'Jenny' & 'Mike': Date Night
byhfernandez1983©

Hi guys, I hope that you enjoy this story that deals with Pegging and Gender Role Reversal. The idea of pegging has always been a hot topic for me. I have tried it in my personal life, though not in the same way as the characters in this story, and have found it to be a highly erotic experience. I have wanted to write this story for a while but have been putting it off. But after I read silkstockingslover's Kinky Tales: I pegged my Husband, I knew I had to start writing this story.

This time my story does not take place in the city of Dubai. I'd rather leave the location of where the events take place up to the reader's imagination. I'm sure that a lot of couples around the world have done something similar to what's happening in this story, and I hope that some of those couples read this story.

Note: Thanks to shyone245, trigodreamer, ckquail, vertexwild for editing my story.

*-*-*

CHARACTERS:

James Winchester / Jenny

Michelle Winchester / Mike

NOTE: This story is told from James' POV.

*-*-*

It's Friday night, but for me and my wife it's Date Night. Most couples have date nights on Saturday, but we have it on Friday nights to get an early start on the weekends.

Michelle and I have been married for a little over two years now and we live a very happy life. I was not always so happy because I am a crossdresser and have been dressing up ever since I was 15. I met Michelle when we were in college in 2005. She was studying law, while I was in the IT field. We met at a college party and there was an instant attraction between us. I would say that it was love at first sight and we've been together ever since that night.

We've always had great sex and I had found Michelle's preference to take control in bed really hot. In our second year of college, I finally found the guts to reveal my secret to her. Most girls that I had dated had found that to be utterly disgusting and had broken up with me over it, but after many heart breaks I had finally met my true love.

Michelle was not like most girls. I was amazed at how understanding she was of my fetish, even supportive of it. I had never expected someone to understand it as well as she did, she even started to help me. We experimented quite a bit after I opened up to her about it.

She helped me choose the right outfits to wear, that would suit my body and put emphasis on the right places, and had helped me become quite adept at make-up techniques. She even called me by my CD name, Jennifer, or Jenny for short. Our sex life improved quite a bit after that. She often preferred me being dressed while we had sex, and eventually she introduced anal play in the bedroom. We started with her finger fucking me and we gradually moved on to using small dildos and butt plugs. Although she took charge in our relationship, it wasn't until our first year of marriage that we tried pegging.

She loved the power of the role reversal between us and I enjoyed her control over me while she wielded her strap-on. Eventually Michelle started embracing a more masculine role whenever I took her cock up my ass. She would dress up more like a guy while I dressed up all sexy for her and we would usually end up fucking like rabbits.

She suggested once that we reenact our wedding night as part of a fantasy role play where I dressed up in her wedding dress and she dressed up in a dapper tuxedo.

She asked me to call her 'Mike' that night and the sex was amazing! That is where she got her manly name from. Calling her 'Mike' in the throes of passion only made her pound me harder, and it was definitely the best fucking I had received. Of course we did have vanilla sex every now and then, but we had both discovered that the sex was always hotter when we switched roles.

This week had been a pretty busy one for Michelle. She'd been coming home late because of a new client that her firm had taken on and was stressing about her workload. So this morning, I had suggested that she try to get home early and maybe 'Mike' and 'Jenny' could have a date night. She seemed pretty enthusiastic about it, and we agreed that tonight we'd spend the night at home with some take-out and a movie, with a good sex session for dessert.

I mainly work from home as a Technical Consultant for a Finnish company and mostly only leave home when I have meetings or when a client faces some major issues. So it was easy for me to get everything ready for our evening in. I was getting really excited and my mind began to wander with possibilities about tonight. Around 5pm I called up Michelle at work just to see if we were still on for tonight. The phone rang and she picked up on the second ring. "Hey babe," she said, sounding and stressed.

"Hey honey, what you up to?" I asked.

"Just busy with this ton of paperwork lying on my desk, it's beginning to look like a pig sty in here," she said. I chuckled upon hearing that, mostly because I know Michelle to be an organized person. She doesn't like anything at home or at work to be messy at all.

"You find that funny?" she asked playfully, irritated with my laughing at her.

"Yeah, kind of. Especially since I know how much of a neat freak you are," I said, this time trying to control my laughter.

"I just hate it. Just when I think that everything is going to get better, more paper work gets shoved on my desk!" She sounded really stressed and I wondered if she would end up working late again, cancelling our date tonight.

"Well, are we still on for tonight?" I asked her, hoping that she could still make it.

"Yeah, yeah. I've already told the boss that I'm leaving on time today and that I really need to de-stress and relax," she replied, her words comforting me a bit.

"Ok. That's good to know! Can you pick up some take-out on your way back home?"

"Yes, I can definitely do that. What are you in the mood for?" she asked.

"I don't know. Just get whatever you want." I replied.

"How about I get us something from the Golden Dragon?"

The Golden Dragon was one of our favorite Chinese restaurants in the city.

"That sounds fine babe," I replied.

"Ok then. Have you decided on a movie for tonight?" she asked.

"Yea, Basic Instinct," I said with a Cheshire cat grin.

"You know if you turn on something like that, I basically won't be able to keep my hands off you," she chuckled into the phone.

"That's the idea!" I said in a sexy feminine voice.

"You're getting me really horny now and the sexy voice isn't helping at all!"

"What can I say? I love getting you worked up," I snickered.

"You know you're going to pay for that later tonight!"

"Promises, promises!" I sighed.

"You're such a tease!" she retorted.

"Well, you better get back to work if you want to get home early," I said.

"Ok, bye. I love you." she said and I heard the receiver click on the other end.

"I love you too babe," I replied, beaming.

Now, I was even more excited. Mostly because we would get to have some intimate time today, so I spent the rest of the evening getting ready. First, I took a nice long shower and made sure that I was completely shaved and hair free around my legs, arms and chest. I spent the next 30 minutes just deciding what I was going to wear. I wanted to be ready by the time Michelle got home and I really wanted to wow her.

I decided on a blue colored sundress and beige colored 4 inch strappy heels. But first, I took care of my make-up. I made sure that I kept it minimal and classy rather than going for the slutty look. I mean we were just going to be home and having a relaxing night, which would possibly turn into some hot loving. Although, when I did slut it up, Michelle seemed to be even more turned on and would pound me like I was a whore.

After I was done applying foundation, mascara and a light touch of lip gloss, I put on my blonde wig that went well with my blue eyes. I slipped into a strapless black bra and stuffed the cups with silicone breast forms. They were not too large, just about a C cup size. I put on a lacy thong to match the bra and then quickly got dressed.

I was ready by 6:30pm and headed downstairs to make myself a vodka and orange. Once my drink was ready and as I was about to sit down to have a sip, I heard the front door open.

"Hey babe," I greeted.

"Hey honey," she replied with her back to me while she locked the door. She turned around looking surprised. "Wow, you're already dressed," she said, smiling and looking me up and down.

"Yeah, I wanted to get a head start and be ready by the time you got home," I said, moving closer to her and giving her a kiss.

"Well, you look really good," she complimented.

"Thanks! I aim to please." I said.

"You sure do!" she said and kissed me again.

"Is that dinner?" I asked, pointing to the unmarked plastic bag in her hand.

"Yeah, I got us egg rolls, rice and your favorite Szechuan chicken."

"That sounds wonderful," I said.

She leaned in for another kiss and our tongues battled with each other as it became passionate. I pulled away, not wanting both of us to get all hot and bothered right away, and heard Michelle sigh as I pulled back.

"Why don't you go upstairs, take a nice hot shower and get dressed and I'll just make sure the table is set for dinner."

She smiled and replied, "Ok."

I grabbed the bag of food from Michelle's hand, and as I moved towards the kitchen, she gave me a playful smack on my behind. She gave me a mischievous smile and wink as she headed upstairs to the bedroom. I spent the next couple of minutes setting the table while sipping on my drink.

It wasn't long before I heard Michelle coming downstairs and smiled brightly as I saw her. She had her shoulder length hair in a ponytail and wore a pair black denim pants and a black cotton jersey t-shirt. I noticed that her chest area was flat instead and her tits were hardly noticeable. God she looked so sexy when she was binding. She didn't bother with any makeup either, and although she didn't really look like a guy, her feminine features were hardly noticeable. I always noticed that whenever she dressed up as a guy, there was this masculine aura of confidence that carried her. As she moved closer to me, I noticed a bulge in her crotch area and knew that she was packing our little big friend.

She flashed me that mischievous ear to ear grin which told me everything I needed to know about how the night was going to end.

Dinner was a casual affair, and like every other day, we spoke about how things at work were going. "It was good of Henry to let you come home so early. I thought you would be late again and we wouldn't be eating dinner together," I said.

"He knew I'd been working really hard with this new client and told me that it was ok to leave early. In fact, he told me that I could take a long weekend and have tomorrow and Monday off," she said with a smile.

"Really?"

"Yeah. He told me that he knew how stressful it can get and that I should take the time off for all the hard work I'd put in the last couple of weeks," she replied.

"Why didn't you tell me this before?" I asked.

"I bumped into him when I was leaving and we discussed how difficult the new client was to work with and he just told me."

"Wow, that's great," I said with a smile. She nodded and smiled back at me, that gorgeous smile of her capturing my full attention.

"I was actually thinking that maybe, we could you know, have some fun and make it a long weekend," she suggested very sexily.

"Oh really?" I answered playfully.

"I mean we haven't switched roles like this in a while and I thought that maybe we could stretch the weekend before I go back to work on Tuesday," she said.

"You mean..." I trailed off, realizing what she was saying.

"Yes," she said, smiling very widely now. I can just sense what is in store this weekend.

"Sounds like a plan," I said, smiling as I looked back at her.

"Yeah?" she said, her eyes dazzling with delight and I felt my heart flutter from her feeling very excited. I noded my head responding to her question. "But, I have one condition," she continued.

"And what is that?" I asked, intrigued with what she had in mind.

"Let's not break character the entire weekend. I'll be the husband and you can be the wife. I'll call you Jenny and you can call me ... Mike."

"Kinky..." I said with a giggle.

"So, do you accept the challenge?" she asked me with a hint of competitiveness.

"Yes, I accept" I said, beaming with excitement She just smiled as we continued to eat dinner. I wanted to immediately jump Michelle...I mean 'Mike'. But I decided to wait. I had deliberately chosen a hot movie, Basic Instinct. Watching sexy movies usually gets her hot and bothered, which since our roles were reversed, I would get fucked nice and hard.

I started the movie and made myself another drink, while I got Mike a beer. It was fun and kind of sexy spending an evening like this. As the movie went on, Mike began to put her best guy-moves on me. She faked a yawn and then put her hand around my shoulder and every now and then pulled me a little closer to her. She even went to second base with me while we watched the movie. I felt like we were in high school, only I was the girl now!

As the sex scenes in the movie came up, Mike began to twitch and move her body around a bit. I could sense that the action on the screen was beginning to get to her. She turned to face me and I stared right back into her eyes. We began making out on the couch as her hands roamed from my leg all the way up to my tits. Even though they were fake, she still squeezed them as though they were real.

She slowly took my hand and moved it over to her crotch rubbing it all over her bulge. She broke the kiss as I continued to rub her hard-on, my own cock straining against my panties. "Why don't you get on your knees and give me a blowjob sweetie..." she said.

I slithered down and kneeled right in front of her and began to unbuckle her pants. She raised her hips a little and I pulled her pants down to her ankles and her fake cock sprang up. I saw that she had put on her harness that looked like a man's brief's called the Tomboi and a 7 inch dildo attached to it.

I began to jerk her phallus and licked the base of the shaft all the way to the tip. I repeated the action a few more times while she watched, making her moan.

"God, you look so fucking hot!"

I smiled at the proclamation and took her cock into my mouth. I began to suck it slowly while stroking it with my hand. Mike began to moan as the base of the cock rubbed against her clit.

Mike put both her hands behind my ears, grabbing me and began to force me down on her big cock, pushing deeper into my mouth. "Oh yeah baby, that's it. Take it all inside your pretty little mouth."

As the cock went inside my mouth and hit the back of my throat, she held me in place for a couple of seconds. Luckily we had been using this dildo for a while and I had had enough practice taking the entire length. She then let go of my head I released the cock from my mouth gasping for air and leaving a trail of drool all over her dick and my lips.

"Stick your tongue out," she said, placing her hand on my chin. I did as she ordered and she grabbed her cock and began smacking it on my tongue. She groaned as she slapped her dick all over my tongue and my mouth. I grabbed her shaft and began to suck on it again. I kept working on her for a few more minutes and then I heard a flash go off! I looked up to see that she had taken a picture of me!

"God, you're such a slut!" she said, continuing to take more pictures.

"Only for you baby," I replied innocently, loving that she was taking these sexy pictures of me. She flashed me a wicked grin as I continued to suck on her. I maintained eye contact with her as I continued blowing beautiful Mikey.

"Get up here!" she commanded. I gave the dildo once last lick and got on top of her. She pulled my dress up and began to grope my ass. I felt the cock against my butt cheeks and I began to gyrate my hips in a teasing motion. She pulled me in for a deep and passionate kiss as she continued to knead my ass cheeks in her strong hands. "Now, get on all fours!" she demanded.

I got off her lap and placed myself on my hands and knees next to her, facing the back of the couch. She removed her pants from around her ankles and got right behind me. She hiked up my dress a little further up my back and pulled my thong to the side. "Ooooh, look at that pretty little hole, begging to get fucked," she teased, rubbing her index finger on my rosebud.

She licked her finger and slowly stuck it inside my ass. I moaned in delight as she began to slowly finger fuck my ass hole. "Are you ready to get fucked, my little slut?" she asked me, as if it was even a question.

"Ohh yes," I replied with a breathy desperation, dying to be penetrated by her cock.

"Yes what?" she teased me.

"Yes, I want to get fucked," I replied. She rubbed her cock against my anus and began to tease me further. It was pure, wonderful torture and I wanted it to end.

"Please just put it inside me," I moaned. She snickered as I begged for her cock. She went to the entertainment unit and opened a drawer and removed a bottle of lube. She then put some on her finger and rubbed it on my rosebud and then a generous amount of the lube on her dildo.

She teased my hole a little more and then pushed on it firmly. Since I was already used to her fucking me, my ass instantly gave way to her cock as she slowly pushed the entire length inside me. I gasped aloud as my ass was filled by her cock. She leaned forward, putting both arms around me and hugging me tight.

"All the way in," she whispered into my ear. "Only whore's and sluts take such big dicks in one fucking go!"

I moaned as she began to slowly grind into me repeatedly.

"Are you a slut, Jenny?" shed breathed into my ear, sending chills down my spine. "Are you my slut?"

"Yes," I said in a breathy reply.

"Yes what?" She stopped grinding into me but still held me tight.

"Yes, I'm a slut!"

"Whose slut are you?" she asked.

"I'm your slut, Mike!" I replied, staying in character as best I could. She grabbed my hips and slowly began to fuck me, giving me every inch of her hard cock.

"Push back on my cock!" she ordered. I immediately complied and began to push back on the dildo, lowering myself on the beast. She bent a little lower and grabbed her phone. I heard a familiar sound and saw the flash pop, lighting up the room for an instant. She was taking more pictures of me as I continued to push my ass onto her cock. She leaned down once again and pointed the front camera towards us and took a picture. She showed me the picture of my ass stretched and filled and giggled.

She threw her phone back on the couch and grabbed my hips again. This time she thrust into me mercilessly. She slowed but drove her cock hard inside me harder with each thrust. She would pull her cock out almost all the way out and then pump it right back in. My ass was on fire but I was in complete heaven. I began to moan louder and whimper as she started to fuck me faster. She leaned forward and pulled my cock out of my panties and began to jerk me off.

"Annnnhhh...Annnnhhh...annnh.." I moaned.

"Yeah, take it like a fucking whore!"

Each stroke of my cock was in sync with her thrusts and I was beginning to go over the edge. I heard her whimper as the base of the dildo was undoubtedly rubbing against her clit. She began to pound me harder and faster. "Are you ready to cum?" she asked me. 

"God, yes," I replied, helplessly on the verge of coming.

"Good, I'm about to cum too," she replied. "Jerk yourself off baby."

She released my cock and I began to jerk myself. She moaned and grunted as she drove her cock deeper and deeper into the depths of my anus. And then I felt my balls stir. "I'm almost there," I said.

"Hold on baby, just a little bit more," she said. I tried my best but I couldn't. Jets of cum began to fly out of my cock.

"I'm cumming!" I moaned. This must have driven her wild; she screamed out like a banshee. Her own orgasm had hit her, but she continued to fuck me, grinding her pelvis into me and working her clit harder and harder. Once she was done, she leaned on top of me again, hugging me tight once more. I stayed as I was and let her catch her breath. Once she was ok, she let go of me and slowly removed her cock from my ass. My ass felt empty, once the shaft and head popped out of me.

I fell back on the couch and she got on top of me. We shared a kiss as my flaccid cock rubbed against her erect phallus. "This is going be such a fun weekend!" she said, looking into my eyes and smiling. I smiled at her and pulled her in for another kiss.

TO BE CONTINUED...

*-*-*

I hope that you enjoyed the story. I welcome positive feedback and criticism. Part 2 is now in the works and shouldn't take me long to write. If there is anything in particular you would like to see 'Jenny' & 'Mike' do in the next couple of planned installments, please do feel free to mention them in the comments or write to me through the contact on my profile.

*-*-*

'Jenny' & 'Mike': A Day Out
byhfernandez1983©

This is the follow-up to 'Jenny' & 'Mike': Date Night, so if you haven't read that story, I would suggest that you do read it. This story idea is just sort latched itself into my brain and it's all I can think of right now. So I find it best to continue writing this series as back to back.

Note: Thanks to shyone245, ckquail, CJ_ED for editing this story.

*-*-*

CHARACTERS:

James Winchester / Jenny

Michelle Winchester / Mike

NOTE: THIS STORY IS TOLD FROM JAMES'S POV

*-*-*

I woke up in the morning with Michelle's arm around me. We were spooning. She was the big spoon. I held on-to her arm stroking it gently as I recalled how 'Mike' and I had gotten it on in the living room the previous night. 'Mike' had fucked me on numerous occasions in the past, but my ass was still sore after what we had gotten up-to last night! God it was so hot!

I turned my head to look at the clock on the night-stand and saw that it was 9:30 a.m. I slowly lifted Michelle's arm from around my waist, and carefully got out of bed, trying not to disturb her. I noticed in the mirror that my blonde wig was disheveled, just like Michelle's hair usually was in the mornings. I grinned at my reflection.

I continued to admire myself in the black satin chemise I was wearing. It was one of many items of women's clothing in my wardrobe. I looked back lovingly at Michelle in her boxer briefs and white tank top. She looked so damn sexy in them.

I made my way into the kitchen downstairs and got a pot of coffee going. Michelle was always up early and made the coffee, but last night's activities took a lot out of the both of us, especially her!

As I stood at the kitchen counter waiting for the coffee to brew, I felt her arms wrap around my waist. Michelle leaned into my back, and kissed me on the shoulder.

"Good morning babe," she said playfully.

"I didn't hear you coming...downstairs."

"I thought I'd sneak up and surprise you," she said, kissing my shoulder again and squeezing me tighter.

"I could get used to...this."

I turned around and looked lovingly into Michelle's eyes. She reached up and stroked my cheeks, before pulling me into her for a soft and tender kiss. I wrapped my arms around her, deepening out kiss. The beeping coffee machine pulled us out of our loved-up trance.

"Coffee's ready, I guess," I said, breaking the kiss and clearing my throat.

Michelle burst out laughing at my sudden bashfulness.

We settled opposite each other at the table to enjoy the coffee I had just poured for us. I took small sips of the hot aromatic coffee.

"What?" I asked, as I realized Michelle was looking at me intently.

"You look so sexy dressed like that," she said with a smile.

"What?"

"You heard me."

"With my hair all over the place? I look like a muppet!"

"Ha! No way! You look cute, babe," she said laughing.

I frowned as I continued to sip my coffee. Michelle, on the other hand, was still smiling as she sipped hers.

After our morning coffee, I went about taking care of the chores Michelle usually performed on Sundays. After I headed back to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, Michelle was still sat at the table reading the morning paper.

I rustled up a breakfast of bacon, scrambled eggs and toast and served it up.

"So, what do you want to do today?" Michelle asked as we tucked in.

"I don't know. You kind of sprang this whole long weekend thing on me."

"I was just as surprised when Henry told me that I could take today and Monday off."

"What do you want to do today?" I asked, taking a bite.

"I was thinking that... we could go out today and grab some lunch..."

"But I thought you didn't want to break character?" I said, puzzled by the apparent about turn.

"I was hoping that we could go out as 'Jenny' and 'Mike'..." she said hesitantly.

My face fell. I felt a rush of anxiety. Michelle must have known that her suggestion would be met with a considerable amount of unease from my side.

"Babe..." she said, reaching across the table to take my hand in hers.

"Honey, you know I don't want to go out as 'Jenny'."

"But..."

"After that outing last year, I don't think I could ever go out dressed as Jenny again."

"Sweetie, that was almost a year ago and where we went wasn't really the friendliest of places in the city."

I was already going back to that memory. Michelle had, after much discussion, convinced me that we should go out dressed as 'Jenny; and 'Mike'. She took me to a nice restaurant. It was nothing fancy, but very romantic. Unfortunately, many of the diners kept staring at us and giving us dirty looks. I could hardly concentrate on my meal or even talk to Michelle. One older gentleman went as far as to leave the restaurant, mumbling under his breath and giving us a dirty stare as he passed our table. It was unsettling. Needless to say we did not enjoy the evening. I've not had the confidence to go out as 'Jenny' since.

"Michelle, you know why I'm uncomfortable. I don't want to go someplace where people will stare at you and your cross-dressing husband."

"Babe, we've discussed that night. I didn't know that our evening would be ruined like that. I feel kind of responsible for what happened that night. I just wanted to go out on a date and have a nice romantic time."

"I don't blame you... honey."

"I know you don't. I was hoping we could try it again. But this time we could go out to a friendlier part of town. Maybe grab a bite to eat. Maybe even do some window shopping."

"A friendlier part of town?" I asked, somewhat more interested now.

"We could go to the Valley. They have great shops and really good restaurants and pubs."

I sat silent as I thought about it. The Valley was an area in the city that was filled with people from the LGBTQ community. There were a lot of same sex couples that lived and frequented the area because of the atmosphere. It was a safe haven for people with alternative lifestyles.

"But we're not a same sex couple," I protested.

"That's doesn't matter. That area is very neutral towards all people, no matter who they are. I have even read on some message boards about men who dress up as women who go there and love it. I'm absolutely sure that we won't have any problems there at all."

I sat in silence as I considered Michelle's suggestion. The Valley was filled with people from the LGBTQ community. A lot of same sex couples lived in, and frequented the area because of its tolerant atmosphere. It was like a safe haven for people with alternative lifestyles.

"But we're not a same sex couple," I pointed out.

"That doesn't matter. I've researched online and a lot of straight couples visit the area too. I have even read about men who dress up as women who go there and love it. I'm absolutely sure that we won't experience the same prejudice there."

I pondered everything Michelle had said. I still wasn't convinced that going out as 'Jenny' was such a good idea.

"Just once please, babe. For me. And if it turns out to be a bad experience, we'll leave and I'll never ask you to go out of the house as 'Jenny' ever again."

I sighed. "Okay." I knew when to throw in the towel.

Michelle was giddy with excitement. "Really?"

"Yes. But if it gets to be really uncomfortable, then we are out of there! Agreed?"

"No problem. Scouts honor," she said, raising her fingers in the air.

"Okay then."

She got up and came around the table to settle on my lap.

"I can't believe we're going to do this!"

"I love you, Michelle. You know I would do anything for you."

"I love you too, babe."

The look she then gave me, made me fall in love with her all over again.

As the morning passed, I became more and more excited and less nervous about our trip to the Valley. After breakfast we decided to hop into the shower together. Sharing a shower with your lover is one of the most erotic experiences you can have. Michelle had her back to me in the shower and decided to turn the heat up a notch. I lathered some of our favorite shower gel and rubbed all over her breasts as I pressed her back to my front. At first I massaged them quite gently. Just the way she liked it. She turned her head and kissed me as I paid more urgent attention to the task at hand. I began edging my hands downwards rubbing the gel all over her tummy, and then finally going down below.

She sighed as my hand made contact with her pussy. I started to rinse her, moving my hand down to her pussy, teasing her and eliciting soft moans from her. My cock was at attention and poking against her butt as I slowly edged her towards orgasm. Her breathing became shallow and soon came in gasps. All I wanted to do was to slam my cock into her.

"Fuck me!"

I pushed her against the wall, and aimed my cock at her pussy. She gasped as I pushed my length inside her, filling her to the hilt. I began to move slowly. After a good few minutes of slowly torturing her pussy this way, I began to give it to her hard. She moaned and whimpered. And every now and then I heard her demanding that I should fuck her, that I should give her my dick. My wife had a filthy mouth. Finally she began rubbing her clit. It always drove me wild seeing her play with herself while I had my dick inside her. She screamed as her orgasm hit her. My thrusting grew faster. Then I finally came too, grunting like a man possessed.

After we both had finished, I drew my cock out of her pussy. I held her in my arms as the water cascaded over us. Michelle turned around and gave me a passionate kiss. I held her in my arms as we stood under the shower head together.

Then her mood changed. She pushed me back against the shower.

"That was a freebie. The rest of the weekend, it's going to be you screaming for me to fuck you," she said in a sexy whisper.

"Now who's the tease?"

After our eventful shower, we helped each other decide what to wear. For 'Jenny', Michelle chose a black and white sundress with a black shrug that complimented it perfectly. For 'Mike', I chose a pair of khaki pants and a white shirt with roll back sleeves and a pair of boxer briefs, that matched her binder she was going to wear to flatten her chest. Michelle even wore the harness and the dildo we had used the previous night. This time, the boxers and the baggy khaki pants helped to cover the bulge. Finally, Michelle helped me with some light make-up, and then we were ready to go.

I was nervous during the whole drive. 'Mike' chose to drive, and squeezed my hand. We entered the valley area and parked near the shopping district. If I was nervous in the car, then I was hot mess as we stepped out of the car. 'Mike' held my hand tightly, as a sign of trust, and we moved towards the shops.

The mian street was bustling with people. Surprisingly no one was staring at us. It was as if no one cared that a woman dressed like a man, was walking hand-in-hand with a man dressed as a woman.

We spotted a store that we liked, and ventured inside. Most of the shoppers were women. The sales staff greeted us warmly and welcomed us. A couple of women even looked at us and gave us a smile.

The friendly vide put me at ease and I could feel my nervousness slowly disappear. The sales staff directed 'Mike' to the section that had more masculine clothing for women who considered themselves 'butch'. I, on the other hand, was a still a little too shy to look for anything.

In the past, Michelle had always shopped for new items of female clothing for me. Or we just made purchases from online stores selling female clothing for crossdresser's. It was more discreet.

Back on the sidewalk having made some purchases for herself, 'Mike' stopped in her tracks and pointed towards a store across the street. It was a sex shop!

"You want to go in there?" I asked, once again quite jittery with nerves.

"Yeah," she nodded in excitement.

"I don't know."

"Oh come on, don't be a wuss!"

"Babe, its one thing to go shopping for clothes, a sex shop is a different story alltogether..." I let the sentence trail off.

"It'll be fun. We'll just look around. Who knows, we might even find something we like?"

She pulled me towards the store. Except for a woman sitting behind the counter, the store was empty. The woman had bronzed skin, an average-sized chest, with short dark hair. She seemed to be in her early to mid-twenty's. She smiled as she spotted us.

"Hello. How can I help you today?" she asked cheerfully.

"I was wondering if you had any toys my husband and I can use?"

I was mortified. "Michelle!"

The sales woman saw my horrified expression. "It's okay sir. We get straight couples in here all the time," she said, encouragingly.

"See? Just relax babe."

"Are you looking for anything specific?" the woman asked.

"Nothing specific, really. We just saw the store from across the street and decided to come and take a look. Erm, miss..."

"Carmen. My name's Carmen."

"Nice to meet you Carmen."

"Likewise," she said.

"This is James. Jenny actually..."

"Michelle!!" I groaned under my breath, and gave her an icy stare.

"... and I'm... Mike..."

"Hi Jenny, it's nice to meet you... and you too... Mike" said Carmen with a Cheshire cat grin, first shaking my hand and then 'Mike's'.

"So, what is it that you guys are looking for today? Vibrators? Dildos? Harnesses? Sexy lingerie?"

"Could you show us some harnesses?" asked 'Mike'.

"Sure, right this way."

She led us to a section towards the back of the shop where a number of harnesses were on the display. As with my female clothing, Michelle was the one who always purchased the harnesses and the dildos. We've purchased three harnesses over the past couple of years. Two of them were made of leather and had to be discarded for wear and tear. The third was a cloth harness, much easier to wash and maintain.

"Wow, you have quite a selection!" exclaimed 'Mike'.

"Yeah, we have a wide range of pretty much everything. In fact, we are the biggest sex shop in the city. We pride ourselves on being able to meet almost all our clients' needs," replied Carmen. "Do you own a harness right moment?"

"Yes we do. A Tomboi harness," replied 'Mike'.

"Briefs or the boxers?"

"Briefs."

"Good choice."

"Yeah, I love it."

"You have it on now, don't you?" asked Carmen, with a grin.

'Mike' and I froze and looked at each other. She, in surprise. I, in silent mortification.

"How did you guess?" exclaimed 'Mike'.

"Well, I can see a bit of bulge there. Plus a lot of women we get in here are packing," replied Carmen.

"Really?" I asked, finally breaking my silence.

"He speaks!" laughed Carmen. 'Mike' burst out laughing too.

They were giggling like schoolgirls. I was annoyed, and descended into silence again.

"I'm sorry. But yeah, we do get a lot of women who pack. It's quite common these days." She picked up a harness that was styled like boxer shorts and showed them to us. "This for example. A lot of trans-men prefer these particular pair of boxers. They put in dildos or packers and get on with their daily routines," explained Carmen.

"They look nice," said 'Mike', as she stoked the cloth harness.

"They look good, yes. But when you want to play, they don't have a lot of give at all. I've heard from many people that that dampens their experience," replied Carmen.

"Then why do you carry them here?"

"Well we have to. Plus this style can also be used as a packer. So they do serve their purpose to some extent. However," she continued, picking up yet another harness, "this is the harness I stand by. It's called the Joque, because, as you can see, it's shaped like a jock strap. It's a double-strap harness,and therefore very easy to put on. The adjustable Velcro straps at the back make putting them on almost effortless. It's got a bunch of other straps too which once adjusted, never need to be adjusted again."

"Never again?" 'Mike' looked incredulous.

"Not at all. Unless you want someone else to wear it, then, of course, you would have to make adjustments."

"Is it comfortable?"

"From experience, I can assure you it is the most comfortable harness!"

"Any good for pegging?" asked 'Mike'. I got another horrified look on my face.

"Yeah, definitely," answered Carmen, glancing in my direction, with a reassuring smile.

"Does it come with a dildo?"

"Sometimes they come in kits, but this is just the harness. If you are looking for a dildo that will go with it, you would have to consider what type, size and girth for example. Personally, I prefer this one called the Outlaw."

The dildo she held in her hand was a realistic dildo and it was huge!

"It's about nine inches or so. You can also go with the Bandit, which is about eight inches long. Both come in vanilla, caramel & chocolate colors."

"Will these go with the Joque?"

"Like I said, I speak from experience."

"Have you... ever... used it... on a guy?" asked Michelle.

"As a matter of fact, yes, I have," replied Carmen, with a smile.

'Mike' turned to me, "We'll take it."

I gulped as I heard her say those words. The dildo we had at home was about seven inches long. The eight-incher seemed ok too. But the nine inch dildo 'Mike' wanted to get us to get was massive!

"Which color would you prefer?" asked Carmen.

"We'll take both in caramel."

"Great, I'll ring these up for you then."

I pulled 'Mike' closer to me, "You're buying both of them?"

"Yeah. So?"

"But that... that other one is... so big... " I pointed out unnecessarily.

"Aww, is my little kitten worried?" teased 'Mike'. "Don't worry babe, we'll try it out. If you can't take it then we can always use it on me," she said, with a wicked grin.

I was nervous once again, but after all the shopping I had was begging to get a little hungry and tried not to think about the big dildo. We opted for lunch at a bistro across from what appeared to be an old, out of use movie theater.

"Look at that, an old-fashioned theater," said 'Mike'.

"They haven't listed any movies outside, I wonder if they're still operating."

"Wait here," said 'Mike', as she headed across the road. My nerves began to act up again as I stood alone outside the restaurant.

She ran up to the young man sitting at the ticket counter and exchanged a few words before making her way back to me.

"They're still in business, and they're showing Casablanca tonight."

"Oh, okay," I said, as we entered the restaurant.

A hostess met us at the door, and guided us to a booth. She handed us a couple of menus and smiled at us as she walked away.

"So, I thought that maybe, we could see Casablanca tonight?" said 'Mike'.

"You want to come back here and watch a movie?"

"Yeah. I mean, our shopping trip is going so well. No one is staring at us. The vibe here is so great. I thought the movie would be a nice end to our day?"

'Mike' looked at me expectantly.

"Well, we have had a good day. What the hell, let's do it."

"Great!"

"I haven't seen it anyway, so... "

"You haven't seen Casablanca?" She looked at me like I was from another planet.

"No. Is it any good?"

"It's only one of the most romantic movies ever!"

"Okay," I replied, laughing.

"I first saw it in high school, and I used fantasize that I was Ingrid Bergman," she said with a sigh and far away look.

"Okaaay," I said, laughing.

"Why are you laughing?"

"You fantasized that you were a movie actress?" I couldn't contain my laughter. 

"Haven't you ever fantasized that you were a character from a movie or even just someone else?" she asked.

I could tell that 'Mike' was not going to let this go. I had never been more happy to see a waitress at that moment.

"Hi, my name is Melinda, and I'll be serving you today. Have you decided what you would like?"

"Um, no not yet. Could you give us a few more minutes?" said 'Mike'.

"Whenever you guys are ready, wave me over and I'll be back to take your order."

'Mike' continued to fix me with the enquiring stare she treated me to before the waitress interrupted us.

"What?"

"I'm still kind of waiting for my answer."

"Well, I mean I used to fantasize, but not really about being a movie star or anything..." I let the sentence trail off.

'Mike' leaned in closer, looking into my eyes as if trying to pry my secrets out of me.

"But there was someone you fantasized about, or someone you fantasized being?" she prompted.

I could feel my cheeks heating up as I blushed. I knew I had been caught.

"You didn't fantasize about screwing her, did you? You fantasized about being her," 'Mike' grinned. "Come on, tell me!"

"No..."

"Oh, come on. I accept you for who you are James. It's okay. You can tell me."

"No. Now let it go, please." I made eye contact with the waitress, and gestured her over to our table.

"You have to tell me. Maybe we can even do some kind of role-play and get you off," she teased, grinning.

I knew Michelle well enough to know that she would not let this go. And if I told her she probably would end up making that fantasy come true. But I didn't want to tell her.

"So, you're ready to order?" the waitress asked.

"Yeah. I'd like to start with a drink first. A rum and coke please," I said hastily, welcoming the interruption.

"And for you?"

"I'll have whichever beer you have on tap, please."

"Okay, great. I'll be back with your drinks soon."

'Mike' scooted next to me in the booth.

"Tell me. Come on. You know I'm not going to let this go."

"Just leave it, please."

"James, please. Tell me. I have accepted everything about you. I am not going to judge you. This far into our relationship, you don't trust me?"

"It's not about trust. It's just kind of embarrassing."

She looked a little puzzled. I could see that she was trying to figure out why I was so reluctant.

"The maid who came my parents house twice a week. And the head cheerleader at my old high school." I was mortified.

'Mike' burst out laughing.

Just then the waitress came over with our drinks. Thank god she didn't linger. I almost downed most of my drink in one go.

"What's so funny?"

"Because, fantasizing about the maid and the head cheerleader is such a cliché!" she said, trying to contain her incredulity.

I couldn't hide my annoyance. I sat drinking quietly and studying the menu.

"Sorry. I shouldn't have laughed, baby." She moved even closer to me, squeezing my thigh. "I'm sorry, baby. Really." Michelle knew I found the cute puppy dog eyes she was making just then hard to resist. I relaxed and smiled, and was rewarded with a quick kiss on the lips.

"Aw, you guys are so cute!" We were so preoccupied that we didn't see the waitress who had come over to the table to drop some nuts. She grinned at us, and walked off again.

'Mike' smiled and gave me another kiss on the cheek. We sat in silence for a few minutes sipping our drinks and studying the menus. 'Mike' suddenly looked up at me in excitement.

"I have an idea," she said with a naughty grin.

"What?"

"What if we spend tomorrow fulfilling one fantasy of each of ours?"

"You want us to role-play our fantasies when our roles are already reversed like this?" I gestured to us in our carefully-selected attire. I couldn't help smirking

"Why not? Look, we have already switched places. You can't deny that last night was hot. Amazingly so. Why not spice it up a little bit more?" she asked.

"You're really serious!" I exclaimed, draining my glass.

"Yes, I am! We can make either one of your fantasies come true. Sort of."

I could tell she was getting into this now. She suddenly put down the beer she'd been nursing and grabbed her bag and handed me some money. I was confused.

"Go to the sex shop. Get whatever outfit you want. Once you're back, I'll go out get an outfit for you to wear to make my fantasy real. I'm sure Carmen would be happy to help you out," she said with a wink.

I thought about it for a second. Although we switched gender roles from time to time, we hadn't ever done any kind of role-play. It did sound hot. And it would be fun. To my surprise, I had already begun to develop some ideas about what I wanted from the experience.

"Okay," I nodded, smiling. I grabbed the cash, leaving 'Mike' at the restaurant.

Within a minute or two, I was back at the shop. I seemed to be the only shopper. Carmen had just come from the back of the store as I walked in. She was all smiles.

"Back so soon?"

"Uhm... uh... yes. I actually need your help with something."

"Sure, shoot!"

"This may sound a little weird." I said softly, and cringing with embarrassment. "Do you have any special role-playing outfits?"

"You're looking for something for yourself?" she asked, not batting an eye.

"Ummm..."

She could tell I was nervous.

"We have some nice plus-sized costumes. I am sure we could find something for you."

She took my elbow and guided me towards racks and racks of different kinds of outfits that seemed ideal for fantasy play. The selection for men was sparse - just one rack. But there were several racks of costumes for women to choose from! Carmen went to stand in front of one of them.

"These are samples of the costumes I told you about. I'm sure you'll find something here."

Before I knew what was happening, pulling items off the racks. They looked like fun, but nothing like what I was looking for. And then, just as I was losing hope, she had the outfit I wanted in her hand.

"Umm... could I take a look at that one, please."

She looked at the item in her hand, and smiled.

"This one just came in yesterday. It's one of our larger plus-sized costumes and should fit you perfectly."

I was skeptical.

"Is there any way to check whether the size will fit?"

"Oh these are all free sizes and should fit you just fine. I've helped quite a few couples with similar requests and have never had any complaints or returns."

How could I not buy the costume.

When I got back to the restaurant, 'Mike' was sipping on what seemed to be a fresh pint of beer. I sat down and put my purchase down on the seat between us. I smiled at her. She grinned back, and then got up and left without saying a word. I ordered another rum and coke, and watched her rush out.

'Mike' certainly took a lot longer than I had. After 40 minutes I became very curious about what could be taking her so long. I was famished, and wolfed down a ham sandwich while I waited.

'Mike' walked in and scooted into the booth just as I was biting into the second half of my sandwich. She had a similar bag to the one I had walked in with almost an hour earlier. We were both smiling from ear to ear. There was no need for words.

"Shall we order?" I asked as she settled down.

"No, I'm not really hungry," she said, moving closer to me. She kissed me on the cheek and started nibbling on some of the fries that had accompanied the sandwich. We continued eating in silence. Then, out of the blue, I felt her lifting my dress slightly, and moving her hand up between my legs. I gasped as she began caressing my panty-covered cock.

The little tease continued munching, while pretending as though nothing untoward was going on. I, on the other hand, couldn't concentrate on food because of what she was doing to me. I couldn't believe when she pulled my cock out of my panties, and started stroking it. I was becoming rock-hard.

"Aren't you going to finish your sandwich?"

"Uhm... uhhhhhh... no... I feel kind... of... full..." I managed, as she jerked me off.

Keeping a straight face was difficult. I quickly scanned the immediate surroundings to make sure that no one could see what was happening at our table. No one seemed to notice.

'Mike' nonchalantly drank some of her beer as she edged me closer to orgasm. I grabbed hold of the table as I got closer. And then, just like that 'Mike' let go of my cock, and stuffed it back into my panties. She removed her hand from under the table, and waved to get the waitress's attention.

"Check please!"

I couldn't believe it. She had gotten me so close, and then... denied me my release.

She looked at me innocently, as she drained the last of her beer.

"What's wrong?" she asked with a grin as the waitress handed us the check.

We had reached home by 3 p.m. The drive home was quiet; we didn't say a word to each other all the way home. 'Mike' parked the car in the driveway. She unlocked the front door, dropped her bags on the floor and pushed me against the wall without much warning. She grabbed my hands and held them over my head, pinning me to the wall. She began kissing me roughly. I could only try to return her kisses.

Once she had had her fill of my lips, she turned me around. She began grinding her crotch against my behind, while her hands were holding mine above my head and against the wall. I could feel her hard-on pressing against my ass as her hands moved down slowly to caress the sides of my breasts.

Soon her hands were under my dress. Before long I felt a hand inside my panties, squeezing my ass cheeks. After paying some attention to my ass, I felt her moving away slightly and lifting my dress. I gasped loudly as I felt her hand smack my ass hard! She gave a couple of more smacks before I heard her unzipping her pants. She began to smack my ass with her cock and after a few more smacks she pulled my panties down over my knees. Her teasing of my hole with her cock soon had me whimpering and moaning in heat.

I moaned in disappointment as she stopped her ministrations to pull me roughly away from the wall. I watched in silence as she pulled up her boxers and pants before leading me into the kitchen. Before long I found myself pushed face down on the kitchen table.

"Mmmm, look at that nice round ass." And then she landed another smack on my behind. "Do you like that, baby?"

I could only manage a moan. She kicked my feet wider apart. "Do you want to get fucked?" she whispered into my ear.

"Yes, please."

She began to grind her cock against my hole. My own erect cock twitched as she moved against me.

"Please don't tease me, Mike," I pleaded, getting into character.

"Then tell me how much you want my cock, you whore."

"I want your cock so bad. Please, please just give it to me!"

She laughed and released her grip. "Stay!" I heard her walking out of the kitchen and up the stairs towards our bedroom.

She returned a minute or so later, and soon after I felt the cool lubed head of her cock pushing against the puckered entrance to my hole. She applied a little pressure and the head slipped inside easily. I moaned and whimpered as she went ahead and drove the entire length in in one thrust.

She began pounding me really hard. I could feel her pants smacking against my thighs as she fucked me nice and hard. Soon I heard a familiar buzzing sound. She must have hidden the vibrator, which sounded like it was now pressed against her clit, in the harness's pouch.

"Fuck yeah! Take my cock," she screamed, smacking my ass at regular intervals.

"Oh fuck... yeah... fuck... fuck ... fuck..." I screamed as she rammed into me like a wild animal in heat. I had fucked her just like this on many occasions and I guess she was returning the favor. The vibrator continued to buzz as she too began to gasp and moan.

She slowed down as she began to orgasm. Just as the final wave of pleasure coursed through her body, she gave one last hard thrust.

Once she'd recovered some of her composure, she leaned into my back.

"Did you cum, babe?" she asked into my right ear.

"Not yet."

"Let's remedy that, shall we?"

She began pounding into me once again. I reached down between my body and the table and grabbed my cock. I began jerking off. Each pound of her cock was hitting me like a thunderbolt. I began to jerk off faster and faster, until my balls began to twitch.

"Fuuuuck..." I screamed as cum spurted from my cock like hot lava from a volcano. I felt like it would never end.

"Yes, cum for me baby," 'Mike' groaned huskily into my ear.

I continued to jerk my cock until it released the last drop of cum. 'Mike' sensed that I had finished and still leaning against my back, gently kissed my shoulder. I felt empty when she lifted herself off me, and pulled her cock out of my ass. When I turned around, my knees felt like Jell-O. I almost collapsed on the floor. Luckily 'Mike' was there to hold me up, albeit laughing.

"What the fuck was that?" I asked her, grinning.

"I don't know. I suddenly felt the need to fuck you hard, I couldn't control myself."

"Well whatever that was, we need to do that again."

'Mike' continued to laugh as helped me get my bearings. She straightened her pants and gave me a smack on my bottom as she walked out of the kitchen.

Around 7 p.m., we shared another shower. It was not as sexier as our earlier one, but felt well deserved after the morning's excitement and our afternoon nap.

For our evening outing, 'Mike' chose a black button-down shirt, a pair of blue denim jeans and a leather jacket. I went for a pink pleated top, a black skirt and beige four-inch heels.

As we got ready, 'Mike' got the new harness out of its packaging. I watched her put it on, and adjust it to fit her snugly. When she was satisfied with the fit, she strapped on the Bandit eight-inch dildo.

But for the slightly thicker girth and longer length, the dildo wasn't much different from one she had used the night before, and earlier that morning.

"Why are you putting that on?"

"Because we're going to be in character, silly."

The new harness definitely looked much sexier on her. It looked like a Jock strap and she had inserted the dildo through the O-ring from the inside. It took all my will power not to jump her right there.

She caught me admiring her new appendage.

"What?"

"You look so sexy in that," I answered, with a shit-eating grin.

She grabbed her cock and began stroking it.

"Yeah? You like my new dick?"

"Oh yeah!"

"Well, we will have plenty of time to try it out later tonight," she said, slipping on a pair of boxers and treating me to another of her naughty grins.

We agreed to have dinner at the same restaurant we had gone to earlier that day.

Unlike earlier that afternoon when it was quite quiet, the place was buzzing with the evening crowd. The same hostess who had greeted us earlier that afternoon, was till on duty.

"Welcome back," she said.

"Could we have a table for two, please?" asked 'Mike' as I held on to her.

This time she guided us to a booth in the back where we would have a little more privacy.

A different waitress walked to our table as the hostess left us.

"Hi, I'm Ellie and I'll be serving you tonight. Would you like to know tonight's specials?" the waitress asked us as we settled in the booth.

"Shoot!" said 'Mike'.

"We have Mushroom and Spinach ravioli in chive butter sauce, Spaghetti Al Tonno prepared in a Tuna sauce and the Farmers fresh pizza prepared with organic vegetables."

'Mike' chose the spaghetti and a pint of beer. "And what about you, babe?"

"I'll have the ravioli and a glass of white wine, thank you."

"Can I get you anything to start with? Perhaps some soup or a salad?"

"None for me, thank you," said 'Mike', before glancing in my direction. "What about you, babe?"

It was a bit weird, but for some reason, her calling me 'babe' in front of the waitress was turning me on.

"Nothing for me either, thanks." I smiled, and turned to look at 'Mike' as the waitress gathered the menus.

"What?" she asked, as the waitress moved off to place our order.

"It felt good when you called me babe in front of the waitress..."

She touched my hand tenderly, and lifted it to her lips for a kiss. "You are my babe."

I moved in closer for a kiss. There were people everywhere, but I didn't care. Besides, it looked like no one in the place cared either. Everyone was just so busy in their own little world. I held her face between my palms as the kiss became more passionate.

"What was that for?"

"For being you."

She didn't say anything, but the look on her face told me all I needed to know. I couldn't resist and pulled her in for another kiss as the waitress approached our table.

"You guys make such a cute couple," she said as she placed our drinks on the table. "I'll be back with your food shortly."

I blushed. 'Mike' just smiled and I interlocked my hand with hers.

"So, is this the only time you will come out as 'Jenny' or can 'Mike' expect to go out with 'Jenny' a lot more now?"

"I haven't thought about it. This afternoon was great. Right now is great. So, yeah, maybe we could do this more often. But to places like this, of course."

"Oh, of course. I've wanted to explore this path a little more. And not just in the bedroom. I've been considering how best to bring it up again given how you felt after our last experience. I really thought the odds of us going out like this ever again were slim."

"I thought so too, but I'm having a good time now. It feels great to have these moments alone together."

"I love you, babe."

"And I love you too.

All through dinner I thought about how far we had come. I had never been happier than I was at that moment. Marriage is all about loving one another and compromising to see each other happy. Michelle had done just that by accepting me for who I was. I felt like the luckiest person in the world to have someone like Michelle.

After dinner, 'Mike' paid for the meal and we headed to the movie. 'Mike' bought tickets to back-row seats on the balcony level. Only two other people, a lesbian couple who were making out in the front row, were present. It seemed we would have considerable privacy.

We took our corner seats in the back row, and waited for the movie to start. As the movie went on, I could see why Michelle loved it so much. Ingrid Bergman was absolutely heavenly.

Halfway through the movie, 'Mike' began to put the moves on me, just like she did the night before. She snaked her right arm across my shoulders and began to fondle my right breast. Because of the armrest between us, she couldn't pull me closer.

"You're getting awfully frisky," I whispered, turning my head towards her slightly.

"The movie kind of calls for it, don't you think?"

I smiled as I felt her grab my breast again. I leaned in for a deep kiss. Soon her hands were under my skirt and caressing my thighs. This was the second time in two days that she had me feeling like a high school girl. She got bolder and began running her fingers over my panty-covered crotch.

As I grew more and more excited, I started caressing her thigh. Finally, I snuck my hand higher to press against the crotch of her jeans. The bulge I felt there nearly drove me wild.

'Mike' pulled away, undid her jeans and released her cock. While guiding my hand to her cock, she pulled me in for another kiss. I began to stroke her as our tongues intertwined. Normally, I would have been petrified of behaving like this in a public place, even one that was nearly deserted. But the thrill of me jerking her dick in such a public place, and the possibility of being caught was turning me on like crazy. I was hard as a rock. 

"Mmm, someone's enjoying this," 'Mike' whispered as she ran her hands up my skirt and onto my crotch once again.

I gave her another quick kiss before bending over to take her hard cock in my mouth. Michelle held my head in place as I began licking her shaft from the base to the head. She moaned quietly as I slowly took her entire shaft into my mouth. I alternated between licking and sucking, building a slow but steady rhythm.

"Fuck, this is so hot!" she gasped before grabbing her cock and smacking it against my lips lightly. I slipped my hands underneath my skirt and pulled my panties to the side, releasing my erection from its silky constraints.

"Oh yes, baby. I want to watch you play with yourself while you suck my cock."

"You like that... Mike?" I asked getting fully into character once again, just like I did earlier in the afternoon.

"Fuck yeah! Suck my cock, Jenny," she groaned.

I once again took her cock into my mouth.

A minute or two later, the door to the balcony opened with a loud thud and an usher entered to do his rounds. We both jerked upright in our seats. I straightened myself as best as I could and put my cock back in my panties. 'Mike' had a little more difficulty getting her big hard cock back into her boxers. To her credit she eventually got it right.

The usher stood with his back against the door to watch a few scenes of the movie.

"Shit, that was close!" I whispered in 'Mike's' ear.

"I know, I still want to fuck you so bad right now though!"

"We can't do it here!"

I could sense 'Mike's' frustration. The usher's bad timing ruined our wonderfully kinky moment. Needless to say, I wanted her to fuck me just as bad.

"I have an idea. Come with me," she whispered hurriedly before pulling me to my feet and leading me outside towards the ladies' room. She pulled me inside. One of the three cubicles was designated for disabled women, and she pulled me into it. We began to make out much more passionately. I could feel the adrenaline coursing through my body. I hastily unbuckled her pants and pulled her cock out of the fly of her boxers. She would have none of it.

"Face the wall," ordered 'Mike'.

I assumed the position and felt her pull my panties down and off.

"Put your leg on the seat," she commanded. I had no choice but to obey.

She got on her knees behind me. I felt her pulling my cheeks apart and spitting on my hole a couple of times. Soon she was pushing one finger inside of me. I groaned quietly. I felt her slowly insert another finger. Then when she felt I was ready, she removed both fingers and stood up.

I looked back wondering why she stopped so suddenly. I was just in time to see her spitting on her cock. I watched as she rubbed the saliva all over her cock. She pushed my head against the cubicle wall as she guided her cock into my hole. I shuddered as she slowly began to push into me. After a few seconds my hole finally gave way. I moaned as the head entered my ass.

"FUCK!"

"Shh. Don't worry baby, I'll go slow," she whispered in my ear.

I winced as she eased her cock into me bit by bit. 'Mike' could tell from my expression that it hurt like hell without the lube. She pulled out a little before pushing in again slowly, and a little further this time. I winced again. 'Mike' was patient. She repeated this pulling-out-and-pushing-in motion a couple of times until she finally managed to get her cock all the way in to the hilt. She held on to me tightly as she slowly began to move. I was getting used to the size of her cock, and the pain of a few minutes earlier was slowly turning into toe-curling pleasure which was taking control of my entire body and mind.

"Fuck...yes...that feels so good..." I managed to moan..

"Yeah?"

"Yes, I love it!"

"You're such a slut! Taking it up your hole in a public place."

'Mike' continued to thrust slowly for a few minutes. The thrill of fucking in a restroom was driving me to new heights. I loved every minute of it.

"I want you to ride my cock," she whispered urgently.

I watched as she sat down on the toilet seat. I turned away from her and began to lower myself onto her, reaching behind me to guide her cock back into my sphincter. It hurt somewhat but not as much as my first introduction to the 8-inch dildo. I began to move up and down on her cock. This wasn't the most comfortable position to fuck in for me, but there was no stopping now. 'Mike' reached around and began jerking me off as I continued to fuck my ass on her cock.

"I'm about to cum," I moaned as my orgasm grew nearer.

She started to jerk me off faster. I continued to ride her. I closed my eyes tight as my orgasm rolled over me and I started to cum. I looked down and saw that 'Mike's' hand was covered in my cum, and that some of it had pooled at our feet.

I stopped moving as my orgasm died down. I finally got up and turned around to face 'Mike', as she smiled at me.

Silently, I grabbed my panties and pulled them back on as 'Mike' continued to clean up. She took my hand as she opened the stall door to see if the coast was clear. We walked out hand-in-hand and decided to give the rest of the movie a miss as we were both spent.

Later we sat silently in the car. I was replaying what had just happened. Michelle eventually turned to me, and leaned in to give me a kiss.

"That was the hottest thing ever!" she whispered against my lips. I could only smile.

"Maybe we should do it again sometime," she grinned wickedly, as she pulled away to fasten her seatbelt.

"Maybe," I said smiling, and settling back for the drive home. I had had a long and tiring day.

Michelle just laughed, as she put the car into gear and we drove off.

*-*-*

TO BE CONTINUED...

*-*-*

I hope that you enjoyed the story. I welcome positive feedback and criticism. Part 3 is now in the works and shouldn't take me long to write. If there is anything in particular you would like to see 'Jenny' & 'Mike' do in the next couple of planned installments, please do feel free to mention them in the comments or write to me through the contact on my profile.

*-*-*


'Jenny' & 'Mike': Fantasy Sunday
byhfernandez1983©

This is the third chapter in the 'Jenny' & 'Mike' series. If you haven't read the first two chapters 'Jenny' & 'Mike': Date Night and 'Jenny' & 'Mike': A Day Out, then please do check them out. As already stated, my interest in pegging was the starting point of this series. It has since developed into more of an exploration of 'Gender Play' with our happy couple enjoying reversing their gender roles.

NOTE: I would like to thank CJ_ED, Lord Dark Star, Mistress Joanna, shygirlwhore and Minnie & John for editing my story.

*-*-*

CHARACTERS:

James Winchester / Jenny

Michelle Winchester / Mike

Carmen

NOTE: This installment is told from Michelle and James's points of view.

*-*-*

MICHELLE'S POV

The alarm was buzzing, and I couldn't understand why. We never set it to go off on Sundays. I tried to open my eyes as best as I could. It was only 9 a.m.! I reached over and tried to shut the darn thing off. After a couple of failed attempts, I finally found my target. The awful noise stopped. I turned around realized that James was no longer in the bed with me.

"James?"

No answer. I got out of bed and headed for the bathroom, certain he'd be in the shower. I was surprised to find it empty. "James?" I called out again. Still no answer.

I put on my slippers and headed downstairs. Maybe he was preparing breakfast. I could do with a cup of coffee, I thought to myself.

I was still daydreaming of the cup of coffee I would soon be having, when I stopped in my tracks. James was certainly not in the kitchen. 'Jenny' was.

"Oh, Good morning Mr. Winchester," she said, turning from the kitchen counter where she was brewing the coffee that was on my mind a few moments earlier.

My jaw dropped as I got a good look at her. She was dressed in a maid's uniform consisting of a black shirt with sheer sleeves and a black ruffled petticoat over which she wore a white pinafore with black polka dots. Her legs were covered in thigh-high fishnet stockings held up by garters. The stocking-tops were clearly visible under the short hem of the dress. On her feet, she wore highly impractical four-inch pink patent leather heels. I could not help but appreciate the ruffled white French maid's headpiece with the jaunty pink bow on top. Such attention to detail!

"Mr. Winchester?" she asked me again, rousing me out of my daze.

"Uhm... sorry. Yes?" I managed finally.

"I'm Jenny, the new maid. Your wife has gone out for a bit to run some urgent errands. She'll be back in a few hours."

"My wife?" I asked, confused.

"Yes sir. Your wife. Mrs. Winchester," she replied, a devious smile creeping up on her face.

"Oh... Oh... yes. Okay," I managed, my sleep sodden mind finally catching on to what was happening. James was in character. He had certainly been quick to act on the role-play idea we had discussed the day before. A slow smile spread across my face as I began to look 'Jenny' up and down.

"Mrs. Winchester asked me to give you this note when you came down," she said, stepping closer and handing me the note.

I took it, all the while eyeing her up and down.

Dear Mike,

Enjoy some breakfast. Take a shower. Stay in character until the end and enjoy!

Xoxo

Jenny

"Did she say when she'll be back?" I asked, finally getting into character too.

"She didn't say, but she did tell me to serve you breakfast and take care of a few things around the house," our 'new maid' responded.

"Okay," I replied, taking a seat at the table.

While 'Jenny' prepared my breakfast as instructed, I continued to leer at her from where I was seated at the table. Her uniform left nothing to the imagination! This was going to be fun!

"So, how long have you been working for my wife?"

"It's been a week now, Mr. Winchester."

Mr. Winchester! She was going all out and I loved it!

"Why have I never seen you before?"

"I usually come in the mornings around 9 a.m., sir."

"Right after I leave, huh? And what time do you usually leave?"

"Usually around 2 p.m., sir."

"So you leave before I come home then."

"Yes, Mr. Winchester."

"Do you always dress like this?" I asked with a raised eyebrow and a nod towards her outfit.

"In uniform? Yes, sir. I had nothing else to wear today, so I had to wear this one, Mr. Winchester," she said, with a coy smile. "I am usually dressed a little more conservatively."

"Well, you look very nice today. Very sexy," I said, openly leering at her now.

While we were talking she had been busy preparing a plate of blueberry pancakes which she now placed before me with a fork and napkin.

"These look delicious." I was famished and couldn't wait to take a bite.

"Thank you, Mr. Winchester. Will you be needing anything else?"

"Not for now. Thank you Jenny."

"Then I'll start with the chores around the house. Please let me know if you should need anything."

"Oh, I will," I replied with a naughty grin.

I wolfed down my breakfast, and then headed upstairs for a shower. I knew I was going to get some of that precious ass soon.

I didn't waste any time in the shower. Soon I was standing in front of the full-length mirror in my dressing room, putting on my white tank binder to create the illusion of a flat chest. Next, I put on the Joque harness that still had the eight-inch Bandit dildo attached to it. The bigger dildo would have to wait until later. I selected a blue dress shirt, beige trousers and a pair of brown leather loafers. Lastly, I drew my hair back in a tight pony tail.

Downstairs in the living room, 'Jenny' was busy with James's usual chores. I sat down on the couch, grabbed the TV remote control and began flipping through channels. Soon 'Jenny' began tidying the area around the television. When she was directly in front of me, facing the television, she bent over giving me a full view of her stockings, garters and thong-covered ass. If I had a real cock, that sight would definitely have left me rock-hard.

Still bent-over, she turned her head slightly to give me a cheeky smile as she continued dusting around the television set. She was clearly treating me to her own show. I began to squirm in my seat. It seemed her activities were designed to put her ass on display rather than ensuring that the living room was left spotless. With an innocent expression on her face, she straightened up and walked over towards the couches. Her little show had left me quite breathless.

"So, Jenny, where are you from?" I asked, trying to start up a conversation despite all hot and bothered after the little tease's sexy show.

"Oh, I'm originally from France, Mr. Winchester. I recently came here in the hope of finding some work."

"And do you like it here so far?"

"Oh, I like it very much so far, sir."

"Do you live alone?"

"No, sir. I live with a friend."

"A boyfriend?"

"No, Mr. Winchester. I share a place with another girl."

"You're so pretty, how come you don't have a boyfriend?"

"My work keeps me very busy, Mr. Winchester. My social life is kind of non-existent right now."

"That's too bad. I hope you're getting paid well for all the hours you're spending at work."

"The pay is okay, sir."

"Just 'okay'? Doesn't Mrs. Winchester pay you enough?"

"She is a nice person, sir, and I do get paid very well. Only, I get paid at the end of every week but I need some money quite urgently today. I was hoping she could pay me today. I just hope she will be back on time so that we can discuss the possibility of that."

"What if I could help you with that?" I asked, grinning.

"You could?"

"I would. But you would have to do something for me in return."

"What do you mean?"

I got up and walked up to her, getting really close. I could tell her breathing was becoming erratic.

"What are you doing, Mr. Winchester?" she asked, appearing a little scared.

I began to touch and caress her body. She shivered. In anticipation?

"What does it look like I'm doing?" I asked, grinning. I pulled her closer to me. She gasped. I looked into her uncertain eyes as I pulled her head closer and planted one on her lips, while running my hands over her stocking-clad thighs. We kissed for a few seconds. She whimpered, and then pushed me away.

"Mr. Winchester! I can't do this!" she said, after pushing me away and trying in vain to pull her much too short dress over her thighs.

"Of course you can, sweetheart. You give me what I want, and I'll make sure you get what you want. And I could tell that you were starting to enjoy yourself. Don't fight it." I pulled her in for another kiss and this time her lips parted almost immediately. She began moaning into my mouth as our kiss deepened, but then she pulled away again.

"But...but...Mrs. Winchester...." she said sounding a little uncertain, maybe even frightened. She pushed against my shoulders, trying to get out of my embrace.

"She doesn't need to know about this," I said grabbing her ass and pushing her hard against the hard-on in my pants.

"Y-y-you promise to help me?" she asked, looking into my eyes almost pleadingly.

"Of course," I said, caressing her ass more firmly.

"O-o-okay," she said, still shivering.

"Good, let's go upstairs. I think we'll be much more comfortable there."

I kept my hand on her ass, caressing it as we walked up the stairs towards the bedroom I shared with 'Mrs Winchester'. In the bedroom, I pulled her into me roughly, and started kissing her with much more force than I had a few minutes earlier. She resisted a bit at first, but slowly relaxed as our kiss grew more passionate. Just as I could feel that she was returning my kiss, I turned her around and held her tightly with her back against me and began kissing her neck, all the while running my hands over her silky stocking-clad things and towards her crotch. By the time I reached her thong I could tell she was very turned on. I slipped my hands inside them and began stroking her cock slowly.

She started moaning and whimpering almost immediately. I was beginning to get turned on by how responsive and vulnerable she was to my touch and caress. I lifted the back of her pinafore and pressed her almost bare bottom against my own hard-on.

"Can you feel that? You have me so fucking hard," I whispered into her ear. "I suspect that you were teasing me deliberately when we were downstairs."

"I wasn't, sir."

"You're a little liar. But do you know what? Your body doesn't lie," I whispered , grabbing her neck more firmly.

She shuddered as I continued to play with her cock, teasing her a little longer. When I finally let her go, I turned her around, and pushed her onto the bed. She watched me approach her with lust in her eyes. When I reached where she was lying on the bed, I shoved my crotch in her face.

"You know what to do," I whispered, grinning at her wickedly.

She didn't need any further invitation. She reached up, unbuckled my belt and began pushing my pants down to my ankles. I slipped off my shoes to make her job a little easier, and watched while she slipped first my left, and then my right leg out of my pants. I loved what she looked like as she finally settled back onto the bed, her face inches away from my eight-inch bulge, which was still covered by my boxers. She began stroking her hand over its boxer-covered length gently.

"Don't be a tease now," I whispered, gently goading her.

She looked up at me shyly as she pulled my boxers down to my knees. My cock sprang up and smacked her in the face.

I loved the look of surprise in her eyes.

"It...it...it's so big!"

"It's all for you. Now take it in your mouth," I said, tilting my hips foward and pushing my cock towards her lips.

She looked up at me as she grabbed a hold of it, slipped the tip between her bright pink lipstick-covered lips, and gave it a sneaky lick. Finally, she took the head between her lips, sucking and licking it. I thought I'd die of excitement, when she licked her tongue all the way to the base and then back up the shaft before focusing her attention on the head. She teased me like this for a few minutes, before taking my entire length in her mouth.

"That's it, slut! Suck my big hard cock."

She moaned in answer, and wrapped her hand around my cock, pumping it with her hand while her mouth was still sucking on it furiously. I pulled my cock out of her mouth. I loved her lipstick-smeared lips, and the traces it left on my cock.

"You like sucking on my cock?" I asked, grabbing her head.

"Yes, sir," she replied eagerly. I forced my cock into her mouth again, and held her head in place for a few seconds, my cock deep in her throat. Just as she began gasping for air, I released her.

"You like sucking big dicks, slut?"

"Yes sir."

"I can tell that you do. I bet you do this with all your other employers' husbands too."

I pulled her down onto my cock, forcing her to deep-throat me again. This time, I held her in place for a little longer. She tried to breathe but the effort only resulted in her mouth becoming messy with her own saliva.

I hurriedly removed my boxers, which were still crumpled around my thighs and knelt beside her on the bed. I grabbed her head again, and pushed my cock into her mouth once more. She reached behind me to stroke my ass as I face-fucked her. Her eyes were glued on mine as I worked my cock in and out her mouth. I could tell that she loved being treated like a whore.

After a few minutes of rough face-fucking, I decided that she had had enough. We needed to get down to the real action. I pulled out of her mouth and roughly turned her around so that she was on her knees with her ass towards me. I lifted her petticoat and pulled her panties down. I loved the sight of them around her thighs. I reached over to the nightstand and grabbed some lube from one of the drawers. She moaned softly as I squeezed a generous amount along the crack of her ass. She was about to get the best fuck of her life and I didn't want to go in raw. I slathered my cock in lube too, and then aimed it at her asshole. She whimpered as she felt the tip touch her hole, and groaned as I gently pushed the head inside.

I leaned closer, pressing my chest against her back, careful not to push all the way into her just yet.

"Time to get fucked like the slut you are!"

She moaned as I pushed my entire length inside her. I placed my hands on her hips and held her in place.

"Guess I over-estimated my size, eh? Seeing how easily you're taking it, it clearly isn't the biggest you've had," I said with a laugh.

I began to pump into her slowly. Soon she was moaning in pleasure as I continued to move my cock in and out of her tight ass. I moved faster and faster, spurred on by how much she seemed to be enjoying what I was doing.

"Ahh... yesss," she moaned, pressing her face into the duvet.

I pushed her onto her stomach. The more she moaned and yelped the harder I fucked her.

"Tell me how much you love my cock you fucking slut!"

"Ohh goddd.....I love your cock, Mr. Winchester," she replied, clenching the duvet tightly with her fists.

I pulled out of her ass.

"Get on your back and get those panties off," I ordered, slapping her ass.

I watched as she did as she was told. I loved the sight of her pulling her panties off. I moved closer and lifted her legs up in the air, giving me a clear view of her asshole. A clear view and access of course. I once again aimed for her sphincter, and again pushed my entire length into her in one go. I grinned as she reached for her hard cock and began to jerk off as I fucked her. She was in complete ecstasy.

"This position is getting a bit boring for my taste. I'm paying you, remember? Time for you to get to work too," I said pulling out of her, before lying down on my back. I didn't have to explain what was expected of her. As soon as I was on my back, she was on top of me, guiding my cock into her well-used asshole with a hungry moan.

"Ooohhhhhh."

I grabbed her ass as she began to bounce up and down on my cock. I smacked both cheeks simultaneously and then grabbed hold of them roughly.

"Ride my cock, slut! Come on! Show me how well you can take that dick!"

She began to jerk off again, all the while riding me. I started to thrust into her, pumping my hips up and down.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" she screamed, as her body quivered.

Thick spurts of cum were spewing from her cock. I began to fuck her like a man possessed, and only stopped when she was finally completely spent. She lifted herself off me, and fell onto the bed.

Sprawled on my back, I heard the heavy breathing of someone who had just been fucked really hard. Finally James opened his eyes, and turned his head towards me. He broke into a smile.

"Oh. My. God!" he said, still trying to catch his breath.

"I take it you enjoyed that?"

"I loved it!"

"I'm happy to hear that. At one point I thought I was being a little too rough. But when I started to shove my cock into your mouth, your eyes told me a different story," I said, stroking his cheek.

"I loved the way you took charge," he said, resting his cheek on my hand.

I grinned and moved over to lie with my chest over his so I could look at him. We began making out passionately, my big dildo rubbing against his spent and flaccid cock.

"So, what do you want to do now?" I asked, after letting go of his bottom lip, which I had been nibbling on.

"I don't know about you, but I am kind of famished and a little tired," he said, stifling a yawn.

"That does not surprise me—you worked up quite an appetite!" I said, grinning. "Do you want to stay in or shall we go out?"

"It would be nice to give Capri, in the Valley a try."

"Then we'd better get ready," I said, jumping off the bed and starting to unbutton my shirt. "I don't need to shower. I think I'll just change into something a little more comfortable. Are you changing?" I asked mock-innocently.

"I think that might be best," he replied, deadpan.

*-*-*

JAMES's POV

That definitely bagged a place in the top five sexual encounters I've had with Michelle. Just thinking about the whole thing got me hard again, but we're going out, so I guess that will have to wait. And I was starving, and quite looking forward to our date at Capri. Plus, I felt super sexy in the stretch denim skirt with the lace trim which I had paired with a short-sleeved red cotton top. This might seem like a boring choice. But underneath, I was hiding a black silk bra and panty set. Before rushing downstairs to meet 'Mike', I quickly slipped on the black leather three-inch strappy heels I loved wearing with this outfit.

'Mike' was looking very handsome, sitting on the couch absent-mindedly playing with his phone. Like me, he had opted for a casual and relaxed look—a black T-shirt and knee length cargo shorts, with black leather loafers.

"You look gorgeous, babe," he said, getting up after hearing me coming down the stairs.

"Thank you, you're not looking too bad yourself," I said, running my hands from his flat chest—Michelle always wore the binder in character—towards his crotch. I pulled him in for a little kiss to which he responded by squeezing my butt.

"Wasn't that fuck enough for you?" I teased.

"Baby, you look so sexy dressed like that. You must know that it makes me ache for you."

"Yeah? Are you telling me that I light your fire?" I teased, reaching down between our bodies to rub at his crotch.

"You're sooo baaaddd," she said, laughing softly as she leaned in for another kiss.

I giggled and pulled away from him. If we got too carried away, we would never leave!

"So, I was thinking. You didn't do any shopping for yourself yesterday, so maybe we should hit the shops again today?" he suggested.

"Most of the stores don't have my sizes," I reminded him.

"Well, I did a bit of investigating and I think we should check out a store close to the Valley which might just have what you're looking for."

"That sounds good to me." Though to be honest, I didn't have much hope.

"After, we can head out to Capri and finally grab some lunch," she said as we locked up and headed out to the car.

The shop was called Curves, and certainly sounded promising. But for a shop assistant who was busily tapping away at the computer behind a counter, the store was practically empty.

'Mike' and I had a look around. There were so many clothing options in many different styles. They had everything from cute little tops, jeans and skirts, to formal office wear. The store mostly catered for plus-sized women, but not everything looked big size-wise. It wasn't long before I found some things that were in the style I preferred. A white knee-length stretch lace dress with coral lining in particular caught my eye. It looked more classy than skimpy.

"I bet you'd look nice in that," said 'Mike', whose eye had clearly caught the same dress.

"Should I try it on?"

"We should definitely set it aside for trying on. But let's add some less casual outfits too."

"What did you have in mind?" I asked, curious about where her mind was heading.

"Maybe something smart for an evening out. Like for dinner... or a night out at a club."

"A club?"

"Yeah why not? I can tell that you're more comfortable about going out in public. I thought that we should go to a nice club sometime. We could have some good fun there, you know," he said, smiling reassuringly.

"I am more comfortable now, yes. It's great going out for a nice quiet date at a good restaurant or maybe going to the movies. But clubbing? Why do you want to go clubbing?" I asked.

"Come on, babe. I would love to take you dancing." He moved in close to me, wrapping his hands around my waist, "I'd like to show off my sexy little kitten, you know."

"Sexy little kitten, huh?" I couldn't stifle a laugh at that expression!

"What's so funny?"

"Who would want to look at me?" I asked shyly. Although, over the years, I had learnt a lot about dressing up and working with make-up, I still thought of myself as a bit unattractive as a woman. Dressing up as 'Jenny' was great and knowing that Michelle wanted me as 'Jenny' made me fall in love with her all over again every time I'm in character. So, my self-confidence was still not at a point where I felt I could dress up and go to a club where everyone would be sizing everyone else up, looking for hook-ups.

"What are you talking about?" he said, grabbing me. "You look great dressed up—beautiful and striking. Plus, there are so many clubs here in the Valley where people would simply not bat an eye! Remember this part of our lives is about exploration and, most importantly, fun!!"

I looked at him and feigned a smile.

"Please? For me?" he wheedled. He knew that line always got to me. He knew how important making her happy was to me. That line, with that sweet and innocent smile, turned me to putty.

"Okay, okay. You win," I said, hands held up in the air. "Let's look around for a suitable outfit. But nothing too revealing, okay?"

His eyes twinkled as he drew me in for a hug and kissed me. He reminded me of a kid who had just been told that he'd be taken to a candy store and could choose whatever treat he wanted! We immediately headed for the more formal section, and began sifting through some club-appropriate garments. I made some selections, and headed for the changing rooms. 'Mike' was on a mission and stayed behind, still sifting through the dresses.

The lace dress fit me perfectly and was definitely a keeper. Unfortunately, the other outfits left me a little cold. A red dress that I really liked on its hanger seemed kind of tight on me. Another white and beige dress also didn't make the grade. 'Mike' was waiting for me, as I made my way outside the changing room.

"What is all this?" I asked, looking at him standing there with an armful of dresses.

"Try them on, I think you'd look great in practically all of them," he said, taking the dresses I rejected from me, and shoving his into my arms.

I inspected his choices. Most were really short, and looked like they would barely reach my knees. A couple were much more sophisticated and classy, and would probably end just below my knees. They wouldn't raise any eyebrows when we were out an about. I preferred to keep a low profile and her choice of dresses would definitely make me stand out in a crowd. I handed the ones that looked too revealing back to him. "No. No. No. No and no," I said decisively as I rejected each one.

"That's more than half the stuff I got out for you!" he exclaimed incredulously.

"They are definitely too short and revealing," I replied businesslike. I would not budge. "But these ones," I said, nodding towards the ones I had selected, "tick all my boxes. They're very sexy, and classy."

"But... but you'd look so sexy in these..." she said, trying to convince me.

"No buts!" I replied coolly as I made my back into the changing room.

I had picked out four dresses from the lot 'Mike' had chosen for me to try on. Two were a really good fit and looked fabulous on me. Because it was always so tricky to get outfits for 'Jenny' it seemed sensible to get all the dresses I had found looked lovely on me.

Capri was a quaint little place not too far from Curves. The atmosphere was homey, and at that time of the day it was not too busy and crowded. The charming young waiter who greeted us at the door, showed us to a table more or less in the middle of the restaurant.

"I'm Justin and I will be your server today," he said as he seated us and handed us our menus. "Just let me know whenever you are ready to place your order. In the meantime, may I take your drinks order?"

"I'll have a lemon iced tea, please," I said, hoping they'd have it available.

"I'll have the same," said 'Mike'.

After he left our table to get drinks, we studied the menu. I eventually opted for the mushroom risotto, and 'Mike' for the chicken fungi.

We sipped our drinks and began chatting about the usual sorts of stuff. The waiter brought our lunch, which looked and smelled absolutely delicious.

"Oh my God, you have to try this risotto," I said, savoring the first bite.

Michelle leaned over and took a bite from my plate, "You're right! This could be the best risotto I've ever had. Good choice, babe!"

"Your chicken fungi doesn't look too bad either."

"It's lovely actually," he said, heaping a good-sized serving onto his fork and leaning over to feed it to me.

"Tender. And the sauce is just creamy enough. Not too rich. Excellent!" I said, taking a sip of the lemon iced-tea we had ordered.

The lovely atmosphere and the delicious food made for a very chilled afternoon. 'Mike' and I were just chatting away when I saw a young and rather masculine-looking woman walking in our direction. Her blonde hair was cut short and looked shaggy. Her somewhat masculine but still very lean figure was dressed in a black AC/DC t-shirt and tight fitting black denim jeans. She flashed me a smile as she neared our table.

"Hey," she said softly, as she brushed me lightly as she passed. I smiled and nodded in her direction, and couldn't stop myself turning slightly to watch her move towards a table a little behind me.

"What was that?" asked 'Mike', grinning slightly. If I didn't know any better, I could sense a hint of jealousy in his voice.

"What was what?" I said, looking up at him questioningly.

"That ," she emphasized nodding slightly in the direction the girl had gone. "That 'hey', and that smile."

"What? I was just being nice."

"You were checking her out," he said, grinning. He took a bite of the chicken, but didn't take his eyes off me.

"I was not!"

"You were. You're getting all defensive because you got caught." He couldn't even conceal his amusement now.

"Whatever."

We ate in silence for a while. Eventually he looked up at me, all smiles. "Why don't you go talk to her?"

"What?"

"Yeah, go over and talk to her," he said, putting his fork down and peering into my eyes. I could have sworn he was daring me to go and talk to the girl.

I couldn't believe it.

"Don't be such a girl," he teased. "Besides, maybe we could sandwich you between us," he said, breaking into soft laughter again.

"What?" 'Mike' never ceases to amaze me. "No!"

"Oh come on! Don't tell me you're never thought about a little two-on-one action," he said, lowering his voice suggestively and leaning over to get closer to me.

I continued eating in silence, pretending to be totally ignoring her. But, of course I have thought about it. About 'Mike' and some other woman humping me into eternity. I've thought about it on many occasions. But Michelle was more than enough woman for me, and I have never seriously considered getting another woman to join us in bed.

"Come on now, I know you've thought about it," 'Mike' said now. Clearly he was not going to let this go.

"Maybe," I admitted, leaning back into my chair and fixing him with a stare.

"I knew it!"

"And now you want to let the rest of the patrons in this restaurant know too?" I retorted drily, eyebrow raised.

He moved his empty plate aside and leaned in closer across the small round table. "I bet you would look sexy with a cock in your mouth while you take one in your ass," he whispered, his eyes not leaving mine.

"Could we drop this, please?" I asked, feeling uncomfortable and a little annoyed.

"No. I think we should talk about it now," he said, with a teasing twinkle in his eye. I knew that look—this conversation was exciting 'Mike'.

"This is hardly the place," I said, looking around to see if anyone might be listening to this sordid conversation.

"It's as good a place as any," 'Mike' replied. He sounded almost demanding. Clearly he was not going to let this go at all.

"No!" I replied, being equally insistent.

"Okay. But at least tell me what you've thought about," he asked, changing tact.

"Fine," I said, surrendering. "I sometimes fantasize about me with you and another woman dressed like that."

"Well, that's a bit vague. Your fantasy must be more detailed. Come on. It's me," he said with an encouraging wink.

"Well obviously she is feminine like Michelle, but good at pretending to be masculine when the situation demands it," I explained, moving my plate to the side too and leaning on my elbows, looking at 'Mike'. I could almost see his imagination churning away.

"Okay. I'm just playing around with an idea, so don't become all alarmed now," he said looking straight at me. "Would Carmen fit the description?"

I was silent for a while, trying to figure out who she was talking about. Then the penny dropped.

"That girl from the adult store we visited yesterday?" I asked, incredulous.

"You remember her!"

"Well, we just met her yesterday. Why did you think of her all of a sudden?" Like Michelle, 'Mike' never just has an idea. I was a little suspicious.

"Just like that" Clearly he was not going to give anything away.

"Well, it's just a fantasy," I said. "I certainly don't expect you to invite anyone else into our bed. We're doing fine by ourselves."

"I know, babe," he said, softly squeezing my hand.

"Speaking of fantasies, what have you got planned for tonight?" I asked now, eager to change the topic.

"You'll just have to wait and see," he teased, stroking my palm with his thumb and not breaking eye contact.

"Well, that's not fair. I told you about this threesome thing. The least you can do is to tell me what you have planned for tonight?"

"Okay," he replied, looking at me warily. "Don't freak out but I kind of want you to dress up like a hooker for me," he said in a rush, before taking a sip of his drink and looking up at me, waiting for my response.

"You want me to do what?" I gasped, shocked.

"I want you to dress up like a hooker for me. We can role-play it. I'll pick you up on a street corner and..."

"Whoa, whoa, whoa," I said, raising my hands and gesturing for him to stop." What is this about me standing on a street corner so that you can pick me up like I'm a hooker?" Yes, we were quite adventurous, but this was starting to scare me. I'd be the one standing on that street corner!

"I mean, I'll drop you off at a street corner, drive around the block, and pick you up there again. It'll be a role-play, like this morning. You enjoyed that."

I was speechless. What he suggested sounded risky, not to mention dangerous. What happened that morning happened in the safety of our home. What we're talking about now was something else.

"It could be really hot, babe."

"I don't think so." I sat back and looked him in the eye.

"Please. Please, please, please!" he begged, all puppy-dog eyes again. But I won't be so easily convinced this time.

"I don't think so."

"Oh, okay," he said, disappointment clear on his face.

The topic had dealt our pleasurable outing a fatal blow. We sat quietly for the remainder of the meal, and drove home in silence. Hell, we hardly spoke for the remainder of the day. Back at home, Michelle crashed on the couch in front of the TV, and stayed there for most of the afternoon. I took care of some office work first, and then some chores around the house while she barely moved from the couch. The silence became deafening. We even had dinner in virtual silence.

After I had cleared the dinner table, Michelle immediately headed back to the living room. This was just too much. I couldn't allow it to go on for any longer. I headed to the living room, and sat down next to her.

"So, can I atleast see this outfit?" I asked gingerly, testing the waters.

"What's the point, you won't do it," she said sulkily, flipping through the channels.

"I'll do it," I finally said, dejectedly. Her face lit up immediately. She stared at me incredulously, grinning from ear to ear.

"You will?"

"I will, but I want to see what you want me to wear."

"It's upstairs." Her excitement was palpable.

"Well, let's go see it."

She leaned over and kissed me on the cheek before taking my hand and leading me up the stairs.

In the bedroom, I opened the bag she handed to me. Well this would be a first. I had never before worn a halter top, much less a golden one. A tiny leopard print mini skirt, a shiny thick black belt, black fishnet stockings and a pair of rather sleazy high heel sandals completed the costume.

"This skirt seems fitting, but far shorter and skimpier than anything I've ever worn in public," I said rather sternly, as I settled on the bed the garments spread out before me.

"Babe, we did your surprise thing this morning," she reminded me gently. "Now it's my turn. Besides, we agreed that we would fulfill each other's fantasies. I stuck to my end of the bargain."

"I know. But bear in mind that we played in the safety of our home this morning," I reminded her. "Plus, to be fair and given its nature, we should have discussed the pros and cons of your fantasy before you settled on it so firmly."

Her face dropped again.

"Okay, if you don't want to do it, it's fine," she said, sulking again.

She was obviously manipulating me emotionally. I never know what to do when she is like this. What she was suggesting was risqué at best and downright dangerous at worst. What if other men approached me while she was driving around the block! What about the cops!

"Honey, I just think that it is way too risky to stand on a street corner dressed like that and pretending to be a hooker. What if the cops come and things get out of hand?" I asked, hoping that she would be reasonable.

"I had thought about it. And the area I have in mind is pretty safe. But if you'd rather not, we can forget about it." More sulking.

"Okay. Fine, I'll do it," I sighed, relenting. I couldn't stand the idea of her sulking like this for God knows how long.

"You will?" The smile was back now, and the sulking over.

"Yes, but only if we go to a safe place, and only if I don't have to stand there for more than a few minutes."

"Don't worry. Everything will be okay. I won't do anything that places you at risk. You should know that."

"Okay." I was still incredibly nervous about the whole thing.

She moved to stand between my legs where I sat on the bed. She bent down to give me a kiss.

"So... shall we get ready?" She couldn't even conceal her excitement.

An hour later I looked like a cheap and slutty whore. Michelle did my make-up this time, and she wasn't aiming for subtlety. I hardly recognized myself, when I looked at what she had done. The scarlet lips said it all. I was a whore.

"Slutty." she said almost to herself, as she looked me up and down.

"You're enjoying this a little too much, aren't you?" I asked, frowning a little.

"Oh babe, I'm just teasing," she said, wrapping her arms around me comfortingly.

It was 11 P.M. by the time we headed out to the car.

'Mike' was wearing a plain white T-shirt with blue denim cut-off jeans and a leather jacket. Before she got dressed, Michelle had strapped on her new Joque harness before attaching the new 9-inch Outlaw dildo to it. The size made me nervous, but judging by the wicked grin she had on her face when she strapped it on, excited her very much. 'Mike' was going commando tonight.

We were heading towards the Valley again. 'Mike' took an exit to a neighborhood of townhouses. It looked pretty quiet and peaceful. He brought the car to a halt and parked near an old convenience store which, at 11:30 p.m. was closed.

"Stay here while a take a look around outside, okay? I'll be right back," he said, getting out of the car.

Once 'Mike' had returned and gotten back into the car, I took a deep breath, unlocked the car door and stepped out onto the sidewalk. He lowered the passenger window, and peered at me. "Don't be nervous. It's late and I don't think anybody will spot you. You will be fine. Just remember, stay in character no matter what, okay?"

I nodded, and crossed the road slowly, still looking around carefully, in case someone else was out at this time of the night. I selected a spot that wasn't as well-lit as some of the other parts of the road. I felt a little safer in the shadows. My mind was racing and I felt my heart beating like a drum inside my chest

'Mike' drove off, and I was left all alone. I was nervous as hell, but must admit that there was a small part of me that was beginning to feel excited. I have fantasized about being used by 'Mike' like I was a whore, but had never told Michelle about it. Now these fantasies were about to come alive.

After checking my watch for the third time, I realized that fifteen minutes had gone by. The car was nowhere in sight. Worry was starting to creep in, and I pulled out my phone to text 'Mike'. He replied saying that he had taken a wrong turn and gotten a bit lost. He promised to be back soon. Another fifteen minutes went by before I finally spotted the car. "Thank God!" I thought.

I straightened up, feeling somewhat safer and somewhat more confident. I started walking towards the car, strutting sexily. I walked over to the driver's side and peered into the tinted windows. I rapped on the driver's window. 'Mike' rolled down the window and smiled at me.

"Hey sugar, you looking for a date?" I asked in a sexy voice.

"Yeah. Sure, how much?" he asked, grinning.

"Depends."

"On?"

"On what you would like tonight, baby."

He reached over to the console and lowered the window behind him.

"Well, how much would it cost to entertain two of us?" he asked with a grin.

I froze. I peered through the window at the seat behind her. Carmen, the girl from the sex store we visited the day before, smiled up at me. She winked. I was completely taken by surprise. I didn't know how to react. I looked at 'Mike', wanting some sort of explanation. He just smiled.

"Go along with it," he said, hoping to reassure me.

So this was why the threesome and Carmen came up earlier that day. He had been thinking about this all along.

Although I was taken by surprise, the thought of a threesome with the two of them was really exciting. I took a closer look at Carmen. Like Michelle she was dressed like a man. She had on a tight black tank top over which she wore an open red shirt. Even though she was seated and it was quite dark, I imagined that her black jeans were skintight.

"So? Are you game?" 'Mike' asked .

I wasn't sure whether 'Mike' was talking to 'Jenny' the whore, or to James.

I straightened up and decided to just roll with it. Hell, I had fantasized about this a bunch of times and clearly Michelle seemed to want to do it as well. So I held my head high and added a touch of attitude to my persona. "Since there are two of you, it'll be $200."

"Make it $150 and you can get in," 'Mike' answered somewhat impatiently.

I raised an eyebrow, pretending that I wasn't interested.

"Come on baby, my friend just got into town and I promised him a good time."

Carmen moved a little closer to the window. "Yeah sugar, come on. We'll show you a good time."

"Okay, but I want to get paid first," I said, all business-like.

'Mike' handed me the money, and I slipped it into my purse. I walked around the car and got in next to Carmen. As we drove off, Carmen moved a little closer.

We stopped at a traffic light and I saw 'Mike' peering at me in the rearview mirror. "I'm Mike and this is my friend Carlos."

"Nice to meet you," I said smiling at 'Carlos'

"Damn 'Mike', you picked up a good one."

I smiled and 'Carlos' moved even closer to me. He put an arm around me, and started to caress my thigh with the other. I ran my hands up his thigh, moving it all the way to his crotch. The bulge in his pants took my breath away. I looked in the rearview mirror. 'Mike' was smiling.

"Say, why don't you guys get this party started, while I drive?" he said, peering at us in the mirror.

I looked over at 'Carlos'. He looked at me questioningly. Damn, he was sexy. I certainly did want to get the party started. I moved in even closer.

I was enthralled as I watched 'Carlos' unzip his pants and pull out his big black cock. It looked very familiar, very similar to the one I knew 'Mike' had hidden away in his pants. 'Carlos' smiled at me and began stroking himself.

"You can take it in your mouth, sweetie," he said, after a while.

I took his cock in my hand. I felt its weight and closed my fingers around it. I leaned over towards his crotch and took the head into my mouth. I began sucking on it, sucking on a complete stranger's cock. This was only the second cock I had ever blown.

"That's nice, honey," he sighed, starting to caress my shoulder encouragingly. I loved that he loved what I was doing and sucked him even deeper, almost gagging.

"That's it baby girl, suck his big dick," said 'Mike', clearly enjoying the show.

I continued to stroke and lick his lovely big black cock. I traced my tongue all the way from the base to the head.

"You do it like a pro, sweetie," said 'Carlos', laughing softly. I could only mumble a 'thank you' as I continued to earn the money they'd paid me.

"So, where should we take her 'Mike'?" asked 'Carlos' after a while, his hand stroking my hair absent-mindedly.

"I know this little motel not too far from here. We can get a room and continue the party there."

Their talk was getting me excited. My cock was hard inside my panties

We had been driving around for what seemed like quite a while, but could really only have been ten minutes, when 'Mike' finally parked the car.

"We're here," he said, as he got out of the car. For the first time I saw the small fanny pack he had with him.

I straightened up, and looked out of the window. The motel looked cheap and sleazy, the kind of place guys took hookers to. 'Carlos' still had his cock out and was stroking it. He smiled at me wickedly. After a few seconds he got out of the car too. His cock was still out! I couldn't take my eyes off it as he reached his hand into the car to help me out.

The area around the motel was dark, which added to the sleazy atmosphere. 'Carlos' pulled me closer as the three of us walked towards reception. He grabbed my ass as 'Mike' approached the desk.

The place looked deserted. It was definitely not clean either. The young man at the desk looked like he was in his early twenties.

"Could we get a room, please?" asked 'Mike'.

The young man looked at us, and got up. 'Carlos' immediately pulled me close, and began kissing me. He hiked up my skirt a little, to caress my ass, while grabbing one of my hands and putting it on his still-exposed cock.

"Stroke my dick, baby. Keep it hard," he whispered in my ear.

I returned his kiss and began to stroke his big cock. He pulled away after a few seconds but continued to grope me while I continued to jerk him off. The poor boy's jaw had dropped. 'Mike' turned around to see what it was that had caught his attention. He grinned at us before turning back to the blushing young man.

"Sorry, my friends are a little horny," he said, without batting an eye. "So? The room? Please."

"It'll be $20," the young man stuttered.

'Mike' paid and was handed a key. The young man kept his eyes on 'Carlos' and I throughout the entire transaction.

'Mike' came over to us, smiling and slapped my ass. "Let's go, baby girl."

We didn't even reach the room. Halfway there, 'Mike' grabbed me and pinned me against the wall. I couldn't believe it. Right there in the filthy hall! He unzipped his fly, and freed the beast I had been thinking about earlier.

"Why don't you give my cock some attention now, baby," he said, pushing me to my knees on the filthy carpet.

I began to stroke him. After a while I finally took his cock into my mouth. I kept sucking on it feeling like a true whore. 'Carlos' couldn't keep his eyes off the scene. Soon he began to stroke his cock too.

"That's it, baby," said 'Mike', encouraging both of us it seemed.

'Carlos' moved closer to me and began to gently slap my face with his dick.

"She's a real fucking slut, this one," he said, laughing.

"I like sluts who do as they're told," said 'Mike'. He pulled out of my mouth, and began to smack his dick across my face too. All I could do was stay on my knees, helplessly taking what they were giving me.

"Let's see how far you can take it, baby," said 'Mike', grabbing my head and forcing his cock into my mouth. Soon I began to choke on his dick. Eventually, he released me so I could come up for air.

"Dude, I'm so fucking horny. Let's just go to the room and fuck the shit out of her," said 'Carlos'.

'Mike' pulled me to my feet and we started moving again. As soon as we were in the room I was pushed to my knees once again. Soon their cocks were poking at my face again. I began to suck and stroke 'Carlos' while 'Mike' jerked his own dick.

"Oh fuck yeah, you like that, baby," 'Carlos' moaned as I plied my trade.

"Come on now, don't be hogging my friend's dick. I need some attention here too, baby," said 'Mike' moving closer to me.

I switched to his cock, while jerking 'Carlos' with my hand. I was servicing them like a hooker who was good at her job. Soon I was moaning too.

"Looks like she's really hungry for it," said 'Carlos', laughing.

"Yeah, baby, take that cock down your throat. Jerk it, baby," 'Mike' shouted.

In no time I was alternating between sucking 'Carlos' and 'Mike'. Every time I took 'Carlos' in my mouth she force-fucked my mouth in the same way 'Mike' had earlier.

"So, who wants a go first?" I asked after a while, smiling mischieviously.

"Someone is eager for cock," said 'Mike'. "I think I'll let my buddy here go first."

They pulled me up to my feet, walked me to the bed and pushed me down on my back. I watched as they stripped down to their binders and strap-ons. 'Mike' got onto the bed next to me and pushed his cock into my mouth, while 'Carlos' hiked up my skirt and pulled my panties down.

"Lube's in here," said 'Mike' throwing the fanny pack towards 'Carlos'. In a flash he had found the lube and was applying it to my asshole. He started with just one finger and then slowly introduced a second and then a third. I had never taken three fingers before and it felt somewhat uncomfortable. Their cocks were quite huge and I needed some good foreplay to stretch me out before I took those monsters.

"You ready for me, baby?" asked 'Carlos' after a while.

I nodded.

He lifted my leg onto his shoulder and aimed his cock towards my hole. He pressed a little harder as my ass slowly gave way. The head went inside and he slowly began to insert his entire cock. I winced in pain—the cock was the largest I had ever had. 'Carlos' continued to push. 'Mike' held me in place, still fucking my throat. I felt the entire length of the cock entering my hole. 'Carlos' slowly pulled out and pushed in again a few times, helping me to get used to the length and girth. Once his whole length was inside me, he stayed in place for a few minutes. Then he began to fuck me.

'Mike' continued his assault on my mouth. I was gagging on his cock while 'Carlos' worked my ass over.

"Fuckkk... oh my God!" I screamed as the sensations took over.

"Yeah, that's it slut, take my cock," grunted 'Carlos'.

"Do you like that, baby? That big dick inside you?" asked 'Mike'.

"Yes! Yes! I love it!" I almost screamed my reply.

"My turn now," said 'Mike' as he flipped me over. I could hear the cock flopping out of my ass. I got on my hands and knees as 'Mike' lubed up his cock and pushed it inside me. 'Carlos' didn't waste any time, and soon his cock was in my mouth. I had never tried ass-to-mouth before. This certainly was a night of firsts! His cock tasted a little musky. But I had been paid, and I that meant I had to keep blowing him.

'Mike' grabbed my hips and began to pound into me really hard. Soon he was also spanking me.

"Ohhh... fuck... fuck... fuck..." I moaned, grabbing hold of the cock in my mouth, and jerking it off wildly.

"That's it. Take it bitch. Take my big dick," grunted 'Mike'.

"Oh fuck yeah, baby, you like that? Yeah!" moaned 'Carlos'.

"She does, doesn't she? She can't get enough," said 'Mike'.

"Is that right, slut? Can't get enough of cock, can ya?" asked 'Carlos'.

"I want more..." I managed to say, mouth and ass still filled to the max.

"Yeah, that's right, suck that cock, baby girl," said 'Carlos'.

I was in heaven! Here I was, dressed like a hooker, in a cheap sleazy motel, getting fucked like a cock loving bitch and it was glorious!

"Time to ride some dick," said 'Carlos'.

'Mike' pulled out of me as I got on top of 'Carlos' who was on his back on the bed. I guided his cock into my hole and began to ride him. 'Mike' stood up and shoved his cock into my mouth. I began to suck on him, sucking my ass juices of his cock. 'Carlos' started to smack my ass as I rode him enthusiastically while 'Mike' slapped his dick on my face.

I was enjoying everything they were throwing at me. 'Carlos' once again began to jerk me off. Huge waves of pleasure were coursing through my body. I loved being dominated in this way.

"I want you to ride my cock now, baby girl," said 'Mike'.

They swapped places. This time I was atop 'Mike'. 'Carlos' jerked his cock off in front of my face, as 'Mike' began to stroke me, his movements faster and faster. He could tell I was nearing my orgasm.

"Fuck! I'm cumming!" I screamed.

I began to spray cum all over 'Mike' and the bed. I felt like I was cumming for an eternity all the while riding 'Mike'. When I was spent, I collapsed on top of him.

After quite a few minutes, I looked around and saw both Michelle and Carmen grinning at me. Carmen was the first to speak.

"Fuck, that was so hot!" she said, grinning from ear to ear.

"Oh my God! It was!" I said, sweeping sweat off my brow.

"Did you like getting fucked by two cocks?" asked Michelle.

"Oh my God, you have no idea!"

Michelle laughed, "I knew you'd like it."

"But how did you manage to plan all this?" I asked.

"Well, when I went in to buy your costume, I got talking to Carmen. She said she had pegged guys before and she was game for a threesome!

"How could I not be up for it? It was so hot to hear that you might dress up like a hooker, I just couldn't say no!" quipped Carmen.

"So, this was all preplanned?"

"Yeah, but you enjoyed it, didn't you?" asked Michelle.

"I enjoyed all of it!"

"Good. So maybe you wouldn't mind if Carmen spent the day with us tomorrow?" asked Michelle.

I smiled, thinking of all of the possibilities the next day could bring.

*-*-*

'Jenny' & 'Mike': Romance & Threesomes
byhfernandez1983©

This is the fourth chapter in the 'Jenny' & 'Mike' series. If you haven't read the earlier chapters, then you may do so by clicking on my profile and reading them. They are listed in the following order:

    'Jenny' & 'Mike': Date Night


    'Jenny' & 'Mike': A Day Out


    'Jenny' & 'Mike': Fantasy Sunday



*-*-*

CHARACTERS:

James Winchester / Jenny

Michelle Winchester / Mike

NOTE: This story is written from James' POV

*-*-*

It was close to 10 a.m. and I was still in bed with Michelle sleeping peacefully next to me. Last night had taken quite a bit out of me. Having been used and fucked by two cocks was a huge turn-on. 'Mike' and 'Carlos' had given me quite a workout! I received the fucking of a lifetime. Sex with Michelle had always been great, but having a third person added a totally different edge. The only thing I regretted was that Michelle didn't cum. Although Michelle had had a great time too, it had all been about my pleasure. I was determined to show my gratitude.

I snuggled up to her where she was still sleeping with her back to me. I moved closer, and planted a gentle kiss on her shoulder.

"Mmmmmm. It's early," she groaned, objecting slightly.

I paid no heed and continued my kissing, my lips now moving up to her nape. Half awake now, Michelle turned around to face me. I smiled and gave her a gentle kiss on her lips.

I ran my hand up on the side of her leg, rubbing and caressing her. I pushed her onto her back and got on top of her. I knew I had her attention when I saw the longing in her eyes.

I kissed her again, this time more deeply, making my intentions abundantly clear. Michelle snaked her arms around my back, running her hands over my bare back and pulling me in close.

I moved my hands up between her legs. She let out a moan as my hand made contact. My fingers continued to tease her as our sensual kiss continued.

I moved my hand into her boxer shorts and began teasing her clit. She gasped as my fingers made contact with her sensitive little button. I broke our kiss, and looked into her eyes.

Michelle pulled away and sat up a little to take off her tank top and release her breasts. Her action forced me to release her pussy. God I loved her tits. I sat up too and leaned in closer so that I could cup them in my hands. She moaned as I played with her nipples, pinching them slightly to cause a little pain.

After a little while of this gentle teasing, I positioned myself on top of her again and we began kissing again. I continued to squeeze her breasts, loving how hard her nipples were becoming. She was clearly getting turned on.

I took her right nipple into my mouth and gave it a few licks. Her moans grew louder. I turned my attention to the left one, eliciting more moans. I continued sucking her hard nipples while my hand returned to her pussy. This time she opened her legs, spreading them a little wider giving me better access to her wet snatch.

She sighed as I spread her lips, and slowly inserted a finger. I pushed it in to the hilt, loving the way she clenched around it. I began to massage her clit with my thumb, all the while fucking her with my finger. Michelle was panting rapidly by now. I released the nipple I was sucking on, and started kissing her neck. I pulled my finger out of her pussy and ran my fingers up her belly towards the nipples my mouth had just released. I squeezed her breasts and pinched her nipples as I slowly planted kisses from her neck to her breasts, all the way down her abdomen, finally reaching her pussy lips.

She ran her hands through my hair. Her eyes darkened with desire—she knew what was coming. My tongue flicked her clit gently, just once. She shuddered at the contact; I had her just where I wanted her. I began to lick her clit harder and faster. I let go of her breasts, and inserted two fingers inside her love tunnel. Her moaning grew even louder. She spread her arms out wide on the bed, and grabbed the sheets tightly. I continued to pleasure her—my tongue on her clit, and my fingers in her cunt. Within just a few minutes she let out a loud groan and soaked my hands with her pussy juices.

I have always loved how responsive she is during any form of sexual activity. I lapped up her juices enthusiastically with her shuddering each time my tongue touched her sensitive lips and clit.

Her hands relaxed and released the sheets as her orgasm neared its end. But I was not done with her yet. I grabbed her thighs forcing them wider, and latched onto her pussy with my mouth again. I licked her box with the same fervor as before. She arched her back, writhing and gasping. She was thrashing around so wildly I had to increase my grip on her thighs to keep her down. Her breathing became more rapid as yet another orgasm hit her. This time she let out a scream, louder than the first groan, her whole body shaking with her release.

I let go of her legs and gave her pussy a few final licks, before straightening up and sitting up in bed next to her. She finally opened her eyes, but still hadn't caught her breath.

I grinned at her, before moving in for a deep and passionate kiss. I knew she could smell and taste herself on me. It was hot and really kinky.

"What was that for?" she asked with a huge smile.

"I kinda felt bad that yesterday was all about me. I wanted to make up for it."

"Hell of a way to wake up," she said, still grinning. "I could get used to it."

She pulled me back towards her for another kiss. She eventually broke the kiss to look up at me lovingly.

"We have to get up," she said, stroking my cheek.

"We can stay in bed for a little longer," I said, with a mischievous grin.

"Have you forgotten that we have a guest coming over today?"

Things were so hazy after the fucking I got last night that I had completely forgotten that Carmen would be spending the day with us.

We had wanted her to come home with us last night already, but she'd declined.

"I forgot about that," I admitted, grinning.

"Yes, you did," Michelle said, giggling.

"Last night was so much fun," I said, grinning from ear to ear.

"I know! I was there, remember? You know, doing the fucking..." she said, breaking out into laughter.

"You know what I mean. Until now, it has always been just you and I. We have invited a third person into our sex play, now. I..."

"Shh! Babe, I love you. I love everything about you, but I want us to explore every part of this new path we've embarked upon. I don't want us to shut the door we've just opened. But I do want you to be comfortable."

"You mean us..." I began.

"Yeah, we're in this together. I love to be the one on top. I love to be the one in control. I found that out very early on in this journey. I would love for us to explore this a little more."

"More?" I asked.

"Well, until recently, we only ever had sex in the bedroom, or in the comfort and privacy of our own home. We've had sex in a public place now. Like you said, it used to be just you and I. Last night we had a threesome. We role-played with another person. Having a playmate might be a good thing," Michelle said, taking my hand.

I sat up straighter, silent. Inviting Carmen to be our playmate was fine, but what if Michelle began to experiment with her? I mean, I had always thought of two women having sex with each other as a major turn on, but what if Michelle decides she likes it better? Or worse, what if Michelle decided to introduce another man?

"What's wrong?" Michelle asked now, seeing how thoughtful I'd become.

I didn't know how to explain how I felt. I struggled to find the words.

Michelle got onto her knees on the mattress next to me. She reached for me and held my face between her palms, looking into my eyes.

"What's wrong?"

"Do... do you want to experiment with her?" I asked, searching her eyes for a clue.

She gave me a funny look, eyebrow raised. Then she burst out laughing.

"Is that what's worrying you? That she'll steal me away?" she asked, doing her best to contain her amusement.

"No... I don't know... I... I guess I'm just... worried that..." I stammered.

"That what?"

"... that you might like women better and might not want me anymore..." I said in a rush.

"Why would you think that?" she asked, quieter now.

"I don't know. You like it when I dress up as 'Jenny'. You even like to fuck me when I am 'Jenny'. I guess I thought maybe you liked it because you might prefer women," I confessed.

"You're forgetting that I like to dress up as a guy and have sex with you while you're dressed as 'Jenny'. Plus, I love you. Yes, I like to fuck 'Jenny', but that's only because you are 'Jenny'," she said, holding my hand and stroking my shoulders gently.

"What if you decide to... to bring a man into bed with us?" I asked.

"Do you want that?" she asked, clearly surprised.

"No. I don't. I mean, this is as far as I know I can go. But..." she stopped me again, with a shake of her head.

"Babe, you are mine and I am yours. I would never push you into doing something you didn't want to do. I have always known that pegging is as far as this is going. Which is why I have never brought up bringing another man into the equation."

"So... you don't want to experiment with another woman or another man?"

"Honestly, I tried experimenting with women in college a few times, and I did enjoy it. But I am with you. I don't need anyone else. You are all the woman I need. And all the man I could ever want. I found the best of both worlds in you, babe." She leaned in, pressing her forehead against mine.

I admit that I felt relieved. I now knew that even though we were trying something new, she still wanted me, and that I was enough for her. I pulled her in for a tight hug.

"I love you," I said, as I pulled away to look deep into her eyes.

"I love you too, babe," she whispered, gently.

Half an hour later, I was downstairs brewing coffee while Michelle took a little nap. When she walked into the kitchen, she looked pretty dejected. What had happened to the loved-up girl I'd left upstairs?

"What going on?"

"I just spoke to Carmen. She can't get out of her shift at the shop. Someone might be able to stand-in for her from about 1 p.m. She'll call us to let us know whether she'll be able to get away."

She put her phone down on the table, and sat down. Her disappointment was obvious.

"It's okay, babe. As you said, she might still be able to join us. And if she can't, well, there's still 'Mike' and 'Jenny'," I said with a wink, trying to cheer her up.

"Yeah... I guess," she said, not sounding any less disappointed than before.

"So, what do you want to do now that since Carmen isn't going to meet us until later?" I asked as we sat down to a breakfast of French toast.

"I don't know. I had kind of thought that the three of us could hang out here and get to know each other better. Or maybe we could go out for a picnic or something," she said, nibbling on her toast.

"That's a good idea. We could even go alone -- just you and I."

"Yeah?" she asked, appearing to be coming around to the possibly of Carmen not being able to join us as planned.

"It could be fun."

She smiled as she looked up at me. "You seem very excited by the idea!"

"I am! The weather's great and what could be better than spending some time in nature? Where should we go?" I mused aloud.

"How about Green Grove?" she suggested, pushing her empty plate to the middle of the table, and leaning on her folded arms.

Green Grove was a national park about an hour or so away from where we lived. It was a beautiful place for camping, picnics and barbeques. It catered to families, couples and individuals who wanted to spend some quiet time in the outdoors.

"That settles it," I said, as I got up to clear the table.

At 11:30 a.m., after a quick shared shower, we hit the road with our picnic basket. 'Mike' looked very outdoorsy in a pair of green chinos, a white t-shirt and hiking boots. I had watched hungrily when Michelle strapped on the eight-inch cock, which was now tucked inside 'Mike's' boxers. For 'Jenny' I had chosen a pink summer dress, a white sweater and some comfortable slippers. The matching pink cotton bra and panties I wore underneath felt lovely and cool on my skin.

We laughed and talked for the entire relaxing drive to Green Grove. We found an ideal picnic spot near the lake. One of the two nearby picnic tables was occupied by a family of five. We got out of the car and headed for the second one.

"I had hoped to find a nice private spot somewhere around here," 'Mike' said quietly as walked towards the picnic table.

I was quite taken by surprise when he suddenly grabbed my hand and led me further along a path, though some trees until we found a trail. After about fifteen minutes of gentle strolling, we came across a secluded spot, still quite near the lake.

"This looks much better," 'Mike' said with a sly grin. "Nice and green, peaceful and secluded."

We opened the blanket and spread it out under a nearby tree and not too far from the water's edge.

"It really is such a beautiful day," I said, settling on the blanket and starting to unpack our lunch.

"It is, isn't it?" said 'Mike', opening the cheese and ham sandwiches we had packed, and putting them on a plastic plate. I opened the sparkling apple juice and plastic glasses, and poured each of us a refreshing glass.

It had been quite a while since we had been on a picnic, and we spent a long while just eating in silence and enjoying the surroundings. "This really was a good idea, you know," I said as I packed away the plastic plates and glasses. I scooted next to 'Mike' and leaned my head on his shoulder. Right on cue, he placed his arm around my waist pulling me nearer. We sat listening to the birds and admired the calm lake surrounded by the blue-green trees, bushes and grass surrounding it.

"Thank you," I said, quietly after a few minutes.

"For what?" 'Mike' asked, turning towards me.

"For all this," I replied.

"Well, if I'm not going to take care of my princess, then who will?"

He bent down towards me and gave me a quick kiss.

"How about some of the apples I packed?" I asked, reaching for the green globes and the pocket knife we had packed. I settled back and started cutting pieces and feeding them to 'Mike'.

"Mmm, these are nice," he said, smiling. "You should have some too."

I popped a piece in my mouth, and spat it out almost immediately. "It's pretty tart, you know! How are you managing to eat it?"

'Mike' chuckled at the face I was making.

"Maybe you're just too sweet for them?" he retorted, giving me a naughty smile.

I couldn't hide my blush. "Am I, now?"

"I think you're too sweet," he said, smiling.

His compliment had me feeling quite shy. I self-consciously pushed a lock of my hair behind my ear.

"You really don't like it?" 'Mike' asked.

I shook my head and he immediately grabbed it from my hand and tossed it into the small plastic bag we had brought along for any debris left over from our picnic. The pocket knife also went back into the basket. "There. All gone," he said with a grin before pulling me nearer.

"You look so pretty today," he said, running his hand through my hair.

He gave me that look that always made me weak in the knees. Soon he was caressing my face while I looked dreamily into his eyes. His hand made its way up towards my chest to squeeze my tit.

"Umm, maybe we shouldn't do this here," I said, a little nervously.

"You're getting shy on me after everything we did last night?" he asked, grinning.

"No... it's just... what if someone walks by?" I stammered.

"Don't worry, no one will come. We're not going to be disturbed," he said, resuming fondling my breast.

His attention relaxed me and in no time we were making out like teenagers. 'Mike' ran his hands up under my dress to caress my thighs. He gradually moved his hands upwards. By this time my erection had filled my panties. As soon as he reached my crotch he could tell the effect he was having on me. He wasted no time, and started massaging my cock through my panties.

"God, you're so fucking sexy," he whispered.

He got on his knees behind me, and began to grope my tits with both of his hands. I was sorry that he was no longer paying attention to what was between my legs, but enjoyed the sensation of having my tits man-handled in that way.

As things got more heated, 'Mike' turned me around so that I was facing him. He began unbuttoning my sweater. His hands were roaming over my body, while he planted gentle kisses on my shoulders and neck. His hands once again found their way to my hemline. He pulled it up slowly. Soon my thighs and panty-covered cock were completely exposed. He pulled my cock out of my panties and began to gently stroke it, all the while continuing to shower me with kisses.

I began to moan and whimper as he continued teasing me. 'Mike' taking control in this way, made me feel like a real woman, a woman who wanted to please her man. Finally, I heard him unzipping his chinos. I watched as he pulled out his cock and began stroking it.

"I'm so hard for you, baby," he said, getting upon onto his feet, but not taking his hand off his cock.

I got on my knees now too, my face directly in front of his crotch and his stiff cock. I leaned forward and gave it a quick lick.

"Take it in your mouth sweetie," he directed.

I didn't need to be told twice. I placed my hands on his hips and pulled him nearer. I took his cock into my mouth and began working it in and out of my mouth. I licked the head for a while before running my tongue all along the length of the shaft.

He took my chin in his hand as I sucked him off.

"Baby, you look so good with my cock in your mouth."

I looked up into his eyes and continued to suck his dick. He grabbed my head and slowly began to fuck my mouth. Being used in the outdoors like that felt amazing.

I was taken by surprise when 'Mike' pulled his cock out of my mouth. He winked at me and reached for his backpack, which was lying next to the picnic basket. I knew what came next. I bent over on my hands and knees. I watched him take a bottle of lube out of the backpack, and apply a few drops to his cock. He kept stroking it.

"You've come prepared," I observed, drily.

"Always," he said, giving me that now familiar mischievous grin. "Take your panties off."

I stayed on my knees and slowly slipped my panties over my ass and thighs. When it got to my knees I maneuvered it over first one knee and then the other. Then, with a few more quick movements, I slipped it off completely. With my ass completely bare now, I smiled up at 'Mike' playfully, and reached for his cock. I loved how slick it felt as my hand moved up and down on it.

"Lay down on your side, naughty girl," he ordered.

I hiked up my dress, and lay down as instructed. I let out a short shriek when he applied a good amount of lube to my asshole. I moaned as I felt him inserting a finger into my ass.

"Does that feel good, baby?"

"Ohhh... yes very good."

"Do you want my cock inside you?" he asked, in a strained whisper.

"Yes, baby. I just don't want us to get caught," I pleaded. I was very turned on, but my desire to be fucked hadn't drowned out my fear of getting caught.

"Don't worry. We will be really quiet, okay?" he said softly, his urgency growing.

I could only nod in agreement because his fingers were doing wonderful things to my asshole. After a short while, he lay down next to me and aimed his cock at my waiting hole.

"Are you ready for me, sweetie?" he asked, gently.

"Yes," I moaned. Almost immediately I could feel him applying some pressure as he pushed the head of his cock in me. I gasped loudly as he slowly eased the entire length of his cock into me.

"Shhhh! Quiet baby!" he whispered.

He pulled down the straps of my dress exposing my bra and began fondling my breasts. Then he started moving in and out me slowly.

Fucking in the restroom of the movie theater the other night had been quite a rush and even though I was nervous about getting fucked like this in the open, it gave me quite the adrenaline rush.

'Mike' lifted my thigh a little and tried to thrust into me a little harder. The position was not the most comfortable and his cock kept slipping out of my ass.

"Maybe it's better if you lie on your back, sweetie," he suggested finally.

He got up, and I turned over onto my back making sure that my dress was pulled up. I watched as he stripped off his pants and boxers. He lowered himself onto me, and gave me a deep kiss as his cock rubbed against mine.

Breaking the kiss, he got up and onto his feet. He lifted my legs in the air, exposing my asshole to him. Then he entered me once again. I yelped as he drove his cock into me hard. He immediately grabbed the panties I'd discarded earlier and left lying nearby, and stuffed them into my mouth.

"Do you want to get caught?" he hissed.

"Uh-uh," I groaned, shaking my head.

"Then be quiet while I fuck the shit out of you."

I moaned and whimpered against my makeshift gag while he fucked me like he was possessed. I reached up and between my legs and began to stroke my cock while he continued to ram into me. He swatted my hand away almost immediately.

"Not until I tell you to," he growled softly.

He leaned down between my raised legs, forcing my knees closer to my chest. This position allowed him to penetrate me so much deeper. I could feel his cock go deeper into my bowels with each thrust. I desperately wanted to jerk off, but every time I tried, he swatted my hand away.

"Fuck... fuck... fuck... " I squealed against the gag, as quietly as I could.

"This is the best fucking view I've had all day!" 'Mike' grunted while he thrust into me.

Then he pulled out and I felt empty. He turned me roughly onto my hands and knees. He teased my hole and smacked my ass hard and then started hammering away again.

"Oh fuck... that feels... so good," I said softly, having spat out my gag as soon as I was on my hands and knees. I grunted as quietly as I could as he continued to force the wind out of me.

"I know it does, baby," he crooned, smiling.

I looked back at him as he grabbed my ass hard before giving it another smack. I let out a yelp. He leaned down grabbing my tits, and whispered into my ear, "Remember, we don't want to get caught."

As he straightened himself up, he pushed my head downwards. He slowed his thrusting, this time pulling his cock almost all the way out before pushing it back in again hard.

"You wanna cum?" he asked.

"So badly!" I pleaded.

"Then play with yourself."

I immediately reached down between my legs, grabbing my rock-hard cock. I began to pump it furiously while he continued to fuck my ass. I was so excited I came within minutes.

"I'm cumming!" I moaned in a loud whisper.

He continued to fuck me harder and harder, while I released my cum all over our lovely picnic blanket. Once I was spent, he slowed down his thrusting, stopping eventually.

We collapsed in a heap. "Mmm, that was so hot baby," he cooed into my ear.

I was breathless and speechless. I turn around slightly to grin up at him. He leaned down and planted a kiss on my neck. And then we heard it. Voices. Voices which were sounding way too near. We jumped up and started to make ourselves decent hurriedly. I fortunately only had a dress to pull down. But poor 'Mike'! Fortunately he had his cock hidden away and pants back on before our company arrived.

Fifteen minutes later we were in the car and ready to head home. I looked at 'Mike' in surprise when he burst out laughing behind the wheel.

"Why are you laughing? We almost got caught there, you know!" I asked, amazed.

"Almost..." he replied, still laughing.

"It's not funny!" I said, slightly irritated. If we had gotten caught I would have been mortified!

"Oh come on, live a little!" he insisted, smiling at me.

I couldn't bring myself to share in her mirth.

"Oh babe, come on. You have to admit that you enjoyed getting fucked out there," he said, clearly hoping to coax me out of my irritation.

I sat in silence.

"Come on now. I know you enjoyed it! How else do you explain that orgasm?!".

"Okay, you're right," I admitted grudgingly.

"See, I knew it. It was fun. Just like the other night in the theater, the threat of getting caught making it even hotter!"

"Well, I can't argue about it having been hot," I admitted with a sigh.

"I know you enjoyed it! This is what I want. I want us to try stuff like this. You were okay in the theater, why did you get scared here?" he asked.

"For one, the movie theater was dark! And we fucked in a stall in the restroom not out in the open!"

"It was still a public place! The usher could have caught us in the theater too. Plus anyone could have walked into the bathroom and heard your moans."

That was a point. And yes, I did love what happened in the theater and what had just happened at the lake.

"I'm sorry. It's just that I felt exposed out there and I got a bit anxious."

"It's okay, babe. I am with you. Nothing happened. And if anything had, we would have hauled ass back to the car. That's all."

I looked over at her and we both began to laugh. I guess it was funny.

"So, want to head back home?" he asked, still smiling.

"Yeah, but I need to go pee first," I said.

Just then the Michelle's phone began to ring.

"It's Carmen," she said.

"You talk to her. I need to go take a piss now!"

I hurriedly got out of the car and walked over to some nearby bushes. I looked around to see if anyone was close by and then pulled my dress up and released my cock from my panties. After I was done, I walked back to the car and saw that Michelle was off the phone.

"What a relief," I said.

"You okay?" she asked.

"Yeah. So what did Carmen say?"

"She says she couldn't find anyone to cover for her, but she can only get out by six and come meet us. Then we can all probably head out for the night and then come back home for some fun."

"That sounds all right I guess," I said.

"She also said that she had a surprise for you and me."

"What kind of surprise?" I asked, intrigued.

"She said that we'd see when she came over," Michelle replied.

"Okay."

"I guess we should head back now."

By the time we got back home, it was almost 5 p.m. We were both kind of beat and just fell out on the couch. I made myself a vodka and orange juice, while 'Mike' chose to get a beer. I turned on Netflix and we both chose to watch the latest season of Orange is the New Black. Michelle and I both loved that show and usually always ended up binge watching it.

At around 7 p.m. the doorbell rang. Michelle answered the door and I saw Carmen walk in. She was wearing a white top and a pink skirt. She was carrying a black leather bag with her as she walked into the living room.

"Hey you," said Carmen, hugging me.

"Hi," I replied.

"How are you?" asked Carmen.

"I'm good. How are you?" I asked her.

"I'm doing good," she said with a smile. She looked around in amazement and then said, "Wow, you guys have an amazing house!"

"Thank you," I replied

"Anything to drink?" asked Michelle.

"Umm... no thanks," replied Carmen, politely.

"Are you sure?" asked Michelle.

"Yeah. Positive."

"What about you babe?" asked Michelle, facing me.

"I think I'll have another vodka and orange juice," I replied, handing Michelle my glass.

"I'll be right back," replied Michelle with a smile.

Carmen and I just stood there, smiling awkwardly at each other.

"Oh... uh... please, sit down," I said.

"Thanks," replied Carmen.

A few minutes later, Michelle walked in with another beer in her hand, along with my Vodka and orange juice and handed me the drink and sat down on the couch.

"Thanks for inviting me over," said Carmen.

"No problem. We had fun the other night and I thought it would be great to hang out and have a good time," said Michelle.

"I had fun last night too," said Carmen, giving me a smile.

"You certainly looked like you knew what you were doing!" said Michelle, laughing.

"Oh, I've fucked plenty of guys up the butt," said Carmen.

"James... uh... 'Jenny' here had a good time too, didn't you sweetheart?" said Michelle.

My cheeks turned beet red as I replied, "Yes."

"I'm just sorry I couldn't get here this morning. It's difficult to get someone at the last minute, so it was just impossible to get out of work," said Carmen.

"It's alright, we understand," said Michelle.

I sat silent as the two women were speaking. My cheeks were still flushed as I felt a little nervous with Carmen being here. Michelle gave me a wide-eyed look, sort of signaling me that I should be gracious, and talk to our guest.

"Umm... uh... so... Carmen, tell us about you. I mean I think it would be great if we got to know each other..." I said, clumsily.

"Well, I'm 26. You already know I work at the sex shop. I am a pretty open minded person and I'm quite adventurous in all aspects of my life, especially sex. I like to meet new people and make new friends."

"How long have you been working at the sex shop?" asked Michelle.

"For about a year now. But my real passion is photography. I help out a friend who does wedding videos. He has his own studio and I help out with editing and stuff," said Carmen.

"Are you single?" asked Michelle.

"At the moment, yes," replied Carmen, smiling.

"How come?" I asked.

"I broke up with someone a couple of months ago. I just wanted to be single and have some me time, you know?"

"That sounds reasonable," said Michelle.

We sat together for a few hours and chatted away, getting to know each other. I and Michelle learned that Carmen had had a relationship with a man who loved to crossdress. Just like in my relationship with Michelle, Carmen and her then boyfriend loved pegging. Although, she never dressed up as a guy for him, her stories indicated that they had quite a lot of fun in the bedroom. Sadly, they had broken up when he had to move away for work.

I was beginning to get a lot more comfortable talking with Carmen and I could sense that she was a really nice person. She even flirted with me with Michelle sitting right next to me, and I loved the attention I was getting. Pretty soon I was joking and flirting back with her as well and Michelle didn't seem to mind at all. It was almost 9 p.m. before any of us realized what time it was going to be. I was the one who finally looked at the clock and bought it to everyone's attention.

"Wow! Is that the time?" I said.

"Time flies when you're with friends," said Michelle.

"Yeah, it does," said Carmen.

"So what should we do tonight?" asked Michelle.

"Do you want to get some dinner or order in and just hang out here?" I asked Carmen.

"Actually I was thinking we could go out clubbing, if that's okay?" replied Carmen.

"What do you think, babe?" Michelle asked, turning to me.

"I don't see why we couldn't," I replied.

"Awesome!" exclaimed Carmen.

"Where do you suggest we go?" Michelle asked Carmen.

"Well there is this place in the Valley called Impulse. It's a pretty good place and the crowd mostly consists of people from the LGBTQ community, although it's mostly frequented by trans and lesbian women. You do see gay guys there too."

"Sounds like fun," said Michelle.

"Yeah, it gets pretty wild," said Carmen.

"Where exactly is it in the Valley?" I asked.

"It's not too far from the store."

"Won't it be empty on a Monday?" I asked.

"Oh no. The place is buzzing almost every day of the week," replied Carmen.

"Oh," I said.

"Don't worry. I've been there plenty of times. It's got a nice decent crowd and the people there are really friendly," said Carmen.

"Then its settled." said Michelle.

"Great. I'm so excited!" said Carmen.

"Did you bring anything to change into?" Michelle asked Carmen.

"Yeah I did. Plus, I have a little surprise for the both of you," said Carmen.

"You mentioned that when we spoke on the phone. What is it?" asked Michelle.

"It's something for 'Jenny' that 'Mike' will enjoy too," Carmen said, giggling.

"Don't keep us in suspense," said Michelle, wide eyed in excitement.

"You can see once I help 'Jenny' get ready," Carmen said, grinning.

Carmen grabbed her bag and we headed upstairs to the bedroom. Michelle chose blue denim jeans, and a black shirt for her ensemble. Carmen got out a black t-shirt, a leather jacket and blue denim jeans and her strapon from last night. I, on the other hand, couldn't decide what to wear. I picked out the dresses I had purchased the other day on our shopping excursion and was trying to decide what to wear. In the meantime, 'Mike' and 'Carlos' had already gotten dressed and saw me still struggling with deciding what to wear.

"Why don't you go downstairs and wait, while I help 'Jenny' get ready," Carmen told Michelle.

"Okay. I'll call us a cab too while I'm waiting," said Michelle.

"Great!" said Carmen.

Michelle went downstairs, leaving 'Carlos' and me alone in the bedroom.

"So, which one are you planning on wearing?" asked Carmen.

"I don't know," I replied.

"Well we can figure that out later. First let's get you undressed, and I'll help you get ready."

Even though Carmen had already seen my body, well most of it anyway, I was still a little shy when I undressed in front of her. She removed two boxes from her bag that read "NuBra" and placed them on the bed.

"What are those?" I asked.

"These... will help create some nice... cleavage," she said with a grin.

I began to laugh at the notion. "I am a man, how can I have cleavage? I don't even have tits!"

"Don't worry. My ex used to use these all the time and his chest looked amazing. He always turned heads whenever we went clubbing."

I was intrigued by her statement and decided to see where this all went.

Carmen unpacked the boxes and removed their contents. They seemed to contain some sticky breast form kind of thingies. Carmen unpacked the boxes and got both pairs of the NuBra out. She unclasped both pairs from the middle, since they were strapless.

"Okay, now stand still and I'll put these on for you," said Carmen.

She took one of the pads and stuck it to the side of my chest, just under my nipple. She did the same with the other side, then she used the extra pair and stuck them on top of the already positioned pads.

"Now for the magic!" said Carmen.

She pulled the pads at the bottom and clasped it. Then she pulled the second pair of pads on the top and clasped those. She then rummaged through the dresser and got out a padded nude bra and matching panties. I tucked my cock inside the panties and Carmen helped me put it on the bra and then inserted my breast forms under the padded bra.

"Wow!" she exclaimed. "Take a look."

I turned towards the mirror to see that I now had an ample bosom, and cleavage!

"Whoaa!" I exclaimed. I couldn't believe it! I usually just used breast forms to create the illusion of breasts, but this was something entirely different. Not only did my bust look bigger, but it looked like I had natural cleavage.

"You like?" she asked, grinning

"Yes... thank you," I replied.

"Well, now all we need to do is apply some foundation for some contouring and then you'll be absolutely ready," she said with a smile.

She grabbed some foundation from the dresser and began to apply some around the cleavage. After a couple of minutes, I saw as the illusion looked a little bit more real.

I couldn't help but continue to stare in the mirror. I heard Carmen rummaging around in the closet, but I didn't pay any attention as I was still transfixed with my new tits.

"Ah, here we go! You should wear this one," said Carmen, handing me a black dress. It was one of the dresses that Michelle and I had purchased the other day. It was a long sleeved, bodycon dress that had a v shaped neckline. After slipping it on, I saw that it was quite figure hugging and I noticed that I looked busty in it. The neckline did not plunge, but the cleavage was clearly visible.

Next came the makeup. Carmen went through her bag and removed a bag that looked like it had different makeup items and accessories. It took a few minutes, and then I was ready. Carmen had chosen to give my eyes a smoky look and had applied quite a bit of foundation. For the lipstick, she had selected a red matte color which looked absolutely perfect.

She helped me finish off the outfit with some junk accessories like clip-on earrings, a sober thin necklace, a ring with a turquoise stone, and a silver clutch purse. I chose to wear a pair of beige stiletto pumps that I owned, but hardly ever wore.

"You look absolutely delicious!" said Carmen.

I blushed as I looked in her direction. "Thank you Carmen! This is so completely different than what I usually go for."

"No problem sweetie. Now, why don't we go down and dazzle 'Mike'," she suggested, smiling at me.

'Carlos' went down, while I looked at myself in the mirror and gave myself one last check. I walked down the stairs and noticed that 'Mike' was laughing with 'Carlos' while chugging down a beer. As soon as she heard me walk down, the beer slipped from her hand falling to the ground along with her mouth.

I flicked back a lock of my hair as I moved towards her. 'Carlos' put her hand on Michelle's jaw and put it back in place.

"You... you look... amazing..." 'Mike' trailed off.

"Thanks," I said blushing, giving her a shy smile.

A few minutes of eye flirting later, our trance was broken by the ringing of a horn.

"That must be the cab," whispered 'Mike'.

"Maybe we should get going then," I said.

The cab ride was smooth. I sat in between 'Mike' and 'Carlos' in the back as we rode in silence. It took us about thirty minutes to reach the club. 'Mike' helped me out of the cab and I heard a thumping noise coming from inside the club. I looked up to see a neon sign that read Impulse. 'Mike' put her arm around my waist as 'Carlos' walked with us to the entrance of the club. A big butch woman, who looked like the bouncer, was standing at the door, and letting people in.

The bouncer eyed me up and down, and nodded in my direction. She let us through the door and we walked in. The club was mostly dark with some ambient lighting around. The music was quite loud and thumping. There were a lot of women in the club. It was obvious that some of the 'women' in there were actually men in drag with really garish makeup. Others looked like genetic women, although some could have been men dressed up as well.

The dance floor had quite a few people moving to the beat. 'Carlos' guided us more toward the back of the club that had quite a few open tables. As we moved through the club, I caught more than a few people eyeing me. We found an empty booth in a corner and settled in.

"This place is so loud," I said.

"Aren't clubs supposed to be that way," said 'Carlos', laughing.

"This place is fucking awesome!" said 'Mike'.

'I'll go get us some drinks. What do you guys want?" asked 'Carlos'.

"I'll have a beer," replied 'Mike'.

"I'll have a cosmopolitan," I said.

"Okay, I'll be right back," said 'Carlos'.

The DJ was blaring Lady Gaga through the speakers, and I began to move in my seat. I turned and caught 'Mike' staring at me, smiling.

"What?" I asked.

"You seem to be enjoying yourself," she said.

"I don't know what it is, but I was nervous at first. Now I feel kind of nice," I replied.

"I'm glad to hear that," said 'Mike', leaning close to me and staring into my eyes.

I stopped moving and stared back right back at her. She gave me a soft, gentle kiss on the lips and whispered, "God you look so sexy tonight."

I smiled at her and turned back to face the dance floor. A few minutes later, 'Carlos' was back with our drinks. 'Carlos' also chose to have a beer like 'Mike', while I was handed my girlie drink. I sipped on my delicious drink which was just heavenly.

We had a few more round of drinks as we joked, laughed and flirted. 'Carlos' was really handsy with me while we sat in the booth. She touched my thighs, and put her arm around me as we sat. 'Mike' didn't seem to mind.

'Carlos' then got up from the booth and looked at 'Mike', "Do you mind if I take the lady for a dance?"

"Go right ahead," said 'Mike'.

"Shall we?" asked 'Carlos', extending her hand toward me.

I turned to 'Mike' who nodded slightly and smiled.

I grabbed 'Carlos's' hand, and we headed to the dance floor. The dance floor had a few more people on it than when we had entered, and we began to move to the beat. We moved closer and closer as we continued to match our movements to the rhythm of the music. 'Carlos' was looking at me with lust in her eyes. She put her arms around my waist and pulled me closer to her. I began to move wiggle my hips and tease her as I moved my hands toward her crotch. I looked around, and I don't think anyone saw what I was doing. Everyone seemed pretty much into their own dancing partners. Some were even making out instead of dancing. I quickly moved my hands away and turned around and began to grind in to her.

"You're such a tease," whispered 'Carlos'.

She gently nibbled my ear as my body shivered, and my eyes darted towards our table. 'Mike's' eyes met with mine as she watched me dance with 'Carlos'. She sipped on her beer and watched as 'Carlos's' hands roamed over my stomach and my thighs. In some ways, I felt like such an exhibitionist, putting on a show.

'You're such a slut! Putting on a show for 'Mike' like that," whispered Carlos, placing a kiss on my neck.

She held on to my hips as we continued to grind into each other. I put my arms on the back of 'Carlos's' head as she continued to kiss and bite my neck. My cock was getting hard inside my panties. Although, I loved every bit of what was happening, I realized that my dress was rather tight and if I got completely hard, a noticeable bulge would show up.

"Stop, stop, stop," I whispered, coming to a halt.

"What's wrong?" asked 'Carlos'.

"Umm, nothing. I'm just a little thirsty. Maybe we should head back," I said.

"Okay," said 'Carlos', a little disappointed.

We headed back to the table and took our seats in the booth. Once again I sat in the middle and I grabbed what was left of my drink and downed it in one gulp. 'Mike' moved closer to me and licked my neck, tracing it all the way up to my ear. She gave it a gentle little nibble and whispered, "You're such a fucking tease!"

'Mike' then made me face her, and began to kiss me with wild passion. 'Carlos' scooted in closer to me, and began to run her hands up my thigh. I was beginning to get hard once again.

"I think 'Carlos' needs some attention too, baby," whispered 'Mike'.

I turned and faced 'Carlos' and we began to kiss. 'Mike' began to squeeze my breasts as 'Carlos' and I frenched it out. "Mike' guided my hand to 'Carlos's' crotch, and I began to rub it. 'Mike' began to nibble on my ear as she squeezed my tits which made me tremble.

"Why don't you give 'Carlos' a blowjob sweetie?" whispered 'Mike'.

The way she said it in her sexy little voice, I felt myself forced to comply. 'Carlos' gave me a devilish grin as I began to unzip her trousers. I put my hands inside the zipper and fished her cock out from her pants and began to stroke it.

"Do it! Put your pretty little mouth on that big cock," said Michelle.

I leaned down into 'Carlos's' lap and took her cock into my mouth. I held on to the shaft as I tried to swallow the entire length inside. I traced my tongue from the base to the head and began to swirl my tongue around the head. This was the second time I was doing something like this in a public place. Both places were dark, but somehow I felt really slutty committing such an act in such a place.

"That's it, good girl," said 'Mike'. 'I'll go get us some drinks. When I get back, I still want to see that pretty little mouth around that cock."

"I'll have a beer," said 'Carlos', grabbing her cock and pushing my hair back.

I tried to get up so that I could tell 'Mike' to get me a drink as well, but 'Carlos' grabbed my head and pushed it down on her cock, making me gag.

"I don't think the slut needs anything, since she already has her mouthful," laughed 'Carlos'.

'Carlos' released me as I felt 'Mike' leave us and head for the bar.

"Damn girl, you suck so well," said 'Carlos', encouragingly.

I could only moan and groan, since my mouth was stuffed with cock.

'Remember what 'Mike' said, this dick doesn't leave your mouth," said 'Carlos'.

A few minutes later, 'Mike' came back with drinks and sat down next to 'Carlos'.

"Look up at me sweetie," said 'Mike'.

I grabbed the base of the cock and looked up at 'Mike'. She had her phone out and took a picture as the flash went off.

"Damn, that looks hot as hell!" said 'Carlos'.

I felt another flash go off as I continued to suck on 'Carlos's' dick. 'Mike' leaned down and whispered into my ear, "Do you want to get fucked?"

I let go of the cock and nodded my head.

"Let's get out of here then," said 'Mike' with an evil grin.

'Carlos' tucked her cock inside as I got back up. We got out of the booth and we made our way outside the club. 'Mike' hailed us a cab as 'Carlos' had her hand around my waist and was cupping my ass. The entire cab drive back to our place included touching, fondling, kissing and a lot of hickies. I was getting groped and molested like a chick that had been picked up at a club and was begging for cock. The driver must have gotten a good show as both 'Mike' and 'Carlos' had their way with me.

Once we arrived at our destination, 'Mike' paid the cabbie and all three of us made our way inside the house.

As soon as the front door was shut behind us, both 'Mike' and 'Carlos' began to run their hands all over my body. 'Mike' and I began to kiss passionately as 'Carlos' was cupping my tits and licking and kissing me all over my neck.

After releasing me from the kiss, 'Mike' looked back at 'Carlos' and smiled wickedly. 'Mike' began kissing me once again as I felt 'Carlos' slither down and run her hands over my panty clad cock.

"Oooh, you're really horny aren't you baby doll," said 'Carlos', pulling my dress up and my panties down. I whimpered as I felt 'Carlos' grab my hard cock and start tugging on it.

'Mike' broke the kiss once again and got down on her knees. "Umm, she's really, really horny!" she observed.

I could only stare down at them as they teased my erection and pulled at it. 'Mike' gave it a gentle lick that sent tingles down my spine. 'Carlos' then removed something from the pocket of her jeans. It was a silicone cock ring. She fitted it on me, inserting my balls and then the shaft of my cock.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"Oh, just a little something to keep you nice and hard the entire time. We don't want you to cum too fast and then go soft on us," said 'Carlos', giving me a wink.

'Carlos' then slithered back up and began to kiss me, while she began to squeeze my tits. 'Mike' on the other hand got to work on my swollen cock. She began to suck on it and lick it. Every now and then she would jerk it off a few times and then put it back into her mouth. I was begging to get really hot.

"There we go... all nice and hard now," said 'Mike'.

"I think it's time we got some attention, don't you think?" asked 'Carlos'.

Both of them unzipped their pants and released their big cocks from their boxers. I got on my knees and gave both of them a naughty smile as I got down on my knees. I jerked both their cocks together in unison and swallowed 'Mike's cock first. I licked the shaft of her cock and then began to suck on it like an eager slut. I switched over to 'Carlos's' cock and went through the same routine.

'Mmm, look at that pretty little mouth taking two big cocks, just like a good little slut," groaned 'Mike'.

"She does love it, doesn't she? I bet she'd have sucked us off right there in the club," said 'Carlos', smiling.

"I think it's time for some more action," said 'Mike', grinning ear to ear as I looked up at their faces.

They pulled me up to my feet and dragged me to the couch in the living room.

"Why don't you get her to blow you some more and I'll be right back," said 'Mike'.

'Carlos' kicked off her shoes and pulled her pants off. "You heard the man, suck it slut!" she growled.

I immediately went to work on her dick. I licked the head and teased it as I looked up into her eyes.

"Yeah, that's it baby girl," she said with a grin.

A minute later, I head 'Mike' walk down the stairs and come over to us. She was just in her tank top and boxer briefs now, with her cock still hanging out of the boxers. She had the bottle of lube and some condoms in her hand. I didn't understand why she had the condoms. We had not used them the other night when they both fucked me. In fact, I had done ass-to-mouth when they both took turns fucking me and making me choke on their big cocks.

"On your back... on the couch," ordered 'Mike'.

I stopped sucking on 'Carlos's' cock and obeyed 'Mike's' command.

'Mike' lubed up my asshole nicely and then applied a generous amount on her cock. She picked up my leg and placed it on her left shoulder, aiming her dick at my rosebud. She applied some pressure and slipped the head of her cock inside me. 'Carlos' got on her knees and moved closer, shoving her cock into my mouth.

'Mike' pushed in further as the entire length of her cock entered me.

"Annnnnngggghhhhh..." I moaned with 'Carlos's' cock in my mouth.

"That's it darling, take it all in," said 'Mike'. She began to fuck me nice and hard, slowly at first, letting me get used to her dick inside me, but picking up the pace after a few strokes.

"Yeah baby, that's it! Take that big dick inside your hole while you suck on my cock," said 'Carlos'.

'Mike' pulled out of me completely and began to tease me as I continued to choke on the cock in my mouth. She then pushed her cock inside me in one swift motion and began to fuck me like a wild woman. I reached down for my cock, but 'Mike' swatted my hand away from it.

'No playing with yourself!" 'Mike' commanded, pounding into me like a jackhammer.

I began to moan and groan as I was denied giving any attention to my rock hard erection.

"How about I get a turn now?" asked 'Carlos'.

"You want my friends cock now, slut?" asked 'Mike'.

"Unnnghhh-huh," I grunted.

'Mike' pulled out and sat back on the couch, while I got on my knees in front of her on the floor and began to stroke and suck on her cock. 'Carlos' got behind me, and slipped her cock inside me easily. She grabbed onto my hips and began to pump in and out of my retcum.

"Yeah bitch, take my cock!" 'Carlos' exclaimed.

I moaned, groaned, grunted and made all manner of pleasurable noises as I sucked on 'Mike's' cock. I slurped on her big dick like it was a big lollipop. 'Carlos' smacked my ass and really began to pound into me. 'Mike' pulled her cock out, and pulling my chin up began to smack her cock on my face.

"Look at you, sucking your husband's cock, while another man fucks you! You're such a slut," said 'Mike'.

I made eye contact with her and smiled as she continued to smack my face with it.

"Do you like it? Taking someone else's cock while you blow me, slut?" asked 'Mike'.

"Uhh-huhh," I replied, sticking my tongue out, trying to lick her cock.

"You're such a whore, Jenny," said 'Mike', as 'Carlos' snickered and continued fucking me.

"I think it's time to switch up again," said 'Carlos'.

'Mike' got a big grin on her face. 'Carlos' pulled out of me as 'Mike' stood up. She removed her boxers and her strap-on, and began to rub her pussy right above my face.

"Sit up on the couch," said 'Mike'.

Once again, I obeyed and sat up on the couch. I saw 'Carlos' grab a condom and put it on her cock. 'Mike' now knelt in front of me as 'Carlos' got behind her. 'Carlos' applied some lube on her sheathed cock and then thrust inside Michelle's pussy.

"OH FUCK!" Michelle cried out.

'Carlos' grabbed onto her and began to fuck her roughly. Michelle grabbed my cock and began to suck on it.

"Oh yeah, that's the shit! Look at that cock go in and out of that pretty pussy!" exclaimed 'Carlos'.

"Fuck... fuck... fuck... fuck my pussy," moaned Michelle.

If I was turned on earlier while I was getting fucked, I was on a whole new level now! I don't know why, but it was almost hypnotic watching my wife suck on my hard cock while she was on her knees getting drilled from behind.

A couple of minutes later, Michelle looked into my eyes and said, "I want you to fuck me..."

'Carlos' and I exchanged places as Michelle now sucked on her cock. I teased Michelle's wanting hole for a few seconds before filling her with my cock in one thurst. I began to ram into her as I watched her suck on 'Carlos's' dick. I desperately wanted to cum as I fucked Michelle, but I still wasn't there yet. Pretty soon, Michelle began to moan louder and louder, signaling that her orgasm was close. I pounded her hard with each thrust and soon her orgasm hit her like a tsunami.

"FUCK... I'm CUMMING!" she screamed.

I was a little irritated that I was still not close to coming because of the cock ring. Michelle's orgasm soon died down.

"My turn now," said 'Carlos', getting off the couch. She took off her strap-on and undressed completely. This night was getting wilder by the minute! I looked at Michelle, who had turned her head to face me. She smiled, and winked at me, signaling me to go for it.

I pulled out of Michelle as Carmen got down on her knees, and put my cock in her mouth.

"Mmm, your wife tastes delicious," said Carmen.

Michelle handed her a condom and Carmen sheathed my cock. I finally understood why the condoms came out. Apparently, Michelle didn't want me to fuck our guest without protection.

"On your back," said Carmen.

I lay down on my back and Carmen straddled me. She guided my cock inside her pussy and whimpered as she took the entire length at once.

"Ohh... God," she moaned and began to bounce on my dick.

I grabbed her ass cheeks and began to pound into an upward motion, meeting Carmen's bouncing. I grunted and groaned as I fucked Carmen silly. I turned around to see Michelle on the couch, spread eagle, playing with her pussy as she watched me fuck another woman. I smacked Carmen's booty as we fucked like rabbits. My orgasm was getting closer now, and I began to really thrust into her.

"Are you close?" asked Carmen in a raspy voice.

"Yes!"

"Good, I'm almost there too," she moaned.

We matched our speed and began to really go at it. Within seconds, she squealed and stopped grinding on my cock. Carmen's body began to spasm as she rode the crest of her orgasm. Shortly after that, I was coming too. I didn't stop fucking her even though I was coming. Her orgasm died down slowly, and so did mine as she fell on top of me. Our breathing was rapid as Carmen looked at me and smiled. We soon realized that we were not alone as we heard Michelle scream out in another orgasm. Me and Carmen both moved to the sofa and cuddled up to her.

Michelle turned to me, and we kissed passionately.

"That was so intense," I said, breaking the kiss.

"But you enjoyed it, yes?" asked Michelle.

"Oh hell, yeah!" I exclaimed as Carmen burst into laughter.

"I think this is the beginning of a wonderful new friendship!" said Michelle.

*-*-*