A Long Lapse - Shayna Finds the One
byBriano82©

Introduction: Shayna, a young 19 years old alluring girl who flew all the way from Amritsar to Delhi to fetch her Periodontics, dental studies' bachelor degree. With being a student, she also is recognized as a champion belly dancer among the state. Shayna makes for an empowered Independent Punjabi girl whose nobility related from the grain kings of the state making her status wealthy and empowered.

Here Shayna meets Nishit, a dental student of Endodontic department sharing the same college campus as her. This story states how Shayna uses her obtuse personality to snare Nishit in her hermitage, making both of their lives worth living. I would hand over the narrative part to Shayna from here on. Like I mention, every manner of creative criticisms are always accepted. Thank you.

*****

Since moving in to Delhi, I have started coming around the utmost fluidity in my life. Leaving Amritsar ambience behind helped me to grow also led me to live life on my personal terms. I was still in my bed presently as suggestive of the normal days. The clock showed 7:30, only 55 minutes before my morning lecture.

I had to reach college as soon as I could. After I quickly made my way out of the bed, the half filled nine hills bottle twirled in the room after dropping down from the bed. Post being drunk last night, I couldn't remember to put the bottle sideways and presently chased it down to get it in place finally. The wine over my head from last night yet had its effect exceedingly.

I was getting late for college, and went on assembling the books from the bed. I removed my sleeveless top and the floral hip-covering short to enter in the bathroom. It didn't take me more than 5 minutes to quickly bathe and come out. It was a normal routine following high nights every now and then in my bag. I had settled into this lifestyle residing alone in such a big house. There was so much to talk about me and three quarters of it has not even begun as of now.

I lived on my own in a wide two BHK apartment. In genuineness it was an unusual stereotype for any normal Indian girl so young to live by herself; but not for me. My family being an educated open minded bunch had always supported independency to the girl children. All the benefits following their ideologies and beliefs enriched my lifestyle shifting into a new place.

I had just come out of the shower and seeing myself naked before mirror always gifted me with more chances to thank my family. Punjabi houses were renowned to give out healthy inhabitants, and I was no different. Down to the calorific food containment at my motherland since an early age, I possessed a very substantial build up for a 19 years' old girl.

Standing at 5'8 and a body shaped in 36-25-37, I was able-bodied enough to beat any normal middle aged Indian woman. Besides due to my engagement in a torso-driven dance form also lent a hand to my measurements. With Belly dance concentrating more on the hip movement, my waist size has always been maintained; helping my hips to appear larger. Dancing had greatly benefited my spine also has built my upper body strength. Owing to this physique, I was branded formally a 'HOT' prospective of the dentistry arena in college.

I went on to get the blue denim below my white short crop top. The top showed my navel clearly above my little bulgy tummy and the pierced navel around my fair abdomen tend to be always opened up under my revealing tops. I was a fine-looking girl with face shaped to ooze out no less than elegance of the highest standard. The latter were the whispers I have heard of myself right from an early minor age.

I placed myself in the car to start driving. My delegates' family gifted me a Tiguan after I earned my license ahead of a month from my 19th birthday. The driveway to college was of mere twenty minutes and I drove the car into the parking lot of college to place it next to a bunch of imported coupes. I didn't go out straight and stayed in to light up a ciggy between my lips. After a bunch of puffs on it through my fluffy lips, I prepared to come out with the full burnt cylinder in my hand; dumped it in the bin. I started to get away from the car.

From the juniors to the super seniors to the honorable campus faculties, there were no males ever left in the area to not peek in and feel a slender discomfort on their crotches after I walked down to the campus. This stance of them always disgusted me after they stay unmoved getting a view of my butt above sculpt inner thighs under my tight bottoms. After a certain age I indeed stopped whining about these perverse outcomes and started to find it very normal.

I was able to get in my lecture just two minutes after it started. College faculties always had their bags full of complaints for me but my grades never let any of those come out potently. I had been an above average student after finding enough time post dance schedules to study for my dentistry courses. It was the theory portion only I could have ever understood that had saved me from complaints.

Later than college got over; I had to visit the royal beer bar inside the city area. It was definitely my happy place ever since I lived in Delhi. I was greeted by Aarsh with a tight hug - he was my four years older colleague from the dance competition three nights ago. We were the winner with a fusion act through some multi genre flavor in it, and my belly dance's genre proved to be just the icing on the cake. I was recognized as the star performer with my shaking belly in the act.

Dancing these two years after moving to Delhi had gifted me a lot of name and fame. Following the latter, a pulsating victory roar echoed around the entire bar as I entered in. Our victory was not certainly left as a whisper anymore.

The party evoked with me joining in the dance floor after some multiple substantial vodka shots. I danced with a dozen of males for an hour before I was offered the stage for myself. On the very high public initiations, I hiked my top up to entirely expose my midsection under my t-shirt from the front. The music queued. I started with my complex movements on the torso to shake my belly fluidly.

The disc jockey in the house added some EDM flavors to the music that forced me to uplift my movements. Years of practice had gifted me with miraculous percussive movements in my hips. Performing the hip drops, hip lifts and hip twists on the growing speed of the music, I forced the pupils in the bar to scream and cheer loudly on my dance. I was very fluid in my movements and held a colossal deal of abdominal muscles control. The applause of the public echoed through the entire arena once I stopped. I was covered fully sweat after wrapping up.

As I prepared to get off the stage, Aarsh approached me to hold my hands and get my feet down on the stage carefully. He hugged me tightly to show his appreciation for my performance; I hugged him back over his warm tight physique. Getting near to him, I indeed liked the way he smelled. We met in the seats near the counter as starting to have a few drinks together.

Aarsh was a handsome and a fit guy due to which his company without a doubt didn't bother me. We chit chatted for a couple of minutes. Aarsh told me how he was the heir to one of the top builders of the city; a rich and good looking man, he was easily a package for anyone with an intention to bed themselves alongside him. I couldn't really speak for myself there.

In the midst of our chat, he pushed himself to appear a first-rate and well spoken man. However all of his perverse side was visible when touching me down my waist as having the talk. I was continually faking my happiness knowing Aarsh's perverse side that has been evident many times. As per now I grew tired and so did him supposedly.

His hands were roaming over my waist in our conversation and to his surprise I slid his hands down on my denim to set his palms placed fully above my butt. Aarsh grew an unusual enthusiasm in his heart as he went to squeeze my fluffy butt through my jeans - it was expected. I smiled a little before getting my mouth closer to his ears, "Got a ride?" I murmured.

"Yes!" Aarsh answered.

"Then, follow me." I loosened the grip on his body and started moving out of the bar. I got in my SUV to start driving away. Aarsh followed in his appealing RC 200 and stayed behind my car following me. After a few minutes of more driving, I stopped and parked in my house lawn. Aarsh put his bike also next to it.

I unlocked the door with the key to enter inside. After getting Aarsh here, I turned around to lock the door from within. Aarsh didn't waste a minute to grab me from my back as I had done the door. He held my head to turn it backwards and started planting his lips on me; I turned around to kiss him back comfortably. Shortly he stuck me to the wall to grab my boobs beneath my top and kept kissing me wildly, I replied to it with the utmost devilishness. I dug my lips on his to start getting into a very wet overlapping of our lips.

He began sliding my top down from my shoulders to get my bra in the scene. Aarsh roamed his lips on my bra covered young adolescent breasts for some time. I gasped and held his head from the back to dig his face on my bust. He undid my bra too to get it out of my top and expose my striking 34D cups. Aarsh held my brown textured nipples between his lips and kissed deeply on it, I moaned with the ultimate pleasure flowing down my body. He held my boobs while got more down to get his face over my tummy.

Aarsh kissed slowly on the either end of my tummy bulge to get my skin between his lips. Subsequently he dug his teeth on my tummy to leave some lovely marks on my bulge all around. I kept breathing hard with the butterflies roaming inside my stomach. He got his hands on my jeans to unbutton it slowly. Separating the two ends from the button, Aarsh unzipped it down slowly. He slowly slid it down from my hips leaving me just with the thong at my bottom.

Aarsh kissed on my slender hairy pussy, I moaned in pleasure with the feeling of his lips between my legs. He lodged his lips on my soft and well muscled thighs. As time went on, his desperation grew tightly. Later he turned me around to get his face on my round ass. With the thong covering just my asscrack, he kissed on my bare ass cheeks for more than a minute. I roamed my hands all over his hairs in pleasure with my eyes closed.

Stepping back, Aarsh started to come up on his feet. I helped him out of his shirt from his top also unzipped his pants to leave him bottomless. We put ourselves into a wet kiss on our lips again, and I slid my hand down to roam it over his 6 inched shaft. Settling myself on the knees, I placed my face before his penis. I also positioned my tongue on his tip to make it dance all over it and returned the pleasures back to him. He moaned harder with his changed expressions over his face. His entire dick stayed in my mouth to fit inside perfectly.

I sucked on his full length after getting a good grip of it inside my palm and squeezed his testicles under my other hand. Aarsh's moans got louder and louder as I kept sucking on his rock hard shaft with my increased pace. I played on his testicles as well inside my mouth, leaving him with an inclusive elevated heart rate. I came up on my tall feet and smiled at Aarsh after he was left breathless with the ruthless ecstasy of that blowjob earlier. I kissed him once and turned around without a word. Also using his dick as a leash, I steered him towards the bedroom.

I told Aarsh to wait at the bedside while went myself to open my cupboard sideways. Taking out of one of the condoms from the bunch inside, I started going back to him. Aarsh handled and rolled the condom on his dick warily, while I placed myself in the bed on my knees. Ever since getting my hymen broken at just the end of my 16th birthday, I always organized sex with my own rules flowing in. My partners never questioned of my charge same as Aarsh at this point. He stayed in the bed at my back and his hip facing my round 37 inched teenage butt.

I turned around to look at Aarsh, and forced his head downwards to make him kiss me behind my waist. He kissed on my entire soft stretched ass for a moment. Next I bent forward and Aarsh helped his rubber covered dick in my pussy from behind. He got a good grip on the top of my butt with his one hand; he stretched my teenage pussy with his dick in it. I moaned in pleasure once he started to thrust inside of me. I kept moaning slowly as he got his dick in and out of my tight pussy from behind. I rested my hand backwards on his butt to push his hips also to get him more inside of me and moaned, "Harder, And Harder!!"

Aarsh grabbed my waist with both the hands and started to thrust with more and more propulsion inside my young pussy. I bent forward and raised my butt up in the air whereas he hit his hips harder on my butt to fuck me roughly. My face stayed stuck on the bed to kill my loud moans on the cushion surface. Aarsh fucked me for some moments again and lowered his pace down. He was out with the heavy load of cum inside his condom after a moment.

He got away from me. I just laid myself on my stomach at the fraction of the bed to catch my breath out of the fatigue due to a great sex. I placed myself on my back to approach him for a good tender kiss on the lips; he returned the favor to me. We parted our lips wider to smooch deeply and Aarsh turned out to be a fantastic kisser. He kissed and touched me all over the same as I did.

"Time to leave sweetheart." I said after getting close to his ears. I came close to the drawer at the side and put a cigarette between my lips plus lit it up.

"I think we could be suitable with each other for the coming nights, darling!" Aarsh spoke out of the little desperate grin on his cheeks. I held the cigarette between my fingers and blew out the cloud of smoke above my head.

"I'm afraid it cannot take place sweetheart. Now will you collect your stuffs and move out?" I was the owner of a very saccharine voice under my throat as I tried to speak in an exceedingly gratifying tone. I tapped the ashes out of the ciggy.

"But darling..." I stopped him in between.

"Take the door sweetheart." I said in a loud and an exquisite pitch. Aarsh heard his millionaire brat ego cracking down to pieces as he started to dress up. He put his clothes hurriedly and started to leave in a little anguish over his head.

I followed him to get out of the bed still naked with the burning cylinder in my hand. As he was leaving, I snatched him just at the door front to kiss him sweetly on his lips and spoke, "See you soon." Before Aarsh could try to return the honors, I smashed the door on his face. I puffed on the cigarette for the final time and stubbed it on the ashtray.

Since moving in to Delhi, Aarsh was one of the several boys I ditched after a few evenings in the bed. I always liked a good hard dick on a buffed guy but what I loved more was making an emotional bond with someone and realizing of them having better qualities than just being a good hard fucker in bed. From what I knew of Aarsh over a short time, he definitely was not even half good as per my asking.

But to find a man like that was all but impossible - at least in my area or the college I studied. This was one of the causes I did between one night stands and signed up a casual boyfriend now and then. I could have gone upfront to train a man under my requirements but what would have convinced them out of the fake masculinity they hold over their heads at all the times. I knew I had to wait for the right man to fall in the pecking order.

After Aarsh left, I covered myself with the loose T-shirt from the top and put on my thong back at the bottom to cover myself down the waistline nudity. Hunger has been bothering me after sex. I prepared myself the dinner to kill my appetite under my stomach. Tying my hairs back to a low lopped bun after my dinner, I initiated to plow my head in my fatty dental studies books.

I continued to study till 1 at the midnight. During this time, I had slurped in another half of nine hills 750 ml bottle under my throat. I was a terrible wine consumer but it always helped me to focus more on my studies. This was no factually proved thing but just a superstition I was stuck around. Getting my books at the side of the bed, I laid myself to sleep. Due to the rugged effect of the wine on my head, I slept as soon as I closed my eyes.

The following morning I woke up at my regular time. I did a very quick shower after getting into the bathroom. Coming out, I again quickly got myself in one of my lingerie pair. I placed white floral V neck top and black leggings over my bottom; in recent times my butt always seemed to be bigger than it were originally. Due to my comparatively smaller waist, my butt stuck out briefly from my bottom wears which indefinitely helped it to get provided with more attention. Was sex the reason or if it was puberty? I never knew. Assembling all these thoughts, I prepared to come out to be in my SUV and drove out of the house.

Subsequent to getting a few lectures done in college hours, I made my way in the canteen to fill my tummy up. The male attention was not a new thing anymore. After ordering my meal, I found a corner table close to the window for myself to sit.

I was not allergic to a group or friends, but due to my imperative and transcendent attitude, I on no account attracted people to stay longer with me. The ones I attracted were so like Aarsh and for the others I didn't, I was just a mysterious loner girl, who won't hurt to be part of; make new friends. However I was not at all bothered by it. I took out my iPhone from the side pocket and did what any teenager would do - scrolled over my social media news' feed.

There came a knocking on the table from the front, "It seems the canteen is full. Would you mind if I take a seat?" It was a sweet and low voice with a very beckoning accent flowing in.

"I'm not even bothered young man, please do." I replied by still looking at my phone.

"Thank you, Miss Shayna." He said after taking the seat.

"Excuse me? How the fuck do you know my name?" I asked after taking my head up.

"It's written on your bag." He replied softly again.

I really didn't hear what he just said since I was more focused on checking him out. I was unable to take my eyes off his perfect face down his soft silky hairs. His milky white cheeks at the peripheries gave his round chubby face a perfect end. The guy seemed very adorable and in no way appeared like an adolescent man. I loved the way he looked.

"I'm sorry, what did you?" I questioned after taking my senses back in the conversation.

"It's written on your bag Ma'am." He spoke out gingerly.

"Oh haha", I said timidly smiling with my teeth out. Turned my head at my bag and added, "I always fail to notice that. Sorry!" I felt some nervousness myself in my voice.

"That is okay." His voice was as soft as any white pigeon's feather furthermore his charming looks only added to his lovely pitch. I couldn't stop myself just looking at him openly.

Suddenly I sensed awkwardness and rose my pitch nervously again, "Never saw you before, new admission?" I asked bluntly.

"No. I'm in the second year in the Endodontic department." He replied slowly.

"How come you don't appear then?" My selection of words didn't keep pace with myself then.

"I'm a little new in this canteen ambience Ma'am after not plunging a lecture since getting a detention the last year." He said in a gradual tone after focusing his head constantly on the table. He had still not taken it up to look at me.

"Oh a nerd, I like nerds." I joked a little

"A little studies enthusiast is more like it Ma'am." He defended himself. 

"First of all, please care to tell who the Ma'am here is?" I said after taking my hand over my cheek and getting into a little smirk.

"This is the way I have known to greet new people with. Is it wrong?" He kindly spoke out again.

"Oh that's not a problem." I was well laughing in myself by now. "Would you bother to get that cheese burst from the counter for me? The guy already waved me twice to get the order." I asked him in my usual exquisite tone.

"Sure Ma'am." He got away to the counter to get my pizza from there and kept facing the floor. He was tall - six footed I assumed; a regular skinny Indian teenager with some very delightful attributes. As he was getting my order for me, I secretly captured some pictures of him from the back and the front. In a moment, he brought me a few glasses of water as well on my asking. I managed to make him useful at the very first meeting; of course this was also not new. There has been many perverts before who did the same.

I was struggling to take my eyes away from him after being heavily attracted to him in a bit. I got my meal done and prepared to leave.

"That is it, I'm full. Nice to meet you!" I said after rubbing my hands clean with the hand papers. I got my bottom up from the seat to start leaving.

"Yes it was nice meeting you as well." He said while looking at me.

"Haha, you are too sweet and gentle, young man. Do you have a name?"

"Oh yes, it's Nishit. I am Nishit." He was very slow while replying. He was the only guy after a long that could have minded to not look at my body and had a conversation by just looking at my face and also answering gently. I found his gesture very impulsive.

"I'm Shayna and you are allowed to call me by the same name." With the little laugh on my cheeks, I approached my right hand towards him. He replied after grabbing my hands under his palm as we got into a handshake. I kept his hand in my palms for more than ten seconds to get a good look of him. I was into him in a very short time. Nishit pulled a tad to take his hand away.

I started to take my feet out of the canteen. With my each steps from the random tables, every guy got their heads up to glare at me. I kept ignoring every moan about me in the way, before stopping just at the front door of the canteen. I turned my head backwards to stare at Nishit; he looked back co-incidentally. I had a sour heart by now.

I placed myself in my large SUV again to get out of college. My next stop was to collect the sum that I was pending to be given on my performance last week in a five star hotel. I went in the hotel in order to meet the payment from the management. I collected it while started coming out of there. On my way out, I came around a similar face. It was Aarsh. He looked at me with bit grief and came closer to me.

"Whom are you drawing in your fraudulent tricks here?" His tone was filled with an unpleasant tone.

"What?" I asked him in shock. "Oh; no I'm here for a different reason, but Alas these bunch are not semen like you. They know how to stick out of people." I added after realizing the reason of his tone.

"Dare you misuse your tongue, or I will..." His tone was highly built as he paused a bit.

"You will?" I raised my eyebrows. His widened eyes told me how angry he was after I denied him yesterday. This was in no way a new thing for me. I have met people of his domain before.

"Are you displeased that you didn't spend another night with me?" I asked him unkindly. Aarsh was red in anger and came down angrily on me.

"No, not at all. Perhaps who would want to spend a night with an adult entertainer?" He said while looking at me.

"Who is one? And How?" I asked him despite knowing what garbage he would say next.

"You are the one. That dance form of yours, shaking belly and feeding oriental fantasies of socialist harems, you should be ashamed of yourself!" It was expected although his words lead me into a definite zone of anger. People of the hotel had been well looking at us following his loud speech. I didn't like ever when misconceptions were held upon belly dance being an erotic leisure material.

I led my hands forward and grabbed Aarsh by his testicles through the khakhi he wore. I squeezed his balls before all the prosperous attendants of the hotel and replied in an utter loud tone, "You know what would be an adult entertainment? After I tell your pack's size hidden inside to all these people. Never dare to show your perverse face around or I could get the digit printed as well. Loser!" I had just said it and kneed his balls before everyone. He coughed suddenly holding his midsection and I started going out of the hotel. I kept my head up and didn't bother to turn around to look at him.

I lead myself directly in the car to drive out. The moment didn't fill me with anger but a certain despondent notion. Without thinking about it much, I kept driving. I parked in my lawn before entering in the house. It was mid afternoon by now and I had to clean my mess from last night to leave the house untidy.

I changed my top and denim to just a large sized T-shirt over my undergarments. My thong between my round ass cheeks must have been well visible from the back, but honestly who cared. It was a loner's house. After making me the lunch and gulping it down, I opened another wine bottle to ready a few pegs for myself with much less carbonated water.

With being a dancing heck, I also knew the importance of my academics. I had to remain with my dental books until the mid evening. I gulped down an entire 250 ml bottle of La Reserve in this time. It didn't have much effect over my head. I had my dance performance in two nights and was full with optimism about winning it all. I dressed in my dancing choli and Ghaghara to prepare to rehearse.

Music queued; moving my bare midsection between the choli and skirt on the beats, I swayed my bulgy tummy perfectly. I had the fluidity of the highest standard going into this thing. The mistaken beliefs about the dance form being easy were clearly disgraceful. For me it required a lot of training, patience and dedication to achieve those seemingly effortless moves. These years of crude practice ever since my minor age has been of a great aid. My practice lasted more than an hour. Once cleaning my sweaty body under the shower, I went on to prepare the dinner for myself.

Living alone had its own singular concerns jointly. I ate my meal and started to leave for sleep in just the miniature T-shirt, leaving my oval butt naked in the bottom. Before sleeping I looked into my phone of the pictures I have captured earlier. It was of the same guy from morning - Nishit. His milky brunette appearance also some laughing candid showing off his pearl white teeth left me with a cold heart. I wanted to know everything I could of this guy. I began stretching my right leg on the bed to fit in comfortably and drowned myself to sleep. In no time, sleep gained its toll over my head.

Next morning was no different. I put a pair of blue sleeveless top over my upper body and a snowy white jeggings in the bottom. My rightly shaped legs oozed out the curvy structures from my tight pant. I placed myself in the car again to get away. I attended some lectures till the early afternoon. Post coming out of the classroom, I got into the canteen as usual. There was a couple present on the same corner table from yesterday. The girl was in the chair at window side while the guy right before her, exactly how I was sat with Nishit yesterday.

My head kept reflecting on Nishit, I had a mounting and desperate urge of seeing him all over again. In this occurrence some of my sources helped me finding more about him. As reported, Nishit was a guy coming from one of the highest tiered delegates' family of the state. Right through his early age, he has been a scholar wherever he was present to study. Even in college, Nishit has continuously maintained A+ in all the semester till date. The whispers also said that being this rich he still led a solitary life. People talked about him being jolly subsequent to staying away from home for the first time for his graduation studies. He was not really a cool labeled guy.

I was glad to learn this much about him while kept waiting for him to show up. I waited and waited furthermore prepared to get out of the canteen after staying for too long.

Walking down the campus for some minutes, I finally found Nishit sat in a chair at the doors of a class. He was writing something and seemed to be in a hurry. It seemed rather very unusual for me after knowing of his grades. But I still approached him following my utmost amusement of that split second.

"Wow, the handwriting though." I said. Nishit took his head up to look at me.

"Oh hi, SHAYNA if I am right." He built on to his tender tone.

"Hello, you finally are out of the Ma'am zone, aren't you?" I joked.

"I guess yes. What are you doing here?" He laughed.

"I was... stalking, I guess." Both of us got into a little smiling after hearing that. My heart abruptly clogged looking at him laughing; showing off his snowy white teeth underneath the slender pink lips.

"I forgot to complete the experiments yesterday, was busy with my PlayStation. Also being too lazy to do it afterwards, I have been kicked out of the lecture for now." He said in a low tone with his little shy cheeks giving a little laugh.

"Oh you poor thing." I patted his back lightly. Nishit had a big experiment box in his hands that must be almost of two feet. He leaned down towards the ground to hold the box.

"Could I ask for some help, Shayna?" He said after showing me the box. I held it comfortably in my hands while he started to come up from his knees. I turned around ahead of Nishit and as he was taking himself up, his legs accidentally got tingled in each other.

Nishit lost stability on his feet and started to fall on the ground. While tumbling down, his face out of the blue hit on my denim covered butt. I laughed harder at him; Nishit was embarrassed before the campus after his face touched my butt below the jeans. He still managed to laugh back sportingly. Nishit handled the box again and started to speak, "I'm so..." I stopped him in between.

I grabbed him by his waist and spoke out bluntly again, "It is okay you idiot. You would always find the spare. But from now on, don't you dare. Okay?"

"Did you realize that rhymed?" He was looking at me with a smiling set of cheeks. Suddenly I broke down and we started laughing. We laughed and laughed until both of us ended into a little smirk by constantly looking in our eyes. I kept my hands on him. I was just seeing him for the second time ever and couldn't help but keep looking at him for longer I could.

Every male in the scene cursed Nishit for what was happening. I had their heart burning with the position of my hands on his waist. I saw a little bulge inside his pants from the front; I was happy about the signal. Nishit was well erect by now. I helped him put the box in place ahead of leaving his waist alone. We got into exchanging our cell phone numbers before I left.

I attended one more lecture before the mid afternoon and prepared to leave in my car. Adding to the chance chain of events, I saw Nishit walking his way in the parking lot. I drove to his side and took my glasses down,

"I could offer you a ride son, only if you insist." I spoke out in a devilish smile.

"Oh, I have a ride of my own. Thank you." He pressed the unlock button on his key to siren a car up. It was not intriguing but very cool finding him owning a BMW m3 series. He entered in his car to start taking himself out of the campus. Nishit turned his head around from the car to me to wave me a nice goodbye. I was shocked but still laughed back with my honest consents against him.

I took some time out of my regular schedule to do something unexpected from my side. I was going to text a guy from my own, which could've happened before very long. Opening the text portal, I sent the first message, "Hey."

The minute hand completed one whole rotation while waiting for his reply. I started to study again. I did check on the chat box after some minutes. He finally messaged me back, "Hi:)"

I quickly unlocked my phone following listening to the notification tone. "What's up?" I messaged again. Nishit replied quickly now and with this, we got drowned into a heap of conversations that night.

Nishit had the humor of the highest order, which I found out after knowing him. We started to hang out with each other post college times. For a good three weeks since our first meeting I continued to hang out with him on daily basis. On his side he was also very happy to have the attentions of 'a girl as famous as me'. I just quoted what he spoke a few days back.

Subsequent to a half day at college, I led Nishit to a nearby restaurant after growing tired due to hunger. We had the food placed in the plates against us as we were talking. After a brief talk on my family's occupation - a topic which I could always expect Nishit leading the line in nevertheless we were in any of the eateries. I have ordered white sauce pasta for myself with Nishit having a Pizza for his allurement.

In a minute between eating, I added, "What does your dad do?"

Before Nishit could answer I had to put the flowing scarf of mine to rest. I undid it from my neck and handed it to Nishit adding again, "Could you please take care of it for a while dear?" Nishit didn't mind and with a smile he took the scarf from my hand. "Yes, now you could begin Nishit. So about your dad?" I asked him.

"Actually I have no dad Shayna after he passed away due to a road accident the year I turned 4." Nishit answered slowly.

"Oh I'm very sorry dear. What happened after that?"

"It is okay Shayna, don't be. After Dad already owned an ample business diligence then; post his death the property was named after mom as per law. Even though people considered otherwise, mom's qualification and management skills earned the brand twice the fame in a very less time. Looking at this date, people owe already a lot from our brand which is because of the foothold of that turnaround; with time the dimension has just got grown larger and larger." It was getting interesting slowly and I liked how Nishit trusted me with all this information.

"That is incredible dear. But what about you, a lad so rich left to rot single in his youth?" I asked him keeping the humor.

"Except of my senior high, I was sent to a special boys' school for the most part of my childhood and youth. This makes me unreachable of any female attention. I was offered a car after turning eighteen, something that mom decided." He said.

"Oh and I seemed to think else ways till now." I grinned a little. Nishit also smiled shyly looking at the floor and hearing me deprive his sexuality.

"How are you so enslaved to a video game that you keep mistaking things often? What holds you back really?" I asked him taking a new turn in the conversation.

"I am not ENSLAVED... umm I am just fulfilling what was left back in the day?" he replied keeping his lowered tenor.

"But doesn't this thing require changing? How far would it take you along?"

"But isn't it weird...?" He asked me while looking at the floor.

"What is?"

"Someone enslaving herself to a dance form is questioning me about my fascinations?" He grinned a little while saying that. He joked that was evident.

"Come here Nishit." I called him looking in his eyes. He just leaned forward until I grabbed him from his collar; I spoke sternly by grinding my teeth, "Don't you ever and I mean ever... disrespect what I do or you will have it from me. You understand?" I went as close as I could and literally felt Nishit breathing tightly due to more rapid rate of heartbeats. I undid his collar and he fell back to his place.

"I'm sorry Shayna, I didn't mean that..." He mumbled. There was a silence for a few seconds until I killed it off.

"I made a correct call perhaps." I put my muscled hands at front and continued, "With a body well-built and hands tougher than yours I could beat you right away if you didn't... finish THIS on time."

I pointed on the already cold pizza of him that Nishit had spared while listening to me. He looked down on table and shook his head in a sudden grin over his attractive face. Nishit exhaled sharply. I scared him very much I supposed.

"But I have been managing your scarf as well, somehow could it be managed on its own?" He was a very innocent nineteen years old.

"Get it over your neck then!" My words were more sarcastic than genuine but it hit clever Nishit like pen on paper. He went forward to put the ladies scarf around his neck in real and started eating as I stated. I could've laughed however some of my superiority ambushed over my modesty. Before we could finish our meals I spoke again.

"Perhaps, I have my performance in our college event night next week, are you coming?" I asked him.

"I don't know. I am not looking forward towards it. Just a lame set of public competing in a scripted event. No affirmation from my side." Nishit spoke out of a direct denial.

"I understand you can still make efforts to walk your feet down there, for me!" I ordered him indirectly holding his hands.

Nishit kept looking at me, "Okay Ma'am." He said after oozing out a little smile from his lips. I felt my cold heart inside.

I was always looking for cons in men but with Nishit it was different. Even after being with me since a few days, he still didn't take his eyes down my face or would have initiated a touch on my body. I was very impressed by him on his gentle gestures. I wanted this to end and post this lunch I held Nishit by his waist and went closer. I drew him close to me by the scarf and threw my body on him to get in a lovely embrace. Nishit eventually put his hand slowly over my open waist from behind as we build on to the hug. His warm masculine torso mingled with my curvy dancer's body as we hugged lovingly. Once we came away, Nishit had an insistent smile flowing over his cheeks, he liked it.

Being in the special boys' school all through his life, Nishit had never felt the company or authority of a girl over him, but he did now. It felt beautiful for me to be his first. In a few days being more together, he couldn't stop thinking about me in fact I couldn't either. After a certain point, it turned normal for us to be up daily till midnight texting each other. Like the scarf incident, Nishit found it normal to take orders from me and liked to get encouraged by me and I did it unhesitatingly. Just about daily I motivated him to get his works done; also nearly always I had to order him meanly to do his works. Nishit always obeyed my rousing tips.

The days flew to the next week. I walked in the campus to see Nishit. I was very much convinced after watching him attending the lecture sincerely. I stood just outside the class to remind him by my hand gestures about the event tonight. Nishit said yes about coming tonight and I jumped in myself knowing about it. The gang of perverts attending the lecture stared at both us as we talked in the distinctive sign language.

Later the day, I spent a set of hours to practice for my performance tonight; I readied myself for the event. I was dressed in a revealing bead bra choli top ending above my navel. I had a full fringe skirt covering my entire bottom under my waist; the skirt was tapered from my thighs above the knees giving my milky and shaped legs a good view from the side. I had placed a feet long waist chain with a dozen of coins embedded over my hips. There was already much crowd gathered outside my SUV after I made my way out of it to the backstage. I held my head high and kept walking. 

After my name announced in the microphone, I went up on the stage to meet the crowd. Music got queued on my series of yeses for sound check. Starting with my percussive movements, I performed my signature hip drops and hip lifts on the beats. I fluidly swayed my hips at a very fast rate also complimented the low drum sound with the striking thud of the coins over my waist. The good 2k capacity crowd at the event came on their feet once my performance ended. I bowed down before them to thank everyone on their positive response.

I started to come out of the stage. My pleasing was added up after seeing Nishit there. I hugged him tightly, Nishit held me back tighter in his arms. The show ended and I was awarded the first golden prize for my performance. Gathering the award, I started to walk towards the backstage. I didn't let Nishit get away from the backstage. I held his hands to take him out of college campus through a small backdoor to tackle the public.

On my asking, Nishit got his m3 out of college gate where I waited for him in the dark. I got inside the car. Nishit started to drive away.

"Are you a crowd shy?" Nishit spoke against me.

"You really believe it?"

"Perhaps the chain of events right now has been depicting the same."

"No you... my skirt malfunctioned, look." I got my hands off my hip. My skirt was ripped off from the side in real giving my thong panties a clear view from my hips.

"Uh-oh." Nishit started to get his eyes off my panties. He grinned next to me and in a moment we laughed harder on it.

Nishit drove to his place which was nearer from college. He resided alone in a two storied apartment just like me. The size of the apartment told me enough what I wanted to know about his background. He was a rich lad. I held my skirt in one hand while grabbed my golden trophy in the other as making way out of the car. Nishit unlocked his house to welcome me in. I started to make my way inside.

He sat me in his drawing room on the couch. Nishit offered me a glass of water; I gulped it all down to fade the thirst away from my throat. The intensified dancing had its effect over me. I felt much relieved after drinking water. Nishit did all he could to make me feel comfortable. He looked very adorable while making these efforts and I jammed my gazes upon him for a few minutes straight.

"You are a very good boy." I said slowly. I started coming away from the couch. I came close to him with much love in my eyes.

"Why would you help me like this Nishit? What am I to you?" I was directing our conversation in the right direction.

"This is complicated Shayna. I just wanted you to not get embarrassed in public so I made sure to protect you from any shameful event. I care for you." He said in his cute charming accent. His low pitch of voice made my heart go cold.

"Oh is it really like that?" I asked him.

"Yes it is." He replied being soft as ever.

"You don't like me being in any shameful event, do you?" My sensual tone came alive here.

"No!" He replied as expected.

"Would you want my skirt to fall down so I could be left embarrassed by it?" I said as I pinched my chest on his and went closest I could go.

"Like right now?" He replied immaturely. I almost laughed out on his childishness and kept looking in his eyes.

"I don't appreciate this many questions sweetheart. Would you or would you not?" I asked him straight and stern.

"No, I won't." Nishit answered keeping his low tender voice.

"Then don't." I placed my hand away from my skirt to let it slip away of my waist. Nishit quickly positioned his one hand on my skirt over the hip and subsequently did his other hand too. Having never touched a girl before, he had his hands shivering due to enthusiasm. He held my skirt still in his hands from my hips.

"Get your hands more down; the skirt would stand still grabbing from the core." I spoke in a low seductive voice. Nishit felt a massive discomfort in his hands. He started to shiver more since it was just my butt on the way more down my hips. He did his shivering hands at just the top of my ass cheeks.

"More." I said to him slowly. Nishit had a curious look in his eyes as he took his shivering hands more on my round ass cheeks.

I smiled feeling half of his hands over my butt on the skirt. "MORE." I raised my pitch seductively while had my eyes shut. He slid his shivering hands down on my curves to place his hand perfectly on my round butt from between. Nishit molded his fingers a bit to feel my very soft and warm butt skin between his palms.

"Now get a good grip on my skirt, to not let it fall down. I don't want to be embarrassed." I kept my eyes closed and spoke with my seduced tone on.

Nishit was given the straight green light by me. He felt my fleshy butt skin under his palms. He kept on squeezing my round butt under his palms. Nishit was very obedient to me and I was in love with his amazing touch on my ass. I held his shoulders to get myself upwards on his two inched taller height. I leaned more to kiss him on his soft lips. Looking at him it could've been said that Nishit never felt anything like that in his 19 years of life.

He started to kiss back after a few lovely motions of my lips on his. Being an amateur, he kissed back in a low pace. Nishit kept his motioning hands squeezing on my round butt. I started to take my hand on his well erect dick through his pants. I massaged all over it with my hands, Nishit stood in discomfort as he kept kissing on my lips with his hands over my skirt.

"Hold my skirt still, son." I started to walk towards the bedroom. I stood before the bed with him as he held my skirt still.

"Get on the bed, babe."

He did as he was told. Holding my skirt, he made his way on the bed. I was very inflamed to undo his pants down. He kept a hold of my skirt when I was firmly placing myself on the ground. I got his hands away from my butt; my skirt fell down from my hips to reveal my half butt crack inside the thong. My hands on laid on his pants to unbutton it. Getting his zip down, I slid down his underwear till his thighs. Nishit had a fair six and a half inched erection between his pubic hairs.

I held his dick in my hand. With my palm set over his full erection, Nishit looked to have butterflies running down his tummy. I got his dick skin down to expose his pinky tip. I dug down on his dick with my tongue. Nishit released a heavy whimpering sound almost a scream as soon he felt his sensitive tip being touched with something for the first time. I danced my tongue over his entire dick top. Nishit kept moaning harder with his eyes closed. His expressions started to change as I placed his entire dick length inside my mouth.

I started to expertly suck on his hard shaft. Nishit had dissatisfaction all over his body and kept rubbing himself on the bed. I teased him some more by roaming my tongue slowly on his edgy penis opening. Nishit had the time of his life as he kept moaning with the painful seduction on his penis. After an interval of ten minutes, I released his wet dick from my mouth. Nishit had his heartbeat at a higher rate once I released him.

I started to come across him on the bed with my loose skirt still at the bottom. As soon as I placed myself on his lap, the skirt fell down of my thighs to my calves leaving my butt open with just the thong covering it from the center. Nishit grabbed my bare ass cheeks under his palms as I started to kiss him again. I lick him on his tongue, Nishit responded to it slowly. He kept squeezing my butt, while we continued to kiss for some minutes.

I dropped down my beaded choli from the top to reveal my half bare breasts with the pinky nipples. I placed his head on my breasts to make him suck on it. It was all very erotic for Nishit as he started to press my soft teenage breasts between his lips. He took my nutty hard nipples in his mouth to plant some nice kisses on it. I kept my eyes closed to feel his tongue over my nipples also moaned in pleasure. I held his dick in my hands and looked at with much love in my eyes.

"Time to make this thing useful babe." Saying that I lay on the bed on my back. I called Nishit in my arms. Nishit got his T-shirt out of his body; to lay down on me. I glued Nishit on my body at first to hug him with all the love in the world. Nishit was still a virgin and he couldn't wait to penetrate inside a Punjabi girl as beautiful and hot as me like the world calls me. "Where is the rubber idiot?" I asked him in a tender tone.

"Oh... I don't have it. Is it important?" Nishit had his eyes wide in bewilderment.

"Yes of course, it is." I almost yelled in the dynamism. Continued, "You would just go grab it, while I stay here." I ordered him being a little apprehensive and wound up at the same time.

"But I have never... You know!" He mumbled staying on my top.

"Then I would never... You know!" I answered being the same stubborn and animated.

"No, this is an unfair statement. You cannot..." I put my finger on his lips to hush him a little.

"What do you want?" I asked him looking in his eyes.

"Look this is new for me and I want you to..." He developed a habit of leaving his statements incomplete in nervousness.

"Stop being a pussy, and be clear of what do you want? Tell me now. You want me to?" I raised a voice against my childish bed mate.

"Guide me!" I couldn't help but laughed on his asking.

"What? What is there to laugh?" He asked me being a little annoyed now. I helped and finally stopped myself from making fun of him anymore.

"Look at your size Geez. You don't need guidance to buy a condom, do you?" I said while still grinning a little.

"Stop it now. I'm serious Shayna." He really called like a little child closer to cry and was sober in asking my help. I looked in his pretty eyes and said.

"Okay. But you cannot ask like you own me. It is no for now, try being nice!" I said raising my eyebrows. I was acting fairly naughty against this six footed child.

"Fine then. Could you please help me Shayna?" He requested nicely.

"Ughh... Your pitch kiddo. It hurts inside my ear buds. Still a NO!" I kept being as mischievous as I could. Nishit was left with a tingled look but I knew the fantasy of getting inside me would not stop him from being nicer.

"Could you please help me Ma'am?" I couldn't aid of the enormous cuteness in his eyes. Nishit looked helpless and longing to get a help. I put my hand on his naked midsection and slid my hands down his shaft to touch his testicles. I grabbed it under my palms also put pressure on his full membrane. Nishit replied with a thunderous, "OUCH." I didn't stop making him uncomfortable and enjoyed his vulnerability.

"Okay son. I put a tick mark upon your request but remember to follow my orders, would you?" I spoke against him and kept my hand still over his balls.

"What orders?" He asked me in a little discontent. I mercilessly lifted the pressure over his balls to compound more pain down his body and Nishit came on his toes as he moaned again.

"Any more questions and I would be taking this tool of yours out of your body also your expectations to get inside me in chain as well. Any questions remained now?" I squeezed his balls again. Nishit closed his eyes and called out slowly,

"No, no more questions Ma'am. What am I supposed to do?" He was in the spree of being a good boy slowly. I had started to love this man even more. I was trying not to laugh continuously but this was slowly getting enjoyable.

"Get your phone out, and dial to me. Don't bother to hold up until asked to. Now get going." I ordered him sternly.

"And remember to not take more than ten minutes honey. Every extra minute could cost you indefinitely." Nishit had a nervous look over his face.

Nishit hurriedly got in his shorts and a T-shirt at the top. He turned his head towards me and a smile flowed over his face. I looked at him raising my eyebrows and gave away a little wink also kept my fingers on my lips to order him to stay quiet and get going quickly. As soon as he walked out of the house, I laughed harder on his childish desperation. The phone was still held on so he must have surely listened to my laughing. As I heard keeping the phone at my ears, I could feel Nishit running towards the medical store at the end of the society. He quickly got on the counter to face the shopkeeper.

"WHAT THE FUCK!" Those were the only words in all I heard from him on the phone.

"What?" I asked.

"My confidence diminished as soon as..." He was really a pussy now after leaving most of his dialogues incomplete.

"Time is running out honey. Now tell me your confidence diminished as soon as?"

"As soon as I found out the shopkeeper to be a 50 or 60 years Old man; I don't know. He is old for god's sake. Help me!"

"You idiot, go on by yourself and ask for it. Time is elapsing remember." He went in the shop and sounded like shivering very harder for a long minute and kept rewinding the same 'Uncle.., Uncle...' for a dozen of times. He got on his phone again and said, "I don't know how to ask for it. Please help me." I laughed very hard as Nishit spoke.

"Give him the phone." I kept laughing.

I talked to the shopkeeper and he got into laughing as well after listening to his dilemma. The old man handled him a packet of dotted condom; Nishit lend him the money in return.

"She seems hot, make it memorable son." The Old man must have given him an amusing wink I understood. Also my squashy mate must have smiled shying as he ran his way back to the house. I cut the call from my end and placed my iPhone near the television screen in a standing position. I knew what I was doing.

Opening the door hurriedly, he walked inside the house. Nishit got in the bedroom quickly with his half short already out from his hips. He looked towards the bed. I was laid comfortably in the bed with my open legs. Nishit took one more step forward until I stopped him, "Uh-Oh, tell me how much time did you take?" I spoke against him.

"Umm... Five minutes sharp but does it matter now? Look what I've got." He showed me the condom pack that he had brought.

"It's not about that, is it? A deal is a deal babe." I fatally showed my reluctance.

"What are you going to do then? Spank me? Or what?" Nishit joked with a smile still on his charming face since he came in. I liked him in that expressive state but what was started has to end. This is what I always believed.

"Do you have anything to fill my appetite?" I asked him a question in return.

"I must be or I am not sure. I would have a look." A few minutes passed and Nishit came back from the kitchen. "I have a noodles packet available." He said.

"It's okay then babe. Make the plate for me, I am hungry." I ordered him firmly again.

"But!" He tried to make me look the condom pack, and I looked straight in his eyes.

"Come closer babe. Now!" Nishit did as I asked him to. As soon as he came closer, I didn't wait but put his testicles in my hand. I squeezed it inside my palm as hard as I could and made him jump upon his feet. I looked at him annoyed and spoke, "We had a deal remembered?"

He replied slowly while still getting though the sufferings, "Yes we did, Ma'am."

"Why do you keep forgetting it?" My hand pressurized as much as my strength allowed. It was a little more intensified as before but I certainly cared less at this moment.

"I won't now Ma'am. Please let me go!" He was getting forward as I wanted him to.

"I like to hear more. What did you call me?"

"Ma'am."

"Good boy. Out now, and be back with the meal." My cheeks were smiling a little as I tried harder to not burst out then. Nishit was also smiling going out. He nodded with a competent smile and went out. This role-play had flavored our night really well by now. It made me very happy. However actually, it was Nishit himself who made me very happy.

He came back with a dish of fried noodles. It smelled fantastic and I guessed already how good of a cook my just about boyfriend was. Nishit handled me the plate well and I took it off his hands. I tasted the little first fraction with the spoon and those were the best bunch of noodles I ever had. I looked at him smiling and he was standing on the ground smiling back at me. I pointed my fingers on the floor to let him know about his seat.

Nishit followed playing his role as he pressed his bottom and sat on the floor. I started speaking, "Tell me again boy. How much late did you get when bringing what I asked you to?"

"Umm... Five minutes sharp but does it matter now?" He repeated the same line as before.

"You also asked something I could not answer sweetheart. What was it?" I asked him playfully. I had developed a smile and so did Nishit.

"What are you going to do then? Spank me? Or what?" He repeated again as I wanted him to. Nishit was smiling.

"I might answer you with it boy but try being more respectful. Remember how the tables are turned and who owns who? I hope this gets inside your head." I told him.

"Is spanking the method of consequence that I could face right now Ma'am? Or have you planned anything else? Please tell me." He framed his dialogue with a new flavor. I liked it.

"Pain is not always the proper preference honey. I could have other methods for you specially. But first, I need to make a seat for the bowl. I don't intend to get the bed sheets dirty. Do you have a table you want to bring to me?" As he started to move away I looked at Nishit again and said, "Perhaps my schedule could allow only ten seconds of my time. Be quick or I am going back home." I told him. He looked miserable but smiled in desperation and put himself on his all fours against me. Following my trick against him, he made himself human furniture for me. I put the bowl on his back which was my table now.

"Tell me, are you hungry?" I had just said that and he nodded in a yes in the position. I got doing what I planned for him. I took an ample amount of noodles twisted around the fork, and put it over my foot. Nishit looked at me with an amazed face and also kept smiling. I put the foot close to his face.

"Come on kill your appetite sweetie or should I dig my hand down there again."My hands were at his testicles as I terrified him with the sufferings and Nishit started licking the noodles out of my feet. He licked and ate all of it, leaving my foot clean in a few seconds. I did it a few more times and he replied with the same obedience, licking the noodles away from my foot. I was just left with a last spoon bit of the noodles now. I knew what to do of it.

"That was quick wow. Now time to offer you the answer babe as I said before pain is not always the first priority."

I spread the little portion of noodles down on the floor. The next thing I did was to mash the noodles under my foot and leaving some of it on the ground whiles the juices and a few scrap stayed stuck and hanging down from my sole. Nishit couldn't even bother to look upwards before I held the back of his head. I forced him to eat all of it from the floor.

I didn't have to lay much pressure on his head as he licked the noodles out of the floor and kept it all by himself. I couldn't believe how obedient Nishit could get. He didn't think twice to take his mouth at my feet after that and licked it clean as well. He finally looked up and seeing his chin, the noodle was still hanging from a portion of it.

Gathering the entire blocked giggles from earlier, I uncontrollably laughed at the instances in the last few minutes. Nishit also couldn't help but laughed back while rubbing his forehead in disbelief. While laughing, I had a look of pride in my eyes for him. Nishit impressed me abruptly. I leaned down to kiss his forehead while he was still on the floor. 

I just opened my legs next and held his head to guide him between them. Nishit started tongue fucking me. I moaned and showed my sensual satisfactions of that moment. He was very good at it with his fast movements of his tongue. Once Nishit drove me to a good and exotic orgasm, I couldn't remember what happened next. I fell asleep leaving the promise of fucking with him undone.

I kept sleeping till sunrise. I woke up in the bed and as I did I found myself laid comfortably in the bed. To my dismay, I was clothed on my upper body despite having been half clothed when falling asleep with Nishit's tongue in my vagina. I wanted to know what happened after I fell asleep. This was the time when answers had to get presented and I knew where to find them.

I looked at my hidden phone next to the television in the room. I at all times knew what I was doing last night. Getting the phone, I unlocked my phone looking in my gallery and always hoped the clips would help Nishit prevail from the test of his that I took last night. I started to look at the recordings of the entire evening.

'I was drowned to sleep with Nishit still between my legs for a span of five minutes. He took his head up although continuously looked at my vagina depicting him being well horny by now. After Nishit murmured something to me about his horniness, he looked at me fell asleep already. My big skirt was hanging down my calves leaving most of my legs exposed. Nishit quickly took it out fully from my bottom to leave my fleshy legs open. He got my coins' crammed waist-chain carefully out of my hip without making a noise.' This was the moment I told to myself.

'Annulling the preceding event, Nishit placed my choli back at the top to make it cover my breasts again. Grabbing a blanket from the bottom of the bed, he put it fully over me above my waist to cover me in it. He retracted himself from the bed.' I paused the video to comprehend how lovely this felt. I have really found my answer but still continued the clip. 'Nishit entered in the bathroom - to jerk off I assumed. After a minute of his stay in the bathroom, he came out.'

'He looked at my face again when I was deep asleep. He smiled and leaned forward to kiss my cheek and forehead. Nishit nudged my cheek and went away with a smile. He made his way out then. I fast forwarded the clip and it showed a single frame of me fell asleep till the present o'clock.' This clip almost stopped my heart.

I did make a fair point in considering Nishit a gentleman. I almost cried of proud after realizing what he did. Getting myself quickly out of the room, I went to find Nishit. He was asleep in the couch. I looked at his face with very much love.

I nudged on his head lovingly to wake him up, "Hello my lord, it's time to wake up." I leaned down to kiss on his forehead. Nishit sluggishly opened his eyes. He smiled after looking at me. I got him out of the couch and stood closer to him with my bare bottom down my waist. Nishit looked at my face as I started to speak.

"This; why is this left unused?" I held the condom pack in my hands and showed it to him.

Nishit was giving a shy giggle at my face. "I didn't do it because you were asleep Ma'am."

"But you had the chance idiot." I raised my tone thinly.

"You know I couldn't do it without my guiding light over my head." I was flattered with his words. Nobody has ever talked to me in this manner. I felt the coldness in my bosom. Before I start to cry, I threw myself on his body. "Really you; I don't deserve you Nishit. I love you so very much." I closed my eyes to say that in a compassionate tone while started shedding tears of joy in his arms.

"I love you too SHAYNA, I mean Ma'am; Ma'am!"

"Fuck off." I had a little more tears flowing down my eye as I hugged him tightly. He hugged me back. We got into a romantic grin as I started to plant my lips on him again. With a bit of lifted confidence from last night, Nishit kissed me back. I slide his shorts down to expose his fair innocent penis out of it. I ripped the pack apart to get the condom finally out and rolled it over perfectly on his dick.

"Throw my clothes aside boy, now." I started kissing him again. Nishit kissed me back and took my thong out of my butt-crack to leave my round ass entirely bare. He slid the choli off my shoulders as I stood fully naked before him. I got him out of his clothes as well, leaving him with just the condom on his dick.

Being nearly even heighted, we stayed neck to neck as an alpha couple with our lips planted over each other's. I slowly took him to the bedside, and kept kissing him on his lips. Nishit kissed back and held my butt in his hand.

I placed myself back in the bed. My callings reach him again like last night; Nishit repeated by getting laid upon my warm body likewise. I stretched my legs wide to give him a clear view of my vagina. Nishit smiled and handled his virgin dick in his hand. In the usual missionary, he slowly slid his dick inside my tight teenage pussy. Nishit breathe heavily and had his eyes closed with his terribly changed expressions to sink in the pain after fitting his shaft inside my tight hole.

I placed my hands on his good teenage ass. Nishit started moving back and forth slowly to get his full size in and out of my pussy. I moaned in pleasure as he started to fuck me in a descent pace. Nishit moaned harder with his each thrusting within me. I was enjoying my love's discomfort and held him by his ass to propel him more and more inside of me. I always longed for company of a good man in bed with me; this was new but an out of this world emotion so very irreplaceable. After a great sex for longer than a minute, he filled his condom with his seed. Nishit lay down in the bed. With the feeling of not being a virgin anymore, he felt blessed to have his first time with me. I did it too.

I threw myself in his arms to cuddle him to a nice nap of an hour. We were already late for our college. We as a couple stood under the shower to bathe together but without any eroticism involved. Nishit got dressed while drove me to my house. I also got dressed and we went to college with each other. People gathered to praise me for the performance last night as soon as I came in from the gate. We were watched with some suspicious eyes as we entered-in jointly. Our relationship grew more and stronger in the coming days.

At one of these evenings while talking with him, I had to wait for his next reply for more than an hour. I started studying to tackle myself from wasting time on the rest of the work. I prepared to fell asleep at 1. He replied late at midnight 2:30; when I was well asleep.

The day passed on to the next, I found him outside the lecture again; this was the fourth time in two weeks also with the same time running in the clock. I raised my eyebrows to give away a little chuckle.

With my animated wrist gestures I spoke, "Again?"

"I have developed a habit these days." He said after laughing back.

"You replied at 2:30?" I asked him.

"PlayStation." Nishit laughed in a little grin on his face.

"And you're proud of it?" I said in a not so fairly defensive tone. I was not very allured with his punishment.

"Oh, no it's not like..." Nishit mumbled and following my displeasure I got closer to him to grab him from his waist.

"Look, this thing doesn't suit you Nishit, get your shit together and don't repeat it." I told him in a rough accent.

"But why do you dislike of my involvement in appalling stuffs? I don't understand this Shayna." He was very innocent regardless of his good looks. He really didn't have much idea of the dynamics of a relationship. I kept looking at him and said directly,

"Oh what are you man? I love you Nishit and that is the reason I hate you involved in such stupid activities." As I said it Nishit kept looking at me and didn't answer anything.

"I love you too Shayna." He mumbled slowly while looking at the floor.

"I am pleased to hear that. But did you note what I said before?" I said a little too heavily.

"Oh yes... yes... I would look after it." His tone said how clumsy and unsure he felt while saying that.

"Look after? What kind of answer it is? Can't you be sure?"

"I mean..." Nishit mumbled as usual. I didn't like the way this man was answering after all I liked him like my own asset. He was the only one in these two years in the entire campus to have my soft spot against. I cared for Nishit.

"Do one thing dear, hit my apartment tonight. I will help you with the works." I said directly, taking advantage of his clumsiness. I didn't want to waste whichever opportunity of bringing him closer to me.

Nishit looked at me and just said; "OKAY." He was low while replying. It was good news for me.

"I will see you tonight then, Have a good day." I leaned forward to kiss him on his cheek.

He kept staring at me as I was walking away from him. At a moment after walking a fair distance away, I turned around to stare at him once; my heart went cold again as I found him staring at me already. I smiled insistently and walked away.

I got home, planned to do what I always do. I danced and did my house chores in the daylight. There were no intentions of mine to drink before Nishit, so I had my wine before he arrived. It just showed 8 in the clock when I got a knock on my door; it was Nishit on the other side of the door. I opened the door to welcome him in. As he came in, I offered him a glass of water. After getting the water down his throat, I placed him and also myself in the two chairs facing each other. We didn't talk much because the time was not favorable enough to chit-chat then.

Nishit got his works out and on my command he started studying with me. My head was continuously hearted in the books and I had been keeping doing it since an hour. In this time, Nishit had only studied three quarters of the hour. Nishit did some of his work for some time, before handling his phone in the hand.

It was very normal for any teenager to get distracted in their phones although not with me. Nishit started to unlock his phone for the tenth time in an hour. As soon as he could touch the screen to unlock it, he found my resentful eyes looking at him.

"Give it to me, Nishit!" I said in an orderly tone. Nishit looked at me for a second, he couldn't initiate an answer to my austerely eyes. Nishit to my dismay left his seat silently to handle me the phone. I liked how obedient he was. I put the phone sideways while both of us started again with our works.

Nishit didn't take eyes off his assignments now, he continued to do it. His phone rang at some notifications, but due to its site next to me he ignored it wholly. In the meantime, he was also done with the first part of his assignments. I checked on it in the whole, I was fairly convinced by his work. I gave a quick peck on his cheeks and patted on his head in appreciation. It definitely made him feel small and Nishit just smiled at me. I planned for us to eat dinner afterwards together. He was a good company.

In the mid of my work, I laid my legs straight to sit in the couch to get into a fair halt. Nishit was sat in the chair and continuing looking in the books to study. It was still unbelievable for me that I had Nishit in my home sitting before me. Precedent evenings I did manage to get guys in my house; only to make love however my stance was not certainly same for Nishit. I could've done anything with him as well but I didn't want to open myself that earlier against him. I felt differently for Nishit.

"So?" I started in a medium tenor.

"Yes?" He answered in a lower tone taking his head up.

"Nothing dear keep working, you look nice acting a descent individual." I joked.

Seeing I was getting off the seat to go to the kitchen, Nishit also put his books aside. I noticed him doing it. Before he could leave his seat, I announced, "Only the one, who has completed their stuff, could have the dinner." I said after looking directly at him.

The expression on his face changed. Nishit didn't protest to it and started to do his record books again. He was in total control of mine. I took the pasta out from the oven; I served myself in the bowl and started to eat by sitting just before him.

I ate my pasta and got the bowl back. His eyes said how he felt like 6 years old.

Nishit somewhat liked the treatment; he found my authority on him positive. I filled the bowl with pasta again. I placed Nishit at just at the bottom of my chair. He took his place cheerfully on the ground like the other day. I held his chin while fed him with the spoon being at the top in chair. On an instance his chin had the cheese dribbling down from it, I placed my tongue just at the end of his face and roamed it upwards on his chin towards his lower lip. I licked it all.

I sited my tongue between his lips then to let Nishit slurp in the cheese from it. Nishit tasted my entire tongue layered with the cheese. He didn't feel that much eroticism ever in his life. Both of us joked and laughed while I fed him properly afterwards. We were done in some minutes. I placed the bowl in the sink. Before Nishit could comfort himself on his seat again, I grabbed him tightly.

I started to kiss on his lips roughly. Nishit was shocked by my intensity on his lips. It took him a while to match my passionate pace and kissed back as we were drowned into a very wet and intensive kiss. I roamed my hands on his dick while he grabbed and squeezed my warm ass in his palms. Our tongues danced upon each other as we kept eating our lips. I slide his pajamas down and grabbed his naked dick as a leash; Nishit followed me to the bedroom.

I opened up my drawer to take out the condom from it. Nishit leaned forward in shock to watch a dozen of condoms placed already in my drawer. I rolled it properly on his shaft. I slide down my elastic shorts from my hip to expose my round butt and turned with my back on him. Nishit had my fully bare butt before his eyes. "Make me proud babe." I said slowly and leaned forward to bend on the edge of the bed.

Nishit must have had cold blood running all over his body, he went forward towards my bent bottom. Nishit stayed there trying to jam his hands on my butt. I believed he must have been confused finding the hole with my anus also clearly in view. I laid my hands back to grab his cock and placed it right at my clitoris to kill his confusion. Nishit held his penis to take it in my tight pussy from the back, he breathed heavily as it went in. I moaned in a high tone as well feeling the wide stretch of my pussy walls; I closed my eyes in ecstasy.

Nishit started to hit his hip back and forth on my butt to fuck my pussy from behind. Both of us moaned as he increased his pace. He grabbed my stomach from behind while started to shove harder inside of my pussy. These positioning and stance of him must have been inspired by the porn videos, I knew about that. I enjoyed the rough painful thrusting in my pussy; I cursed Nishit and kept moaning harder. Nishit hit on my butt with his hips and I threw out sprinkle of cum from my pussy.

Nishit also lowered down his pace as he came closer to cum with some additional slow thrusts. Nishit filled the rubber casing on his dick with his thick white liquid. He fell down swiftly on the bed to catch his breath. I rested next to him. I found my head on his chest to hug him from there. Nishit held me tightly and kissed on my forehead, I kissed on his bare chest. "The guy next to me is a blessing, I love him so much" I said slowly looking in his eyes and smiling.

"The girl next to me is a blessing, I love her so much." He said next to my dialogue. Nishit grabbed my body and draping my leg over his waist, I fell asleep in his arms.

We built on a beautiful relationship with each other it was becoming regular for us to get in and out of college together. With My fame; Nishit also earned some after being called as my boyfriend. In the space of just three weeks, I ended up winning two talent hunt programs, something that has been not very new for me since a while. The relationship with Nishit was surely a boost in my life. Every day

At one of the weekends, Nishit and I reached the college together. We kissed and got off to attend our individual lectures. All through the lectures, my head would whirl of what was happening in my life. These periods with Nishit enclosed to have filled with happiness all over. I was just walking by the campus when I found Nishit outside his class. To my disappointment, Nishit was punished again. Nishit dig his head on the ground to keep looking at it. I was dazed as I went near to him.

"Nishit?" I called him out.

He kept looking at the ground and didn't reply.

"What the fuck you think you are doing? Say why you are here again?" I maintained my medium tone. I placed myself next to him. Nishit didn't take his head up and seemed scared of getting embarrassed before his epithelial girlfriend. I held his hand to stop him from writing and kept his hand still.

"Look at me or I will kick your balls right against the whole campus." I was relentlessly angry.

Nishit took his scared head up to face me. Due to my thriving figure and traits, he always refrained to open himself up easily. "This is the monthly records book that I had to submit by today. I skipped to do it for the rambling and roaming we had been doing since a few days."

"SO?" I asked him angrily.

"So umm... it was left undone." He got his head down again.

"Oh god are you serious, our relationship came as a hurdle now. I should never have met you." I felt myself of having the blame.

I added, "Our meetings frequently had been held at night. What about the day time then?" I inquired.

"SHAYNA... I... I..." He stopped again following his clumsiness.

"Again? Are you serious? Should I let them all know by getting my hands on you? Complete the fucking sentence!" I told him sternly.

"I played on the PlayStation and probably am sleeping the rest of the time." He spoke in a low moist tone.

"Every day?" I grinned and asked him.

"Yes, everyday."

I reacted sober for a little but then got into laughing as I heard it. Nishit took his head up to see me as I laughed harder. I stopped in a while.

"A video game? Are you serious? Look at you man, just look at you. Okay and what about tomorrow's record completion?"

"It is supposed to be done by tonight." Nishit spoke tenderly as he faced me.

"No, it's supposed to be done this afternoon Nishit!" I told him keeping my stern pitch.

"But..." He tried replying to me.

"What?" I asked him roughly.

"It's a lot of work Shayna." He said keeping his head down.

"It doesn't matter Nishit. Come on let's go!" I held his hands and led him straight to his car. We settled in his BMW while Nishit drove us to his house. We didn't had a good conversation in the way also haven't laughed and joked like usually. He drove me in his house lawn as I prepared to walk out of the car.

As soon as Nishit unlocked the door, he looked at me. I went ahead to sit in the chair at a side in the hallway. I took my seat being in a good view with him. Nishit stood there looking at me miserably as he also went ahead to be sat in the couch.

"No." I stopped him. "You don't need a seat probably babe." His looks were telling me loudly how bewildered and scared he was standing there a few feet away from me.

"You know why you are here?" I asked him.

"No." He replied slowly.

"I'm going to help you with your works Nishit." I told him smilingly.

"Are you ready?" I asked while quitting smiling by now. I was pissed at my boyfriend and didn't like this side of him.

He just nodded being at a light distance away from me. 

"But before we begin Nishit, I understand we have to talk for the sake of betterment of our communications. It would be of a great help to our bond." I said there. Nishit stood there listening to me.

"As you don't know your slip-up nature in studies only ends up embarrassing me baby." He spread his eyebrows in fear to look at me. "Yes Nishit it does and it is your eleventh time by counting in this month. I have to make sure it doesn't go like this." I made my stance clear there.

"So are you planning to get it done or is it the same scenario again? I guess it is the same again. Right?" I knew my accent was a little too heavy.

"No, I would complete it. I promise." He finally spoke in all these minutes. His tone and range of language always told me what I wanted to know of him.

"Promise? What are you? A three years' old kid? I must have mistaken you for someone else. I was wrong. Please forgive me." I started to take myself away from him. I knew I was being dramatic but for Nishit my leave was no less than a gloomy thing.

"Shayna?" He put his hand on my wrist to stop me from going away. "Please stay!" He pleaded like he should.

"Why should I?"

"Because I would make myself better from here. You are one of the best things I had in a while, and losing you is something I can't afford." He pleaded like a little child.

"You like it, don't you; having a wasteful conversation to spend time?" I asked him unsympathetically.

I added, "But you know what; you are truly three years old. And if it's continuing in this sort then I have to behave in the same manner with you. I know how it could be done baby."

I added, "STRIP!" My commanding tone was very heavily built right now.

He had to look at me for a little while and replied shaking.

"I... I... I don't understand Shayna!" He mumbled looking at me.

"I said strip and get out of your freaking clothes Nishit!" I went forward in rage and put my hand finally on him after all this control. My palm gave a loud striking sound with his cheek. Nishit looked down in shame. In the time I turned around to get to my seat; he started doing his clothes out of his body.

I crossed my leg on another and saw him leaving himself naked. In the next moment my teenage boyfriend was on his feet before me without a single cloth over his all six footed physique. Looking at him I positively felt of the power dynamic in our relationship.

"Crawl over here Nishit." I said pointing at the floor close to the feet of my chair. Nishit has done it before so a new vibe wasn't placed in his head. He hesitated but still came forward to sit on the floor right before me.

I held Nishit by his cheeks as he sat on his knees. I looked in his eyes and spoke, "Can you be honest with me Nishit, and answer to me. What stops you from studying baby?" I started having the conversation.

"What do you mean Shayna?" He answered as I expected.

"There must be something Nishit. I think this would help you to remember!" I stamped my foot over his testicles and sandwiched his organ between my foot and the floor. I mercilessly raised pressure to make him suffer; my discontent since this long only worsened the situation for Nishit. My poor boyfriend struggled and has been moaning by now. After finding him not speaking I went on with his punishment.

In addition to these, I twisted his nipples in my hand and also slapped on his cheek again. My heavy hand's imprint was clear over his cheek. "Do you remember baby? What stopped you?" I questioned while continued getting carried away with his punishment. Nishit has not answered before I slapped him twice again with the hands over his cheeks. I made him feel pain over all the ends of his body. As I released him, he directly touched his testicles to massage over it in order to getting over the pain.

He was not moving while spoke in grief, "I'm sorry Shayna, I won't let it get repeated." He sounded very little while still being naked on the floor before his girlfriend.

"That's laughable because I won't let you Nishit. There are no 'you' left in your bag now dear. Give me your phone." He handled me his phone. I put the phone at a corner in his room and made sure the camera angle was covering the entire room of him including him. Once I was assured I went to him again.

"I would be leaving in a while Nishit. But here is what you have to do after I'm gone baby; you are supposed to be doing all your work by being exactly where you are sat right now, on the floor. The camera would be keeping an eye on you once I have left. After you are done, send me the clip baby. Look it's fine if you are up to the task if not, then it's over baby; simple as that. Here, handle this." I tossed the book on the floor next to him.

"If you prepare to move from here make sure it's for a good reason." I added to his humiliation, "Also if you develop any urge to pee just show your index finger in the camera - you are three years old remember?" I helped myself to not laugh seeing him naked on the floor and listening to the orders I gave him.

He agreed to it like a little child. My cute boyfriend stayed on the floor taking commands from me; it was such a turn on. I went forward to sit in his lap and grabbing him by his waist, I kissed him on his lips. By now, my relationship with him was fairly confirmed in both of our minds. I started to walk away.

I rounded my hand on his hips. He looked at me quietly with his cute eyes. "I would see you tonight baby." I moved my lips on him for a few seconds and didn't stop until seeing his erection. I moved my hands upon it and added, "Keep it tight until evening baby. We might mingle if you are a good boy." As I moved up and over his waist, I started walking out of the house.

Reaching till the door, I turned around to look at Nishit doing his work on the floor naked. He was trapped in his own house and also his movements limited to a certain zone; all this under my control. The power vibe in my heart gave me Goosebumps all over. I did the door of house and came out.

I dance practiced and did my works after reaching home. Before sunset, I received a video from Nishit. It was three hours long so I fast forwarded it and stopped at a few intervals to look at any changes in the current frame. Nishit did listen to me and been very obedient in getting his works done. This was very intriguing from my stance.

Meanwhile the sun set itself at the bottom. I was preparing drinks before his arrival. I went to hug him and kiss on his lips; Nishit held me back and replied on the lips. I took charge as usual and asked Nishit what was supposed to be done. He gave me all the miniature details of his work. I commanded him to start doing it; he did as I told him to do. He was no longer the same scholar but had turned inaccurate in maintaining a still concentration even.

He might have reached half way to do his works, when I stopped him from doing it. I went close to sit on the chair next to him and laid my legs over his thighs.

"Could you rub it for a while? I'm tired." I said looking in his eyes. Nishit grabbed my toes and pressed at its front. He did it quietly while I rested there gasping a little with my eyes closed after my obedient boyfriend rubbed my feet. I saw how reluctant Nishit was to even look at me since the event mid day. While he was doing it, I turned my voice up.

"I understand we should talk?" I told him.

"Ye... Yes sure." He said while finding his voice.

"I know this is not an obligatory topic for people of our age to talk at the moment but I came to know about your grades in earlier periods Nishit, and I should say it doesn't seem like you are the same man now." I sternly said what I was having inside.

"I don't understand Shayna. What do you?" He mumbled in his default tone while looked on the floor. Our eyes haven't met ever since what happened earlier.

"What do you mean you don't understand? You are piss poor as hell in your academics, people laugh at you when you are made to stand outside of lecture every random day. Don't you believe you must be having answers?" I had a higher tone now also looked at Nishit.

Nishit was surprised by my reactions towards him. He did feel bad for himself and regret of not doing his class works. He didn't take his head up for some minutes after I have said that. I called him out again, "Nishit?" His head was on the ground as he looked up, I saw him deep in grief. A little tear developed in his eyes, my heart went sore seeing that. After what I made him go through, he didn't turn to cry. I could have just hit him and stopped him but believed this is never a long term solution after all I loved him and wished him no harm.

I quickly went close to him and held him by his cheeks. "Heyyy, I didn't mean to hurt you. Look at me." I kept his face still in my hands.

"It's okay Shayna. I'm good." He said with a heavy throat.

"But why would you cry dear?" I asked him while rubbing softly in the back of his hairs.

"After what happened yesterday also the way you reacted Shayna; you reminded me of my mom after all that." Nishit said while maintain a low tone due to crying.

"What did you say? I remembered you of whom?" I asked him.

"My mother, she used to be the alike stern authority in my life before, just like you acted some moments ago." As he was talking I took the seat in interest. It was good news for me that he felt close while being with me. I wanted this guy in my life at whichever cost and this was one of those signals.

"Tell me more." I said to him also laid my leg over him again. He pressed on my feet and continued speaking,

"My mother always cared for me and kept me disciplined in academics, behavior, gratitude, curtsies, everything. She is the reason I'm like this Shayna. I love her exceptionally more than any other child would love their mother." He continued speaking and my heartbeats just had that cooled vibe inside.

"That is very lovely Nishit. I love my mother too but doubt my knack as you; I'm really so pleased to meet you." I held his hands in my mine and caressed at his back hand. Nishit stayed there holding mine.

"So does she know about your current status in college?" I asked him straight.

He looked down shyly away from me. "No she doesn't." Nishit spoke in an ill repute way.

"But you said you loved her?"

"As much as I love her I fear my mother equally. Once in the senior high when I had just reached teenage; mom beat me with a leather belt after I was found stood next to a smoking lot of students outside the school. I didn't even smoke; yet had to endure all of the belting and whipping from mom. She is an insistent sadist and that is something holds me back from opening up." He had no idea in stream how he was revealing all this to me.

I listened to him keeping my interest before he added, "Is it wrong to hide?" He asked me slowly with his sorry eyes.

"No it is not if you are not getting mislead but... if you are not being up to the task then yes it definitely is wrong Nishit." I told him and indeed added to his regrets. Nishit looked on the floor almost close to crying.

"I don't understand Shayna."

I answered, "There are two alternatives available Nishit. Either you tell her or get a novel conducting influence for you to replace her role with. Whatever you feel convenient now." My accent was demanding more than advising.

Nishit replied slowly, "But who would compete to come up for my safekeeping Shayna, I am a teenager and not a minor little child." His selection of words always was adorable for me.

"I have no idea Nishit but you would have to search quickly before it's too late." I said with a repulsive tone. I also came up on my feet to go on doing some diminutive chores in the kitchen and left him alone to think. A few minutes passed and I was about to arrange the last dish in the cupboard.

"Shayna?" He called me from my back.

"Yes dear?" I said while doing my work and ignored his presence.

"I have to say something!" He exclaimed with a little nervousness flowing in his tone.

"Not now Nishit, can't you see I'm working. Wait for me to come back." I called him off. Nishit slowly went away keeping his head on the floor. He has grown very obedient in a short time.

I went in the room after a few minutes and looking at his body language, I could have said he had been all restless in the minutes waiting for me to arrive. I spoke going there, "So what did you want to say?" I asked him.

"Look Shayna I..." As soon as he started mumbling I added, "I HATE YOUR THIS SO POOR ATTITUDE OF BEING ALWAYS SO UNSURE NISHIT!!" I said it very roughly and also smashed my hand in anger on the table. Nishit shook sharply on the thumping tone over the table. I didn't hit him apparently.

"I am sorry Shayna." He quickly replied following his inferior pitch.

"Would you speak now?" I said in a severe tone against him.

"I have chosen you as my guiding light Shayna. Like I just said you remind me of my mother so that makes you one of the personnel to reinstate her role with." He said it slowly and that was exactly what I just wanted to hear.

"I don't understand Nishit. Why should I invest my time in you?" I asked him keeping my cool.

"Because I love you and evidently you love me as well."

"Okay that's much philosophical for such a clumsy individual but the question is if you have enough faith in me?"

"I... I... do Shayna, I trust you." He mumbled.

"How can you make me believe that you would be up to the task?" I asked him tightly.

"How do you want to be assured?" He gave me the key to decide suddenly.

"I really like you Nishit and which makes me reluctant to look at you in a deprived state. Here is what I want - I want you to move in my apartment after tonight baby. Irresolute teenagers don't need their own houses to reside in. Prepare yourself to move in with me, Nishit, I cannot believe in you anymore." I said bluntly on his face. The beauty of this scene was that I was totally in charge and Nishit didn't find any problem with that.

"Like both of us know Nishit, a few things need to change from here. In this process, I always assure of being on your side baby. You have to assure your faith in me. You know I love you right?" I spoke all of it very lovingly.

"Yes Shayna, I love you too. I agree to move in with you." He was kind and obedient in replying. He added, "But I have a home already...?"

"We would find a renter for your posh apartment easily." I said.

"To be more precise Nishit, you are not even close to being the man that could go alongside me or any girl. I would make decisions for you starting this night. You would be an auspicious man after training which you aren't yet." Nishit looked terrified listening to me.

"Tr... Training?" He asked shivering.

"Yes Nishit you do need a lot of training to be a better man. Like I said earlier - loosing you is something I couldn't afford as well. Our journey in this might get hard-hitting but one that is ending up in a win-win for both of us." Nishit didn't protest on my commands and agreed on it all.

"First let's put your sack to use." I said and dipped my hand in his pants.
