Amazing Hawaii Master Ch. 01
byonyourknees©

As I lay back on my towel in the sand, eyes closed, letting the warm breeze drift over my almost naked body I took a sip of a freshly opened beer, the cold liquid running through my body.

"Ahhh," I exhaled. I've arrived, I thought...finally.

10 years ago I dropped out of high school at the age of 17 because I wanted to start my own business, I knew that I could do it, school could get me no further. I also knew it would be a long, hard road so I wanted to get started right away.

I was right on both accounts, it was long and hard, but I did it. I'd worked my ass off for a decade but I sold a portion of the company and stepped down in my active role , I'd now collect checks while I let others do the work.

This happened less than a month ago, and since then I'd sold my condo and bought this place, this amazing place. It's a private bungalow on the beach in a secluded area in Hawaii, no one within a 20 minute drive, the nearest city 20 minutes past that.

For the past week, I'd been waking to the sounds of the ocean, the waves hitting the sand 50 feet from my window. I often pondered whether this was worth it all, I'd spent a lot of prime years in my life just working, I'd missed out on a lot of experiences, especially college, but also so many other little things, I barely had any real hobbies, and perhaps the biggest thing was I'd never had time for a relationship, I'd been on sporadic dates, a lot, but I'd never met anyone who could make me take the time out of my life for them, and I know now that that was a mistake.

I'd met some great people, but brushed them off because they were getting in the way of my single minded focus.

I realized that any mistakes in the past, any obligations on my life, were now gone, I could do what I wanted, what I deep down wanted, and if I didn't for any reason, then the last 10 years of my life would truly have gone to waste.

What did I want the most? I thought. That was easy, a beautiful, amazing women to share all this with, but was it that easy? I know that in my sex life for the past 10 years I was all about 'getting mine' I wasn't interested in woman for relationships, I wanted to meet ones that would hook up, no commitments, nothing.

I realized too, that my favorite ones were the ones that I could let go with, not be in charge, making decisions. The girls that would take over, be in charge, the ones that would get on top of me and ride me hard, while I would just lay back and watch them work.

I'd never made the connection before, but I'd had a passing sexual fantasy, one that came up in dreams more often than conscious thought that now seemed very connected to my sex life up to this point.

I then started to ponder a way to make this fantasy a reality. At first, I felt intense fear and reluctance as I'd never thought about anything like this before in my life, then I started to think deeper, my fear faded, the details feel into place and I started to get excited, nervous excited, but excited.

I laid around for another hour thinking about it, went for a swim in the ocean, the whole time rolling it over in my mind.

I was finally ready and headed inside to my laptop and I started browsing around any message board, dating websites, etc that would have college girls on them. I figured the timing would be perfect, as exams were finishing right about now leading into summer.

I found a bunch of sites and decided to write my pitch:

This may be the most unusual request you've ever read in your life, it's certainly the most unusual I've ever asked, or even heard about. I assure you I am 100% serious.

I'm a 26 year old single guy and I just moved into a beach house in Hawaii. I own my own business and am not needed there for long periods of time. I never went to college as I was busy with my business the whole time, I am looking for a college co-ed who has a few weeks of spare time in her summer vacation.

Here's the strange part, I've recently decided that I want to try some dominant-submissive stuff, so I am looking for a girl to dominate me for 2 weeks in my place in Hawaii.

The trip would be all expenses paid, I mean everything, food, plane, you will have everything you need, you'll live in luxury for the whole time. But, this isn't a regular Cancun, all inclusive deal, this is ALL inclusive, you have me as your complete and total control, I'll take care of whatever you need, you have no need to lift a finger, anything you want done for you you simply ask me and I will.

If you're interested I want a girl who is college aged, attractive, and interested in being a dominate, though no experience is required, you must be willing and able to order me around for two weeks as basically your slave, sexual and otherwise.

I can promise that this will be the most pleasurable two weeks of your life, you'll have a private beach house and a man willing to do whatever it takes to please you, to satisfy you 24/7.

I've attached picture of myself in this message.

As far as my interests on being a submissive, bondage, teasing, some spanking/pain/punishment stuff, humiliation and total service to you, are what gets me turned on about all this.

If you are interested please reply with the following details: First name, real age, pictures, earliest departure date and latest return date, at least one picture in bikini and a face close-up, but the more pictures the better, nothing with less than a bikini, I kind of want it to be a surprise, but all sexy pictures without nudity are strongly encouraged.

I have a whole bunch of questions, but I have to be sure I am sexually attracted to you before I waste our time. I'll be contacting probably the 10-20 girls who I find turn me on the most. Note that your pictures will not be shared with ANYONE but me.

Thanks for applying and I hope to hear from you soon. Any questions, please contact me, you have 1 week to apply.

And with that I went to all the sites I had bookmarked and posted it as a profile or to a message board and shaking with excitement and uncertainty, I turned the computer off and headed out for a run along the beach.

I resisted checking my email and profiles for a whole week to let the time run out. I actually let it run that 7th day, so on the 8th morning, very excited, I began to check for applicants, praying I got at least 1 I found hot.

Amazed, I had a bit over 100 girls apply from all across America. Realizing that today was going to be an awesome day, I grabbed a coffee and settled in. I was impressed to find a lot of girls tried really hard with the pictures, some sending 10 in different poses and outfits, a lot including a few leather or latex bdsm ones, many even explaining that they took these just for me!

I don't know how many hours I took, but I had over 40 girls that I thought were hot. I kept slowly eliminating them until I was finally down to 12, this would be a great number to work with for the next part of the interview process.

So, I sent out an email to all the girls that went like this:

Congratulations girls, you were one of 12 girls selected from over 100, I'd like to ask you a few more questions. I am hoping this will narrow it down some more.

First, I'd like to read a little bit about you in general to get an idea of your interests, personality, etc, the more you can tell me the better, but keep it under 1 page please.

I also need to know your experience with dominate-slave, if any, if not, tell me why it interests you, go into detail. I'd also like to hear about some of your favorite sexual experiences. I want you to go through the sex toy website attached and give me a list of anything you'd want on this trip to use on you and/or me. Go through the site well, add anything you may think would come in handy that you'd be interested in trying.

Give me an example of a perfect day at my place as you would run it (and you're under control, so that's how it would actually happen) and finally explain why you would be a great candidate, besides physical appearance.

Finally, I am looking for someone to truly be in control, so if you don't have a history in bdsm explain why you are certain you could be an authoritative, powerful, intimidating dominant, instead of the regular girl you are in your daily life.

Thanks, I know that this is a lot, so take your time, but I am setting a deadline for a week from now again. I would love to hear about you ladies as much as possible, but please limit your whole application to 5 pages of writing, that's probably over 2000 words, but don't feel a need to write that much if you feel like you've described what I have asked fully, there is no minimum.

I don't know how long it will take me to get through them, and how much I can limit it down, but rest assured you will know as soon as I do.

Thanks again, you guys are all incredibly sexy and I am SO excited to begin this.

Once again, I tried to push it out of my life as much as I could for the week and on that 8th day I again opened up that email account to find 12 applications, all sent within the past 3 days.

I printed them all out and matched them to the images I had also since printed in high quality. I read through each once to see if there were any easily eliminations. There were, I cut 1 for being basically incomplete, she didn't talk about herself, why she'd be good, etc. 2 girls sounded just mean spirited, it wasn't a sexual thing to them, it was a 'take out the anger,' also no good, I also thought one girl was trying to use me for a free vacation.

So that was 8, I then cut another girl who only picked a vibrator for toys, not what I am looking for.

I then cut one more girl, who was almost a professional dominatrix, she had tons of experience. That didn't vibe with me, so I was down to 6 amazing, mind blowingly attractive and qualified applicants.

I decided to put them away for the day and get back to it tomorrow.

The next day I was able to eliminate one more girl, just didn't think her application or physical appearance was quite at the level of the others, there was nothing wrong, I just knew I wouldn't have picked her.

For the next few days I wasn't sure how I could decide, I was always changing the way I'm leaning, I spent hours each day reading them over, looking at the pictures and just thinking about them.

I then decided to maybe let them make the decision for me as I had a further idea for the vacation, so I wrote them:

Hello girls, I've got it down to 5 so far, but I am stuck at the moment. I have a few more things I'd like to mention before the trip.

I want you to pack light, we will be secluded the whole time, so you can only bring nightwear, underwear, any dominant clothing you like, two sundresses and however many bikinis you would like, then sandals for footwear, a few other limited accessories will be fine, and toiletries should be brought too.

I also insist you not use your cellphone, or any electronics for the whole trip, if you bring them, we'll just put them away somewhere for the trip, it's no big deal, I do this to insist you aren't distracted, have other intentions or using me for a vacation.

There will be a car and trips to the local city can be made together. If there are any problems with this let me know immediately, if you have some specific clothes questions, or inclusions for specific reasons let me know and I'll consider it, also any other items at all you'd like let me know, especially food, drinks. I keep a fully stocked kitchen, but there's nothing fancy, a few vegetables, some meat, dairy, bread, etc, these requests won't have any affect on your standing, anything expensive or odd is fine, worst case I'll just say no, remember that I want you to be as truly as happy and comfortable as possible the whole time..

I hope this restrictions won't be a problem, even though they may take you a bit out of your comfort zone in terms of packing so light, but please remember that these few restrictions are the only ones you have to cross, after that I'm completely yours, so I hope you think it's a fair deal.

Get back to me soon, take care.

Later that day, I got the first response, and unfortunately it was negative:

I'm so sorry Brent, but I was already pretty nervous about doing it, and I don't think I could go without my cellphone for long, but know that I was determined to make it the best two weeks of both our lives, so if you do happen to reconsider, please let me know right away.

I hope you have a great time, best of luck!

Over the next two days the other results came in, they were all accepting of the situation, two were happy to try it, and the other two you could tell were uncomfortable with giving up control of their packing and world communication, but it proved how eager they were to do this. I'm not sure which response was better. They asked for various stuff for the house, from alcohol to sleeping supplies like feather pillows to beach type stuff. Three of the girls each had a special request for clothing, one a "little, tight black dress" another workout clothes and a third asked about "comfy cotton shorts and hoody." I thought all these were fine and approved them.

Again I spent two days looking over these final 4, all the girls were stunning, all had amazing applications, great personalities, healthy sexual views according to this challenge, an obvious interest in trying it and awesome day plans, creative and well thought out.

I agonized, but I eventually took off what may have been my favorite girl, just my type, so sweet and bubbly, but I just feared she couldn't get totally into it as a dominant, like she wouldn't be able to be firm and demanding, so I had to cut her, even though I was totally in love with her from her application, if this was a pick my future wife contest, she would have won, and I told her so via email.

I then to cut another girl because her perfect day and toy selection wasn't as varied and diverse as the other two.

I had an idea to narrow down the last two and contacted both girls:

Hey, congrats you are the final two girls, but you're both perfect, I can't decide. I can think of one thing: Can you both come out to Hawaii this Saturday, I'll interview you both over lunch or a coffee and pick the winner, if you don't win you are welcome to stay at a great resort in Hawaii for the weekend on me, or I can fly you back home as soon as you hear you weren't selected if that's preferable, whatever you want is fine with me.

Both emailed me back with the same request: Can I bring a girlfriend to spend the weekend if I don't make it? She can buy her own ticket.

I told both it would be fine, I'd take care of the ticket as well, I then sent out a pair of tickets to each girl, Meghan in Phoenix and Jennifer in Cincinnati. I told them to wear one of their sundresses to meet me.

The rest of the week I thought about these two girls the whole time it was crazy. Meghan was 21. She was a tall, tanned, light blond haired beauty, she was lean, but toned, as she told me she played soccer and did yoga regularly. She had a picture of herself in a bikini her body away from the camera but her face turned around to smile flirtatiously for the camera, her ass looked amazing, She had a lot of side views in her bikini to check out her great legs and firm ass, she had one of her in a club outfit, short skirt and heels and her legs were stunning, I also loved two she had of her in hot pants and a sports bra doing yoga:

Jennifer was shorter, probably 5'4", 5,5" and 19, she had simple straight black hair the always fell perfectly down her body, falling just past her shoulders. She didn't wear glasses, but if she did she'd have a really strong bookish look. She struck me, by her appearance, as very polite, nice, mild mannered..nice. She had rather pale skin, I liked it, it looked so fragile, like porcelain. She wasn't quite as lean as Meghan, but was curvy, her hips flared out to make her waist look tiny, her breasts were definitely more full, they were probably about the same sized, but on her smaller frame looked bigger, and wonderfully round looking.

She didn't exude sexuality like Meghan, frolicking in her bikini by the pool, or dress to kill in tight dresses or club wear. Jenn submitted one bikini pic, out of obligation it seemed, she wasn't as eager as Meghan was. She had her hands on her hips, and looked comfortable with herself smiling easily into the camera, then 6 more of her in various clothes, two in jeans, two in nice dresses, one in shorts and a tank top and one of her in a professional attire, white blouse and tight dress pants.

I loved both the girl's profiles and couldn't wait to meet them, I had them take separate planes a few hours apart, I had a limo meet Meghan and her friend at the airport and then drop off her friend at the hotel and then bring her to the cafe.

I waited nervously at the quiet booth I had gotten in the corner, facing away from the entrance, too scared to watch, soon enough I felt a tap on my shoulder and my blood turned cold. I looked up to see Meghan in the flesh, smiling down at me, I stood up and greeted her with a friendly hug.

I directed her to the opposite side of the booth and I sat down across from her, feeling nervous, I could tell she was too, though she played confident very well.

She looked incredible in that thin, flowered sundress, you could just barely see through it, it was cut high on her arms and legs, it looked like it was delicately wrapped around her long body. She looked breathtaking, my beach goddesss.

"It's awesome to finally meet you Meghan, I feel like we're already acquaintances, you wrote a lot in your...application."

She laughed while throwing her hair back over her shoulder, "Good, I hope you liked it."

"Of course, I'm hoping this meeting doesn't feel like an interview, I'm hoping we can just have a conversation about the next two weeks and ourselves and we'll see how it sounds, if you want to say anything or ask me something, for sure go for it. Also, don't be nervous or pressured, you already won a free weekend in hawaii for two friends, you're an amazing woman."

"That's so sweet, thanks, and I hope we can have a nice conversation too."

"Great, ok, how hard of a decision was it for you to apply?"

"Wow, umm, it's weird, I wasn't sure if I wanted to do it or not, but it wasn't fear, I was uncertain if you were legit, if I wanted to apply and probably not even get picked, but I love trying new things, so the day after I saw it, I logged back in and said, he looks good, it's a free hawaii vacation, why not try? I didn't think anything would come of it, it's surreal that I am even here. What about you, why put that ad out now, what made you do it?"

"Pretty random actually, I have tons of different fantasies and a submissive one isn't even one that comes up often, but it's weird I was thinking about my sexual history and a girl that was in control, not like submissive, but a take charge in bed type girl, always left me feeling the best, and then it clicked that I would actually like to try something like this. I only wanted college aged girls because I missed that part of my life and would like to get a piece, the best piece, of it."

"But how long until you put it up, were you scared?"

"Not really, I kind of thought, is this something that I want to do? And I said yes, at that point on I've been scared, but never to the point of turning back or even close."

"Cool."

"What appeals to you more, the pleasure you'll get from me, like sexually, as your servant and also just the pleasure of living in hawaii, or the satisfaction and power of ordering around and using me, trying something like that?"

Meghan smiled deeply at that question, "That's a good one, I haven't thought about it that way, I'm really excited to order you around, to experiment on your body basically, I'm curious, but I have to say that honestly the thought of living the life of a sexy, powerful princess is the part I've been dreaming about the most. So I guess both, Im looking forward to having everything done for me, but because I can make you do it, that's why I am so excited."

"What about you as a submissive? Why do this? Is it something you're deeply into? What do you hope to get out of the time?"

"A submissive appeals to me because I've never been the submissive in anything, I like the idea of not being in charge anymore, if I could call it a fetish, it's not any stronger than most, I'm sure I could turn it around and be the dominant and just as much fun, but I want to try this, its new and unknown. In a way these experience will be one of the most relaxing of my adult life."

"Is there a single part that really appeals to you, the part you think of the most?"

"Besides the obvious sexual stuff, basically anything you would order me to do that I wouldn't normally do, or something embarrassing or submissive, it's the orders more than the tasks."

"So even if it's something ridiculous, like I made you do jumping jacks on the beach for no reason at all?"

"Yeah, it's weird, but I'd find being ordered to do it, and then doing it would leave me out of control and would be hot. That's not particularity embarrassing though."

"Hmm, interesting, let's me know more of your motivation."

"What about you? Basically consenting, or even volunteering to having sexual contact with a strange guy has a lot of social stigma attached and is basically not intimate. Does that bother you?"

"Bother is the wrong word, the social aspect of it doesn't bother me, I don't care if it's not the 'right' choice, but the lack of intimacy is weird, but I've made some mental adjustments to compensate for that, because I really want to try some kinky stuff while I'm young and single, and this is beyond a perfect situation, but I wouldn't want to do it with a boyfriend, I don't want a boyfriend I can totally control, nor is this something that's like to come up during a brief fling. So this way is definitely the best."

"How do you plan on adjusting to the lack of intimacy?"

"I have a whole bunch of ways, I'm basically thinking of you as just an awesome sex toy, and to get at my body you'll have to really earn it, so you proving how bad you want it will make it more satisfying for me as well, plus I will get to know you as we go along and I think there will be a sexual connection that grows quickly, but if not, you're just my big flesh sex toy."

"that's a solid answer, I'm pretty impressed with how easy the conversation has been, especially as we discuss such sexual stuff so comfortably, it's weird, good weird."

"Yeah, I don't know, I've always been pretty loose about sex talk, but this is an extra level, I've never discussed with a strange guy how he'll earn the privilege of putting his tongue on my clit."

"How would I?"

"Earn that?"

"Yes."

She seemed like she wasn't taken aback by the question at all, good, "It would vary, but an example would be a long, full body massage, and then you kiss me all over my body for a long time, and then I'd let you start on my private parts."

"That sounds amazing."

"It will be." Meghan agreed. "I love the idea of you begging for me. Are you sure you'll like this, 2 weeks of total servitude won't be too long, you won't get sick of it, you've never done it before, how do you know? What if you do?"

"You're asking if I'd get bored of you in two weeks? Have you looked in a mirror?"

Meghan smiled and broke eye contact for a few seconds. "But really, what if you've had enough of being dominated after a week, what happens?"

"I can't see if happening, but if it does, it won't really be a big deal, you can do whatever you want the rest of the time, go to a hotel, head home, whatever, it's not going to happen and it's not something you have to worry about."

"And you, of course, would never consider quitting?"

"Yeah, I'm sure I'll get sick of the ocean and having all my food prepared for me and everything else."

"Great, I will have like a safe word though, in case some part gets too intense. What did you friend think about this? Did you tell her why you're coming?"

"Of course, she has all kinds of opinions, she thinks its not legit, but conversing with you, I know it is, she definitely thinks it's weird and not something she'd try, but she is really interested and even asked to watch, but obviously you're not interested in that." She wasn't trying to ask on the sly, she was just saying it because I asked.

"Ha, no probably not, especially not in those first few days, I think I'd have to work my way up to things slowly. You'll be all I'll be able to handle to start."

"I'll be all you need for however long you can take it," she countered.

"Two weeks is a long time to be without your technology though, I have a TV, laptop and stuff but don't want to use it much, if at all, will you be able to keep us both occupied for 2 weeks do you think?"

"Haha, I'll let my inner high maintenance 16 year old out instead, so if I can't entertain myself then it will just become your task. I think taking away my cellphone bodes worse for you than me to be honest. I may get cranky, and you'll suffer for it. My sexual appetite is pretty strong, we'll be fine. It's impossible, I think to have non-stop action, but there will be lots for you to do everyday."

We talked about ourselves for a while, like an hour until I checked my watch and said.

"OK, it's been an amazing interview, I feel really good about you being a great dominate, you know what I want out of this and can push me to my limits comfortably and will maintain absolute control. You agree with all that 100%?"

"Absolutely, there's no way you won't be completely satisfied with me."

"OK, Jenn will be interviewing after her, anything left I should know that separates you from her?"

"Hmm, I want to make clear that I have an incredible sexual energy and appetite, I wear my boyfriends out, they can't keep up sexually, I always want it, and I'm a hellcat in bed, you won't forget sleeping with me, I leave scratches on your back and a smile on your face."

"Haha, kinda corny wordplay at the end, but very good..."

Meghan reached over the table to hit me "Shut up, it was clever! You're going to be punished for that comment once I get you back to your place."

"Shit, ok, before you go, right now, you're in charge, show me what you got, this is real. Go.

Meghan instantly straightened her posture and the smile left her face, she looked at me hard and said, "Since it turns you on, do some jumping jacks at the end of our table, 10. Right now."

"What, what's the point of that?" I asked, disinterested, testing her.

"Because I said so, it's 20 now and if you don't do them right now, I'll make you do them shirtless in this crowded family restaurant. Now Go!" she said sternly.

She passed that test, I needed to see how much in control she could be. I jumped up and slightly embarrassed, did 20 jumping jacks while Meghan watched in approval.

"Ok Meghan, great job. I'll call you at the hotel in a few hours."

She held out her hand like a princess, "Kiss. Your little princess will be waiting," she cooed, and then turned to leave as I tried to see her ass through the light colored fabric, as she left she turned and caught me staring and cast a knowing grin.

I went for a walk for about 30 minutes until Jenn was supposed to arrive and I went back to the same spot, ordering a salad.

I switched seats, confident enough to watch Jenn enter. She came soon after I finished my salad. She looked lovely too, her straight black hair in a hair band, pulled away from her face, the turquoise sun dress flapped around her body as she walked towards me, smiling demurely.

We greeted with a hug and again we sat down, she didn't look breathtaking like Meghan did in her sundress, so it was one point Meghan so far.

"Ok, how hard of a decision has it been to follow through to this point?"

"Not very, I've tried to get some guys tied up in my own life, most weren't really into it, if they'd even try it at all. I don't know what it is, I get bored easily, and I guess I've never had much else other than plain sex, I'm eager to try new things, it'd be a shame to only do the most pleasurable of acts one way, the same way, every time for the rest of my life."

"What is more important to you, having all your needs totally met or pushing me to do things I won't like?"

"Hmm, the second one, I'm eager to...play around with you, but I think I'm really motivated by new experiences, I've never had a slave before, I'm excited to try everything I haven't before, most of that is bossing you around and trying stuff on you, but certainly I can think of plenty for you to do to me that is new to me. It's a creative outlet I think, the infinite ways I can use you for my pleasure."

"What about that fact that you're flying out to meet a guy you don't at all know and are going to have sexual interactions with. Does that bother you at all?"

"Well I wouldn't tell anyone why I am here, I told my parents, friends that I am meeting an old friend who lives here now, but I'm just a private person by nature, few know me well. And it doesn't bother me that you're a 'stranger' and we'd be having sex, it's different then sex with someone you love, but not necessarily worse."

"Awesome, what do you think will be the biggest challenge, or hard parts about all this for you?"

"Definitely the only challenge I think, is to be creative, to be trying new interesting things for two weeks will be hard, everything else is going to be easy. What do you see as your biggest challenge?"

"I know I won't back away from anything, but I am worried I won't do a good job, that I won't live up to your expectations."

"Don't worry, I can play to your strengths, I'm sure you have strengths."

"Ok, sounds good."

"Well? What are your strengths?"

"For these two weeks?"

"For anything."

"I'm determined, I don't quit, I'll keep working until I get it, that's been my life motto so far."

"Great, well that's one we know of."

She flipped this around, I realized that I felt like I was trying to impress her, or to get her approval, I don't think I like that, I explained this was supposed to be a casual conversation at the beginning.

"How sure are you that you can handle this? You've never done anything like this before, how can you be certain you'll keep me in your control and just do a good job as a dominant?"

"What do you think will happen?"

"I don't know, but it's entirely possible that you will decide this isn't for you, change your mind, whatever."

"I can assure you that I won't change my mind or back out, as long as you obey my orders within the realm of the scenario we've decided on then everything will go great for both of us." she said, she was without the emotion and enthusiasm of Meghan, "You seem like you aren't concerned with specific events, more so that you're entirely under control and that there is sexual undertones to the whole thing? Is that true?"

"Yup, exactly."

"I know you'll be perfectly happy then. You want to feel like a weak little slave. I can do that."

"Meghan seemed excited, enthused, nervous, more similar to me, you seem very calm, passive, almost indifferent, why is that, is that true?"

"You want me to be excited about twisting your nipples?" she asked.

"Yes."

"I'm not a really enthusiastic person, or perhaps outwardly enthusiastic. Let me say that I do really want this, I think we'll both learn a lot and enjoy ourselves. I find you fascinating and this whole scenario is really crazy and a really unique opportunity, I'm really hoping you pick me, but if you need me to be laughing all the time, screaming, giddy, it's not me, this is how I am, I'm usually very happy, content with myself, but most people think I'm always down. I apologize if I seem indifferent, but it should be obvious I am very interested in doing this with you."

"Ok, cool."

"You should work on that ego a little bit."

"Excuse me?"

"Your ego, you feel better about yourself because I told you I feel good about this, like you'd be a failure if a stranger wasn't excited. Doesn't that seem crazy for you to be so invested in my emotions?"

"I see your point."

"Great, any more questions, because I think we have a perfect idea of how our weeks together would go. I'm happy that I understand exactly what you want out of this and I know I can give it to you while still having my perfect time too. I am a little surprised at how quickly I think I understand the weekend you want. I think any specifics would be worse, lets let the details play out themselves."

"Yes, one more question: Why would I pick you over Meghan, have you anything that you've been holding back?"

"Yes, I love getting fucked in the ass, maybe even more than my pussy, I love anything involving my ass, it feels great, you and my asshole will be around each other a lot. I also hate underwear and only wore them today because I was flying. Finally, I'm very orgasmic, my clit is very sensitive, I come multiple times during most sexual interactions, I can come time and time again and each one is better than the last."

"OK, show me what you have, pretend we're back at my place ad you're in charge. Go."

She too, looked at me with cold, hard eyes and said, "Put your right hand down your pants, against your cock and balls."

I did that and she said, "Now rub around, fondle yourself, are you sweaty?"

"Yes."

"Ok, take that hand and lick your palm."

I laughed, "No way." again testing her, but also just kind of in shock.

"Do it right now." she said sternly, breaking through my test and making me feel obligated to obey. I felt a little like a kid that was trying to avoid being scolded by his teacher.

I began and she said, "NO, don't be subtle, head straight, look me in the eyes, long, slow licks."

After I did it three times she said "OK, enough, how did it taste?"

"Gross." I answered.

"No, how did it taste, not how did you feel, what did it taste like?"

"Very salty."

"But bad?"

"No, not really, not in such a small size."

"OK, want more or is that enough for now?"

"That's great, thanks Jenn."

"Not for me, get out of the booth and down on your knees."

"Now kiss the tops of both my feet."

Embarrassed, I kissed the bare tops of her feet through her flip flops. I could feel eyes on me. This may be the last time I eat here.

"Good, you stayed on your knees, waiting for me to let you up. You are a natural. Ok, get up."

She gave me a hug, but grabbed my balls gently and whispered in my ears, "I'm going to show these guys two weeks they'll never forget, I hope they like working."

She then turned and walked out and I watched her ass sway as she left. I sat back down and took a few minutes to gather myself before I paid the bill and went home.

When I got home I didn't have any idea who to pick, so I went through their strengths and weaknesses. Physically Meghan was perfect, she looked like a swimsuit model, tall, lean classically beautiful face, and she was bigger and strong, it would feel a bit more physically imposing than Jenn.

But Jenn certainly had her strengths, she had perfect breasts, I liked that she was little, the fact that such a smaller girl could dominate me was a turn on. She also had a face that looked innocent, and plain, almost like a librarian or a teacher, but too pretty to pass for one, the longer you looked at her the more beautiful she became.

I was confident both would do their job well, but differently, Meghan would be a good drill sergeant and would lean to having me satisfying her many needs and desire constantly as she played with me or had me do tasks for her own amusement often. She was intelligent and passionate about it, she would do a great job.

The fact that she was that perfect too made me want to fuck her so desperately.

Jenn was quieter, reserved, she was full of secrets, she was more interesting and I think she'd test my limits more and in ways I hadn't even thought of, she ordered a much larger toy list than Meghan, simply saying we don't have to use all of these on you, but just in case...

Both also seemed like great girls to be with, Meghan was bubbly and fun and relaxing while Jenn was challenging and alert. I know I'd have more fun with Meghan, but it's possible I'd walk away feeling more satisfied with Jenn.

Who should I take?

Amazing Hawaii Master Ch. 02
byonyourknees©

An hour later, I called Meghan and told her I would be going with Jenn, I felt terrible, it took me a while to be up for calling Jenn and being happy about it.

Jenn was genuinely excited to hear she'd won and was talking much faster than at lunch. "Ok, so can we get started now?" was the main thrust of her end of the conversation.

"I'm starving, can we meet for dinner and then go back to my place and we'll get started then."

"Sure, I haven't eaten, what should I wear? I brought a nice dress because you okayed it for someone else in your email."

"Of course, and you brought your comfy sweats right?"

She giggled - it was so cute! "Of course, I love them."

"Yeah, wear your dress, any particular type of food you'd like?"

"No, this will be the last time you get to pick anything, so pick well."

I laughed, "Gotcha, I'll be there in an hour. And don't wear your hair back this time."

When I picked her up I was glad to see how nice she looked in a dark blue dress with her hair not pushed back in the headband. I couldn't help but think of what she'd look like tomorrow, what I'd look like as her slave.

"Are you going to be able to get a tan when you're here?" I asked.

"Yeah, I'm pretty pale naturally, but I'll darken up a bit, probably the first time ever I can do it without tan lines, your place is totally secluded right?"

"Completely, for a few miles."

"That sounds amazing, I'm excited to see it."

"Yeah, I love it."

We talked logistics for a bit, I told her I had all her toys, and she could go through Meghan's too. I got all the food and drinks she wanted, and she had recommended I get an expensive bed set, sheets, blanket, pillows and thick robes and towels. I liked that she asked for them, the other girls seemed almost sorry to ask for things when I told them to.

We talked about our lives for the most part, mostly about mine, but I got some stuff out of her, she was very philanthropic and a lot of her goals were focused on that.

She was pretty easy about answering my questions, but she just seems interested in how I got to where I was. That is where the conversation was mostly focused on.

After we finished eating she grabbed my hand as we walked out together, we drove the 40 minute drive to my place and when we pulled in I said, "OK, do you have a cellphone, camera, anything that I don't want you to have?"

"Nope, at the hotel with my friend."

"Ok, I planned on searching your bag, but I trust you totally."

"Thanks."

"OK, I'm ready, let's begin, if you'd like a tour of the place first-"

"It's a house, I'll figure it out quick, it's fine. Is the door locked?" she said rapidly, gesturing to the house.

I shook my head.

"OK, stay right here, I'll be back."

She went into the house and came back out 20 minutes later. "Grab my stuff and bring it into my bedroom."

She took her time getting to the bedroom and she then said "OK, clear out a space in your closet that has more than enough room for all my stuff, get you stuff out of here and put all my stuff away nicely."

She then lay on my bed and watched me empty out a bunch of closet space and drawers and put my clothes in the laundry room before I started hanging up her clothes away on the hanger and in the drawers, she wasn't kidding about hating underwear, she hadn't packed any. Near the end of this she had wandered off outside to check out the area.

She came back to find me waiting on the bed. "Get me a glass of the red I had you buy, I'm thirsty."

I complied, seeing her lay back on the bed in her blue dress and cheap flip flops, she looked totally relaxed. I actually felt good about it, to finally be started, and to have things go well in this short time. I was already pleased that she was pleased. I realized that I am much more nervous and eager to please Jenn, I think that's what made me pick her.

"Good," she said as I handed her the wine, "I guess since it's 9 pm here, it's actually 2 in the morning in Cincy, that explains why I'm so tired, that and the long ass flight here in the morning. I thought that maybe I should try to stay up to adjust to the time zone here, but I realized it's a trap. I don't have to adjust to anyone's schedule here, I can sleep whenever I want and I even have a man who will bend over backward to accommodate me, isn't that right my little pet?"

"Yes, it is."

"I have to be careful to remember I have total freedom and control here. Not taking full advantage would be an awful waste. And from now on, always call me "My Love" it sounds so pleasant to hear, try it now, and say it with feeling, like you do love me, like how you felt as you stared at my pictures, picked me over everyone else, dreamed of what I looked like naked, dreamed of me here on your bed right now, say it like that.."

"Anything you say, my love."

"Great, that was amazing, you say it with such longing, I love it, I want you to focus on how much you desire me every time you answer me. Pretend like you're feeling my soft, warm, naked body pressed tightly against you to warm you up, every time you speak."

"Mmmm," I began, involuntarily, letting that great scene play in my head, "Yes, my love."

"I adore the way you say it, make sure to say it like that always. You on the other hand, little servant, will have many names, depending on the situation, but I like to think of you as my little pet, who will cherish the ground I walk on unconditionally, who will sit, stay, do a flip for my attention and approval, without any regard for your own opinions, self respect and basic human dignity, much like a little puppy. Let's try: Sit Sparky."

I hesitated, feeling ridiculous and humiliated, but sat on the ground.

"Good boy, now lie down. I leaned back and lay on my back. Good boy, sit again Sparky."

"Ok, now speak Sparky," she said, lying back with an amused smile on her face, speaking as if to a dog, "Bark for Jenn."

I looked at her as I debated doing such a ridiculous, degrading thing for a woman.

She saw this and said, in a voice she'd actually use to talk to a dog still: "Scruffy, you have to be a good boy or else I won't give you attention or rewards. Bark."

I still couldn't bring myself to do it, and made defiant eye contact with her. "Lassie, bark for me and I'll give you a treat. You want my attention and I'm sure you want a treat don't you my pet?"

I looked over her body as I remembered to picture it naked against mine, I closed my eyes to see it vividly as I said "yes, my love" in a dreamy voice.

"Then bark right now, I won't ask again."

I did it, feeling defeated more than anything. "Woof!"

"Oh, that's not a good bark, do it louder."

"WOOF!" I said loudly.

"There, that's good, see that was easy." she finally dropped the exaggerated emotion and dog voice and said, trying to keep her amusement in check "Go fetch your love another glass of wine, Sparky, then come back for your treat."

I came back to see her watching me with amusement as I entered carrying her wine glass and handed it to her, "Here you go, my love."

"My god, just you saying it like that, it makes me feel so good. It washes over me like a warm breeze," she said as she leaned up against the headboard to sip her wine. "Now for your treat, you may massage my feet while I enjoy this delightful wine, remove my sandals..with your mouth."

I bit the edge of the shoe on her right foot, just above her toes and pulled it off, the second slid off easily as well.

"Good, hop up on the bed so you can do a good job," Jenn asked, "Are you a good foot rubber?"

"I've never really tried...my love."

"Mmm, we'll see what happens, go ahead."

I took one foot tentatively in my hands and started to rub her sole. "Are you disappointed with your reward, my servant? You don't think me letting you take care of my precious feet is an honor?"

"No, I'm eager to massage your feet...well, I was just expecting a more...intimate treat."

She laughed, "Please, how bold! You are nowhere near proving you are deserving of that yet. Circle both your thumbs on my soles, more pressure, there you go."

She gave me more directions as we went along and I started to understand how she wanted it done, even though she seemed to have lost her patience somewhat before I was doing it how she wanted me to. Her attitude was one of disappointment, but not surprised, like she expected it. I didn't like that she doubted me and even worse was proved right.

After 15 more minutes of me rubbing her foot in silence she seemed to finally become relaxed and happy.

"You know, not barking when I asked you, not doing anything right away, I can't have that. I need you to understand and do anything I say right when I say it. I warn you that it's a much better road for you to just do it, then disobey and face the repercussions after, they will always be worse."

"Yes, my love, I'm sorry, I'm still new to this."

"It's very evident you are new, remember that I may take to physical punishment from time to time for any infraction of our rules, remember that when you don't want to do what I say. If you had just barked right away this would have been so much easier on you, now I need to break you out of it, to make sure you'll obey me, I need to give you even more difficult tasks until I am sure you will listen unquestioningly. Your first few days got much less pleasant. You aren't allowed to ask yourself if its ok before you do it. You don't make the decisions anymore. I suppose some of that is time, you will have to learn to trust what I say unconditionally, as if it's your own reflex."

"Yes, my love."

"Good, switch feet."

"My love?" she could tell every time I was going to say something because I paused to visible picture her beautiful body naked against me.

"Yes slave?"

"During tasks like this can I talk, when am I allowed to talk?"

"That's a good question, I feel that while you should probably never speak out of turn, it feels too formal, and besides I wouldn't enjoy it. You are free to talk to me about anything that isn't directly related to you as my slave, your tasks, etc. And if I ever don't want to hear from you I'll simply tell you to stop talking, it's easy enough. When we are engaging in casual conversation there is no need to use 'my love' either, save that for when you are acknowledging my orders or addressing me."

"Ok, my love."

We then talked for a little while longer as I rubbed her foot, she had finished her wine long ago and was now laid back with her eyes closed, enjoying the foot rub.

"Now kiss my feet, kiss them all over, suck my toes."

I leaned over to start on the top of her foot and began to kiss the top of her foot tenderly.

"My foot isn't dirty or anything like that?"

"No, your feet are lovely."

"Shame."

I kept kissing the top of her foot, then switched to the sole until finally I started to suck on her toes, taking them one by one completely into my mouth. I then switched to the other foot and repeated the process.

She had me go through it one more time and then said, "I need a shower, do you have the fluffy pillows and robes I requested?"

"Yes, my love."

"Great, I want you to make my bed with all the bed supplies I requested, you haven't used them yet, like I asked right?"

"No, they are still all in their packaging."

"Perfect."

She then got up and her and her glistening feet padded off to the bathroom, I watched her leave, her round ass, wrapped tightly in that dress, swaying slightly as she left.

I made the bed and waited in the chair in the corner for her to return. She entered with the baby blue robe wrapped all around her small body.

"Great, I can tuck myself in tonight, you haven't earned the right to see me naked yet. I know it's only 11, but I am exhausted. I want you to sleep on the old sheets here on the floor beside my bed. For now you may go and eat, drink, use the bathroom whatever, but when you're done, return quietly and be in that spot when I wake up. Keep those same clothes on for now, if they are uncomfortable, remember why it's important to bark when I say so. Got it, my pet?"

"Yes, my love, sleep well."

"I intend to, I've had a really long day"

I wasn't tired as I usually fall asleep around 2 am, so I was up for hours just laying on the uncomfortable floor in the dark. I didn't sleep well and was up most of the night, I lay awake from 7 am hoping Jenn would get up, but she didn't even start to stir until after 9, and a bit after 10 I finally heard.

"mmm, servant?"

I sat up, "yes, my love."

"Go make breakfast, coffee and omelets with fruit cups, for both of us. Bring mine back to the bed first, and throw me a t shirt of yours."

I came back with her meal to find her sitting upright in bed wearing my tshirt with her legs still under the covers. I put the meal on her lap and said, "Is there anything else I can get you?"

"Not now, just hold my coffee until I need it."

I began some small talk about how she slept for a little while until I grew content simply watching her eat. Her thin arms flexing slightly with every movement to her mouth. Her delicate lips letting each morsel of food pass. Her straight, black hair looked just a little out of place, she looked so cuddly and warm and innocent and fragile, I adored her.

"Coffee," she took a sip, "here."

She finished and said "That was good, servant, I feel amazing today, so refreshed and full, I'm over the time difference, jet lag, all that. I'm excited about how happy and healthy and relaxed I am right now, and we haven't even started yet. Go ahead and eat your meal, I'm going to have another nice shower, then we can begin our day."

I ate my now cold meal and waited for a while as Jenn was taking a long time in the shower. Thinking of her in that shower made me feel dirty in these clothes I'd slept in.

"Ok, today is an important day, we need to make sure you'll listen to everything I have to say and you have to prove you're worthy of being my complete slave. You're going to be put to work, so take a big drink of water."

She then left to get changed out of another of the robes I had bought her.

She emerged in a light sundress that would wave in even the slightest breeze. "OK, I need you to do some work for me while I get some alone time, come outside."

We got out to the back porch and she said "Take off everything you are wearing but your underwear."

I looked around and then at her again and started to take off my shoes and socks.

"It's still entirely unacceptable, your obedience and compliance are very low. When I say something I need you to just do it, to not even think about it. If you saw someone around you wouldn't have taken off your clothes. It doesn't matter if you saw 10 people, I said it, you do it."

"It's blatantly obvious you are thinking about it...a lot. Right now you have so many filters running through your head before you do it. 'Do I want to?' 'Will I be embarrassed?' 'What happens if I don't?' etc, that has to stop, we have to blast through all of those filters until you simply do, you hear and then you do, you don't think about if it's good or bad, or whatever, if it's embarrassing or humiliating. Fuck, if it is you are lucky, you'll get turned on. We both know that. You begged me to come here and treat you like my slave and then you get embarrassed when you do it? Does that make sense?"

She then softened her disposition, "But it's ok, this is only our first day, after you finish your chores I know how we can train you to get over this. Does that sound good? Not living in your own head and analyzing everything I ask, but just listening and experiencing it. I actually imagine once you get it, it will be quite invigorating to not have to decide anything, but to just sit back and let whatever comes, come."

"Anyways, see that coconut tree, the only one we can see down the beach maybe 2 miles?"

"Yes, my love." I said as I admired her soft hair in the breeze.

"I want you to go over there and pick me up a coconut from that tree and bring it back, OK?"

"Yes, my love."

"Before you go, stick your face in the sand."

"What?" I exclaimed in surprise, looking at her with wide eyes.

"Yup, we have a lot of work to do, you still aren't listening, do it because I said so, that's all you need to know and then go get that coconut. I want you to go as fast as you can."

"Yes, my love." I took off at a stiff jog after pushing my face in the sun heated sand, and did the best I could, it took me a while to knock a coconut down, but I did and jogged home, when I got to the house I was exhausted, thirsty and drenched in sweat.

"You haven't been in Hawaii long have you?"

"No, my love."

"It's obvious, you are barely tan, it's embarrassing," she said as she looked me over with mild disdain, "Good job on the coconut, it will be fine, now get yourself a drink of water and use all the coconut juice to make me a drink."

After this she had me put back on my clothes that I had discarded in the sand while I was still hot and sticky and then she said "OK, we're going into town, take us to the largest mall, we're going to work hard to make sure you listen to whatever I say without thinking about it. If you can do it in front of a group of people, then at home won't be a problem anymore."

Scared the whole way, we arrived at the mall in about an hour and Jenn made me hold the door for her to get out and then walk behind her into the mall, holding all her possessions. We first went to the book store because Jenn wanted something to read during her beach lounging.

"OK, you remember what I told you about not thinking, just doing?"

I gulped and nodded, incredibly nervous about what was to come. "OK, I want you to skip, like small girls do, around the outside of the store for two laps. Go right now."

I had to brace myself to do it, thinking like I wasn't supposed to, I could feel Jenn's disapproval before I started to skip.

I felt mortified as people stared and laughed as I skipped around the store until I got to Jenn, who was pleased. "You didn't listen right away, but you did the task. Come on, let's find me some books."

Jenn picked a few books out she wanted to look through and had me carry them and find her a seat. She had me stand beside her as she sat, turning the pages as she instructed, holding the book awkwardly in front of her. A lot of people did a double take at seeing this.

I started adjusting more and more frequently, my arms getting tired, Jenn said "Arms tired? I'll let you have a break." She took the book from me.

"Thanks, my love."

"I'm happy to help, now get down on your hands and knees and be my footstool, but before that take my sandals off." Her offer of help was a tease and nothing more.

I saw a girl sitting opposite the aisle, looking over her book at us. I hesitated to get down to my knees.

Jenn smacked my ass firmly, "Now, footstool. Don't think ever." She said loudly so anyone in the vicinity heard.

Very embarrassed, with people watching in shock, I got down on my knees and gently slide her sandals off her feet before crawling under her extended legs as she used me for a footstool.

"Take my sandals off with your mouth," she said angrily and pushed her bare foot roughly over my face before relaxing to read.

I stayed like that for about 40 minutes, my face red the whole time as many people walked by, shocked at what they saw. Finally, Jenn was done reading and had me kiss both her feet and slide her shoes back on. I got up to see the girl was still there, still watching.

"Can my pet kiss your feet?" Jenn asked loudly as I cringed. She looked taken a back, but then gave a small grin and said,"OK."

"Go on, footstool." Jenn said.

My shoulders slumped submissively I walked to her and got on my knees and grabbed her foot by the ankle and lifted it a bit to kiss it, and then the other. "Thank you," I said softly, humiliated. Thankfully, that was over and we left the store.

I asked to go to the bathroom, having not gone all day and drank a lot of water before and after my coconut trip, but Jenn refused, simply telling me "not now."

We went into a bathing suit store and Jenn took me to the guys section and picked out 5 speedos that looked like they would fit me. She then had me go pay for all of them, I was embarrassed buying 5 of these things at one time as the young salesgirl rung them up.

Jenn then approached us and said authoritatively, "Go try them on right now, my pet, one at a time and then come out and show me each one, no shoes or anything."

I headed to the dressing room with my head down and Jenn said "That was good, I don't think you are in your head as much anymore," I then heard her turn to the salesgirl and said "Would you help me, I'd like a second opinion on them."

I stripped naked in the room and then put on the red suit, I left the changeroom feeling very self conscious, I saw that Jenn and the salesgirl were waiting for me at the front cash right at the store entrance, so I walked through the store almost naked as the few people in the small store all watched me go, and at the front anyone passing by could now see too.

I got in front of her and she looked me up and down, her arms crossed and with a disinterested air she said "OK spin around for us."

"Flex your ass muscles." I did and heard the sales girl giggle.

"You seem very tense, up tight, are you self conscious?"

"Yes my love, very much so." saying my love and then instantly feeling embarrassed about saying it in public.

"You really shouldn't be, you're just doing what your told, it'd be better if you cut down on that? What do you think Kerry? How's that look?"

"Looks fine, I can tell better when I'm comparing it to others."

"You're right, try the next one."

I came back and they had me spin and flex again. This time I had one that was green and blue striped.

"I like this one better." said Kerry.

"Yes, me too, it looks better on his pale, thin body, but he doesn't have a very big penis, I think we need something tighter, it almost looks too big for him."

Kerry was stunned she'd said something that mean in front of my face, and I was again mortified, but I kept my composure as best as I could. "OK, the other ones are tighter, they should work better. Go try on another one, hopefully we can make you look respectable."

"Yes, my love"

The next one was tighter, it felt tight against my legs and my cock.

"I like how this one is tighter, but I don't like the way it looks."

"Yeah, jump up and down or around or something." Kerry asked, apparently really into this now.

I did, obeying pretty much immediately.

"You are still so awkward and tense."

"Finally, OK. Next one kiddo." said Jenn.

The next one was even smaller than the 3rd, it was bright, almost reflective orange like a construction vest. It was certainly too small, the leg holes squeezed my thighs, the waist was very tight, my cock and balls bulged out from it as they were pressed so tight against my and from the back I could feel it riding into my ass crack.

I walked towards the front of the store in obvious discomfort and unfortunately after I did my spins and flexed, both girls really liked it.

"And the last one is smaller, and this is about as small as he can go it seems."

"Is it comfortable?" asked Kerry.

"No, it feels awful, it's too tight."

Jenn ignored that and said "I like the color, makes him stand out."

"Yeah, it's bright, dance to this song, I wanna see how that looks." Kerry said, certainly on a tip from Jenn.

"Do you know the words to this song at all, speedo boy?" Jenn said

"Yes, my love." I guessed what was coming and was not looking forward to it.

"I didn't feel the love there, try again."

I took the time to try to relax and picture this awesome girl naked in front of me, but I couldn't maintain that focus, I was too anxious about singing and dancing dressed like this, it came out jittery.

"Does that sound like it's from the heart to you, or just routine?" she asked Kerry.

"Yeah, like a routine."

"I'm sorry, I can't focus, I'm too worried."

"I hate to keep repeating myself, but it's silly to worry about something that is going to happen. Take your time to clear your mind until you only have what's important left and then answer, remember take your time and do it right."

I closed my eyes again and pictured Jenn in front of me, again I kept getting sucked back to my current situation, but then I had her lying on the bed, her legs spread wide and I was laying beside her, stroking up and down her naked body, the image was staying."

"I've got it, thank you, my love."

Kerry 'awwwed.'

"Good, that was much better, OK, sing and dance to the next song you know the lyrics to, and dance with enthusiasm, energy."

Soon into the act Kerry was laughing and cheering, while Jenn was urging me to put more into it: "Sing louder, dance faster, move around more!"

After the song was over Kerry was almost doubled over laughing and I was actually smiling and proud like I'd just gave all I had in a concert.

"Excellent!" Jenn said, and gave me a congratulatory smack on the ass, which made Kerry start laughing hard again. "You weren't thinking by the end of it, awesome!"

"He looks great in that suit." Kerry said.

"OK, give Kerry a great tip for being so helpful and then gather those suits and get dressed again, but wear those speedos underneath."

"My wallet is in the changeroom I will tip Kerry on the way, my love."

"Fine."

I walked away, resisting the strong urge to pick the suit out of my asscrack as it had ridden way up and the elastic leg holes were now running along my ass instead of underneath it.

I put my clothes back on and stuffed my underwear in the bag with the speedos, gave Kerry a $50 bill and my thanks as we walked out.

"May I please use the bathroom my love, I have to go badly."

"No, we are heading home shortly, if you can't hold your urine I suggest you just piss your pants."

We then got to the exit and Jenn said, "Go for a skip around the whole mall and then right out to the car."

Again I hesitated, much less, but it was obvious to both of us I still ran her commands through my head to make sure I was OK with it before I did it.

I again skipped through, this time not really caring that people stared, pointed, laughed, whatever. I got to the car to find Jenn waiting on the hood. I let her in the passenger seat and got into my own and we discussed my progress for the day.

Jenn was actually pretty pleased with my progress, and I explained how I wasn't really embarrassed anymore, but admitted that I still thought a lot about what she said and was worried about doing the things she asked. Her point was that I had to get over it, but it was understandable that I'd been doing that my whole life and only working on this for an afternoon.

About 6 miles away from the house I started to complain that I had to pee really badly and said that I was going to go in my pants if she didn't let me piss.

For a bit she ignored me, but I was starting to freak out. It hurt, and Jenn said, "Fine, you want to piss your pants, pull over and do it and then walk home, and I'll take the car. Or, you can drive home and piss in the toilet like a human."

I was determined to make it, but with about 3 miles left it was coming, I knew it was a matter of time and quickly pulled over and parked the car, knowing I only had a few seconds before it was coming.

"Pathetic," Jenn said disgusted, "Hands on your head and feet together, don't move until you are done." She slide over into the driver's seat.

I started to let it go, feeling Jenn watch me and unable to look at her. I felt it quickly soak through my underwear and shorts, a big dark spot growing as more and more gushed out of me, it felt so good to go. I didn't care that it was all dripping down my legs, flowing into my shoes and socks. Jenn just watched me with a rueful smile, enjoying it.

The 3 mile walk home in the hot sun with my clothes full of piss, cars passing, was about as pleasant as it sounded. When I got home Jenn had me strip out front and then shower. After, I made dinner for her and she let me have cereal.

After that she had me paint her finger and toe nails and instructed me to sit on the floor and to have breakfast ready for 10 and wake her when it was ready.

The next morning I awoke to my watch alarm and quickly turned it off, I then headed in to make breakfast as requested, when it was almost done I gently woke Jenn, her bare shoulder felt so soft and warm on my hand and left a t-shirt by her. I came in a few minutes later with her food to find her again upright and dressed in my t shirt and presumable still naked from the waist down under the sheets.

After she ate, she went to shower and I was then allowed to eat. She then led me into the bathroom as I pissed and she brushed her teeth while I showered quickly.

We then went outside, Jenn in another cute sundress and I in my speedo. Jenn said "OK, we are going to continue your training, I don't want to do this dog training shit anymore, but you have to learn to just listen, so I'm going to treat you like a disobedient puppy until you stop acting like one."

She then basically led me through an hour of ridiculous exercises, jump, sit, spin, anything, just making sure I listened immediately, she even had me stick my face in the sand again for no reason, this time I did it right away. All the practice did get me used to just listening without thinking.

We then headed inside and Jenn was talking to me about her home and as we walked into the bedroom Jenn said "Down on your knees and put all your fingers in your mouth", like outside, I obeyed instantly, cramming all for fingers in my mouth.

"Finally, some real progress, you're obeying very well without analyzing, you've improved enough that I think you are ready for a reward, and I won't need to run all these training tests. Go outside and set me up a beach chair and a nice cold drink."

Soon after I finished I looked to see Jenn emerging from the patio carrying sunglasses, a book and suntan lotion, but FINALLY dressed in a bikini, this was the first time I'd seen her in real life in anything but a dress.

She looked stunning, her tiny aqua with blue dotted bikini contrasted wonderfully with her pale delicate skin and black hair, pulled back in a pony tail. The tiny strings fought to contain her full, supple breasts that sat atop a small frame. Her thin waist flared out at her curvy hips, which swayed as she walked towards me.

"I am so glad I can finally do this," Jenn said as she let the wind caress her body, "I think that extra work you are doing and I'm doing to you will pay off down the road though."

"Yes my love, I'm sure if I'm obeying better it will be for all of us, you look stunning."

"Thanks," she said, without enthusiasm, sounding almost annoyed, "So you love your reward?"

"Yes, my love" that time it was easy to say, "Looking at your beauty is worth what I have been doing to earn it."

"I can see that, looks like I may be making you a bit uncomfortable," as she nodded at my erection, which, now that she mentioned it, was painfully pressed against my tight speedo.

"Yes, my love" I was unsure of what else to say.

"Well, take them off, let's see what you got."

I immediately pulled my speedo down to my ankles and looked at her expectantly.

"Well it'll do," she said with a shrug and began to quickly apply lotion around her breasts where the suit wasn't covering her and then her ass and thighs as well. "it's a shame I have to do this, but these parts of body are very off limits to you, little hard-on"

She then got in the lounge chair, put her sunglasses high on her forehead and handed me the lotion and said "Start on my face and work your way down, take your time rubbing it in, you can't possibly go too slow." She sounded so bored.

She lay there silently and closed her eyes as I tried my best to "massage" the lotion onto her face, but I wasn't really sure how to massage a face so I just rubbed it in gently, getting her face and ears, I moved to her neck and she slid her sunglasses down over her eyes.

"Well obviously don't massage the front of my neck," she said dryly, "I'm not a dog, in fact you're the dog. Lie down sparky!"

I obeyed instantly and then she said "Continue, but stroke my neck, gently, when you do it. Don't, like, poke at it."

I did this for a little bit as Jenn said "Much better" but without a hint of approval or pleasure in her voice.

I went over the front of her body for a long time, it must have been an hour, while she would occasionally correct or encourage certain moves, for the most part it seemed like she was pretty much asleep.

She then rolled onto her stomach and we did the same process again. She had me undo her bikini and I spent about an hour just massaging her arms, shoulders and back, with plenty of instructions from Jenn on the pressure and what massage strokes to use where and when.

After this she rolled back over and grabbed her book and had me get her another cold drink, the first she didn't touch and was now warm.

I came back out and she peered over her glasses at me and said "How's the hard-on going?"

She then said "Answer, it wasn't rhetorical."

"It's still kind of hard my love, but I was focusing on the massage for the most part so it was like that the whole time."

"OK, this should be an easy one for you to stay focused on, a great intro lesson. Grab that barely hard cock in your hand, good. Now, using only slow strokes, very slow, I want you to maintain an erection. I want you to use my body as the object of desire, stare, ogle, and examine my body from right where you are so you stay aroused."

"The point of the exercise is to stay focused, don't let your mind wander, don't stop thinking about it, think about my almost naked body and how it turns you on, let that be all that matters, ok? Also note that is you lose focus on my body, I'll take that as an insult and you will be punished."

"Mmmm, yes my love, this is how I've been picturing you when I say my love, now it's the real thing."

"Good, I see you're pretty much hard now, so let's begin, no talking, I want to read my book and you have your task."

I stood a foot from her right hip, able to look over her whole body from above with ease. At the beginning I slowly stroked my cock up and down as I watched her breasts, admiring how soft and large they were, covered in that thin layer of bikin fabric. I'd stare at the bumps that indicated where her nipples would be.

Overtime, however, my focus on her body changed, I started to admire different parts of her body, first her legs and stomach and the way they disappeared in her bikini bottom, then her face. I then started to admire her whole body, every single part, from her fingers, up her arms to her biceps, where tiny little hairs grew sparingly, her delicate looking armpits, where the sun or wind rarely touched, I really wanted to touch her there just because I realized that spot on her body has little contact with anything, like a spot that's more pure than the rest of her.

My eyes followed the gently curve of her shoulder into her neck, the slight protrusion her collarbone made on her skin.

I watched her feet, how she wiggled her toes gently, slightly, seemingly at random, but after watching for a while I noticed a pattern and could predict how she'd move them. I looked at the glossy polish I had applied on her tiny toes, the way her little feet pointed right up in the air and blended seamlessly into her ankles.

I admired her ankle bones, her knees, her elbows, her smooth legs that somehow didn't contain any hair shimmering in the sun, her creamy thin thighs looked so sensual, so luxurious.

I watched her breathe, I watched her body move with every breath, I admired how the sun played with her loose hair strands, I took note of every dimple, every freckle and wrinkle on her. I watched the muscles in her arm flex just a little every time she turned the page or every time she took a sip of her drink. I thought of the cool liquid flowing down her hot body and I watched the sweat beads form over her body. It was like time slowed down, every move she made was fascinating and erotic to me, I felt closer to her, like I could feel what she was feeling.

I stared at her face, memorizing her features, describing them to myself in great detail, at one point she took off her sunglasses, like she knew I was missing her eyes and looked into my eyes so I could study hers, we said nothing but just stared deeply for a long time, as I gently stroked my hard cock, until I continued my tour of her body.

I have no idea how long I did that for, but it was over an hour easily, I was totally engrossed with her body, like I was connected to it, I had a deeper appreciation for her beauty, her sexiness then anyone I'd ever had before. The whole time my dick was rock hard, the only distraction I ever had was when I could feel blood throbbing through my cock.

Eventually Jenn knocked me out of my trance to say "You did very well," with genuine pleased emotions in her voice, "I could feel the intensity from you, you have some strong vibes."

She paused for a bit as I looked at her curiously, "I think you are ready sooner than I thought, if you'd like, you can go get the wooden paddle I got you and trade spanks for my bikini top. You don't have to trade if you don't want to, my top will come off later on regardless, but I can't say when."

"I know the paddle, I will take my reward."

"You don't even want to know how many spanks?" Jenn asked, like she was challenging me.

"It doesn't matter, this way is the way we both want. My -- mmm" I moaned involuntarily at the thought of her topless before me, "-my love."

I went and got the wooden paddle and brought it back to her. "Go wet it in the ocean, my submissive."

Jenn followed behind me, "Now stand up straight and hand it to me"

She then reared back and hit me about as hard as she could, I absorbed the stinging blow without a sound "Wet it and stand up again." Jenn ordered over the sounds of the waves crashing and flowing over our feet and ankles.

She did this five times, leaving my ass very sore and bright red. The water added an extra bit to the strikes.

"OK, turn around, let's see that erection...all gone. OK, here's the deal, you get to watch me hit you now, and I'll hit you in the thighs and wet the board myself, I am going to do this until you can get that erection back, this time no touching, just focus and get hard and you're good. "

I watched her bend over and get the paddle wet.

"Clasp your hands behind your head." I obeyed immediately and watched with wide eyes as she swung hard and smacked me cleanly mid thigh. It fucking hurt.

She barely gave me time to recover from that as she had re-wet the board and spanked my thighs again as hard as she could. I gasped sharply at this, unable to maintain my composure very well.

She then started to slow down in between, backing away each time to let me check out her gorgeous body as she bent over to wet the paddle, letting me stare at that awesome ass. It was at spank 5 that I started to feel some blood flow into my penis, but it took all the way to spank 10 for me to get fully erect, she was waiting a long time in-between and I was near tears at the pain, my thighs felt like they were on fire.

"OK, my pain slut, you did it, how do you feel?"

"I feel awful...my love, my thighs kill."

"That will fade, I will let you take a break for a while, but you'd be disappointing me if you did so."

"Then I will continue, my love."

"Good, this part will be enjoyable for you, get down on your knees and follow me, don't use your arms." she said as she headed back to her beach chair and sat down while she waited for me to walk on my knees the 40 feet to her beach chair, my bright red thighs leading the way.

She sat on the chair, but sideways, like on a bench and dug her feet into the sand as best as she could, "Now, what would you do to see my breasts like I promised?"

I was a bit taken aback, thinking I had earned them, but recovered quickly, "Anything, my love."

"Hmm, you sound sincere, would you trade my bikini for me hitting you in the stomach, the chest?"

"If that is what you desire, my love."

"I imagine I will someday," she said dismissively, "but you maintained your side of the bargain so you will get my bikini top. I was just curious about your level of devotion and determination. I am impressed."

"If you wouldn't mind," she continued, "though you don't have to, since you've already earned my top, this isn't a test, I'd get immense amusement if you would dig the tops of my feet out of the sand with you face, and kiss the top of each foot and then ask, no I think beg is the right word, beg to the extent of your desire to remove my top. Let me know how much you want it. What will you choose?"

I could tell she was being truthful, I could choose whichever I wanted, and she knew there was a decent chance I would decline to do the extra work. I was beginning to see that she was very honest and forward, like she'd never deceive me or trick me, which this realization I now felt completely safe under her command, I realized, I could completely let go of any anxiety of what will happen and totally submit to her. Up until now I was obeying because I was trained, very well, to respond right away, but it was like I was being forced to, I'd just been overpowering my resistance to it, now the resistance dropped, and I felt comfortable and eager to just enjoy the ride from here on forward.

"It would give me pleasure to do this favor for you my love."

"Thank you." she said, like she was barely paying attention.

I got down and closed my mouth and eyes and rubbed my face into the sand over where she had dug her left foot, until I felt her skin and brushed all the sand of it with my cheek, then planted a big, wet kiss on her foot and repeated with the other foot, I then got back on my knees and said, with sand clinging to my face: "My love, please let me see your beautiful breasts, I have worked hard and am desperate to see them. They look perfect through your top and I want to see them so badly."

"Go around the other side of me and untie it with your mouth and I will give you a lovely reward since you've done so well today."

I crawled around, I wasn't sure if I was allowed to get up, and got my teeth into the bow around her neck and then the one at her back and tugged the bikini free of her body.

She then stood up and still kept her breasts facing away from me and said "Take that towel and put it on the beach away from the chair so I may lie in the sand." It still bugged me how she sounded almost bored, as if going through a routine.

She then finally turned around and let me look at her perfect breasts for the first time, I followed them with my eyes as she moved towards me and lay down on the towel right beside me. "I want you to kneel over me and masturbate slowly, tell me when you think you are near coming, but not on the edge yet."

I knelt over her hips, loving the feel of them against my legs, I was still completely in awe of her great body, while feeling a bit awkward kneeling over a girl, naked and erect but not doing anything, just looking.