Jim's Insurance Exam
byJimmyJohnson©

This is another work of fiction featuring Jim Johnson (my alter ego). This time, Jim has to go for an insurance physical and his wife Mandy accompanies him to the exam. Just to put a different spin on this story, I tell it from Mandy's viewpoint as she watches Jim's exam. I tried to add a lot of detail and build up the anticipation and embarrassment for Jim slowly. So it's a long story. Please let me know if you enjoy it and if you have any ideas on how I could have improved it.



I looked at my watch and realized that it had been almost 25 minutes since we checked in at the front desk. It was beginning to look like this doctor's office was just like all the others. They all want you to arrive early but then they make you wait long past your appointment time. Our appointment was at 8:30 in the morning, so it's hard to believe that they're already running behind schedule.

"I sure hope they call me back soon," Jim said, "I'm already tired of waiting."

"I know dear," I replied, "I am too."

My name is Mandy and Jim is my dear husband. Jim is here to receive a life insurance physical and me; well I guess you could say that I'm here for moral support. You see, we've been married for about 5 years now, and we recently decided that it was time for Jim to take out a life insurance policy. He's a very responsible guy, and I think he wanted to make sure I would be alright financially if anything ever happened to him. For the most part it was his idea, but I thought it made sense.

Jim signed up for a fairly substantial life insurance policy, the kind that requires a physical exam. And not just one of those simple exams that are done at your own home by a paramedical technician. This policy requires a full physical exam. And that's why Jim is here today. I came along for two reasons. First, Jim is not really that fond of doctors. He will do just about anything to avoid going to one. He had a full physical around the time we got married, and I nagged him to have another one about 2 years ago. But he absolutely hates the thought of seeing the doctor, especially for a physical exam. So when he found out that the policy that he wanted required a physical, he almost canceled the application. But I was able to change his mind.

I said there were two reasons for my presence here. The second reason is that I absolutely love medical exams. I look forward to my annual exam with my gynecologist each year. I guess you could say that I have a bit of a medical fetish. Not only do I enjoy receiving an exam myself, I love thinking about my dear husband receiving one as well. On the two occasions when Jim did have a physical, it was all I could think about for days. I barraged him with questions about the exam. What did the doctor do? How far did he have to undress? What did it feel like? Was he embarrassed at all? All sorts of questions like that. I wanted to hear about every last detail of his exam, and I wished that I could have been there myself to watch.

So as long as I was accompanying Jim to the office, I offered to go the extra mile and come back with him to the exam room, just for moral support, of course. He didn't agree at first. It took just a bit of convincing on my part. I explained to him that since he is usually nervous at the doctor's office, it might be better for me to come along and help answer any questions. And I also explained to him that watching his exam would make me extremely hot. Jim knows that I have a thing for medical exams, even though we don't incorporate it into our own play. He finally agreed to let me watch his exam when I promised to make it worth his while afterward! And so here we are, waiting to be called back for his physical.

It is a very busy office and there seems to be a constant flow of new patients arriving and checking in at the front desk. From our seat in the waiting room, we can hear most of the conversations as new patients check in.

"It sounds like everyone is here for the same thing: A physical exam," Jim said.

"It sure does," I replied, "but that makes sense since it is their specialty."

I handed Jim the pamphlet that I read when we first arrived. It was a one-page sheet that described the office and their medical practice. They described themselves as a multi-specialty occupational medicine practice that specialized in workman's compensation cases and life insurance examinations.

"Oh, that explains it then," he said as he took a quick look at the pamphlet. "I guess they should be pretty good at it if all they do is physicals," he continued. "I wonder if the exam will be any different than what I've had in the past?"

"I'm not sure dear," I replied as I reassuringly took his hand in mine. "I'm sure it will be nothing at all. You'll do just fine."

I'm sure part of Jim's apprehension was due to the fact that he'd never been to this doctor's office before. In fact, neither of us had ever heard of this place until we received the letter from the insurance company. The letter simply provided Jim with the office location and told him when to arrive. It didn't even name the doctor that he would be seeing, so I assumed he'd just see the next one that was available. It also said that Jim should be fasting, so that's probably another reason why he's a bit cranky this morning. Just then the inner door to the waiting room opened.

"Daniel Schneider," called a young twenty-something nurse as she entered the waiting room.

"Right here," replied a young man sitting across from us.

Jim and I both watched him as he got up to follow the nurse out of the waiting room. He was younger than us, probably in his mid-twenties and looked like he worked out all the time. You could see that he had muscular arms and a nice muscular chest as he walked past us. Once he passed us, we had a nice view of his backside which was clothed in appropriately tight and well-fitting jeans.

"My, my," I whispered to Jim, "he sure looks healthy. I wonder if they'll let me watch his exam instead of yours."

Jim looked at me and frowned. "Stop that Mandy," he said. "You should just be happy that I'm letting you come back with me."

"I'm sorry dear," I whispered in reply, "I am really looking forward to watching your exam. But you know I just can't help myself. I can't help wondering what the doctor will be doing to that nice young man in just a few minutes. I'm just dying to see my very first male physical exam."

"Well, if everything goes according to plan, you'll get to watch my exam in just a few minutes," said Jim in response. The inner door opened again and a much older nurse entered the waiting room.

"James Johnson," she called.

"Well, that's us," Jim said as he stood up and walked toward the nurse. I got up and followed a few steps behind Jim.

"Can I help you?" asked the nurse as I stood next to Jim.

"I'm Jim's wife, Mandy," I answered, "I'm coming back with him."

"Oh, are you sure that's alright with you, Mr. Johnson," she asked turning toward Jim.

"Yes, that's right, I'd like my wife to come back with me," he replied.

"Very well, please follow me," said the nurse.

We follow the nurse down a short hallway and then turn the corner into a much longer hallway. As we walked down the hallway we passed exam rooms on both sides. Some of the doors were still open and the rooms were unoccupied; some had the door open and fully-clothed patients sitting on the exam table. Still others had a closed door. I wondered what might be taking place behind those closed doors as we passed them.

We stop at an exam room about half-way down the hallway and the nurse instructed us to enter. It's a very large exam room, larger than I've ever been in before. It has the typical setup of an padded, adjustable exam table in the middle of the room, a counter and sink positioned on one side of the room, and a couple of cheap plastic chairs on the other side. The room is equipped with its own scale and eye chart and there is also an adjustable light that is attached to the ceiling directly above the exam table. Next to the scale I noticed a set of portable wooden stairs against the wall. One unusual feature of the room is that it is equipped with its own toilet located at the far end of the room. It seems as though the room is equipped with everything that they need to complete an exam without going to another room.

"Please have a seat on the exam table, Mr. Johnson," ordered the nurse. "And you can have a seat right here," she said to me, pointing to the plastic chairs.

I sat down while Jim climbed aboard the exam table. I could tell by the look on his face that he was starting to get nervous.

"I'm Nurse Wilson -- Caroline Wilson," said the nurse, "and I'll be completing the preliminary part of your exam today. You've been assigned to Nurse Goodell who will complete the hands-on portion of the exam. You're here for an insurance physical today, is that correct Mr. Johnson?"

"Yes, that's right," Jim responded.

"Alright then, I see that you already completed the medical history forms and I've got a copy of your identification that you provided when you checked in." she said. "We're very careful about checking identification here. You wouldn't believe how often we catch someone trying to cheat on an insurance physical. I also have the paperwork that was sent over by your insurance company. Each insurance company requires a slightly different exam, so give me a minute to look over their forms and familiarize myself with their requirements."

Nurse Wilson stood at the counter reviewing the paperwork and making a few notes in Jim's chart. She seemed to be fairly old -- in her late 50's if I had to guess. She had a medium build with dark hair and appeared to be in good shape. From her demeanor you got the feeling that she was all business. She was in control and she knew it. But she seemed pleasant enough. I looked up at Jim and gave him a reassuring smile. He smiled back, but looked very nervous.

As she continued to read the insurance paperwork, Nurse Wilson addressed Jim: "My, my, you must have applied for a fairly large insurance policy Mr. Johnson."

"It's substantial, but I don't think it is excessive," answered Jim. "Why do you say that?"

"Well," continued the nurse, "based on the forms that they sent us, your insurance company requires a very thorough exam." At that moment, I saw Jim's face turn pale as if all of the blood had run out of it.

"But, I'm sure you have just a basic exam that you perform on everyone, right?" Jim asked.

"Well, no, I'm afraid not, Mr. Johnson," Nurse Wilson answered. "You see, the insurance companies contract with us because we have a reputation for following their directions exactly as requested on the exam forms. We've earned their trust over the years and they know that we'll do whatever they ask. So, we are contractually obligated to use the forms that they provide as our guide. We always perform all aspects of the exam exactly as they have requested on the forms."

As she was talking, she looked directly at Jim and smiled. Jim was looking down toward the floor, avoiding eye contact.

"Yes, we always provide a thorough exam for all of our patients," she continued, "but in your case, the exam will be just a bit more thorough than usual. But please don't worry about it, Mr. Johnson, I'm sure you'll pass your physical without any problem at all."

The nurse continued talking directly to Jim as if I wasn't in the room. "However, if I may suggest, you might want to reconsider having your wife in the room. You see, I'm afraid that parts of the exam might be a bit embarrassing for you, and perhaps for her."

I immediately spoke up, not wanting to lose my chance to witness Jim's exam. "I think Jim would be more comfortable if I were to stay, isn't that right dear?"

I looked directly into Jim's eyes as I spoke, as if to send him a "don't you dare make me leave" message. Jim looked back at me and smiled.

"That's right," he said to the nurse, "I'd actually prefer to have Mandy here, even if it might be embarrassing."

"Well, that is entirely up to you," answered the nurse, "I can only make the suggestion. It is your decision."

"Well then," said Nurse Wilson, "let's get started." With that, the nurse approached Jim as he sat, still fully-clothed, on the exam table.

"This goes under your tongue," she said as she inserted an electronic thermometer into his mouth. She took his right hand in hers and then looked at her watch as she recorded his pulse and respiration rate. As she was recording this in Jim's chart, the thermometer beeped, signaling that it was ready to be read. She retrieved the thermometer and read it aloud.

"98.7, that's normal," she said as she recorded it in his chart. Next, she retrieved a blood pressure cuff and began to place it around Jim's right arm.

"Can you pull your sleeve up for me a bit?" she ask. Jim used his left hand to pull the sleeve of his shirt out of the way. Nurse Wilson placed the BP cuff around his arm and then placed the stethoscope in her ears. After placing the bell of the stethoscope on Jim's arm, she pumped up the air in the cuff. After a few brief moments, the blood pressure reading was complete and recorded in Jim's chart.

"We need to check your vision now, Mr. Johnson," said the nurse. "Can you please stand on that line over there?"

As she spoke, she pointed to a line that had been taped to the floor. Jim got up from the exam table and stood on the mark as directed, facing an eye chart that was attached to the back of the door.

"Cover your left eye, please," the nurse ordered, "and see if you can read the second line from the bottom." Jim read the random letters of the eye chart without a problem.

"Good, now try it again with your right eye covered." Jim once again recited the line without any difficulty at all.

"Alright, go ahead and have a seat in that chair behind you," she ordered. "I need to get some blood now." Jim sat down in the other plastic chair while Nurse Wilson gathered several empty vials for the collection of his blood.

"Hold out your arms please, let's see which arm we want to use," she said as she approached Jim. "Let's use your left arm, you have a nice big vein which should make this easier," she said. She pulled the small rolling stool over to Jim and sat down directly in front of him.

"Pull up your sleeve please," she ordered as she wrapped a rubber tube around Jim's upper arm and pulled it tight. "Now make a fist, please" she commanded. She now used an alcohol wipe to sanitize his skin before inserting the syringe directly into his vein.

"Breath normally, please," she reminded Jim. I watched as the blood flowed into the tube that was attached to the syringe. When it was full, she quickly switched tubes and the blood continued to flow into the second tube.

"Just one more, you can relax your fist now," she said as she filled the final tube.

"There you go, that wasn't too bad," she said as she removed the syringe from Jim's arm and covered it with a small piece of gauze and surgical tape.

Nurse Wilson took the vials of blood back to the counter and made some notes in Jim's chart. She stood there reviewing the paperwork for a brief moment, seemingly going through a checklist in her head and trying to decide what was next on the list.

"Well, I think that's just about all we can do with you fully clothed," she said as she looked directly at Jim. "I'll step out while you disrobe. Please remove everything, including your socks, your watch and any other jewelry you might be wearing. Are you wearing underwear today?" she asked.

"Yes, of course," Jim replied.

"Then you can leave that on for now," the nurse said. "Most men don't bother with a gown but I can get one for you if you would prefer."

"That won't be necessary," Jim replied, "I hate gowns."

"Alright then, just leave the door ajar when you're ready, and I'll be back to finished the preliminary parts of your exam." With that, Nurse Wilson opened the door and exited the exam room, closing the door behind her. Jim stood up from the chair and looked directly at me.

"I already hate this," he said. I just smiled back at him, trying to reassure him that it would be alright.

"Don't worry dear," I said, "it won't be too bad. And besides, you have to go through with this if you want that insurance policy. You really don't have a choice, do you?"

"No, I guess not," he replied. As he spoke, Jim began to undress. First he unbuttoned his crisp white button-down shirt and removed it.

"Let me help you with that," I said, offering to take the shirt from him. I hung it on a hook that was on the wall behind my chair.

Next, he pulled the clean, white T-shirt over his head and handed it to me. Jim's muscular chest and arms were now on display before me as they were on so many occasions in our bedroom at home. Next, he sat back down in the chair and removed his shoes, placing them under the chair. After standing back up, Jim unbuckled his belt and loosened the top of his jeans. He unzipped his fly and let his jeans drop to the floor, revealing his white Calvin Klein briefs.

"Oh, nice choice of underwear today, dear," I said.

"Yeah, well, if I would have given it some thought, I probably would have worn loose boxers instead," he answered. As we talked, he stepped out of the jeans, picked them up and handed them to me.

"No, they're perfect Jim, you look great in your briefs." I gave Jim a big grin as I spoke. I wasn't lying. He really did look good in his briefs. I really liked the way they held his package firmly in place. And you could easily see the outline of his cock and balls through the tight white fabric.

Jim walked back to the exam table and climbed aboard, letting his bare legs dangle over the edge.

"Aren't you forgetting something?" I asked. "She said to leave the door ajar when you're ready."

"Oh, right," Jim said. He got up, walked over to the door and ever so slightly opened it. I watched with anticipation as he took a seat back on the exam table. I enjoyed seeing Jim sit there in just his briefs. But I already wanted more. I couldn't wait to see how his examination would unfold. I secretly hoped that it would be as extensive and embarrassing as the nurse suggested.

After a short wait, there was a soft knock on the door. The nurse opened it and entered, pushing a metal cart with a small EKG machine.

"All ready?" she asked as she entered the room.

"I suppose so," answered Jim.

"Well, it doesn't look like you followed all of my directions, you still have your socks on, and I also need you to remove your watch and wedding ring. I said no jewelry."

"Oh, sorry about that," Jim answered. He reached down and removed his socks without getting up.

"Here Mandy, take these please," he said as he held them out for me. I got up and took the socks from him.

"Give me your watch and ring," I said as I stood before him. The nurse had her back to us and wasn't watching, so I took the opportunity to gently stroke Jim's inner thigh with my fingers. He was startled by my touch and immediately looked up at me as if to ask what I was doing. I just grinned at him before rubbing my index finger across my lower lip.

"We'll start with your EKG," said Nurse Wilson. "Have you ever had one before?"

"Yes, I have," answered Jim.

"Good, then you know the drill. Please lay back on the table and relax. This won't take long at all."

Jim laid down flat on the exam table while she positioned the EKG cart next to him. The nurse made fast work of attaching the contacts to Jim's arms, chest and ankles. The contacts were the kind with a self-adhesive back so she was able to quickly apply them to his skin. She then attached the appropriate wire to each contact. I was enjoying the view as she prepared him for the EKG. He was flat on his back with his legs slightly parted. From my position, I had a very nice view of the package between his legs that was held snuggly in place by his briefs. 

"Alright, Mr. Johnson, please remain still and breathe normally," ordered the nurse.

With that, she switched on the EKG and began recording. The EKG appeared to be paperless, but it had a small monitor that she was watching. I too watched the lines dance up and down as they recorded Jim's heart beat. After 30 seconds or so, she switched off the machine.

"All done," exclaimed the nurse. She quickly disconnected the wires from my husband and pealed the adhesive contacts from his skin. She started to wheel the EKG cart toward the door.

"You can sit up now, I have to return this to its proper place in case someone else needs it, but I'll be right back." As Jim sat up on the exam table, she opened the door and pushed the cart out into the hallway, closing the door firmly behind her. I looked at Jim and smiled.

"What?" he asked, "Why are you smiling at me?"

"I'm just enjoying this," I answered. "I've never watched a male exam like this before and it's exciting."

At that moment Nurse Wilson reentered the exam room, ending our conversation. She immediately made her way to the counter and reviewed the next items on Jim's chart.

"It looks like we need to get some measurements now, Mr. Johnson. Can you please stand up for me?" she requested.

Jim got up from the exam table and stood in the middle of the room facing me. Nurse Wilson approached him with a cloth measuring tape.

"Stand up straight and hold your arms out at your sides please," she ordered. As Jim lifted his arms, she placed the cloth tape around his upper chest.

"I need to measure your chest at maximum inhalation and exhalation, so take a deep breath and hold it," she ordered. Jim took a deep breath and held it as she recorded the measurement.

"Now take another deep breath and exhale completely," she requested. Jim exhaled as she measured his chest again.

"Now just breath normally," she said as she slid the cloth measuring tape down across his navel. "This is to measure your abdomen at the umbilical." She now returned the cloth tape to the counter and retrieved some skin fold calipers.

"Let's get your skin fold measurements now," she said. She approached Jim and took several measurements, all on the right side of Jim's body: his chest, his triceps, his front thigh, his abdomen, and on his side just above his hip bone. Jim looked nervous as she quickly moved from site to site, pinching his skin and measuring it with the calipers.

"Alright, time for your height and weight," she said, "step onto the scale please."

The scale was at the wall right next to where I was sitting. As Jim walked over to the scale, Nurse Wilson returned the calipers to their place on the counter and made some additional notes in Jim's chart.

"Wait a second, Mr. Johnson," she said, "It looks like your shorts need to come off before I can record your weight."

"What?" Jim replied, "you've got to be kidding."

"I am sorry, but I'm completely serious," answered the nurse. "The form specifies height without shoes and weight unclothed, so that's precisely how it must be done."

"But my shorts can't possibly weigh that much," Jim protested, "can't you just compensate for them?"

"Well, as I already said, Mr. Johnson, we follow the instructions that we receive from each insurance company. To the letter. So I'm not really allowed to compensate for anything." Jim just stood there shaking his head.

"If it makes you feel any better, Mr. Johnson, your shorts will need to be removed soon anyway. The next few steps on your exam form require it. So you will have to remove them sooner or later."

Jim knew that he was going to lose this battle, so he turned toward me, pulled down his briefs and stepped out of them. He handed them to me as he stepped up on the scale. Nurse Wilson walked over to the scale to record Jim's weight. He was facing the wall with his now-nude backside facing the nurse. Since the scale was right next to me, I had a very nice profile view of Jim. Even from the side, his penis and testicles could be clearly seen hanging from the front of his nude body.

"Now turn around, and stand up straight for me," she ordered.

Jim turned around and faced the nurse for the first time since his briefs were removed. She adjusted the measuring rod that was mounted at the back of the scale to record his height. She didn't make a point of staring at his genitals, but I did notice her quickly glance down at Jim and then turn to me and smile, as if she approved of what she saw.

"You can step off the scale, Mr. Johnson," she said as she walked back to the counter to record his measurements. Jim retrieved his briefs from me and started to put them back on before the nurse noticed what he was doing.

"Don't get dressed yet, I need your shorts off for this next part," she ordered. "As you might expect, your insurance company requires a urine specimen," she explained, "and we normally allow you to do that in private. But your form stipulates that it must be an observed sample. Have you ever given an observed sample before, Mr. Johnson?" she asked. Jim just shook his head no.

"What that means is that I'm required to first ensure that you do not have any type of substitute sample concealed on your body, and then I must actually observe you as the sample is provided." I giggled when I heard that bit of news, I just couldn't help myself.

"Mandy, it's not funny," Jim said as he turned to me.

"I'm sorry," I responded.

I now addressed myself to the nurse. "Do you mean that you actually have to stay here and watch him pee?"

"Yes, that's correct, Mrs. Johnson," she replied. As she was talking, she was writing Jim's name on a plastic specimen cup.

"Please stand over there," she said, pointing to the middle of the room, just a few feet in front of me. The nurse now retrieved two pink exam gloves from a box on the counter and proceeded to pull one onto each hand. It was beginning to look like Jim was about to receive some type of inspection prior to his urine specimen.

"This is just a formality Mr. Johnson, it's part of the required protocol that must be followed for observed collections," she said. "Please place your feet shoulder-width apart and put your hands on top of your head, palms up," she ordered as she approached him.

Jim was facing her and had his back to me and reluctantly complied with her order, shuffling his feet further apart and moving his hands to the top of his head. She began her inspection by examining his hands, lifting up each hand to ensure that Jim wasn't concealing anything before placing it back on top of his head. She then squatted down in front of him and quickly moved her hands around his genitals and inner thighs. Since I was behind him, I couldn't see exactly what she was doing, but I could see her hands move between his widely parted legs.

"Turn around please," she ordered, "and keep your hands on top of your head." Jim turned around and now faced me.

"Bend your left leg please," she ordered. Jim now bent his left leg at the knee, raising his foot for her to inspect.

"Good, now the right," she said. Jim repeated the move with his right leg.

"Good, now bend over and touch the floor, please," she ordered. Jim bent over and reached for the ground with both hands, giving Nurse Wilson what was surly a fine view of his nude ass. I watched as her hands quickly brushed against his cheeks to complete her inspection.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson," she said, "follow me to the toilet."

As Jim stood up, he briefly looked at me and shook his head in disbelief. I could tell that he was not happy at this point. But more importantly, I was enjoying every minute of this. They both now walked to the far end of the exam room and stood in front of the toilet.

"Here you go," she said as she handed him the plastic cup. "Please start your stream in the toilet and then fill the cup."

Jim took a position in front of the toilet while Nurse Wilson moved a few feet to the left and watched. Jim held the plastic cup in his left hand and used his right hand to hold his penis. After about a minute of waiting, a stream of urine started to flow from his penis. He quickly moved the cup under his stream to catch the sample. When he finished, Jim handed the cup to the nurse.

"Go ahead and dry yourself off," she said, "you wouldn't want to dribble." Jim took a small piece of toilet paper and used it to blot the last few drops of urine from the tip of his penis. After placing a cover on the plastic cup, she opened a small metal door that was in the wall and placed the sample inside. She then removed her exam gloves and made some additional notes in Jim's chart.

"I think that's it for now," she said. "Nurse Goodell will be in shortly to complete your examination. You can go ahead and put your shorts back on while you're waiting." As she walked toward the door and exited the room, Jim walked over to me to retrieve his briefs.

"Why not just leave them off?" I said to Jim. "Based on what I've seen so far, I have a pretty good idea that you'll end up taking them off again."

"Because I don't want to wait here in the nude and I don't want to meet this Nurse Goodell person like this," he answered. "Even if you are enjoying this."

Jim stepped into his briefs and pulled them up, once again covering his ample package in the clean white cloth. He walked back to the exam table and took a seat on top of it. As he sat down, I got up and approached him. Standing directly in front of him, I placed my hands on his knees, leaned in to him and gave him a passionate open-mouth kiss.

"What's that for?" he asked when the kiss had ended.

"That's just to thank you. Thank you for allowing me to be here." I replied. "I'm really enjoying this so far." As I spoke, I slipped my right hand between his parted legs and cradled his cloth-covered package with my fingers.

"And I can't wait to see what she does with these," I said as I fondled and lifted his testicles with my fingers.

"Stop it Mandy," said Jim, "I really don't need any extra stimulation right now".

Just then I heard someone outside the door. I quickly returned to my seat just as there was a quiet knock at the door. The door opened and in walked a very young and good looking nurse.

"Hello, Mr. Johnson, I'm Kristy Goodell," she said as she extended her hand to Jim. "I will be completing your insurance examination today."

She looked like she was fresh out of medical school and couldn't be a day over 25. She was medium height, slender and fit, with light brown hair. Overall she was quite attractive in her white doctor's coat.

"Nice to meet you," Jim replied as he shook her hand.

"Hello," she said as she turned toward me, "and you are?"

"I'm Mandy, Jim's wife," I said as I shook her hand.

"I see," she said. "Well, you are welcome to stay as long as it's OK with your husband."

Jim now spoke up: "Yes, doctor, I'd actually prefer to have Mandy stay."

"That's fine then, whatever makes you more comfortable, Mr. Johnson" she continued. "And just to clear things up, I am not a doctor, I am a nurse practitioner. But I have a great deal of experience conducting physicals like this, so rest assured you're in very good hands today."

Nurse Goodell stood silently at the counter reviewing Jim's chart for a few moments.

"I've reviewed the medical history and questionnaire that you provided," she said to Jim, "and it looks like you really don't have any health concerns. Is that correct?"

"That's right, I don't have any problems that I'm aware of," replied Jim.

"Well, that's good, we just have to satisfy the requirements of your insurance company and we'll have you on your way in no time at all," she said.

"Now, Mr. Johnson, I do have some questions that I'm required to ask you, for the record, so to speak." The nurse then began a series of rapid-fire questions and recorded Jim's responses in his chart.

"Have you recently had any severe chest pain?" "No."

"Any heart palpitations, shortness of breath, severe headaches, blurred vision or lightheadedness?" "No."

"Any numbness in your arms or legs?" "No."

"Have you had any abdominal pain?" "No."

"Any severe back pain?" "No."

"Any pain in your groin or testicles?" "No."

"Do you have any family history of heart disease or stroke?" "No."

"Any family history of cancer?"

"Well, my father did have prostate cancer a few years ago," Jim replied.

"Is he doing well now?" she asked.

"Yes, he had radiation and chemo and seems to be fine now," said Jim.

"Any family history of epilepsy, seizures or other brain disorders?" "No."

"Have you had any recent surgeries or hospitalizations?" "No."

"Do you urinate frequently?" "No."

"Do you ever have to get up in the middle of the night to urinate?"

"Once in a while" replied Jim.

"When you urinate, do you ever have difficulty starting?"

"No, except for just now in front of your nurse." Nurse Goodell gave a half-hearted attempt at a laugh.

"What about your bowel movements, how often do you have them?"

"Usually once a day."

"And when was your last bowel movement?"

"Yesterday morning" answered Jim.

Nurse Goodell paused for a few seconds to update Jim's chart.

"I'm going to ask you some lifestyle questions now, Mr. Johnson. Once again I'm required to ask these questions by your insurance company."

"Do you now or have you ever smoked?" "No."

"Do you take illegal drugs?" "No."

"Do you abuse prescription or over-the-counter drugs?" "No."

"Do you drink alcohol?" "Yes" replied Jim.

"Beer or hard liquor?"

"I have a beer a few times a week, and a mixed drink one in a while, maybe once a month," Jim replied.

"Your weight seems fine, so that's not an issue. What about exercise?"

"I try to exercise regularly," answered Jim. "I run regularly and play tennis a couple of times a month, and golf less frequently than that."

Once again, the nurse paused to update his chart. I took the opportunity to look up at Jim and smile. He smiled back, but he still seemed very nervous.

"I need to ask about your sexual history now, Mr. Johnson. I apologize if this is embarrassing for you or your wife, but I am required to ask these questions."

"I understand, go ahead," Jim replied.

"I'm assuming you are sexually active, is that correct?" "Yes."

"Do you currently have multiple partners?" "No."

"What about in the past, did you ever have multiple partners?"

"Yes, before Mandy and I got married."

"And how long ago was that?"

"We've been married for 5 years now and she's been my only partner for all of those years," Jim replied.

"Have you ever had a sexually transmitted disease?" "No."

"Did you ever have unprotected sex with multiple partners?"

"Well, most of the time I wore a condom, but sometimes, yes, it was unprotected" Jim replied. Jim looked at me with embarrassment, as if he was ashamed of his prior relationships.

"And these previous partners, were they all female or were any of them male?"

"All female," Jim replied with a smile.

"And did you practice vaginal sex with them?" "Yes."

"Anal sex?" "Um, sure, a few times" Jim replied.

"You penetrated them anally?" "Yes."

"I know you said these were all female partners, but were you ever penetrated anally yourself, perhaps with a sex toy or other device?"

"Um, sure, yeah, I had one girlfriend that liked to do me with a strap-on," Jim replied with an embarrassed look on his face.

"And oral sex?" "Yes."

"You performed it on them or they on you?" "Both."

"And what about now with your wife, is that primarily vaginal intercourse?" "Yes."

"Any anal sex?" "Yes."

"Does your wife ever penetrate you anally?"

"Yeah, sometimes -- she's got a few toys that she uses," Jim replied.

"Oral sex?" "Yes, we do each other?"

"And do you use any protection now?" "No".

"Even for anal sex?"

"Well yeah, when I'm doing Mandy from behind, I slip on a condom for that."

As Jim was speaking, I was thinking about how good he felt in me, especially how much I loved it when he took me from behind and made love to my ass hole. The sensations of him pounding my ass with his well lubricated cock were magnificent. And I loved the feeling of his balls as they slapped against my bare ass. I looked up at him and grinned from ear to ear as he was answering the nurse.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson, I think that covers all of the questions for now. Time to start your exam," said the nurse as she washed her hands in the sink.

After drying them, she approached Jim and began her examination, starting with everything from the neck up. She looked in his ears, up his nose, down his throat and in his eyes. She then walked toward the door and flipped the light switch, turning off the lights in the exam room.

"Just look straight ahead," she said as she shined a small light directly in each eye. When she completed the test, she turned the lights back on.

"Now, keep your head still and follow my finger with your eyes," she commanded as she moved her finger in front of Jim.

"Squeeze my fingers with your right hand," she said as she held out her fingers in front of Jim. Jim grabbed them with his right hand and squeezed.

"Good, now with your left," she said. Jim repeated the test with his left hand.

The nurse now walked over to the counter and retrieved a single exam glove. She approached Jim as she pulled it on her right hand.

"Just look straight ahead and open wide please," she ordered. Jim complied, opening his mouth wide. Using her freshly gloved hand, the nurse stuck several fingers into Jim's mouth, running them up and around all interior surfaces in his mouth. She held a small light in her left hand, aiming it into his mouth.

"Any sores or bleeding?" she asked.

Jim grunted an answer that was assumed to mean no. She now retrieved a small piece of cotton gauze and approached Jim once again.

"Open wide and stick out your tongue please," she said. As Jim stuck his tongue out, she grabbed it using the cotton gauze. Once it was captured by her gloved hand, she pulled his tongue out further and examined it, lifting it up to inspect the underside. Satisfied that everything was OK, she released his tongue and peeled off the exam glove.

"I need to check your reflexes now," she said as she retrieved a small rubber hammer from the counter, "just relax please."

As she spoke, she tapped the hammer on each of Jim's knees and observed him as his legs jerked involuntarily. She repeated the same test on his elbows, wrists and also his ankles. Satisfied that Jim's reflexes were normal, she retrieved a metal pin wheel and ran it across his right arm.

"Do you feel that?" she asked.

"Yes." replied Jim.

She repeated the test on his left arm and then tested each of his thighs in the same way. She then lifted Jim's right leg and ran the wheel across the bottom of his foot.

"Do you feel that?" she asked again. As Jim replied in the affirmative, she repeated the test on the bottom of his left foot.

Nurse Goodell now put the ear pieces of her stethoscope in her ears and pressed the bell against Jim's chest. She didn't say anything, or give Jim any special instructions at this point. She was just listening to his heart and moved the bell of the stethoscope to various locations on Jim's chest.

"Now take a deep breath and hold it," she commanded. Jim obeyed by taking a deep breath through his open mouth and holding it until she told him to release it.

"Breathe out," she now commanded.

"Once again, deep breath for me," she said. "And release." After moving the bell to yet another location, she repeated the test.

"Once more," she said, "deep breath and hold it." Jim once again complied with her instructions. 

"Now breath normally," she ordered. The heaving of Jim's chest now ceased and his breathing was normal, if not shallow. She continued to press the bell against several other locations on Jim's bare chest.

The nurse now moved behind Jim and to his side as he sat on the exam table and used the stethoscope on several areas of his back.

"Just breathe normally," she ordered. At one point, she placed the instrument on the side of his neck and listened. She then repeated the test on the opposite side.

"I'm just checking your carotid pulses," she volunteered. Putting the stethoscope aside, she now sat on the exam table behind Jim and placed both of her hands on his neck.

"I'm just checking your thyroid now," she said. Once her hands were in place she spoke again. "Swallow please," she ordered. I could see Jim trying to swallow as her grip tightened around his throat.

"One more time please, swallow," she said. Jim repeated the maneuver as ordered. When she completed the examination of Jim's thyroid, she got up from the table and came back to Jim's side.

"Place your hands on top of your head please," she now ordered. Jim complied by raising both of his arms and placing the palms of his hands flat on top of his head. The nurse now used two fingers of her right hand to press deeply under Jim's right arm, presumably checking his lymph nodes. After a short moment, she moved to Jim's left side and performed the same exam under his left arm.

"Lie back please," she ordered. As she spoke, she pulled out a metal extension from the foot of the exam table. Jim immediately took a position flat on his back. Moving back to Jim's right side, she once again used her stethoscope on Jim's chest.

"Just breath normally," she said. She placed the bell of the instrument on the upper part of Jim's chest. After a few brief seconds, she moved the location of the bell slightly and listened again. She repeated this maneuver several times, each time moving to a different location on his chest.

Seeing Jim in this position was actually quite entertaining. His legs were parted so that his feet were almost at the left and right edges of the exam table. The soles of his bare feet were facing me, and I could see that his arms were placed flat on the exam table on either side of his body. Jim was still wearing his briefs, and I was enjoying the view of the tightly wrapped mound of white material between his legs. His balls were indistinguishable in their wrapping, meaning that I couldn't tell that there were two separate testicles. From my vantage point, it simply looked like a single mound of flesh held tightly by his briefs. His penis, however, was another matter entirely. I could clearly see the outline of his circumcised head straining against the front of his briefs. He was clearly pointing down and toward me, but it looked like his penis was stretching the front of his briefs, straining to break free from its bounds. Jim was clearly becoming aroused. And so was I.

I now returned to watching the nurse. She was still using the stethoscope, but was now moving lower and lower on Jim's body, listening to different areas of his abdomen. She now set the stethoscope aside and began to palpate Jim's abdomen using both of her hands. To do this, she placed her left hand flat against his skin, then used several fingers of her right hand in a hammering motion to strike her left hand. She repeated this examination several times, each time moving to a slightly different location. She also thumped Jim's abdomen several times directly using just her right hand. She now used both hands to press deeply into his abdomen, applying firm pressure in order to feel his internal organs. She repeated this exam on the other side of his lower abdomen. She once again retrieved her stethoscope and began to place the instrument in her ears.

"I have just a couple more pulses to check," she said.

She now placed the bell of the instrument on Jim's right ankle and listened. After a few seconds, she moved to the left ankle and listened again. Satisfied with those pulses, she moved back to Jim's lower abdomen, placing the bell of the stethoscope right above the waistband of his briefs. But she suddenly stopped and removed the instrument from her ears.

"These are in the way," she abruptly said, "lift up please".

As she spoke, she grasped the waistband of his briefs with both hands and pulled them down his body in one continuous motion. As commanded, Jim lifted his hips as the material was pulled down to uncover him. She pulled his briefs down to his knees and stopped there, leaving his legs bound by his briefs and immovable.

"There, much better," she said. She now placed the stethoscope back into her ears and placed the bell on Jim's uncovered pubic area, this time much lower than before. As she listened to his femoral pulses, I enjoyed the view that I now had of Jim. His genitals were now uncovered and on display to Nurse Goodell, and to me. I could now confirm my earlier suspicions. Jim was partially aroused, since his penis was slightly thicker and longer than his normal flaccid state.

Satisfied that his femoral pulses were satisfactory, Nurse Goodell placed the stethoscope back on the counter and jotted down a few additional notes in Jim's chart. She approached Jim again and, without warning, used both hands to pull his briefs down the remainder of their journey, this time pulling them completely off of his body. With Jim's briefs in hand, she now approached me.

"Here you go," she said with a smile. "He won't be needing these anymore!"

I took the briefs from her and smiled back. From the wide grin on her face, I could tell that she was enjoying herself. Was it a feeling of power over Jim, and me? My mind was spinning with possibilities. Was she flaunting the fact that she just stripped my dear husband in front of me and there was nothing that I could do about it? Was she smiling because she was thinking about the remainder of his exam? Was she thinking about the things that she might do to my nude husband, all while I helplessly watched? Or was she intuitively aware of my excitement in watching Jim's exam? Was my secret that obvious? Did she know how much I was enjoying this? Was this her way of telling me that she understood, and that she was happy to have an audience?

Jim was still laying nude on the exam table. The nurse now approached Jim's right side and began what seemed like a continuation of her abdominal exam. She pushed her fingers deep into Jim's side and asked him to take a deep breath.

"Raise your knees please," she now ordered.

Jim complied by raising both of his knees, providing me with an excellent view between his parted legs. She now repeated her exam, pressing deeply into Jim's right side. She then walked around the exam table and performed the same examination on his left side. In this position, Jim's balls were lifted and hanging freely from his body. His penis was resting on top of them in a graceful curve, still pointing down. The nurse now turned her attention to Jim's raised legs. She began raising, twisting and bending them into different positions. I assumed this was some type of orthopedic examination.

"Sit up please," she commanded as she pushed the leg extension back into the table. Jim quickly obeyed and was now sitting on the edge of the exam table. She now performed a similar type of orthopedic exam on his arms, elbows and shoulders.

"Stand up," she ordered as she walked away from the exam table and toward me.

Jim got up and stood at the foot of the exam table. He made a vain attempt to maintain his dignity by placing his hands over his groin area. In the mean time, Nurse Goodell took a position standing just to my right and turned around to face Jim. At this point, we both had a good view of my dear husband, standing completely nude in front of us.

"Now stand up straight and face me, arms at your side," she ordered. Jim complied and uncovered himself.

"Good, now raise your left leg and balance for me," she ordered. Jim lifted his left leg and balanced himself on his right. She repeated that maneuver with his opposite leg.

"Now walk toward me," she ordered. As she spoke, Jim walked a few steps toward us.

"Now turn around and walk back," she said. He turned around and walked away from us and toward the exam table, providing us with a very nice view of his firm ass.

"Bend over please and touch your toes," she now ordered as she approached him from behind.

"Hold that position please," she added. Jim was now facing away from me and was bent over touching his toes. Needless to say, I had a glorious view before me. The sight of my husband's tight ass as he was bent over in front of me was spectacular. Perhaps this was why I loved to take him from behind with some of my own toys. As I was enjoying the view, Nurse Goodell ran her fingers up and down the entire length of his spine, checking it for any abnormalities.

"Now face me and squat down," she ordered. Jim turned around to face me again and squatted down.

"And now up please," the nurse requested. Jim immediately stood up.

"One more time please, squat down," she ordered, "and this time place your hands on top of your head." Jim got into position one more time, this time finding it more difficult to balance since his hands were on his head.

"I need you to do a duck walk for me," she ordered, "just a few steps is enough, do you understand how?" Jim nodded in the affirmative. He carefully took a few steps toward me, trying not to lose his balance. His knees were spread apart widely, providing the nurse and I with a clear view of everything that he had between his legs. I could clearly see that his genitals were hanging down loosely from his body, his balls suspended by a seemingly small cord of skin.

"Alright," said Nurse Goodell, "that's enough, stand up next to the table for me."

Jim got up from his crouching position and walked a few steps to take a position at the foot of the table. The nurse walked to the counter to retrieve her stethoscope again. Jim was once again facing me, but this time he took a more relaxed stance with his arms comfortably at his sides. I guess he had finally given up trying to maintain some level of modesty.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson," she said as she approached Jim, "this next part of the examination is designed to evaluate your cardiac health." As she was speaking she put the stethoscope in her ears and placed the bell of the instrument on Jim's almost-hairless chest.

"Just breathe normally, please," she said. She stood there listening to his heart for a few seconds, moving the bell of the instrument to several positions on his chest. At that moment, Jim made eye contact with me. He silently shook his head and rolled his eyes. It appeared that he was becoming quite frustrated with this exam. It was quite clear that he couldn't wait for it to end. But I was loving it, and I gave him my best reassuring smile in return. After a few short moments, Nurse Goodell took the stethoscope out of her ears and grabbed Jim's right hand in order to measure his pulse, simultaneously holding his hand and looking at her watch.

After recording the latest results in Jim's chart, the nurse retrieved the wooden stairs that were next to the scale and positioned them in the center of the room. The set of stairs were about three feet wide, and had two stairs, with each one being about eight inches tall, the normal height of stairs. The stairs were positioned in the middle of the room so that the person using them would directly face me. That person was presumably my dear husband Jim.

"Now, Mr. Johnson," said the nurse, "I need you to step up and down on these stairs in order to increase your heart rate." She continued her explanation of the test: "I'll stop you after 45 seconds and check your pulse and listen to your heart again. After that, I'll have you continue for another two minutes and check you again. Do you understand?"

"Yes, I think so," replied Jim.

"Good, then stand over here and let's get started," she said, pointing to the stairs. Jim walked to the other side of the stairs, once again facing me. I readied Jim's briefs that I had been holding, expecting her order to put them back on prior to the exercise. But those instructions were never given. Was she really going to have him exercise in the nude? Of course, the idea of seeing my husband exercise in the nude didn't bother me at all. I was actually getting quite excited at the prospect. But what purpose did it serve? It was beginning to appear that my earlier suspicions might have been correct. This nurse was actually enjoying this exam, perhaps as much as I was.

"Alright then, begin," she ordered as she looked at her watch.

Jim took a first, careful step with his left foot, then immediately stepped up to the top step with his right. He then brought his left foot to the top step and was momentarily standing on the top step. He immediately reversed the sequence and was back on the floor. I watched in amazement as he repeated these movements. His arms gracefully swung forward and backward, naturally synchronized with the movement of his legs. The muscles in his firm legs and thighs rippled with each step that he took. And best of all, he was nude. His genitals were not only on display before me, they were in constant motion. Jim always kept his pubic hair neatly trimmed, so it was quite easy to see everything. His penis gracefully swung from side to side. His low-hanging balls seemed to retract a bit and were now held much closer to his body. But they were still loose, and were gently swinging back and forth with each step. During this time, the nurse was standing at his side, watching him and also glancing at her watch.

"Alright, stop," she ordered.

Jim stood at the bottom of the stairs while she once again checked his pulse and then pressed the stethoscope against his chest. As she was listening, Jim's chest was moving up and down with his breathing. From his chest movements, it was obvious that he was slightly out of breath, but he seemed to recover quickly.

"Good, now continue for two more minutes, a little faster this time," she ordered. Jim once again began his exercise regime.

"Pick up the pace please, faster," she said after a few seconds.

Jim increased his speed even more to comply with her orders. The nurse now walked to my side of the room and stood beside my chair. She looked down at me and smiled. I looked up at her and responded with a warm grin. And then we both turned our attention to my husband, watching the show as my nude husband performed before us. After two short minutes, Nurse Goodell stopped Jim's exercise and once again checked his pulse and listened to his heart. This time, Jim's chest was heaving up and down while he tried to catch his breath. This last two minutes of exercise was obviously much more strenuous than the initial 45 seconds. But Jim recovered quickly and was soon calmly standing at the foot of the wooden stairs.

"Remain standing please," said Nurse Goodell.

As I watched, she walked to the wall next to the door and pressed a red button on the intercom, a button which was now glowing brightly. She then walked to the counter and proceeded to silently make some additional notes in Jim's chart. After a short wait, the red light went out and there was a quiet knock at the door, which was then opened. Jim had his back to the door, but he instinctively positioned his hands over his genitals before turning toward the door to see who it was. It was Nurse Wilson who had done Jim's preliminary workup.

"Mr. Johnson," said Nurse Goodell, "I've asked Nurse Wilson to join us for the remainder of your exam. She's here to assist and to also act as a chaperone. I'm afraid our company policy and our insurance requires it for any invasive procedures."

"But I'm fine without a chaperone," responded Jim, "after all, my wife is here."

"Yes, I understand," responded Nurse Goodell, "but I'm afraid those are the rules. I'm sorry for the inconvenience." Nurse Goodell now turned her attention to Nurse Wilson.

"Caroline, will you please get Mr. Johnson into position for his genital exam?"

"Yes, of course," Nurse Wilson responded. Jim just stood there staring at the two nurses with his hands still tightly clenched over his genitals.

"I need you to stand up on the top step please, Mr. Johnson," said Nurse Wilson. Jim reluctantly mounted the stairs once more, this time stopping on the top step.

"Good, now your legs need to be parted, put them on the yellow marks please," continued the nurse.

Jim looked down and placed his feet on two yellow lines that were painted near the edges of the top step. I never noticed the lines before, and I doubt Jim did either. The lines were almost at the left and right edges of the step, which meant that his feet were now almost three feet apart. Jim was still trying to cover himself with his hands, but that wasn't going to last long.

"Good, now let's just get those hands out of the way. Please raise your arms and place your hands behind your head," commanded Nurse Wilson.

"I don't think so," said Jim.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Johnson, but you really don't have an option. This part of the examination can't be performed properly if the patients hands get in the way, and we've found that this position works best to keep them occupied. So you can either comply or we can end the examination right now."

Jim reluctantly uncovered himself and raised his arms, placing the palms of each hand against the back of his head. Jim was now facing me in a delightfully vulnerable position. He was elevated about 16 inches off the ground, his hands were behind his head, his elbows pointing to either side, his feet were spread widely apart and his penis and testicles were prominently displayed before the three females in the room. I had thoroughly enjoyed his exam up to this point, but I was beginning to think that the best was yet to come.

"He's ready Nurse Goodell," said Nurse Wilson.

I looked over at Nurse Goodell and saw that she was pulling on a pair of exam gloves in preparation for Jim's examination. She now walked to my side of the stairs and faced Jim. Nurse Wilson moved away from the stairs and took a position to my left, but also facing Jim. Nurse Goodell now began her examination by grabbing both of Jim's testicles with her gloved hands. Although she was standing directly in front of Jim, she was slightly to my left, so I still had an excellent view of the exam. She seemed to be weighing and comparing his testicles, lifting and bouncing each of them with the open palm of her hands. Having completed this preliminary examination, she turned her complete attention to Jim's left testicle. She grabbed it more forcefully this time with both hands, pulling it up and away from his body and squeezing it. She pulled the skin of his scrotum tightly around it and methodically ran her fingers over his testicle, looking for any sign of an abnormality. At one point, Jim's body involuntarily jerked in pain.

"Sorry about that," said the nurse, "I'm trying to be gentle."

She continued the palpation of his testicle, this time with somewhat less force than before. Satisfied that she had adequately examined his left testicle, she turned her attention to his right, performing the same type of exam. I looked over at Nurse Wilson and saw that she was intently watching the action from her close vantage point. She didn't seem to mind her chaperone duties in the least.

"When was the last time you ejaculated, Mr. Johnson?" asked Nurse Goodell.

"Um, yesterday morning, I think," Jim responded.

Nurse Goodell simply nodded her head without a verbal response. At the time I wondered why she asked that question. Could she possibly tell when he ejaculated by feeling his testicles?

The nurse now released her grip on Jim's balls and turned her attention to his penis. Jim wasn't completely flaccid anymore, his penis had started to grow in length and thickness. All of this attention to his genitals was definitely having an effect on him. She grasped his circumcised penis with her right hand and lifted it, inspecting all sides. Using her left hand, she gently palpated the length of his shaft. Throughout this procedure, Jim was stoically maintaining his stance, not moving his hands or his feet. He was staring straight ahead, avoiding eye contact with me or the nurses.

"You have a bit of redness here at the base of your penis," said the nurse. "Does this area bother you at all?" Jim looked down to see the area that she was referring to.

"Um, no not really," Jim quickly answered and then hesitated before continuing: "I wear a cock ring sometimes, it's probably from that."

"Oh, I see," replied the nurse, "that would explain it." She continued her questioning: "What kind of material is the ring? Is it metal, leather, rubber or something else?"

"Most of the time I use solid rubber rings but I also have a few metal ones," Jim replied.

"And do you wear these rings only during sex or also at other times?"

"Just for sex," Jim answered.

"Well, that's fine, but I would suggest that you start using some additional lubricant, otherwise this redness may get worse." Jim didn't respond to her advice. Next, the nurse gave his penis a few short tugs and seemed to stretch it away from his body.

"Will you be taking a culture, Nurse Goodell" asked Nurse Wilson. "Yes, please prepare one, Caroline, his insurance requires it," answered Nurse Goodell.

Nurse Wilson now walked over to the counter and prepared for the next part of the exam. She quickly returned with a long stick, which looked like a common cotton swab that you would use to clean your ears. But this one was much longer and I didn't get the impression that they were going to stick it in Jim's ears.

Nurse Goodell was still examining Jim's penis, squeezing the tip and looking into the slit at the end of his penis.

"Have you noticed any discharge, Mr. Johnson?" "No."

"Have you experienced any bleeding directly from your penis or noticed any blood in your urine?" "No" answered Jim.

"Very well. Now, Mr. Johnson," continued Nurse Goodell, "I'm required by your insurance to take a culture from your penis. It's one way we screen for any venereal diseases." Jim looked down at her while she spoke but didn't move his hands or feet.

She continued as she held up the stick: "I'm going to insert this just a short bit into the head of your penis. You might feel some discomfort, but it really shouldn't hurt. But I do need you to stand very still. Do you understand?"

"Yes," answered Jim.

Nurse Goodell now firmly grabbed Jim's penis with her left hand, completely encircling his shaft with her fingers until only the tip was visible. Nurse Wilson now handed her the culture stick, which she carefully pushed into the tip of his penis. Once it was inserted an inch of so, she slowly twisted it before completely removing it.

"There, that wasn't so bad," she said.

She handed the stick to Nurse Wilson who dutifully took it to the counter and replaced its plastic cover. Jim now looked down at me and slowly shook his head. He was not enjoying this. I could tell that he had just about reached the limit of his patience with this exam. He clearly wanted this exam to be over.

"Alright, we need to do one more thing while you're in this position. I'm sure you've been checked for a hernia before, Mr. Johnson."

Jim nodded in the affirmative. "Yes, lots of times."

Nurse Wilson now returned to her position to my left. She apparently didn't want to miss the remainder of the show. Nurse Goodell now stuck two fingers of her right hand into the area above Jim's left testicle. From the look on Jim's face, I could tell that she was pressing very hard.

"Cough please," she ordered. Jim let out a good cough while maintaining his position with his arms behind his head.

"Again," she commanded. Once again, Jim let out a good cough, much louder than the first.

"Now I want you to press down as if you're having a bowel movement," she ordered. I could see the muscles of Jim's abdomen contract as he was trying to tighten them.

"Now the other side," she said as she thrust two fingers of her left hand into the right side of Jim's scrotum. After repeating the coughing tests on Jim's right side, she removed her fingers.

"Alright, you can step down now," she said.

Jim quickly lowered his hands and used the two short steps to reach the ground. His hands once again instinctively covered his genitals in a futile attempt at modesty. I chuckled to myself at how silly that was, especially when you consider that the three females in the room had just spent the last few minutes gazing at his most private parts while they were seemingly on a pedestal for all to see.

After Jim had safely reached the ground, Nurse Wilson pushed the stairs back to their original position against the wall. She didn't pick them up and carry them, she merely shoved them across the floor with her foot. In the mean time, Nurse Goodell made her way to the counter to make additional notes in Jim's chart. On the way there she peeled off the exam gloves.

Nurse Wilson now walked back to the exam table. "Please follow me, Mr. Johnson," she said.

As Jim walked the few steps to the exam table, Nurse Wilson pulled out the built-in step at the foot of the table. The step was previously pulled out only half way, but now she extended it to its full length. Apparently she knew exactly what was next on the agenda and didn't need any instructions from Nurse Goodell. As he walked over to the table, I could see that Jim was now sporting a very nice erection. His penis was no longer gracefully hanging from his body. Erect was now the only way to describe it. It was pointing straight out from his body. Clearly the genital exam had increased Jim's state of arousal. Or was it anticipation of what was to come?

"I need to get you into position for the next part of your exam," Nurse Wilson said to Jim. "The next part involves your rectum," she continued. "So as you might expect, the position isn't the most modest, but we'll try to make you as comfortable as possible."

Upon receipt of the news that his rectum was about to be placed on display, Jim looked at me with a disgusted frown on his face and shook his head. I gave him a big smile in return. Since I enjoy playing with Jim's ass myself, I was looking forward to this part of the exam.

"OK then," continued Nurse Wilson, "please face the exam table and stand on the step."

Jim approached the table and mounted the one and only step at the foot of the table. In doing so, Jim was now facing away from me, preventing me from seeing his genitals. But his tight ass was now front and center and was the complete focus of my attention.

"Feet apart please" said the nurse, "place them all the way to the side edges of the step and point them in slightly." Jim shuffled his feet so that they were right at the edges of the step, which was about two feet wide.

"Good, now bend your knees slightly and rest your upper body on the table," the nurse continued. Jim bent over at his waist and rested his chest flat on the exam table. He used his strong arms to support himself while he lowered his upper torso to the table.

"Pull yourself forward just a bit more," ordered the nurse. Jim used his arms to pull himself further toward the head of the table.

"That's better. Now rest your arms forward, above your head," she said. Jim lifted his arms above his head and rested them at the sides of the table.

I silently congratulated myself since I had the perfect viewing spot for this part of the exam. Jim's upper body was resting on the exam table with his ass raised slightly and his feet apart. This position naturally tightened the skin of his cheeks, helping to separate them slightly. This provided a brief teasing view between his cheeks and into his crack. Jim's ass was about to be violated and I had a ring-side seat for the event. I nervously shifted my position in my seat. I was now wet with anticipation of what was about to occur before me.

"He's ready Nurse Goodell," said Nurse Wilson.

"Thank you, Caroline," said Nurse Goodell in reply.

Nurse Goodell now approached the left side of the exam table carrying a pair of gloves, a tube of lubricant and a hemoccult card. She handed the lubricant and the card to Nurse Wilson and then snapped the gloves onto her hands. Nurse Wilson moved slightly to the right side of the exam table, but was still close enough to view the proceedings and to assist when necessary. Nurse Wilson now reached up and adjusted the light that was mounted on the ceiling above the table. She pulled the arm of the light down so that it was directly above Jim's ass, and then turned it on. The scene was now bathed in bright light. I still had an unobstructed view of Jim's illuminated ass between the two nurses.

"Now Mr. Johnson," said Nurse Goodell, "have you had a rectal exam before?" Jim answered in the affirmative.

"Well, then you should have some idea of how this goes," she continued. "I'm first going to examine your rectum externally, then I'll penetrate you with my finger to get a small stool sample. We'll use that to check for any blood. After that I'll enter you again for the rectal and prostate exam."

When she finished speaking she began her external exam. Using both of her gloved hands, she parted Jim's cheeks and visually inspected the area of skin between them. Next she used her left hand to spread his cheeks apart and ran a finger of her right hand between them.

"No hemorrhoids that I can see. That's good," she said.

As Nurse Goodell was speaking she held out her right hand to Nurse Wilson. This was the signal for Nurse Wilson to squeeze a small amount of lubricant on Nurse Goodell's right index finger. Using her fingers, Nurse Goodell spread the lubricant evenly over the entire length of her index and middle fingers.

"Alright then, Mr. Johnson, you'll feel just a small bit of pressure as I enter you, but it shouldn't hurt." she said.

Nurse Goodell now placed her left hand on Jim's left cheek and her right index finger against Jim's awaiting hole. She gently applied additional pressure to his anus and then backed off, seemingly teasing him. After doing this several times, she was finally ready to enter him. She pressed harder and her lubricated index finger easily slipped into Jim's ass.

"Just breathe normally," she said reassuringly. Her finger was only about half way into him when she suddenly removed it. Nurse Wilson opened the hemoccult card and handed it to Nurse Goodell who carefully smeared a small sample of Jim's stool from her finger onto the card.

Nurse Goodell now spoke to Jim again: "Alright Mr. Johnson, I'm going to do the same thing again, but this time I'll be in there a bit longer for the rectal and prostate exam, so please try to relax."

As she was speaking, Nurse Wilson applied additional lubricant to Nurse Goodell's fingers, doing so very carefully to avoid touching the tube of lubricant to her now-contaminated fingers. Nurse Goodell once again placed her left hand on Jim's left cheek. This time her right middle finger was used to press against his hole and then back off. She repeated this several times. Finally, she pressed harder and penetrated him. This time her middle finger was completely buried in Jim's ass.

"Just try to relax and breathe normally," she said.

She slowly turned her finger 180 degrees clockwise, presumably feeling the sides of Jim's rectum. She now twisted her finger back counter clockwise to its original position and then slowly continued in a counter-clockwise motion. She continued until her finger was now pointing up instead of down and she had been able to feel all sides of his rectum.

"Are you doing alright, Mr. Johnson?" she now asked.

"Yes, I'm OK," said a voice from the exam table.

The nurse now twisted her finger back to its original starting position and began to visibly apply more pressure, as if she was trying to reach deeper into his rectum.

"I'm going to press on your prostate now so you'll feel some pressure as though you have to urinate or ejaculate. That's perfectly normal." she said.

Jim's body involuntarily jerked and he let out what can only be described as a loud grunt. I assumed that she must have reached his prostate. She pressed again and Jim once again exhaled loudly, this time raising his head slightly off of the table.

"Just relax, Mr. Johnson," she said.

As I watched, she pulled her middle finger out about half way and then immediately reentered Jim's ass, this time using both of her lubricated fingers at the same time. With both fingers now stretching his anal sphincter, she was able to penetrate him more deeply than before. She once again pressed on his prostate, this time with both fingers, causing Jim to let out another involuntarily gasp. At this point, Nurse Goodell was completely focused on her work, but I noticed that Nurse Wilson turned to look at me. I suppose she wanted to see if I was watching the show, as was she, and what my reaction was to seeing my husband's ass violated like this. Our eyes briefly met and we exchanged smiles.

Nurse Goodell pressed on Jim's prostate once more time, just for good measure I suppose, and then she removed her fingers. She immediately peeled off both of her exam gloves and disposed of them.

"You can stand up now, Mr. Johnson," she said.

Nurse Wilson moved to the side of the exam table and helped Jim get up from the table. While Jim got up from the table, Nurse Goodell moved to the counter to make a few additional notes in Jim's chart. Jim was now standing on the step of the exam table and facing me. I noticed that the tip of his penis was slightly moist. I didn't see any evidence on the table that he ejaculated, so I assumed that he must have simply leaked a bit due to the prostate exam.

"You can step down, Mr. Johnson," said Nurse Wilson.

Jim immediately stepped down to the floor and stood there at the foot of the exam table, waiting for any final instructions. Jim was still sporting the erection that he had earlier. It didn't seem any larger, or smaller, just the same. It appeared that his exam was now over. At least Jim thought it was over based on the look of relief on his face. But I had my doubts. It just didn't feel over. Why didn't they give him something to clean himself? After all, his ass was now dripping with lubricant. And why the long pause while Nurse Goodell wrote in his chart? Why was Nurse Wilson still here? Wasn't her job done? No, I wasn't convinced that it was over.

After a few more seconds, Jim spoke up. "Can I get dressed now?" he asked.

"No, I'm sorry, not just yet," came the quick answer from Nurse Goodell. "We still have a few things to cover," she continued. When she finished writing in his chart, she spoke again, this time addressing Nurse Wilson directly -- not Jim.

"Caroline," she said, "go ahead and give Mr. Johnson one or two Fleets. When he's all cleaned out I'll return and do his proctoscopy."

"Yes, of course Nurse Goodell," answered Nurse Wilson.

Jim appeared shocked that his exam wasn't over, and confused because he didn't understand what was about to happen to him. I had never heard of a proctoscopy before, but I knew that a Fleet was a type of enema. So I had a pretty good idea what was in store for dear old Jim. Jim now spoke up.

"I don't understand I thought we were done," he said, "What else do you need to do?"

"Well, Mr. Johnson," replied Nurse Goodell, "I'm going to use an instrument called a proctoscope to visually inspect your anal cavity and rectum. This isn't a routine part of every insurance physical that we perform, but it has been specifically requested by your company." Jim's face turned white with fear as he began to understand what was about to happen to him.

Nurse Goodell continued: "Nurse Wilson will make sure you're all cleaned out first so that I can accurately perform the exam." The two nurses stared at Jim while he looked down at the floor.

"Do you understand, Mr. Johnson?" asked Nurse Goodell.

"Yes, I do," answered Jim.

"Good, then carry on Caroline and let me know when he's ready." Nurse Goodell picked up Jim's chart, walked to the door and left.

Nurse Wilson now addressed Jim. "I know you weren't expecting this and I am truly sorry," she said. "As I tried to make clear earlier, your exam today is quite comprehensive."

"Let's just get on with it," replied Jim.

"I need you back up on the table please, this time lying on your left side," she said.

While Jim mounted the table again, Nurse Wilson opened the cabinets above the counter and retrieved the supplies she would need. She also pulled exam gloves on both of her hands. As Jim was getting into position, she approached the table with a tube of lubricant and a Fleet enema that was already uncapped . Jim was on his left side with his back toward her.

"Now raise your right knee up to your chest please," she ordered.

Jim pulled his top leg up to his chest, once again pulling the skin of his cheeks tight and preparing his ass hole for penetration. The nurse squeezed a generous amount of lubricant onto two fingers of her right hand. She smeared some of the lubricant along the tip of the plastic enema bottle. She worked the rest of the lubricant between her fingers to ensure that they were completely covered.

"Breathe normally," she said as her lubricated middle finger approached Jim's anus. She ran her index finger along the outside of his hole, covering it with lubricant. She seemed to be stroking the outside of his hole with her finger. Next, she pressed against his hole with her middle finger until it easily slid all the way in. She now twisted her finger a bit to make sure that everything was nicely coated with lubricant before removing her finger.

"Alright, here we go, Mr. Johnson, just try to relax," she said.

She now placed the tip of the enema bottle against his anus and penetrated him with it. Jim let out a slight gasp of air as the tip of the bottle entered him. Once the entire nozzle of the bottle was firmly inserted, she began to squeeze it using slow and even pressure.

"You should start to feel the fluid entering now," she said.

"Yes, I feel it," Jim replied. It only took a minute or so for her to empty the entire enema bottle into Jim. When it was empty, she removed it from Jim's ass and disposed of it.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson," she said, "You need to stay in that position for about 5 minutes to let the enema work on you. I'll be back in just a few minutes. Please hold all of the solution until I get back." With that, she removed her gloves and left the room.

I took the opportunity to get up from my chair and try to comfort Jim.

"Are you alright dear?" I asked.

"Sure, I'm OK I guess. I'm just really sick and tired of this exam. It just goes on and on," he said. "How much more can they possibly do to me?" he added.

"I don't know dear, I wasn't expecting this much either," I replied. "But you're doing great, and I'm really enjoying this," I said.

"Well good," he said, "at least someone is."

As the minutes slowly passed, I could tell that Jim was becoming very uncomfortable. The solution was starting to work on him and he was beginning to experience some cramping.

"I really need to go soon," he said.

"Just hold it for a bit more dear," I said, "I'm sure the nurse will be back any time now."

Standing over Jim, it was easy to see that he still had his erection, perhaps even slightly bigger. Wanting to take his mind off of his current situation, I gently took his cock in my hands and started to stroke him. 

"Not now Mandy," was all he said. I removed my hands and went back to my chair. A few minutes more passed when the door finally opened and Nurse Wilson entered.

"How are you doing, Mr. Johnson, can you feel the fluid working on you?" she asked.

"I sure can," Jim replied, "I need to go right now."

"Great then," she replied, "go ahead and expel all of that."

The nurse helped Jim as he got up from the exam table. He quickly made his way to the toilet at the far end of the exam room and sat down. He immediately expelled the fluid in an explosive burst of pressure. This was followed by several more squirts of fluid. While Jim was on the toilet, the nurse and I both watched Jim from a distance, trying to give him some small amount of privacy.

"Try to expel all of the fluid," the nurse said.

After a few minutes of expelling the enema, Jim wiped himself using some toilet paper and stood up. His erection was now almost gone.

"Let's see how you look now," said the nurse, "please get back on the table, on your left side again." Jim once again mounted the table and assumed the now-familiar position on his left side.

"Pull your knee up again please," the nurse ordered. As she approached him, she pulled on another pair of exam gloves.

"Let's see if you're clean enough now," she said. She lubricated the middle finger of her right hand and plunged it deep into Jim's hole without any warning. No sound was heard from Jim this time, perhaps he was finally getting used to all of these assaults on his ass hole. She twisted her finger 180 degrees clockwise and then reversed direction to examine the other side of his rectum. After this brief exam, she removed her finger and examined her glove, apparently looking for signs of feces.

"Well, you're definitely cleaner than before," said the nurse, "but I think Nurse Goodell would prefer you to be just a bit cleaner. So I'm going to give you one more enema."

"You're kidding, I really don't need another one," moaned Jim.

"I'm afraid so since we need you to be very clean for this exam," replied the nurse.

Without removing her gloves, Nurse Wilson retrieve another Fleet enema from the cabinet and removed the plastic cover. She once again applied lubricant to the tip and used her fingers to spread it evenly down the entire length of the nozzle.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson, you know the drill, just relax and it will all be over soon," she said.

As she spoke, she pulled Jim's cheeks apart and slowly and carefully inserted the tip of the bottle into his anus. Once the tip was in, she quickly inserted the remainder of the nozzle and started to squeeze the bottle. Jim was much quieter this time, but I did hear him let out an audible moan a couple of times. After a minute or so, all of the fluid was dispensed and the nurse removed the enema bottle. The nurse disposed of the empty bottle and removed her gloves.

"OK, stay in that position and I'll be back in another 5 minutes," she said as she left the room.

Jim laid on the exam table motionless. I didn't try to converse with him at all. It was obvious that he wasn't in the mood to talk. I did watch him with mixed emotions. I felt sorry for him. Sorry that he had to go through all of this. But I had other feelings as well. I was entertained, excited, amazed, and most of all aroused. I expected to be highly entertained watching his exam. But I wasn't prepared for my high state of arousal. Watching his exam, even uncomfortable parts like this enema, was highly erotic to me. It made me appreciate my dear husband and want him even more. I couldn't wait to get home and thank him in a most intimate way.

Nurse Wilson returned to the room after a short wait of about 5 minutes.

"Doing OK, Mr. Johnson?" she asked.

"Yes," was the one word answer from Jim.

"Alright then, let me help you up so you can expel that," she said.

She walked to Jim's side and helped him up from the table. Jim sat down on the toilet and once again expelled the fluid. While Jim was on the toilet, the nurse walked to the panel next to the door and pressed a white button which stayed lit. My guess was that this was the signal for Nurse Goodell to return. Nurse Wilson now walked to the counter and retrieved an item from the cabinet, obviously preparing for the next phase in Jim's exam. I could see that the item was metal and was sealed in a plastic bag. Perhaps it was sterilized after its last use. She opened the bag and placed the instrument on the counter. Jim was now finished on the toilet, had wiped himself off and was walking toward the nurse.

"Is that what she's going to use on me?" he asked as he saw the instrument laying on the counter. Nurse Wilson quickly covered the instrument with a paper towel as she answered.

"Yes, that's right, but Nurse Goodell will explain everything to you. Please have a seat on the table."

Still completely nude, Jim mounted the table and sat down facing me. His legs were spread apart slightly, giving me a nice view of everything that he had between them. His penis was now completely limp and was comfortably resting atop his loose balls. Our eyes met briefly and I give him my best reassuring grin. He half-heartedly smiled back. He seemed relieved that he survived the enemas, but also a bit worried, not knowing exactly what was about to happen. After a short wait, there was a quiet knock on the door and Nurse Goodell entered.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson, I assume you're all cleaned out and ready to go," she said.

"Oh yeah, I'm all clean now," Jim replied in a sarcastic tone.

"Let me explain this next part of the exam," the nurse said as she approached the counter and picked up the instrument. "This is a proctoscope and it allows me to visually inspect the last six inches or so of your rectum and anal cavity."

As she was speaking, she held the instrument out so that Jim could inspect it. It consisted of a shiny metal tube that was about five or six inches long and about one inch thick. She was holding the instrument using a metal handle that was connected to one of the ends . There was also a red plunger that was attached to a small hose at the end of the instrument.

Nurse Goodell now continued her explanation to Jim: "After thoroughly lubricating the scope, I'll slowly insert it into your rectum, at which point I'll remove this middle piece, called an obturator, and perform the visual inspection."

She now unlocked and removed the inner portion of the instrument and showed Jim that it was now basically a hollow tube. A shiny, cold, hollow metal tube that she was about to shove up his ass.

"During the process I'll also pump in some air since that helps to expand your anal cavity to allow better viewing," she added. "Any questions?"

Jim just sat there staring at the instrument without making a sound. He obviously wasn't happy about having something like that shoved up his ass. But of course, I couldn't wait to see it happen.

"Alright then, Caroline please get Mr. Johnson ready and I'll prepare the scope," said Nurse Goodell.

"Sure thing," answered Nurse Wilson. "Mr. Johnson," she continued, "I need you on the table on your hands and knees."

Jim stood up from his seated position and mounted the table with his back toward me. Once on the table, he got on his knees and then bent over to support his upper body with his arms.

"That's just about right," said the nurse, "just part your legs." Jim shuffled his legs further apart, moving his knees toward the edges of the exam table.

"That's better," said the nurse, "now lower your upper body and rest your head on the table. Just rest your arms at your sides."

Jim lowered his head to the table, further accentuating the fact that his ass and only his ass was the focus of this examination. It was now prominently positioned for my viewing pleasure and for the nurses assault. With his legs parted, his testicles and penis were also on display as they gracefully hung down between his widely parted legs.

While Nurse Wilson was preparing Jim, Nurse Goodell was busy preparing the scope. After pulling on a pair of exam gloves, she applied a generous amount of lubricant, using her fingers to spread it evenly over the entire length of the metal shaft. Now that Jim was in position, Nurse Wilson repositioned the spot light above the exam table so that it was once again properly aimed at the business end of the exam. She then turned it on and bathed Jim's pale white ass in bright light.

Nurse Wilson now put on a pair of exam gloves and took the scope as it was handed to her by Nurse Goodell. After adding additional lubricant to her fingers, she approached Jim.

"Now, Mr. Johnson," she said, "I'm first going to make sure you're fully lubricated before I attempt to insert the scope."

As she spoke she placed her left hand on Jim's left cheek and pressed the middle finger of her right hand against his waiting hole. She applied pressure and her finger easily slipped into his ass. After twisting and turning her finger to spread the lubricant, she slipped a second finger in. She once again twisted and turned her fingers, evenly spreading the lubricant. After a few seconds, she slipped a third finger into his ass. This time she appeared to be stretching his anal sphincter, preparing it to receive the cold metal object. After a minute or so, she removed all of her fingers from Jim's rectum. Nurse Goodell wiped the excess lubricant from her fingers with a paper towel and then retrieved the scope from Nurse Wilson.

"OK, here we go, Mr. Johnson, you'll feel some pressure and stretching, but this shouldn't cause any severe pain," she said to Jim.

Jim didn't acknowledge her comments at all and was completely silent. The nurse brought the end of the scope up to his anus and began to apply gentle pressure. She first pushed just the tip of the device into his ass, inserting it maybe a half inch. Once his sphincter relaxed enough to receive it, she slowly pushed further, now inserting the device a full inch into his rectum. She continued to apply gentle and consistent pressure as the scope slipped further into Jim. She seemed to be taking her time, it took more than a full minute for her to bury the scope deep into Jim's rectum.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson, that's as far as it goes, how are you doing?" she asked.

"Fine" was heard as the reply from the far end of the exam table.

"Good, then I'll just have a look and we'll get this out of you as quickly as possible."

Using the handle, Nurse Goodell now turned the scope 180 degrees. She then turned the obturator to unlock it and carefully removed it from the middle of the scope. She turned on the light on her otoscope and used it to look through the void in the middle of the scope -- directly into Jim's rectum. While she was viewing the inside of his rectum, she used the hand pump on the scope to add air. After a minute or so of viewing, she carefully replaced the obturator in the middle of the scope. Using the handle, she turned the scope 90 degrees clockwise and repeated the exam, removing the middle part of the scope, viewing, pumping air, etc. She repeated this maneuver two more times, each time turning the scope about 90 degrees before performing her visual inspection.

After awhile I lost interest in her exam and began to focus on Jim. In particular, I was interested to see if her examination was having any affect on Jim's state of arousal. It was. It was quite obvious that his penis was becoming hard. It was still hanging straight down between his parted legs, but was now much longer and thicker than it was before. He wasn't fully erect, but he was obviously stimulated by this exam. His testicles were still loosely hanging from his body. How I wished that I could grab them right now, but I couldn't. That would have to wait until later.

Nurse Goodell now began to ever so slowly remove the scope. Before doing so, she removed the obturator one last time, leaving the middle of the scope open for viewing while it was being removed. She looked through the middle of the scope as she slowly backed it out of Jim's body. After another minute or so, it was fully removed and handed to Nurse Wilson's waiting hands for cleanup.

"Alright, Mr. Johnson, your proctoscopy is done," said Nurse Goodell. Jim immediately raised his head from the table and started to get up before the nurse stopped him.

"No, don't get up yet, we have a few additional things to cover before you're completely done," she said.

Jim obviously thought that the proctoscopy was the icing on the cake. He wasn't happy to hear that there was still more to this exam. He was now kneeling on the table waiting for the nurse's next command.

"I'm afraid that your insurance forms also require us to extract a sample of your prostatic fluid," said Nurse Goodell. "We'll check it to determine if you have any kind of bacterial infection."

Upon hearing this news, Nurse Wilson retrieved a culture dish from the cabinet and took a position on the right side of the exam table.

She now ordered Jim into the required position: "Just stay on your knees as you were before, Mr. Johnson, but support your body with your arms," she said. Jim bent over again, this time supporting himself with his arms instead of resting his head on the table.

"Feet wide apart please, all the way to the edge of the table," she added.

Nurse Goodell now approached Jim's ass once again and addressed him: "I am sorry about this, Mr. Johnson, I should have obtained this sample during your initial rectal exam, but I'm afraid I didn't notice that it was required. I am truly sorry to put you through this again."

"Let's just get on with it," Jim growled.

"Yes, of course, Mr. Johnson. To extract the sample, I will massage your prostate and Caroline will catch the fluid as it is expelled from your penis," said Nurse Goodell.

When she finished speaking, she nodded to Nurse Wilson, signaling that the exam was about to begin. From her position on the right side of the exam table, Nurse Wilson grabbed Jim's penis with her left hand. She positioned the tip over the culture dish that she was holding in her right hand. You would think that Jim's ass had been lubricated enough by now, but out of habit, Nurse Goodell added some more lubricant to her gloved fingers. She then plunged one finger, then two deep into Jim's ass. She wasn't twisting or turning her fingers in any way, she was simply pushing. Pushing on a single spot, Jim's prostate. She continued to push on this one spot, slowing increasing the pressure.

"Now, you may feel the urge to ejaculate, Mr. Johnson, but try not to since we only want the prostatic fluid right now," she said.

I wondered what she meant by "right now". Did she really mean that they would also need a sperm sample later? As she was pushing, Jim let out a painful grunt.

"I'm sorry Mr. Johnson, some men find this pleasurable, but I'm told that it can sometimes be painful," she said. Looking at Jim, it was a little bit of both. Based on the size and firmness of his penis in Nurse Wilson's hand, he was deriving some pleasure from the procedure. After about one or two minutes of pushing, Jim grunted several times and Nurse Wilson spoke up.

"He just produced some fluid, Nurse Goodell," she said, "I think it should be enough."

Nurse Goodell immediately stopped pushing and removed her fingers from Jim's ass. Nurse Wilson released her grip on Jim's penis and immediately took the culture dish containing the fluid to the counter and covered it up.

"Please remain in this position, Mr. Johnson," said Nurse Goodell, "we have one more procedure to perform."

I could see the full extent of Jim's arousal now that the nurse was no longer holding his penis. It was once again hanging down between his legs and was quite thick and firm. A very nice erection indeed.

"Go ahead and get a beaker ready, Caroline, we'll need it for his sperm sample," said Nurse Goodell.

"Sperm sample?" said Jim, "what are you talking about?"

"Once again, I am very sorry that you weren't expecting this, Mr. Johnson," answered Nurse Goodell. "But your insurance forms very clearly require a sample of your ejaculate. And as is the case with all samples that we collect, it must be an observed sample."

Her words hung in the air for a few seconds while we all made sense of what was about to happen. Not only was my dear husband about to be forced to ejaculate, he must do so while we all watch.

"You've got to be kidding," Jim replied.

"As I said, I am truly sorry that you weren't expecting this," said the nurse. "But this is a required part of your particular insurance exam. It is the final procedure, but we can't complete your exam without it." Throughout this conversation, Jim was still on the exam table on his hands and knees and facing away from us.

"Alright," sighed Jim, "what do you want me to do?"

"Well, Mr. Johnson," replied Nurse Goodell, "to be honest, you have the easy part. You really just have to relax and become aroused enough to ejaculate when you're ready. Nurse Wilson and I will take care of everything else." Jim must have liked the idea of two nurses jacking him off since he didn't protest again. I almost stood up and volunteered to help, but I decided to quietly watch the show instead.

Nurse Wilson once again moved to Jim's right side, carrying a clear glass beaker. Taking Jim's semi-erect cock in her gloved hand, she applied some lubricant to the entire length of his shaft. Once the lubricant was applied, she started stroking him with her left hand. She held the beaker under the tip of his penis using her right hand.

Nurse Goodell now spoke to Jim: "Now, Mr. Johnson, I need you hold back as long as possible. That will ensure that we get a good sample. Just let it build up a bit and let us know when you're about to ejaculate, OK?" Jim nodded in agreement.

Nurse Wilson continued to pump her hand up and down Jim's shaft. I could see that he was now fully hard in her hand. From between his legs, I noticed that his balls were no longer hanging as low as they were before. They had pulled up higher, but were still well defined as two separate spheres in his scrotum.

A few minutes passed and the nurse was still working on Jim's shaft. He was still fully hard, but it didn't look like he was getting at all close to ejaculating. I think the nurses expected Jim to shoot his load very quickly, especially after the exam that he had just endured. But they didn't know my husband. They didn't realize that he was just getting started and could go like this for a long time. They clearly needed to add additional stimulation if they wanted to speed this along.

After another minute or so, Nurse Goodell realized just that, that more stimulation was needed. Standing behind Jim, she reached between his parted legs and grabbed his balls using both of her gloved hands. She started by gently rubbing them, then quickly moved on to squeezing and lifting them. Ah, now she's getting the idea, I thought to myself. After another minute or so, Nurse Goodell ramped up the stimulation even more. She applied more lubricant to the fingers of her right hand and pressed them against his anal sphincter. She didn't enter him, she merely teased him with the pressure from her fingers. During this time her left hand continued to rub and massage both of his balls. After a bit more teasing with her fingers, she slid one finger all the way in. She immediately started pumping her finger in and out of his hole. She wasn't performing any type of examination this time and she wasn't pressing on his prostate. She was simply plunging her finger in and out of his ass in a steady rhythm. Jim let out an audible grunt. He was clearly enjoying all of this attention. As she continued to finger fuck him, Jim began to rock back and forth on the table, moving his hips backward in an opposite motion to her finger. As she thrust forward, he pushed back. He wanted more and she sensed this. She now slipped a second finger into his ass and continued to pump in and out in an ever increasing rhythm. She grabbed his balls much tighter now, squeezing them as if she was milking a cow. Nurse Wilson continued stroking his cock, increasing her speed as she sensed that he was getting close. 

Jim said one word: "Almost."

In just a few more seconds, he shot his first load of sticky hot ejaculate into the beaker. This was followed by another burst of fluid, and another, as Nurses Wilson and Goodell continued to work on him until there was no more.

Nurse Wilson took the beaker to the counter and sealed it in preparation for analysis. Meanwhile, Nurse Goodell retrieved several moist towelettes and used them to clean the excess lubricant from Jim's ass. She then moved to his right side and used another one to clean his penis. Having completed its work, his penis was no longer hard. It was still rather long and thick, but was quickly deflating.

"You can have a seat on the table now," she said to Jim.

Jim quickly got out of the hands and knees position that he had been in and sat on the edge of the exam table. I could see that his face was red and his chest was wet with sweat. Our eyes met and I mouthed the words: "I love you" to him. He smiled in return. He seemed genuinely relaxed now, knowing that his exam was finally over.

"Good luck, Mr. Johnson, and take care," said Nurse Wilson as she left the room carrying the latest samples.

"Well, that does finally complete your exam, Mr. Johnson," said Nurse Goodell as she washed her hands in the sink. "I realize this was much more involved than you originally expected, but I do want to thank you for your cooperation."

"You're welcome," replied Jim.

The nurse continued: "Once we have your labs back, I'll send all of your paperwork to your insurance company." She walked toward the door and opened it, but had one final comment before leaving: "There will be some forms waiting for you to sign at the front desk. But please, take as much time as you need. The room is yours for as long as you like. I can assure you that you won't be disturbed." The nurse gave Jim a quick wink and a smile and then left.

I got up from my chair as the nurse was leaving. I approach my husband who was still sitting on the edge of the exam table, still totally nude.

"So Mandy, did you enjoy that?" he asked with a big smile on his face.

"Oh, I most certainly did," I replied as I stepped closer to him.

I placed my arms around his shoulders, leaned in and gave him a deep, passionate kiss. I moved in closer until I was standing right at the foot of the exam table. I pushed his knees apart so I could get closer, allowing his legs to straddle my body and providing me with access to what was between them. I moved both of my hands between his open legs. I grabbed his balls with my left hand and firmly wrapped the fingers of my right hand around the shaft of his cock. I began to fondled his balls and stroke his cock. It didn't take long before he was hard again.

"Lay back baby," I said to him.

I temporarily released my grip on him as I helped him to lay back on the exam table. I then helped him to raise his knees and place his feet flat on the edge of the table. I thought about pulling out the stirrups but decided against it. This was good enough. I once again took a position between his parted legs and resumed working on his cock and balls with my hands. After a minute or so, I leaned over him and began to gently kiss and lick the tip of his cock. My right hand then moved down to the base of his cock, allowing me to take his firm manhood more deeply into my open mouth.

"Oh Mandy, that's so good," he moaned in pleasure.

I didn't stop to respond. I continued to take him as deeply as I could in my mouth and to work my tongue over the entire length of his thick shaft. My left hand now released its grip on his balls as I slipped my index finger deep into his ass hole. My ungloved finger slipped in easily due to all of the lubricant that had already been applied. I began to work my finger in and out of his ass in perfect rhythm with my head, which was now bobbing up and down on his cock. I slipped another finger into his ass and my pace quickened. My lips pressed harder on his tight skin as I rode his cock with my mouth. I felt his hands on the sides and back of my head, guiding me up and down the entire length of his shaft. His pelvis began to thrust upward in rhythm with my movements, thrusting his cock deeper into my mouth each time my head came down on him. He was almost there. I could tell. And when he finally did come, I knew that I would enjoy it almost as much as he did.