New Government Male Laws Ch. 01
bystorydreamer©

PROLOGUE

This story takes place in a future world where Radical Feminist politicians have stunningly taken control of all levels of US government. The Progressive Party had not only captured the Presidency with the first female President, but also the Senate and the Congress. More women had been elected than ever before and in fact, there were more women in Congress than men in the Progressive Party. The Justice Department had filed criminal charges against conservative Supreme Court Justices forcing them to resign, with remaining Judges being told to fall into line or be accused of misconduct also. Feminists were appointed to replace them and the Court enacted new laws effectively subjugating all single males 18 years old and over. A Male Czar had been appointed to implement and enforce new laws which were designed to neutralize the male physic and mentality and to bring them under feminine control. Alicia Savo became the first Male Czar.

Chapter One

Alicia Savo smiled as she addressed the press conference. "To answer your questions, let me assure you that the new laws will only apply to those males of 18 years or older who are either not in full time education, married, handicapped, engaged in law enforcement, lawyers, firemen or are government employees, the new law will also exempt those males who are connected to the US Courts system.

"The President and the legislature have been besieged by Governors and Mayors from across this country urging help in stamping out the crime wave that has disrupted our orderly society. Acting on advice from psychiatrists, psychologists and Feminism Now, these new laws have been developed. The first years will be the hardest for the males now affected by the new laws, whilst those who are still in school, and under the age of consent, will learn to adapt to the law through mandatory classes to be attended by all males and females every year they are in school. Children growing up with these laws in place will be able to join society with much less anxiety than those being forced to comply at this time.

"Thank you, no more questions please," Alicia said as she and her staff walked back into the Justice Department building. Outside, the television reporters were answering questions from their anchors back at the stations. The press conference was carried live across the nation and watched in homes and schools everywhere. Teachers were guiding students through the Male Law Pamphlet which outlined the new laws governing males to take effect imminently. They had been enacted 45 days ago and were to go into effect tomorrow on Saturday. It was Friday afternoon and there were mixed feelings on the new laws. Boys were scared of what they were soon to be facing, especially the seniors and those who were now 18 years old but exempt because they were still in school. Those that would graduate in a couple of months and not enrolled in college for the coming year would be forced to give up their clothes and be exposed naked for all to see.

Countless single males throughout the country have, for the past 3 months been marrying to avoid being forced to obey the naked laws. Women across the land have found themselves being pursued by males, begging them to marry. The balance of power had slowly shifted and now women found themselves in total control.

Married women who till now had been treated as second class citizens now found their husbands treating them not as equals, but as the power behind the marriage. Women were now making the major decisions for the family; husbands being threatened with divorce, were now on their knees asking their wives for another chance or even forgiveness.

Males everywhere realized that they were in an uncharted minefield. The word of a female against that of a male would be automatically taken. Men understood that a woman could lie and have them punished and women too realized that they indeed would lie to have males punished.

Women everywhere began to realize that they had been handed the keys to the vault. It was talked about in women's clubs, over the backyard fence, on the bus, at the office water cooler and at school. If you were female, you felt an empowerment like never before. No matter your physical strength or stature, you suddenly became a force to be feared by males. The more they read of the laws governing males, the more they knew that their lives were to become exciting and interesting like never before. The countdown to Saturday morning was the focus of the female population.

All households had been sent the official pamphlet governing the behaviour of single males in the United States. Parents of affected young males or those approaching the age of 18 were on edge as they studied the pamphlets and warned their sons how they must act. Most parents had not wanted the enactment of such a law but they had no vote to oppose it. The feminists had risen to power under the guise of restoring sanity and civility to the country and once their hidden agenda had surfaced, the people found an avalanche of obstacles barring them from dissent. Almost every day, new laws were passed which solidified the Progressive Party's hold on government. Social Security was strengthened by removing those citizens from the rolls who had a net worth of $200,000 or more. Homosexuality was legalized and gay people were allowed to join together in a civil union as a couple. More laws kept coming at the people who though unhappy with the new administration, obeyed them without question, as they had always been taught.

Demonstrations protesting against the newly passed laws had been ruthlessly put down by the government. It was argued that most violence and crimes were committed by single males, young and old, who were without a family to feed and protect and that marriage would change them into law abiding citizens and would force them to become productive citizens. Those males who rejected marriage would still be a problem, but troublesome single males would stand out and be easier to control if they were naked.

Permitted clothing for single males would be shoes and socks only, when the temperature was above 70 degrees. A jacket or coat would be allowed when the temperature was lower. In freezing weather, a single male would be forced indoors. No hats or caps would be allowed in order to permit easier identification.

The new laws were also expected to stop the loitering on street corners of groups and gangs of young toughs. Single males were forbidden to assemble in groups of more than 2 at a time during unsanctioned events. Much of the determination whether they were breaking the law or not would be entirely up to the law enforcement officers. However a complaint from a female of any age, or even a clothed married male would carry the same weight as if it were from law enforcement and punishment could be swift and very painful. Resisting punishment could result in incarceration which was guaranteed to be an unforgettably bad experience.

"Miss Savo, Congressman Danner is here to see you," a voice over the intercom announced.

"Send him in Sarah," Alicia replied, "And hold my calls please," she said, flipping the intercom switch.

She was nervous but excited, this was the first test of her authority. President Nancy Palosi had coached her on the way to handle freshmen congressmen and had given her FBI background on all male congressmen and senators. Her computer was hooked into the FBI database and information on all males was being assembled for use against them as the need arose.

Congressman Paul Danner had fought President Palosi at every turn and even though he was a freshman congressman, having assumed office in January, his voice had caused much controversy in the press. He had argued against the high handed sexist way in which the Progressive Party was consolidating power and ignoring the Constitution of the United States. He had been warned to shut up by even his close associates but he had not understood the power that was building up against him.

Paul felt alone and vulnerable as he reluctantly entered Czar Savo's office. He had been asked to come to the Male Czar's office and though not wanting to, he had been advised not to make an enemy of Savo. So here he was standing in front of one of the most powerful women in government.

"Thank you for coming congressman," Alicia Savo said as she stood behind her desk.

"It is a pleasure to finally meet you Miss Savo," Danner said reaching out his hand to her.

With a withering look at him and ignoring his attempt to shake her hand, she sat down behind her desk. "I have a title, congressman, and you may address me as Czar Savo until I tell you different. Is that understood?"

Embarrassed and speechless at such a condescending reception, he slowly lowered his hand. "Yes Czar Savo, I apologize, I meant no disrespect," he said, sitting down in one of the leather chairs.

Alicia eyed him intently, causing him to squirm and blush. "I would also appreciate it if you did not assume that just because I'm a woman, you can just walk into my office and sit down as if you owned the place."

Danner quickly rose from the chair and apologized again. He now had a queasy feeling in his stomach and his bowels. This was not going well and he wanted to run away from this very attractive woman who he now realized held power over even U.S. Congressmen.

Savo wanted to smile over her handling of the young man. He had been elected to the Congress winning the seat in West Virginia barely beating out Lara Wilson. Lara Wilson was a personal friend of President Pelosi who now thought enough time had elapsed since he took office that he should be silenced and brought under their influence. It was evident to Alicia that Pelosi had a score to settle with Congressman Danner and that her job was to destroy his masculinity and confidence.

"Danner, I've received quite a dossier about you covering your life from around the age of 14 years old. Let's see, you're now 33 years of age. My first question to you is, what is a U.S. Congressman doing entering an adult entertainment store and buying pornography?" she leaned back in her chair and looked him in the eye.

Paul Danner paled visibly and began to feel faint. "Miss, I mean Czar Savo, that's a lie, I haven't done that."

"Danner, I can bring in a stenographer and others and put you on oath, or we can do this privately off the record here in my office. Would you like to go on public record or off the record? It's up to you. You can leave right now without defending yourself or admitting to these charges, but I'm afraid this will be made available to the press as well as other more embarrassing information regarding your predilection to certain sexual fantasies," Alicia said calmly.

Paul Danner crumbled, he felt close to passing out. It wasn't something as horrible as she was making it out to be, it was just some porn books and magazines. What did she expect? He was single and actually too busy to date much, because of his running for election and then trying to get up to speed on how the Congress worked and then all the meetings.

"Czar Savo," he began, "I bought some literature at a book store. It was legal and no big deal. I don't do that much and I got rid of it almost immediately. Please don't make something out of nothing."

"Paul, may I call you Paul?" she continued without waiting for him to reply. "I am aware that what you did was legal, however, I wonder what the people in your district would think of their congressman buying sex books about homosexuals, bondage and discipline, and books about female dominance and male submission. What would your poor mother think of her only child with a predisposition for sex videos? One can only imagine your masturbation habits."

Congressman Paul Danner was falling apart. What he had been told about this woman and the power she possessed was overwhelming him. He had run for office to fight the kind of government takeover that was taking place. His experiences in life had not prepared him for the ruthlessness of this woman. He wanted to run, but there was no place he could run to or hide. She could ruin him and his reputation with innuendo. His secret of using masturbation and fantasy was borne out of natural need for sexual release

"Please Czar Savo, Miss Savo, please don't make this public. I'll stop my dissent of the President's policies. There won't be any need to ruin me publicly," Paul said softly, head down.

President Palosi's instructions to Alicia Savo did not permit her to allow the Congressman to escape with his dignity. In fact, her instructions had been to take his manhood from him as a gift to her friend Lara Wilson. Lara Wilson had asked the President to emasculate the son of a bitch for her. Czar Savo had no grudge against the young man in front of her, but she was feeling the power and superiority over a man and although she knew this power was coming to all females, this was actually happening in front of her and she found herself aroused. The two security cameras were running capturing Congressman Danner's demise.

"Paul, I want you do something for me," Alicia said.

"Anything, Czar Savo, I will do it," Paul said quickly, seeing a possible reprieve.

"You do this and I will not expose your dirty little secrets" she said looking at him. "If you can't do it, or refuse to do it, say nothing, just leave my office and I'll release the story to the press."

"Yes Czar Savo, I will do it. Thank you," Danner said.

"I want you to take all your clothes off. I want to see you bare ass naked standing in front of me. You have 15 seconds or get the hell out of my office," Alicia said looking at her watch, "Starting right NOW."

Shocked, Paul was frozen until he saw her watching at her watch. "Miss Savo, I'm a Congressman, I can't do something like that. Please," he pleaded.

"Well thank you for coming in. Good bye," Alicia said curtly.

"What are you going to do Czar Savo?"

"I told you I was going to release the story to the press. Oh, and there's another story about an underage girl you were accused of fondling when you were in college. I know the charges were dropped, but still," she raised an eyebrow.

Paul knew what she was talking about. The little girl had mistaken his reach out to stop her from falling and accused him of touching her improperly. It was a mistake, but now on top of the other stories, it would come back to haunt him again.

Resigned to his fate, he began undressing. His face was beet red and he looked away from Alicia Savo as he took his clothes off. He turned his back to her as he at last slid his boxer shorts down; she admired his firm tight buttocks and smiled to herself. As he turned to face her he covered his privates with his hands and stood in an embarrassed silence.

"Paul," she started out, deliberately disrespecting his congressional title, "I waited three days for you to answer my request for you to visit me at my office. You will be punished for that. But for now, I want to watch you masturbate in front of me. I know you know how. Now do it like you normally would."

She watched as he took his penis in his hand and slowly began manipulating it. It was still flaccid which didn't surprise her as she knew he was scared to death. Alicia was sure the President would make a present of the video to Lara Wilson. Congressman Danner had been effectively silenced. Still, he needed to surrender his manhood.

Alicia walked around the desk behind Paul Danner. She let her fingers trail over his back and drop down to his ass. She wiggled them into his crack a little before withdrawing them and walking around to his front. Her little move had brought Paul's cock to a full erection. She looked him in the eye and he looked away. "Look at me boy," she said and as he turned, she took his cock in her hand and squeezed it.

The exhilaration she felt at being able to have a male, standing submissively before her, afraid of her power, was the most wonderful feeling of her life. She knew what they had been planning for several years, but to actually have the males of this country in such a weakened position was amazing. Her hand slid down to his testicles and grasped them firmly.

"Masturbate for me congressman," she said, smiling at him as she rolled his nuts around in her hand. She remembered how in the early feminist meetings the planning was being laid out. Feminist speakers railed against current laws and spoke about a new age coming where women could take over the government and change the laws. That women would control first the government, then the courts and then change the laws. It had almost seemed like a wishful fantasy back then, but here she was holding the balls of a United States Congressman while he masturbated. She let go and whispered to him, telling him to cum into his hand. She watched his face change his body tensed and in seconds his breathing announced he was cumming. He was looking down at his cock as the tip erupted with hot white cum and he pumped his hot seed into his hand.

She knew in her heart that this scene would be repeated thousands and thousands of times by men. She saw now how easy it was to turn men into submissives simply by changing laws and physically enforcing.

Finished, Danner stood there foolishly holding his softening dripping cock with one hand and a handful of hot thick cum in his other.

Alicia dipped a finger into his cum and brought it to his lips. He opened them and she pushed her finger inside his mouth. "Use your tongue to clean it off," she said and then repeating the move again, she talked to him quietly.

"You will keep your mouth shut about the President's policies from now on. When we want you to say something, we'll tell you what to say and if you're smart, you'll be very obedient. You may be a congressman, but you're a male too. If you get thrown out of congress, you'll have to give up your precious clothes and be naked like all the other single males, so make sure you obey. Tomorrow morning, I want you to call Lara Wilson. She will be expecting your call. You will apologize for the things you said during your election race. You will be obedient to her and do whatever she says. Now go ahead and lick your nasty cum out of your hand and get dressed. The next time I call you, you come running right quick. Do you understand?" she asked.

Paul Danner nodded and lifting his hand to his face, he began licking up the thick creamy cum. Alicia sat down at her desk again and watched him for a moment before picking up the phone and making a call. "Madam President, Congressman Danner asked me to let you know he will be proud to be on your team and if there is anything you want him to do, just call him."

New Government Male Laws Ch. 02
bystorydreamer©

Friday evening Alicia Savo entered the lobby of the Sheraton Hotel and proceeded to the large meeting room. It was 7:30pm and the hall was packed with women. It was a victory party of sorts for the women of Femdom Now. Handing her coat to check girl, she entered and made her way to the speaker's area and hugged and kissed several of the ladies who welcomed her. She could feel the unbridled excitement and joy that enveloped the meeting room. As the crowd was urged to take their seats, the noise died down and soon everyone's attention was drawn to the speaker's platform. The doors to the hallways were closed and the lady at the microphone welcomed them and introduced the Femdom Now public relations director, Karen Sharp who received a standing ovation.

"Ladies and Ladies," she started with a wide smile that drew applause and laughter.

"Over 10 years ago, when we embarked on this mission to change the face of this country, there were several of us, who really did not believe it could be accomplished. I had my doubts as well, but I, like all of you, worked every day towards that common goal that we so wanted to be real. Today, we control the Progressive Party. There are more women in Congress than men, we have almost as many women in the Senate as men, and in two years there will be more women in the Senate than men."

Another standing ovation was given to Ms. Sharp before she could continue.

"Tomorrow will be a new day in the history of the United States. The world we knew, compliments of the males of this country, starting tomorrow IS NO MORE."

Another ovation interrupted her speech. Women on stage and those in the audience hugged and gave each other high fives.

"It is my great honour to introduce to you, your Femdom Now President, LYDIA FOX." More applause swept the meeting as Lydia Fox waved to the audience before stepping to the microphone and asked for quiet.

"Ladies, girls, friends, I am so proud to stand here before you at this new beginning for our great country. The males of this country are about to feel what it is like to be the weaker sex."

Applause erupted but stopped as Ms. Fox asked for quiet.

"I say weaker sex, because we women now have control of this country's laws and the laws of this country have given us control over the males of this country. In a few hours, at the stroke of midnight, you will be able to look a male in the eye and see the uncertain fear he is feeling. It will be up to you to determine how he should feel. We all know good and decent males who will not have a problem being subservient to us. As long as they continue to know their place, they will be treated fairly. Those males who attempt to fight the order of life, will have to suffer for their resistance. They must learn, and it will be your duty to teach them. You must rise to the occasion and not be afraid to discipline those who defy us." A cheer rose from the audience and Ms. Fox raised her hand for silence before continuing.

"I know there will be excesses. There are many of us women who have been abused by males. Deep seated psychological scars will come to the surface and there will be some of us who seek revenge and retribution. The laws have been tilted in our favour to allow for women to sort things out. Law enforcement has been made aware that the law must come down hard on the males of this country, and on the side of females. You've read the new laws, if a male looks at you wrong, or gropes you, or leers at you then call a policeman and he will be charged and punished. You may be allowed to administer the punishment to him. Your word will not be questioned. Males know this and I'm sure will they learn to become submissive. Some males will have to be sent to prison, depending upon their crime. Women everywhere will have to learn the extent of their power and will have to learn the fine art of arm twisting; some of us will use threats and lies to get a male to submit," there was complete silence in the hall as she continued.

"It is no secret that Femdom Now embraces lesbianism as an acceptable alternative to heterosexuality. Protection for lesbianism has been written into the laws. We now have three lesbians sitting on the Supreme Court. Gay males have also been afforded protection and we have enlisted them as allies to our cause. Securing their support for our cause was a no brainer due to the fact so many men cannot think further than the end of their penises. Gay males already understand that they must be subservient to all females and we will use them to further our ideology. While homosexuality has been legalized, it will still be looked upon with disdain and derision. Gay men will not be permitted to marry even though marriage between females will be legalized next month. I might add that a bill is being prepared which will allow married lesbian couples the right to bring a submissive male into their union as a subordinate to his mistresses. His rights will be minimal and at the discretion of those in authority over him. He may not leave the arrangement without their permission but he can be dismissed by proper writ." Ms. Fox smiled and clapped along with the throng of women standing and applauding even after being asked to hold their applause.

"President Palosi has established and funded nationwide county assistance for females who need help controlling their males. All females, young and old, may call or visit their county prosecutor to level charges or obtain help to punish any male, including husbands, who have offended them in some way. Your word is all that is needed for the charge to be valid. Try to understand that you as a female do not need witnesses or proof that a male has offended you. I now want to introduce you to this country's FIRST MALE CZAR, ALICIA SAVO."

After the audience stood and applauded for what seemed like 5 minutes and Alicia hugged and kissed those who stood on the platform with her, the crowd took their seats as she addressed them.

"Thank you so much for that tremendous welcome. My name is Alicia Savo. I am the U.S. Male Czar. It is my responsibility to enforce the male laws in this country. Tomorrow morning, you will see males like you have never seen them before. Single males will appear in public, naked for the entire world to see. They will be embarrassed, shy and humiliated. Females, young and old will laugh at them; clothed males will to some extent do the same. It is a fact that most of the single males have been frantically searching for a woman that will marry them quickly. They now know that women want something more than to be an excuse for them to wear clothes. We women still want to be courted and romanced and treated now, not as an equal, but as their superior. We not only want it, but we demand it. Husbands and prospective husbands must prove their worth to their wives and girlfriends. They can prove that, through their complete submission, their loyalty and hard work for their families."

The audience was going wild with celebration. Alicia waited for quiet.

"Every citizen has been issued the Male Obedience Handbook. It lists the laws designed to help you combat sexism in the workplace, the public and private areas. The harassment you've suffered in the past is over. Now, a male will know better than to whistle or make a lewd comment to you. Just the fact a naked male looks at you and is sporting an erection is now considered sexual harassment and you can either administer punishment yourself or refer it to the local county prosecutor."

Waiting for thunderous applause to die down, Alicia was awed by the enthusiasm of the women members of the group. She thought for a moment of the tsunami wave of feminine power that was being unleashed upon males. The courts would be busy establishing women's control over the males. She too would be busy with implementing the laws.

"Ladies, we have enforcement officers here tonight to answer your questions. We will break up into small groups. There are stations around the perimeter of the room where you may have your questions answered. Femdom Now needs your support. Our association exists for your benefit and needs your dollars to keep pushing our cause. All women should be members of Femdom Now and also voting members of the Progressive Party. Talk to your neighbours, family and friends and invite them to join. There is strength in numbers and together, we can make sure that males will never again be in control. Thank you."

The Femdom Now Rally was covered live by the mainstream media, and other cable outlets. Millions of Americans sat in front of their television sets. The average male could only accept what had been coming for months. They had no power and nowhere to go for help. The government had been taken over first by the liberals and then they had been absorbed by the Feminists in the government. Little by little, the different branches of the government had been infiltrated and taken over through 'Pie in the Sky' promises, voter fraud and bribery. The joining together of the leftist leaning liberals, feminists, African Americans, Hispanics, lesbians and homosexuals, joined by millions of average women and even clueless males, had swung the vote and elected the most radical administration in the history of the United States. Now, there was only hell to pay.

In the gay capital of the world, San Francisco, and in cities across the country, it was a different story. At midnight, thousands of single gay men shed their clothes and walked out into the streets singing 'Gay is Great, Gay is Great'. More than a few married men took their clothes off too and joined them. Sexual acts were being performed in public. The police were overwhelmed and turned a blind eye to the unfolding debauchery. Women, young and old came out to watch the parades of naked gay men. Other straight single men hid in their homes worried about tomorrow and the future.

In Wichita, Kansas, Donna Watkins and her girlfriend Debra, both 18, called the special phone number set up to report violations of the new male laws. Tom Wallace, 21, was working in the Quick Trip and would be on duty until 6am. He was a single boy, known to the two girls and had refused their order to strip off his clothes and conform to the law. In seconds, a city police officer pulled into the store parking lot.

Arguing that he was working, he was informed by the police officer that he would have to get naked or go to jail. Embarrassed, he took his clothes off and stood in front of the two girls, his hands in front of his genitals. Reluctantly he removed his hands uncovering his penis at the request of the girls and the officer, and he was informed that the girls could punish him immediately if they so desired. With pleading eyes, he begged them not to punish him. The girls just laughed saying they just wanted to test the law to see if it were really true.

"If I catch you wearing clothes at work again or even outside, I'll have to give you a spanking boy," she said, and both girls walked out of the door laughing.

"Take everything out of your pockets son. Because you violated the law, I'm required to confiscate all clothes you were wearing at the time of the violation," the officer said. "The next time you wear clothes outside your house you'll be spanked in public."

Glancing down at the young man's penis, the officer added, "You're getting semi hard now boy. You better watch it. If another woman comes in here and you're hard, she can report you too."

Wearing just tennis shoes, Tom handed his clothes over to the officer and hurried behind the counter, lamenting the fact that the counter was not high enough to conceal his genitals from the customers.

Tom watched in fear as another car pulled up in front of the shop. An older guy in a suit and tie entered the store. He smiled broadly as he saw the young naked boy at the register. He asked for $5.00 in lottery tickets and leered at the boy's semi hard cock. "You better hope a woman doesn't come in with your cock like that boy," he laughed. As the boy handed the tickets on to the counter, the man reached over and took hold of his cock, causing the boy to jump back and yell. "Get used to it kid, It's a new world out there now," he said, picking up his tickets and leaving.

Tom was now scared but somehow excited too. He was naked under bright lights and lots of windows through which people could see him. His cock was now more than semi hard and he was afraid that girls would be coming in. Making a quick decision, he bolted for the men's room and quickly began masturbating furiously. It took him no time at all before he shot his hot thick cum across the floor and his cock started to soften.

Feeling ready to be once more in public, he wiped the last drips of cum from his cock, walked back to the front of the store and began working again. He realized he would have to masturbate often to keep his cock from getting hard while he was working or in public.

All across the United States, the police were swamped with calls from women complaining that unmarried single males over 18 were violating the law by remaining clothed. Some males were at their workplace, others were at grocery stores, restaurants and bars. The police were forced to check each call out and enforce the new laws, much to the humiliation of males and to the joy of women. They knew the law was finally on their side and that no longer were men to be feared or even respected.

Most at risk men fled to their homes before the deadline and awaited the new day with dread. Married men suddenly became very helpful and loving to their wives. Women with husbands quickly noticed the fear in their husband's eyes and began using their new bargaining chip to their advantage. Most marriages seem be become more secure and those where there was an honest loving relationship saw no change, but the men knew that the balance of power had certainly changed hands and they were no longer the true head of their household.

Millions of women young and old were anxious for the weekend to arrive so they could see the boys who were over 18 and single with no clothes on. Teenage girls were the most excited. It would be fun times for them, they joked that if a boy liked you, it'd sure be easy to know now.

Alicia Savo, Lydia Fox and Karen Sharp entered the Sheraton lounge and were escorted to a table by a sweet young lad. Immediately, the Maitre D' arrived with menus and a complimentary bottle of the hotel's finest wine.

Lydia looked at the handsome middle aged Maitre D' and asked him pointedly, "Are you married Sir?"

"Yes Miss, happily for many years," he said with a jovial smile, flattered that the attractive woman had been so bold to ask.

"And what about the young boy who seated us?" she asked.

"No, he's single and just 22 years old Miss," he replied, uncomfortable at the middle aged woman asking.

"What school does he attend, If I may ask?" Lydia continued, looking absently at the menu.

"He doesn't go to school Miss, as far as I know. He works here full time," he added.

Laying the menu down, she looked directly into his eyes.

"As of almost an hour ago, The law directs that all single males over the age of 18, not going to school, must be naked at all times when they are out in the public eye. I believe my eyes told me he was wearing clothes."

Laying her cell phone upon the table, she said, "Please have the young man return to our table minus his clothes or should I just call the police and have them come here so I can prefer charges against both him and his employer? Are you aware of the fine the owner of this restaurant would be subject to?"

Sweating profusely, the Maitre D' excused himself, hurriedly disappeared into the kitchen area.

Lydia smiled and then winked at her dinner friends, "What's the use of having all this power over males if we don't use it."

After about 10 minutes, the young man wearing only a tiny pair of men's briefs emerged from the kitchen and came to their table. "I'm sorry for the delay ladies, may I take your order," he said with obvious embarrassment.

"My first order is take off those silly panties you're wearing and give them to me. You should know the law, you've been warned about it for weeks," Lydia said as she held out her hand waiting.

Looking around at the Maitre D' who was watching from a distance the young man slowly slipped the briefs down to the floor and stepped out of them. He bent down feeling very exposed as he did so, picked up the briefs and handed them to Lydia who dropped them on the table.

"Come closer boy," she said

The young man edged nervously closer, he was scared, and as Lydia reached out and grabbing his penis he let out a whimper. She pulled him next to her. "You have a soft cock, are you afraid boy?" she asked.

"Yyy yes Maam," the boy stuttered "Please let me go," he begged starting to tremble with fear.

"I'm not a Maam, I'm a Miss. You may call me Miss Lydia. Can you say Miss Lydia, boy?" Her hand moved down and cupped his balls which she rolled around with her fingers.

Alicia and Karen were enjoying the show and marvelled how the older woman had succeeded in intimidating the youngster. They were seeing another example of the new power a woman held over males. The boy doubtlessly knew his place in the new world in which he found himself, he was scared to death, but due to Lydia's gentle massaging, he was now sporting a decent 7" hard cock.

"What is your name boy?" Lydia asked

"William Miss, my name is William," he said.

"Well, William, when are you done working tonight?" she asked, looking into his eyes and gripping his balls slightly tighter.

"I'm off work in two hours Miss," William replied.

"Well William, when you get off work in two hours, I expect you to take the elevator up to the 7th floor and knock on room 715. If you want to continue working here, you will do as I instruct you. Do you understand me William when I remind you that you will still be naked?" Lydia said, smiling.

"Yes Miss Lydia, I will come to room 715 as soon as I am done working," William said, glancing at the other two women who were sitting there openly admiring his naked body.

"Good boy, now go fetch a bottle of your finest champagne," she said, giving his balls another gentle squeeze. The girls watched his cute little tight ass as he quickly headed for the kitchen.
