Schooling the Stepford Husband
byjane marwood©

Foreword

This is not a story that will suit many of you. I therefore urge you not to read it, unless you are one of the very few people in the world who enjoy the extreme humiliation of young men at the hands of women. This story, along with others I have written, has no redeeming features for the uninitiated. So I beg you, don't read it. Don't vote and don't comment.

I have had comments that my stories are placed in the wrong category, but there is not a category for female domination (or Femdom as it is sometimes referred to.) All of my stories (apart from one) are in this genre. They are repetitious and will bore you to tears if you are not of a like mind... and few are.

There are some fine writers on this site, that are very much in the mainstream. I enjoy their work. So I recommend that you do the same.

Part One

Peter was in shock. He had never known or experienced such humiliation in all his young life. Peter was eighteen years old, and had up until now, led a happy and reasonably unhindered life. The death of his father and the subsequent insurance payout had allowed his mother to do something she had always wanted for her young son... to send him somewhere that would give him that certain finish and polish.

His mother had searched everywhere without being successful. There were many finishing schools for girls, surely she thought, there must be something for boys too.

Had she known then, the consequences of her subsequent choice - and exactly what her young son was to experience, she might have changed her mind.

"Stand still boy until I tell you otherwise." The voice of the young female prefect echoed across the courtyard. Her voice was clipped and well modulated and had the ring of someone who was used to wielding authority, although she was yet to turn nineteen years of age.

Peter shivered as he stood to attention, his face colouring to a profuse and deep shade of crimson. His young cheeks were burning as the pretty young prefect positioned him and three other naked boys into a square formation in the middle of the school's large courtyard.

Two of the boys, each standing side by side at a distance of exactly two arms-lengths apart, had been made to stand facing the two other boys at a distance of two arms lengths. A vaulting horse had been placed on the stone cobbling of the yard, the leather covered padding of its surface showing the results of constant use. The legs of the vaulting horse had been shortened many years ago, to enable young men to be bent over it with their legs spread apart and their heads and shoulders hanging down over the other side, ready for their punishment.

Duty monitors, had placed a metal cabinet by the side of the vaulting horse. It stood on four sturdy rubber wheels and contained two drawers at the top with a cupboard underneath. The surface of the cabinet was encased in a heavy lid, which had been provided with two handles. The handles not only facilitated the lifting of the lid, but also provided a convenient grip for steering and accurately manoeuvring the heavy medical cabinet; although it had seen as much use as the vaulting horse, the mirror like surface of the electroplated nickel silver, shone so brightly in the sunlight that Peter was unable to look directly at it.

Hilary looked at her young charges, their naked bodies thrilling her as she walked between them. Their bodies displayed not a single hair, apart from that which grew on their heads. Nonchalantly she lifted the long cane she held in her hand and turned to a slim blonde haired boy who was standing opposite Peter. She lifted the cane further so that the tip of the slim bamboo was touching the underside of his flaccid penis, raising it up and away from his body.

"Well, Gerald my boy, you know what Miss Trent will do with this once you have been caned, don't you? Does it not make you feel ashamed, to be made to ejaculate in front of all the girls?" She moved forward and lowering her cane, took hold of the young boy's flaccid penis. She squeezed the soft pale flesh between her slender fingers, before pushing the foreskin back until it would stretch no further.

"Keep still." Her hand moved steadily backwards and forwards until she felt the flesh harden and begin to throb. The boy's slim body shivered and shook with embarrassment and humiliation as well as with his sexual arousal, as she casually stimulated him to a full but involuntary erection.

Suddenly, she let go of his stiffened flesh, watching the plump column bob up and down as it stood out rigidly from his body. She cupped her hand and brought it up between his legs, closing her fingers delicately around his testicles as her palm touched his scrotum. She heard him gasp at the sensual contact as she fondled the soft orbs within the tightened scrotal sac.

It was not by accident that Hilary had been able to make the boy erect so quickly. She, like all the young prefects, had been taught thoroughly how to handle the genitalia of young boys. At the age of eighteen she was an expert, not only in the physical handling of all of the young men in her charge, but also in verbal humiliation.

She was one of twelve prefects who had all been chosen because of their aptitude and... in the experienced view of Miss Marchbank, the vital ingredient... their stunning beauty.

Miss Marchbank had long since discovered the extra control a pretty girl could exert over young men. The school had seventy-two female pupils and only six boys. The boys' ages ranged from eighteen to twenty-one years old, whereas the girls, who also started at eighteen, were allowed to stay on until they decided to marry. The imbalance in male to female pupil numbers was entirely deliberate and was part of a long established tradition at the expensive and exclusive finishing school.

Hilary was dressed in her school uniform of white shirt and tie and pleated navy blue tunic, which was worn very short. The tunic was beautifully tailored to a length well above mid-thigh, showing most of her long and lightly tanned legs. Her blonde hair was drawn back, amplifying the exquisite definition of her young features. Her face was lightly made up, which accented the beautiful cobalt blue of her eyes and the perfection of her finely shaped lips. She was well aware of the effect her looks had on the young boys at the school and used her beauty at every opportunity to cause them the maximum of embarrassment.

"Argggghhh." The boy gasped as she deliberately let her fingernails score over the underside of his scrotum, making him shiver and shake. She looked into his blushing face, noting the anguish in his eyes as she toyed with his body.

Abruptly she let him go and walked to stand by the caning horse.

"Right all of you... Quickly now, hands on your heads and legs spread at shoulder width."

She watched as the naked boys struggled to obey. Although they all obeyed promptly she moved behind the boy standing next to Gerald and casually delivered a crisp stroke of the cane to his bared bottom.

"sssssSSSSSSS". He hissed, as he struggled to maintain his position. She reached around his waist and took hold of his penis, aware that the two boys opposite could not take their eyes off her slender fingers as she casually handled his timid flesh. They watched her every move, perhaps fearing that they themselves would soon be subjected to the same treatment. To her delight she noticed that their penises did not seem quite so flaccid as she pulled the boy's foreskin back and exposed him fully to the stares of the other boys. She moved her fingers from side to side, making his captured penis slap against his hips as she forced him to a full and reluctant erection.

"I really don't understand why you boys can't control yourselves better." She chided the unfortunate boy, as she slapped his erect member with the tips of her fingers. "Now all of you stand straight and arch your backs, you already know that Miss Trent will have no hesitation in adding to your punishment."

Hilary could feel the boy shiver as she let go of his penis and placed her hand gently on his hip before slowly moving her delicate fingers over his goose-pimpled flesh and around to his buttocks. She let her fingertips slide between the deep crevice of his bottom cheeks, feeling him flinch and gasp in anguish as she explored the soft contours of his flesh.

She was interested in the new boy, but had decided to observe his reactions as she demonstrated her power over the other boys. She could see that he was already shivering with anguish and embarrassment, but was delighted to see that his penis, which was much larger than that of the others, was already beginning to stiffen.

She felt sure that this involuntary erection was perhaps causing him the most distress. With a light slap on the boy's buttocks she moved away from him and moved to stand in front of Peter. He blushed immediately as he was confronted by the close proximity of the startlingly pretty young prefect. He looked down at the floor, the humiliation almost too much for his timid nature as Hilary stood in front of him and raised his chin with her slender fingers so that he could not avoid looking into her eyes.

"Well, what have we here? A new boy... Peter isn't it? Well Peter welcome to Rochville! So tell me young man... what have you managed to do in such a short time to deserve punishment mmmm?

The young boy started to stammer and shake as she held his head up so that she could look into his eyes. "Well, I am waiting for an answer."

"I d'don't know miss. The nurse told me to go out and join the others... I mean these boys here!"

"Well I can tell you, young man, that unless you learn to obey the rules, you will be attending quite a few of these little punishment sessions." Although she was dying to handle the pale plump flesh of his penis and testicles, she resisted the temptation; instead she moved to stand in front of the fourth boy. She looked down at his penis in a leisurely fashion, watching his eyes follow hers, before she nonchalantly took his penis delicately between her finger and thumb.

She was not surprised to feel the turgid flesh pulse with the sudden intimate contact. She did not move her fingers; instead she held the flesh lightly as she looked into his eyes. Her pretty face was only inches from his as she spoke to him.

"It seems Ian, that you have lost control of yourself already. Why is your penis stiff, come along, I want an explanation?"

The boy blushed profusely, his cheeks turning bright red as he stammered a reply. "I am sorry miss, I d'don't know why."

Hilary smiled at his discomfort, feeling his penis stiffen between her fingers as she moved forward slightly so that the material of her short pleated tunic could rub across the very tip of his erect member.

She felt him shudder as she swayed her hips gently. She closed her fingers over his flesh and grasped his penis firmly so that he could not escape the acute sensation. Once more she let the material brush against the sensitive opening of his erect penis, this time he shuddered uncontrollably, trying to force his hips back to escape her torment. To his dismay she held him firmly and looked into his eyes. "Stand still young man, I won't have disobedience."

Once again she swayed her hips, making him shiver and gasp in anguish at the acute, almost torturous, stimulation to the very tip of his penis. At last she let go of him and stood back, smiling with satisfaction as she observed his erect penis was now bobbing up and down as it pulsed with sexual arousal.

She returned to her original position by the vaulting horse and apprised the pale bodies of the four naked young boys. Three of the boys she had handled were displaying erect and throbbing penises, which stood outwards and upwards from their bodies. She noted that the new boy's penis was already larger than the others and, although not fully erect, was engorged and hanging down heavily between his legs. She also noted that his eyes were glistening with the trauma of his embarrassment.

Hilary was aware that his earlier experiences of the hurried induction that morning would have been a severe cultural shock to him. She examined his body leisurely, noting his beautiful slender physique and his extreme good looks. She knew that he would, over the next two years, probably be the centre of attention for her and her fellow prefects as well as for most of the all-female teaching staff employed at Rochville. His physique and handsome face was unusually perfect, even for the high physical standards that Miss Marchbank insisted upon before admitting any boy to the finishing school.

Peter felt a tear run down his cheek. His embarrassment was such that he could hardly see. His ears were ringing with shame as he contemplated his fate.



It had been very early that morning that his mother had delivered him to the school. The headmistress, the surprisingly young and quite beautiful Miss Marchbank, had greeted them both. Peter had already attended the school three weeks ago for one day, so that he could sit an entrance exam and undergo a school medical.

The medical exam had embarrassed him so much that he had been very guarded in his answers when his mother had asked him how well he thought the exam had gone. The beautiful young female doctor that had conducted his intimate and thorough examination had unnerved him to such an extent that he had spent the rest of the day with a blushing red face.

His mother had been somewhat relieved when at last a letter came to inform her that Peter had been accepted into the Rochville Preparatory School and Academy. It was a further relief to her when she read that Peter would be allowed to start straight away, even though the new term had already started. She had made Peter dress smartly in his existing college uniform and had driven him, and his suitcase packed with the school's list of requirements, to Rochville. She felt a huge sense of relief that her plans for her son Peter had gone so smoothly.

It had been a rather wishful impulse that had made her apply to Rochville. Mary Hart had never had the money to raise herself to the standards of which she aspired. Although she had enjoyed a comfortable life style; her late husband earning a substantial salary in middle management, she had always wistfully observed the lives of the quietly wealthy Boston society. She would constantly read, in the rather reserved magazines that catered to the wealthy Bostonians, of the balls and galas that that society enjoyed.

It had been in one of these magazines that she had read of the marriage of the daughter of a well-known and extremely wealthy family. What had taken her eye amongst the glittering description of the wedding - was the fact that both the bride and groom had attended the Rochville Academy.

On impulse she had applied to Rochville, not even knowing the fees that the Academy required for their tutelage. Fortunately for her, she had enclosed a photograph of Peter along with her letter. It was a complete surprise to her that she had been invited to bring the boy for an initial interview and an even greater surprise when she had learned that the fees were entirely within her means.

Mrs. Hart had been so delighted when her son's acceptance letter came, that she had had no thoughts that perhaps the fees were rather low for such an auspicious foundation.

The speed at which Miss Marchbank had investigated every aspect of the lives of Mary Hart and her son Peter, would have surprised even the most astute detective agency. Within three days she knew every detail of the family income, their medical history, including that of the late husband and father. She had even obtained a complete psychological profile of Peter Hart. Miss Marchbank had been delighted with the results of her research and had decided that Peter would indeed be a most suitable boy for her purposes. The boy's school medical had confirmed her opinion that the boy was quite unusually good looking and that his character was one that would be suitable for shaping to her needs – or rather the needs of her girls.

She had tailored her fees exactly to that of Mrs. Hart's income so that there would be no hardship incurred in paying them. She had also decided that if Mrs. Hart decided to marry in the near future, she would offer an Academy scholarship so that the new husband would see the benefit in keeping the boy at Rochville.

Mrs Hart, although concerned that her son Peter would be happy at his new school, was already anxious to start her new life as a single mother. She fully intended to marry again and although she loved her son dearly, she realised that she would have complete freedom to socialise while he was away at boarding school.

On arrival they had been given tea in the beautiful sitting room of the Headmistress. Miss Marchbank had talked with Peter's mother for over an hour about the benefits of the school and the certainty that Peter would easily achieve the required grades in the new subjects he would be given.

Peter had sat on one of the beautifully upholstered armchairs, aware that soon he would be left alone in a completely new environment. After a while Miss Marchbank stood up and brought the meeting to a close. It was with further assurances by her, that 'Peter will love here it here at Rochville', that Peter's mother had announced that she would be more than delighted to leave the boy in the excellent care of the school. She had kissed him goodbye, noting the tear in his eye as she turned to leave.

It had only been a few moments after his mother had departed, that the extremely young and capable school matron had arrived and taken him to the medical centre where his abrupt and complete humiliation and embarrassment had commenced. The Matron was slim and attractive and had made him blush as she took hold of his hand and led him through the maze of corridors to the examination rooms.

The Medical centre was large and well equipped and Peter had stood in awe of the array of equipment as well as the two pretty school nurses who had been preparing the examination table. He had stood quietly looking down at his feet when suddenly the Matron had turned to him and casually told him to strip until he was naked. He had flushed a deep shade of red as he fumbled with his clothing, divesting himself of his blazer, shirt and socks and shoes. He had hesitated as he got down to his underpants, only to have one of the nurses kneel in front of him and casually hook her slender fingers delicately into the waistband of his shorts and pull them down to his ankles.

It had been one humiliation after another as they laid him face upwards upon the table and without preamble raised his legs so that his knees were almost pressed against his chest. Deftly and swiftly the nurses had prised his bottom cheeks apart. Matron had casually slipped a lubricated finger up through his sphincter and into his anus, nonchalantly she let first one finger, and then, with a quick thrust another, roam about inside him. He had gasped and cried out in alarm as the enema nozzle had been gently but firmly inserted inside his bottom, only to cry out again with embarrassment as one of the pretty nurses had casually taken hold of his penis and then cupped her other hand around his testicles, before lifting his captured genitalia upwards from between his legs.

His face had been one long flush of shame as they had made him expel into a bowl, before diligently repeating the procedure three times. He had shivered in embarrassment as they lifted his legs and begun to shave his genitals. Their hands were everywhere as they parted his buttocks and moved his penis and testicles this way and that until he was completely denuded of hair, not only between his legs and buttocks and around his pubis, but also underneath his arms.

The deft and well-practised humiliation had continued... he had shivered uncontrollably as they had made him stand in a large metal bath while they washed him. The matron as well as the two nurses had bathed him intimately and thoroughly; Matron's delicate fingers had penetrated his anus and retracted his foreskin, allowing one of the nurses to slide her fingers over the exposed rim of his penis. He had felt utterly ashamed and belittled as they left him with his penis fully erect while they fetched towels to dry him. The final humiliation had come as he was made to stand with his legs stretched wide apart and his hands on his head as Matron casually examined him from head to toe.

Peter had stood as instructed, his mind in a haze of utter embarrassment. The nurse and the Matron had ignored him as they tidied the examination room. He had been left to stand there for perhaps ten minutes when to his horror, the door had opened and a young schoolgirl had entered. She had shown no surprise at his naked body or his erect penis so lewdly on display, as he stood with his back arched and his feet astride with his hands clasped firmly to his head.

Instead she had carefully looked him up and down before handing matron the note she was carrying. She could have been no more than eighteen years of age - and yet none of the nursing staff showed any surprise as she stood in front of the naked and trembling youth, blatantly examining his erect penis and plump testicles.

Her deep blue eyes almost mesmerised Peter, as he stood rooted to the spot in horror at the indignity of the situation. The girl seemed unconcerned at his embarrassment; instead she tossed her beautifully groomed ash blonde hair to the side and continued with her leisurely inspection of his naked form.

The matron had not hurried the young girl as she read the note. Instead she addressed her in a kindly fashion. "Well done Geraldine, take him through to the duty prefect and he can go and see Miss Trent with the others."

Peter had been instructed to follow the young girl; he had stumbled rather than walked behind her as she led him towards the door. He had instinctively clasped his hands to his groin, holding his penis against his tummy to hide his shameful erection. Once in the corridor she had turned and looked at him, her face mischievous and impudent although her voice and words had a certain naivety to them.

"I hope you can learn to control your penis better than some of the other boys. You really have a big one, and it will make it very noticeable if it gets hard like it is now. I should warn you that boys get caned on their bottoms if they are caught touching their penises."

Peter had blushed, his face colouring immediately to a deep dark purple as the young girl looked at him, without a hint of embarrassment. He had never in his young life known such abject and deep humiliation as she causally looked at his freshly shaven groin.

"I am telling you this as a friend... don't cover your penis, walk with your hands at your sides if you want to avoid the cane. I will walk slowly and perhaps it will go down a bit before we get to the courtyard."

She had talked about his penis in such a forthright way, and yet had such an innocent expression on her face, that he was utterly shocked. He had blushed and trembled as the young girl turned away and walked in front of him, he let his hands fall to his sides, hoping that she would not turn around again and look at him.

Although his erection had begun to subside it was still plump and turgid as they exited the corridor and turned into a wide doorway where three other boys were standing; their naked bodies were shivering as they cowered against the tiled walls of the small annexe. They were looking apprehensively at the young prefect standing in front of them. She held a long rattan cane in her hand and looked demure and perfectly at ease as she casually examined the nakedness of the young men she had in her charge. Her neatly arranged uniform and well groomed appearance contrasted starkly with the trembling trio of bare young bodies.

She turned to Peter and looked at him. Her eyes travelled the length of his body, noting every detail of his nakedness before she gestured for him to stand alongside the other boys. It was all who he could do, not to clasp his hands against his groin to hide his shame.

"Thank you Geraldene, he wasn't any trouble was he?" The young girl had shaken her head as Peter moved to stand by the side of the other boys. His face was burning so much that he felt near to fainting. The young prefect took time to examine the new boy from head to toe. Peter stood trembling, his body suffused in goose bumps as she leisurely appraised him, her beautiful eyes examining every detail of his genitals before she beckoned the four boys to follow her outside and into the courtyard.

2

Now, as Peter waited with the others, his face burned with humiliation as he stood naked with his the palms of his hands pressed to the top of his head. He did not dare to look at the other boys or the pretty prefect, who was half sitting upon the vaulting horse; instead he stared at the sky, engulfed in total confusion and utter shame.

From somewhere inside the impressive stone buildings that surrounded the courtyard, Peter heard a bell sound and soon afterwards, he heard the sound of schoolgirls entering the courtyard. He closed his eyes in shame as their excited chatter became louder. Eventually he opened his eyes to see that the courtyard had filled with young girls, most of them heading towards himself and the other boys. It did not take many minutes before the four naked boys were completely surrounded by giggling girls.

Peter felt his face begin to burn as his cheeks flushed to a deep and vivid red. He could see that the boys were as equally embarrassed, as young girls formed a square formation around them. The smaller girls stood nearest to the boys, while the taller and older prefects stood behind them. By the time they had all settled into their places they were several rows deep. Peter could not help looking at them, noticing immediately that they all seemed to be extremely attractive and far better groomed than any group of schoolgirls he had ever seen.

Had he been able to form coherent thought, he might have pondered as to why every girl in the school seemed to be unusually pretty. There were none that were overweight, or had spots, or who seemed to have any imperfections at all. They all wore the same immaculately tailored uniforms, their skirts worn extremely short to show most of their bare legs, their tailored shirts, crisp and white. All of the girls wore delicate rope sandals upon their feet, the ties criss- crossing their calves before being tied just below the knee.

Had he known the true purpose of the admission of young boys to Rochville and the raison d'etre of the school, he might have understood how this strange phenomenon had come about and perhaps ultimately his intended fate.

The youngest girls who had joined the school at eighteen were obviously amused and intrigued at the sight of the four naked boys, although certainly not surprised. Peter watched in horror as the girls hid their mouths with their hands as they made remarks about the physical attributes of the boys to each other.

There seemed to be no embarrassment amongst them as they pointed and commented on the appearance and the erect state of the trembling and utterly humiliated boys. Peter flinched as he saw one of the girls reach out and stroke her hands lightly over the naked bottom cheeks of one of the boys. The boy immediately groaned in dismay as several of girls standing nearest to him followed suit, their hands, impudently feeling between his buttocks.

Peter was soon groaning too, not daring to turn around as he suddenly felt a hand touch his own bottom. Almost immediately, there was another and another and he felt the cheeks of his bottom being spread apart and a small hand dip in-between the parted flesh. He gasped and groaned as others joined in, their hands stoking over his buttocks and his hips and thighs. He looked across at the young prefect in despair, only to see her smile at the girls standing behind him as they continued their intimate exploration of his body.

"Oooh" he gasped reluctantly as he felt the slender hand of a small girl slip impudently in-between his legs and her gentle fingers delicately and deliberately cup his testicles. He could not help shivering as his scrotum was lifted and the soft orbs of flesh inside, sensuously fondled by her delicate fingertips. The voice of the unseen girl whispered to him.

"I bet this makes you stiffen up a bit"

The sensual probing and stroking of his body had the inevitable result. He groaned in horror as he felt his penis begin to erect, the timid pale flesh not just stiffening, but to his utter dismay, pulsing and throbbing as it rose in a series of undulations, to an angle of sixty degrees from his body. He shivered and his face burned from the rush of blood to his head as his embarrassment manifested itself once more.

Suddenly he was aware of a murmur amongst the crowd of girls; he felt their hands being abruptly snatched away from his trembling body. To his right, Peter saw the reason for abrupt withdrawal of the girl's hands from his body; a tall and extremely pretty young woman approached the prefect. Hilary, who was still perched upon the surface of the vaulting horse, rose to greet the young teacher.

Miss Trent held a long rattan cane in her hand. The dark mottled surface of the bamboo contrasted sharply with her long slender fingers and neatly painted coral fingernails.

She did not waste time or words; instead she crooked her finger at Gerald, beckoning him towards the vaulting horse. As the trembling youth approached his impending chastisement, a shudder ran through his body. Miss Trent smiled knowingly, her bright red lips parting to reveal even white teeth. Her severely cut jet-black hair shone in the sunlight as she moved to stand beside the vaulting horse. Her white silk blouse did little to conceal the fullness of her breasts, or her short skirt, the shapeliness of her long bare legs.

Two girls emerged from the excited crowd and made their way to stand behind the vaulting horse. They appeared to be only a little older than Gerald. In spite of their youth they seemed confident and practised as they took hold of the naked boy and dragged him face down over the vaulting horse. They held his arms outwards and stretched them onto the surface of the horse, effectively pinioning him to the faded leather.

Peter watched in horror as the young prefect moved behind the prostrated miscreant, leaning forward, she slapped the insides of his thighs until his legs were spread apart and his hips were pressed down against the surface. With a studied casualness she reached between his legs and lifted his testicles, while she pulled his penis out from beneath him, so that it was pointing downwards between his widely parted thighs.

Miss Trent could not hide her smile as Hilary handled the boy's most intimate parts so casually. She watched the young prefect as she straightened up and moved around to the other side of the vaulting horse before taking the boy's head gently in her hands.

It was with an almost tender and intimate movement as she stroked her delicate fingers over the boy's burning cheeks and through his hair. "Well Gerald, you will try and keep nice and still for Miss Trent, while she canes that naughty little bare bottom of yours. Promise me you will be good, otherwise I will have one of the girls sit under the horse and hold your testicles tightly, just like I had to do to Jeremy last week!"

Hilary felt the wetness of Gerald's tears on her hands as the boy began to sob. She looked up at Miss Trent who had raised the cane. The young teacher looked beautiful as she stretched her arm high above her head, her young breasts pressing tightly against the material of her white silk blouse.

"Four strokes for you my boy. Six if I have any nonsense." With those words the cane descended, cutting into the boy's bottom cheeks.

"Whack."

Hilary held his head firmly as he tried to rear up, watching with delight as the boy tried to wriggle his bared buttocks away from the path of the cane. His writhing did him no good as the cane descended again, the second stroke allowing him no time to recover from the first.

This was the preferred method of caning at Rochville, the strokes of the cane coming down hard and fast, one after the other, in a hurried series of loud "whacks". The rattan would bite into the tender cheeks of the miscreant's bottom at such a pace that sometimes the boy would hardly have had time to draw breath.

"Whack, Whack, Whack, Whack." Hilary watched avidly as the strokes were delivered; she was almost delirious with sexual excitement as the cane bit into the boy's flesh for the fourth and last time. She held his cheeks as he reared up his head in anguish. His screams rang in her ears as she stroked his cheeks; her voice was soft and low as she whispered to him.

"Poor Gerald, never mind, it is all over now."

She watched as the two young monitors, their faces flushed with excitement, held him captive for a very slow count of thirty before they let go of his arms. Miss Trent was well aware that this was the worst period for the young men, the slow count as the pain built up into an agonising and infernal torment.

Hilary had witnessed this scene many times before. She watched as the boy fell to the floor, lying on his back. He writhed in agony, his buttocks rubbing against the smooth cobbles of the courtyard as he tried to assuage the pain.

The girls all watched as his penis, still plump and swollen, flapped about wildly. His pain was such that for a short time he seemed unaware of the immodesty of his violent gyrations.

Miss Trent looked down at him, her expression certainly betraying nothing of the acute excitement she felt each time she caned a naked boy. She waited until his writhing ceased, watching as he grasped his hands over his genitals and struggled to his feet. His embarrassment and humiliation suddenly became the greater contender for his acute discomfort, taking precedence over the searing pain in his bottom.

Miss Trent spoke to him, her voice, articulate and crisp, as she admonished the distraught young boy.

"I think Gerald you would be well advised to take your hands away from your genitalia. You know I will not tolerate you young boys playing with yourselves."

Gerald's face managed to turn an even deeper shade of red as he faced Miss Trent. Slowly and with a shiver of shame, he uncovered himself. He could not help but glance at the row of young girls to see if they were watching him. The gesture, although involuntary, was futile and confirmed his worse fears. All of the girls were watching his every move. To his utter dismay, two of the youngest girls, who were from his own class, exchanged conspiratorial glances and then sniggered as his face took on an even deeper shade of red.

The canings continued quickly, with the second boy receiving four strokes of the cane before performing similar gyrations upon the cool cobbled surface of the courtyard. Such was the anguish of the third boy, who having witnessed the chastisement of the other two, was so distressed that he had to be fetched by the two young monitors to face the vaulting horse.

His bare body shivered and trembled as he was summarily bent over the leather horse and held in position. Two more girls emerged from the crowd at the beckoning of Miss Trent. They each knelt down at either side of the vaulting horse and without needing instruction took each of his ankles, stretching his legs apart until his hips were flat against the horse. They held them firmly as they looked up at Miss Trent.

"Six of the best for you Henry."

Miss Trent leaned forward as she spoke and deftly slipped her hand downwards between his buttocks, parting the quivering flesh as she reached underneath him and grasped his penis, pulling it from under his tummy until it hung down between his legs. She stepped back and raised the cane, pausing for a moment as Hilary moved forward from her position behind the horse, her thighs touching the top of the boy's head, as she placed both hands flat against the shivering bare flesh of his shoulders.

The young boy was now completely pinioned to the horse as the first of six strokes was vigorously applied to his quivering bottom.

"Whack, whack, whack, whack, whack, whack."

Such was the rapidity of the caning that it lasted no longer than the duration of the boy's first indrawn breath. As the last stroke fell his body seemed to flex into a rigid posture. Peter watched in horror as the boy turned his head to the side and screamed; the long tormented cry sent shivers through Peter's body.

He had never witnessed anything like this in his young life and he began to shiver uncontrollably as the cries of anguish rang in his ears. Even though the girls were holding the young boy firmly, Peter could see that his body was convulsing in pain. After another slow count of thirty, the girls released him and the boy slid to the ground, writhing in complete abandon upon the floor. His penis flapped wildly against the flesh of his hips and tummy as he rubbed his buttocks vigorously against the smooth cobble.

The excited schoolgirls looked down at the boy's involuntary gyrations. The expressions on their innocent faces showed little concern for his anguish, instead their eyes followed the abandoned movement of his naked body, their wide eyes scanning his naked body, watching his penis and testicles which were wriggling freely and flapping against his legs as he tried to rid himself of the intense pain in his buttocks.

Peter noticed that the perfectly groomed prefect had been joined by two other girls of a similar age. They, like Hilary, were pretty to the extreme. The first of the girls had wonderful ash blonde hair; her beautifully shaped face was lightly made up with a pale pink lipstick delineating the exquisite shape of her lips. The second girl was darker, her lovely olive skin, completely without imperfection.

The jet-black hair, luxurious in thickness and texture was tied back neatly and shone with an almost blue tint under the rays of sunshine that played upon the courtyard. The thin wire framed glasses she wore, could not disguise the beauty of her almond shaped eyes. Her lips, which were painted bright red, were stretched wide in a smile as she looked at Hilary for a brief moment.

She raised her eyebrows before turning her head back towards the violent movements of the naked boy as he lay upon the shiny cobblestones.

All three girls were tall and their deliberately short pleated skirts showed their shapely thighs off to perfection.

Peter watched the three prefects as they took rubber gloves from underneath the lid of the cabinet. Their slender fingers were pointed upwards and extended rigidly as they smoothed the thin rubber over their hands, each snapping the rubber against her wrists as they completed the task. Hilary produced a large tube of lubricant, which each girl used, in turn, to lubricate the fingers of their rubber gloves.

It was several moments before Miss Trent spoke to Henry who was still rubbing his bottom against the floor.

"Come along Henry, I think you have made enough of a spectacle of yourself." Peter watched, as finally the boy got up and stood trembling in front of the pretty young teacher. His face was bright red and he was gasping for breath. Peter noticed that the boy did not attempt to cover his genitals, but rather stood shamefaced with his hands by his sides.

While the pretty young girls in the crowd chatted excitedly, Peter watched as all three boys were bent over the vaulting horse. Their bodies were placed side by side with their arms stretched forward and their hips touching each other. After positioning them appropriately, the three prefects moved behind each of the boys and almost casually parted their buttocks. There were gasps of humiliation and discomfort as the girls looked at each other before bending forward.


Each of them deftly lubricated and penetrated the anus of the boy in front of her. The boy's gasped in anguish as a slender extended forefinger invaded their young bottoms. There seemed to be a casual almost nonchalant attitude amongst the confident prefects, as if the boy's distress was of no consequence.

On an instruction from Miss Trent the boys were made to stand, each of them gasping with acute sensation as the muscles of their sphincters tightened against the slender forefingers which now impaled their bottoms.

They waddled slowly, their pale naked flesh in stark contrast to the smartly dressed girls. The young prefects held the boys around their waists, their palms flat against the boys' tummies as they kept their fingers buried deep inside each of their bottoms.

The girls seemed to stoop slightly, perhaps to make absolutely sure that their fingers were fully penetrating each boy's sphincter; their hands were completely engulfed by the soft flesh of the boys' bottom cheeks.

In silence, but with a rather satisfied expression on their faces, the prefects walked them forward until all three boys were standing at an arms length apart.

Each of them had struggled to mount the platform, which was of a deliberate height so that the prefects did not have to stoop to keep the young miscreants impaled. All of the boys were now standing in isolation and to their utter embarrassment and humiliation... facing the crowd of schoolgirls who were waiting eagerly to see their embarrassing fate.

"Hands upon your heads, eyes wide open and face the girls. You have each been caned for playing with your penises, so now everyone will have the opportunity to see how silly little boys look while their penises are being played with. One would have thought that eighteen year old boys would have more sense, especially knowing the consequences." Miss Trent's words had immediately produced a blush on the faces of the naked pupils.

Peter tried to turn his head to look at them, but found it difficult to turn far enough now that the boys had been moved to the side.

He had begun to feel slightly more composed when he realised that perhaps, after all, he was not to be caned. He turned back quickly as he saw that Miss Trent had noticed his movements.

"Peter come here and stand with the girls, I want you to see this. You have already witnessed what happens to naughty boys when I have to cane them. Now you can stand and watch with the girls, how silly little boys are humiliated in front of all of the girls."

Peter turned towards Miss Trent and the crowd of girls who had gathered even closer to the three boys. He felt his cheeks begin to burn as the blood rushed to his face. He almost stumbled as he moved towards her. He shivered as she gently placed both her hands on each side of his waist. Her fingers were cool and soothing against his fevered body.

She manoeuvred him until he was standing between a group of girls of his own age, facing the three punished boys; he blushed as he realised the proximity of his naked body to the young girls and shivered in horror at the interested looks of the pupils as he was made to stand in front of them. He knew that they would all be able to see his bottom without any hindrance.

"You can take your hands from your head, but on no account are you to touch your genitals... do you understand me?"

Peter barely managed to mumble a reply as Miss Trent turned her attention back to the boys standing in front of her. He took his hands from his head, and reluctantly let them fall to his sides.

Peter looked in front of him to see that the prefects were standing with their bodies pressed against the rear of each young boy. He noticed that all the boys' penises had begun to erect and that each of their members was now fat and plump. To the utter embarrassment of the young boys, the prefects began to gently stimulate the prostate gland of each boy. The effect was startling as the boys stood on tiptoe, trying to escape the acute sensation of the girls' fingers.

Peter had no idea what the prefects were doing to the boys although he could see the vigorous movements of their arms. He watched as almost simultaneously, the boys flung back their heads and opened their mouths in gasps of anguish.

Miss Trent moved in front of the first boy and reached out, quickly grasping the young boy's penis and testicles. She deftly slid his foreskin back to reveal the head of his penis. The boy cried out as she pumped her hand up and down several times, quickly bringing him to a full and throbbing erection. She repeated the ritual with the other two boys until all three of them stood shamefaced and anguished, with their penises standing outwards and upwards, the rigid flesh pulsing visibly.

Miss Trent moved to the side so that all the girls would have an unobstructed view of the naked boys. The girls were already chattering excitedly as the prefects slid their hands down from the tummy area of each boy and encircled their delicate rubber covered fingers over the shaft of each of the boys' penises.

The crowd of girls moved forward at the sight of the prefects touching the boys' penises and Peter felt one of the girls at his side, take his hand in hers... a moment later another girl took hold of his other hand. He turned towards each of the girls in turn, but both of them were already facing forward, watching the spectacle in front of them.

To his horror he felt the hands of the girls behind him touch his bottom. To his dismay the hands became bolder, stroking over his bottom cheeks and around his hips. He was aware that, as the girls had gathered around to watch, most of his body was now hidden from the young teacher and that she could not see what was happening to him.

He shuddered as the girl in front of him placed her hands behind her back and deliberately stepped backwards. She leaned her body against his as her hands quickly located his penis and testicles. Without turning her head she cupped his testicles and took a firm hold of the shaft of his penis. Peter gasped in embarrassment and tried to pull his hands away from the girls at his sides. To his dismay both of the girls held his hands firmly and would not let him go. Instead, the girl to his right pulled on his arm and whispered in his ear.

"You had better not say anything or Sammy will tell Miss Trent you were playing with your willy to make it hard. Now don't be a silly boy... let her do what she wants to you and just face forward and watch the show."

Peter did not know what to do as he stood amidst the young girls. He winced as the girl in front of him slid the foreskin of his penis backwards. Behind him another girl suddenly parted the cheeks of his bottom and slipped her slender hand between the soft mounds of flesh. He shivered, as even more of the girls seemed to join in and start exploring his body.

In front of him the three boys were faring no better. Each of the young boys was gasping for breath as the prefects stretched their foreskins back tightly against the shaft of their penises. Gerald, who was the tallest of the three boys, looked aghast as the pretty dark haired prefect who was holding him, suddenly thrust her finger deeper into his bottom. Her voice was almost mocking as she admonished him.

"Keep still you naughty child, you are here to be punished. Naughty boys who play with their own penises have to be taught a lesson. Now face the girls and take your punishment without fuss."

Simultaneously, all of the prefects began to milk the young boys. The boys' faces suddenly contorted into a grimace, each boy standing on tiptoe with his hips thrust forward, as the slender fingers of the prefects penetrated deeply within their bottoms. The girls' hands seemed to have a sensual motion to them as they expertly stimulated the straining rigid flesh of their victims. The lubricated gloves that covered their hands glistened under the strong sunlight. The crowd of junior girls murmured in excitement as they watched each of the prefects occasionally thrust their hands deeper between the quivering buttocks of the young boys.

Peter could not stop his body from shuddering in embarrassment. He felt his penis begin to erect, the flesh pulsing within the firm grip of the young girl in front of him. The combination of the sight of the young boys being milked so thoroughly and expertly, and the touch of the slender hands and fingers of the girls upon his bottom and genitals, caused his penis to extend to a full and violent erection. He felt the blood rush to his head as he was visually and physically aroused to a fever pitch.

Miss Trent looked on at the scene before her. The expertise of the young prefects never ceased to amaze her. Their well-groomed hair and lightly made up faces was complimented by the smartness of their crisply pressed white shirts and school ties. Their entire appearance and demeanour contrasted starkly against the pale naked bodies and the blushing faces of the three boys as they stood shivering in emotion.

Miss Trent smiled to herself as she noted the first telltale signs of the boys' impending ejaculation. Their embarrassment was almost palpable as they each stood on their very tiptoes, their heads were thrown back and each of them was opened mouthed and gasping for air, as coolly and expertly they were stimulated to an impending orgasm.

It was Gerald who erupted first, his whole body tensing into a paroxysm of overwhelming sensation. His jaw sagged; his mouth hung wide open as his breathing became suspended. He ejaculated forcefully. Semen spurted from his penis in a seemingly endless stream as suddenly the second and third boy also began to ejaculate. Their bright red faces looked as if they were in a fit of agony as the young prefects pressed their fingers deep into their bottoms and expertly milked them of every last drop of their semen.

Peter could not believe his eyes; he had never experienced such an event. He shuddered with emotion as he forced himself to look on as the boys were made to ejaculate involuntarily in front of the crowd of schoolgirls. His only respite was that the girls had suddenly let go of him as the boys had begun to orgasm.

They watched with delight as each boy was milked thoroughly until he was dry of semen. They pointed and sniggered as, one by one, the boys were made to bend over and touch their toes as the prefects withdrew their fingers from their bottoms.

The prefects stood back from the boys as they ordered them to stand-up straight. One of them patted the boy she had been milking upon his bottom cheeks. Miss Trent moved forward and stood in front of each boy in turn; placing her hands against his cheeks and turning his head forward so that he was looking directly at the crowd of schoolgirls. When each boy had been positioned to her satisfaction, she turned and addressed the watching girls.

"These boys have been punished for playing with their penises." She turned her head and looked at the three naked youngsters before turning back to the girls, whom were all listening attentively. All of the boys had tears in their eyes as they shamefacedly faced the girls. Miss Trent continued, smiling as she looked at the eager faces of the young schoolgirls.

"They are dirty little boys and have been caned and milked in front of all of you. I am convinced that there is far too much of this behaviour going on. You are all well aware that it is against school rules for boys to touch their penises and so I want you to be more vigilant in reporting any breaches of the school rules. The boys' assessments are designed to take care of their erections and obviously these boys have failed to report that their assessment needed to be increased. I am therefore increasing the assessment of each boy by two."

She turned to the young boys, who looked even more embarrassed as she addressed them.

"You will all report back to your class with your assessment cards and ask your form teacher to add a further two."

She watched as the boys walked in a line towards the stone buildings and then turned her head back towards the crowd of girls. Her eyes focussed on Peter, who was trembling with shock at what he had just seen. The girls had not molested him any further, although the two girls at his sides were still holding his hands.

"Thank you young ladies for your attention during this punishment session. Now Peter, I have had you witness this punishment session so that you will be aware of what is in store for you, should you break the school rules. You may now return to the medical centre."

She looked at the girl who was standing in front of Peter and spoke kindly to her. "Samantha, would you be kind enough to take our new boy back to the sanatorium for me?"

Peter blushed, his face turning bright crimson as the girls moved away from him and he was left standing in the open, with his penis fully erect in front of Miss Trent and the young girl who had so impudently held his genitals during the punishment session.

Miss Trent looked down at his shaven groin and then raised her head to look him in the eyes. Rather than admonish him for his erection, she spoke to him kindly.

"I am aware that this has been a traumatic introduction to Rochville for you Peter. You are going to be assessed by the doctor and her assessment should stop you having embarrassing erections such as this."

Peter could not help looking as she reached out and casually wrapped her slender fingers around the shaft of his penis. He fought the desire to pull away from her and run and hide is embarrassment as she squeezed the rigid flesh.

"You have not been acquainted with the school rules as yet, but when you are, you will find out that it is not permissible for any boy to have an erection without having it milked. If you find that you are becoming erect at anytime you must report it to a prefect."

Peter had never felt as embarrassed; he blushed again as the pretty young teacher held his penis while she talked to him. He could smell her alluring perfume and her beautiful face was so close to his that he was completely mesmerised by her. He felt his face burning with embarrassment as her fingers gently toyed with the shaft of his penis.

"Off you go young man, Samantha will show you the way."

Peter shamefully turned to follow the young girl as Miss Trent let go of him, her slender hand smacking him lightly on the bottom. He stumbled rather than walked, acutely aware of his erect penis bobbing up and down as he followed Samantha. The girls were standing around in groups; their eyes following his embarrassing progress across the cobbled courtyard. He did not dare to look left or right as he followed the young girl towards the medical centre.

*

Constance Marchbank moved away from the mullioned window of her luxurious office where, with some amusement, she had been observing the proceedings that had been enacted in the courtyard below. She returned to one of the two leather easy chairs and sat down. Her every movement was a testimony to her grace and breeding. Even if Constance had not been so beautifully dressed in the finest of Chanel Haut couture, few people would have failed to have recognised her elegance or her delicate beauty.

She looked across at the young girl who was seated in the other of the two leather chairs. The girl was dressed in the school uniform that only senior prefects were privileged to wear. Jessica had just celebrated her twenty-first birthday. The occasion had been more than just a celebration of age, although no one other than Constance Marchbank had been privy to the exact import of Jessica's birthday.

According to the terms of her late father's will and testament, Jessica had become the heir to her share of her family's fortunes. Although one hundred and eighty five million dollars... as well as a similar amount in stocks and bonds might have seemed an imposing fortune to some, Constance Marchbank had not even raised her eyebrows. To those who understood the history of the Rochville Academy, especially the financial history, the legacy Jessica had inherited would have been commensurate with that of many of the present and former pupils of Rochville.

"So Jessica... you have decided that Gerald will not be the one. Not to worry, you have plenty of time and I am sure that you will not be short of entertainment when you take over your house as a tutor. As you are the most senior of all of our girls who have expressed an interest in acquiring a boy, you will be able to choose as and when you are ready."

Jessica smiled, stretching her long legs outwards, she turned towards Constance and spoke. Her voice had a soft fruitiness to it as she tilted her head to one side and looked directly at the young headmistress.

"I can honestly say that I cannot wait to apply my skills to our current batch of young boys. But, as you say, choosing one is not a prior concern... after all every year I wait the younger they will be." Jessica grinned impishly as she moved her body sensuously in the comfort of the leather chair.

Constance could not help but smile as she picked up the slender glass of champagne from the ornate table at her side.

"Well Jessica, you are right of course, but remember that honing the skills of your young suitor can be very fulfilling. It is a wonderful thing to have a boy so well bonded to you that his only thoughts are to please you. Of course his punishments and discipline are a most pleasant hors d'eourve and with your choice of staff only the best of performances will be extracted from him."

Jessica squirmed in her chair as she thought of the wonderful afternoons she had spent watching the young tutors and their staff, putting boys through their paces.

"I think perhaps that I might walk over to the medical centre in a while and have a look at our newest inductee... you seem to have whetted my appetite somewhat!"



Peter followed Samantha obediently as she led him towards the main examination room of the medical centre, a room Peter had not seen before. As they entered through wide swing doors into the virtually sterile room, he could feel a distinct drop in temperature from that of the main corridor. The white tiles of the floor felt cold upon his feet. Samantha seemed to understand the effect the room might have upon the boy, she turned to him and took his wrist in her delicate hand.

For any young person, the first sight of the interior of the medical centre would have appeared foreboding and intimidating. For Peter, who had already been embarrassed more in one day than ever before in his whole life, the thought of what was to come made him shudder with trepidation.

White tiles covered the walls of the medical centre from floor to ceiling. Stainless steel trays of instruments filled the white shelves, which were mounted to head-height on each wall of the room. To Peter, the futuristic leather and stainless steel examination table which was set into the middle of the floor, seemed to be a centrepiece of evil intent.

Two huge operating-theatre lights were suspended above the ominous looking table. They shone upon the shiny chromium plated fittings of the stirrups, which were already elevated, high and wide, above the bed. Clear plastic pipes seemed to be everywhere. Some emanated from large oxygen cylinders leading to several facemasks suspended above the head of the bed. Others, of various diameters, extended from large complex looking electrical devices and air compressors, all of which were fastened to the walls above the shelving.

The pipes trailed in swirls upon the spotlessly clean tiled floor. The thick clear plastic tubes snaked their way to the examination table before winding upwards to ominous looking nozzles and tips. The end devices each had their own holders, which hooked over a high stainless-steel stand. 

The large metal nozzles all had ends of various sizes, each complete with small levers and switches set into their handgrips. The torpedo shaped ends glistened wickedly under the strong almost blinding lights. Some of the smaller devices attached to the tubing looked like dentistry drills, while others were smaller still, looking more like shortened needles.

Peter trembled as he was led forward, quickly and efficiently, by Samantha and made to stand in the centre of the room. She held both of his wrists as she made him stand between two portable instrument trolleys, each one containing a tray of instruments. He eyed them warily as Samantha spoke to him, her voice quite kindly.

"Stand here with your hands placed upon your head. You must place your legs wide apart, if you look down at the tiles, I want you to make sure that there are three tiles visible between the spacing of your feet. I had better give you a few words of advice. Don't move from where you are now. Just wait patiently until the nurses or the doctor come through. Whatever you do... do not touch your penis. To do so is an offence and is considered to be 'playing with yourself', which is the worst offence any boy can commit at this school. Until you learn the rules you would do well to take this advice. Now put your hands on your head."

Peter obeyed immediately, shuffling his feet further and further apart, until he could see three tiles between his ankles. He felt utterly vulnerable as he realised how widely stretched his legs were. He felt the cool air seemingly swirling around his penis and scrotum as they hung free and clear between his legs. He shivered as the girl stood behind him and casually placed her cool hand upon his waist. His naked body shivered in shame as she casually slid her hand around his waist and smoothed her fingers down over his tummy until she was touching his penis. Casually she took a firm hold of his plump organ, leaning her head over his shoulder with her face only inches away from his blushing cheeks.

"Your erection seems to have subsided a bit. Your penis is such a nice one that I am sure it will get lots of attention."

She moved around to stand in front of him, quickly glancing at the door as she slid his foreskin back and looked into his face.

"You are the best looking boy we have ever had at this school, so I suppose your life here will go from one embarrassment to another."

She could see that he was blushing profusely, his bottom lip trembling in shame as she held him firmly.

Her voice softened as she kissed him gently on the cheek and then looked at his trembling countenance.

"My advice is to try and put up with it. The girls can be very spiteful and get you into lots of trouble if they want to. The teachers and staff will never take your word against theirs. Just put up with whatever happens to you and just do your best... I will try and be a friend to you, but I will never go against the other girls."

She looked at him sympathetically. "Look your penis is as hard as iron... even after I have only touched it for a second or two." She watched his face blush to a deep crimson as a look of guilt appeared in his tearful eyes.

"I am going to leave you now... just stay there and try and do what they tell you." She patted his cheek and let go of his penis, giving him another look of sympathy as she turned and walked away.

Peter waited for what seemed like an eternity before hearing activity beyond the wide swing doors. His humiliation at standing naked waiting for whatever indignities were to come, kept his nerves in a constant state of anxiety. He stood as he had been placed. His hands were clasped tightly to the top of his head and his legs were spread so widely that they were aching from the effort. Suddenly the doors swung open behind him. He could not see who had entered, only being able to hear the staccato sound of heels upon the tiled floor. He tried to look behind him but was unable to turn his head more than a few inches without moving from his position.

He felt a shiver run through his body as, from behind, two young nurses passed to either side of his naked body. Their trim white uniforms brushed against his bared flesh as they moved between him and the trolleys. He blushed as they came to stand in front of him, his body trembling as they both looked at him. Like all of the staff and the schoolgirls that he had seen since his short time at Rochville, they were extremely pretty. It was not just the exquisite good look of the nurses that unnerved him. They both seemed to be very young, perhaps only a few years older than him. His cheeks burned with shame as one of the nurses placed her hand on his cheek. He felt utterly vulnerable and ashamed as she looked into his eyes and spoke softly to him.

"Now Peter, we are going to start your assessment. I want you to look at me and listen to what I tell you. This is very important for you if you are to avoid the kind of punishment that you have just witnessed outside in the quadrangle."

Jane thrilled at his trembling young body, as he stood naked, shivering before her. She knew that her compatriot, Sandra, would be having the same feeling of delight as they both watched the young boy doing his very best to stay in his humiliating position.

She looked at him and then looked down at his naked body, her eyes lingering over his penis and testicles as they hung openly between his widely spread legs. Peter could not help but follow her gaze. To his chagrin, she leisurely inspected his genitalia. She looked back up to his face, just in time to see him flush profusely, knowing that his naked body was openly and shamefully displayed to her.

He dare not take his eyes off her face as she spoke to him.

"Now Peter, listen to me carefully. Boys at Rochville are not allowed to have an erection. Do you know what an erection is?" Peter blushed, as the young nurse looked him in the eye. He could not help the deep flush of red that burned his cheeks as she asked him the question.

"Well Peter, tell me what an erection is?"

He tried to hang his head in shame, but the pretty young nurse placed her hand under his chin and raised his head until he was looking into her pretty blue eyes.

"er...er its when... er my ...er ...er penis gets stiff...er misss."

The stammered reply seemed to satisfy her.

"Well, an erection is not allowed. It is most offensive to the girls at this school... and is not tolerated here. Now for the second part Peter, listen to me very carefully so that you understand."

She waited until she was sure she had his full attention, delighting in his beautiful young face and his pure embarrassment.

"Rochville does not allow young boys to indulge in masturbation. Do you know what masturbation is, Peter?"

Again Peter blushed, his face turning to a deep shade of purple as the pretty young nurse looked at him intently, his stammered reply seeming again to satisfy her.

"Er... yes miss I think so..."

"Have you ever indulged in masturbation Peter, have you ever played with this?" To his shame and anguish she patted the underside of his penis with the very tips of her slender fingers.

"Ooohh... nooo.. er no miss... er never miss."

She looked at him rather quizzically

"What? Never Peter... not even once?"

"Er no... miss. Er I have never played er.. with myself, please miss... honestly miss."

The nurse looked at him... almost sympathetically as she stood before him. She could hardly believe that she was to bring this young boy to his very first orgasm. She thrilled at the prospect as she looked at his blushing and trebling countenance.

"Well Peter, your assessment is made up of the amount of times that the school medical personnel think that these little testicles of yours need to be emptied. This is to ensure that you do not have an erection at any other time."

To his utter shame, the young nurse cupped her hand under his scrotum and lifted the swollen orbs up into her hand. She could feel his body shiver as she smoothed her fingers around the tight sac before letting him go. She could see that the boy was wrapped in an absolute aura of shame as she looked into his face.

"Well Peter we had better get you started."

Both nurses moved away to the far wall where there was a row of lightweight polished aluminium chairs. Peter watched as they each carried a chair back towards him. As he watched them he became aware of the beauty and grace of their lithe bodies. He felt a sudden shiver of apprehension run through his slender frame.

It was as if he had realised for the first time exactly they were going to do to him. The nurse who had been addressing him, placed her chair directly in front of him. He shivered in apprehension as she sat down and pulled the chair forward. Looking down in shame, he could see that her pretty bared knees were placed primly together between his widely spread legs. He could hear the second nurse pull her chair forward as she sat behind him.

Peter raised his head to the ceiling in humiliation as the nurse took a pair of rubber gloves from the trolley and sensuously stretched them over her slender fingers. She snapped the cuffs, the noise drawing his attention back to her actions. He could hear similar sounds from behind him, becoming acutely aware of their intentions. He quickly looked down as the nurse spoke to him, her tone sharp and efficient.

"Right Peter look at me and listen carefully... as this is your first time." She began to apply a lubricant to her fingers as she talked to him.

"I want you to stand exactly as you are. The nurse behind you is going to penetrate your bottom and I am going to milk your penis. The amount of semen that I extract will determine the period of time before you are to be milked again."

Peter looked at her with an expression of horror on his young face.

"It is usual, for reasons that I am not going to explain, that boys at Rochville are spanked before they are milked. As this is the very first time that you will have ejaculated, I shall not spank you... unless of course that is... that you fail to obey my instructions."

He could not help watching as she took a glass tube from the instrument tray. The thick glass was supported in its own wire holder, which allowed it to stand upright as she placed it on the floor beside her.

The test tube was of an unusual design. The flared lip was made of very thick glass. The inside of the flared opening was ribbed with a series of smooth ridges. The ribbing extended right through the flaring of the opening to where the glass narrowed into the collection part of the tube.

Jane wondered whether using the tube might be just too much for a young boy who was being made to ejaculate for the first time. She had seen the extreme stimulus that the glass produced, when moved up and down over the unprotected rim of the glans. It always excited her when the young boys reacted to the glass by standing upon their tiptoes and gasping for air as she deftly brought them to orgasm. Jane looked at the young boy, feeling a touch of sympathy for him as she watched her compatriot suddenly lean forward.

Peter could do nothing but stand naked and ashamed as suddenly from behind, he felt a hand slip between his bottom-cheeks.

"Oooh... ahhh."

The nurse's voice was low and kindly as she spoke to him for the first time.

"Just relax your bottom sweetheart; I am not going to hurt you."

The suddenness of their actions had him on his tiptoes as simultaneously a fingertip was neatly inserted up into his sphincter and gentle hands enveloped his testicles and penis.

He could not help looking down at the nurse as her left hand cupped his testicles. To his shame, she quickly slipped the foreskin of his penis back with her right hand as she squeezed his testicles firmly. Immediately he felt a throb of sensation as her fingers slipped sensuously over the glans.

He tried to raise himself even higher as he felt the fingertip that was penetrating his bottom, surging upwards and impaling him fully. He gasped in surprise as the knuckle stretched his sensitive sphincter wide, the sensation acute and all embracing, as she deftly pushed upwards in a firm and practiced motion.

"Ooohh.. oh... sissss, oh no, oh please, no miss."

His protestations went unheeded as his penis began to throb between the fingers of the pretty young nurse seated in front of him.

"Now just relax... it will all be over before you know it." Jane smiled to herself as she thought of the torment and sexual anguish that the boy must be feeling at the present time.

This, as far as she knew, was going to be the very first time that she had milked a boy to a virgin orgasm. She wondered how he would take the experience. Well my little virgin, she thought. It will certainly be 'up on your tiptoes time' very, very soon.

In an unhurried and practiced motion she slipped the foreskin of his penis back until the head was fully uncovered. She could feel the vibrant throbbing of his flesh between her fingers as she made him gasp.

"Ooooh misss... er oh oh." He tried to evade the sensation by standing on his tiptoes, only to feel an even greater sensation as the finger in his bottom pushed upwards within him, expertly locating and scoring over his prostate gland.

He reared up again, his knees splaying outwards, as the combined ministrations of the two nurses quickly had him gasping in anguish.

Pleeeeeeease... oh nooooo argh... oh arggghh."

Suddenly the nurse who was seated in front of him let go of his testicles. Immediately he felt the young nurse behind him, slip her free hand between his legs and firmly and take up the task of grasping his scrotum.

"Ooooh please... d'don't... argh." He gasped as the both nurses began to stimulate him. Their hands inflamed his timid body to a fever pitch. The nurse spoke to him, her voice soft and calming; a complete contrast to the rapid movement of her hand as she slid her fingers quickly backwards and forwards over the glans of his penis.

"Poor Peter, don't be so distressed... it will all be over soon." Jane delighted in his torment. The sight of him trying to elevate his young body away from their fingers delighted her more than she had thought possible.

Without breaking the swift cadence of her fingers she picked up the glass test-tube. Deliberately and callously, she drew his foreskin back tightly, leaving the glistening head of the glans exposed as she thrust the ribbed glass tube over the sensitive rim.

"Arrrggghhh ooohh," he cried out in trepidation.

Jane felt a stab of guilty pleasure suffuse her young body as she thought of his reaction to the feeling of the test-tube. Even the most experienced boys reacted in absolute anguish at the acute sensation the ribbed glass caused to their penises.

She watched him try and gyrate his hips in a vain effort to escape the feel of the cold glass, which had enveloped the entire head of his penis. She waited for a moment or two, allowing him a little time to adjust to the feel of the glass as she tightened her grip upon the shaft of his penis. Deliberately she drew the foreskin back tightly, exposing the glans penis fully.

Hiding the absolute thrill of pleasure that had welled up inside her, she deliberately rubbed the glass up and down over the corona of his penis. A little shiver of excitement ran through her slender body as she watched him. His body stiffened as he raised himself onto the very tips of his toes. Jane could see his legs quivering and the muscles of his stomach contract as he threw back his head and cried out in utter torment and anguish.

Arggggghhhhh... oooh nooo."

Nonchalantly, in an almost callous fashion, she speeded up the movement of the glass. She knew full well the boy's likely reaction to the almost unbearable sensation that was being applied to his virgin penis.

"Arghh oh pl... pleease...noooo."

His cries went unheeded as Jane leaned her body gracefully to the side while she pumped his penis mercilessly. She nodded to Sandra as the boy began to tremble from head to foot with deep emotion.

Sandra prodded his prostate gland, her finger cleverly insinuating itself against the centre of the plump mound of flesh. Peter was beside himself as suddenly he felt his first impending orgasm. He had no idea what was happening to him other than that he was unable to resist the incredible sensations that seemed to engulf him.

Jane could feel his penis throb mightily as she held the base of his shaft, her fingers stretching his foreskin away from the exposed glans. She increased her rhythm, rapidly oscillating the ribbed glass backwards and forwards over the sensitive rim. Immediately his whole body stiffened.

"There we are... that didn't take long now did it Peter?" Her calm voice merely fuelled his humiliating and shameful sexual arousal as his body locked into a paroxysm of absolute exquisite sexual torture.

Sandra felt his sphincter pulse in rapid contractions against her finger as the boy began to ejaculate. His cry of sexual anguish was music to their ears, as the young nurses nonchalantly brought him to orgasm.

Jane watched as semen erupted from the tip of his penis into the tube. She did not ease the vigour in which she applied the tube to the end of his penis, instead thrilling as he cried out in utter abandonment, his mouth wide open and gasping for air.

"There we are Peter... what a good boy. Come along now, let's see what you can do." Her words rekindled his utter humiliation as he was expertly and vigorously forced to ejaculate violently. Spurt after spurt of semen jetted into the test tube as both nurses expertly prolonged his orgasm.

"Hoooo...oooooh." The wail of abandonment heralded the boy's complete loss of control.

Jane could see that his legs were beginning to tremble. His knees were so widely spread that she wondered if he would be able to keep his balance. Sandra was the first to see that he was losing control of his limbs. She extricated her finger from his bottom and let go of his testicles. Standing up quickly, she wrapped her arms around his body, pressing her young breasts against his back as she held him upright. She looked around his body to see Jane quickly take the tube from his penis, as suddenly his body went limp. His hands fell to his sides as he fainted.

Jane quickly placed the brimming tube back on the trolley and stood up. The girls managed to hold up his limp body, moving him quickly to the examination table. Carefully they lifted him and lay him face upwards upon the brown leather surface. Both nurses could see that the boy had completely fainted away as they stroked their hands over his body, stimulating his flesh to aid revival.

It was over thirty seconds later before he opened his eyes and was able to see the nurse looking down at him. Jane watched him until his eyes focussed properly, immediately leaving him to Sandra so that she could make her way through to the bathroom. Sandra leaned over him and looked closely at him, observing his vital signs.

His embarrassment returned in an instant as he saw the pretty nurse looking at him. His cheeks immediately coloured up into a deep crimson blush. Sandra casually flipped his penis with her fingertips and spoke to him sternly. She thrilled as she saw him flush with embarrassment.

"What a silly boy you are fainting like that. You will have to learn to control yourself a little better. Now come with me, I am going to wash your genitals and your bottom. I want no more nonsense from you. Now up you get and follow me."

Peter flushed with colour again as the nurse stood back and watched him sit up and get off the bed. He felt absolutely humiliated as he saw the nurse overtly examining his genitals as he stood facing her with his back to the examination couch.


She nonchalantly stepped forward and cupped her hand under his scrotum, lifting his testicles. She saw that he was near to tears, as she looked him in the eye. Sandra was also aware of the boy's desire to cover his nakedness with his hands. She spoke to him firmly.

"If you dare to touch yourself Peter, you will be smacked. It is against the school rules and I distinctly heard Jane tell you that, just before you had your semen extracted."

She moved closer to him, still holding his scrotum she looked him in the eye. "Now are you going to be a good boy while I wash your little penis and testicles?"

Sandra had deliberately chosen her words so that she could have the thrill of watching him blush again - which the boy duly did, his face turning a bright crimson.

She squeezed his testicles gently. That one simple act subjugated the boy even further as she looked into his anguished face.

"Now follow me."

She let go of him and turned away from him. She walked briskly, listening for the slap of the boy's bare feet on the tiled floor, as she led him towards the bathroom, which was situated further down the corridor.

As they entered the white tiled room, Peter recognized that it was where he had been given his enema earlier in the day. He blushed as he saw not only Jane, the nurse who had handled his penis so deftly, but also two young girls dressed in their school uniforms.

Both of the young girls were lounging against the leather of the examination table. Their expressions were ones of amusement as they saw him blush and tremble in humiliation.

Peter had not got used to the fact that every girl in the academy seemed to be incredibly pretty. Although he had quickly lowered his gaze as soon as he had seen the girls, he had still noted their quite unusual beauty. One of the girls had dark almost black hair, whereas the other girl was ash blonde, which it seemed was prevalent in the school.

They both wore crisp white school shirts of a very fine cotton material; the deep collars were set off by the vivid magenta and violet of their school ties. Peter had noticed, even in the split second before lowering his eyes, that their full breasts seemed to be bare beneath the fine cotton of their shirts. He had clearly seen the hint of darker flesh against the material, as the pointed nipples of their young breasts pressed against the sheer cotton shirts.

Their faces were quite beautiful and finely featured. Their exquisite lips had been parted in amusement, displaying beautiful white and even teeth. Both girls wore their skirts as equally as short as the rest of the girls he had seen so far. Each girl displayed long tanned thighs and pretty knees above the white short socks that they were wearing.

He shivered with embarrassment as he was led to a small pedestal bidet, which was only a few feet away from where the young girls and the pretty nurse were standing. The bidet was set much higher than perhaps one would normally see in a bathroom. The design was such that the user would have to stand to use it. The shape was also unusual in that that the oblong bowl was tightly waisted, so that the patient's thighs would fit into the indents as they stood astride the bowl.

Sandra ignored his hesitancy and gasp of embarrassment as he saw the nurse and the young girls watching him. Deftly she manoeuvred him until his legs were placed astride the bidet with his penis and testicles hanging down just above the level of the water.

"Hands on your head quickly now." She pronounced sharply as she stood to his side.

He had no sooner lifted his arms, when he felt the cool water splash against his genitals as she quickly soaped her hands. The ignominy of standing naked with his legs astride the bidet as the young schoolgirls watched him, made him blush profusely. He gasped in shame, as nonchalantly he felt the nurse's fingers slip in between the cheeks of his bottom; only to feel an even greater sense of shame as she casually cupped his testicles and penis with her soapy hand.

"Arggh... ooooo oh oh ooohhh."

His utter and complete embarrassment made the young schoolgirls grin openly as the nurse nonchalantly drew the foreskin of his penis back down the shaft as at the same time as she penetrated his bottom with her finger.

Arrggghhhhh." He raised himself on his tiptoes as the nurse vigorously soaped him, both front and back, delighting in the feel of his smooth skin and trembling body. Peter looked upwards to avoid the gaze of the young girls, shamefully aware of the throb between his legs as the nurse deliberately stimulated his penis, her soapy hands pulling his foreskin back tightly, allowing her to apply soap behind the exposed rim.

Peter jerked his hips in distress at the acute sensation. Arching his back in anguish as her finger pushed further up into his bottom. Her actions were so casual and practiced; it was if his shame and his reactions were of little consequence to her.

Sandra was thrilled to feel the first vibrant pulse between her fingers as she stretched his foreskin back, exposing the shaft fully. The heel of her hand rubbed against the sensitive rim of the glans, making him jerk his hips in an involuntary reaction. She firmly pushed her finger up into his bottom, easily penetrating him fully up to her knuckle. His movements were effectively stifled as she handled his young body with a well-practiced expertise.

Peter groaned, looking towards the two young girls in pure embarrassment. It was hope against hope that they had not noticed his burgeoning erection as his penis began to throb incessantly as it was held firmly by the young nurse.

"Oooohhh... please nurse." He cried, as suddenly, she scored her fingernails over the very tip of his penis.

Despite his protestations, she bent her head forward, intimately examining every inch of his pubic area, as she rapidly brought him to a full and humiliating erection. Quickly she withdrew her finger from his bottom and let go of his penis as she proceeded to rinse his genitals with water from the bidet.

She stood back, leaving him standing shamefaced and trembling, his freshly rinsed penis now standing out rigidly from between his legs. His lips were trembling and there were tears in his eyes as the nurse spoke to him.

"Come along Peter; move forward so the nurse can dry you."

He could not believe the shame and humiliation he felt, as he heard the two young girls try and stifle their giggles of amusement. He gasped in embarrassment as the nurse slapped his bottom, moving him forward reluctantly. He could not help the feeling of deep humiliation when he saw the open amusement of the two pretty schoolgirls. Jane moved towards him with a towel in her hands, her pretty face smiling at him as she spoke.

"Right Peter, bend over and grasp your ankles, I want to dry you. Legs well apart, we don't want you getting chapped between your little bottom cheeks now do we?"

Jane thrilled as the boy blushed deeply at her instructions. With his body trembling, he took his hands from his head. He blushed again as he looked down at himself and saw that his penis was standing straight out from his body. Hesitantly he began to bend forward. His distress was further increased as Jane spoke to him again.

"No not like that, turn around so that your bottom is facing me." He blushed mightily as he stood upright and turned to face away from the pretty young nurse. He was acutely aware that the young girls would now have a perfect view of his bottom as he bent over and grasped his ankles. Again he was spared no modesty as Jane spoke to him.

"Come along Peter you can do better than that. I want your legs spread well apart, so that I can get the towel between the cheeks of your bottom. Peter obeyed reluctantly, spreading his legs, while his face burned with shame. Jane spoke, her tone a matter of fact, to the two young girls.

"Right Jocelyn and Nicola, would you stand either side of him and hold his cheeks apart so that I can get access to his bottom. You know how naughty young boys seem to squirm when they are having their bottoms dried." He could not believe his ears at the young nurse's words. He blushed instantly and furiously!

Peter looked at the tiled floor as his head hung down, his whole body trembling with dreaded anticipation of having his cheeks spread apart by the two young schoolgirls. He could not help the gasp of indignity that escaped from his lips as he felt their delicate fingers touch his bottom. He groaned and tried to evade their touch, as each girl slipped both of their hands between his bottom cheeks.

Their fingers reached right into the deep crevice of his buttocks, making him wriggle as they leisurely slid their hands to and fro. He jerked his hips as their fingertips scored over the sensitive opening to his bottom. Suddenly he felt himself being gripped around the waist as Sandra leaned over him and held him firmly, her hand flat against his tummy.

Peter realised that he was unable to move at all, pinioned as he was by the nurse and the two schoolgirls.

In utter humiliation he felt his bottom cheeks being stretched apart; his whole bottom suddenly becoming wide open to view of the young girls and the nurses. He quaked with a sickening embarrassment as one of the schoolgirls suddenly smacked his bottom. Although only a light smack, the indignity of it produced a feeling of dread within his stomach.

"Now keep still, you naughty boy so that the nurses can dry you. Whatever are you going to be like when they dry your little willy?"

Peter had thought that he could feel no greater embarrassment and yet a sudden wave of utter anguish flushed through his entire body, it was if he was cocooned in shame at the young girl's actions and words. He simply could not believe that young schoolgirls would be allowed to see a naked boy, never mind help with something as intimate as this.

Or, he thought, that they would also be allowed to smack him. Incredibly, it seemed that the action of young schoolgirl, smacking his bared bottom, was condoned.

"Well done Jocelyn, you can see how naughty our new border is. He is going to have a lot to learn if he is to avoid a visit to the headmistress in future. Now will you both stretch his cheeks apart as widely as you can?"

Peter grunted and groaned as his buttocks were stretched wide and the towel was plied intimately between the cheeks of his bottom. He felt the nurse reach beneath him, her hand moving nonchalantly between his legs, to seesaw the soft material to and fro.

The ignominy of being held with his bottom cheeks spread open, as he faced the floor, was an utter assault to his sensibilities. He saw his tears drop upon the tiled floor as he wept with shame.

He felt completely helpless, unable to stop the shameful and humiliating exposure of his body to the nurses and two schoolgirls. He shivered and shook as he was made to stand with his legs spread apart while his erect penis was rudely exposed. His torment seemed to be without end, as one nurse retracted his foreskin while the other dried him. His body squirmed and shivered as he tried to deal with the acute sensation of the fluffy towel upon his most delicate flesh.

"Right... Jocelyn and Nicola." Jane addressed the two schoolgirls. "Will you take him to the outfitting department to get his school uniform?"

To both Jocelyn and Nicola's delight, she continued:

"I would like you to stay with him while he is measured and then take him to see the headmistress; she will be in the medical administration office. If he is naughty you have my permission to smack his little bottom. I am sorry that you will have to bear witness to his erection, but unfortunately I do not have time to milk him for a second time, as we are already late with him. He is due to be there by ten-thirty. If you would ask Miss Parfit or Sue and Pamela, in the stores, if they would make sure that he is ready by that time, I would be grateful."

Neither Jocelyn nor Nicola bothered to hide their expressions of delight as they looked at the naked boy. They could see his utter humiliation and were delighted in the fact that they would have the opportunity to see his further embarrassment as he was fitted for his uniform. This was not the first time that the girls had had a naked boy in their charge, but it was the first time that they had seen a naked boy of such outstanding physical beauty.

*

The journey through endless corridors seemed interminable, as Peter walked naked between Jocelyn and Nicola; each girl guiding him with her hand flat against the small of his back. His face was a furious blush of deep red, as the girls deliberately used their authority in a casual and nonchalant manner. First Nicola and then Jocelyn would let their hand slide down over his buttocks, before giving him a gentle but humiliating slap on the bottom.

"Come along... keep up Peter."

He was acutely aware of his shamefully erect penis. He winced as it swung from side, slapping against his thighs as he walked. The gentle touch of their hands upon his waist, coupled with the proximity of their bodies, kept his reluctant sexual sensibilities to the fore.

"Right Peter, we are going into the next door on the right... which is just around the next corner. I want you to stop for a moment so that we can make sure that you are presentable."

Jocelyn had already made up her mind in which area of the corridor she was going to stop the boy. The corridor twisted from left to right through the building and Jocelyn knew that this particular area could not be seen from any of the doorways that led out into the throughway. Nicola leaned her head back and gave Jocelyn a knowing look.

"Yes... we must make sure that you are presentable." She said as she just managed to stifle the giggle that had welled up inside her.

"Now Peter please bend right over and touch your toes!"

The casually spoken instruction had Peter blushing to an even deeper shade of red as he stood still, feeling utterly vulnerable between the two girls. Their hands suddenly pressed against the small of his back as they urged him to bend forward.

"Come along... you can touch your toes... can't you Peter?"

In a haze of embarrassment Peter slowly bent forward. He could feel his cheeks burning with the humiliation he was feeling. One of the girls smacked his bottom with a sharp slap.

"Come along Peter, spread your legs as wide as you can... it will make it easier for you to touch your toes."

Nicola stood back and looked at the boy as he spread his feet apart and touched his toes with the tips of his fingers. It was Jocelyn that smoothed her hand over the hillock of his buttocks, letting her cool fingers trail down between the crevice of his bottom cheeks. She let her hand rest for a moment before sliding her it sensuously and wickedly between his widely spread legs. She thrilled as she let her fingers tease the puckered skin of his scrotum before cupping his testicles in the palm of her hand. She felt another, far stronger, thrill run through her young body as the boy gasped in embarrassment at the sudden indignity.

"Now keep still while Nicola parts your bottom cheeks to make sure that you are nice and clean... just like good little boys should be."

Nicola ignored the groan of embarrassment that escaped from Peter's lips as he felt her fingertips slips between his buttocks. He gasped in shame and indignation as she nonchalantly stretched the quivering flesh so that his sphincter was totally exposed to her gaze. Jocelyn took a firmer grip of his scrotum as she extended the forefinger of her other hand and slid it downwards between the crevice of his bottom. She could feel him shiver as she scored her nail delicately over the puckered ring of flesh at the centre of his bottom.

"Oh... oooh." He gasped as Jocelyn repeated the inspection, wiping over his sphincter with her finger several times as he shivered in humiliation.

"Yes you're fine back here. I am just going to check behind your foreskin. You will have to stand up straight with both hands on your head. Quickly now..." She smacked his bottom with a sharp, open palmed, slap before releasing his testicles and standing back.

Both girls watched as the boy struggled to contain his utter shame. Shivering with humiliation he straightened his body and slowly raised his hands and placed them on top of his head. Jocelyn and Nicola were both delighted that he had remained with his legs wide open.

Jocelyn spoke again. "Right arch your back and look up while we both examine your naughty penis." She sighed in mock resignation as she moved to stand in front of him.

"My, my, Peter... I just can't understand why young boys find it so hard to control their little penises."

Her manner could not have been more casual as she moved closer and looked him in the eye. Her exquisite good looks unnerved him, he could even feel her sweet breath against his cheek as she spoke softly.

"Now keep still and don't fidget while I examine you. Nicola... would you do the honours please?"

Nicola bent down behind him and slipped both hands between his legs. Gently, she lifted his testicles and slid her other hand underneath the shaft of his penis. She heard him gasp as her fingers encircled the rigid flesh.

Quickly she withdrew the foreskin, pulling it back until the skin was tight and the head of his penis was fully exposed. Her cheek was pressed against the boy's bottom as she held him with her fingers firmly grasped around the base of the shaft. She could feel his organ pulse as she stretched his skin tightly.

Almost all of the throbbing head of his penis was left jutting outwards for Jocelyn to do with as she wished.

"Oooohhh."

Peter gasped in complete embarrassment as his penis was fully exposed. Jocelyn knelt down on one knee. She had an amused expression on her face as she touched his penis for the first time, tracing her fingers around the exposed rim of the glans. She saw the boy shudder as she deliberately scored her nails over the opening of the urethra.

"Arggghhh.

Peter gasped in anguish as she proceeded to deliberately stimulate the captured flesh, letting her fingers trail over and around the head of the glans penis. Both girls smiled to themselves when Peter shivered, unable to contain the anguish he felt as, to his utter humiliation, they stimulated his flesh.

Jocelyn flattened her hand and held the outstretched palm against the very tip of his penis. She waited for a moment and then lightly moved her hand in a circular motion over the tip of the urethra. The boy immediately tried to push his bottom backwards in a concentrated effort to escape the exquisite torture.

Nicola, who held him firmly, had anticipated his gyrations. He felt her squeeze his testicles and pull the captured orbs downwards, stretching his foreskin backwards as far as she could, while Jocelyn cruelly continued her torturous stimulation to the tip of his penis.

"Oh, please miss... no more... oh please I can't stand it."

His pleading and anguished cry was so loud that Jocelyn looked around to make sure that no one was approaching.

Suddenly she felt his penis suddenly throb violently. She quickly took her palm away from the tip and watched anxiously until the throbbing subsided. She realised that they had stimulated the boy to the very brink of ejaculation. She placed both hands against his thighs and stood upright.

She could see that his lips were trembling with sensation. He was blushing furiously as she took his hands and gently made him put his arms by his sides.

"Now keep still, while I just have a look at you." Her voice was soft and gentle as she looked into his eyes.

Even through his shame and anguish, Peter was mesmerised by the beauty of the young girl. The look of concern and tenderness upon her face captivated him. 

She proceeded to run her hands over his chest and shoulders, her fingers trailing delicately over his nipples and down to his stomach. She slid her right hand around his waist and grasped his penis with her left. Holding him tightly she kissed him on the lips. She could feel him shiver with sensation as she slowly let her hand slide up his back, delicately stroking his skin, until her hand rested against the nape of his neck.

Holding his head firmly, she pushed her tongue through his lips, roving it intimately around his mouth. She could feel his body shiver and his penis throb as she held him in a loving embrace. As she took her lips away she looked into his face. Her body thrilled as she saw his rapturous expression. His mouth was open and he gulped for breath as his penis throbbed violently against her fingers.

Again Jocelyn released him, hoping that Nicola was not providing any more stimuli to his penis. She stood back and admired his trembling form. He really is delightful, she thought, as she looked into his eyes. Jocelyn thought that his expression was that of a swooning fawn; certainly her kiss had touched a very deep emotion within him.

"Have you never been kissed by a girl before?" Her face not concealing the wry amusement she felt at his look of abject love and supplication. "I can see that we girls will have to take you in hand." She looked at Nicola who had released his penis and testicles and was now standing with her hands against his waist. She looked over his shoulder at Jocelyn and made a funny expression.

Jocelyn stifled her grin and became serious. "Now Peter, it seems obvious that your penis is no softer than when we started out, so I am afraid you will have to be measured for your new uniform with your little willy sticking out... is that what you would like to do?"

He blushed, his face a mixture of emotion as he looked at the stunningly beautiful girl.

"Oh please, no miss. I am so ashamed at being seen like this... erm, I..." He did not complete the sentence as Jocelyn reached forward and took his arm.

"Sorry sweetheart, but we have to hurry now... come along." She stood back and looked him up and down as if to confirm her impression of his how his body looked.

Quickly both girls took up their positions at each side of the blushing boy and started him walking. Lazily, Jocelyn and Nicola let their hands trail down over his buttocks, both girls propelling him along the wide corridor and around the corner.

*

The outfitting room was large and very reminiscent of the old school outfitters of the nineteen forties. Two large wooden counters divided the room, both with glass fronts; they displayed shirts, socks and skirts. On top of the counters were piles of tee shirts, pullovers and other varied items of school clothing. Clothes racks stood in the middle of the room, many of the racks were empty as their stocks had been depleted with the start of the new term.

Several hard-backed wooden chairs were scattered around the room as well as two padded combinations of seat and footstool, which were used for trying on shoes. A padded bench, which had no obvious use, had been stood in the middle of the room.

There were several racks around the walls, from which were hanging school blazers and skirts. Two of the racks, which stood forward of these, were hung with short white trousers. Unlike most school- wear, the trouser material was no thicker than that of the white cotton blouses and shirts, which hung next to them.

The short trousers were hung from slim leather bracers, which were attached to buttons inside their waistbands. There were no linings to the cotton of the trousers, instead silken under-shorts hung inside from loops, which were hooked over the bracers.

The trousers themselves were unusual in two ways. One was the fact that the waistbands seemed overly wide for the size of the trouser and two, that the row of buttons, which fastened the fly of the garments, extended further down than would be usual. The silk under-shorts had no fastenings to the front opening and the opening itself extended right down to the seam of the crotch.

Susan and Pamela were leaning on one of the counters. Their pretty features were animated as they conversed with each other. They were both wearing pale blue smock-dresses which were tailored to a very short style; the hem finishing just above mid thigh. The dresses were fastened with a row of buttons running down the front from the low V of the neckline to the hem.

At a cursory glance, both Pamela and Susan could have been taken for sisters. Both young girls had the slender, long legged figures of fashion models. They had dark, almost black, hair, which was cut fashionably short and showed off the fine bone structure that was a common feature to of both of them.

Sue and Pamela had a keen interest in fashion and... as the schoolgirls were all from extremely wealthy families, they could indulge their passion for haut couture of the highest order. As befitted their jobs, of dressing the girls of the school for numerous social occasions, they were both excellent seamstresses and fitters.

Their handling of the young boys of the school required very little of their skills as seamstresses. The boys' day-to-day wear was available, ready made, to the schools specification in a variety of sizes from outside suppliers. Susan and Pamela made the more immodest garments up 'in-house'. On the rare occasions when the boys had visitors, their clothing would be tailor-made grey trousers and blazer, with white shirt and school tie.

Both Susan and Pamela's make-up was immaculately applied and reflected the young girls' interest in the latest fashionable cosmetics. The base colour of their faces was a very light, almost pale cream, complimented by bright red lipstick and deep eye shadow.

The exquisite 'look' of the two girls was one of a cool and haughty superiority. This fashionable façade had all the young boys at the school blushing the moment the young girls looked at them. Both girls were well aware of the, even greater, embarrassment they elicited from new boys who had to visit the department for the first time.

Their supervisor, Miss Parfit, was still in her office as the girls waited somewhat impatiently for the arrival of the new boy. Any visit to the outfitters by one of the schoolboys, was a delight for Sue and Pamela. Whereas they would treat all the schoolgirls with due deference and respect... with the boys it was another matter entirely! Although neither girl had ever received instruction or rulings on how they should treat the young boys at Rochville, they had soon learned from their supervisor, what their required behaviour was.

Over the two years that they had been working at Rochville they had had the opportunity to hone their skills in humiliating young boys. It had not taken them long to discover that they were allowed to measure the boys while they were naked. Of course the very nature of their work, measuring and fitting the boys with the various items of their uniforms, gave them every opportunity to fondle, arouse and belittle the boys in such a way as to make the ensuing erection seem to be the boy's own fault entirely.

The resultant treatment of a young boy who was displaying an erection had come as a shock to them the first time they had witnessed and helped Miss Parfit with her remedy. Now it had become one of the highlights of their day; as they would ensure that at least one or two of the boys would have to attend for some reason or other.

Over the years, rather than censure, Miss Parfit had praised the girls in their handling of the young boys at Rochville. Often she would instruct a boy to adopt an embarrassing position for a measurement that was entirely unnecessary, just so that the girls would have an opportunity to arouse and stimulate him in a new or novel way.

*

Peter could not have said why he blushed again as they stopped at the tall wooden door that led to the outfitting department. Subconsciously however, it was obviously the prospect of further humiliation. Knowing that people would be seeing him for the first time, not only naked but with his penis shamefully erect.

He looked towards Jocelyn as she knocked twice before proceeding to open the door. He might have saved his blushes for his entrance! He was pushed forward firmly and led by his arms to stand naked in the centre of the room. His humiliation knew no bounds as he walked forward, his penis wobbling and saying to and fro as reluctantly, he allowed himself to be moved into position. His face had immediately flushed to a bright crimson the moment he had caught sight of Susan and Pamela.

The girls had giggled openly as they first caught sight of him, their slender hands quickly covering their pretty mouths as they looked at the naked young boy. Their eyes glanced down at his erect penis and then up to his face, causing the colour of his cheeks to deepen even further. Purple blotches suffused his cheeks as he lowered his head in shame.

Pamela looked at the schoolgirls, her face acknowledging them with a bright smile, which suddenly turned into another giggle.

"Hi Joss... Nick... what have you brought us? My word he seems to be in a state." She turned to Peter. "Well little boy... don't you know you are not supposed to have a stiff willy. Just look at you... how on earth are we supposed to dress you when you are like that?"

Pamela seemed satisfied with the answering blush and look of deep embarrassment on the boy's face. She watched him drop his gaze and look down at his bare feet upon the wooden floor. Peter suddenly realised that as Jocelyn and Nicola had moved backwards, that he was now firmly under the charge of the two young girls from the outfitting department.

It was Sue's turn to speak next. She picked up her tape measure and stood in front of the boy.

"Well sweetheart... we are going to measure you for your school kit... so stand up straight and place both of your hands upon the top of your head."

She put her hand under his chin and raised his head so that she could look into his face.

"When we tell you to do something... you have to do it straight away. Let me show you..." She moved around him and slapped him hard upon his buttocks with the open palm of her hand.

"Now do you see sweetie... hands upon your head... now." She slapped him quickly three times, delighting in the reddened imprint of her hand across the cheeks of his bottom.

"Ooohhh... I'm sorry miss."

Peter stood up straight and raised his arms, placing his hands flat upon his head. The smacks had not hurt him to any extent, but the shame of being spanked in front of everyone was so shameful that he trembled from head to foot. He felt tears well up in his eyes as he stood with his back arched and his face looking forward.

"There that's better. Now we understand each other, don't we?" She moved to stand in front of him again and looked into his eyes. "I am going to measure you from top to toe... every little bit of you, including this stiff little willy of yours."

He was aware that the other girl had taken a clipboard and had moved to stand at his side.

Sue moved forward so that her body was actually touching his. Her soft breasts pressed against his chest as she deliberately let the tip of his erect penis graze against the starched cotton of her dress. She looked into his eyes, her sardonic expression unnerving him, as she looked into his face. Nonchalantly she let her hand locate his penis while still holding his full attention with her gaze.

She watched him blush as he looked at her guiltily. His lips were trembling and he had an apprehensive look across his face. She looked at him, smiling mischievously as she wrapped her fingers around his erect penis and squeezed.

"Well lets get started shall we?" She held him for almost a minute, her hand squeezing his penis in short sharp bursts of pressure. He trembled as he stood obediently in front of her with his hands shamefully upon his head while she held his penis. At last her fingers stopped squeezing him and to his horror he felt his penis began to throb of its own volition.

She let him go and stood back. Taking the tape, she slipped her hand between the crook of his elbow and his head, passing her other hand around the opposite side to take the end of measuring tape.

She measured the circumference of his head, touching the ends of the tape together at the centre of his forehead. Her hands gently trailed against his blushing cheeks as she took the tape away and called out the measurement to her friend Pamela

"Now then... Pamela is going to take down your measurements as I call them out. Don't you dare fidget or fuss... do you understand me? Come along I expect an answer."

Peter was trembling as he stood naked before the young girl. He was acutely aware of the interested gaze of all the girls as he nervously answered her.

"Oh yes miss. I will do as you say... I am sorry for being like this... oh really miss I am." His voice was faltering as he spoke... his utter humiliation was causing him great distress.

Peter stood shivering as Sue proceeded with her work. Her hands smoothed over his skin as she measured the various parts of his body. Sometimes she would reach around him with her body pressing tightly against his. Other times she would gently touch him with her cheek as she slipped the tape around his body. She made sure that each measurement included some intimate contact with his naked body. Each gentle touch was designed to deliberately stimulate the boy. Finally she bent down on one knee and looked up at him, waiting until he felt impelled to meet her gaze. She smiled to herself as she looked into his glistening eyes and observed his expression of pure humiliation.

"Now young man... spread your legs wide... I want to measure you down here." Peter shuffled his legs apart as far as he could. He was afraid that if he hesitated she would smack him again.

He was trembling in helpless shame and humiliation as she casually lifted the tape upwards towards the juncture of his thighs. She let the back of hand gently smooth against his bulging scrotum, lifting his testicles as she placed the tip of the measure against his perineum. She extended the other end against his ankle before moving it to the inside of the other leg. Peter was acutely aware that her face was only millimetres away from his throbbing penis as she went about her work.

Suddenly he gasped as she let the tape measure drop to the floor and cupped his testicles in the palm of her hand. He looked up and groaned with embarrassment as she kneaded his captive orbs. To his amazement she called out to Pamela.

"Large... I should say, although that could possibly change when his milking assessment has got underway."

Sue stood up and went to the counter and took a white tee shirt from one of the piles, she held it front of the naked boy.

"Here put this tee shirt on and let's see how it fits." Peter looked at her nervously as she gestured for him to take his hands from his head.

"Come along quickly now, we have a lot to get through." Peter quickly obeyed, thankful that perhaps he was to be allowed to dress.

Sue watched Pamela as she moved to one of the racks and took a pair of white short trousers with bracers attached. She waited until the boy had put the tee shirt on, noticing that it fitted him tightly, with the hem coming down to just above his pubis. Pamela loved how the hem fitted snugly around the lower part of his narrow waist. She watched as Sue reached forward to place her fingers between the hem and the skin checking for fit around both the front and back.

Sue spoke to the boy as she stood back.

"That is a very good fit Peter. You can try your short trousers on now. She waited for Pamela to hand them to the boy. "There is no need to undo the buttons Peter. They are designed to fit loosely, that is why they have bracers. You will notice that the underwear is attached by loops around the bracers. You will be provided with two pairs of short trousers per day, which you will change at lunchtimes. We will also be making you some blazers; long trousers etc. for your visiting wear. Come along then step into your trousers and let's have a look at you."

She stood next to him and steadied him as he lifted first one foot and then the other into the trousers. He pulled them up, blushing as they neared his erect penis. Sue stepped forward and took the hem of the trousers and nonchalantly took hold of his penis, bending it sideways as she slipped the hem easily past his protruding erection. She could see his face flush with embarrassment as she took his arms and passed them through the bracers and slipped the straps over his shoulders.

Peter could not believe his eyes as he looked down at the short trousers. How could they possibly expect an eighteen year old boy to have to wear short trousers.

The girl stood back and looked at the fit of the trousers. She could see that Peter was puzzled by the gaping waistband and of course shamed by his erection as it tented the material at the front of the thin cotton trouser. "Well I think that is an ideal fit. Jocelyn... would you just try checking him please?"

To Peter's utter dismay, Jocelyn stepped forward and without a moments hesitation slipped her hand down the front of his trousers. Her forearm had ample room to reach inside the waistband without hindrance.

Peter blushed profusely as Jocelyn reached right down inside the trousers, her hand moving easily down between his legs and cupping his bulging scrotum. She squeezed his testicles gently before taking hold of the shaft of his penis and stretching the foreskin backwards. She ignored his gasps as she held his penis with the skin stretched tight, feeling it pulse as she moved the head against the silk underwear.

"Oh do keep still Peter, you will have to get very used to this sort of treatment." She loosened her grip and patting his penis once, withdrew her hand from his trousers.

"Would you do the same Nicola, please?" Sue asked as she turned her head and smiled mischievously at the young schoolgirl.

Nicola moved towards the boy, noting the expression of horror on his face as she spoke to him.

"Hands on your head boy and legs spread for inspection please." Peter looked aghast as Nicola spoke to him sternly.

"Do as you are told immediately. That is the standard position for inspection. Now go to it, legs spread wide and hands upon your head. I am going to examine you front and back. Now keep still and stay in position."

She watched as Peter reluctantly adopted the prescribed position. The stricken boy's face had a look of horror as she moved to his side and placed one hand on his tummy and the other on the small of his back. Simultaneously she pushed both hands down inside the waistband of his trousers.

With one hand in the front and the other in the back she roamed her hands around inside the loose fitting short trousers, grasping his penis while her other hand explored between the crease of his bottom. She could feel that his penis was throbbing with sensation as she held it firmly between her slender fingers. She let her right hand slip between the deep crevice between the cheeks of his bottom and pressed her fingertips firmly against his sphincter. She thrilled with delight at her cruel control over the beautiful young boy.

Mischievously she teased his sphincter with the very tip of her finger, feeling the ring of muscle recoil at her touch. She spoke quite nonchalantly as she addressed both Sue and Pamela.

"Yes there seems to be plenty of room for him to be checked for an erection... and of course the material is quite delicate so that you can see his erection immediately. The boy will have no chance of hiding it. All in all, I would say these trousers are a perfect fit."

It was Pamela that took over as Nicola slipped her hands out of the boy's trousers and stood back.

"Right Peter let's have you undressed so that we can fit you for your sports wear." Without preamble she slipped the bracers from his shoulders and watched delightedly as his trousers dropped to the floor, allowing his penis to spring forth.

"Now let's have your shirt off so that we can get you nice and bare."

Peter was blushing mightily as the girl slipped the tee shirt over his head and replaced his hands on his head before standing back to take a small and extremely brief jock strap from off the top of the counter.

The cloth was made of white silk and looked rather like a standard jockstrap, apart from the design of the enclosure for the boy's genitals. Instead of the normal hammock style, the material broadened out from the front straps widening so that they attached at the sides, as did the back.

The ends of the ribbons had small patches of white Velcro attached. As Pamela moved towards the boy she looked down at his erect penis, noticing that it was bobbing up and down as it throbbed, seemingly of its own volition.

"Oh Peter... I am afraid I can't put this on you with your penis like that. I am afraid I will have to call Miss Parfit to deal with you. It is very naughty to have an erection."

Her voice softened a little.

"Mind you I suppose you have not had your milking assessment carried out yet. Have you been milked today? Have you had your testicles emptied by anyone? Come along answer me."

Peter looked askance. He just could not believe that such a young girl could be so nonchalant as she talked about his penis and testicles.

"Oh er please miss, I am so sorry... er the nurse ... er... I mean at the medical centre ... er... miss the nurse er... made me er..."

His voice trailed off, such was his embarrassment. He just blushed and dropped his head in utter shame. Holding the flimsy jockstrap in her other hand she moved forward and grasped his penis. She squeezed the captured flesh between finger and thumb.

"I am sorry Peter but I will have to report this to Miss Parfit." She let go of him and turned away, replacing the ribbon-like cloth back onto the counter top. She strode off and exited through the doorway at the end of the room, which led into the outfitting administration office. Peter was left with his head hanging in shame as the girls giggled at his plight. He did not know what to

Moments later Pamela emerged. She looked at the other girls and gestured to the doorway behind her. Immediately all of the girls stood up straight and placed their hands modestly in front of them.

Miss Parfit strode quickly from her office doorway. She gave Sue and Pamela a cursory smile and waved her hand at Jocelyn and Nicola in greeting. She stopped in front of Peter and placed her hands upon her hips, as she looked him up and down, before her gaze settled upon his erect penis. She made no comment, instead turning her head towards her two young assistants; she motioned her head towards an empty wooden clothes racks.

Miss Parfit was a woman of forty years. Her exceptional bone structure and the beautiful symmetry of her features, made her look more like she was in her late twenties. Her fashion-model style figure was trim and shapely. Her well-toned legs were bared to mid thigh beneath the hem of a tightly waisted tunic dress. The leather strips of her thong sandals criss-crossed upwards around her shapely calves. Peter felt himself blushing to a deep crimson as she appraised his naked body.

The two young girls had nodded towards Miss Parfit and without a word, wheeled the rack into the centre of the room. The rack was of a sturdy construction, consisting of an oblong tray, which was supported on four large metal castors. At either side of the tray, two sturdy wood beams ascended to be joined across by a metal tubular rod, where, in normal circumstances, clothing hangers would be suspended.

Miss Parfit looked at Peter and spoke curtly.

"We can't measure you in that state, young man, you will have to be milked. Go and stand in front of that rack. Sue and Pamela will position you."

She did not wait for any reaction from the young boy; instead she turned back towards her office and left Peter standing in the middle of the room blushing furiously.

Immediately Sue and Pamela took his arms and moved him forward. In a deft practiced manner they positioned him with his hands grasping the rail of the rack. They made him stand back with his legs spread wide apart, a position that left him leaning forward with the top of his head almost touching the cross beam.

He did not hear Miss Parfit re-enter the room, instead he caught a glimpse of a medical trolley as it was wheeled into view. He turned his head to watch in shame as Miss Parfit manoeuvred it until it was placed conveniently at his side. The trolley surface was filled with open jars, a box of rubber gloves, several plastic specimen cups as well as a variety of stainless steel medical instruments.

"Now... young man let's have no fuss from you." Without further words she moved out of his sight and stood behind him. Without any warning she smacked him on the bottom.

"Keep still while you are being spanked Peter, failure to do so can lead you to a caning and I believe you have already seen how painful that can be."

She proceeded to smack his bottom, hearing him gasp with shame and indignation as she kept up a steady rhythm until both cheeks of his bottom were thoroughly reddened. Again it was the shame of the spanking rather than any pain that had him trembling. He felt a deep sense of embarrassment suffuse his entire body as she stopped spanking him and laid her hand on his shoulder.

"Spanking young boys is quite customary here Peter, you will always be spanked before you are to be milked, so you shouldn't feel too ashamed. Now I want you to keep still and not move while I attend to you."

Miss Parfit gave the boy no explanation as to why boys were always spanked.

Peter flushed a bright red as he watched her move around to his side and deftly don a pair of the rubber gloves. She began to lubricate her fingers in a deliberate almost sensual way, while at the same time she appraised his naked body.

After a few moments she finished her preparations and moved to stand behind him again. Peter shivered as he felt her cool, gloved hand, being placed upon his hip. He gasped in pure embarrassment when her hand slipped quickly over his hipbone and she reached around to grasp his erect penis.

She immediately drew the foreskin forward, squeezing the head of his penis beneath the foreskin. Ignoring his gasps... and without preamble, she slipped her other hand between the cheeks of his bottom. The movements of her fingers were practiced and precise as she immediately sought the opening of his sphincter.

"Argggggghhhhhhh." He groaned in utter distress as she skilfully impaled him in one deft movement. Her slender finger seemed to be straight and rigid as it moved upwards through the sensitive opening of his bottom. He suddenly felt his arms being held firmly by Pamela, who had stood in front of the rail and covered his hands with her own, pinioning him to the rack.

He raised his head only to see her smile mischievously at him, watching him buck violently as his bottom was penetrated. He gasped in utter exasperation as suddenly a second finger was slipped upwards through his sphincter. He shivered uncontrollably as Miss Parfit's fingers roamed freely inside his bottom. His chest was heaving as he drew in deep breaths. He could not contain his emotions as Miss Parfit expertly and callously plundered his sexual senses.

Peter threw his head back in anguish, aware of his gyrations being observed by the pretty young assistant. She held his hands firmly while Miss Parfit prodded his prostate gland. He shivered reluctantly as his foreskin was expertly retracted, the skin pulled back tightly to display him fully to the watching girls. Dexterously Miss Parfit manipulated her fingers up and over the exposed glans causing him to jerk his hips backwards, only to have his bottom penetrated even more deeply as her fingers prodded and probed his prostate.

Peter was soon shivering and shaking in sexual torment. Her skill and experience in arousing the young boy had him taken him almost to the brink of ejaculation.

Miss Parfit looked towards Sue as she felt the boy's sphincter suddenly contract against her fingers.

"Testicles and cup please Susan, quickly now."

She added further shame as she spoke to him.

"There we are, try and keep still now... you young boys make so much fuss at having your little penises milked." Miss Parfit's voice was cool and calm as Peter shivered in the throes of deep emotion.

Her manner was brusque and matter of fact as her hand slid expertly up and down the shaft of his throbbing penis. She knew that keeping the rim of the glans exposed while she stimulated it was almost unbearable for young boys, yet she ignored his protestations.

Miss Parfit watched as Susan knelt down beside the naked boy and took the cap off a plastic specimen jar.

It felt to Peter that the entire nerve endings of his body were being stretched to breaking point. He cried out in anguish unable to contain his emotions as he suddenly felt Susan's hand encase his scrotum. He shivered and shuddered as her fingers enveloped the soft orbs and squeezed.

Miss Parfit felt the boy's sphincter contract violently. Immediately she increased her stimulation inside his bottom as she firmed the grip of her strokes over the head of his glans. She smiled down at Susan as she made sure that she had the specimen cup in place.

Peter's body was suddenly frozen in a rigid seizure as he began to ejaculate violently. Semen erupted from the tip of his penis, jetting in thick milky globules, into the waiting cup.

Sue looked in awe at the violence of his orgasm. She had seen many boys being milked, but never before had she seen a boy have such an agonising and violent ejaculation. She could feel his testicles almost draw up into his body as he spurted into the cup. Each emission was evacuated with deep and agonising muscular contractions.

Even Miss Parfit realised how deeply the boy was responding to her ministrations. However, she did not allow any let-up in the completeness of her milking; instead she thrust her fingers against his prostate and scored the fingertips over the pulsing gland. Her voice was quite calm as she chided him.

"Keep still you naughty child, I must have a thorough ejaculation from you." She turned her head and looked down at Susan who was kneeling, diligently capturing his semen in the specimen cup, while still holding his testicles firmly in her hand.

"Ooooophh... hoooo...hooo arggghhh hoooooo." Peter gasped and groaned. His body was stretched to the limit of his endurance. His almost continuous ejaculation seemed to go on forever. The fingers within his bottom seemed to encourage and spur each violent emission.

The control of his body had been completely taken over by the expert and dexterous arousal of his sexual organs by Miss Parfit. Her skilful and almost cruel manipulation of his penis and prostate gland had the young boy gasping and groaning with utter abandon. His mouth hung open and he gasped for air while ejaculating helplessly into the waiting cup.

"Hooo oo... oh pleease nooo more."

His cries went unheeded as Miss Parfit ran her fingers upwards from the very base of the shaft of his penis, deftly coaxing yet another tortured emission from the young boy.

He was near to fainting as she elicited the last drops of semen upwards from the very depths of his sexual glands. Her fingers seemingly probed and explored every inch of his body with such consummate skill that he was near to oblivion. He shivered in anguish as she squeezed the last drop of semen from the tip of his penis, her delicate hand pinching the very tip of the glans to allow the globule to drop into the specimen cup.

She let go of his penis and placed her hand firmly against his stomach, holding him tightly as she swiftly withdrew her slender fingers from his sphincter.

She heard him expel his breath in a mighty shudder, feeling his body shake uncontrollably as he tried to marshal his senses. She looked across at Jocelyn and Nicola, noting their avid and prurient interest in the young boy. She raised her hand and brought the open palm smartly down against the cheeks of his bottom. She heard him gasp and groan in embarrassment as she slapped his bottom several times.

"Come and give me a hand to lay him on the bench. I want him on his back with his legs held up... so that I can clean his bottom and penis of lubricant. Do you think you could manage that for me?"

Jocelyn and Nicola nodded vigorously, aware that this would be a further opportunity to get their young hands upon the boy.

The girls marched him towards the bench. They seemingly ignored his gasps of protest as they sat him down on the end of the bench and swiftly laid him back. He was shivering profusely as they hoisted his legs up and backwards with his knees almost touching his chest. Perfunctorily, Miss Parfit took several medicated wipes to his bottom and genitals. She handled him as if her actions were nothing more than a necessary chore, hiding her delight at the view of his naked body and his utter humiliation.

The two young assistants gave him no time to rest as they gestured for Jocelyn and Nicola to get him up from the bench. Peter blushed and shivered in embarrassment and confusion as he was made to stand with his hands placed upon the top of his head and his legs spread wide apart.

He groaned in humiliation as Pamela knelt on one knee if front of him and casually cupped his testicles in her hand.

"Now keep still while I fit your sports strap..."

Her hand lifted the swollen orbs as she exclaimed.

"... well I never... your testicles are still swollen. Now try and keep your little penis soft, otherwise Miss Parfit will have to milk you again."

Peter shuddered in dread as she hefted his testicles in the palm of her hand. It was if she was demonstrating their size and weight to the two young schoolgirls. Eventually she let him go and took the silk in both hands.

"Now keep still." She admonished as she slipped the top section of the ribbon around his waist and fastened the Velcro together. She let the remaining strips hang down over his buttocks.

The strips formed into a V shape and then broadening out into the inverted triangle of cloth, as it hung between his legs. Pamela was delighted in her handling of the naked young boy. She found it so thrilling, that she always prolonged the measuring and fitting of the young boys at the school. She was quite expert in arousing them, her seemingly quite innocent touching of their bodies as she dressed or undressed them, always resulted in their having to be milked.

She grasped the triangle of material and nonchalantly cupped his testicles in one hand while she took the cloth and made sure that the joining of the two straps reached the perineum. She held the narrow part of the triangle against the rear of his scrotum and drew the wider silk triangle over his testicles and drew it upward.

She noticed that his penis, although more flaccid, was still engorged. She flipped the plump shaft with her fingertips as she pulled the material upwards and held it against his groin above the tip of his penis. Deftly she snapped the two Velcro fasteners to the waistband at either side of his hips. Her face showed amusement as she knelt back to admire her handiwork.

The jockstrap looked extremely brief and yet the wide triangle of material was quite loose, gaping open just above the bulge of his genitals. The front straps followed the crease at the top of each thigh towards his hips. The Velcro held the straps tight allowing the inverted triangle of silk to sag open above his penis.

She looked up at his blushing face as she spoke.

"Well Peter, you won't want to be getting an erection while you are dressed like this, otherwise your little willy will poke out of the top."

She reached forward while watching his blushing face and slipped her fingers down the front of the jock strap.

"There do you see what I mean? Now I want you to start running on the spot. I want you to try and touch your chest with your knees, so you will have to put some effort into it."

Pamela stood up and moved back to stand next to Susan and Miss Parfit. Jocelyn and Nicola both moved further to the sides so that they too could have an unobstructed view of the young boy.

Peter was blushing profusely as he started to run on the spot. He felt utterly foolish as he started to run, raising his knees higher as he began to get into the rhythm.

"Come along." It was Miss Parfit's sharp clear voice that uttered the instruction. "I want those knees higher while I check you sports-strap. Come along higher than that... I can easily give you a proper smack-bottom you know."

Peter began breathing heavily as he strained to make his knees go as high as he possibly could. The girls were delighted as they watched his embarrassed movements. Miss Parfit walked around him as he strained to keep running on the spot with his knees gaining as much height as he could manage. His bare feet padded against the wood floor as he continued with his exercise.

"Right that will do. You have done a very good job girls. Now will you take it off for me Susan and I will get the rest of his straps made up for him by the end of the day."

She looked at Peter and moved forward so that she could place her hand under his chin. She lifted his head so that he was looking her straight in the eye.

"When Susan has taken your sports-strap off I want you to start running on the spot again. You will see what a difference it makes when your genitals are unprotected. It is very important that you do not damage your testicles... so you will always ask the sports mistress, or whoever is supervising you, to put it on for you. Now spread your legs wide for Susan please."

She stayed for a moment as Susan bent down in front of the boy and unfastened the Velcro straps at either side of his waist, letting the material hang down between his legs. The boy blushed as his genitals were bared to their gaze. Deftly Susan unfastened the waistband and took the material from him. She saw him blush again, this time profusely; as his penis dropped down to hang full and swollen between his widely spread legs.

She could see the look of abject embarrassment upon his face as she placed her hand between his legs and looked up into his face. The boy could not help watching her as she gently cupped his testicles and pulled them forward. Holding his scrotum firmly in her hand, she looked into his eyes.

"Well Peter...aren't you grateful for all the trouble we are taking over you?"

Peter blushed and stammered as the young girl held him firmly. "Erm... yes Miss... er thank you miss."

Susan smiled at him as she let go of his testicles and then to his utter dismay, took his penis in her hand and pushed the foreskin back, exposing him fully to the interested gaze of Jocelyn and Nicola. She turned her head to look at the young schoolgirls.

"His penis is still somewhat engorged, even after he has just been milked. I think the staff will have to keep a very watchful eye on this young man."

She let go of his penis, tapping the tip with her fingers as she watched his blushing countenance.

To Peter it seemed utterly incongruous that a young girl, little older than himself, should have the authority to take complete control over him. He looked at Miss Parfit to see if she would protest on his behalf, only to see her nod towards the young girl, as if she was in complete agreement with Susan's comments.

"Yes Peter", Miss Parfit looked at him sternly as she spoke. "You will do well to remember the punishment session you witnessed this morning. Little boys who play with their penises are severely punished here at Rochville. Now tell me truthfully young man. Have you ever played with your penis?"

Peter flushed to a deep crimson as Miss Parfit looked at him. He was so embarrassed he could hardly manage to speak and yet the thought of being unjustly accused gave him the courage to answer her.

"Oh... please no Miss. I promise... really I do. I have never done anything like that... please... really miss."

His protestations seemed to satisfy the beautiful young woman. She smiled at him and her voice became gentler.

"I am pleased to hear you say that Peter. If you are a good boy and obey all the rules, you will have nothing to fear."

Susan looked up at him and smiled at him mischievously as she deliberately placed her hand on the inside of his thigh, as she stood upright.

"Right off you go, just as Miss Parfit has said. Knees nice and high... and then you will be able to experience what it feels like without the aid of a sports-strap." Again Susan smirked at him as she stood back and waited for him to start the exercise.

Peter felt utterly foolish as he began to lift his feet and start running on the spot. He flushed to a deep shade of red as he suddenly realised that his penis was slapping against his thighs as he reluctantly raised each leg in turn. His face was bright red with embarrassment and physical effort as the girls and Miss Parfit looked down at his genitals. The girls watched avidly as his penis began to swell in girth and length as the sting of it being slapped against his thighs stimulated it.

The room was silent apart from his breathing and the slap of his feet upon the solid wood floor. His face was a testimony to the utter embarrassment he felt as his penis began to stiffen. He did not dare to look down at himself. He was acutely aware of his nakedness in front of all the girls and the constant slapping of his genitals against his thighs. As his penis grew even stiffer, it began to sway and bump against his legs, rather than slap from side to side. He looked towards Miss Parfit helplessly as she stood back and watched him. Her beautiful face betrayed no emotion as she let him continue with his embarrassing display.

After a while she raised her hand for him to stop. As if on cue, all the girls looked down at his groin. Peter could not help following their gaze, blushing as he saw that his penis was now fully erect and standing outwards from his body. He fought the desire to cover himself with his hands as he looked down in horror at what he saw. The foreskin had moved backwards along the shaft of his penis, revealing the head of the glans. The glistening head was clearly visible to everyone. He shivered with humiliation, as he stood naked in front of the four pretty young girls and the beautiful Miss Parfit.

Miss Parfit spoke to him; her voice was now far more kindly, as she observed his utter distress.

"Now Peter, you can see what happens when you exercise without the aid of a sports strap. Your penis is stimulated by slapping against your thighs... and of course your testicles are unprotected which could be very painful."

She turned towards Pamela and spoke quite casually, knowing that her instructions would more than please her young assistant.

"If you would milk him for me Pamela, I would be most grateful. I have a lot of work to do in my office and it will probably take me all afternoon to get through it. He will probably need a little more stimulation before you milk him... so if you could enlist the aid of the rest of the girls to help you. After that I would like you to take both semen samples through to the medical centre and then take the boy through to the Medical Administration Office."

She turned her full attention to Peter. Her expression was one of kindness as she addressed the trembling boy.

"Now Peter, I can see that you are somewhat embarrassed by your condition. However I require you to be well behaved while my girls deal with you. Miss Susan is going to take you over her knee so that you are comfortable while she smacks your bottom and then Miss Pamela will extract a specimen of semen from you. If you make a fuss, you will be in breach of the school rules and you will certainly be severely punished for it. So you would do well to remember the punishments that you witnessed this morning before you decide to misbehave."

Her face softened even more as she saw a tear roll down his cheek.

"Now Sweetheart just do as you are told and you will be fine. Miss Susan and Miss Pamela will take very good care of you."

She placed her fingers against his blushing cheek and stroked the soft skin. She could see that her gesture of tenderness had caused even more tears to well up in his eyes. She looked into his face, noting his extreme good looks.

'He certainly is something special,' she thought, as she stood back and admired his naked body once more. She could not help herself as she reached out and took the tip of his penis delicately between her finger and thumb. She could feel the timid flesh pulse as she casually slipped the foreskin back until it was stretched tight.

"Now remember Peter, be a good little boy while you are being milked."

Miss Parfit ignored the look of horror on his face, instead she squeezed his penis and tapped the throbbing flesh, watching it bounce up and down before she turned away and abruptly walked back through the doorway leading to her office.

Susan smirked quite openly at the young boy as soon as Miss Parfit had turned her back. Peter seemed to look around wildly for help, his face blushing furiously as he saw the predatory expressions on all of the young girls' faces.

Nicola spoke first, her innocent expression belying the utter thrill she felt as she moved towards the boy.

Although Miss Parfit had shown concern for the boy's feelings, Nicola was not going to let him off the hook so easily. She could not have said why she found his embarrassment so thrilling, but she knew that she enjoyed it so intensely that she was determined to extract every vestige of excitement she could from her present position of authority.

"Peter, go and fetch that chair. That one..." she pointed. "I want you to place it here in the middle of the room so that Susan can sit down and take you over her knees."

She saw the deep flush of colour start from his neck and seemingly rush upwards until his face was suffused in a deep crimson blush. She watched his naked body as he timidly moved toward the hard wooden chair. His unblemished skin shone under the lights of the room as he stumbled to do her bidding. His body looked perfectly proportioned, the muscles of his legs flexing as he lifted the chair.

All the girls seemed to concentrate their gaze upon his smoothly shaven groin as he timidly placed the chair in the centre of the room.

Susan quickly moved towards the chair, taking a firm hold of his arm as she sat down. She did not look up at him; instead she deftly undid the three bottom buttons of her tunic dress with her free hand, watching as the material fell away to either side of her thighs. Her legs were smooth and firm, her skin shining with a healthy glow as she undid another button and bared her legs fully.

Peter could not help looking down at her shapely thighs as she swept the material of her dress aside. He shook with embarrassment as she took a tighter grip upon his arm and pulled him around until he was standing at her side with his knees almost touching her outer thigh.

At last she looked up at him. A thrill of triumph ran though her delicate frame as she raised her free hand and waited for his full attention before placing her fingers delicately around the shaft of his penis.

"Arrggghhh." He gasped as her fingers closed over the shaft of his throbbing organ.

"Oh dear Peter... you are not going to make a fuss are you. I would hate to have to see you caned as severely as the other boys were this morning. I saw the last boy get six of the best. It is really painful when they hold you in place after you have been caned. The pain just builds up until you can't bear it any longer. Sometimes the boys scream and scream with pain, even before they have finished being caned. I am sure you wouldn't like that to happen to you... now would you?"

She squeezed his throbbing flesh, feeling the organ pulse between her fingers, as she said the last words. She delighted in his expression of horror as she drew him closer by pulling on his penis.

"Now I want you to bend right over until you are lying across my knees. Put your hands on the floor... there that's the way. I want you to try and push your bottom up so that I can get you nicely positioned for your spanking."

Her words made Peter blush so profusely, that he could feel the heat emanating from his cheeks. He could not believe how casual and nonchalant the girl's behaviour was as she pulled his penis forward. He felt utterly humiliated as her cool fingers gripped his throbbing member. His abject embarrassment made him shiver in shame as she bent him over her knees. He could not have explained how utterly degrading the feeling was, as his head was made to hang down over her thighs while his feet left the floor. He felt utterly helpless as his weight was placed over her knees. She placed her free hand on his waist and positioned him as easily as if he were a small child about to be punished.

Susan took great delight in her authority as she manipulated his body to the desired position. She thrilled as she felt his erect penis press against her flesh. A shiver of delight ran through her young body as she deliciously parted her thighs so that his penis could slip down between them. She savoured every moment of his humiliation as she squeezed her legs together, feeling his penis throb with sensation as she held it captive.

She was delighted to see that he had obeyed her instructions to the letter. He had placed his hands flat against the floor with his head hanging down between his arms. She drew in her breath and held it as, almost ceremoniously; she laid her slender fingers upon the cheeks of his bottom.

She could hear his indrawn breath as the coolness of her hand made the first contact with the flesh of his buttocks. She savoured every moment as she deliberately slipped her fingers between the upturned cheeks of his bottom, parting the twin mounds of flesh nonchalantly, so that she could see the small neat rosebud of his sphincter. His gasps were ignored completely, as she placed her other hand around his waist and drew his naked torso towards the flat of her stomach.

She looked at the other girls who were all watching avidly as she prepared the young boy for his spanking. It was Jocelyn who stepped forward and knelt down by his head. Susan instinctively knew the delight Jocelyn felt, as the young schoolgirl placed her hands delicately on either side of the boy's blushing cheeks and tilted his head towards her. The positioning of his head allowed him no alternative but to look into her face. Jocelyn's words were equally demeaning as she spoke to him softly.

"Now Peter, try and keep still while Miss Susan spanks your little bottom for you. I don't want to have to tell Miss Parfit that you have misbehaved. She would surely send you to the Headmistresses for a caning and you are such a sweet good-looking boy that it would be a shame to see your bare bottom with red stripes from the cane upon it. So keep still and be a good boy while Miss Susan spanks you."

Susan, confident in the fact that his attention was being firmly held by Jocelyn, did not need to hide the smile upon her face as she looked towards Nicola and Pamela. Both girls were doing their best to suppress their mirth as Susan tightened her grip around the boy's waist and raised her right hand.

Susan was determined to make the most of her situation. She considered her words carefully as she looked down at the pale naked buttocks of the young boy. "Right young man... let's get you properly spanked before Miss Pamela tends to that stiff little willy of yours."

"Slaaaaap... Susan's hand smacked smartly down upon Peter's upturned bottom. She observed his reaction, almost clinically, as she raised her hand for the second time. His embarrassment fuelled her delight as she watched his involuntary wriggling and writhing as her hand fell upon his quivering buttocks.

"For goodness sake... do keep still... now push your bottom up like a good boy while I spank you."

Susan began to spank him in a slow methodical fashion, counting to three under her breath between each smart smack to his pale and quivering flesh.

Susan's actions and words caused Peter to blush so profusely that Jocelyn felt the heat upon her hands as she held his face between her outstretched palms. She looked into his eyes and spoke softly to him.

"Poor Peter... are you embarrassed at having to have your little bottom smacked while you are laid over Susan's knees?" She waited for the next smack before continuing. "Your face is very red... is it very embarrassing to be spanked by a girl?"

Susan continued with the boy's spanking. It delighted her to see his buttocks quiver as he reacted to her slaps. She was enjoying her authority immensely as she squeezed her legs together. The stiffness of his penis between her thighs thrilled her as she gripped him tightly. She looked down at Jocelyn, listening to the young schoolgirl as she chided the boy.

"Poor Peter, never mind it will be over soon. Now try and lift your bottom so that Susan can have complete access to it... oh Peter are those tears I can see in your eyes? Never mind, it has to be done... so lift your bottom higher for me." Her voice was soft and low as she talked to him.

Peter could not contain his distress as his bottom was soundly spanked. Tears welled up in his eyes as he reluctantly looked at Jocelyn. It seemed totally surreal that he should be naked and upended over a young girl's knees and be soundly spanked. The utter embarrassment he felt was fuelled by the cool and calm voice of the young girl who held his head turned towards her. He blushed each time she spoke to him, utterly humiliated as she issued each embarrassing instruction.

"Now Peter just push your bottom up a little higher... there that's the way."

He could not ignore her as she knelt, holding his head tilted towards her, so that she could look into his eyes. Although there was no real pain from the spanking, his bottom was smarting from the regular sharp slaps that the young girl was administering as she held him over her knees. Peter was now very aware that his penis was throbbing uncontrollably as it moved between the soft inner flesh of her thighs.

Suddenly the spanking stopped and he felt the gentle touch of her fingers as she trailed them up and over the cheeks of his bottom. He had not been able to see Pamela as she moved towards the medical trolley to reach for the fresh pair of rubber gloves. He groaned inwardly as he heard her speak to Susan.

"Right Susan, if you will keep him there I may as well lubricate his little bottom while you have him in that position. I am going to apply the gel right up inside his anus so that he doesn't get sore when I penetrate him."

Peter groaned again as he heard the snap of the rubber glove against her wrists. Jocelyn did her best to hide her amusement from the young boy as Pamela spoke again.

"Susan...would you part his buttocks for me? I would like them stretched as widely apart as you can manage as I want to get my fingers right up inside him."

Peter heard her move around the chair. He shivered as he heard her next words, unable to hide his shock as Jocelyn held his head more firmly and looked deep into his eyes.

She looked at him intently, thrilling as she observed his acute embarrassment and distress. She could not help adding to his humiliation as she held his head firmly fixed towards her. "Now Peter, you have obviously heard what Pamela has said. Now I want you to obey her without question. Do you understand me?"

The boy waited for a moment... as if wondering whether an answer was required.

"Oh please miss... er yess miss." Jocelyn patted his cheek gently, as if reassuring him that everything would be alright if he obeyed.

Pamela's voice sounded caring as she spoke to him directly.

"Now Peter, don't be frightened... Susan is just going to stretch the cheeks of your bottom... she won't hurt you so try and relax. After I have got you nicely lubricated we are going to get you standing upright."

Peter flinched as Susan slipped her fingertips intimately into the crease of his bottom. He gasped as she stretched them apart. Her movements were deft and practiced as she bared the inner part of the crease of his bottom. Her fingers parted his flesh wide, revealing his entire sphincter to her gaze and making it accessible and ready for penetration by Pamela.

The young outfitting assistant spoke to Peter again as she stood behind him. "Now Peter, when I have penetrated your bottom, I am going to get the girls to help you stand upright. My fingers will still be inside you... so you will have to allow the girls to position you without fuss... otherwise my fingers might slide out of your bottom and you would have to be penetrated all over again. So you will have to be a good boy and not make any sudden movements."

She turned to Nicola. "Nicola, would you bring up another chair. I would like you to sit opposite Susan, so you can each hold his legs between your knees, when we get him standing upright."

She continued. "Jocelyn, would you hold his head while I penetrate him... he may try to buck... you know how silly young boys can be sometimes. After that I would appreciate it if you would help me to stand him upright. I want you to stand in front of him so that he is facing you. Then I am going to get him to place his hands on your shoulders."

Peter was mortified when he heard Pamela refer to the fact that he might try and buck. He tried to clench his buttocks, but to no avail as Susan continued to stretch cheeks of his bottom widely apart.

Jocelyn had been delighted with her own instructions. She smiled to herself, knowing that her own hands would then be free to caress his body as and when she pleased. It will be a delight, she thought, to be able to look into his eyes and squeeze hard on his nipples at the very moment that he ejaculates.

Pamela looked at Susan, seeing the knowing look in her eye as she approached the boy. This was Pamela's favourite view of the young boys she was privileged to milk.

His naked buttocks were raised and open, being stretched widely apart by Susan slender fingers. She was diligently pressing the cleft of his buttocks apart, rudely displaying his neat sphincter to her view.

His legs were already raised off the ground as she grasped his left leg and moved it outward with her un-greased hand as she slipped between them. She moved forward between his legs and placed her left hand gently on the back of his thigh as she intimately examined his exposed sphincter.

She felt a shiver of delight run through her slender body as he gasped at the first contact of her hand. She knew that he was steeling himself for the first touch of her finger against the opening of his bottom. Her voice was soft, almost a murmur as she leaned forward and touched her greased finger to the ring of muscle. "Now just relax Peter... can you hear me... just let your little bottom relax now."

She was delighted to see the flesh of the sphincter recoil... to see his body shiver in dread as she pressed gently against the tightly shut rosebud of the opening of his bottom. She liberally applied gel around the recoiling tissue, teasing the sphincter muscle constantly with her fingertip. She watched as the stricture of the sphincter became less pronounced as she sensuously probed and prodded.

"Let your little bottom relax now Peter... come along." She could see Jocelyn take a firm hold of his head while Susan's fingers pressed even more firmly against his parted buttocks.

Both girls were aware of the boy's imminent impalement. The little shiver that ran through Peter's body thrilled Pamela. She felt a delicious tingle run through her own body as she prepared herself for the entry.

For Pamela there was no more pleasurable feeling than that of her slender forefinger entering up into a young boy's bottom for the first time.

This young boy, she thought, must be the most beautiful creature on this earth. She savoured every moment as she prepared herself for her own feeling of pleasure. Determined, as she was, to fully exploit and prolong every nuance of the boy's complete subjugation for her own satisfaction.

"Juust reelaaxx." Her voice was as smooth as honey; an absolute contradiction to the movement of her hand, as she teased his sphincter again, this time in one firm gesture. As soon as the flesh had relaxed enough from the involuntary recoil, she pushed her finger deftly through the ring of muscle and straight up until the knuckles of her hand would not let her penetrate him further.

All the girls watched the boy as he tried to accommodate the intense feeling of Pamela's finger being pushed deep inside his bottom. He seemed to writhe almost as much in his utter embarrassment, as he did in his impalement.

"There we are now let me just lubricate you a little. Lift your bottom up higher for me." Of course Pamela did not expect the boy to be able to obey her. But she could see that the humiliation of hearing her words had a profound effect upon him.

Slowly, she began to rotate her finger inside him... swirling it around until she could feel his anal passage begin to loosen. Without warning, she withdrew her forefinger until only the tip was still inside him. Placing her middle finger alongside her forefinger, she pushed them both upwards, skilfully slipping them up into his anus. The result was immediate. The boy tried to throw his back his head, at the same time vainly trying to tense his buttocks. His body shuddered wildly as both her fingers penetrated him fully to the hilt.

"Arggghhh.... Ooooooooo... hooooo HooOOOO."

He cried in anguish as Pamela immediately began to probe inside him, moving them dexterously until she located the plump mound of his prostate gland.

"Hooooo oooohhhhhh." His cries were a joy to her ears, as she looked sideways at Susan. It was the warning look in Susan's eyes that suddenly alerted Pamela to the possibility that the boy might ejaculate prematurely. Pamela suddenly realised that his violent movement would be stimulating his penis while it was still trapped between Susan's thighs.

*

It took several minutes and much protestation from Peter, before the girls finally had him standing upright. Pamela had easily managed to keep her fingers firmly inside the young boy while the rest of the girls had got him positioned.

He was now standing with his hands placed upon his head and his legs spread widely apart. Susan and Nicola were seated at either side of him, holding each leg between their knees. Both girls had taken the opportunity to explore his body, their hands running up and down his thighs as they held him firmly in place between their legs. Susan had gestured to Nicola and watched her avidly as she cupped her hand around the young boy's bulging scrotum, feeling and kneading the captured orbs as the boy suffered this indignity with moans and groans.

Pamela stood with her breasts pressed against his back and her left arm wrapped around his waist with the palm of her hand flat against his stomach just above the freshly shaven pubis. She easily managed to keep the fingers of her right hand firmly inserted up inside his bottom.

Jocelyn looked at Peter's blushing face as she smoothed her hand over his cheek.

"Now just you stand still while I fetch the specimen cup for Susan. Don't look so anxious sweetheart. I am quite sure that Pamela will have your little plums emptied in no time at all."

She watched him blush once more before she moved towards the medical tray and took a new plastic specimen cup. She took off the lid and returned to stand in front of Peter as she handed Susan the clear plastic beaker.

"Now Sweetheart... give me your left hand... come along quickly now!" She watched him as he lowered one hand from his head. She grasped his wrist and guided his hand until the palm was resting on her right shoulder.

"Now give me your other hand." She followed the same procedure until the boy was resting both his hands on her shoulders. She kept his elbows bent so that her body was in close proximity to his.

The boy was now entirely surrounded, while he stood spread legged with his penis erect and throbbing. His embarrassment was written on his face for everyone to see as tears glistened in his eyes.

Nicola and Susan were at the side of each leg, holding it firmly between their knees... Pamela was standing behind him with her fingers thrusting between his bottom cheeks and at the same time, holding his body firmly to her with the flat of her palm against his tummy... and finally Jocelyn... who stood in front of him, with his hands reluctantly placed upon her young shoulders. To his chagrin, he was unable to hide his anguish from the young schoolgirl. Her cool and appraising gaze unnerved him as she looked into eyes.

She had made sure that she was not too close and that there would be plenty of room for Pamela to manipulate his penis and for Susan to collect his semen. She saw Pamela gesture to her... and on cue, she leaned her head forward and looked deep into his eyes. She observed him clinically, watching him suddenly flinch. She knew, in an instant, that Pamela had slipped her hand down from his stomach and had taken hold of his throbbing penis.

She made sure that she had his full attention as she bent her head to look down at his genitals, knowing that the young boy would be further embarrassed by her watching his penis being manipulated. He gasped in anguish as Pamela stretched the foreskin back so tightly that he shivered from head to foot. He might have saved his anguish for the next part of the procedure as Pamela held his penis resolutely in place while Susan callously placed the flattened palm of her hand against the opening of his urethra and began to move it in a circular motion over the sensitive opening.

All the girls where aware of the devastating effect this had on young boys. Time and time again, they had witnessed young boys at Rochville, pleading with their female tormentors to stop this intense form of stimulation to their penises.

Susan thrilled with delight as the boy stood up upon his toes, helplessly trying to escape the overwhelming sexual torture that she was applying to the very tip of his young penis.

"Arrrrgghh... oh pleease no, oh nooo-ooo please Miss."

His voice was anguished as he pleaded for an end to the exquisitely cruel torment. The sensation of her hand, as the skin of her flattened palm rotated lazily in a circular motion against the very tip of his penis, had him pleading for mercy. His pleas went unheeded; instead he felt his testicles being squeezed firmly and at the same time, his foreskin being stretched backwards as Pamela tightened her grip.

He tried to raise himself higher as the fingers inside his bottom jabbed against his prostate gland. He could not countenance or deal with the utterly exquisite and torturous sensations that the girls were eliciting from his body. His breath sounded ragged and drawn and his chest heaved as they expertly plundered the naivety of emotions.

All the girls were thrilled with the boy's reactions to their ministrations. Pamela and Susan had never seen a boy's body perform so emotionally when being milked. His body was absolutely rigid with torment when, at last, Susan took the palm of her hand away from the tip of his penis.

His respite was short-lived as Pamela began to expertly and diligently milk his penis in earnest. Nicola and Susan watched her in fascination as she quickly brought him to a point where each muscle of his body was so rigid, that it seemed as if the sinews were being stretched to breaking point.

Pamela could not help the sudden and absolute thrill of sexual excitement streak through her body as she pressed herself against his the contour of his back. Her left hand pushed mercilessly up into his bottom as she manipulated his penis. Her bright red nails contrasted with the pale flesh of his penis as she pumped her hand backwards and forwards over the rigid and virgin flesh.

Again and again she thrust her fingers firmly up into his bottom, jabbing in a protracted and practiced series of movements to fully stimulate his pulsing prostate gland. Time and time again, she let her fingers almost exit his sphincter before thrusting upwards once more. Each thrust would be accompanied by the clever rotation of her fingers as she let them prod and probe deep inside his young bottom.

Pamela looked at Susan as she felt the boy's sphincter begin to contract wildly around her fingers. She knew that Susan had already guessed the state of the young boy as she picked up the cup and held it a few centimetres away from the tip of his throbbing penis. Pamela moved her body back, allowing Susan enough room to apply her smacks to his bottom.

Jocelyn looked into his face as she placed her hands gently against his nipples. She could see the utter anguish of sexual torment on his face as he tried to deal with the sensations that were being wrung from his body. Cruelly she placed her fingers and thumbs on each side of his nipples and squeezed as hard as she could. His pleading look sent a shiver of sexual pleasure through her as she spoke to him.

"Poor Peter, just a little while longer... it will all be over soon. Poor baby... just a little longer."

The coolness of her voice belied the biting grip of her fingers upon his nipples. She did not take her eyes from his, even for one moment, as she heard the loud slaps from Susan upon the boy's naked and captive bottom cheeks.

Her gaze was firm and resolute as she spoke again.

"There we are Peter... you see, that didn't take long at all did it... now I want you to give me a nice big sample of semen... you can do that for me can't you Peter?"

Jocelyn's voice was absolutely cool and calm as she looked into the boy's anguished face. His fevered and contorted countenance still expressed the extra humiliation that her words had provoked.

"Ooooo... oooohhh." The violence of his first emission took nearly all the girls by surprise. The slap-like sound, as his semen hit the back of the beaker, was audible to everyone. It was clearly discernable, even above the loud crack of Susan's hand, as she spanked the flesh of his bottom.

Nicola squeezed her legs together in a delicious and selfish gesture as thrill after thrill ran through her body. She felt the warmth of his legs press against the inner flesh of her thighs as she hutched herself forward and squeezed his testicles with both her hands.

She thought that the boy looked as if he was being electrocuted rather than being made to ejaculate; such was the anguish and torment of his body. She felt a second wave of pleasure sear through her slender body, as she squeezed his plump testicles between her fingers.

Above her, Jocelyn's voice was audible to all as she coaxed him verbally. Her voice was absolutely cool and calm as she looked into his contorted young face.

"There we are, what a clever little boy you are... just a little longer now... I am sure you can do better than that... just try and give me a nice big sample... there that's the way."

Her fingers relaxed and then squeezed tightly over his nipples once more, her innocent expression never once betraying any effort or force as she squeezed the delicate and sensitive nubs of flesh.

Jocelyn watched him clinically as his chest heaved, drawing in a huge lungful of air in each agonising breath. The sight of his beautiful young face being contorted in utter sexual anguish while she controlled him, was the most exciting thing she had ever seen.

Both Susan and Nicola watched as the boy ejaculated helplessly. Again and again, he tensed his body in a paroxysm of agony. Such was the prolongation of his milking that he began to shiver wildly from head to foot. His body seemed wracked with deep emotion as Pamela coaxed him to another, and then yet another, agonising emission.

Susan was fascinated to observe that his penis was still pulsing, even after there was no more semen left to extract. It was the first time that she had ever witnessed a dry ejaculation at the end of a milking.

Susan ceased her spanking and looked into the jar. She could not believe the copious amount of semen that they had forcibly extracted from the young boy. She smoothed her hand over the cheeks of his bottom while she placed the plastic specimen beaker upon the floor. She looked across at Nicola who had begun gently stroking his testicles. Nicola was letting her fingertips smooth against his skin. Her petite and delicate fingers stroked gently under the sensitive perineum as her hands slipped sexily between his widely spread legs.

Jocelyn looked into his eyes, which were rolled back as if he was in a delirium. "There, you have been a good little boy." Now try and keep still, while Pamela slips her fingers from your little bottom." She watched the boy wince as Pamela gently began to extract her fingers. She saw him flinch again and this time, try and raise himself up. An obvious reaction, Jocelyn thought, to the knuckles of the hand stretching the sphincter more widely as they slip through.

*

Jocelyn looked at the young man as he reacted to their ministrations. She knew that he probably thought that he had already endured the extremes of sexual emotion and the depths of acute embarrassment and humiliation. She smiled to herself as she thought of what he must yet endure before he would leave Rochville.

He did not know it yet, but his time at Rochville would prepare him for his life as a husband to one of the girls. However painfull, his preparation might be for him, he would emerge as the most perfectly prepared and consummate husband a girl could wish for.




Schooling the Stepford Husband Ch. 02
byjane marwood©

Constance Marchbank sat behind the large modern desk of the medical office. The room was decorated in a traditional style, rather like an old fashioned doctor's surgery. The Adam fireplace was the centrepiece of the room, giving it an easy and comfortable air.

Mahogany bookcases surrounded the walls of the well-lit room, with a heavy pastel-shaded carpet covering the floor. A large ceramic sink with old-fashioned taps and a small autoclave were the only plumbed-in items within the room. A narrow examination couch was positioned close to one wall. The rail above the neat linen-covered couch would have held curtains had modesty been part of the schools raison d'être.

A small table held a tray of medical instruments, which had been covered with a white linen cloth. A white clinician's coat hung from a peg behind the door. Apart from these items, the room was comfortably furnished with three large easy chairs and a chesterfield settee. The only other item of furniture was a hard-backed wooden chair, which was placed at the far side of the desk.

As Constance Marchbank looked around, her eyes rested on Jessica who was comfortably seated in one of the easy chairs and was talking quite earnestly to the young school doctor. The young doctor equally matched Jessica in beauty. Although seven years apart in age, both girls conversed easily as they sat facing each other.

Margaret Sykes had been a pupil at Rochville right up until leaving for medical school. Now as a fully qualified doctor, she had returned to the school and eagerly taken up her duties running the medical facility. Unlike her peers, she had already known what direction her career would take. When she had arrived back at the school after almost seven years away, she had celebrated by giving each boy such a thorough and rigorous medical exam that the boys had been blushing for weeks afterwards.

Margaret was dressed in a navy silk blouse and cotton skirt. The soft contours of her body moved gracefully as she leaned forward and handed Jessica a photograph from the sheaf of papers that she held on her lap.

"I don't think the photograph does him justice, he is really the most perfect specimen I have ever seen... I rather think you will enjoy seeing him in the flesh so to speak."

Jessica took the photograph of the naked boy and held it up. "My... you are right Margaret, he really is something very special... such a lovely erect penis and I see that he has blushing face to go with it. You know I think you embarrass the boys more than I ever could, although I must say I do pretty well at it."

Constance joined in the laughter as she leaned forward in her chair and looked at her watch. "Well Jessica you will have your chance in around a quarter of an hour, so perhaps there's just time for a cup of tea before Margaret entertains you with our new inductee."

*

Peter had endured embarrassment upon embarrassment as the girls had made him lay backwards on the leather bench, holding his legs high in the air as they cleaned him. Over a dozen large medical wipes had been used, the antiseptic feeling cool against his genitals as they wiped him. Peter had shivered in absolute shame while they nonchalantly handled his penis and testicles, stretching his foreskin to wipe behind the head. He felt utterly naked as the cold antiseptic wipes were casually wiped around his genitals, his freshly shaven pubic area felt extremely sensitive as both, Nicola and Jocelyn, deliberately stimulated his flesh while they cleaned him.

Later, they had dressed him in regulation tee shirt and cotton short trousers. He had felt utterly stupid when he was made to stand with his hands on his head while, each girl in turn, plunged her hands down his trousers. The girls had used both hands, one down the front of his trousers and the other smoothing down over his bare buttocks.

It had not taken long for their inquisitive fingers to make his penis erect again. Each girl had delighted in slipping her fingers over his penis before cupping her hand around his testicles. They had sensuously delved between the cheeks of his bottom and impudently probed against his sphincter while toying with his genitals.

The sandals, that finalised the fitting of his school-wear, consisted of a soft leather sole with slender thongs which were criss-crossed around his ankles and tied at the front. Even the fitting of these had given the girls an opportunity to further embarrass the young boy.

He had been made to sit on the end of the bench, his erection pushing against the front of his loose trousers while they tied the thongs of his sandals. Nicola had smoothed her fingers upwards over his knee and along the inside of his thigh. She had sounded entirely unconcerned with his humiliation as her fingers slipped inside the loose leg of the material and delicately grasped his penis.

"Well Peter, their certainly seems to be plenty of room for the girls to be able to inspect you easily."

As he was made to stand with his hands upon his head, the girls had smirked openly at the huge tent-like appearance of the front of his trousers. They left him standing for about twenty minutes while Susan and Pamela tidied up the room. Nicola and Jocelyn lounged against the broad counter, making sure that their conversation was out of earshot as they observed him casually. Jocelyn glanced at the boy every so often until she was sure that his erection had subsided and that the front of his short cotton trousers appeared flat against his pubis.

Finally they had brushed his hair and wiped the tears from his cheeks, before Jocelyn and Nicola escorted him from the room and towards the medical administration office.

*

Miss Marchbank observed the boy closely as he sat in front of her desk. She could see his nervousness as he sat with his hand together on his lap and looked across at her. She smiled kindly at him, opening the interview with kindly words.

"Well Peter, I am pleased to welcome you to Rochville. I am sure that you will like it here and enjoy the many facilities, which we have. Now before I start, I just want to put your mind at rest about the punishment you witnessed this morning.

Caning at this school is most unusual and is reserved for only the most serious infractions of the rules. It will be quite unlikely that you will ever experience the cane at Rochville unless you are wilfully disobedient like the young boys that you witnessed this morning. Therefore I would like you to dismiss it from your mind."

Constance continued before the boy began to dwell too much on the subject of punishment. She wanted to see and hear the boy in more normal conversation.

"Now I am going to ask you some general question and see how you answer. I want you to be relaxed because I am genuinely interested in your answers." She sat back, noting that her conversational tone had relaxed the boy somewhat, although she knew that he was still extremely nervous. She had seen him blush when he had first entered the room and had seen the young doctor and Jessica. However she sensed that she now had his full attention as she continued.

"Tell me... what do you think an education is for?"

She looked at him and smiled as he seemed slightly nonplussed at the question. He hesitated and then answered, his voice stammering at first.

"Er... to be able to... er to have the knowledge to erm pursue a career... er Miss."

Constance smiled at him, making sure that she answered him in the affirmative. "Yes Peter that is correct. But these days there are very few jobs that just require knowledge of a subject... what about social skills. Do you understand what social skills are?"

"Er Yes er Miss... Ma'am. To be able to, erm... communicate... well, I mean effectively with others."

Constance was delighted with the answer and let the boy know of her pleasure with a warm smile.

"Well done... yes that is very much a part of social; skills. Now of course, at the moment you are a very young man... and as yet you have probably only given a cursory thought to marriage. But let me ask you, what do you think the ideal qualities of a husband would be?"

Constance liked the way that the boy considered the question. She leaned forward again, her body language encouraging him to answer.

"I think... to provide well... erm, I mean adequately for a wife, so that she would have a good standard of living."

Constance was enjoying his answers and prompted him further. "Yes that is very good. But let us say... hypothetically... that your wife was already sufficiently wealthy, so that the monetary aspect of the marriage did not need to be taken into account. What other qualities do you think a husband should have?"

This time Peter considered carefully before he answered. "I think he would be erm, pleasant... and erm, attentive and kind and erm... compatible."

Very good Peter, yes your answer is very good. Now let us think about the social aspects of a marriage. What skills would a husband need if he were to be, as you so expertly put it, compatible?"

Constance could see that the boy had lost his embarrassment and was genuinely thinking about his answers and the subject that she had led him to.

"Well, to share her interests and erm...." Constance interrupted him with a broad smile and a congratulatory tone.

"Exactly Peter. I am very pleased with your answers. I think you will do well here." Constance could see that she had put him at his ease as she started her well-prepared dialogue.

"Now, Rochville is an academy as well as a finishing school and I and my staff want to prepare our pupils for life... not just work. Now Peter let us say that you do decide to marry when you are three years older, perhaps at twenty-one.

You will need skills that encompass more than just being able to earn a good living. Your future wife may like horse riding or skiing. You would certainly want to be able to join her in some of her leisure pursuits. She may like travel, perhaps in Europe... now it would be rather embarrassing if you were unable to speak the more social and sophisticated languages of Europe like French and Italian."

She watched him as he listened intently. He was obviously as intelligent as his school records had shown and she noticed that he paid firm attention to her questions and considered carefully before answering.

"Speaking of languages, it would also be far more socially acceptable for you to be able to read from a French or Italian menu at a restaurant. Tell me Peter, do you think that if say, you were to take a girl out to a very smart restaurant, that you would feel comfortable or at ease in such a place?"

Peter did not have to consider the question for more than a moment.

"Erm, No Ma'am, I have never been to one although I have seen them on travel programmes on the television... and at the movies. I don't think I would know what to do."

Constance smiled and sat back. She had heard enough from the boy to re-enforce her first impressions of him. He would be an ideal student, quality material to be moulded, as Rochville had moulded every other male student, into a personable young man. She was aware that his looks were exceptional and was delighted that his quiet and thoughtful personality matched his physical appearance.

"Well Peter here at Rochville, you will not only be taught your normal academic subjects, you will also learn all the social graces and skills that befit a student of this Academy. You will learn at least three other languages as well as many skills that most young men seem to ignore. One important one is the art of conversation. There are many other attributes that are important to a young man. You will be taught, how to ride a horse, how to drive a car if you have not driven yet, how to behave in restaurants and social functions, how to dress for every occasion...."

Constance saw his eyes widen as she spoke. "You look surprised Peter. Rochville has its own very well-equipped and well-stocked stables.

We have over sixty miles of private roads. We have a tutor for every social skill one can imagine... and you will benefit from all of these. Now I am gong to give you your timetable, Rota and rules. You will learn them over the next week. As the facilities are extensive and you are sure to have difficulty in finding the various departments and classrooms, you will be given a house parent. Your house parent will be one of the senior girls who will help you to acclimatize yourself to the school. She will help you with any problems you may have and answer any of your queries."

For the first time Constance allowed her gaze to glance over the boy's form as he sat up straight in his chair.

"Now Peter, I am going to broach another subject that all new boys find very embarrassing. Rochville is primarily a school for young ladies, although young boys are still an important part of it, there can be some difficulties in mixing the two sexes." She watched his face blush as she continued.

"In your rule book... you will find that your sexual behaviour is covered extensively. You must follow the rules that are laid down... failure to do so will lead to your punishment." She watched his blush deepen.

"Boys at Rochville are not allowed to masturbate. In fact boys are not allowed to touch their penises, in any way whatsoever. The staff, senior pupils and prefects will deal with the physical aspect of your needs.

If you have an erection, you are to immediately report it to a prefect or member of staff. I don't want young boys swaggering around the school with their penises erect. It would be most insulting for our girls. So to ensure that this does not happen you will be given an assessment over the nest week to ascertain how many times you will be required to have your semen extracted.

If you need to go to the toilet, then likewise, you will report it to one of the staff or any of the senior girls. Prefects may examine you at anytime to determine whether your penis is erect or that your testicles are swollen."

She stood up from her desk and looked at Peter who was now blushing to a bright crimson and looking most embarrassed.

"Please stand up Peter." Guiltily and with a feeling of dread he nervously got to his feet. He did not see Jessica and the young doctor move forward to stand behind him. The doctor quickly removed the hard-backed chair he had been sitting on, as he stood to his feet.

"Now I am going to show you how to stand for an inspection. You will stand up straight... come along now. Place your feet about one metre apart... quickly now, you must obey every command immediately."

Shamefaced and shivering with trepidation Peter complied with the headmistress.

"Right... now you must place your hands... with the palms flat upon your head. You will not look down, but straight ahead, please."

She glanced at Jessica and then turned her attention back to the young boy.

"The instruction you will be given is... 'Adopt the position'. That is the only instruction that a senior girl, prefect or member of staff need say to you. You must obey immediately and without complaint. If you do not, I can guarantee that you will be having your bottom soundly spanked."

Constance watched the blushing young boy, ensuring that he was standing exactly in the way that she had instructed. She took her time in examining him from head to foot before turning towards Jessica.

"Now Jessica, would you be so kind as to inspect Peter for me."

Jessica looked serious as she approached the boy from behind. She moved around him until she could look into his face. Her voice was soft and gentle, exactly the tone she required to increase the young boy's nervousness.

"Now Peter I am going to place my hands inside your trousers and inspect your penis. You will stand exactly as you are now. You will not move or protest in any way. If you do, I will take your trousers down and I will take you over my knee and spank your bottom until it is bright red."

She raised her hand and gently stroked her fingers over his blushing cheek. She could feel the heat of his embarrassment as she gently stroked his face.

"Now be a good boy and stand still. Any move you make will be taken as disobedience."

Jessica waited, delighting in his nervous apprehension at her next move. She let her fingers trail down his cheek and onto his heaving chest. Sensuously she let her fingers smooth over his tee shirt until the palm of her hand was flat against his stomach, just above the loose waistband of his trousers.

Keeping her hand in place, she moved slightly to his side and placed her other hand upon the nape of his neck. Her fingers quickly smoothing over the over the sensitive flesh and teasing the hair at the back of his head. She waited again, sensuously moving her fingers against his neck as she whispered to him.

"Now remember what I have said sweetie, just keep still while I slip my hands into your trouser. Keep your legs wide and your bottom relaxed now, I may want to feel around your testicles and in-between the crease of your little bottom."

Constance found it difficult to keep a straight face at Jessica's obvious subterfuge to arouse the boy while instructing him. She glanced down at his groin, and saw the tell tale signs of his arousal as his penis began to move beneath the thin cotton trousers. Constance knew that the smooth silk of the loose underwear would further stimulate the boy as his penis moved against it.

She could see that his chest was heaving and that his lips were trembling as Jessica slid her hand down his spine until it was flat against the small of his back.

"Now I am just going to lift your tee shirt so it doesn't get in the way." Constance quickly looked at the young doctor as Jessica slipped her fingers under the short tee shirt that the boy was wearing. She could see the look of amusement on the doctor's face as Jessica sensuously slipped her fingers under the tight material and slowly pushed it up, letting her fingertips play upon his nipples as she left it stretched across his chest just underneath his armpits.

"Now keep still, I don't want to have to smack this little bottom of yours."

Upon those words, Jessica simultaneously slipped both of her hands down his back and his chest, slowly and deliberately caressing his flesh. Further and further her delicate hands and articulate fingers slid down his torso until they disappeared beneath the waistband of his short trousers.

Peter gasped as the fingers of one hand slipped between the cheeks of his bottom. He shivered as he felt her other hand smooth intimately over his penis. He had great difficulty in keeping still as her hand moved further down between his legs. His body shivered in embarrassment as he felt her fingers tease over his testicles until she cupped his entire scrotum in her hand. He immediately felt his penis throb violently as her hand enveloped his testicles.

"Arggghh...hooo"

He gasped as she examined his testicles, letting her nails score over the sensitive flesh of the scrotum, before moving upwards and encircling the turgid flesh of his penis. He could feel his member throb as she deliberately pulled his foreskin back to fully expose the head.

Peter could hardly countenance the utter humiliation he felt. He could see the headmistress watching his reactions as Jessica's hands delved intimately inside his short trousers. The ignominy of having to stand with his legs spread, with his hands flat upon his head; while he was being physically inspected made him flush to a bright crimson.

Jessica's voice sounded far firmer as she spoke to the headmistress.

"Ah, Miss Marchbank, I am afraid this young man has a very firm erection. His testicles feel very full too."

She turned her attention back to timid young boy as he stood trembling before her. She slipped her fingers further between the cheeks of his bottom, prodding his sphincter as she gripped his penis tightly.

"Now just keep still Peter, you know the rules. I want your bottom fully relaxed so that I can feel your sphincter."

Peter raised himself on his tiptoes as her fingers pressed firmly against the opening of his bottom. He looked helplessly at the pretty headmistress as Jessica's fingers impudently prodded against the muscle of his sphincter.

"Ah yes..., I can feel his bottom contracting, he is obviously in a state of sexual arousal."

Peter could have wept with shame as she slid her hands from out of his trousers, leaving his penis erect and pushing outwards against the thin cotton material. He could not help glancing down and groaning with embarrassment as he saw the shameful bulge.

"Keep you head straight and look forward, I don't want to have to spank you on your first day at school Peter." Jessica's words fuelled the young boy's utter humiliation as she patted his bottom and stood back to look at him.

Miss Marchbank looked towards the doctor who was standing to the side behind Peter. I am sorry doctor, but I think you will have to extract his semen from him before he can be physically inspected."

She turned towards Peter. Tell me Peter, how many times have you had your semen extracted this morning?" She watched him flush with shame as he looked at her. His lips were trembling as he stammered his reply.

"Er... t... three times ...er Miss.. erm Ma'am."

"Are you telling me that the nurse took three samples from you, Peter?" She watched his shameful look as he spoke again.

"Erm... er no Ma'am. The lady at the outfitting department... erm and the girls... erm did it twice erm Ma'am."

"Oh I see... Peter. There's nothing to be ashamed of if you have to have an erection dealt with. As long as you are truthful and report an erection, then the staff will deal with it. Now I assume that you were spanked before you were milked... is that correct?"

Peter blush became even deeper as he looked at the headmistress. "Er... yes miss."

"Good, it is important that you are spanked. There are good reasons why boys are spanked before being milked, however we need not go into that right now."

She looked at him intently as she spoke again.

"Now Peter, the doctor is going to milk you this time, so that she can get an idea of how much semen you are producing." Constance looked at the young doctor and spoke again.

"You can bend him over my desk for his spanking doctor. Perhaps you would like to let Jessica undress him, while you bring the instrument tray over."

Peter began to tremble with shame as Jessica moved towards him again. Her attitude was quite brusque as she stood in front of him.

"Lift you hands from your head and put them by your sides please Peter."

She waited while he obeyed her instruction, before placing her hands beneath the bracers on his shoulders. She slipped the bands from his shoulders and stood back as the short trousers immediately slid down his legs to the floor, leaving his unfettered penis to spring forward.

Peter shivered in shame as Jessica slipped her hands under his tee shirt and instructed him again.

"Right now raise your arms so I can slip this over your head."

To his utter humiliation, he felt her young body press against his erect penis, as she stood closer to him. He felt it throb mightily as she deliberately moved her body against his, slipping the shirt over his head and pulling it down his arms.

"There that's the way. Now step out of your trousers... come along now."

Peter hesitantly lifted his legs, shamefully aware of his penis bobbing to and fro as he raised his legs.

Jessica did not spare his blushes, quickly cupping her left hand around his testicles and grasping his penis with her right. She slipped the foreskin back and held it tightly at the base of the shaft as she spoke to the headmistress.

"His testicles seem awfully full considering that he has already been milked three times this morning! Shall I get him positioned over the desk?"

Miss Marchbank sat down and looked at the trembling young boy as he stood naked and shamefaced in front of her desk.

"Yes please Jessica. I would like him placed so that his hands are gripping my side of the desk. He should be well bent over with his legs widely spread so that his bottom is nicely upturned for the doctor.

The complete ignominy of the next ten minutes humiliated Peter to the very core. He was summarily bent over the desk with his hands gripping the far edge, his chest pressed against the smooth surface. To his utter shame Jessica had positioned his legs with his feet spread widely apart. Smoothing her hands upwards upon the inner part of his thighs, she had slipped her hands around his scrotum and penis and deliberately stimulated him until his penis was throbbing with sexual sensation.

Once she was satisfied with the hardness of his erection she had leaned over the side of the desk and had taken his head in her hands, forcing him to look at her as he felt the first firm slap upon his buttocks from the doctor as she commenced his spanking.

The shame of his chastisement was acutely exacerbated by the close proximity of Jessica's face to his... and her softly spoken words. The young doctor raised her hand and proceeded to spank him firmly.

Peter gasped as she slipped her free hand between the cheeks of his bottom and pulled the flesh to the side so that she could spank in-between the cleft of his buttocks. Her action deliberately adding to the utter shame that she knew the boy was feeling. "Smack... smack... smack..."

The steady cadence to her hand upon his buttocks was only interrupted by the soft voice of Jessica as she sweetly tormented him.

"There we are Peter... a nice smack-bottom to get your little cheeks nice and red. Now be a good boy and don't make a fuss while the doctor spanks you."

Peter could only gasp in shame as smack after smack of the young doctor's hands rained down upon his upturned buttocks.

"Is it beginning to smart now? I am sure it must be Peter because your face is very red. Does it hurt Peter? I think it must be doing - I can see a little tear in your eye. Be a good boy... I am sure it won't take too long. Then the doctor is going to pop her finger into your bottom and milk you until you are standing on your tippy-toes."

The next half hour was filled with such humiliation for the young boy that he barely came through his ordeal without fainting away completely. The doctor elicited such extremes of emotion from him that he cried out continually. Even though he had already ejaculated three times that morning, the slender and knowing fingers of the young doctor elicited such a response from his naïve young body that he was unable to contain himself.

His whole body quivered and shook as she had tormented his senses. Time and time again she brought him to the brink. Sometimes jabbing and prodding with her fingers deep into his bottom, other-times withdrawing her fingers completely and spanking his bottom hard. When she had finally decided that the boy could take no more, it took her but a few seconds to have him standing on his tip-toes, his back arched in utter abandonment, ejaculating wildly into the waiting specimen jar proffered by Miss Marchbank. Inexorably she had brought him to the most climatic ejaculation he had ever experienced.

*

It was sometime later that Peter was recovered enough to be escorted to his first class at the school. Miss Marchbank had allowed Jessica to demonstrate how he must dress himself without touching his genitals. She had then telephoned for one of the girls to come and take him to his classroom.

He had recognized Geraldine as the girl who had first escorted him to witness the punishments that morning. Now, as she walked by his side, traversing the cobblestone courtyard, he realised just how vulnerable he felt in his new uniform. Peter had been used to being casually dressed in jeans and shirt. To be suddenly dressed as a youngster, in embarrassingly short trousers, shamed the young eighteen-year-old boy.

His tee shirt fitted his upper torso snugly, the hem finishing just above the waistband of his trousers leaving a stretch of midriff bared. The wide waistband of his short trousers gaped open at both the front and the back. He looked down at himself, horrified to see that his freshly shaven pubis and genitals were open to the view of anyone that cared to look.

He flushed to a bright red as he looked towards Geraldine, knowing that she would only have to glance down to see either his buttocks or his penis and testicles. Her smile of encouragement as she looked into his face did little to bolster his confidence. He shivered involuntarily as the loose silk lining of his trousers rubbed sensuously against his genitals as he walked.

He was acutely aware that his trousers were so short that they barely concealed the tip of his penis as it hung down freely in the loose garment. His legs were bare from the hem of the trousers to his the flat leather soles which were supported by soft leather thongs that criss-crossed around his ankles and tied just above his calves.

Geraldine leaned back and turned her head to the side to look down, making quite sure that the boy did not observe her. She was delighted to see the strong curve of his bottom was clearly visible as the waistband of his trousers hung open. She carefully avoided looking down at the front of his trousers, not wanting the boy to see her prurient interest in his slender body.

She knew that almost every minute of his new life at the school would be filled with embarrassment and shame. She took his hand and squeezed it in a sudden gesture of compassion for the young boy.

As they walked together, Peter, surprisingly, felt a feeling of friendship and perhaps some sympathy emanating from the pretty young girl. The punishment of the young boys had affected him deeply. But until now, he had given little thought to the reasons for their punishment. Little surprising when one considers the unremitting trauma that he had endured since he had said "goodbye" to his mother.

But now as they walked in silence he considered the question. Why would the boys play with their penises when being caught resulted in such a harsh and embarrassing punishment? Had he known the answer, he might have been far more hesitant in walking towards his new classroom.

Peter blushed as Geraldine led him through into the light and airy classroom. There were ten very modern and quite large double-seated desks within the classroom. The desks were finished in highly polished white Perspex. The bench-style seats of the desks were an integral part of the design and were attached by chromium-plated 'S-shaped' tubing that allowed access by sliding into the seat from either side.

Just a single pupil occupied some of the desks, while others were being shared. There was only one desk in the front row of the classroom that was un-occupied. To his embarrassment Peter soon realised that he was the only boy in the room... and that he was the focus of attention as all the girls turned around in their seats to look at him.

"Come along girls face the front... now Geraldine if you would bring our new pupil forward." Gillian spoke softly to the class, but their response was comprehensive and immediate... all turning back to face her as she stood by her large and spacious desk which faced towards the pupils at the front of the classroom.

"Now Peter come and stand up here by me... and I will introduce you to your fellow pupils. I am Miss Forester and you may address me as that... or just 'Miss' will be fine."

Peter realised that his new teacher was pretty to the extreme and as she focused her attention upon him he could not help but blush once more. He looked at her in embarrassment his face blushing to an even deeper red as she caught his eye.

She was dressed in a white silk short-sleeved blouse, which was tightly waisted. Below this was a dark navy pleated skirt, which finished just above her knees and to add to the beauty of her legs, she wore the daintiest of high-heeled shoes. Her dark brown hair, which shone with a deep lustre, was pulled back and fastened with a velvet navy bow behind her head.

Her face was exquisite, a small nose, high cheekbones and the daintiest lips. The shape of her face was accented by the merest hint of blusher high on her cheeks. She was impeccably made-up, the blue eye shadow she was wearing perfectly matching the hue of her eyes.

Peter noticed that her pink lipstick also matched the colour of her nail-varnish. Gillian Forester's beautiful smile revealed her perfect teeth as she looked at Peter. He felt utterly gauche in her presence, dazzled and embarrassed by her extreme beauty.

Peter thought she was the most beautiful schoolteacher he had ever seen. Certainly the female teachers at his last school had neither been remotely pretty or as exquisitely well dressed as Miss Forester. As unusual as it was, for a young boy to have such a pretty and alluring teacher, Peter was to learn over the next few weeks that every member of staff at the academy was of similar physical perfection.

Gillian was well aware of the effect she had upon the young boys at the school and was delighted to see him blush as she took his arm and faced him towards the class.

"Now girls, I want to introduce you to Peter who is going to be joining our class today. Now rather than introduce all the girls in turn, I am going to let you get acquainted after the class has finished..." she gave Peter a reassuring smile, "so, for the moment Peter, you may sit on that desk in the front."

She turned to Geraldine. "If you would sit next to Peter you may be able to help him assimilate himself into our way of working."

Peter was blushing from head to foot as he followed Geraldine to the unoccupied desk.

While he had been made to stand by the teacher's side, every girl in the class had looked straight towards him. Wherever he had turned his head, he had been unable to avoid eye contact with at least one of the young and extremely pretty students; others, to his shame, where examining him from head to foot. His embarrassment was further exacerbated as Geraldine placed him at the side of the desk and spoke to him as if he were a child.

"There you are Peter, just slide your little bottom onto the seat."

He was acutely aware that as he did so, the backrest of the seat pressed against the waistband of his short trousers, allowing it to gape open widely at the front. He groaned in dismay as he watched Geraldine slide into the seat from the other side of the desk and look down at his gaping trousers. She turned to him and whispered in his ear.

"Don't be embarrassed Peter... just pay attention to the teacher."

Gillian Forester knew that the girls would have already cooked up some scheme or other to embarrass the 'new boy' and was not surprised when Anthea, who was one of tallest and prettiest girls in the class, put her hand up and speak to her.

"Miss shall I get our new-boy a set of books?"

Gillian smiled to herself as she watched Anthea's lithe and sexy body slide from her seat and go over to the glass cabinets where books and stationary were kept. Rather than interfere with whatever they had planned, Gillian merely decided to observe.

"OK girls, let us carry on with our English assignments, while Anthea equips our new-boy with everything he needs."

She watched as the girls bent their heads to their studies. She walked between the first row of desks, casually observing the girl's work as she moved toward the back of the classroom.

She often stood resting against the wall at the back of the room, where she could observe the class without the girls seeing where she was looking. She watched as Anthea collected pens and pencils, rulers and erasers as well as exercise books and the primers for today's English lesson.

Gillian watched with a wry smile on her pretty face as Anthea carried the equipment over to Peter's desk. She watched the boy look up nervously as Anthea daintily laid out the pens and books upon the surface of the desk.

Gillian saw that one or two of the girls were surreptitiously looking across at Peter as Anthea leaned over him and placed her arm around his shoulder and opened the English primer for him.

Peter was blushing profusely as he looked up at her. Her exquisite face and lithe body leaned against him as she opened his book.

"Hello Peter, I'm Anthea, I'm one of the class monitors so if you ever need anything you can ask me. Now if you look at the primer I will show you where we have got up to so far."

Peter blushed again as she leaned over him and placed her cheek next to his. He was acutely aware of her sensuous young body and her heady perfume as she deliberately leaned and moved against him whilst turning the pages of the book.

"Now see if you can find page two hundred and forty Peter."

As soon as Peter had leaned forward to take hold of the book, the girl leaned forward with him and slipped her right-hand under his arm and around his waist. She pressed her breasts against his back as she bent over him and whispered softly in his ear.

"There Peter I think that the next page is the one you need to start from."

Anthea knew that no one, apart from Geraldine, could see what she was actually doing to the boy. Her right hand began to stroke gently over his chest and tummy as she pressed herself against him.

Peter was so embarrassed that he could hardly read the text. His fingers fumbled as he tried to turn the page. His cheeks burned and his body shivered as Anthea's fingers dipped into the waistband of his trousers and began to caress the bare flesh above his shaven pubis. Her voice was soft and low as she teased him.

"Shall I take hold of your little pencil Peter... and mark the spot for you? Or do you think you can do it yourself?"

Peter was shivering with emotion as he picked up the pencil with trembling fingers and tried to mark the page. As soon as he had picked up the pencil, Anthea slipped her fingers right down inside his trousers and delicately wrapped them around the shaft of his penis. She felt the boy shudder as she slipped the foreskin back and whispered to him.

"There sweetheart, you can make a bigger mark than that... there is plenty of lead in your little pencil."

She squeezed his penis as he tried to write. He was almost blind with emotion as she delicately drew his foreskin back, her breasts rubbing sensuously against his back and his arm as she leaned over him, virtually holding his body captive.

Geraldine could hardly stifle a giggle as she looked across at Anthea and then down at the gap between his loose trousers and bared tummy. She could see Anthea's long fingers delicately manipulating the boy's penis. She watched him shiver with emotion as the girl dipped her fingers further down and cupped his scrotum in the palm of her hand.

The boy gasped as she jiggled his testicles and gave his penis one last squeeze before withdrawing her long slender fingers and whispering to him.

"There we are Peter a nice firm stroke with your pencil... that wasn't too hard was it sweetheart?" Her voice was soft and sensual as she slipped her left hand up over his back and teased the hairs at the back of his neck.

Geraldine looked down and saw that his penis was completely engorged. The rigid flesh was standing upright with the tip of his penis almost protruding over the waistband of his trousers. She looked at his face, which was flushed to a bright red as he shivered and shook with emotion.

Anthea delicately teased the hair at the nape of his neck before running her fingers through his hair and standing upright. She looked down at him as she spoke.

"There we are Peter... all nicely prepared for your teacher." 

Geraldine watched as the girl turned and returned to her seat. She did not see the smile of triumph that Anthea gave the other girls as she slid into her desk, but her expression was noticed by Gillian as she walked to the front of the class.

"Right class... start reading those passages, I will be testing you before too long."

Geraldine looked at Peter as he struggled to read his book. His hands were trembling and his face was almost bright purple. She could hear his heavy breathing as he attempted to read his English primer. Gently and with a feeling of sympathy she placed her hand over his and whispered to him.

"I am sorry Peter, but you will have to report... erm your erection. If you don't... and someone notices, you will be punished. Please Peter put your hand up and tell the teacher... I am trying to help you."

Peter turned his head towards her. He looked near to tears as Geraldine gave him a comforting look. Do it sweetheart... I know you must be terribly embarrassed... but the alternative is far worse I promise you."

Peter gulped in dread as he looked into her face and then towards the pretty teacher. In a haze of utter humiliation he raised his hand aware that the teacher was not looking in his direction but resting against her desk and studying a textbook.

He waited with his hand raised and his face one complete blush of embarrassment. He turned his head to the side as he heard one of the girls call to the teacher.

"Please miss... er the new-boy has got his hand up... he must want something miss."

Peter could hear a few giggles around the room as the girl spoke. He looked back towards the teacher; his face blushing furiously as he heard titters around the room. Miss Forester looked up and turned towards Peter. She spoke softly but with authority.

"Now quiet girls... what is it Peter?"

With utter dread Peter stammered... er oh miss er I have ... erm that is... oh miss I have an erection."

Peter felt near to fainting as he uttered the damming words.

The teacher looked at him, her face was kindly as she spoke.

"Oh Peter I thought you had just been to the medical centre, still never mind."

She turned to the class. Who is duty prefect today?" She turned her head as a pretty blonde haired girl who was seated at the back of the classroom raised her hand.

'Ah it is you is it Susan. Would you be so kind as to check Peter for me... just to make sure... and then if you would prepare the screens... thank you Susan.'

She turned to Peter.

"If you would stand up by the side of your desk Peter and adopt the position... Susan will come and inspect you. You do know how to adopt the position do you?"

Peter was blushing furiously as he stood up by the side of the desk and slowly raised his hands and placed them on his head. It was with utter humiliation that he stood with his feet apart.

Geraldine looked at him.

"Ah Peter it is customary to stand with your legs much wider spaced. About a metre apart is fine."

She watched him as he placed his feet further apart, watching in dread as the young girl approached him. Susan looked at him seriously, managing to hide the delight she felt as she observed his perfect physical form. She spoke to him, her voice soft and gentle as she placed her hand on his waist.

"Now Peter... head back, shoulders straight... arch your back.... There that's the way now... look straight ahead for me please."

The young girl moved to his side. Peter felt his stomach flutter at the first touch of her fingers. Gently, the girl pressed one hand against the small of his back and her other hand against his tummy. Simultaneously she slipped both hands down into the inside of his trousers, the cool tips of her fingers delicately touching his smooth flesh. Peter trembled with the humiliation and the indignity of his examination as he stood trembling.

He gasped in horror, as her left hand slipped between his buttocks while her right hand smoothed over his erect penis and down between his legs. He shivered from head to foot as her cool fingers gently cupped his testicles. Her breasts pressed against the side of his chest as she delved deeply between his buttocks, her fingers searching for his sphincter.

He gasped loudly as she pressed her finger hard against the opening to his bottom. He closed his eyes in shame, his whole body shivering as she sensuously played with his testicles while at the same time teasing the sensitive opening of his sphincter. He held his breath in dread as her fingernails gently scored over the flesh of his scrotum as she mover her hand upwards to finally encircle the rigid shaft of his penis.

Susan was as adept, as any of the pupils of the academy, at making sure that even if a boy was not erect when she inspected him, that by the time she had finished, his penis would be as hard as a rock.

She could feel him shiver as she whispered to him before addressing the teacher

"Your penis is really hard and throbbing, isn't it sweetie." She turned to the young teacher.

"Yes miss I can confirm that the boy has a full erection miss. His testicles seem swollen too."

He gasped again as she prodded his bottom and squeezed his penis tightly before letting him go.

"Now come with me to the front of the classroom and stand as you are now, with your hands upon your head and your legs spread apart."

She led him to the front of the classroom and turned him until he was facing the all of the girls.

"Come along Peter, legs further apart... there that's the way." The utter indignity of facing the pretty girls of the classroom with his penis pushing stiffly against the front of his short trousers had Peter blushing profusely.

He watched in dread as Susan wheeled a small screen that was on castors, from the side of the room and placed it in front of him. The screen was only as high as his waist and was a mere one-metre wide. He tried to see what she was doing as she took a hard-backed wooden chair and placed it behind him.

Gillian watched the girl's progress and then spoke to her.

"You may prepare him for his spanking while I call for the nurse."

Peter blushed again as he heard the words of the pretty young teacher. He blushed even more profusely as Susan stood next to him and whispered in his ear.

"Now Peter stand with your legs together while I take your trousers down. Come along now... now not too tightly together... there that's the way. Now put your hands down by your sides."

Susan waited until the boy was standing in exactly the position she required. Standing right behind him, she raised her hands to his shoulders - and with a casual flip of her fingers, slipped the bracers down over his arms. She looked around his body, watching as his trousers fell to the floor and his penis spring free. It stood out from his body, bobbing up and down, seemingly of its own volition.

"Right now put your hands back on your head so that I can raise your tee-shirt a little."

She waited patiently while the boy obeyed her. Sensuously she placed her hands low on either side of his hips and slid them upwards. She could feel her fingers sending shivers through the boy's body as she slipped the tee shirt upwards until it was tucked underneath his arms.

Peter was in absolute turmoil. He was facing the class, naked save for the small screen that hid the lower part of his body. He was sure that the girls that were seated to the far right and the far left of the front row of desks could see around the screen. Miss Forester was standing by her desk as Susan finished preparing the boy.

"Thank you Susan, you may return to your desk. I will attend to him now."

He shivered and blushed in utter torment as Miss Forester approached and sat down on the chair behind him. He almost jumped out of his skin, as her cool hands were gently placed high up on either side of his thighs. She slid her hands upwards, pressing against his hips as she turned him to the side and then pulled him towards the side of her chair.

She seemingly ignored his erect penis as he stood by the side of her knees, leaving him to stand in utter embarrassment while she slipped her skirt upwards over her pretty thighs.

"Now come along Peter... over my knees."

She placed her hand around his waist and with a quick, almost casual maneuver pulled his body over her pretty thighs.

"Place your hands on the floor... there that's the way."

Without comment she slipped her fingers between the cheeks of his bottom and between his legs. Grasping his penis and scrotum she pulled them down between her legs and pressed her knees together. The boy gasped as he felt the soft flesh of her inner thighs imprison his genitals.

"Right Peter... a little smack bottom and then we will have the nurse attend to you."

Peter was utterly humiliated as he looked down at the floor. It was an inner compulsion that made him turn his head to the right. He knew deep down that the girls could see him and yet he just had to look. To his utter dismay he could see that his head was in full view of the classroom of girls and he knew with equal certainty that his legs, which were high in the air, were also completely visible to the girls.

He could feel his penis throbbing violently as Miss Forester squeezed her legs together and placed the cool palm of her right hand over the quivering cheeks of his bottom.

"Now Peter try not to wriggle about while I spank you, there's a good boy."

Miss Forester knew that all of the boys at the school were unaware of just why they had to be spanked prior to their semen extraction. Unknown to Peter was the fact that that his training had just begun. Miss Forester was well aware, that as Peter was completely sexually naïve, he would succumb to his training more quickly. He would with utter certainty, over the next year or so, associate sexual desire with the spanking of his bottom.

Last year Gillian had witnessed a test upon two of the young boys who had been at the school for over two years. Each boy had been milked several times in quick succession. After which, they had been taken over their teacher's knees and spanked vigorously. Each boy had immediately become erect and had remained so until his semen had been extracted once more. Miss Forester knew that this association, of spanking and sexual arousal, would remain with the boys for the rest of their lives.

Peter shivered as he felt the hand of his beautiful teacher, smooth over the small of his back and grip his waist tightly. At the same time, the hand covering his bottom was lifted and returned with a sharp slap upon his trembling buttocks.

Miss Forester began to spank him in earnest. "Slap... slap... slap," her hand came down upon the cheeks of his bottom. It was not really painful, but the humiliation of his position made Peter gasp and groan in anguish. The classroom was completely silent as each and every girl sat quietly while they witnessed his humiliating spanking.

His humiliation was also punctuated by the deliberately embarrassing instructions from the young teacher.

"Come along Peter, relax your bottom now and give me proper access."

He felt her hand on the inside of his thigh as she pushed his legs further apart and then the utter shame as her fingers slipped in-between the cheeks of his bottom, spreading his buttocks wide open before re-commencing his spanking.

It was perhaps fifty sharp slaps before his spanking stopped. Peter could feel his bottom burning as the teacher summarily pulled him upright until he was standing by her side. Even though he was standing close to her, he knew from the murmur of the girls seated in the front row behind him, that they could see his reddened bottom.

"Right young man, stand in front of me and face the class. Stand with your hands on your head and your feet apart. The nurse will be here in second or two."

Shame-faced Peter followed the instruction and stood with just the small screen hiding the lower half of his body from the classroom of girls.

His face was burning red with humiliation as he saw that they were all looking directly at him. He looked down at himself and was horrified to see that his penis was still erect. He could see that one or two of the girls were looking at the top of the screen, perhaps hoping to catch a glimpse of his penis to see if it was still erect. He blushed again as one of the girls smiled at him knowingly.

He had been standing for about a minute while Miss Forester returned the chair to her desk, when the door opened and a pretty young nurse, who was dressed in a brief white tunic, entered the room. She was pushing a small trolley upon which were several jars and containers. To Peter's utter embarrassment he saw among the many containers, a tall glass jar which was held upright in a wire stand. He blushed as he realized that it was the same type of container that had been placed over his penis in the surgery.

The nurse smiled at Miss Forester and pushed the trolley forward until she was standing next to Peter. Without preamble she took a pair of thin transparent rubber gloves from the top of the trolley and turned to Miss Forester.

"Can I have two monitors please... as he is a new-boy!"

Miss Forester smiled as she turned to the girls in the class.

"Anthea and Susan would you come and attend the nurse for me please."

Peter watched in horror as Anthea slid her lithe body from her seat and smiled at Susan as she got up from her desk. Peter was quaking with embarrassment as the two girls approached him. Walking around the small screen, they stood at either side of him, and, without waiting for instructions, reached out for his arms, taking them from his head and holding him with his arms outstretched to each side of his body. The girls turned and faced the class while holding his forearms across their chests.

Peter heard the snap of rubber against her wrists as the nurse moved behind him. He could hear her unscrewing the lid off one of the jars and the slurping sound as she delved into the container. He stood trembling as the nurse moved close behind him. He felt her tunic touch his bottom as she spoke softly to him.

"Right young man, just open your legs a little more and relax your bottom for me."

Quickly the young nurse placed her right hand around his waist with her palm flat against his tummy.

"Just relax now, this won't take a moment."

In an instance, she had Peter arching his back and gasping for breath, as she slipped her hand in-between his buttocks. He yelped with surprise as she straightened her forefinger and quickly located the centre of his sphincter.

"Take a deep breath now... oops, there we are Peter."

Peter could not help himself as he cried out in anguish. He stood on his tip toes with his back arched and his head thrown back as the nurse deftly penetrated his bottom with a single thrust.

"Arggghhhh." He groaned as her lubricated finger slid straight up inside him.

"Argggghhhh." He cried out again as she quickly located his prostate and at the same time, slid her hand down from his tummy and grasped his penis.

"There we are, we'll soon have your little willy milked dry, won't we sweetheart! Now do try and keep still."

The next few moments were an absolute torment for Peter as the nurse began to massage his prostate, at the same time drawing the foreskin of his penis back as far as it would go before bringing the soft flesh up over the head. Her manipulation of his body was so well practiced that the boy shivered and shook as he stood on his tiptoes.

He was totally unaware that as he raised his body on to his toes, that all the girls had a perfect view of the young nurse's hand clasped around the shaft as she milked his penis mercilessly.

"Arggghhhh oh pleeeease nooooooooOOOH."

He arched his body even further backwards as the nurse deftly introduced a second finger into his bottom. He shivered and shook so much that he did not see Miss Forester take the ribbed glass container form its holder.

Suddenly he felt his foreskin being drawn back tightly by the nurse, as Miss Forester placed the glass over the exposed head of his penis.

"Arrrrgggggggggghhhhh... ohhhh.... OoooOOOHHHHHH."

The girls held him tightly as Miss Forester mercilessly slipped the glass backwards and forwards over the rim of his penis in a flurry of motion. She could not help looking at his agonized expression, knowing full-well just how unbearable the sensation was when she slipped the glass tube over a boy's penis. The excruciating sensation always had the young boys begging for mercy.

"Ohhhh... pleeeeeeeeease.... Nnnnnnooooooo."

Peter was in such a state that the girls could barely hold him as Miss Forester watched the first eruptions of semen spurt into the jar. His body shivered and shook as he was summarily milked of his semen. His mind was a mixture of sexual sensation and utter embarrassment.

Peter could see the cool expressions of interest from the girls in the classroom as they watched his humiliating milking at the hands of the nurse and the beautiful young teacher. Wave after wave of utter embarrassment washed over him as he stood straining on his tiptoes, his face beetroot red with embarrassment and physical sensation.

Somewhere in the reaches of his mind he knew why the boys, that had been cruelly caned that morning, had risked such a severe punishment. It had been a futile attempt to avoid the embarrassment and utter humiliation that he was now enduring. He could not help looking towards Geraldine as his body shivered in absolute torment. It was an involuntary action perhaps in the hope that she was not watching his acute humiliation and embarrassment at the hands of the nurse and young teacher.

His face blushed immediately, his stomach churning in anguish, as he saw her coolly observing his torment. Mercilessly, the nurse held his foreskin back from the glans as she jabbed his prostate with her fingers. His body was held absolutely rigid in a paroxysm of utter torment as Miss Forester deftly moved the ribbed glass jar further over the sensitive rim of his penis, allowing the narrower part of the ribbing to apply even further pressure.

Peter stood even higher on his tiptoes, his body arching backwards as the sensation became unbearable. He gasped in utter anguish as the smooth ribs of the glass passed over the sensitive rim of his penis, one after the other they stimulated his flesh.

"Argggghhhhh." He cried out, unable to contain his emotions.

"There we are nurse." Miss Forrester said brightly as if she was unaware of the acute trauma that Peter was enduring.

"I think that is all, would you just evacuate anything that is left."

Gillian watched as the nurse drew her hand upwards from the base of the shaft towards the tip of his penis. Miss Forester slipped the lip of the jar tightly over the end of his penis as a small bead of semen appeared at the tip. The boy jerked his body backwards, his head thrown back in anguish, as his buttocks clenched and throbbed as if he was still ejaculating.

"My Peter... what a fuss you young boys make when you are having your little penises milked."

She ignored the shivering teenager as she placed the jar back on it's stand and took a moist cloth.

"Now for heavens sake, do keep still while I wipe you."

She ignored the gasp of absolute agony that escaped from the boy's lips as she callously wiped the sensitive tip of his penis. He gasped again as the nurse withdrew her fingers from his bottom and inserted a medicated wipe between his cheeks and quickly wiped his sphincter and the entire crease of his bottom.

Callously she used several medicated wipes over his penis and his anus before she was satisfied that he was perfectly clean.

Peter was in absolute turmoil as the girls held him while the nurse placed his feet into the loose fitting trousers. She pulled the bracers up over his shoulders as each girl in turn let go of his arms for a moment, before sliding the hem of his tee shirt back down to his waist. 


The girls held him for a few more moments until Miss Forester spoke.

"Well Peter that didn't take too long at all did it? Now the girls will show you back to your seat, so off you go."

She smiled at him as she turned back to the nurse who had covered the specimen jar with a cloth and was preparing to leave.

"Thank you nurse, the boy obviously needs a high assessment for his first few weeks. I will see him in my office after class just to check him over again."

Peter could hardly bring himself to look at Geraldine as he sat back down at his desk. She leaned against him, her soft breasts pressing against his arm as she whispered to him.

"Never mind Peter you will soon get used to it. Here wipe your tears." She passed him a small handkerchief and placed her hand softly on his bare leg. Peter blushed at her kind gesture.

Miss Forester knew that Peter could hardly countenance the terrible embarrassments that the rules and customs of the Rochville Academy had inflicted upon his young psyche. She was also aware that it would be some time before he would be able to settle down to his work. In order to ensure that he would not be disturbed further, she glanced at the class and addressed them.

"Now carry on with your work, I want you to have a good understanding of chapter seventeen before we break for lunch."

She sat at her desk as the lesson proceeded, making sure that the class remained silent and that everyone was working. As the morning wore on she visited Peter's desk several times, showing him what was required of the exercise - and reading some of his answers. Occasionally she would offer advice, showing him the best way to précis each paragraph.

She observed that he was quick to learn and already had a good knowledge of English comprehension. It was towards the end of the lesson, as Peter studied and appraised his work before packing away his books, that he realized for the first time, just how good the quality of teaching at Rochville really was.

Although the principle, Miss Marchbank, did not see Peter again on his first day, she was still able to monitor his progress. She had made sure that although he would be subjected to the usual humiliating and embarrassing moments that all boys at Rochville had to endure, that his progress would be tempered with care and affection. Now as the bell sounded throughout the school to signal the end of prep, she lifted the phone and spoke to her deputy headmistress.

"Ah Natalie, I have been thinking about our new boy Peter. I am going to suggest that you would like to instruct Claudia and Jane to oversee his bedtime routine. Lots of love and affection would be appropriate as I want him bonded to the school and our raison d'être as quickly as possible... and then perhaps you could ask Geraldine to see him before he goes to sleep. Miss Forrester tells me that they got on pretty well today and that there is a tentative bond already there. So I think it might just serve our purpose to encourage his early dependence upon one or two of the girls. What do you think?"

Miss Marchbank listened carefully and then spoke again.

"Yes, I agree, perhaps a little accident in the bath rather than another formal milking... yes that would be perfect. Thank you Natalie I will leave it in your capable hands."

She put down the handset and sat back in her office chair. She was content that Peter had settled in to the school as well as any of the boys that had come to Rochville over the years.

Of course she knew the difficulties and embarrassments the boy would face over the next three years, but her success in producing perfect companions for her girls, had never faltered. She was quite sure that he would be soon be spoken for, perhaps even by Jessica who had seemed very taken by the boy.

She knew that, whomever he was chosen by, he would want for nothing and would become the perfect spouse. A perfect Stepford Husband.