The Best Present: Pegging my Man
bysilkstockingslover©

Summary: A wife discovers her husband is curious about pegging and....

Note 1: This is a Holiday 2016 Contest Story so please vote.

Note 2: Thanks to Tex Beethoven, Robert, Dave and goamz86 for editing this story.

The Best Present Ever: Pegging my Man

I was working from home, stuck with a sick child, when my whole world changed.

My work laptop died and I realized I'd left the plug-in charger at work. Still having research to do for tomorrow, I went to my husband's office and grabbed his, as my sick child wouldn't let me leave him alone and go to my office and use my desktop.

I logged in and went onto Chrome. As I started a search, I was surprised to see the archival searches that popped up when I started typing the word praxis.

Peg

Pegging

Pegged by wife

Pegging positions

Pegging toys

I stared at the options... these were all the most recent 'p' searches, indicating they had been searched for from this computer quite recently.

I'd read in a Cosmopolitan magazine or somewhere about the sudden increase of pegging... but hadn't put any thought into it. My husband, an ex-college linebacker and now lawyer, was not some sissy.

In the bedroom he was in charge and I the submissive... there was a clear sexual hierarchy and I was on the bottom.

Curious, I clicked on the third search and saw that almost all the websites that came up on the first page, other than the Wikipedia page, were highlighted... meaning they'd been clicked on before.

My head was spinning.

My husband was google searching the concept of pegging.

I wasn't sure what to think.

Was he gay?

Did he really want to take it in the ass?

I had to counter these quick concerns with the reality that I wasn't a lesbian, but occasionally read lesbian erotica or lesbian porn when I pleasured myself... especially imagining I was a submissive to Mila Kunis.

In truth, if he searched my computer, he might become concerned or excited, because he could easily discover that I have a couple dozen downloaded lesbian scenes, mostly of straight women being seduced. I also have a few authors bookmarked who write lesbian erotica.

That said, I have no intention of having a lesbian encounter, even though the majority of my jill off fantasies picture precisely that. Although I imagine my husband would eagerly allow me to go lez if he could watch... men are nothing if not predictable.

I clicked on a link he'd followed just a few days ago and read an article about women who enjoy pegging their men, which included a 'top five reasons to peg your man this holiday season':

1. It's as good to give as to receive It's 2016 and women now have equality in society and, for the most part, in the workforce, so why not the bedroom? After centuries of always being on the receiving end of sex, why not try and be on the giving end? They say the best gift is in giving, so give your man the ultimate gift... a strap-on cock in his ass.

2. The power of cock A cock has always been a symbol of power. A powerful lance that can create pleasure in a woman unlike almost anything else. (Although some of today's toys have made men easily replaceable; what man can compete with a Sybian?) Once you see a large cock jutting from your pussy and ready for action you will instantly feel a rush of adrenaline as the customary roles are reversed.

3. Role Reversal The strap-on in place, your man submissively on all fours in front of you (always try this position first), you're able to see sex from an entirely different point of view. You are not only in control, but you're also the one doing most of the work. As much as this way around will lead to him understanding what it feels like to be a woman, you will also learn what it means to be a man... including the physical exertion and stamina required to fuck someone. 4. The Sounds of Sex You're probably not completely aware of the sounds that escape your lips in the heat of the moment. These sounds or words arouse your man greatly, since they're subtle, or even not so subtle messages that he's doing his job and doing it well. Not surprisingly, you hearing his sounds is equally stimulating... if not even more so.

Hearing a man whimper as you penetrate him....

Hearing a man moan as he begins to get accustomed to having your cock in his ass....

Hearing a man beg to be fucked harder as he gives into the pleasure and allows his orifice to be given to his woman for a brief, intimate period of time is exhilarating.

These moments can only be experienced when a pegging role reversal happens... when he gives his body, sex organ and ass to you unconditionally... exactly like you have so often given to him in the past.

5. True Equality Sex can be give and take, and when it is, it's remarkably fulfilling for both participants. Sex can be intimate and based on complete trust. Sex can result in giving ultimate pleasure to the person you love. Sex can wash away centuries of male dominated sexual hierarchy, and result in a mutual understanding of the needs and wants of both partners. Sex can be an experience of unimaginable love.

As I read this, I was in awe.

I was intrigued.

I was curious.

I was trying to wrap my head around the basic premise that sex can be reversed completely... and that my husband may want to participate in this reversal.

Unfortunately, before I could click on another link and do more research, my sick son came in to cuddle with me and made me put the computer away and watch 'Finding Dory' for the third time today.

I quickly erased today's history and closed the laptop, my head spinning with a revelation I wasn't sure I knew what to do with.

When my husband came home a couple hours later I couldn't help but see him differently.

Did he want to take it in the ass?

Had he ever taken it in the ass?

Was he gay?

Had he ever sucked cock?

Would I be capable of fucking him if the opportunity arose?

That night, I crawled between his legs and sucked him in the bedroom and he ended up flipping me on all fours and fucking me hard like he always did... which made me feel better (he definitely wasn't gay) and simultaneously worse (why wasn't this good enough for him?).

Yet, even though I wanted to ask him about what I'd found on his laptop, I didn't. Unsure how to bring it up... and not wanting to make him feel less of a man, I kept my new information to myself.

Over the next week, the final week before the Christmas holidays, I did a few things: I read more articles online including: 'If You Want a More Thoughtful and Considerate Boyfriend, Try Pegging Him', 'Everything You Need to Know About Pegging', 'I Pegged a Boy and I Liked It' and 'Pegging Tips: A Guide to Safe and Fun Pegging', just to name a few.

I also read a couple of dozen sex stories about pegging... each intriguing me more and more.

I researched the growing trend of men who are being pegged or who are just peg-curious. (Is that even a word?)

The more I read, the more curious I became about pegging. The idea of my wielding the power in our sexual relationship intrigued me.

The idea of a strap-on around my waist was empowering.

The idea of giving instead of receiving was fascinating.

I looked into sex toys for pegging.

This exploration led to me making a bold decision... for Christmas I was going to get him the biggest surprise of his life... a strap-on cock!

I wished I had time to order one online, since such a purchase would be extremely private and the internet offered so many choices, but with it being so close to Christmas there was no guarantee my surprise would arrive in time... and I needed it for Christmas Eve. This would be the perfect time for some extended privacy, since the kids would be spending the night at their grandparents like they always did... before being dropped off for a family morning breakfast and unwrapping of presents on Christmas Day. Pegging, Pancakes, and Play houses... the perfect Christmas!

Thus, I drove to the other side of the city to visit an adult store in a strip mall.

I went inside, armed with a list of five of the best strap-ons according to the internet. But as soon as I entered the door and took my first glance at the merchandise on display I immediately lost my initial determination to barge in, make a quick purchase and rush out again. Instead, I lost all momentum and wandered around the store, in awe of just how many sex toys had come onto the market since my college days.

I still owned a small blue vibe I'd bought as a coed, but suddenly with all these possibilities on open display, I wasn't just looking at a toy for pegging, but perhaps a toy or two just for me.

I was examining a long, weird shaped vibrator with something sticking out on the outside, trying to figure out how it worked when an unexpected voice asked, "Can I help you with anything?"

Thank heavens it was a woman's voice, but even so she had startled me and I visibly jumped, as if I was caught in the act, even though I was in a sex toy store for God's sake, and I stammered, "U-u-um, yeah."

I turned and saw a girl much younger than me, maybe twenty, smiling. She hurried to reassure me and said, "It's okay, there's nothing to be ashamed about in here; I'm here to sell you stuff, not to judge you. I was a customer here long before I got this job, and I still am."

"I haven't been in a store like this before," I admitted.

She nodded, "No worries. Are you looking for something for yourself?"

"I wasn't," I replied, before adding, "but I think I am now."

"The toy in your hand is one of the best," she said, as she took it from me. She pointed to the weird extension and explained, "This part is to press against your clitoris and it vibrates as the shaft does its thing inside."

"Ooooooooh," I nodded, the toy instantly making sense and making me curious to try it.

The girl smiled widely, "Yes, that's one of the sounds you'll make."

I laughed, "I'll take it."

"That was easy," she said.

"Well, I do need one more thing," I said, suddenly comfortable talking with this relaxed young stranger.

"What's that?" she asked, looking curious.

"I, um, I... I'm looking for a strap-on," I babbled.

"Aaaaaah," she nodded, assuming I was a lesbian.

I clarified, "It's for my husband."

"Oh, I see," she nodded, clarity coming in. "Can I assume you've never done this before?"

"You can assume correctly," I nodded.

"Okay, follow me," she invited.

I followed her down a row that displayed some wild bondage stuff mainly in blacks and reds before stopping in front of a whole bunch of plastic dicks. She asked, "Has he been pegged before?"

"I don't think so," I replied, hoping that was the correct answer.

"Oh?" she said, looking at me questioningly.

I spent a couple of minutes explaining what had led me to being here today.

"Aaaaah," she nodded. "So now that you've decided you're fine with actually doing this, I have a couple of choices for you. One is a harness with a starter pack of three dildos of increasing sizes."

She handed me the box. I looked at the different sizes from small, to medium, to 'oh my goodness gracious'.

She then added, "Or, if you want to get pleasured yourself while you're pegging him, you can get one of these."

She handed me another toy, but this one confused me.

She explained, "This smaller part goes inside you and it vibrates while you use the longer part in your man."

"Ooooooh," I nodded, catching on.

"Although I wouldn't start with this," she added.

"Why shouldn't I have fun too?" I joked, quite surprised at my own daring.

"Oh, pegging is fun all on its own," she smiled wickedly.

"Have you done it?" I asked.

"A few times," she nodded.

"Is it...? Did he...? Um, I..." I tried to ask.

She smiled, "It's exhilarating and empowering and he loves it... I think more than actually doing me."

"Wow!" was all I could say.

"It can be a really amazing experience if you're both willing," she said.

I nodded, "Well, it's going to be a surprise."

"From your discoveries in his laptop I imagine he'll love it," she nodded.

"I'll get both," I decided. "One for Christmas and maybe the other for New Year's."

"A girl should always be prepared," the girl grinned conspiratorially.

I bought both strap-on's for us and the fancy vibrator for me and headed home, wondering how I was going to stage this surprise and whether, when push came to shove so to speak, I would even have the nerve.

.....

It was Christmas Eve.

I was giddy with excitement; I was nervous as hell.

I'd tried on the strap-on cock a few times and felt a rush at just seeing a cock poking out in front of me. I tried each cock, from the small, thin beginner weenie to the super cock and took selfies. I also put batteries in the vibrator one and tried it out, actually getting myself off with it. I had to agree with the saleswoman, this was definitely not something for a first time pegging! I would never be able to focus on my husband if I had this insistent wasp buzzing inside me.

Now Jake and I always exchange presents on Christmas Eve and I always dress up in lingerie for him... thank heavens for our 'kids at grandparents tradition'... he has a stockings fetish and it's one I don't mind encouraging; nylons definitely accentuate my legs in a flattering way.

A wicked idea finally popping into my head and giving me courage, as I sent Jake to drop the kids off I whispered to him, "Hurry home. You're going to love your Christmas present this year,"

"I am, am I?" he asked, always enjoying whatever new lingerie I first introduced to him on Christmas Eve.

"Oh yeah," I nodded, as I slyly squeezed his cock and gave a huge hint at my intentions, one I assumed he wouldn't remotely catch on to, "You're going to get the fuck of your life."

"I don't know how you can possibly up the ante from last year," he leered. I had dressed up in thigh highs, a plaid skirt, a white see through blouse and pigtails for starters... and given him my ass for the first time.

I smiled wickedly, "Oh, I'm going to make your darkest fantasy come true."

He was still oblivious to my true intent as he countered, "You already did that last year."

"That was just the beginning," I countered, giving his cock one more squeeze, before adding, "now hurry home, I want to fuck you... hard." I was hinting like crazy; he always fucked me, not the other way around, but my darling husband was clueless. I could hardly wait!

"O-o-okay," he nodded, as he kissed me and headed out with the kids.

I went up to our bedroom and got into my outfit first. A pair of black thigh highs, knee high black 'fuck me' stiletto boots, with a black half-bra, my strap-on harness, and the smallest of the three dildos.

I then went back downstairs next to the Christmas tree, grabbed the wrapping paper and tried to wrap myself. I did my legs first, before getting onto my knees to do around my waist, the loosely wrapped paper especially hiding my real surprise. I did my body and my head the best I could, leaving an open spot for my mouth before getting onto all fours, not taking any chances of premature exposure, and waiting. I finally got tired and sat down, but I couldn't move very much at all without totally destroying my inexpert job of wrapping.

I assume it wasn't a great job since for the final stages of my wrapping I couldn't see a thing, and how the hell are you supposed to wrap your arms with your own arms, but I think the majority of me was covered up, having used three entire rolls of wrapping paper... this was a rare example of quantity over quality. I knew I looked like a crumpled tangle of paper, but that would change as soon as Jake started unwrapping me.

He took longer than usual to return, but eventually he was home and apologised, as he walked in the door, "Sorry, but your mother can talk and talk."

I rose again to all fours and called out, "Don't worry about my mom. Just come and get your present." Showtime!

"You have me curious," he said, as he entered the living room and stopped to stare at me. Or at least I assume he did. "Oh, this is a new look."

"I wrapped it myself," I joked.

"Impressive," he approved.

"I even left a nice opening in the front for you to get us started before unwrapping the rest of your present," I purred.

"Well, I'd rather unwrap the entire gift first," he said, and I sensed he was now standing directly in front of me.

"There's no rush," I responded, hiding my annoyance that I couldn't see him.

"And I suppose I could use a nice warm cock bath," he agreed with me, as I heard his zipper, and I visualised his hard cock entering the picture.

"And I could use a nice snack before I give you the fucking you've always fantasized about," I replied.

"God, I love when you talk so nasty," he said, as I felt his cock touch my lips.

"You like when I say things like 'Pound my Cunt', 'Fuck my Face', or 'Ream my Filthy Asshole'?" I asked.

"Oh God," he groaned, sliding his cock in my mouth. "I love how you can look so sweet and innocent on the outside and be such a nasty little slut on the inside."

As he said that and began slowly fucking my mouth, I had second thoughts.

What if he didn't want to be pegged?

What if he was just reading about it the same way I read lesbian porn?

Fantasy often doesn't become reality.

"We really need to spend more nights without the kids," he said, as he held my head still and slowly pumped his cock in and out of my mouth.

I could easily swallow all six inches of his cock and he regularly fucked my face... I really enjoyed the roughness, the balls bouncing on my chin and my complete helplessness as I was used for his pleasure.

I moaned on his cock in agreement, as he began fucking my face faster.

He warned, a couple of minutes later, "I'm close," and began slamming into my willing mouth as hard as he could.

I focused on his cock and on preparing for the big first load that was coming soon.

"Oh, fuck," he grunted, not slowing down at all as usual, and deposited his load right down my throat and into my belly.

I swallowed it all, and then he pulled out and said, "I should come home to this every day."

"I think the kids may beat you home and unwrap me first and get a big surprise," I joked.

"On that note," he said, as he unwrapped my head.

I warned, "I got you something really unorthodox this year."

"I like unorthodox," he said, looking fondly into my eyes.

"I mean really unorthodox," I stressed, nervously second guessing my decision.

He laughed, "You actually look worried."

I admitted, "I actually am. I thought this would be a good idea and now... now I'm not so sure what you'll think."

"Well, this I've got to see," he said, "I'll do my best not to freak out," as he unwrapped my upper body. As he caressed my back, he said softly, "it's really good so far. I love the way that bra shapes your tits and seems to be offering me your pink nipples on a platter."

"Well, I do have an amazing body," I responded.

"That I can't debate at all," he agreed, as he finished to my waist... the surprise now the next to go.

"Save my middle until the last," I urged, delaying the surprise... for better or worse... as long as I could.

"Hmmmm, you want me to save the best for last," he teased, as he obediently moved to my legs and unwrapped them. "You really used a lot of wrapping paper, sweetheart."

"It's not easy wrapping yourself," I pointed out.

"I imagine," he laughed, before adding, "these are new."

"You like?" I asked, as he checked out my boots.

"Very much," he replied.

"They're my Dominatrix boots," I hinted. If it had been physically possible, I would have held my breath while I said that. The moment of truth was rushing inexorably down the track.

"Is that so," he laughed softly. "Are you going to dominate me tonight?"

Deciding to just go for it and follow my original plan, thinking worst case he wouldn't be into it and we'd go back to doing whatever he decided, "Well, I do plan to fuck the living shit out of you."

"Isn't that my job?" he countered, as he finished unwrapping all but my waist area.

"Not tonight," I responded, giving every possible hint without coming right out and saying it.

"Well, I already really like this present, ma'am," he said, giving in to the idea of me being in charge, although still oblivious to my real intent.

"Ready for your gift?" I asked.

"I think I've already received it," he said, his hand going to my wrapped ass.

"Oh, trust me, you haven't received it yet," I responded, my tone dripping with innuendo and playful banter, "but any moment now..." kind of enjoying his failure to catch on to my rather blunt hints.

In one quick tug, he pulled off the rest of the wrapping paper. Going for broke I leapt up, posed in front of him, hips forward, my cock on proud display, and asked, "Like your present?"

His eyes went wide.

He stared at the cock between my legs.

His mouth dropped open.

He was speechless for likely the first time since our first date, when I'd gone down on him in a relatively empty movie theatre.

I explained, as I couldn't read if he was excited or mortified... shock the only clear emotion written on his face, "I found your pegging searches on your laptop by accident."

"Ohhhh," he finally said, still trying to process the fact that I was wearing a cock and since he was still on his knees from unwrapping me, that it was now staring him directly in the face. I stifled a giggle, thinking of the 'L-O-L-A Lola' song: 'I looked at her and she at me'.

"Do you like?" I asked, grasping my cock in my right hand and jacking it for him.

"Um, I... err," he struggled to speak.

I dropped the coquettish playing around, dropped to one knee and looked him reassuringly in the face, "Honey, recently I've done a lot of researching on pegging and if it's something you want to try, I'm all for it. I think it makes you even more of a man," I added, sensing he was struggling with the manhood issue.

He replied sheepishly, "It's something I've been curious about for a while."

I moved closer to him and kissed him. When I broke the kiss I smiled, "You know you can tell me anything, honey."

"I know," he nodded, still struggling with the manhood piece.

"Look honey, your gift tonight is to receive a good hard fucking," I said bluntly, stroking his raging hard cock and knowing it was time for me to take control.

He groaned at my words and at my stroking his cock.

I moved to his ear and asked, "Do you want a good hard fucking?"

"Yes," he whispered, as his entire body trembled while I tugged on his ear with my teeth.

"Yes, what?" I led the witness, getting a rush from being the aggressive one... he often made me beg for his cock.

"Yes, I want a good hard fucking," he admitted with another groan.

"Have you ever been pegged before?" I asked, moving my lips to the side of his neck.

"No," he admitted.

"Has anything ever been in this butt?" I questioned, as I gave one cheek a firm squeeze.

"Just my finger," he answered.

"So I'll be taking your anal cherry?" I asked.

"Just like I took yours," my husband responded more boldly, the confident man I've always known beginning to emerge.

"Tit for tat," I joked, as I kissed him again before ordering him brusquely, "Go to the bedroom and get undressed."

"Okay," he nodded, looking as excited for a pegging as he'd been when I offered him my ass last year.

A rush of adrenaline coursed through me at the power shift occurring right before my eyes as I watched him rush submissively upstairs to the bedroom.

I poured two glasses of wine, grabbed the lube, and ambled leisurely to the bedroom ready to give and give.

Once in our room, I saw Jake in bed under the sheets. I smiled as I walked over and handed him a glass of wine, "Nervous?"

"Yes," he nodded. "And still a little shocked."

"I was too when I found your google search," I admitted.

"I imagine," he laughed uncomfortably.

Wanting to make it clear I hadn't been spying in his computer, I explained, "I wasn't snooping. I went to google to type in praxis and when I entered the letter 'p' all the pegging searches showed up."

"Oh," he said, looking at me sheepishly.

"Don't feel ashamed," I said, joining him on the bed. "We should be able to share any of our fantasies."

"But this one is kinda gay," he said.

"I thought so too at first," I admitted. "But as I did a bit more research I began to realize it was just another branch of a man's sexuality and there was no reason why it couldn't be another branch of mine too."

"Do you have fantasies I don't know about?" he asked.

"Maybe," I smiled, coyly batting my eyes.

"Tell me," he said.

"Well, I'd be lying if I told you the idea of munching on a nice shaved snatch didn't turn me on," I replied wickedly.

"That can be arranged," he responded too quickly.

"Men!" I teased.

"It's every man's fantasy," he pointed out.

"To watch his wife eat another woman's wet cunt?" I asked, loving to use the 'c' word with him.

"A 69, a strap-on cock, tribbing, anything," he admitted, "if you're talking about you and another hot girl doing things together while I watch, you can write your own ticket."

"Tribbing?" I asked, not a term I actually knew.

"Two girls rubbing their pussies together," he explained.

"Ohhhh," I nodded, something I'd seen in porn films, but hadn't realized had its own term.

"Can I pick the girl?" he asked.

Deciding to see if he would be so excited about all my fantasies, I added, "I also would like to be triple-teamed. Would you choose the extra guys too?"

"That took a quick turn away from the hot chick," he laughed.

"Hey, I'm a horny, horny girl," I pointed out.

"Maybe you can be triple-teamed by hot girls with strap-ons," he countered.

"Men!" I repeated with a giggle as I stood back up and grabbed the lube. As I stroked my cock to a slick sheen, I asked, "Ready?"

"It seems you are," he laughed awkwardly, "I've never seen you this hard."

"That's not the question I asked," I pointed out, as I continued to coat my dick generously with lube.

"Yes, I'm ready," he answered, although he didn't move.

"Then get on all fours," I ordered.

"Yes, ma'am," he saluted, as I pulled the sheets off of him and he moved into position.

"I see Big D is excited," I pointed out, staring at his fully erect cock.

"He is," he nodded, Big D being the nickname I'd given his cock. The 'D' standing for 'Delicious'.

I moved behind him once he was on all fours and asked, "Is this what you were expecting tonight?"

"Not even in the slightest," he said, his body trembling a bit as I poured lube down his ass crack.

I moved my cock to his puckered asshole and asked, "Ready to be my bitch tonight?"

"Any night," he answered, as he turned away from me and grabbed a pillow.

I teased, recalling him saying these exact same words a year ago, "This may hurt a bit, sweet cheeks."

Before he could respond, I pushed forward and watched my smallest cock begin to disappear inside his virgin ass.

"Oooooooh," he groaned. Actually it was a whimper, and truthfully the first one I'd ever heard from him in like forever.

Like the article had promised, I felt a huge wave of power course through me as I slowly penetrated my man. The role reversal was already exhilarating and I wasn't even really fucking him yet... I was just filling him up with a single inexorable push.

"Slow," he requested.

"I can do that. But you need to know that this is the small dildo," I pointed out, before adding, "I have two more gifts for you still hidden away, and the night is still very young."

"Ohhhhh," he moaned, as I kept slithering up inside his virgin ass.

A moment later, I was all the way inside.

I'd read somewhere to give him a minute to get used to being filled, just like he'd done last year once he'd filled my ass with his much bigger cock.

I announced, "All in."

"Okay," he nodded, and to my surprise, he began slowly fucking himself.

I slapped his ass smartly, grabbed his hips and scolded him. "That's my job, you little slut."

Calling him a 'slut' was surreal, as was his subservient response, "Sorry, ma'am." He was not one for apologizing of course, and neither was I. But special occasions call for new rules, and I could tell he was really getting into our role reversals.

Another rush of adrenaline at seeing my masculine man not only with a dick in his ass, but being so subservient... being me... coursed through me... so I began slowly moving in and out of him.

"Ooooooh," he whimpered again... which made me wonder what I sounded like when he was fucking me... did we women sound the way we thought we sounded, or did we sound more like small helpless animals?

"You like this?" I asked, after half a dozen slow in and out thrusts.

"Yes," he admitted, no shame remaining in his voice, only pleasure.

"Good, because I think I like being the one doing the giving," I said, as I watched the cock go in and out of his ass.

I kept slowly fucking him, loving the sounds coming from him, until he requested, "Please, faster."

I didn't even hesitate as I grasped his hips more tightly, and began fucking him faster.

He groaned loudly, "Oh yes."

My juices leaked out of me slightly as I began slamming into him, feeling such a rush.

"Oh God, Janelle," he moaned loudly, as he began bouncing back onto me.

"You want to be fucked like a little slut?" I growled, as I watched him bounce back against me like I often did when I was nearing orgasm.

"Oh yes, God, I can't believe how good this feels," he whimpered, eagerly bouncing on my cock.

"You close, my little slut?" I asked.

"It feels so amazing," he answered. "My cock is about to burst."

"Jerk off," I ordered, as we kept fucking, as my leg began to cramp.

He quickly moved his right hand to his cock and began stroking his own cock while he rode mine.

"That's it, come for me, baby," I purred, "Come like my little slut."

"Oh yes, fuck," he groaned.

"Now slut, come for me... NOW!!" I demanded, slamming into him as hard as I could.

"Yesssss!" he screamed like a bitch in heat, spewing his load all over the sheets.

As he kept bouncing back, I kept fucking his ass until he was done coming.

I pulled out and said, "Wow!"

He rolled over onto his back and agreed weakly, "Wow!"

I took the harness off and straddled his face with my glistening pussy, "Fucking your ass got me super wet."

"I can't believe we just did that," he said, looking up at me dazed.

I smiled, looking down at him, "Did you like your Christmas present?"

He nodded, "Best present ever," before he leaned up and began licking.

I moaned on contact, knowing this was going to be a quick orgasm and the beginning of an entire new sex life for us both.

THE END

