
Home | Krosis of the Collective's Page « Controlling Sister Index |   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: December 02, 2015 - 09:39:02 pm
Updated: December 05, 2015 - 07:57:16 am

I was playing with my dick while watching an R rated movie on the small TV in my room. The main girl character was getting fucked in the back seat of a car, and not entirely willingly ... she wasn't saying no but not saying yes either, y'know?

There wasn't actually anything more than a bit of momentary boobshot and lots of gasping and suggestive movement, but I had just turned 14 and hadn't seen any female nudity, other than in that porno mag I had found under my parents' bed, and that was just pictures. This had movement and sound and was the hottest thing I had ever seen in my young life.

I know, kind of pathetic in this day and age; this was back in the 1980's, though. Late night nudity and fake sex on the movie channel and porno mags were pretty much all we had for titillation, and I didn't have a girlfriend either.

The main guy character in the movie grunted and shook a bit, and the girl gasped. I realized that something momentous had just happened, and then all of a sudden my dick felt really good, and then it felt like I needed to pee RIGHT NOW!

I rushed from my room to the bathroom, flinging the door open and hoping not to piss everywhere in my mad dash. I directed my dick to the toilet and ... nothing. I couldn't pee. Confused, I returned to my room. The movie had moved on to less interesting things so I went to bed.

I realized later that I had actually had my first orgasm. The feeling of needing to pee was actually my first ejaculation, but cut off partway through. Yes, everyone knows that now, with sex education available early in school and porn a click away, but like I said, it was the 80's. Also, I lived in a small town that didn't believe in teaching sex ed until you were older. That's pretty damn stupid, as kids can get pregnant at my age, and sometimes even younger!

Anyway, those weren't the only firsts that occurred that night.

After I went to sleep I dreamed I was floating up, out of my bed. I felt cold, and then I was wrenched to the side. I couldn't see anything. This had never happened before.

Then I stopped, settling back down. I felt warmth return to my body.

I awoke, sitting up in the darkness. I felt kind of weird. My head...

I moved my hand up and touched my hair ... my long hair. I suddenly had hair going down to my shoulders!

Surprised, I felt the wrenching sensation return, and then I was lying down again. I sat up once more, touching my hair to confirm it went only down to my ears. Also, my body felt ... right ... again.

Confused, I fell back asleep.

In the morning I was awoken to my sister banging on my door.

"Get up VD! You're going to be late for school!" she called.

My fucking sister. She was almost 3 years older than me at 16 but acted like she was my mother sometimes. Oh, and my name isn't VD, it's JP, short for Jean-Paul. My sister Marie has called me VD ever since I wrote "JP" a little sloppily on an assignment a few weeks ago and she thought it looked like "VD". That stands for venereal disease, a term she had learned in health class last year (yes, 15 was just old enough for sex education in our town).

She never called me VD when our parents were around, of course, which meant that they had already left for work and I really was going to be late for school. I heard Marie go out the back door on the way to that very place and then I rushed about getting ready.

I don't remember many dreams but the previous night's was particularly vivid. I recalled that besides the longer hair there were other odd things ... feelings ... but I couldn't put my finger on what they were.

Oh crap, I thought, I was daydreaming again, and was going to be late for school!

I had actually been late to school that morning, and Marie had heard about it somehow. After I got back home she took great delight informing Mom and Dad about it. I got grounded from seeing my friends for 3 days.

I caught up to her alone in the basement living room while she was watching TV alone. "Bitch," I said to her.

She just turned that petulant frown of hers -- which these days is referred to as "bitchy resting face" -- on me, gave me a stare, and then turned back to her program.

She was pulling this crap all the time, treating me like I was a little kid, and I was pissed off! My face got hot, and...

... the wrenching feeling again, though it stopped almost instantly.

I was sitting down now. But I had been standing...

... just like the boy standing in front of me now. I looked up into the boy's face, which I realized was my face, though it looked kind of strange because normally I only see my face in a mirror, and this was not a mirror image.

I looked down. The first thing I noticed was long, shapely legs crossed under me. The next thing I noticed was the pair of boobs pushing out the tight t-shirt I was wearing. I had boobs!?

I took a moment, never having seen breasts at this angle before. And then I realized...

I was my sister! Or I was in her body, anyway.

I looked back at my body. I was just standing there, looking at me, er, my sister. My body hadn't crumpled to the ground like you'd expect it to if nobody was controlling it.

As I thought about this I realized I could still feel "myself" ... my own body. I concentrated, raising "my" hand and waving at, er, me. So Marie and I hadn't swapped consciousnesses; she wasn't in my body and me in hers. I was in both!

Just then Mom called us to dinner and the surprise snapped me back into my own body. Marie was sitting on the couch in front of me, looking confused as I stopped waving at her and put my hand down.

I went upstairs to wash my hands. Mom had to call Marie to dinner again, as it seemed that my sister hadn't heard her the first time. Did Marie have no recollection of what had happened while I had been in possession of her body?

After dinner I finished my homework and watched The A-Team with the whole family, and pretty soon it was time for bed.

I lay in bed, thinking. This new ability ... it had started pretty much right after my first orgasm. I was becoming a man, growing underarm and pubic hair ... my voice was changing...

Oh my God, I thought, I'm a mutant! Like the X-Men! Or, more specifically, Professor X.

The possibilities were unlimited! I could control anyone: teachers, police officers, even my parents!

I tried reaching my mind out towards my parents' bedroom, to my Dad. I concentrated really hard...

Nothing. I tried my Mom as well ... also nothing. I even tried to control Ribbons, our kitten. Nada. What had happened to my power?

It would have been nice to control one of my parents. They made the decisions and had all the power, and I could use one of them to ground my stupid sister and she wouldn't be able to do anything about it.

I turned on my TV and it was already on the movie channel. I hoped this movie had some nudity and/or sex in it. Sure enough, about halfway through the main female character went full frontal and jumped the bones of one of the male characters, actually being quite enthusiastic about it as she pushed him back on his bed. I had never seen a woman act anything like this before, and my dick was quite hard as I stroked it.

Then I was aware of ... a sound? ... reaching not my ears but I could hear it in my head. A woman, gasping in pleasure, but separate from the sound of the movie. Where was it coming from?

The wrenching sensation came again, and I was lying back, looking down my body, between my bent legs as I watched the same movie on a slightly larger screen.

Pleasure radiated out from between my legs, such as I had never felt before. Two of my fingers were hooked into a crevice where the base of my penis would normally be, and I was gasping from how good that penetration felt. I reflexively continued to move my fingers as I watched the sexy movie, bumping a little nub that felt really good! I could feel my body building to something, something...

Ecstasy exploded out from between my legs, seeming to shoot inside "my" body from where my fingers were into some place inside I had no understanding of. From there it raced up my spine, blossoming into my chest and nipples. My back arched as I cried out, overwhelmed by the kind of orgasm that had never been experienced by a male before.

It was too much, and the wrenching feeling came again. I was back in my body, my hand on my dick, which was as hard as a rock. I could hear someone gasping in the next room, and then silence.

I started tugging on my cock and I felt the need to pee start again, but by now I had realized it wasn't that at all. I kept going, thinking about what had just happened in what I now realized was my sister's room. She had been watching the same movie, and playing with herself as well!

I could feel something building in my cock, similar but different to what I had just experienced while in control of Marie. Within a few seconds there was a spasming feeling behind my crotch, a feeling of something rushing up my cock shaft, and then I was spewing hot liquid from my dick, not pee but thick. It felt incredible as I shot spurt after spurt from it, making a mess on my floor, but I didn't care.

Finally I lay back on my bed, my softening cock springing back and coating my belly with a splat.

As I lay there my faculties returned. Okay, so it seemed that I had the power to take over my sister's mind, but nobody else in the family? What a rip-off!

Also, for some reason I hadn't maintained my consciousness in my own body while in my sister's this time. When I had snapped back into my own body I had just been sitting there, unmoving. Why was that?

After my first full orgasm (my first male one, anyway), it was easy to get to sleep.

I woke up after my sister had left but this time managed to get to school on time.

I knew I had to investigate this ability further, but couldn't really do anything about it at school. Or could I?

In between classes I tried to control some of Marie's friends in the hall. Nope, nothing. I was then able to briefly jump into Marie's mind as she walked by, causing her to trip. I jumped right back out and snickered at her pratfall.

Okay, so I could only control my sister. What could I do with that?

There were some options, I supposed, but first I had to make sure of something...

When I got home Marie was downstairs watching TV again. This time I made sure she didn't see me before I put the "whammy" on her.

Once I was in her head my real body stepped around the corner. As before, I could see her and I could see me in a kind of strange feedback loop.

I slapped her right across the face. OW! That fucking hurt, as it was currently my face too! This time, though, I managed to keep myself in her head, instead of jumping out like the last time I was surprised.

I moved my real body back around the corner, out of sight, and then I withdrew myself from Marie's head. The pain of the slap on my face immediately disappeared.

For me, anyway. I could hear Marie gasp at the sudden discomfort left behind on her cheek.

I heard, "What the fuck?" as I quietly slipped upstairs. Yep, she had no recollection of the time when I was in her head.

That night I considered what to do about this new ability. Yes, I could take over my sister's body, but why? To put on makeup and be a bitch?

I know what you're thinking: why didn't I just use this newfound power to start fucking my sister? Well, either you've never had a bitchy older sister or you're some sort of incestuous freak, because I was not attracted to her.

Not at first, anyway.

I finalized my plan for the next day and whacked off at the thought. After I was done I easily fell asleep again.

At school the next day, near the end of math class, I asked the teacher if I could go to the bathroom. Sitting on one of the toilets, I cast my thoughts out toward my sister, where I knew she would be at this time of day. It took a moment, maybe because of the distance, but then the wrenching feeling came and I was looking through Marie's eyes again...

... at mostly naked girls! Marie had P.E. during my math class, and now near the end of the period everyone was getting naked and showering! I scanned the change room, spotting Christine van der Valk, a girl I had a crush on. The cute dirty blonde had just removed her shirt and bra, showing off some nice boobs, the small nipples surrounded by large pink circles, which I now know are called areolae.

I could feel my own nipples harden at the sight, except they were in the wrong place, too far down and away from my body. I looked down...

My sister didn't have her shirt or bra on either! I froze, looking top-down at Marie's firm breasts. Unlike Christine, Marie's areolae were small. I couldn't look away. I felt damp between my legs.

After some moments I managed to look back up. Christine was gone and several other girls were heading toward what must have been the shower, if the girls' change room's floor plan mirrored the boys'. I looked at Marie's unused towel that was next to where I was sitting and realized that she hadn't showered yet.

I quickly stood up and pulled down Marie's gym shorts. Carefully, almost reverently, I then lowered her panties.

There, before me, though upside down, were the first real female genitalia I had ever seen. She had a V of dark hair tapering down to her vaginal lips, which were distended and I could see a slight glistening on them. I thought that must have been why it felt damp down there. Sweat?

As a male, it was really fucking weird to be looking at my crotch and not seeing my cock looking back at me. I didn't quite know how I felt about that.

I then realized what Marie must have looked like, just standing there, staring at her own twat. I quickly stood back up, removed her shoes and socks, grabbed her towel, and headed to the showers.

There were lots of naked girls there! I tried not to be too obvious as I did my best to memorize the naughty bits of all of them. There was Rose Arroyo, a short but cute girl of Spanish descent, her boobs huge and her ass almost as big. Tall Ellen (what was her name ... Davies?), with her long legs and bushy beaver keeping me from seeing what she had between her legs, though she had some nice tits that glistened from the water that cascaded down her lithe form.

I figured I had enough "money" for the "spank bank" and withdrew my consciousness from my sister. As before, my body had just been sitting there while my mind was elsewhere, though my dick was super hard from all the girl flesh I had peeped at. I stood up, whipped my cock out, and quickly whacked off a load into the toilet.

After school on Fridays Marie had extracurricular gymnastics. When she got home she had to take another shower. I thought about all the girls I had seen earlier in the day, naked and glistening as the water ran down their bodies, and got hard.

I headed to my room to whack off, but then thought back to that time I had jumped into my sister while she had been pleasuring herself. That had been incredibly intense, though I had been slipped out of her head before I got the entire experience.

Not this time, I decided. I sat on my bed and concentrated on my sister in the bathroom shower.

And then I was her. I could feel the water from the shower hitting my chest, making my nipples tingle. My long hair was wet and I was nice and warm.

I couldn't feel me in my original body, though. Was it something to do with sight, or distance?

I didn't really want to think about it right then. I turned from the spray, bending and looking down between Marie's legs. Her pussy lips looked back at me. I experimented, using my fingers to move those lips apart, to push one finger between them a bit to see if I could find that nub that felt so good when I had touched it before.

After a bit I found it, though it was really sensitive so I had to lightly brush it. I lifted one foot to the lip of the tub so I could access her pussy easier.

As I lightly rubbed that nub, which I now know to be a clitoris, I managed to push my finger further up inside Marie's pussy. It felt so weird, having a hole instead of a penis there, but the penetration felt good! I thought about Christine, Rose, and Ellen, naked in the change room, each of those girls with different body types but all of them beautiful and sexy in their own way. It got easier for my finger to slip inside my sister's vagina.

Her clit was less sensitive now so I rubbed that while getting another finger into her pussy. Her boobs were tingling so I moved a hand to squeeze one while continuing to finger her pussy and rub her clit with that same hand's thumb. I was a quick learner, it seemed.

I thought about Christine van der Valk, half naked with her boobs pointing at me as I walked toward her in the girls' change room. I kissed her passionately, our boobs rubbing against each other as we continued our embrace. I reached down, slipping my fingers into her shorts, searching for her pussy as she did the same to me. As I fantasized I squeezed Marie's nipple.

The orgasm hit me suddenly, Marie's pussy squeezing my fingers. Something deep inside me spasmed or convulsed, causing sparks behind my eyes and sending an explosion of pleasure outward. I lost my balance...

I snapped back into my own body as I heard the loud THUNK from the bathroom.

"OW!" I heard Marie yell. My Mom was outside the bathroom door in a flash, asking if she was all right.

"Yeah ... just slipped or something," I heard my sister call out. She didn't sound so sure ... I smiled.

When my Mom went back to what she was doing I pulled out my cock and shot my wad within a few seconds. The male orgasm wasn't as powerful as a female's, I thought, but maybe that was because I was more familiar with my own body, and experiencing it from within a female body was all new?

That night I lay in my bed, thinking about all I had experienced since I found my new power a couple of days previous. I couldn't control anyone but my sister, but I was making the best I could of that limitation. What else could I do with her?

Despite my fantasy in the shower earlier, she probably wouldn't be able to help me fuck some of her friends or classmates. Maybe I could take her over when she had one of her sleepovers? And then what? Try to guess which of those girls had lesbian or bi tendencies? That seemed a dead end.

I was pretty sure Marie was already asleep. I projected my mind into hers.

I left my sister's room with her nightie still on and slipped into my room. As I passed through the door my consciousness seemed to kind of split and then I could feel my own body as well, looking back at me.

Hm, the pronouns are getting confusing. I'll use "me" and "female me", okay?

Let's have some fun, I thought. Female me whispered, "Oh, JP, you're so awesome! I'm just a stupid girl," in a singy-songy voice. Heh.

I had her pull her mouth wide, tongue out, and cross her eyes. She looked pretty stupid.

What else could I do? Marie was in better shape than me, with the gymnastics and all...

Female me bent over and touched her toes easily. As she did so I got a good look at her nicely curved panty-covered ass and toned legs. I wasn't attracted to my sister but my cock did stir.

Hmm...

Female me came and sat on the edge of my bed, helping to remove my underwear and taking a hold of my cock, stroking it slowly. Her hand was warm and, as I thought it might, it felt differently for me than if I was masturbating myself.

I looked over at female me, but it was my stupid sister's face that was looking back. That turned me off so I closed my eyes and lay back on the bed. I thought about the naked girls in the change room and female me's hand moved faster on my cock. She also slipped her other hand into her undies to play with herself.

Pretty soon I was getting close, my hips rising up. Female me sped up her movements and within seconds I was spewing cum everywhere.

Female me had been using her good hand on my cock and hadn't been able to reach orgasm herself with the other, so she pulled her panties down, moved her good hand to her pussy, and started to slip her fingers inside.

That was the hand I had just been spewing sperm onto, but neither of us considered that. Female me found that she was able to get two fingers deep inside herself easily, moving them in and out with little resistance as her other hand manipulated her clit. Unknown to either of me, a couple of fingerfulls of my sperm were now swimming up inside my sister's overheated vagina.

The sexiness of masturbating myself with my sister's hand had female me cumming on her fingers in no time, her spasming pussy urging my incestuous seed deeper within my oblivious sister's body.

Both of me were tired now, so I directed female me to get her panties back on and then she headed back to my sister's room. Female me laid there for a while, not wanting to leave my sister's mind too quickly in case it left her awake. Finally, I gently withdrew my consciousness from her mind and waited. After a few more minutes I knew I had gotten away with it and drifted off to dreamland.

Did I mention that my sister had a boyfriend? No? Well, Scott was his name, and he was the guy that bullied me in school just a few years ago.

"Hey, VD," he nodded to me as he headed out the door with my sister under his arm. Goddamn sister, I thought ... of course she would tell him about her stupid nickname for me. A few minutes later I realized I could have taken over her mind and told him not to call her brother that, but by that point they were gone, kinda like when you think of the perfect comeback after someone disses you, but far too late. I sighed.

An hour or so later I thought about projecting myself into Marie's head, but couldn't find her. I figured there must have been some sort of distance limit, or I needed to know where she was, or maybe I needed to get stronger? I didn't know.

Marie got home in the evening but within her curfew. She had a stupid smile on her stupid face as she went to bed.

That same stupid face was looking at me again as female me approached my bed that night. I was going to try a blowjob tonight.

Female me put her head above my chest so I only saw her hair and then she licked my cock. That felt awesome! Female me took the head of my cock in her mouth and sucked a little. More awesome!

Even with my limited experience I knew that "blow" was just an expression, so I didn't hurt myself.

Female me took more of my cock in her mouth, sucking harder. Then she pulled away, disgusted.

I realized that this felt really gay. I mean, it was one thing to whack myself off with my hand while thinking about fucking girls, but to actually suck my own cock? Nobody but me could actually do that, but I was in both minds a boy, and boys don't suck boys' cocks unless they're gay, right?

Female me started whacking me off again. Once again I could see my sister's stupid face and it turned me off.

This time female me had an idea and she clambered onto my chest, her back to me. Now I couldn't see her face and she continued with my cock.

I tried to think of the naked girls in the change room but was distracted by the feel of strong, warm legs hugging my torso. In the dim light I could make out the curves of female me's body through her nightie as she continued to whack me off. I moved my hands under her nightie and felt the swell of her hips, curving up to a slim waist. I rubbed female me's lower back and that felt good to her.

Finally, I could take no more and started to spurt. Female me directed the gobs of cum away from her so that her nightie wouldn't get messed up. When I had finished, female me again jammed her spermy fingers into her pussy, making herself cum and pushing more dangerous seed inside herself as she did so. Again, neither of us was aware of the sperm that she slipped inside of herself, or knew the dangers of it, since we were still two years from a sex education class.

On Sunday Marie was in a bad fucking mood. I heard her telling Mom about blackouts she had been experiencing lately, and I realized I would have to be careful about when I took her over. Later, she commandeered the downstairs TV and I almost took command so that I could watch what I wanted, but then decided against it. I didn't want her to suspect anything.

That night I took Marie over again but this time something was different. She was wearing flannel pajamas and there was something in her panties that wasn't comfortable at all. Turning on the light, female me found a plasticky paper pad down there, and when she moved it she could see blood! Oh gross, I thought, she's having her period!

Female me didn't want anything to do with that, so she went back to bed and then I whacked myself off.

Marie's period lasted a whole week. While I was happy to masturbate myself each night, and sometimes during the day, it was better when she did it for me. When I finally entered her mind 7 nights later and found her back in her nightie, with no pad, I was elated.

I tried something new that night, getting on all fours while female me came from behind, reached around, and masturbated me. It was awkward but satisfying, and I didn't have to see my sister's face while getting off.

The next night, because the previous night's position had been so awkward, both of us sat on the bed, female me behind, reaching around to whack me off, her boobs pressing against my back. This time, however, after I finished, female me pulled my hand back and directed it to her pussy. Since she was behind me I again didn't have to see my sister's face, and her moans were generic enough that she could have been any girl. By the time she orgasmed -- which didn't take long because it was my hand and not hers pleasuring her -- I was hard again. She went back to sitting on my chest while she whacked me off, but this time I reached around and played with her clit and pussy at the same time. We came together.

It went on like this for another week, sometimes her in front of me, sometimes me in front of her, as we masturbated each other. Now it was normal for us to cum multiple times a night. I was getting pretty familiar with how to make female me orgasm. This whole experience helped me to become a better lover later in life.

The next night, however, something was different again. When I projected myself into my sister's head, female me found herself in bed completely naked.

She entered my room and surprised me with her nakedness as well. I had been mostly avoiding looking at Marie's body during our mutual masturbation sessions because she was my stupid repulsive sister, but now, because I was turned on by the promise of a handjob from a hand that wasn't my own, I was looking at the body of a very sexy naked girl approaching my bed. I avoided looking up at her face.

Female me climbed onto my chest again, her back to me, and I lay back. As she skillfully manipulated my cock I got a closer look at my sister's body, no longer hidden by her nightie. I tilted to the right and saw the underside of one of her breasts bouncing up and down as that arm likewise rose and fell as she pleasured me.

Something was definitely different that night. Through our mental connection female me was getting turned on due to me getting turned on by the sight and feel of her warm, curvy, naked body straddling my chest. Female me, without panties, felt the warm skin of my chest against her pussy lips. She started to move her hips a bit, generating a slight friction against them. That felt good!

She moved her hips forward so that on each down stroke on my cock her thumb knuckle bumped her clitoris. It felt fantastic.

Finally, I reached my peak and orgasmed, my cum splashing on female me's stomach due to how close her body had gotten to my cock. Immediately she directed her good hand to her pussy to finish herself off, my sperm dripping down her stomach, soaking her pubes while she did so.

For some reason female me was hornier than usual. She directed me to sit behind her and play with her pussy until she came again, but by this point the semen in her pubes had dripped down more, inundating her pussy lips with dangerous sperm as I inadvertently pushed some of it inside her. Before long she was cumming again, and a few more of my incestuous swimmers went on the flume ride of life.

The next night, Marie was again naked when I took her over. The weather hadn't been any warmer lately so I was still confused as to the lack of nightie, but finally figured that maybe it was in the laundry. I had done my best to keep it clean of evidence, so it wasn't my nocturnal emissions that had dirtied it.

Female me went straight to straddling me again, since that worked so well for her last time. This time, though, she moved her pussy lips forward as she rubbed them on my skin and they bumped against the base of my cock. This felt really good to her so she continued to apply pressure, her pussy lips parting around the base of my cock shaft as she moved her hand up and down, though not as far down my shaft because her pussy was now in the way.

Trying to make the feelings stronger, female me raised her hips a bit, sliding her pussy lips up my shaft a little, and then back down. I liked that feeling too, though it was softer than her hand.

This new activity really worked for female me, who started to cum. This hadn't happened before; normally I came first. As she shook from orgasm her hips lifted higher and the head of my cock bounced off her clit. This heightened her orgasm and she made sure to bounce her clit off my cock head a few more times before she finished, collapsing forward, trapping my engorged cock between our bodies.

I waited until female me recovered, and then I thrust my hips a little to indicate I wasn't done. The movement of my cock along her pussy lips brought female me back to her senses. It still felt really fucking good to her.

She sat back up, considering my penis and how wonderful the tip had felt against her pleasure button. She rose up and nestled the head of my cock in the hood near the top of her vaginal lips where her clit was, wiggling her hips and savoring the feeling of it there.

Then she started to bounce a little on it. The cock head slipped out from the top of her pussy lips and then back into place. I felt very warm flesh around my cock head but not a lot of movement. On the next uplift from her I shifted my hips a little.

Suddenly I felt wet warmth surround my cock head. It felt absolutely incredible!

Female me gasped at the sudden pleasurably intrusive feeling. On that last bounce my cock had somehow gone into her vagina a little. She had managed to get each of their fingers in there before but had no idea how much could actually go up there.

I wanted to find out, and so did I.

She lifted up a bit, keeping my cock head just inside her borrowed vagina, and then pushed down again. Her earlier orgasm, as well as certain biological processes that occur a couple weeks after a woman's period, created enough lubrication that she was able to get half of my cock inside her without much effort.

As good as it had felt for both of us to get the first little bit of cock inside her, these couple extra inches ramped up that pleasure dramatically. On the next bounce I was 3/4 of the way inside, and then on the next I was all the way inside her.

My 14-year-old cock was now deep inside my 16-year-old sister's fertile, unprotected pussy, and she was completely unaware.

We both paused to savor the feelings. My cock was completely surrounded by hot flesh. It was 100 times better than when she was masturbating me with her hand!

Female me felt so incredibly full, deep inside! My male mind within her female body had been able to handle the female orgasm and some fingers up inside her vagina, but this was definitely a feeling that no man was ever prepared to feel! She wanted more.

She raised her hips up again, pulling halfway up my shaft, and then moved down slowly, still getting used to the feelings. I was lying back, enjoying the incredible heat of my sister's forbidden depths gripping and rubbing all along my cock shaft.

Female me had "tested the waters" enough by this point, and started to bounce on my cock harder and faster.

It was the greatest feeling either of us had ever experienced before. Both of me wanted to do nothing more than what I was doing right then and there.

Female me bounced on my cock more vigorously, making sure to impact her clit on my crotch on the down stroke. Deep inside, she could feel she was building up to a huge orgasm.

I was getting near my end as well. I didn't know if I should tell female me to get off before I blew. Did it matter?

Female me came first, slamming her pussy down hard on my primed babymaker as her back arched and her body shook in an incredibly strong orgasm.

Her pussy muscles, strengthened by her gymnastics, squeezed my cock as she came. This set me off ... I grunted as I also experienced the most powerful orgasm of my young life, spurred on by the walls of female me's vagina as they gripped my cock, urging my creamy load up, up my shaft.

The sensation of my cock expanding deep within her and the warm wet feeling of my cum blasting her insides only heightened female me's pleasure. She peaked and, overwhelmed, her mind snapped back into my own. I didn't notice this right away, partly because my sister was now experiencing the most powerful orgasm of her life and couldn't do anything but moan, gasp, and writhe on my cock. The other reason I didn't notice was because I was a little distracted spewing hot sperm-filled semen into my first pussy and it was fucking marvelous!

I felt spurt after spurt of incestuous seed shoot from my cock deep inside my sister's unprotected vagina. I was overcome by the incredible feelings and could only lie there, shaking.

Finally, I came to my senses and realized I wasn't in my sister's head anymore. Marie was actually present, still gasping as she finished shaking from the pleasure! I quickly jumped into her mind again.

How much had Marie experienced? What was I going to do? Female me raised herself up, freeing my cock and loosing a river of semen onto my lap. It just kept coming out! I realized I couldn't send her back to her bed with my stuff dripping out of her ... then she'd know that what she had just experienced was real, rather than a vivid dream!

As I cleaned myself up female me went to the bathroom and sat on the toilet, waiting as the white stuff slipped out of her cooch. It was taking too long, so she decided to get a bath going, doing her best to be quiet. When it was ready she climbed in and held her vaginal lips apart, trying to let the warm water inside so it could flush the cum out.

Holding her pussy lips open like that in the nice warm water made her feel horny again. She pushed 2 fingers inside herself, playing with her clit until she came again.

After a few more minutes she stood up and only a few drops of cum slipped out of her pussy with the water. She had done it! What she didn't realize was that some of the sperm had actually been pulled further inside her very fertile reproductive system when she had orgasmed.

She dried off and went to bed, but stayed in her sister's mind. If her sister was let free now, would she freak out? She was too afraid to let go for fear of discovery.

After a while she fell asleep.

I woke up to the sound of knocking on my door. My dad called, "Kids! Get up or you'll be late for school!

"Okay Dad," I responded with my sister's voice.

OH SHIT! I was still in Marie's body! Based on how this power seemed to work, my real body was laying in my own bed, unmoving.

I rushed to the door, flinging it open. My dad was there, about to knock on my own body's door as well. As he turned his eyes grew wide in shock as he looked down at my body...

... my naked body! Marie was still not wearing anything! I quickly slammed the door in Dad's face.

"Um," I heard my Dad say on the other side of the door.

I called through the door, "Dad, I think JP is sick. He didn't sound so good last night."

I jumped from Marie's mind to mine, faked a wracking cough, and jumped back to Marie. It seemed like I had timed it right, as she hadn't moved.

"Okay, I'll ... let the school know," Dad said, moving away from the door.

I didn't know what to do. If I jumped out of Marie's mind, would she freak out because of last night, or would she think it was a dream? The longer I waited the worse it might be when I finally left her mind.

Finally, I got back into Marie's bed, lay down, closed my eyes, and receded from her. I found myself lying in my own bed, and waited.

I heard a muffled, "Shit!" in the next room, and then hurried movement. Within a few minutes Marie rushed out of her room and out the door to school.

I smiled. I was safe!

I stayed home that day, "sick", mostly masturbating, thinking about the previous night. Female me had actually fucked me! I didn't realize that's how it worked, but it made sense now.

Unfortunately, I still didn't know how babies were made, or I wouldn't have done any of that, or any of what was to come.

I again took control of my sister after she went to bed that night. I wanted more sex!

Female me lay back on my bed and directed my face down to her crotch. I had seen this in that porno magazine but didn't know what it was about. Now that I had more experience with female genitals I knew what I had to do.

I licked around female me's vaginal lips, and as they lubricated I switched to her clit, flicking it with my tongue. I could tell when I was doing the right thing because of the mental connection between both of me. As I licked her clit more I pushed a finger into her pussy, and then two.

I was able to bring female me to orgasm within a few minutes. My cock was as hard as a rock now.

I still didn't want to see my sister's stupid face so I had her get on all fours facing away from me, her butt in the air. I pushed my cock at her very wet slit, lubricating the head. Within no time I was thrusting my cock into my sister's hot pussy again.

As before, it felt incredible for both of us. I knew I was going to do this a lot. No more mutual masturbation!

I bottomed out in her cunt in no time. I looked down at her body, which could have been any sexy young woman's body because she was facing away from me. I caressed her trim waist, moving my hands to her hips, getting a nice grip, and then I started to really give it to her.

She liked that a lot, her face pressing into the pillow as she gasped again and again. I rammed her quickly for a few minutes, and then stopped, my crotch pressed tightly to hers. I reached my hands under her, grabbing her hanging breasts, tweaking her nipples as I ground my crotch against hers.

She started to cum and I could feel her pussy throbbing around my cock. Again, it set me off as well. Unlike last time, I was able to remain in Marie's mind to experience the entire orgasm, and it was absolutely incredible, the feeling of fullness, of completeness as I repeatedly spurted my seed inside her, though I didn't realize that I was attempting to make a deposit into her baby bank.

As before, female me went and washed out the cum from her pussy in the bath, masturbating herself again when she got turned on from touching herself in the warm water.

This time, though, I left her mind after only a few minutes in her bed, and then I fell asleep myself.

At school the next day I noticed some of the girls were looking at me differently, as if they could sense something different about me. I thought about it and, yes, I was different. I was no longer a virgin, I was quite confident in my sexual prowess, and empathetic due to my unique ability to be able to know how to pleasure both males and females from direct experience.

Marie had P.E. that day and I thought about jumping into her head at the end of it again, but then decided against it. What need did I have for peeping at girls I couldn't touch when I had a hot, nubile sex partner every night?

That night female me wanted to try something different. We each closed our eyes, she lay back on my bed, and then I got between her legs. The closed eyes were so I didn't have to see my sister's face and she also didn't have to see my own, as I wasn't attracted to myself.

As I pushed my hard cock into female me's very moist pussy I realized that there was a big advantage to this position. As I started to thrust into her I angled my head down to her breasts, taking one nipple into my mouth and sucking on it.

Female me hadn't felt anything like it. She pulled my head tighter to her bosom, the pleasure quickly ramping her to orgasm.

Female me writhed under me as she came. I continued to smoothly thrust into her and suck on her nipple.

Soon, I started speeding up my thrusting. It was feeling really good. I moved my head back up, nuzzling female me's neck.

Female me, overwhelmed with strange feelings, grabbed my face and kissed me. I was surprised, but returned the kiss and continued to thrust. Female me snaked her tongue into my mouth.

That was it. I grunted, thrusting my cock as far inside female me as I could and shot wad after wad of baby batter deep inside her. The feel of my cum splashing her insides sparked female me's orgasm and we continued to French kiss as we came together.

After it was over I stayed between female me's legs, holding her, my cock still inside her. I kept my eyes shut. She nuzzled my neck and my cock gave a little lurch.

Female me rolled, putting me underneath her but keeping some of my semi-hard cock still inside her. Then she started to kiss me again, our tongues intertwining, almost dancing with each other. My cock rose to full hardness quickly.

Female me rode me, still kissing me passionately. This was so incredibly intimate ... I had never experienced anything like it.

Then she sat back, her back straight, in order to get maximum penetration. She moaned and I opened my eyes, making sure to only look at her sexy body.

I saw our pelvises pressed together, and higher up from there were her rounded hips and slim waist. Above that were her firm breasts, her nipples hard. Female me rolled her hips, grinding our genitals together.

I reached forward to massage her clit and one of her breasts. Female me gasped, continuing to roll her hips.

Soon, she started riding my cock while leaning forward and kissing me again. As we passionately kissed I put both hands on her breasts, tweaking one of her nipples. She came again, her pussy gently massaging my cock.

When she had recovered we continued to kiss while female me slowly rose up and down on my cock. We were making love, not fucking or having sex.

I was getting close. Female me was moving her body on my cock, up and down, so slowly that it was almost excruciating how long it took for me to peak.

But peak I did, grunting into her mouth as her fertile body urged what it needed from my cock.

She lay upon me, panting. Both of us now knew that we were in love with each other.

I was in love with myself!

I awoke later in the night, my sister's body still lying on top of me. I almost freaked out but then realized that I was still in both bodies.

Female me quickly slipped from my room and back to hers. Not much cum was dripping out of her pussy by this point so she used some tissues to clean the last of it up and then got into bed.

As she lay down she felt an odd, almost hot, fluttery sensation somewhere deep inside her midsection, and then my mind was wrenched back to my own body. What had that been? I wondered as I lay in my own bed. My sister wasn't making any noise so I closed my eyes and went back to sleep.

School went by slowly. Not only was it Friday, but I wanted it to be Friday night already! I wanted to have sex with the woman I loved, who was my mind in my sister's body.

After dinner Scott came by to pick Marie up, as he did every weekend. "Hey VD," he nodded at me as he put his arm around my sister.

Fuck this guy, I thought. Me as my sister would kick him in the nuts this time. I reached out with my mind and ... nothing?!

I tried again. No wrenching feeling, no feedback loop of senses ... my power was gone!

Both Scott and Marie were looking at me weirdly. I guess I looked pretty strange, just staring at her intently. I went to my room, embarrassed and worried.

When Marie got home and went to bed I was already in my own. I concentrated on my lover again. Still nothing! I gave myself a headache trying again and again. What was wrong?

I tried several times a day for a week, and then a month. I was growing depressed, having lost the woman I loved, and feeling jealous of Scott for being able to touch her body when I couldn't any more.

One day I heard Marie crying in her room. Mom and Dad were out so I knocked on her door.

"Come in," she said, sniffling.

I entered the room and found her sitting on the bed, her head pressed against her raised knees. I couldn't help but admire those toned legs, which I hadn't been able to touch for over a month.

"Are you ... okay?" I asked, sitting next to her. I wanted to touch her, to make love to her. Except, it was me in her body that I loved, not her.

She grabbed me and gave me a big hug, her head against my shoulder, sobbing. I could feel her breasts pressed against my chest through our shirts. My cock stirred.

"I'm sorry I've been so mean to you, JP," she said, her face still on my shoulder.

I was flabbergasted. My sister was apologizing? I reached my arms around and held her as well. I could smell her scent, the one that I had smelled each time we had made love. I missed that scent.

She pulled away, her eyes red. "You should go," she said.

I waited, not wanting to leave her.

"Please," she said.

I left.

I came home from school the next day to find my mother crying and my father yelling at Marie in her bedroom. Pretty soon the truth came out: Scott had gotten Marie pregnant! Our parents were fucking pissed!

I didn't get many details over the next few weeks, but apparently Scott quit school and took off to work on an oil rig. Marie was going to be a single mother. What an asshole that guy was!

Our parents said that she could stay and they eventually started getting along again. This was weeks later, and as the pregnancy progressed Marie's stomach got bigger and bigger. I thought the baby belly looked sexy on her.

Months later, Marie gave birth to a beautiful baby girl. As I looked at my niece, who I didn't realize was actually my daughter, she looked back at me and I felt something briefly touch my mind. The feeling was somehow familiar.

Fourteen years later was when it got really weird, but that's another story.
Chapter 2 »
Home | Top | Krosis of the Collective's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Krosis of the Collective's Page « Controlling Sister Index « Chapter 1|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: December 09, 2015 - 08:54:43 am

After my sister Marie was found to be pregnant she came to my room one day. She and I were no longer hostile to each other, unlike the last few years, probably because she knew she needed all the support she could get.

"JP, Mom said something weird when she found out I got knocked up," she said.

"Yeah?" I replied. I was a real conversationalist in my teens, it seemed.

She continued, "She said, 'Pregnant at 16, not again!' I figured she was referring to getting pregnant herself, except..."

"Yeah?" I repeated. Yep, a real conversationalist, me.

" ... except she got pregnant with me when she was 20, not 16."

She was right; the math didn't add up. We asked Dad about it.

He sat us down in the basement living room, making sure Mom wasn't around to hear. "You can't talk to Mom or anyone else about this, kids," he said quietly, "but she got pregnant in high school, just like you, Marie."

"But..." Marie began.

Dad continued: "She had to give the baby up for adoption. Her parents wouldn't let her keep it."

Marie moved her hand reflexively to her stomach, as if to protect her unborn child.

My Dad quickly spoke: "But we won't force you to do that, Marie. This isn't the 60's."

No, it was the 80's: blow-dried hair, parachute pants, and Duran Duran.

We thanked Dad and talked about it some more between the two of us. Marie suggested we look through birth records at City Hall to see if our older sibling could be found.

It took several months of work, but we eventually found out that we had a 20-year-old half-sister, and although she was adopted soon after birth, she was still in town somewhere! We left a message with the adoption agency that we would like to meet her if she was okay with it.

It took several more months before anyone got back to us, and by then Marie had given birth to her daughter

Stephanie (also my daughter, though I didn't figure that out until later).

We couldn't believe the address when we saw it: she lived only 2 blocks away!

Marie and I called our new sister Laverne on the phone and arranged a time to meet. When we rang her bell we were surprised by the tall, statuesque beauty that answered the door.

Laverne's most obvious feature was that she was black! Well, half-black, but her dark skin must have favored her father. No wonder Mom's parents wouldn't let her keep the baby! Back then mixed race relationships were totally taboo.

Laverne gave us both a crushing hug and invited us in for tea. As she turned away I couldn't help but admire her rounded ass in tight Capris as we followed her into the kitchen/dining room.

Marie and Laverne got along instantly, chatting it up the way women do. No, Laverne didn't know who her mother was growing up, until she found out we wanted to meet her. No, Mom did not want to meet Laverne ... Dad had made that clear after we found her. No, we didn't know who her father was.

While my sisters chatted I observed Laverne's beautiful face. Some of her features were recognizable from Mom's side of the family but most were not. She had medium brown curly hair which she tied up on top of her head in a kerchief. She was a knockout!

When Laverne got up to get some more cream for our tea I again admired her firm but rounded ass. When she leaned over to pour she showed some fantastic cleavage between her sizeable breasts.

Her personality was what could only be called bombastic. She was loud and proud, but funny and charismatic rather than annoying. We both liked her.

When it was time to go home, with the promise of visiting again, Marie and I were heading out the door when I told her I had forgotten something. I slipped back into Laverne's house and concentrated on my new half-sister as she was walked back to the kitchen.

There was a wrenching feeling in my head that I hadn't experienced in a year and I was taller, and definitely female! I turned around to see myself in the entryway of the house.

I only had a moment, so I quickly grabbed "my" boobs. My God, they were incredible, large and surprisingly sensitive through Laverne's bra.

I turned Laverne back to how she had been facing when I took her over, and then pulled my consciousness back into my own body. I quietly closed the door and headed home with Marie, a smile on both our faces, though mine was for an additional reason.

A year ago I had discovered I could push my consciousness into my 16-year-old sister Marie's head, using her body as if it was my own. She had no memory of the experience afterwards.

It took me a few weeks to work up to actually having sex with her, and even then it was kind of an accident. Once we started fucking, though, I was hooked, and since sex education wasn't going to be part of my school curriculum for almost another 2 years, I didn't realize it when I impregnated her. By then I had actually fallen in love with my mind in my sister's body.

And then my ability just went away. I think it had something to do with her getting pregnant, but even after her

(our) daughter Stephanie was born I still couldn't control my sister anymore.

I had spent a lot of the last year being depressed over the loss of my lover. Now do you understand why I was smiling?

Unlike with Marie, Laverne didn't sleep in the next room so taking her over and having her slip into my bed each night wouldn't work. While I lay in my bed that night I decided to see if I could project my mind the two blocks to my new half-sister's house.

I concentrated, imagining the walk there. Down Smith Ave., right at Mayfair St., and halfway down the block. I could envision her house. Now through the door ... where would her bedroom be?

In my mind's eye there had been a bathroom off of the main hall, and...

The wrenching feeling came again, but different, with a kind of stretching sensation in my head, and then I was looking down at Laverne's long, glistening, naked legs as they poked out of the cover of bubbles in her bath tub.

Yes!

I went to stand up so I could review her sexy female form but nothing happened! I could see out her eyes, feel the warm water on her skin, and hear the water swish as she moved, but nothing else. I was a passenger this time, not the driver. Was it because of the distance?

I waited, hoping she would do something titillating. She reached to the side, grabbed a wine glass, drank a gulp, and put it back.

That was a little odd. I had never actually eaten or drank anything when I was in Marie's head, but the wine tasted good. Would that mean that I liked wine as well, or did it taste good because Laverne liked it? Something to explore later, I thought.

Laverne closed her eyes, leaning her head back on the back lip of the tub. Now I couldn't see anything!

'Do something!' I yelled in my head.

Laverne's eyes opened, looking around the room. Had she heard me?

More quietly in my head, I thought, 'Squeeze your titties.'

Laverne paused for a moment but didn't do it. I kept sending mental messages like 'play with yourself', 'make yourself feel good', and 'sex sex sex'.

Laverne moved her hand down to her pussy, finding her clit and tapping it with her fingers.

YES! I thought to myself, possibly broadcasting that to Laverne as well.

My sexy new half-sister was now looking down towards her crotch so I could now see through her eyes the tops of her glistening, bountiful boobies, the lower parts obscured by bubbles.

Laverne pushed two of her long-nailed fingers into her pussy and it felt good for both of us. Her other hand skillfully manipulated her clitoris. Her nipples tingled.

As good as it felt to play with my own dick, a woman's pleasure was less focused on her pussy; she had many erogenous zones. With a guy it was pretty much just play with his cock and he'll be happy.

She took the hand that had been playing with her clit and used it to lift one of her boobs ... to her mouth!?

I was shocked. Women could do that?!

Clearly so, for those women blessed with large enough honkers. Laverne took her large nipple into her mouth, licking and sucking on it as her other hand sluiced into her pussy with increased fervor. I could feel her orgasm coming...

... and then it hit. She let go of her boob as her pussy contracted on her fingers. It had been a year since I had felt a female orgasm and I had missed it. Unlike with my sister Marie, through, Laverne's orgasm wasn't as strong as I remembered, though it did feel really good. If I had to compare it to anything I guess it would be like eating my favorite pizza (pepperoni and mushrooms) from my favorite restaurant vs. that same pizza from somewhere else. Not as good but still good, y'know?

I left Laverne's mind and snapped back into my own body. My dick was super hard and it didn't take more than a minute of jacking it before I exploded cum all over my stomach.

I cleaned up and then went to sleep, a big smile on my face.

The next day was Saturday, and I wasn't going to waste any time. I went to Laverne's house and looked in through the windows until I saw her in the living room. Then I projected my mind into her body.

As had happened the first time I took her over, my perception split into hers and my own. I was looking at Laverne through the window and I was also now looking back at myself outside, and I had full control of her body this time.

Pronouns get weird from here on in. I will use "me" and "female me" so we don't get confused.

Female me went to the back door and let me in. No point in letting neighbors see me coming and going all the time,

I thought.

Heh ... cumming and going...

We found what was obviously Laverne's bedroom. There was a desk with a mirror, a chest of drawers, and a really nice bed with bars in the head and foot boards.

There were weird fuzzy things hanging from the four bedposts. I took a closer look. Pink fuzzy straps like belts?

Anyway, I didn't want to be distracted from my new lover's body. I turned and sat on the bed.

Female me was wearing a tight sleeveless shirt and jeans. She turned away and undid the jeans first, sliding them slowly down her butt. This was something I really wanted to see so she took her sweet time doing it, teasing me.

Finally the butt of her jeans (and her underwear with it) slipped down off her ass and it was glorious. Her booty was firm but round like a ball. My cock was standing at full attention and I had only seen her butt so far!

Next, female me unbuttoned her shirt, dropping it to the ground. She was still facing away from me ... she looked back at me over her shoulder and blew me a kiss. I smiled. I was damn sexy.

She had trouble removing the bra, as expected. I never had to take off Marie's bra because it had already been removed by the time I took her over, like at night or in the girl's change room. I got up and managed to figure out the hooks with a little work. The bra came free and flopped to the floor.

I sat back on the bed, waiting. Female me turned and ... her hands were covering her breasts. The little minx!

She strode forward with those gorgeous long legs, still holding her boobs. She got right between my legs as I sat there and then in a flash her hands were off her boobs and behind my head, pulling my face to her glorious mammaries.

I was drowning in boob flesh. If there was a list of ways I wanted to go, this was #2 (#1 being mid coitus, of course). I did my best to nibble and lick as much of the boob as my mouth could reach.

Female me liked the feeling of that. Her pussy was getting wet. She pushed me back on the bed and climbed on top of me. She closed her eyes and started to kiss me.

The reason she had to close her eyes was because in her head she was still a guy, and I wasn't attracted to my own male body. In a female body I could fuck me, which felt awesome, but I didn't want to see me as I did it. It's kind of like how heterosexual men don't want to masturbate while looking at themselves in a mirror; they want to fantasise about sexy women!

Unlike with my sister Marie, whose face actually turned me off because of how much of a bitch she had been to me for years, I could now keep my own eyes open and looking at the beautiful face of Laverne as we French kissed, our tongues dueling like fencing foils (also French).

Female me reached down and unzipped my pants, freeing my engorged member. It had actually gotten bigger in the last year, but I hadn't had a chance to use it on anyone yet. Some girls were starting to show some interest in me at school but for much of this school year I had been depressed, in withdrawal due to the loss of my lover, my mind in my sister's body, so I still didn't have a girlfriend.

And I didn't need any of those girls anyway ... I had a hot, sexy lover right here! She lined my cock up and it slipped into her wet hot depths with ease. Both of us moaned ... we had missed sex!

Female me started to slam her pussy down on my cock hard and fast. I was surprised but it seemed she wanted to get off quick. Sure enough, she straightened her back and jammed her pussy as hard against me as she could as she came.

I didn't have a chance. We had only been fucking for maybe a minute or two but now I was crying out as my cock blasted her insides with incestuous sperm, the sensation of her vaginal tunnel spasming around my cock extending my orgasm and the feeling of my warm seed shooting deep inside her reproductive system extending hers.

Finally, she collapsed on top of me, both of us panting from the incredibly brief but intense fuck.

I needed to go in a bit, as I had some things planned with the family later that afternoon, but I didn't want to leave Laverne with my cum dripping out of her pussy. She might think she was raped or something.

I had figured this problem out a year earlier with Marie. We ran a bath and she got in, holding her vaginal lips open to allow the water in to flush out the sperm. One side effect of her holding her pussy lips open like that, though, was the warm water and the sensation of her fingers stretching open her sensitive vagina tended to cause her to get turned on, and this was no exception.

This time, though, I was also present, and seeing her like this had brought new life back to my cock. I removed my clothes and got into the bath with her.

She rose up so I could sit down under her, facing her, and then she sat down on my lap. It was no trouble getting my cock back into her. She closed her eyes and we kissed again as we ground our sexes together.

One reason I liked sex positions where I was facing female me was because I could suck on her boobs. I did so now, noting the darker brown of her wide areolae around her large nipples before I engulfed one with my mouth.

Female me liked that a lot. As I had discovered the first time I had taken Laverne over, her boobs, while large, were also sensitive.

She lifted her hips to get more movement going down there, and then settled back down. That felt really good! I bucked my hips as she raised herself up and down on my cock. I alternated between kissing my lover in her new body and sucking her nipples. It took longer this time to reach orgasm, but we reached it together and I shot more dangerous sperm inside my newfound half-sister's spasming, unprotected vagina.

As I mentioned before, I was at least a year away from learning how sex could make babies, so I had no concept of what could happen if I kept seeding her, just like I had done with Marie the previous year.

I stuck around so female me could clean herself up. Then she got back into Laverne's clothes and returned to the living room, right where she had been when I took her over an hour earlier.

I left Laverne's property, and in doing so my mind slipped out of her body and I was only myself again, walking home with a big goofy grin on my face.

That night as I lay in bed I ranged my mind out to Laverne again. As expected, the weird stretching feeling occurred again in addition to the wrenching sensation and I was in her body again.

... overwhelmed by the feel of a big cock ramming hard into me from behind! I could feel Laverne was getting close to orgasm as whoever was fucking her grunted heavily behind her. I could also feel that my arms were being held up on an angle, restrained by something. I wasn't in control again, so I could only sit there, feeling that guy's cock, much larger than my own, punching into Laverne's depths over and over. I also couldn't see ... something was covering my eyes!

Part of me wanted to leave her head immediately, to get away from this guy fucking her/me. Another part wanted to stay, to feel that big approaching orgasm wash over her body.

That last part won. I could hear Laverne gasp as the pleasure in her tingling pussy overflowed into orgasmic bliss. Her body shook as incredible sensations exploded from all over: her clit, deep in her vagina, her nipples, even her butt hole.

The guy grunted, shoving his cock as far inside her/me as it would go. I could feel a pulsing feeling, but not the warm wet sensation I had always felt when I came inside of female me.

I stayed in her mind as the guy extracted his dick. That huge thing felt weird as it exited, but kinda good! I collapsed forward as much as I could with my arms still being held up, still shaking. I could hear the guy doing something, which I now believe was him disposing of the condom he had been using because Laverne wasn't on the pill.

The mask that was covering my eyes was removed and then a few seconds later one arm was free. In the dim light I could see dark hands working on one of those fuzzy straps hanging from Laverne's bed posts, now wrapped around my other wrist. Once fully freed, she rolled over to face her lover. It was a big black guy, his body muscle-bound and his skin very dark in the dim light. He leaned forward to kiss her/me...

UGH! I jumped out of her head. My cock had been hard but was now softening quickly. I just couldn't get it back to being hard that night, so I closed my eyes and fell asleep instead.

I didn't want to jump into Laverne's head while she was getting dicked again, so I went back to her place the next day. I spotted her through the back window into the kitchen and took her over before she spotted me.

As before, female me let myself in through the back door. We kissed and then adjourned to the bedroom.

Female me had my dick out of my pants and was masturbating me when we heard something at the front door. We froze, listening. Someone had put a key into the lock and was coming in!

I quickly looked around for someplace to hide and then decided on the closet. Laverne closed the closet door behind me and I stood there quietly as she turned to greet the new arrival. The closet door had horizontal slats so I could see out at a downward angle. I really hoped it wasn't the big guy from last night!

It wasn't ... it was actually a cute little blonde woman with a bob haircut.

"Hey 'verne," she drawled at female me. Female me laughed and I almost laughed as well in the closet because that was what Ernest P. Worrel would say in those stupid commercials.

The blonde moved forward and planted a wet, tonguey kiss on female me, who was surprised but quickly recovered, returning the kiss with gusto.

Now that she was closer to the closet the woman looked to me like a teenager with her slim build, though it was hard to be sure.

The girl started pulling up female me's shirt. Clearly Laverne had female lovers as well as male ones. She was awesome!

In the closet, my dick, which was still hanging out of my pants because of the quick scramble to hide, started to rise again.

Female me and the newcomer moved to the bed. The girl had removed female me's shirt and was working on her bra.

Female me was unbuttoning the girl's jeans.

The girl got female me's bra off, releasing those incredible mammaries, and then she stood up to pull her jeans and panties off. As she did so she asked, "Can we do the same thing we did last time? That was hot."

I had no idea what she was talking about, so female me did my best to imitate Laverne's attitude behind her voice,

"Absolutely, sugar."

The girl, now naked from the waist down, jumped in joy. "Ooh!" she cooed, bending over and opening a side dresser.

Both of me had a good look at the girl's naked butt as she did so. Not as nice as Laverne's or Marie's, but not bad either. Puffy pussy lips peeked out from between her legs in that position.

The girl brought out several items: a tube that identified itself as personal lubricant, a mask without eye holes, and ... what the hell was that? It looked like a guy's cock, except it was attached to some sort of rig with straps.

As female me wondered what she was supposed to do the girl removed her shirt, revealing her flat stomach and small breasts, which I'd say were smaller than what could fit into my hand. Despite those she was damn sexy with that cute little face, smiling at female me in anticipation.

Female me grabbed the strange cock rig and this action seemed to satisfy the girl, who then got on all fours on the bed and started to work a wrist into one of the pink fuzzy straps hanging from the bed posts.

Female me made sure to pay attention to how the strap went on, and then secured the girl's other hand. The blonde was now pointed away from the closet with her puffy vagina looking right at me as I stood in there, hidden.

"C'mon ... fuck me with that thing," the girl demanded.

Both of me looked at the fake cock in female me's hands, finally understanding. Somehow that thing strapped on to a woman so it was just like she had a penis! That was weird, I thought ... why didn't they just get a guy to fuck them?

The girl was moving her ass impatiently, sounding frustrated. Female me tried to figure out the strap on rig but couldn't. What to do?

Then female me saw the eye mask that Laverne had been wearing the previous night and had an idea. She grabbed it and put it on over the naked, restrained girl's eyes. Once she was sure it was on well enough she beckoned me out of the closet.

My cock was super hard by this point. I knew what she wanted me to do. Since we couldn't figure out the fake cock we'd just use a real one ... mine! We'd have to be careful so the girl wouldn't realize, though.

I removed my clothes and got on the bed behind the blindfolded girl. She moved her legs apart so that I could easily access that nice pink pussy, which now that I was closer I could see was framed by light, downy pubic hair.

I poked my cock, the tip glistening with precum, at her vaginal opening. The lips only opened a little so I couldn't put my cock in.

"Lube!" the girl called back at me.

Female me grabbed the tube and popped the top, spreading some of the gel onto the tip of my penis. Cold! She also put some on her finger and inserted the digit halfway into the girl's pussy.

"Mmm..." the girl responded.

I got back into position. This time when I pushed my hard cock between those puffy lips they parted easily. The girl gasped as my cock pushed in a quarter of its length. I pulled back a little and then with a few more pumps I was halfway in. A few more thrusts and my cock was all the way inside this sexy, unsuspecting cutie.

The girl spoke, "Unhh ... it doesn't feel as big as last time..."

Well thanks, I thought in my head, way to make a guy feel inferior.

She continued, " ... but it also feels better somehow. Weird."

Okay, I would accept that. I grabbed the girl's hips, pulled back halfway and then rammed my cock into her. She yelped, but in a good way. Then I did it again ... and again.

The girl's pussy was tight, tighter than Marie's had been, and adding in the forbidden aspect of fucking a girl who didn't know I was fucking her, I was worried that I might not last long.

Female me understood and got behind me. She pinched the flesh of my ballsack, causing me discomfort and helping to back me off so I wouldn't cum too early.

My thrusting was getting the girl there fast, though. I could feel her insides grip my cock tighter as it slipped in and out of her depths.

And then she cried out and her pussy clamped down on my cock. Despite the pinching of my ballsack I realized that she was going to make me cum and then I also realized that if I blew my load in this girl then she would know it was a real cock inside her!

I quickly whipped my cock out of her spasming cunt, somehow managing to clamp down on my orgasm so I didn't spurt all over her butt, which would have definitely clued her in.

"Nooooo..." the girl moaned, her ass moving so her pussy might find my cock again.

When I had recovered well enough to be relatively sure I wasn't going to cum right away I put my cock back inside the lithe, restrained girl.

This got a, "Yessss..." from her, and she started to grind her pussy back on my cock.

I actually managed to keep going for a while, and then my curiosity got the better of me. Leaning forward, I reached around and palmed one of her small breasts. It actually did fill my hand! I pinched her nipple.

This set the girl off again, which in turn started my own orgasm once more. As before, I whipped my cock out before I painted her insides white.

She cried out, "NO, PLEASE!" and shook her ass at me, practically vibrating from her truncated orgasm.

I recovered from my own partial orgasm, once again managing to pinch off the ejaculation somehow. Within a couple of minutes I had recovered enough to put my cock back inside her very hot and wet pussy.

This time, however, she took control, pulling herself forward and then pushing back onto my cock. I didn't have to do a thing as she fucked back at me.

I looked over at female me and she was sitting on the floor, three fingers in her own pussy as she watched

Laverne's friend unknowingly fuck back at my cock.

Once again the girl's pussy started to tighten up. This time she called back at me, "Don't you fucking dare pull out this time, or I'll rip your tits off!"

I could feel it coming, and I knew it would be huge. The slim blonde pushed her very wet, very tight pussy back at me faster, faster ... her breathing had become ragged. I could hear, "Unhh ... unhh..." from her each time she pushed my cock all the way back inside her.

I had to pull out! If I didn't...

"Don't you do it!" she hissed. "Uhh ... UHH ... UAHHHH!"

She pushed her ass back at me hard, holding my cock as deep inside her as it would go. Deep inside I felt her pussy walls caress my cock shaft, and then they gripped my cock hard! "AAAAHHH!" she screamed.

I couldn't hold it, and I couldn't pull out or Laverne would get in trouble with her girlfriend! My prostate spasmed, releasing a wave of semen. This rush of liquid mixed with the sperm that had been building up in my vas deferens through 2 previous aborted orgasms, plus this one, and the potent mixture then rushed up, up the shaft of my cock, blasting out the tip with incredible force.

The reaction was immediate. The girl raised her head and screamed, "OH MY GOD! OH MY GOD!" Her pussy continued to grip my cock and release, again and again, her orgasm continuing as I pumped spurt after spurt of my proven babymakers deep inside her.

Finally she collapsed forward and my cock slipped out from her depths. I quickly snuck back into the closet with my clothes and waited to see what would happen.

While I had been sperming the girl, female me had managed to cum on her fingers hard. She recovered before the blonde, though, and quickly made sure to get some of the cum I had left on the bed, as well as some that was spilling out of the girl's inundated pussy, onto the fake cock. We wouldn't be able to pull this off if the strap on was dry!

Female me removed the straps and mask from the girl, who was still shaking. The girl rolled and grabbed female me's face, kissing her passionately.

"Oh my God, that was the best!" she said, "I didn't realize that thing vibrated too. I could feel it pulsing inside me!"

Had we managed to get away with it? I hoped.

The girl looked down at her distended pussy lips leaking man cum everywhere, and then back at female me, quizzically.

Female me had already come up with the answer to that question: "I think I used too much lube," she said sheepishly.

The dumb blonde believed it. "My turn," she said, pushing female me on her back and strapping on the fake cock.

The girl was right: the strap on was bigger than my cock, but the lubrication from female me's recent orgasm, as well as the semen that had been smeared on the shaft, made penetration easy.

As the blonde fucked female me with the strap on they kissed each other lovingly. It was a leisurely screw compared to the fucking we had just had.

A fair amount of my semen had been dripped onto that strap on, and most of it got pushed inside Laverne's unprotected pussy as the blonde fucked her with it. When female me orgasmed her body urged that seed deeper inside.

I waited in the closet until the blonde finally left after a long amount of after sex cuddle time and a promise to do this again soon. I never even found out her name.

Marie and I went and visited Laverne after school later that week. I had tried to jump into my new half-sister's mind for the last couple of nights but couldn't find her. Had she slept elsewhere?

Not that I could ask her that! We chatted about school, work (Laverne was a hairstylist), and hobbies. Laverne worked out at the gym some evenings and watched TV on others. She didn't mention her boyfriend or girlfriend, the latter of which I was very interested in but, again, I couldn't ask because there was no way I could have known about them without being a stalker.

She did, however, mention that she was having trouble sleeping, and there were even a couple of times when she had blanked out or something and lost an hour of time. Marie perked up at this, as she had experienced much the same sort of thing about a year ago, though as she thought about it she realized it had stopped around the time she had gotten pregnant.

I suggested that maybe it was a genetic thing, but Laverne said that she didn't experience this when she was 16, like Marie. I didn't have an answer for that.

After we got home I lay in my bed thinking. What was I going to do about this? If I kept taking over Laverne's mind when she was awake she would start to question her sanity, or maybe consult a doctor. Was this sort of ability known to doctors?

I had stopped taking over Marie's waking mind when she complained about the blackouts, switching to doing it after she had gone to bed. That way when she woke up in the morning she wouldn't think she had lost any time.

That night I steeled myself, readying my mind as if it were my body preparing for a sprint. I envisioned Laverne lying in her bed...

The wrenching feeling came again, but no stretching sensation this time! I had done it!

Female me sat up in Laverne's bed, naked as a jaybird as the cover fell from her large breasts. She thought about masturbating but really wanted to fuck. Then I had an idea.

Female me got up and put on a long coat and sneakers. She left Laverne's house and started jogging, which was kind of uncomfortable with her bra-less boobs bouncing about. It only took a few minutes and then she was in our back yard, looking up at my window. She looked around, piling up enough yard stuff to enable her to see in my window.

Once she saw me on the bed my consciousness split again, and I opened the window and helped my lover in, as quiet as we could be.

Female me dropped the long coat to the floor. I had her keep the sneakers on. She got on all fours on my bed and I got behind her. I had to bump her clit with my cock head a bit, but within a minute or so she was wet enough to enter.

We groaned as my hard cock pierced her labia. The feeling of not quite enough lubrication was a combination of discomfort and pleasure mixed as I pushed harder. I withdrew partway and then pushed in again, getting further as her wetness spread around my cock.

Once I was fully inside my lover's very hot pussy I pulled back a bit and waited. As her blonde friend had done the other day, she pushed her ass back on my cock, then pulled forward, and then pushed back again.

That felt awesome! Not as tight as her little girlfriend, but her pussy felt really hot, temperature-wise, as it pushed and pulled on my cock skin.

Pretty soon we were both getting close, female me pushing back on my cock faster and faster. I didn't want it to end yet, though ... it was hard work getting her here!

As female me started to cum I pulled out. She gave a disappointed groan, as her little friend had, shaking with aborted pleasure.

I whispered to her that if she wanted more cock then she would have to earn it. I lay down next to her with my cock in the air and directed her mouth to it.

When I had tried this a year ago female me didn't want to do it, as it seemed gay. Now, though, she was extremely turned on and sexually frustrated, needing some cock to fill that void. She tried it again.

Grasping my cock, she licked the head, her tongue swirling around it. After a bit of that she took half of it into her mouth as she ran her hand up and down the lower half. I realized as she did this that gay men must be fucking awesome at cocksucking, as they know exactly what feels good for their own cocks.

Sure enough, within a few minutes I was raising my hips up, ready to blow. Female me, though, had other ideas. She let go of my cock. I hissed in frustration.

She looked at me with smoldering eyes. "You gonna give me what I want now?" Seeing the look in my eyes she climbed onto my lap, facing away from me in a reverse cowgirl position. My cock easily slipped into her sopping wet cunt.

She rode me hard and fast. We were both primed and barely any time passed before I started to blow my load inside her, setting off her own orgasm. We weren't as quiet as we should have been.

Once I had finished spurting an incredible amount of seed into my oblivious half-sister's unprotected vagina she collapsed back upon me.

And then we heard footsteps approaching my door.

Female me quickly jumped off my cock and rolled to the side, away from the door, falling to the floor as softly as she could.

The door opened and my sister Marie burst in wearing that nightie I loved seeing her in while she had been female me. "Why are you making so much fucking noise... ?!" Later on I snickered at her choice of words, but not right then.

She stopped upon seeing my hard, cum-covered babymaker as I lay there looking back at her. I hadn't had time to cover it. She couldn't seem to take her eyes off of it. "Um ... um..." she stammered.

"I was whacking off," I said, matter-of-factly. "I'll try to be quieter, okay?" I didn't cover up ... this was my room, after all.

Marie took one last look at the penis that had impregnated her a year ago. Though she had no memories of the event, the feeling of deja vu was strong. Then she said, "Oh ... kay," and quickly left the room, her face flushed.

"That was interesting," female me said as her head poked up beside me.

We managed to get female me back out the window without issue, and she walked home, my cum rolling down her shapely thighs as she went. Once home, female me had another bath to clean up the evidence of our lovemaking, pleasured herself, and then went back to bed. I retrieved my consciousness from her head shortly thereafter.

On other nights I could only ride in Laverne's head and not control her body. I didn't know what had been different that night when I could, but it was frustrating. I was usually able to nudge her into masturbating, though.

Finally, on Friday night I got permission to sleep over at my friend Warren's house. I tried to slip out that night but he woke up and I had to explain that there was this smoking hot chick who wanted to fuck me, but I had to leave right then.

He insisted on coming with me, of course. What horny 15-year-old boy wouldn't? We practically ran all the way to

Laverne's place.

I had Warren hide in the bushes to the side of the house and then went around the back so he wouldn't see me. I pushed my mind into Laverne's and got female me to put on a robe and open the back door. Once she saw me I could again control both our bodies, and then I called Warren in.

His eyes just about bugged out at seeing my sexy half-sister practically spilling out of her robe. I made introductions, female me not showing much interest in my friend, and then I told him to have a seat in the living room while she and I adjourned to the bedroom.

While female me rode my cock to a mutual orgasm, my buddy Warren spied on us through the bedroom door keyhole. He pulled out his cock and sprayed his cum on the door before we finished, returning to the couch afterward.

Female me and I emerged from the bedroom, both of us wondering how I was going to manage leaving since I couldn't keep both bodies under control if we separated. Female me stepped into the pool of Warren's cooling cum that had dripped off of the bedroom door and while she was wiping her feet he called me over.

"Dude, I'm sorry," he said, "But she's too fucking hot. You gotta let me fuck her or I'm telling."

"What the fuck?" I blurted.

"I'm sorry!" he apologized again. "That's the deal."

I looked at female me. Could I fuck my best friend? I didn't really have a choice. She dropped her robe and approached Warren. Once again his eyes bugged out, this time over the naked, gorgeous Nubian queen approaching him, her boobs and hips swaying. Now that it was really happening he didn't seem to know what to do.

Female me took right over, unzipping and pulling off his pants. His cock, while a little longer than my own, was thinner. I wondered how it would feel inside me.

Wait, not inside me ... inside female me. As she turned around so her back was facing my friend (so she wouldn't have to see his face) I went to the bathroom. Once I was out of sight I made sure to continue controlling her, my consciousness vacating my own body.

I looked down my sexy female form at Warren's hard teenage cock below me and then sat down in his lap, rubbing my vaginal lips along his shaft. He gasped. Realizing that this was probably his first time and he was unlikely to last long, I raised myself up and nestled the head of his cock between my pussy lips. I heard him hold his breath, as if he was about to dive into water.

I sank down on his cock, the semen I had deposited in Laverne's pussy a few minutes earlier making the penetration easy. Warren moaned. I think I did too.

Then I stared to fuck my best friend with my half-sister's pussy.

It definitely felt different than when she fucked me, or her boyfriend. Not better or worse; just different. His cock went in and out easily.

I could sense he was already close, despite cumming earlier, so I started to slam my pussy down on his cock hard.

I wanted to get there as well.

Unfortunately, it was not to be. Warren cried out and I felt his cock throb deep inside me, spurting a second load into my half-sister's unprotected depths.

I got up and headed to the bathroom. Once I got there my vision split and I was once again one mind in two bodies.

I called out that we'd be a little bit cleaning up. Warren grunted, content to lie there.

Female me pleasured herself again while she cleaned the copious amounts of cum out of her pussy, once again unknowingly increasing Laverne's chances of getting pregnant. After we were done I awkwardly waited in the hall, telling Warren to hold open the front door while I kept an eye on female me as she got into Laverne's bed. I waited for a couple of minutes after she had closed her eyes, and then quickly and quietly headed out of her house, pulling female me back into my own head and closing the front door as softly as I could. Then we ran.

When we got back to Warren's house we got in trouble with his mom for slipping out, but we didn't care. We went to bed with smiles on our faces.

In the morning I had trouble meeting my friend's eyes. I had had sex with him the previous night! I told him that we couldn't go to Laverne's house anymore, and he couldn't even mention it again, not even to me. He kept asking about it over the next few weeks and eventually I stopped hanging out with him.

All good things must come to an end, as they say. The next night I was again able to jump into Laverne's mind and control her body while we were both at our separate homes. I realized as I sat up from under her bed covers again that it worked if I took her over while she was sleeping! Unfortunately, that revelation came too late. On her way to my house, only a block away from hers, I felt a fluttering, warm feeling deep inside her midsection.

Oh no, I thought, recognizing the feeling I had experienced once before, but not what it meant beyond...

My consciousness snapped back into my head. NO! I tried to broadcast myself back into Laverne's body, but I knew it was no use. I tried anyway, again and again, giving myself a migraine.

I had lost female me, again. It was over.

Although my love affair with my mind in my half-sister's body had been more sexual than loving, unlike with my mind in my sister Marie's body, I was still devastated. I spent more and more time in my room than with the rest of the family. They recognized the same symptoms from my funk last year, again thinking that maybe a girlfriend had broken up with me. They weren't far wrong.

During my depression my sister found that Laverne just up and moved away. We never heard from her again. She asked

Laverne's next door neighbors but they only said that prior to her leaving they heard some big guy yelling a lot one night, and then on another night some crazy blonde chick broke one of her windows.

Eventually I got over my loss, and I enjoyed being the live-in uncle to my niece Stephanie. When I finally learned about how babies were made almost a year later, I realized that I was probably more than that. Yes, with the amount of sperm I had pumped into my sister's reproductive system without protection for weeks prior to her getting pregnant, it was pretty much a sure thing. Marie, a teenaged single mom, was unable to find a new boyfriend so Steph spent her first few years thinking that I was her dad, which was fine by me, not to mention true.

When Stephanie turned 14, though ... well, that's another story.
Chapter 3 »
Home | Top | Krosis of the Collective's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Krosis of the Collective's Page « Controlling Sister Index « Chapter 2|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: February 03, 2016 - 09:17:06 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

If you've followed my story through the first two chapters, you would know that my name is JP, short for Jean-Paul, and when I was 14 I found I could control my older sister Marie's body. Not mind control as in I told her what to do and she did it, but I actually took control of her body and I could move and feel it as if it were my own. A side effect of this ability was that she had no memory of the experience afterwards.

As you can expect, it didn't take long for a horny teenage boy with a female plaything to start fucking her, although the sex had been kind of an accident at first because I didn't find my overbearing sister attractive, at least at first.

After filling her unprotected pussy up with sperm for weeks, the inevitable happened and she got pregnant, but due to the lack of sex education in our backwards town in the 1980's I didn't realize I was the father until almost 2 years later.

When my sister got pregnant I found I could no longer control her body, even after her (our) daughter was born. A little after that we finally met our long-lost older half-sister Laverne and, after finding I could control her body as well, I continued my sexual adventures, which ended with her leaving town a few weeks later.

Over the years I figured out that I must have impregnated my half-sister too, as well as her cute little blonde lesbian lover, and that's why she left town. I was never able to find out the blonde's name, though we heard from Laverne a few years later and she had a son who was about the right age. I wonder about those children of mine ... sometimes I dream of them...

When I turned 29 I returned to my hometown. I had been out in the world trying to make my mark, but with a failed marriage and a recent job layoff behind me, I was ready for a change. Little did I realize the kind of change I would get!

"I'm home!" I called out as I walked into my family house.

"Unca JP!" A slim brunette ran around the corner and slammed into me with a hug.

"Hey, Stephanie," I said, hugging her back. I could feel breasts pressing against my chest and I let go quickly, standing back to look at my daughter/niece.

It had been 5 years since I had last seen her and she had grown up! Those breasts I had felt pressing against me weren't big, though they were bigger than what some 14-year-old girls had.

The rest of her was covered head-to-toe in black, though I could see black and white striped tights peeking out of the slit on the front of her long skirt. Looking up at her face, I realized that she had gone Goth! A lightening powder on her face made her dark eye liner and black lipstick stand out.

She caught me smirking at her outfit and gave me a foul look that reminded me of her mother, my sister, though just for a moment. Then she brightened and grabbed one of my suitcases, directing me to my old room.

When I walked in I realized that this was actually her room now, with the Morbid Angel and The Cure posters on the wall, and the complete lack of bright colors.

I stopped. "I can't take your room, Steph," I said.

"It's okay," she replied. "I'll just sleep on the couch downstairs." She didn't look terribly happy about it.

"No, I'll sleep downstairs." I grabbed both suitcases and headed for the basement stairs.

My sister came in from the living room. "JP!" She looked at what I was doing. "You can take Steph's room."

My sister, now 31, had gotten better looking with age. She had filled out a bit but had also grown into her face, which when she was a teenager showed what people today call "bitchy resting face." She was still living with her parents, though to be honest that was my fault for making her a single mom and pretty much ruining her life.

I dropped the suitcases and gave my big sis a hug, a part of me from so long ago remembering her intimate touches upon my body, stirring my cock a little. She paused and returned the hug.

"Naw," I said, "I won't kick Steph out of her room. The basement couch is fine for now." I pulled away and grabbed the suitcases again, heading downstairs.

Mom and Dad came back a little later with KFC for us all. It was great to see them again after so long. We had some beers (well, all of us but Steph) and stayed up late talking about all the stuff that had happened while I was gone, though to be honest I don't remember any specifics of it today. It was just good to be home.

That night, on the old couch in the basement living room, I was reminded of one of the first times I had taken over my sister's mind while she was sitting on this very couch. Even now, 15 years later, I still felt sad when thinking about losing the love of my life, which had actually been my mind in my sister's body.

I started to stroke my cock while remembering the things "female me" and I had done: mutual masturbation, accidental penetration of my cock into her pussy, and so much sex afterward! It had stopped when she became pregnant with Steph--

There was a strange sensation, a feeling of being shoved aside, and then I found that I was no longer in control of my body!

My hand pulled back from my hard cock with a jerk. I could hear my voice say, "What the fuck?!" There was an odd inflection in my voice.

My body quickly got up from the couch and stumbled to the light switch. My sense of balance seemed off and I almost tripped along the way.

Flicking the light on, my head looked down at my softening dick. "Holy shit!" my voice whispered. My hand reached down, gingerly touching my cock, and then pulling a bit on the stretchy skin along the shaft. It started to respond to the attention, filling back up with blood.

My body stumbled a bit less awkwardly to the basement washroom. The light flicked on and I stared at myself in the mirror, wide eyed. "Ho ... lee ... shit..." I whispered to myself.

During all of this I had been trying to regain control of my body. Not having any luck, I had tried concentrating on one finger to try to move it ... nothing. I also tried yelling in my head, which had worked on my half-sister way back in the day when she had been too distant for me to fully control her, only riding in her head like a passenger. Nothing worked.

Whoever was controlling my body looked down at my cock again and started playing with it, but whoever it was clearly had no experience at this sort of thing. Were they female?

My body let go of my dick and looked back at the mirror. "Well, I don't want to keep looking at that," they said, turning off all the lights and heading back to the couch. So maybe not female, or did I really look that bad naked? I wondered.

They lay down on the couch in pretty much the same position I had originally been in when this strange episode started, and then my eyes closed, my head lay back, and my hand was again on my cock, stroking it.

One thing I learned when I had been controlling my sister so many years ago was that it definitely felt better to have someone else play with your cock than to masturbate yourself. This was no exception, even though it was my hand doing the pleasuring. Even with the inexperience of whoever was controlling my body, within a few minutes I felt the familiar tingle at the base of my cock. The shaft got bigger and then my cum rushed out of the tip, spurting up and splashing back down onto my chest.

As I orgasmed my voice grunted loudly in pleasure and then I was back in control of my own body, jacking the last spurts of cum out of my cock. I had no recollection of the last few minutes, so my memory went from starting to masturbate straight to halfway through my orgasm. That was weird!

Confused at having nodded off while whacking it, I cleaned up and went to sleep.

At breakfast the next morning Stephanie kept looking at me strangely. I smiled at her and if she hadn't been wearing that white makeup I'm pretty sure I would have seen her blush, though if I had I wouldn't have known why.

In the afternoon Stephanie joined me in the basement as I watched a movie.

"Did you want to ask me anything?" she asked during a commercial break.

Confused, I looked at her. "Um ... how is school?"

She rolled her eyes. "Sucks," was her reply.

"Oh," I responded, looking back at the TV.

I could feel her looking at me, and then...

The shoving feeling recurred, and again I was no longer controlling my body! My head turned to look at Stephanie, who was shocked because she was experiencing the strange feedback effect of controlling my body while her consciousness remained in hers at the same time. I had first encountered this effect on this very couch 15 years ago.

"This is so weird," she said.

"It sure is," my voice responded.

Stephanie laughed, delighted, and then she turned serious, leaning forward to look into my eyes. "Unca JP? You in there?"

"YES!" I roared in my head, "GET OUT!"

She clearly didn't hear me. "Hmm..." she murmured. She leaned forward and unzipped my jeans, and then turned both of us back to the TV screen. I felt her consciousness recede from my mind and...

Again, I had no recollection of the last minute or so. It seemed like that commercial break had passed quickly.

Stephanie cleared her throat. "Um..."

I looked at her, and then followed her gaze to my lap. I was flying low! I jumped up and turned away from her, zipping up, embarrassed. How had I forgotten to zip? I sat back down and gave her a mumbled, "Thanks."

"No problem!" She seemed gleeful, almost ... mischievous?

Steph took control of my body a few more times that afternoon, making sure I was back in my original position when she returned my body to me. She was definitely smarter than I was at her age when I had been doing this to her mother.

At some point while Stephanie was in charge of my body I figured out that the amnesia I was experiencing was due to my brain not properly "saving to the hard drive" (to use computer terms) while in that state. It was kind of like how some people couldn't remember what they did when really drunk, or on drugs. However, when I was pushed into the back of my mind I again remembered the things Stephanie did while controlling me, but there was nothing I could do about it!

At dinner, my sister suddenly jumped in her seat. We all looked at her.

"Sorry," she said, looking confused, and returned to eating.

A minute later I felt Steph push her consciousness into my head. I looked at Marie and she looked back at me, and then she winked. I winked back.

Both of us, neither in control of our own bodies, looked over at our daughter. She had a huge smile on her face.

And then, back in control of our own bodies, we both forgot and returned to eating.

Nothing happened to me that night, but the night after...

I was woken up by Stephanie taking over my body, putting on my robe, and going upstairs. I entered Steph's room and saw her in her own robe, lying on her bed, unmoving, for just a moment, and then she was in control of both me and her own body again. She got up and joined me, and together we headed to her mother's room. My cock was hard by now, tenting my robe and bobbing as I walked.

I had no control but I was aware of what was happening. Steph looked different without her Goth makeup. Not bad, just different ... more normal.

Steph quietly opened the door and stared at the bed for a moment. There was a strange feeling of adjustment in my head, like when someone heavy sits on the same couch as you so you have to re-balance, and then Marie sat up and turned to look at us.

I looked at Steph. She looked at Marie. Marie looked at me. All three of us were Stephanie.

"Wicked!" she said.

We closed the door and then went and sat on Marie's bed. Apparently at some point in her life she had stopped wearing nighties to bed; her boobs came on display when she had sat up. Stephanie in my head was keeping an eye on those, and I noted that they were definitely bigger than the boobs I had played with when we were teenagers. Made sense, I thought, as at some point they had to fill up with milk to feed our baby ... who was now controlling our bodies!

"So, how do we do this?" my voice asked. "It was just us, um, you two last night."

Steph lay with her back against the headboard. "Same as last night," she said, "'Mom-me' will eat me out. This time, though, you get behind her. Neither of us wants to see Uncle JP naked."

Again, thanks, I thought as I doffed my robe and clambered into the described position behind Marie's body, now on its hands and knees between Stephanie's legs. Marie's older but still familiar looking pussy lips looked back at me. My cock was hard and ready.

I looked over Marie's shoulder and could see she was already licking our daughters' pussy. Steph's robe was open now and I spied her smaller breasts, their nipples hard as she used her own mother to give herself oral pleasure.

The sight made my cock even harder, and I lined it up with my sister's damp pussy. Pushing forward, I could see the head pierce her labia.

Steph-in-Marie gasped, lifting her head from Steph's pussy. "Jesus," I heard her say.

I had a little trouble getting any further so I pulled out and transferred some spittle to my cockhead using my fingers. Then I lined it up again and pushed harder.

"Fuck fuck fuck..." she said in my sister's voice. "I ... I don't know if I like this..." she said to herself.

Steph responded, "You said you wanted to get off too. Last night you ate me out good but I didn't want to lick my own mother's cooch. Also..." she angled her head to look at me, "you wanted to try cumming as a male again. Best of both worlds!"

Steph-in-Marie spoke up again as I pushed more of my cock into her warm, wet depths: "Unhh ... but I ... we ... don't like guys! How am I going to ... unnh ... get off?"

Oh, of course! I realized ... Steph was a lesbian! No wonder she didn't want to see me naked. Despite the violation of my body and mind, my ego was a bit restored by this news. Silly what thoughts you'll grab on to in order to keep from going insane.

Steph lifted her mother's face up. "Don't think of men, then. Think of me back there, fucking you with a dildo." Then she pushed her mom's face back down to her crotch.

By now I was 3/4 of the way inside my sister's pussy. She obviously hadn't had sex in a while because she was damned tight! However, her pussy was wet so I was able to pull back and then push in some more until I was all the way inside.

"Oh God..." I heard Steph-in-Marie moan. "So full..."

I ground my crotch against hers, eliciting more moans as she continued to lick her own pussy. Steph had closed her eyes now, concentrating on her approaching climax. My eyes roved over her lithe young body as she used me to pleasure her in her mother's body.

"Uhh! Uahh!" Steph cried out as she was licked to orgasm. My thrusting grew harder and faster. Her mother's pussy was loosening up and very wet by this point.

"Mmm..." Steph sighed, looking at me fucking her mother, "I'd be in sooo much trouble if either of you were aware of what we were doing."

Aware...

I was aware of her mentally possessing me, though I forgot about it once she let me go. Oh God ... was Marie aware as well, right now? Even worse, had she been aware of what I did to her when we were teenagers? Had she been impotently screaming in her own head as I took advantage of her body, only for her to forget afterwards?

I felt the familiar tingling. Steph felt it too.

"I'm gonna cum," my voice announced. "Should I pull out?"

Steph in her mother's body didn't respond, gasping in pleasure as my cock penetrated her in such a way that my lesbian daughter's body would probably never experience. Steph, though, considered for a moment.

"You know, I've always wanted a baby sister or brother. Don't pull out. Let's see if you can put a baby in her!"

My hands grabbed a hold of my sister's hips tightly, and the force and tempo of my thrusting increased dramatically.

No! I cried out in my head. Not again! The first time I had impregnated my sister I didn't know what I was doing, but this time I did, and it seemed that Stephanie did too ... and didn't care!

"This is sooo fucking hot!" Steph said, gasping. I looked up to see her playing with herself, two fingers dipping into her teenage pussy. Her mother's face was no longer between her legs, instead pressed into the bed by the force of my thrusts.

"Here ... it ... cums!" my voice cried out, thrusting my hips hard, pushing my sister forward and making her collapse onto our daughter's legs. I held my cock as deep inside her as possible as my proven babymaking seed spewed out of the tip, inundating her reproductive system for the first time in 15 years.

"OhhGoooooohhdddd!" Marie's voice gasped out as Steph felt the potent warmth shooting into her mother's unprotected pussy. I felt her insides clamp down on my erupting member as she exploded into her own orgasm.

In my head I thought I could hear my sister's voice crying out in despair as she was violated once again, or maybe it was just my imagination, or my conscience.

Once we had recovered, Steph checked to make sure her consciousness was still in both of her parents. The first time she had orgasmed in my body she had slipped out of my head due to the unfamiliar pleasurable feelings, as I had done the first time I had orgasmed in my sister's body. This time, though, all was well. Despite the absurdity of it all, I was proud of how well my daughter had learned to use her power.

Steph-in-Marie realized that there would be a problem if her mother woke up with all that semen leaking out of her pussy. She was able to find a douche kit in the bathroom and used water to clean it all out, or as much as it could. However, even I knew that the douche would push some of my dangerous seed deeper inside her mother, my sister.

Finally, Steph and I left Marie's room together. We waited and listened to confirm that Marie didn't wake up after her daughter's consciousness vacated her head. Then Steph returned to her own room, got into bed, and directed me back downstairs. Once I was lying down with the covers over me, I was again myself, asleep, and oblivious to the last hour or so.

Some of you may be wondering, if I only remembered what my daughter did to me while she was doing it, how could I be recounting my tale to you now? Well, there is a reason, but I will explain later.

These macabre nocturnal threesomes continued much the same every night for a couple of weeks, until one night when Steph and I went to her mother's room, Marie didn't wake up. Steph concentrated on her mother again and again, and finally she gave up. We went downstairs to my couch.

I had already figured out what had happened, to my dismay. The last time I had been controlling my sister and then all of a sudden I lost that ability was when she had gotten pregnant. My sister was once again pregnant with her brother's child, though this time at her own daughter's direction.

Steph in both bodies was sexually frustrated. We had both been ready for some hot sex and now we were stuck. Except Steph-in-me had testosterone coursing through her veins.

I turned Steph away from me and started to rub her shoulders. She sighed, relaxing into my touch. I worked on the area around her neck, and then slid her robe down around her shoulders as I went down her spine.

When I kissed the back of her neck she stiffened, trying to pull away.

"It's just me," my voice said in a girly tone, "just you." Steph relaxed again, leaning back against my chest. I rubbed her lower back for a bit, and then slipped my hands around her slim hips, toward that space between her legs.

She stopped my hands, moving them back. I moved them upward to her shoulder blades, digging my thumbs around them, eliciting sounds of approval from her. After a bit my hands went around and cupped her breasts.

She gasped but this time did not move my hands away. Those hands, directed by a portion of her own consciousness and knowing what she liked, massaged the flesh of her small breasts, my fingers skillfully, lightly, pinching her nipples at intervals. When she was ready, Steph-in-me moved one of my hands back down, between her legs.

This time she did not object. I kissed the back of her neck again as one finger slid between her wet lips. My thumb quickly found her clitoris. Another of my fingers slipped inside her as my thumb rubbed that clit with skill borne of direct intimate knowledge of the body it belonged to.

It did not take long for Stephanie to cum on my finger. She gasped and shook as her young pussy throbbed around it.

Steph-in-me wanted relief for our now very hard cock but Steph told her/me to stop and get back in bed. I did. Steph left the basement and I was me again, asleep and unaware of the last few minutes.

In the morning I woke up with the biggest case of blue balls and had to take care of it before coming upstairs.

All the next day Steph seemed frustrated and easy to anger. We gave her a lot of space. Conversely, my sister seemed in great spirits; she almost seemed to glow.

That night Steph quietly came downstairs with some beers from the fridge and then took over my body. She had her first swig of beer in both bodies at the same time.

"Tastes bitter," Steph said.

I looked back at her. "Tastes great!" I replied.

That actually answered a question I had wondered about for years: did food taste different based on the body inhabited during the tasting? It seemed it did!

We continued to drink the beer. It seemed Steph gradually came to like it, or at least she kept drinking. Maybe she didn't want to just give up on this chance to drink adult drinks. Before we knew it the 6-pack was gone.

I looked at pretty, now-drunk Stephanie sitting next to me on the couch and leaned forward to kiss her. She initially recoiled, but then Steph-in-me reminded her, "It's me." Steph closed her eyes and returned the kiss.

Our kissing got more intense as our tongues intertwined. Steph seemed to quite enjoy kissing herself, though she kept her eyes closed so she didn't have to look at me. My mouth moved to the nape of her neck as one of my hands slipped into her robe, massaging a breast. Steph was breathing heavily now; both of her was.

I urged Steph to lie back and my fingers went to her pussy as I continued to kiss her. Like the previous night, Steph-in-me was able to bring herself to orgasm quickly due to the intimate knowledge of how to pleasure her own body.

My robe had come open by this point. I quickly removed my finger from Steph's vagina and replaced it with the head of my extremely hard cock, the tip glistening with pre-cum. Steph was still recovering from her orgasm so she wasn't yet aware of what was happening.

I moved my hips forward, the head of my cock slipping between my daughter's wet labia. At this point she noticed what was going on.

"What? No! Stop!" She pushed on my chest. I paused, seemingly mentally torn.

My voice spoke, "But it'll feel so good! Remember how it felt when you were Mom?" My cock slipped a little deeper inside my daughter's pussy as I pushed harder. I could feel something in there restricting me from going further ... her hymen?

"NO!" she yelled, her consciousness abandoning my head and leaving me confused, my cock still partly inside my niece/daughter as she tried to push me away.

Realizing that she had lost control, she concentrated and quickly jumped back into my head. I rolled off of Steph, my dick popping out of her still technically virginal love channel.

"Holy shit!" Steph-in-me said, looking at Steph as she re-tied her robe. "I can't believe I did that! I just ... just wanted to stick my dick in you, and cum in you, and I didn't care what would happen."

Steph looked back at me, her body angled away. "I guess asshole guys really are controlled by their hormones," she said. "You can't think straight when you're trying to get some."

"We can't keep doing this," I told her.

"I know," she replied. "Something's going to go wrong at some point." She got up, put the empty beer bottles back into their box, and then took them to the stairs. She waited there while I got back into my sleeping position, my breathing becoming slow and easy over the next few minutes. Then she headed upstairs, breaking our mental connection and leaving me asleep and amnesiac to this truncated sexual encounter.

When I woke up in the morning I sort of remembered a dream about trying to fuck my daughter. Weird, I thought. Though I once again had blue balls, thinking about the dream turned me off. Once I had started getting ready for the day the dream had faded.

That day I dropped resumes off at several places in town, and was home reading a book in the living room when Steph returned from school. I heard giggling from someone other than Steph, and then I was once again no longer in control of my body.

I put the book down, making sure to keep my page, and headed downstairs to my couch/bed. Steph was lying on it, and opened her eyes when I entered the room. Sitting next to her were two girls around her age.

I eyed them predatorily. They were eyeing me back.

The first girl, a blonde, spoke up, "How do we know this isn't fake, Steph? Your uncle could be in on this."

"Do something that only he can see or feel and I'll tell you what you did. I'm in his head so I'll know," Steph replied.

The blonde stood up and walked toward me. She looked older than Steph's 14 years but I was almost twice her age so it was hard to tell. She was wearing a tight red and white striped t-shirt that framed her boobs nicely, and flare jeans that showed off her curvy hips and ass.

The girl looked over her shoulder at Steph and held three fingers up in front of her, making sure neither girl on the couch could see. "How many fingers am I holding up?" she asked Steph.

Steph smiled. "Three."

The blonde still looked unconvinced. She moved behind me and lifted my shirt. I then felt her finger moving along my back. She was ... drawing letters there? B ... U ... L ... L ... S ... H...

"Bullshit," Steph said before her friend could finish the word.

"Holy fuck!" the blonde said, dropping my shirt and moving back in front of me. She looked at me like I was a piece of meat. I won't say that it wasn't kind of hot. She was a pretty girl, and obviously not shy.

The other girl stood up. This one had mousy brown hair, glasses, and wasn't curvy or stacked. She was just slim, her t-shirt and jeans a little too big so it showed off nothing. She moved in front of me, looking me in the face, though she wouldn't maintain eye contact, darting her gaze to the side as she asked, "How did we meet?"

I looked down at her. "You were being picked on by Vance Tiernan and Matt Golding at your locker and I told them to take their little dicks and go play with themselves. They fucked off and we've been friends since."

The brown-haired girl smiled in delight. "Oh Steph, that's awesome!" She turned and sat back down next to my daughter/niece. Steph looked quite proud of herself.

The blonde asked, "So you can feel everything he does, and he won't remember this?" She looked back at Steph.

Steph nodded. The blonde then reached forward and unzipped my jeans, reaching inside. Her hand grabbed my cock, which was already half-hard, probably because Steph had been thinking about having some fun with her friends.

"Mmm..." both Steph and I said in unison, "that feels good."

The blonde took her hand away, looking to Steph and then back to me with a crazy look on her face. Then she unfastened my jeans and pulled them down, my underwear coming down with them. My now hard cock was pointing at three teenage girls, the eyes of the two newest going wide at the sight.

"Holy fuck!" the blonde said, getting down on her knees in front of me. "Look at that thing!"

"Don't just look," Steph urged, "Touch it! When else are you going to get a chance to do stuff with a guy's dick when he's not around?"

The blonde chewed her lip a little, and then gingerly took a hold of my shaft. She experimented with different grips and squeezed it from softly to not so softly. It still felt nice.

"C'mere, Alex. You have to touch this," the blonde said.

The glasses wearing girl, Alex, didn't move. Her eyes were as wide as saucers.

"Get over here!" the blonde said forcefully. Alex obeyed, jumping from the couch to kneel down next to the blonde.

The blonde held my cock out to Alex. "Play with it," she said. Alex reached forward, tentatively touching the head and pulling her hand back quickly.

"It's warm," she said. The blonde rolled her eyes. Then Alex reached forward again and grasped my shaft, getting used to it. Soon she was pulling the skin toward her and sliding it back. She started slow but picked up on what she needed to do quickly. She was getting a good rhythm going.

Steph spoke up, "He's gonna cum soon."

Alex let go of my cock as if it was a poisonous snake. It bobbed up and down between the kneeling girls.

The blonde grabbed it, jacking quickly. She wasn't afraid. Her eyes were filled with wonder.

I started to gasp as I got close. She increased her speed and pointed my cock at Alex, who squealed and jumped back. She managed to get to the far side of the couch before I started to spurt, my cum arcing toward her but falling short and splashing on the carpet.

When I finished my ejaculation the blonde looked at the cum remaining on her hand and then brought it to her tongue, tasting it. "Not bad," she said, appraisingly.

Alex came over and sniffed the remainder on the blonde's hand, scooping some off and tasting it herself. Her face scrunched up. "Eww."

The blonde looked over at Steph. "Have you tasted his cum, Steph?"

"Oh gross, no," she replied. "He's my uncle!"

"Have you ever fucked him?"

"Same answer," Steph said. I could see her face change a little as she said that. When she had taken control of my sister, her mother, I had fucked her in Marie's body from behind. Though it wasn't actually Stephanie's body I had fucked, she still remembered what it had felt like, and so it was a kind of lie.

The blonde turned back to my cock, which had only flagged a little. "Can he go again?" she asked.

I spoke up this time, making the girls in front of me jump a little, as I hadn't spoken for a few minutes. "He's kind of old, but I think so." Thanks Steph, I thought. Steph-in-me wagged my cock at the girls. "Maybe one of you could use your mouth to get it ready again?"

"Eww!" Alex said, backing off. The blonde, however, moved forward and sucked my cock right into her mouth. She was inexperienced but quickly got me hard again. She kept sucking and bobbing her head, making the most of the first blowjob she was likely to have ever given.

Then she stopped and beckoned Alex over. "You do it too!" she commanded, and Alex obeyed again. It was clear who was the "sub" in this group.

Alex took the head of my cock into her mouth, sucking. A little semen from my first cum slipped out of my urethra and she recoiled at the taste, but a look from the blonde got her back to sucking.

She got a bit more of my cock into her mouth and started to move it in and out, deeper and deeper. She got maybe half of it in and could take no more without choking, so she continued the blowjob on only the top half of my shaft.

Even with her poor blowjob skills, Alex was able to get me close to cumming due to the erotic and forbidden nature of this encounter. As I started to moan she backed off and the blonde took over, jacking my cock at the base while sucking the top half, as Alex had done. Within a minute I grunted and my second cum of the day shot into the mouth of the inexperienced but enthusiastic blonde teenager. Like a trooper, she kept her mouth on my cock and took the entire load, swallowing it when her mouth got full. When she was done she kissed my cock head and sucked the last drops out.

"Shit, look at the time," Steph said, looking at the wall clock. I got my underwear and pants back on while Steph wiped up the mess on the carpet with toilet paper.

The girls walked me back to the living room and then Steph put me back into the position I had been in when she took me over an hour earlier, holding my book at the same page. Even with this total violation of my body I had to admire her attention to detail.

Then the girls headed to Steph's room and I found myself sitting on the couch, book in hand and a bit befuddled. What line had I just read? I felt tired ... maybe I needed a nap.

Instead of taking control of me at night like she had been doing for weeks, Steph would bring her friends over after school. My parents were out running their own business and my sister Marie worked in a local restaurant as a server during the day, so I was the only one in the house.

This time the girls were going to try something new: some kissing practice. My clothes on, I sat on the couch and the blonde climbed astride me. She had worn a skirt today, which fanned out around us as she settled down, leaving her panty-protected crotch pressed against my jeans-covered lap.

She wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me passionately. Soon our tongues were going at it and I could feel her pelvis moving, stimulating my cock through my jeans. Within a few minutes her hips were moving madly as she tried to get greater stimulation down there.

I stopped her and unfastened my jeans. She rose up and I slipped them down my legs. My underwear remained, tented out by my hard cock. The blonde (I still didn't know her name!) settled back down, gasping as she felt my hardness connect with her pussy mound through the two thin layers of fabric.

This felt a LOT better, and she quickly resumed her hip movements as we continued to kiss passionately. My hand came up under her shirt to massage one of her breasts through her bra, and then she gasped and started to shake in orgasm.

Within a minute or two she was spent and rolled off of me. My briefs were visibly soaked from her cum and my pre-cum.

"Your turn," Steph said to Alex. The bespectacled teen looked frightened but once again she was ordered into action.

Alex clambered into my lap. She was wearing what looked like the same jeans from yesterday, and as we kissed her jeans rubbed against my cock in a most uncomfortable way.

"Take off your jeans," I said, unfastening them for her. She hesitated, but then the blonde stood her up and pulled Alex's jeans down, also leaving her with only her panties for protection. Alex climbed back into my lap.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home | Top [Bookmark Next] | Krosis of the Collective's Page |   Feedback to author



Home | Krosis of the Collective's Page « Controlling Sister Index « Chapter 2|   Mail |   Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: February 03, 2016 - 09:17:06 am
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

I pulled her into another kiss while gripping her hips and urging them downward. She gasped as her genitals felt the hardness of my cock through our underwear.

She relaxed into the kisses and soon she was gasping and grinding against me. I could take no more and grunted into her mouth as I came, filling my underwear with cum built up over half an hour of two teenage girls grinding on my cock. Alex gasped as she felt the warmth of my cum through the two layers of fabric and then she started to orgasm herself, thrusting her pussy against my now-sopping underwear as she shook uncontrollably.

After we recovered Alex got up on unsteady feet and looked at the mess that had been made of both pairs of our underwear. Hers was nearly see-thru from all the cum that had inundated it right near her now almost visible pussy lips. She looked scared.

"Steph, I'll get pregnant!" she cried.

Steph got up and pulled her slim friend into a hug. She seemed to think for a moment and then said, "Don't worry ... Unca JP got a vasectomy a while back. He's shooting blanks and can't get you pregnant."

That little liar! She gave her-in-me a knowing look. I understood ... she must have found it really hot when her-in-me fucked her Mom and came inside her unprotected pussy so many times, and now she was going to do the same with her poor little friend!

Alex hugged Steph hard. "Oh thank God!" She paused and then I heard her whisper, "That was so hot!"

We took off my underwear, cleaned me up, and Steph found an extra pair in my suitcase. She also found my box of condoms which she quickly put back so that her friends wouldn't see it. We all got dressed and then Steph returned me to my regularly scheduled life, almost an hour after I remembered anything. Man, I thought, I must be getting old to get tired so early, and the afternoons seemed to keep getting away from me!

The next afternoon was much the same as the previous, the blonde astride me with her jeans off but her panties and my underwear still on as we kissed. I noticed she was getting really good at kissing. She also did her best to aim the head of my confined cock to where her pussy was as she gave me a teenage lap dance.

I managed to get her t-shirt and bra pulled up so that I could suck one of her puffy nipples into my mouth. She came instantly and I almost did as well as she frantically rubbed herself off on me.

Alex replaced her again, but as she settled down on my lap I made sure to pull the waistband of my underwear down so that she unknowingly settled her panties down on the shaft of my bare penis. Like her friend, she had learned from our kissing practice. I enjoyed kissing the slim, bespectacled girl as she heated up in my lap.

Like the blonde, Alex moved her hips so as to direct my cock head to the part of her undies that protected her pussy. The absence of my underwear made the contact better for both of us.

I lifted Alex's t-shirt and bra, as I had done with the blonde, though Alex's was actually a sports bra. Her breasts were very small, but she had surprisingly wide areolae. I sucked one of them into my mouth. She gasped.

As Alex was distracted, Steph came from behind and, carefully using her fingers, angled the head of my cock so that it pushed the crotch of Alex's underwear to the side a little. It was awkward, but I adjusted my hips to assist. After a few more tries I felt the tip of my dick touch the warmth of Alex's pussy lips directly, now that her underwear was no longer in the way.

Alex gasped but didn't pull away. In fact, she adjusted her movements to amplify the pleasure she was feeling down there, which caused the head of my cock to slide up her pussy lips and bounce off of her clitoris. She whimpered a little but kept working at it, the angle of her hip thrusts becoming steeper as she continued the movements.

I released Alex's nipple and we started kissing again. A moment later my cock head dipped between her vaginal lips and instead of bouncing out it penetrated a little. Alex paused at this sudden change, but then she put more downward pressure on her hips and started to kiss me again, gasping.

I could feel my cock going into her wet but unused teenaged pussy, little by little. She stopped kissing me and looked down at where we were now joined at the crotch.

"Oh God..." she said, but she continued to push down. A little more of my cock entered her virginal passage. My 6 inch cock was maybe a third of the way in by now.

Both of the other girls had knelt or lay down to the side to get a good view of their friend losing her virginity. Steph, on my right side, had her hand under her long skirt, frigging herself through her tights.

I put my arms around Alex's hips and lifted her up a little, causing her to give a little squeak. Then I settled her down again. The movement allowed almost half of my cock to enter her.

I then felt fingers lightly handle my ballsack and squeeze a little. It had to have been the blonde, as Steph was still busy masturbating. This new sensation sent me over the edge. I rolled my head back and bellowed as those balls gave up their precious cargo. That potent seed rushed out, mixed with my semen, and blasted out of my cock like a cannon, painting the young girl's insides with dangerous sperm.

"OH GODDDD... !" Alex screamed as she felt my cock, only halfway inside her, throbbing, filling her with warm liquid life. She pushed her hips down hard as she herself started to cum and my cock went even deeper inside the welcoming pussy of the young girl, allowing my babymaker even more exclusive access to her pristine, fertile insides. My cum filled her up, some of the spurts shooting right through her cervix as it spasmed open and closed in time with the orgasmic waves that threatened to send the poor girl into unconsciousness. I could hear both Steph and the blonde off to either side of me, cumming hard on their fingers as they watched their unsuspecting friend getting inseminated.

Finally, it was over. Alex slumped on top of me as I lay back on the sofa, one last little orgasmic aftershock from her pulling the remainder of the sperm from my cock, which was now fully embedded in her, the tip now flush with her cervical opening. If it was the girl's fertile time of the month then there would be almost no chance she wouldn't get pregnant from this.

That evening Steph asked if her friend Tara could sleep over. Since it was Friday night the adults had no problem with that. In fact, they actually seemed surprised by the question, so I guessed Steph never usually had sleepovers.

When Tara arrived after dinner I was introduced to the pretty blonde who had been playing with my cock for the last few days, although I was unaware of who she was in my current state of mind. She looked at me strangely as I shook her hand, but I of course had no idea what that meant. Girls, I thought.

Steph actually changed places with me that night, her comatose body remaining on my couch while the entirety of her consciousness was in mine. When Steph-in-me entered her room I found Tara waiting for me, lying on Steph's bed in a seductive manner ... well, as seductive as a 14- or 15-year-old girl can be. She was wearing light drawstring pants and a white tank top that clearly showed her stiff nipples.

I kept my robe on and sat on the bed next to Tara. I realized I finally knew the blonde's name now! She got up on her knees to give me a kiss, and then pulled back to look at me closely.

"Steph?" she asked.

"Yep," Steph-in-me replied.

The blonde looked almost embarrassed. "So I'm going to have sex with you? Isn't that kinda gay?"

I removed my robe. "You're going to have sex with a guy. Yes, my mind is female, but that's my problem, not yours. When I'm in this body it's like I'm not a girl anymore ... it doesn't feel the same. In some ways it's better." I lay back on the bed, looking at Tara expectantly.

Tara couldn't help but keep glancing at my cock, which had been hard since about halfway up the stairs. "What does it feel like when you cum as a man?" she asked.

I stroked my cock as I looked at the teenaged beauty. "It's hard to describe. Everything's focused on this thing." Steph-in-me pointed my dick at her friend, giving it a shake, and continued, "I guess it's like having a really big clit and there are no distracting feelings from other parts like your breasts, or from inside your v-jay. The cock is all."

Tara started to pull off her pants. "Give me that thing," she said, "I want to feel it inside me. I can't believe Alex got it first."

I sat up while Tara removed her shirt, freeing those fantastic boobs that would only get better over the next few years. Her nipples were hard and puffy. After removing her pants and underwear she lay back and I lowered my head between her legs, saying, "You'll have to be quiet ... my Mom's in the next room."

She looked down at me. "You're not going to ... uuoooohhhhh..."

I had planted my mouth on her clit and started flicking it with my tongue. Tara laid her head back, overwhelmed by the sensations. After a bit I moved my head lower to the bed, pointing my tongue and pushing it into her pussy while continuing to flick her clit with my finger.

She grabbed the pillow and gasped into it as I tasted her juices and felt her vagina throbbing around my tongue.

My cock was extremely hard now. I sat back on my knees, moved up and slotted it into place between her legs. She looked down as the head of my babymaker started to push into her wet folds. Steph-in-me went slow, trying not to hurt her friend.

"It's okay," Tara said, breathing heavy, "My cherry's gone already. Give it to me."

Steph-in-me didn't waste time with the unspoken question of who took her friend's cherry, instead pushing forward hard. Half of my cock went into the teenaged blonde beauty, its passage eased by my saliva and the juices produced from the girl's orgasm. We both groaned. I pulled back a bit and then jabbed it in again, this time getting three quarters of the way in.

For all of Steph's abilities, she was still just a novice with a cock. You don't just shove it in and go for broke; you tease, adjust the angle and depth, and change it up. Still, it felt fantastic.

Tara's head was back on the pillow again. "Goddddd..." she moaned.

Another thrust and my cock was fully buried in the possibly fertile depths of this hot teenager who was completely unaware of the danger she was in. Steph-in-me pulled back and started to thrust with long and hard strokes.

Tara's head was lolling back and forth on the pillow as she got fucked. Then, on one particularly hard thrust she stiffened her spine and raised herself up halfway to a sitting position as she came HARD on my cock. I paused, feeling her pussy grip my penis with unexpected force.

"Uh ... uhh ... uhhh..." she gasped. The walls of her pussy undulated up and down my shaft in a way I'd never felt before, and then...

"Oh shit!" Steph-in-me said as Tara's pussy stimulated my cock to orgasm. It felt like the girl's vagina was a mouth, sucking the cum out of my shaft. I held my cock deep inside the orgasming girl as my seed splashed hard against the back of her pussy.

Finished, I pulled out and excess cum spilled out of the quivering blonde. She was still experiencing orgasmic aftershocks.

I rolled to the side and watched the beautiful teenager recover from the overwhelming orgasms. Finally, she turned to me.

"Oh Steph, that was incredible! I've never cum like that before." She looked down at the pearly white mess pouring out of her. "You're sure your uncle's shooting blanks, right?"

"Of course," I said, "We wouldn't be doing this otherwise."

Liar, I thought.

Tara looked down at my body. My cock had gone down a little, but not much. Then she asked, "So you've never done anything sexy with your uncle?"

"Ew, no," I replied. "I told you, it's gross."

Tara looked up at the ceiling. "Too bad," she murmured.

After a minute or so Tara got out of bed and put only her top and underwear back on. "Going to clean up and have a pee," she said, leaving the room and closing the door behind her.

While I waited I used some tissues to clean off my dick. A few minutes later Tara came back. She had a renewed hunger in her eyes.

"Get on your back," she commanded, stripping off and clambering onto the bed. I did so, and she got into cowgirl position. She was inexperienced, but got the head of my cock into her without too much trouble. Once everything was lined up she was able to get all the way down my cock shaft with only a few bounces.

"Mmm, yeah..." she moaned, grinding her pelvis against mine. It felt fantastic.

This was a more leisurely screw, now that the initial need to FUCK had been taken care of. I looked up at the blonde beauty riding me, her breasts bouncing lightly in time with her down thrusts. I moved my fingers up and tweaked her pointy nipples.

"Can I ... kiss you?" Tara asked.

"Yeah," Steph-in-me responded.

Tara leaned forward as I released her nipples and we kissed lovingly, tenderly. She continued her up and down movements on my cock as our tongues danced together.

She pulled back a little. "I'm making love to you, Steph."

"Yeah," was all I managed to get out before she renewed our kissing, more passionately this time. I could feel her pussy starting to tighten a little around my cock, and her movements increased in speed.

Knowing that Tara was getting close to cumming brought me closer to my own release. I thrust my hips up harder in order to get my cock deeper.

Finally, Tara cried out into my mouth and I pressed my lips firmly to hers to keep her quiet as her pussy once again gripped my cock spasmodically. My orgasm followed swiftly and I grunted into the kiss. For the second time that night Tara's wanton pussy practically sucked my potent sperm right out of my cock and deep into her teenaged reproductive system.

Tara's orgasm continued after mine had finished. I could feel the girl's pussy walls urging the last drops of life-giving fluid from my cock, its head as deep as possible within her.

She dismounted and lay into the crook of my shoulder, panting. This was nice.

We awoke the next morning holding each other. I could feel my adrenaline kick in as the situation dawned on Steph-in-me.

"Shit!" I said, jumping out of bed and putting on my clothes as quick as I could while glancing at the clock.

"Steph?" Tara called from the bed, concerned.

"It's still me," I responded, leaning in for a kiss. "I think everyone is still asleep, but I have to get out of here NOW." I opened the bedroom door, glanced about, and then quickly and quietly slipped out.

Back downstairs, Steph returned to her body while still controlling mine. We swapped positions and she waited at the bottom of the stairs while she made my body relax, slowing my breathing. Finally, she pulled all of herself back into her own head and once again left me sleeping and unaware of the night's adventures.

Steph managed to convince her Mom to let Tara sleep over again the next night. I was happy to have a cutie like Tara hanging around, with her tight t-shirt and jeans, though I felt like a bit of a letch. She kept giving me strange looks, almost like she was checking me out, but there seemed to be something else there. She was an odd chick, I mused.

That night I entered Steph's room to find both girls on the bed, naked and waiting. I was surprised, but of course Steph-in-me wasn't.

I could hear my voice, kept low so as to not wake anyone else in the house, "Mm-mmm! Two sexy girls, all for me?"

Tara looked at Steph in anticipation.

Steph shook her head at the blonde. "We agreed only you. I'll stay to watch, though, like you asked."

Tara moved to the edge of the bed and opened my robe. She grabbed my already hard cock and started jacking it off. I watched Steph sit with her back to her bed's headboard, idly playing with her pussy as she watched.

Tara engulfed my cock with her mouth, the hot, wet sensation causing me to gasp with pleasure. She still wasn't able to get more than half in her mouth but she kept jacking the lower half with her hand. It felt fantastic.

She was already getting me close to orgasm when she stopped and stood up. She put her arms around me and then jumped, wrapping her legs around my hips. My hands immediately went to hold her ass so she wouldn't fall. She looked down, adjusting her hips. My cock bounced off of her thigh, then her pubes. Finally realizing what she was trying to do, Steph-in-me got a better grip and steered my cock into her friend's juicy pussy.

With gravity and her copious vaginal juices assisting it didn't take long for me to bottom out in the excited girl. Sliding in and out was difficult, though, so we ground our sexes together while we kissed.

After a bit my arms got tired so I turned and pushed Tara up against the exterior wall. This made it easier to hold her in place while I thrust my cock into her. It didn't take long, and then I was blowing a load of babymaking sperm inside her.

We collapsed onto the bed, making Steph squeak and pull away as I landed on her foot. She was red with exertion, and I realized I had probably just kept her from reaching orgasm herself with my ill-timed landing.

Tara looked at her, hopeful. "Want him to finish you off?"

"No, no," Steph said as she moved away from me.

Tara was raring to go again, attacking my cock with her mouth once more. She was getting pretty good at cocksucking, and my manhood was ready within a couple of minutes.

I lay back and she got into the cowgirl position again, my dick easily sliding into her sopping pussy.

This was once again a leisurely screw. We kissed as she slowly rose and fell, gathering our passion bit by bit.

Soon, though, she was moving faster upon me. As she reared up in order to get deeper penetration Steph wrapped her arms around her from behind, one hand going to one of her friend's breasts and the other down to her clit.

"Steph! What--?!"

"Shh," Steph said. "You're already fucking me there. Let me do you from here as well." She kissed the back of Tara's neck, making the blonde shudder in pleasure.

It seemed she was okay with it, adjusting the angle of my cock in order to give Steph better access to her love button. Steph's other hand pinched and kneaded her friend's stiff nipple and puffy areola.

Tara's movements weren't as stimulating with the new angle, but the sight of Steph masturbating her friend more than made up for that.

Steph looked over Tara's shoulder at me. "He's going to cum," she whispered.

"Yes..." Tara whispered back, closing her eyes and moving faster on my cock as she felt it swell a little inside her.

Steph kissed the side of Tara's neck. "Do you want that? To feel him cum deep inside you? Tell me."

Tara's mouth was open now, her eyes still closed. I could feel her pussy starting to tighten around my cock. "Yes ... I want it ... I want to feel that hot cum fill me up. Oh Steph..."

Steph moved her hand from her friend's clit to her face, turning it towards her own for a kiss. Without that hand there Tara was able to slam her pussy down on my cock, again and again as she French kissed her friend.

"MmmmUUUHHH..." she groaned into Steph's mouth as I felt her pussy bear down on my cock hard. I was already starting to cum, but this increased pressure demanded that my cock pull as much seed as it could from my balls and shoot it as deep inside the orgasming teenager's unprotected vagina as it could, and it did.

Tara collapsed on top of me, gasping, and I heard Steph moaning and then grunting. I looked and saw her lying at my feet, her eyes closed and her fingers deep in her own pussy as her hips rutted up and down, shaking with her own orgasm.

At some point we all fell asleep in the spoon position, me as the big spoon and, of course, Steph as the littlest spoon so only Tara was touching her, not me.

At some point while I was sleeping I barely registered a hand surrounding my cock, rubbing it and bringing it back to life. After a bit Tara moved her body away from me, leaving me cold and with no hand on my cock. My body, controlled by a still-sleeping Stephanie, instinctively moved forward until it was spooning with Tara's warm body again.

The hand returned to my cock, and soon it was at full hardness. Tara moved her topmost leg up, allowing my cock to move between her thighs. I could hear her breathing, heavy with excitement.

The hand directed my cock on a bit of an angle and then I felt the head slip into her wet, hot pussy. Both Steph-in-me and I were still mostly asleep but we were aware of how pleasurable it felt. The hand returned to jacking my cock again. There was urgency in the hand's movements, and the energetic masturbation got me close to orgasm quickly.

I could hear Tara's breathing rate increase as well, and her pelvis started to roll a bit, causing the head of my cock to hit different angles in her pussy, though not enough to dislodge it. I could hear her moaning, "Nnh, nnh..."

As I started to cum I naturally thrust my hips forward to get deeper penetration. Then Tara woke up:

"Wha--?! What?! NO!" She tried scrambling away but my first sperm-filled spurt of semen injected itself where nature wanted it to go. My cock head slipped free and I woke up as the next few spurts went elsewhere.

Then my blood ran cold as I saw that who I thought was Tara was actually Steph! I had just shot some of my sperm inside my daughter's pussy! The supplementary bolts of my cum had coated her pubes and vaginal lips, and as I watched my last spurt splashed right onto her puffy labia.

Tara was between Steph's legs in a flash, her face buried in her friend's cum-saturated sex.

Steph arched her back in pleasure, overcome by her friend's tongue and fingers in her cooze, and probably by Tara's sudden lesbian behavior, which I expect Steph had been hoping for since she had invited her friends to these fuck parties.

I could only sit there and watch, stunned. If I hadn't just cum my cock would have been hard as a rock and buried in Tara's pussy, which was now bobbing in front of me as she was bent over, furiously pleasuring Stephanie.

Steph cried out as she came, shaking hysterically as Tara continued manipulating her friend's clit and pussy.

Finally, it was over. Steph-in-me made sure Steph was fine and then I smacked Tara across the face.

Tara fell to the bed and held her cheek, crying.

"Why the fuck did you do that?" I hissed. I realized that we had been louder than we should have been, so kept it down in the hopes that we had been undetected.

"I'm sorry," Tara sniffled. She turned to Steph. "I really wanted you to have sex with your uncle. I NEEDED it."

Steph got up and hugged her friend, backing me off with a look.

After some light questioning Tara revealed her reasons for this bizarre sexual assault. Late last year her uncle had visited and abused her one night, taking her virginity and blackmailing her into silence. She had mixed feelings about it because she had found the sex pleasurable, but her uncle had made her afraid. With Steph controlling me, her uncle, Tara's fucked up logic was that if Steph-in-me had sex with Steph and we both enjoyed it then that would somehow balance everything out.

She also revealed that on the previous night, after our first round of sex, instead of going to the bathroom to pee like she had said, she had instead gone downstairs. In trying to get her fantasy to come true she had extracted some of my cum from her dripping pussy and, moving aside the crotch of Steph's underwear, had used her finger to push it into her comatose friend's vagina. She had done this with several fingerfulls before returning to Steph's bedroom, turned on by the forbidden thing she had just done and ready for more sex. By morning the dangerous sperm in Steph's virginal pussy had dried or swam deeper inside her, so she didn't notice anything out of the ordinary when she had woken up.

Steph looked down at her pubes and vaginal lips, now completely devoid of semen. "Oh ... and I suppose all the cum that Unca JP sprayed on my cunny didn't just get licked up by you, did it?"

Tara blushed. "I pushed it all inside you while I made you cum."

I felt sick and I was pretty sure Steph did as well. Since Tara didn't know I hadn't actually had a vasectomy, she thought what she had done was harmless fun; a kind of sexy prank. And since it was harmless, she was confused as to why we were so pissed off.

Steph turned her friend to face her. "I'm mad because I don't actually like men, Tara. I'm a lesbian."

Tara thought for a moment, and then her face brightened in a smile. "OH!" she exclaimed. "That makes so much sense. Oh, Steph, I'm so sorry."

The girls hugged, and then Steph-in-me got dressed and quietly returned to the basement. It was only 5 AM by this point so we hadn't woken anybody.

Steph took me over after Tara left in the morning and Steph-in-me told the family I was taking her out for the day. I didn't know what was going on, but one bus ride later (paid by me, of course) and we were in the next town. She had me purchase the "morning after pill" from a pharmacy, which she immediately took.

Once she got what she needed we wandered into a park. We strolled along for a while. A teenaged boy with light brown skin passed us, going the other way, and for a moment I thought he looked familiar, but I couldn't turn my head to check because Steph-in-me was still in charge.

A few minutes later Steph forced my body to fall forward. To my recollection, one moment I had just finished breakfast and the next...

"Unca JP! Are you okay?"

"What ... happened... ?" I said, confused. I was laying face first on the ground and my head hurt.

Steph helped me sit up. "You tripped, Unca JP, and hit your head. Come here." She helped me to a nearby bench.

My daughter was practically a criminal mastermind. The blow to my head explained my memory loss, and she filled me in on our plans for the day, next of which was apparently ice cream.

Man, I was a schmuck.

On the next day, Monday, the after school fun resumed. I fucked Alex while she was bent over the couch cushions. As I held her hips to make sure to plant my seed as deeply inside her as possible when I blew, I noticed that it seemed like her young body had started to fill out a little. It didn't seem as boney as it had a few days before. Possibly her body was maturing due to her recent sexual awakening, or maybe my boys had succeeded in their mission? Time would tell.

I also fucked Tara from behind as she ate Steph out. Alex seemed shocked by the lesbian display but didn't freak out. In fact, she wanted another go after I was done filling Tara up with my second round of babymakers.

Once again I lost track of time, suddenly tired, and my parents got home seemingly only a few minutes after Steph did.

Wait a minute, I thought. The weird dreams, the lost time ... could it be... ?

The next afternoon I set up my Dad's video camera in the living room book shelf a little before school got out, and started to read. I heard Steph getting home and the next I knew, I was tired and I had lost time again.

I immediately went to the book shelf and rewound the tape. Sure enough, a few minutes in I got up and left the room for an hour, returning and sitting back down just before I noted the time loss.

Stephanie had my gift! And she was doing something with my body for an hour or more each afternoon. But what?

Oh God, I thought, she wasn't having sex with me, was she? I was her father! Well, she didn't know that, but at the very least I was her uncle, and that was still bad.

And then the voice of my conscience sounded in my head, 'As bad as having sex with your sister?'

I sat down, feeling guilty.

I didn't confront Stephanie that night. A second review of the tape with the volume up yielded the sound of me on the basement steps, so for the next afternoon I set up the camera in the basement, pointed towards the couch. Whatever was going on was happening down there.

Once again the unexplained loss of time and energy. Once again I reviewed the tape, but this time I couldn't believe my eyes.

Steph and her friends Tara and Alex? I entered the room and her friends and I got naked and fucked ... without a condom! What the fuck were these girls thinking?! Steph stayed off to the side and frigged herself.

On one hand I was relieved that my daughter wasn't having sex with me, but on the other hand she was making me have sex with minors! I could go to jail!

I called her downstairs after dinner and showed her the tape. Then she disappeared. She could turn invisible too?!

No ... she had controlled me again. The tape was gone from the camera, and then she must have left the room.

I found her upstairs in her room, reading. I closed the door behind me.

"You can't do this, Steph! It's not right!"

She looked up at me, all cool and collected. "Just enjoy it, Unca JP. I could just pretend I'm controlling you so you can actually fuck a couple of cute teenaged girls sometime."

I shook my head. "Are they even on the pill? You didn't use rubbers!"

"Of course they are," she lied.

"You can't do this anymore."

"Yeah I can," she said matter-of-factly, "In fact, if you try to stop me or tell anyone, I'll tell them you were forcing us. I have easy access to your dick to produce as much 'evidence' as I need."

And then I was back downstairs, naked and lying on the couch. My cum splashed on my chest, the final moments of my orgasm washing over me as my hand finished its masturbation, the warm white substance testifying to what Steph had just told me.

I worked on getting a new place to live but it was slow going. Every weekday afternoon I lost time, and on the weekends Steph had sleepovers with her friend Tara and I was pretty sure Steph was making me fuck her on those nights as well.

Then the inevitable happened. One night Marie told the family that she was pregnant and had no idea how that could have happened, as she wasn't seeing anyone. But I knew ... I knew the moment I looked over at our daughter and saw the look of happiness on her face.

It was investigated by the police as a rape, but by this time there was no evidence of how it happened. Marie decided to keep the baby anyway, which made Steph happy because she would soon have a younger sibling. Once again my sister was going to have my baby, and this time I didn't even remember impregnating her.

And that wasn't even the worse of it. A few weeks later the cops showed up and arrested me for statutory rape. Alex had missed her period twice and when her parents found out they forced her to tell them about our afternoon antics. They didn't believe the mind control story but the rest of it was damning.

While I was in jail I learned that Tara also got pregnant. The girls would have their babies a month apart, and another statutory rape charge hit my court docket.

A genetic test on the foetuses conclusively proved my fatherhood, and I was sentenced to two years in prison (one for each girl).

Steph would jump into my head every now and then while I was in prison. Sometimes she would leave me notes which would disappear right after I read them, probably down the toilet. Other times she got ... mischievous.

One time I went from sitting in the common area to finding myself in the middle of a fight with another inmate, which led to a quick beat down for me. What can I say ... I'm a lover, not a fighter.

Another time I was walking back to my cell and then next I knew I was being fucked in the ass by another inmate in a quiet part of the prison. I yelled but no one heard, and then the guy kicked my ass after filling it up with cum.

And now the moment you've all been waiting for: why the hell am I able to tell you about all the times that Steph took over my mind, if I only remembered those times when she was doing it?

Because she's in my mind now. She's not controlling me; just sitting there in the back of my head, watching, feeling what I'm feeling.

You see, as a Goth, she has a natural interest in death. Child molesters might as well have a target painted on their back, and the guards left me alone in the shower at the wrong time. I'm laying here on the tiled floor, naked and cold, my life's blood spilling out of the shiv hole in my back.

They say you see your whole life passing in front of your eyes while you die. They're not far wrong. I can see everything she made me do now.

I can also feel you, my children, in my head. I'm broadcasting my last thoughts to you, in the hope that you understand. Don't use this gift, the curse of my genetics. Controlling people's bodies against their will can only ever be an evil act.

Don't ... don't do what I did. I'm so sorry, Marie, Laverne, my beautiful sisters. Please ... forgive me.

Please...

Stephanie opened her eyes. The pain of the shiv in her uncle's -- no, her father's -- back faded, as did his life. "Goodbye," she said softly, tenderly. In the next room she could hear her baby brother crying.

In the same town, three other babies wailed in two other households, two of which were twins. Their mothers, young and inexperienced, could not calm them for hours.

One town over, Laverne looked at her teenaged son, who seemed to be listening to something she herself couldn't hear.

"You okay, sweetie?" she asked.

"Yeah," he said, and then he looked back at her.

To her eyes he seemed different, somehow suddenly older than his 14 years. And that strange look in his eyes...

And then she was no longer in control of her own body.

Jayna's mother rushed into her daughter's room and took her hand. The blonde girl, looking much like a younger version of her mom, awoke crying.

"Bad dream?" her mother asked.

The girl nodded, looking at her mother. Once again she was reminded of her grandma's words, that her mother had unnatural tendencies, lying with other women as you would a man.

She thought about the dream she had just had. Was there something she could do about that now?
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"Controlling Sister"
     

The End

    | Posted: 2015-12-02 | Krosis of the Collective's Blog | Share: twitter Tweet | 

Home | Top | Krosis of the Collective's Page |   Feedback to author
