Part 1
Posted: 10/28/2010, 3:21:48 AM

Chapter One

"Heather?" My boyfriend rapped lightly on the bathroom door. "What's wrong, are you okay? Heather?"

"Yeah..." I swallowed thickly and that was a mistake. I threw up some more, kneeling on the floor and feeling like death warmed over.

"Heather?" He knocked some more and I just wanted him to...

"Go away."

I washed my face and rinsed my mouth out, hoping it was over because there wasn't anything left in my stomach. All the Chinese food we'd had for our little romantic dinner had come up. That had been his idea and I hoped Brandon would leave, but of course he wouldn't. He was in love and he wanted sex, probably. I'd made him wait all week and now he was here and I was sick, how sexy was that?

Ordinarily I looked pretty good, but my blonde hair was damp with sweat and matted to my neck and forehead. My blue eyes were watery and red. I'd made a little mess on my brand new blouse, there went sixty bucks down the drain as I tried to wash out the stains, standing there like an idiot in my bra. It wasn't even a real one, just a sexy sheer lace bra so my nice round boobs jiggled half out of it as I scrubbed. My skirt was askew and a mess, but that hardly mattered. I was a train wreck anyway; twenty minutes of puking will do that to a twenty year old girl.

"Hey. Are you okay? You need anything? You want to lie down?" he asked, standing right there when I opened the door, naturally. It was his place, but I'd sort of forgotten that.

"Yeah," I said weakly "I wanna lie down."

Standing up would make me sick again and I let Brandon bring me to his bed. He was a good looking guy and people said we made a cute couple, me being pretty and he being, well, Brandon was pretty too, actually. It was a match made in heaven. I knew he was serious about me, too serious, and I liked him, but I wasn't ever going to love him. I hadn't told him that, of course, but I would eventually, more than likely when I found another guy I liked a little better. Or maybe not even that long as I had someone in mind already. I wasn't a total bitch. I mean that's what people do, and I wasn't lying to him or leading him on. He got full backstage access to my body, so he didn't have anything to complain about anyway.

I'd trade sex for fun any day of the week and twice on Sundays.

"Here we go, wow ... Okay." He went into full-tilt mother mode, showing me how much he cared. Blankets, check. Pillows, check. "Let me get you some water, okay? Do you want some uh, aspirin? Some Tylenol?"

"Do you have crackers?" I asked.

"Maybe, um ... I can go to the store, if you want."

"No, just aspirin, yeah." I smiled at him and the whole caring thing worked nice and cute, but I wished I was in my own bed just then.

After the aspirin and just a little swallow of water, Brandon laid down next to me. It was still early for us, just after eight, and the warm glow from the bedside lamp, and the warm comforter on his bed ... It was nice and I was actually feeling a little better, as long as I didn't move my head around too much.

"Feeling okay?" Brandon asked, his soft brown eyes full of worry.

"Yeah." I nodded. "I'm sorry, Brandon."

"It's okay, Hmmmm ... Do you think it was that Chinese food? Maybe it was bad or something and ... What?" He touched my stomach and I almost laughed.

"It isn't the food," I said, coughing slightly.

"Ummm ... Flu?" He scratched at his unruly black hair, maybe wondering if I had something contagious suddenly.

"Nope." I shook my head and that was a mistake. My tummy lurched and I winced, not wanting to lose it again.

"I don't understand." Brandon wasn't the brightest guy in his class at law school.

"It's morning sickness," I told him and I'd known I was going to have to tell him sooner or later, but I wished I was a little stronger when it happened.

"But..." He blinked at me. "It's night time."

"Brandon." I laughed and closed my eyes as he stroked my shoulder, getting closer and he really did have a one track mind. The boy loved sex almost as much as I did, but he wasn't sick either.

"What do you mean morning sickness?" he asked reasonably and he was playing with my bra strap and I started wondering if he didn't have a thing for sick girls.

"I mean morning sickness." I shrugged in annoyance, not feeling like I wanted to be touched at all. "I'm pregnant."

"What?" He pulled his hand away then and even looked at it for a second.

"I'm pregnant," I repeated and just lay there.

"But ... Heather!" He tried desperately to sort it out. "We always used condoms. You wouldn't do it unless we had protection."

"Yeah." I nodded carefully.

"How come you're pregnant? Did one break? Do they leak or something?" He started talking too fast and it made my tummy spin. "You can't be pregnant. I always wore a rubber! How can we have a baby?"

"Brandon," I said patiently, like he was a child.

"We were so careful. I bought some more today and ... Huh?"

"I didn't say it's yours," I told him as gently as I could.

"What?" He swallowed hard and his brown eyes took on an injured look, his sexy mouth turning into a little frown.

"It's not your baby, I know that," I said. "You don't have to worry."

"What? I love you! I want to marry you! I mean ... Shit! I was gonna ask you, Heather." He looked ready to cry, I thought. "I have a ring on layaway and next month ... What do you mean it isn't mine?"

"You do?" I frowned at hearing that unexpected news.

"Whose baby is it?" he wondered, torn between being really pissed and ... I don't know, something else.

"You don't know him, Brandon," I sighed and just sank back, enjoying that soft warm bed for one more minute before I had to leave.

"But you do." He'd gotten up, not wanting to be next to me, not anymore. He stood up so he could look down and point an accusing finger at me.

"Well, yeah." I smiled despite myself. "Obviously."

"Heather!" he pouted. "How could you do this to me? To us? Do you love that guy? How come you didn't tell me?"

"It was kind of an accident," I said. "I didn't mean to get pregnant."

"But you cheated on me!"

"Brandon, I've had sex with like six other guys since I met you, okay?" I frowned. "We're dating, going out sometimes. We're not going steady or anything, okay? You know that. It's just for fun."

"I haven't been with anyone else," he said, pacing a little racetrack round and round. "I haven't even looked at another girl!"

"Well..." I sighed. "Maybe you should have."

"How can you say that? I didn't want to!" And he fell onto the bed suddenly, or knelt on the floor actually, and leaned over it to take my hands in his. "I love you, Heather. I want to marry you."

"Brandon." I stared at him. "I'm pregnant with someone else's baby, doesn't that tell you something?"

"Like what?" he asked and then shrugged. "I don't care. It's still you. Will you marry me, Heather? Please?"

"You're insane!" I giggled and started moving slowly, trying to get my hands away from him. "I have to go. I'm gonna go home."

"Don't, Heather. Please? I'm not mad, see? I'm not. Don't be mad, okay? Just ... You're sick, lie back down. We'll talk, alright? Please?"

"No. I can't stay." I shook my head, fighting down the bile that rose with my head as I sat up. "I like you a lot, you're sweet and so nice, but I don't love you. I told you that before."

"Do you love him?" Brandon challenged me, still clinging to my fingers. "That other guy? Is that why you let him ... Why you're pregnant?"

"I don't know," I said truthfully. "It's ... Weird, okay? Let me go. I'm going to go home."

"When can I see you again?" he asked and I was slipping away. "Are you breaking up with me?"

"I'll call you, okay?" I tried to smile. "I'm gonna borrow your sweatshirt..." I grabbed his grey 'Property of' sweatshirt off his dresser. "So you know I have to give it back, right?"

"Heather." He remained kneeling on the floor, his body stretched out over the empty bed and looking up at me sadly.

"I'll see you later, Brandon." I left him there and I felt bad, a big load of guilt to go along with the nausea. I could have done that better, but I wasn't in any kind of shape for it.

I knew what his problem was too. He'd invested all his emotions in me, despite my warnings. I'd never promised the man anything and I'd even gone out of my way to make sure he knew I wasn't looking for anything but a good time with him. But he'd put everything into us, into me and him and whatever relationship he'd imagined we had. Now it was time to face it and he was fighting for it, desperate enough to accept someone else's baby growing in my belly. I was doing him a favor and he should have appreciated that, I thought.

Men were just so ... Clingy! Ugh! It was frustrating and it made the short walk back to my dorm only slightly more unpleasant than it otherwise would have been. I had to stop three times to puke in the bushes. But maybe the walking and the puking and just the fresh evening air did me some good because the sickness actually went away finally. It was like that though, although I'd only been going through it a few days. It would come all of a sudden out of nowhere, steal my lunch or dinner away, and then just as fast ... it was gone.

I just wished I could predict it a little better, but like I said, it had only just started so I thought a pattern would emerge eventually. I'd known for certain that I was pregnant almost a week, since I'd missed my period and got a home pregnancy test to confirm it. All it had taken was three times, maybe only the first time, but we'd done it three times bareback in one night and then ... A lot after that. On and off for a month almost, and now I had what I'd always imagined would be a disaster on my hands. I was a college junior and pregnant and unmarried. The one guy who would marry me, Brandon, was a divorce waiting to happen two years down the road. A blind woman could see that, so who needed it?

Chapter Two

"God! You look like shit, Heather," Denise said, my roommate, painting her toes on her bed and watching a House rerun on our little television.

We'd split the cost fifty-fifty, since neither of us had more than twenty dollars in our purses at any one time. That's only because we were always looking for fun though, not because we didn't have any. My parents sent me a pretty decent allowance and Denise was flat out spoiled by hers, but all that meant was that our closets were swollen and we had thirty-six flavors of red lipstick to choose from. It was better being broke anyway, guys liked to spoil us and we didn't feel bad about it if we were strapped for cash. Not that we would have felt bad, but at least we could pretend like we would.

"Thanks," I sighed, closing the door and leaning against it. "At least I'm feeling better than I did before."

"Heh." She shook her curly strawberry hair at me.

Denis was all Irish and we often thought we should switch names. She had a light dusting of freckles over her cheerful cheeks, smiling green eyes, and a petite little body that drove a lot of guys crazy. Seriously, she looked thirteen and I had no idea there were so many pedophiles at college. She was fucking at least two of her professors that I knew of, so that meant she was probably doing four of them, including that dyke English Lit. Prof, Dr. Hauven ... I'd done her as a freshman just to pass her class, but I wasn't a real lesbian. Neither was Denise. We were just opportunists.

"That's good right? If I feel better than shit?" I smiled sarcastically.

"I guess." Denise went back to her toes. "Morning sickness again, huh? Ruined your date?"

"I had to tell him," I said, getting on my bed and crossing my arms over my chest. "Brandon wants to marry me."

"You told him it was his?" Denise looked at me and she actually liked Brandon a lot, not sexually, but she thought he was good for me, like everyone else did. Such a cute couple! She probably thought Brandon and I getting married would be a good thing.

"No, of course not." I shook my head. "I don't want to marry him."

"Oh." Denise nodded and I knew what she was thinking.

"I don't want to marry anybody," I said and then noticed my celphone blinking, sitting on my nightstand where I'd left it. "Hey! How come you didn't tell me I had a call?"

"I forgot," she said with a lazy grin. "You gonna tell your parents?"

"Hmmmm..." I yawned with a little stretch as I reached for my phone.

"Before or after you start showing?"

"What do you think?" I wrinkled my nose and pushed the callback button.

"I think you'll wait until you have the baby and then pretend like you found it on your doorstep."

"That's a good plan..." I giggled. "You just think of ... Stacy? Hey! I just got in."

"Great, there you go..." Denise said to nobody.

"Um, nope. I'm not busy," I said softly, ignoring my roommate. "Yeah, course I'm sure, why? What do you want to do?"

" ... When are you going to tell her?" my roommate wondered.

"Yeah, I can come over." I smiled at Denise and wiggled my eyebrows. "All weekend? Yeah ... Okay ... Of course I can..."

"You should have just told Brandon you're gay," she sighed loudly. "But nobody ever listens to me."

"Yeah, I will ... Yeah, I know ... No ... God!" I was giggling and biting my lip and listening to Stacy while I watched Denise frown. "You are huh? Promise? Uh-huh ... I love you."

"Love?" She gave me a doubtful look and I ignored her some more.

"Stacy..." I breathed, hanging up the phone and looking at it for a long second. There were things I'd wanted to say but couldn't, not with Denise there. Stacy understood that though.

"Going out?" She sat back, straightening her pale legs and looking at her little red toes.

"Yeah, all weekend," I agreed. "Stacy invited me over."

"I bet," she sighed.

"What?" I rolled my eyes as I got off my bed, feeling much better then and I started undressing so I could get a shower and change before I left.

"I don't like her." Denise shrugged. "Doesn't matter anyway, she's your friend."

"You think I'm turning queer?" I laughed. "Don't worry about it."

"I don't care," she said. "Be queer all you want. Everybody's queer; but that girl is just ... Different."

"Yeah, she is." I grinned, pulling Brandon's sweatshirt off and tossing it at her. "You know what they say about straight girls..."

"Yeah, they just haven't met the right woman," she snorted.

"So, maybe I have." I smiled and loosened my bra as she threw the sweatshirt back at me.

"If that's all you want, you could go out with me tonight," Denise offered and I knew she liked me. We'd fucked before, but only when we were a little drunk and it had been okay.

"I thought you were going out with what's-his-name." I dropped my bra on my bed and unzipped my skirt.

"I feel a head-ache coming on." She pressed a hand to her forehead. "Please, Heather? Stay with me. We'll make some popcorn and watch TV and just be pigs all night."

"Oh!" I giggled. "Tempting!"

I pushed my panties down and off, teasing my roommate as my naturally blonde pussy came into view.

"We could give up boys completely!" I grinned at her. "Move to San Francisco and open up a tattoo parlor!"

"Heather..."

"Can you tell I'm pregnant, do you think?" I asked her, turning my body and pushing my flat tummy out a little as I looked down.

"You're pregnant a month." Denise shook her head. "And you're gonna be a mommy, think about that."

"Spoilsport." I wrinkled my nose at her. "Can I borrow your soap?"

"What soap?" she asked suspiciously.

"The one that looks like a cock," I said with a grin. "I wanna get squeaky clean."

"You're so weird, Heather," she sighed. "It's in the bag. There, on my dresser."

"God, I love that thing." I stuck my tongue out at her.

I dug through her toiletries bag, which was like a little straw beach bag until I found her soap-on-a-rope, which looked amazingly like a nice fat cream colored cock, except all the veins and ridges had been smoothed away by constant use.

"Lesbian soap," I decided. "That's what we could do! Make soap!"

"Go away!" she said, ignoring me.

"Jealous!" I giggled and wrapped a towel around me before heading to the community showers.

I didn't know why Denise didn't like Stacy. They'd only met once and then just briefly, and they'd seemed to get along okay. I thought maybe it was just my best friend and roommate feeling a little left out. We had our own boyfriends, but we spent most of our time together anyway. Boys weren't a threat to our friendship either, being just boys like they were and somewhere between dogs and dolphins on the evolutionary ladder. Denise and I were pretty close, and now there was another friend, another girl, and I had been spending a lot of time with Stacy. Now I was going to spend a weekend with her.

I tried to put it out of my mind as I took my shower, washing my body and using that soap the way it was meant to be used. Masturbating with it, obviously, and it really was handmade by lesbian artisans just for that purpose. They swore it was perfectly healthy, so long as you didn't shower with it like three times a day or something. Once in awhile though ... Working that slippery smooth, deftly rounded length of phallus into my pussy felt sooooo good! It felt even better in my ass, believe it or not, and I was just starting to work it in and out, leaning against the tiled wall with my little round butt pushed out nicely, when I was interrupted by a couple of the other girls who shared our dorm.

"Oops!" One of them, Linda, giggled at me and her friend Lisa just pursed her lips.

I might have blushed, but it wasn't the first time I'd gotten caught frigging myself in the shower, so I just pulled the soap back out and gave them a little shrug. I fingered my ass for a little bit anyway, since it was already soapy. Every girl in that dorm was weird in one way or another, trust me. If college had taught me nothing else, it was that everyone has something to be ashamed of and the sooner you get over it, the happier you'll be.

My thing was sex and I didn't mind public sex all that much anyway. I'd masturbated deliberately in front of some of the girls, particularly Amy Welch, that girl was just totally fine! But Amy was straight as an arrow, or so she pretended, and I was convinced. Denise and I would get high sometimes, smoking a little pot in our room and talking about how much we'd like to rape her, but that was just being silly. Still, I could usually get off pretty good imagining Denise holding Amy's squirming body down on my bed while I reamed her tight virgin ass with that soap. I'll admit that my sexual fantasies weren't always what you would call nice, but that's the nature of fantasies and why they're so good.

"Want to borrow my soap?" I grinned at Lisa, a black girl with a big ass. She showed it off too, believe me.

"Uh, no thanks." She made a face under the hot water and I just shrugged. It was fun tweaking some of those girls a little, like she never fingered her ass before? Get real.

Lisa would get her revenge later, when the word got out that I was pregnant and especially when nobody would know who the father was. It wasn't like I was going to tell. So far as Denise was concerned, I told her it was some guy I didn't know, a stranger I'd picked up and let him bang me raw. She was the only one who knew I was pregnant, except Brandon now, and all he knew was that he wasn't the father. That would have to do.

I'd pretty much come to grips with having a baby. Yeah it was scary, and inside I felt pretty nervous about it, but I'd let it happen. It had been about as deliberate as such a thing can be, short of taking fertility drugs or something. Still, I did have to tell my parents soon, before I started showing or they'd really take it badly. It was going to be bad enough when I told them I didn't know who the daddy was. It was going to be a little Armageddon at Heather's house, pictures at eleven! But they'd love me and take care of me and we'd work it out. Parents are like that and if they couldn't handle it, well, they should have thought of that before having a kid, right? I wasn't too worried about them. I just knew it was going to hurt for a little while and I wished it wouldn't.

A baby wasn't the end of the world and I found it kind of exciting to know I had a new life growing inside me. I liked that a lot actually, much more than I'd expected I would. I'd resisted at first and hard, and I suppose a lot of people would call it rape, the first time anyway, but after that I'd been a lot more willing. I'd learned my lesson, so to speak, and even come back looking for more since it had been so good that first time. The fighting, the refusing and being taken, forced to submit and then accepting it with tears and a little anger and a lot of humiliation ... Oh yeah, that had tripped my trigger and I was hooked. I sort of wished I wasn't pregnant, just so we could keep trying, you know?

Probably you don't. Take my word for it, just for now.

"Linda wanted to use your cock ... I mean soap..." I told Denise as I came into the bedroom grinning. She'd started getting ready for her own night out.

"What?" She looked up at me from the bottom drawer of her dresser where she kept her panties for some reason. I kept mine in the top, like most people do, I think.

"Lisa? She wanted to get that big booty ready for her boyfriend," I teased. "I think he's white."

"You let that..." Denise paused, " ... colored girl use my soap in her ass?"

"You almost said it, huh?" I laughed. "You know, white people like you give the rest of us a bad name."

"Fuck you," she said with a wave of her hand. "You got my thong?"

"Which one?" I widened my blue eyes innocently. "The ... colored one?"

"I don't like black people, so what? Where's my thong?" Denise was a racist and she really didn't like having to hide it. I think that's what bothered her the most.

"Look in my drawer." I nodded towards my own dresser. "I borrowed it the other night, remember?"

"Did you wash it?" she asked, getting up and looking at me as I stood naked in front of the mirror and dried my hair.

"Uhhh ... You better smell it first."

"Great." She shook her head. "They name streets after people like you."

"Like what, route sixty-nine?"

"One way." Denise found her thong and held it to her nose. "How come you never wash my underwear?"

"Cause you like it used." I shrugged.

"Oh yeah. I forgot." She rolled her eyes, pulling the thong up until it barely covered her strawberry pussy. That girl was Irish all over.

"I think I wore it the night that black guy fucked me." I pursed my lips. "Remember him? Jamal or ... Hmmm ... Bubba? Was that his name? He was huge anyway."

"Fuck off!" Denise dipped her head in exclamation and I laughed.

"I was thinking about getting a little spade tattoo, a little Q maybe." I played with my damp pubic hair. "Queen of spades right above my pussy, what do you think?"

"I'm getting a little pissed," she warned me and I knew I pushed her a little too hard sometimes.

"I'm sorry, okay? I'm teasing." I gave her a little hug and Denise resisted at first, but finally she let me hold her and give her a kiss, my nipples popping hard against the top of her tits because she's only like five feet nothing and I'm six inches taller. She hasn't got any tits anyway, being the little girl she is, just big puffy pink nipples.

"You're being mean." Denise frowned as I let her go.

"Yeah, it's ... I dunno." I shrugged "I'm pregnant."

"That excuse is gonna get real old," Denise decided and we both went back to getting dressed.

"I only get to use it for nine months, come on!"

"You didn't really fuck a nig ... Black guy, did you?" She glanced at me. "Please tell me you didn't."

"I didn't," I sort of lied. I hadn't fucked one while wearing her thong.

"Good." She smiled then. "You're such a bitch sometimes."

"Me?" I rolled my eyes. "Never mind."

"What?" Denise looked genuinely confused and she really didn't get it at all.

"Nothing," I sighed, promising myself that sometime I'd have to get some black guy to fuck me, and come back and talk Denise into going down on me. That wouldn't be hard and it would really get me off seeing her eat a black guy's sperm and not realizing it. I'd say it was some white guy and she'd never know the difference, but I would.

My phone rang just as I opened the door on my way out. I never carried it with me; I hated phones and I hated people who lived on their phone. Whoever invented mobile telephones was a sadistic troublemaking bastard and I hope he ended up with something really bad, like terminal acne. It really is my one and only pet peeve. My telephone and the fear of becoming enslaved to it like everyone else I knew.

"Answer it for me," I told Denise and she made a face.

"It's Brandon," she said, reading his name on the little screen and it was still ringing.

"I'm not here. Just tell him ... I'm not here," I said and then I left, closing the door behind me as if to prove it.

Chapter Three

I'd dressed sort of sexy, but casual sexy. A pair of old worn jeans that fit my legs and ass tight, they were extremely comfortable and made me look taller than I was, I thought. Some one inch heels, sort of hiding beneath the bell bottoms, but comfortable with big heels, not stilettos or anything silly like that. A tight white t-shirt and no bra, just my firm boobs and hard nipples poking through the cotton. It said 'Dickies!' on the front so, yeah, it was cute. A suede jacket with tassel sleeves and my purse over my shoulder; I was all set for a ten minute walk off campus to Stacy's apartment.

She didn't go to college, Stacy just lived nearby and I wasn't even sure of her age. It could be a little hard to tell with her. I figured about twenty-seven maybe, give or take a year at the most. She'd picked me up in a local club, an under twenty-one club serving soft drinks to college kids who brought their own booze. I'm more into guys than girls, but she got my attention and held it long enough to get me back her to her place and I was ready for it. I'm definitely bisexual and going home with a tall, very attractive, and somewhat mysterious woman wasn't something to frighten me.

Denise had been right, there was something different about Stacy and I'd wanted to figure it out all night. After three years of playing the field at college, different means fresh and that's intoxicating to someone like me. Guys like Brandon were a dime a dozen. Pretty as he was, nice as he could be, I knew five more guys just like him. There was only one Stacy though and that was seriously cool. I just needed to figure out how to tell her I was pregnant. I wasn't frightened of telling her, not at all, just nervous.

She lived at the top of a modern residence, like a brownstone, but with three levels instead of just two, and three apartments. Stacy lived in the top one and it wasn't overly large, and too expensive probably, being in the university district as it was, but it was nice inside. I liked her place a lot and I was going to enjoy having a whole weekend there. I climbed the stairs slowly, feeling my stomach churning a little, but this was excitement, not morning sickness ... I hoped. The last thing I wanted was another round of that. I was sure Stacy would be just as attentive as Brandon had been, but I rather wished she wouldn't have to be. There were other sorts of attention I wanted from her.

"About time, slut," Stacy said as soon as she opened the door.

"Sorry Mistress." I swallowed hard, lowering my eyes as I started undressing immediately. I wasn't allowed to wear clothes in her apartment.

"Lucy, be a dear and bring me slut's collar, would you? It's there, on the bookshelf," she said, turning her head to speak over her shoulder.

I almost lifted my head at that, not expecting anyone else to be there and having no idea who Lucy might be. Luckily, I kept my wits and focused on kicking off my shoes and undoing my jeans, pushing them down my legs and leaning against the wall at the top of the stairs so I could get them off. I pushed my panties down as well, and then pulled my t-shirt over my head, using my movements as an excuse to see another woman standing behind my Mistress. She was tall, like Stacy, and large, not fat, but healthy and big boned you might say, with some real muscles evident beneath her ebony skin. Lucy was very attractive and very black and I almost smiled as I imagined what Denise would have thought of that.

"Chin up, slut," Stacy commanded as she fixed the leather dog collar around my delicate throat.

"Thank you, Mistress," I breathed and risked looking into Stacy's beautiful dark eyes for just a moment.

"She's pretty," the black woman decided and she stepped a little closer. "Wet too."

I gasped as Lucy reached out to finger my pussy, shoving her hand rudely between my thighs and pushing her middle finger inside me quickly. I had grown wet already and my cunt clasped around her digit as she wriggled it for a moment, sending a warm shiver up my spine.

"That's why I named her slut." Stacy laughed lightly. "It only took me about an hour to get her on her knees."

"That long?" Lucy giggled and she had a deep, husky laugh.

I blushed slightly and my knees weakened as the woman fingered me, both of them standing in the open doorway and talking like I wasn't even there. Lucy pulled her finger free of me a few seconds later, her dark skin gleaming with my juices and she held it in front of my face. I opened my mouth quickly, wrapping my lips around it and then my tongue, washing her finger clean as if it were a long thin cock.

"Good girl," Lucy said, rewarding me with a smile.

"Get your clothes, slut. My friend Lucy is up here for a little visit and I promised her a good time this weekend," Stacy said, walking away with Lucy following close behind. She wasn't going to wait for me and I quickly gathered my clothing.

"I might have to stay longer with a sexy white bitch like that for entertainment," Lucy said, obviously meaning me.

"Heh ... You can't tell me you don't have a little stable of your own," Stacy replied. They were sitting down in the living room while I pushed the front door closed behind me.

"A kennel, Stace," the woman said. "I have a few puppies, a couple bitches for breeding, you know."

"Mmmm ... I bet you do." They were having drinks, wine it looked like, and I hurried to the master bedroom. There were two bedrooms in her apartment and I put my clothes away neatly before returning to them.

" ... surprised you haven't bred this bitch yet," Lucy said as she watched me walk into the room, hands behind my back and head down.

"We're trying," Stacy told her friend. "She put up a little fight at first, but that was just for show. Wasn't it slut?"

"Yes Mistress," I agreed eagerly. "Just for show. I love breeding."

Mistress Stacy didn't play a lot of dramatic BDSM games. It was enough that I call her Mistress and keep my submissive posture; that I wear a collar and do whatever she told me to do. We didn't need a lot of crawling around or fancy window dressing to demonstrate the fact that she was my Mistress and I her obedient slave. So it came as a small surprise to see her dressed as she was, looking very much like I might have imagined a real Mistress would.

My Mistress looked beautiful always, but sitting there in a red corset trimmed with black lace, she amazed me. The taut leather thrust her breasts upward, exposing her dark nipples not quite completely, but not hiding them at all either. I especially enjoyed the way it showed of her flat stomach and round hips. She wore a matching red thong, black stockings and leather shoes with two inch heels and open toes. It seemed much more than what she'd normally wear when we were together and I found the effect stunning.

Stacy had a pale complexion in sharp contrast with her black hair, worn long and loose around her striking face. Her high cheeks and strong jaw and chin complimented her dominant personality. My Mistress possessed a certain attitude, or charisma you might say, that made girls like me seriously weak for some reason. And her eyes ... They were a very dark shade of blue, but unless you saw them in bright sunlight, you'd never know. They just looked black as she sat there drinking her wine. Could it be any wonder that I'd fallen in love with the woman? That's what it was and I could deny it when we were apart, but standing before her naked? I was in love and we both knew it.

Mistress Lucy, as I would soon learn to call her, was physically as beautiful as Stacy, but in different ways. I don't mean the obvious like her black skin and warm, honey colored eyes, but in the way she smiled or the tilt of her head when she looked at me. She had a calculated confidence, I thought, as opposed to Stacy's more natural, comfortable dominance. That may have been because I didn't know the woman well enough yet, however, and I wouldn't have dared voice my opinions aloud in any event.

She had full lips, and a short wide nose to go with her oval face and long kinky black hair. I admired her breasts as well, large and impossibly firm, and her body was muscular, as I said. Lucy possessed a well defined look that seemed incredibly sexy to me, especially as she wore just a short black skirt and a black lace bra over her tits. I could see her washboard abs and the strength in her shoulders. Even the muscles in her thighs, flexing beneath her skin as she crossed her long legs, caught my immediate interest. Both of those women were over six feet tall and I felt very small and weak by comparison.

"Maybe I should breed a black baby in her," Stacy mused. They were both staring at me and so I flushed pink with my pussy already dripping juice down my thighs. The unabashed attention made me incredibly hot inside and out.

"Breed a nigger in her belly?" Lucy sipped her wine. "Would she like that?"

"I don't know." Stacy shrugged. "How about it, slut? You want a black baby growing in your soft little tummy?"

"Mistress ... I..." I swallowed hard and cleared my throat.

"That doesn't sound like a yes or a no, " Lucy observed with a chuckle. "Your slut needs a little work."

"She's new," Stacy said. "I've only had her a little more than a month. Answer the question, slut. Do you want a black bastard, or not?"

"Y-Yes Mistress," I whispered, afraid to tell her I was already pregnant with a baby I knew to be white.

"Is she ovulating?" Lucy wondered. "I have a little database back at home; Dani keeps it for me. Remember him?"

"Daniel?" Stacy gave a little gasp. "I thought he was getting married to that Jewish girl."

"He thought he was too!" Lucy said. "Until I got a hold of him a week before the wedding."

"No!" Stacy laughed. "Really?"

"Yeah, I swear." The woman nodded. "I was the stripper at his bachelor party. I had that boy eating candy from my ass in front of his friends."

"You're so full of it!" Stacy shook her head. "Isn't she, slut? Mistress Lucy is full of shit, don't you think?"

I blinked at that, knowing any answer would be the wrong one, but disagreeing with Stacy was unthinkable and the lesser of two evils, I hoped.

"Oh, you play dirty." Lucy grinned, clucking her tongue playfully.

"Yes, Mistress," I whispered. "Mistress Lucy is ... full of shit."

"Did she just say I was full of shit?" She sounded suitably shocked.

"I'm afraid so," Stacy said sadly. "I guess I haven't trained her as well as I thought."

"I think you should do something about that," Lucy said with a theatrical pout. "I've never been so insulted in my life."

"Maybe I could have her clean your asshole. I mean, if she's so sure you're full of shit..." Stacy gestured with her hand.

"Hmmm ... Good idea. I'm afraid I'm not full of shit," Lucy grinned at her friend, "but I never say no to a good rim job."

"Get over here, slut. Down on your knees," Stacy commanded me as Lucy stood up, lifting her skirt and turning around.

The black woman wore a silver thong of her own and she knelt on the sofa, presenting her firm black ass to me as I took my position behind her. She smiled over her shoulder as she pulled her thong to the side, inviting me to rim her asshole while my Mistress watched.

I brought my hands to Lucy's black ass tentatively and when neither of the women stopped me, I grabbed her smooth cheeks in my white fingers, spreading Lucy's ass wide so I could see her dark and tightly puckered anus. It was warm and musky, with small black hairs curling around it. I could smell her ass and it wasn't unpleasant, if anything it made my mouth water to taste her beautiful black body. I kissed it first and then worked my tongue against it the best I knew how, imagining I was eating a pussy and savoring the sweaty acrid flavor of the woman's asshole.

"Oh, this slut has talent," Lucy sighed.

"Shhh ... You'll spoil her," my mistress said. "Slut's barely adequate, remember? Or do you want me spoiling your bitches next time I come down to Florida?"

"Yeah ... Barely ... Mmmm ... That's it, slut, get your tongue inside my nigger ass," Lucy taunted me. "Lick it from the inside out. I know all you white bitches love anus."

I licked around her asshole eagerly and worked to pry my stiff wet tongue inside her rectum, sucking at my own saliva as it gathered on her black skin and swallowing it quickly. I massaged her ass with my hands, squeezing those smooth buttocks and enjoying how every part of this woman was firm and muscular, even her ass it seemed. I moaned softly as the tip of my tongue found purchase and I worked to exploit it, digging at her asshole until I could get a real taste of her, my mouth muscle slipping a fraction deeper as Lucy began to relax.

"All my puppies love ass," Lucy told her friend. "It really is the best way to train them at first."

"Don't I know it," Stacy agreed. "That and a little friendly rape never hurt, did it, slut?"

"Mmmphhh ... No Mistress," I said softly, licking my lips and taking a breath before going back to suck the black woman's ass some more.

"Rape?" Lucy asked.

"That's what slut likes to call it, but she was just playing hard to get. She had a thing about condoms." I could hear Stacy's shrug. "Some sort of fetish for birth control. I had to wean her off of that."

"Ahhh..." Lucy laughed. "Use your fingers, slut. Go ahead, my ass won't bite."

I moaned my agreement and brought a finger to her asshole, pressing inward slowly while I licked around that penetration. Lucy was hot inside and soon wet as well. I worked my spit inside her, finger fucking the woman's ass for a moment and then sucking my finger clean before doing it again. She was opening for me now and I was able to shove my tongue inside her finally, replacing it with two slippery fingers so I could widen her deep puckered hole even further.

"So, she could be pregnant now, huh?" Lucy wondered.

"Maybe," Stacy replied. "I haven't seen her in a week. Did you get your period, slut?"

"Mmmm ... No ... Mistress..." I breathed, swallowing hard and daring to glance at her.

"How late are you?" she wanted to know. "Are you pregnant?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Damn! Already bred," Lucy snorted. "The story of my life."

"And when were you going to tell me about that?" Stacy wondered and I couldn't tell if her annoyance might be feigned or real.

"Mistress, I'm sorry." I closed my eyes and looked down.

"Shut-up and get back to that ass." Stacy waved at me. "And stand up ... Bend over and spread your legs..."

My Mistress stood up, intent on punishing me for not telling her as soon as I found out that I was pregnant. I should have told her several days before, as soon as I'd tested myself, but I hadn't. I'd waited and now she was going to punish me, I hoped. It made my heart beat even faster and I could feel my clit thrumming with excited anticipation. Stacy didn't spank my ass, when I was bad. She fucked it.

"That's it, slut ... Get your face in there. You're already pregnant, so let's have some of your ass too, huh?" Stacy had moved behind me and I knew what she planned on doing and I tried to tell myself to relax.

"Mmmm ... That's it, slut. Don't worry, you don't have to see it," Lucy said, reaching back to grab a fistful of blonde hair and pulling my mouth hard between her cheeks.

Mistress Stacy tugged her thong aside, freeing her thick white shemale cock and I could feel it slapping my ass, heavy and hot and growing larger against my skin. She pushed with her hips, letting her fat cock ride the crevice of my ass, back and forth until it was completely stiff with the woman's arousal. She had a large cock, much bigger than Brandon's, or almost any guy I'd been with, a solid eight or nine inches at least and so thick my fingers would barely go around it.

"Let's get it wet first," Stacy breathed.

She rubbed her cockhead over my sex, splitting my swollen labia with the smooth pink head and looking for the entrance to my already impregnated womb. It was Stacy's baby I carried and she'd taken me hard that first time I'd come to her apartment. I'd expected lesbian sex and wound up on my back, with my legs over her shoulders while she fucked her raw cock into my cunt.

I'd protested and tried to push her off, not expecting her to have a cock at all in the first place, and very much not wanting a baby in the second. I'd cried and begged and finally just taken her inside, trying to refute the pleasure and succeeding only in making it better when I finally surrendered completely. Stacy had made me cum around her thick cock, as if she knew all along that I was just dying for someone to take me that way. Stacy forced me to have unprotected sex and by the end of it I was her willing slave. She'd found the key to unlock my secret desires.

Stacy had fucked me numerous times over the next few weeks, three times that first night alone, and she'd looked me in the eyes as she'd filled my unprotected cunt with her potent sperm. She wanted to breed me, as she called it, and put a baby in my belly. I'd have her bastard and she'd take care of us both when I delivered. I was her slut and I'd be bred often and not only with her, Stacy promised, but with any hard cock she wanted my wanton womb to nurse on.

"Mmmphhh..." I groaned as my Mistress pushed her penis inside my pussy slowly, both of us enjoying the sensation of my tender hole being stretched once more by her shemale cock.

"I think she likes it," Lucy said. She held my face firmly planted to her asshole, pushing and pulling at me, using my hair to move my mouth around as I worked to tongue fuck her black ass.

"I know she does," Stacy agreed. "Fuck, she's tight! Like a virgin, I swear!"

"Some puppies are like that." The black woman nodded. "They're worth their weight in gold."

"Fuck." Mistress laughed. "Slut's worth her weight in shit, but I'll keep her anyway. After she has my bastard, I'll find her big black stud."

"Get her a c-section," Lucy suggested, "Keep that pussy tighter longer."

"Oh yeah, definitely ... Ugh!" Stacy slammed her cock the last few inches, knowing she'd bottom out and kiss my cervix with the head of her big dick.

She also knew I loved that feeling, how it almost hurt, but felt so good that the discomfort didn't matter. It knocked the air out of my lungs for a second and my whole body seemed to spasm and then I was cumming, just that quickly, my cunt shaking and clamping around Stacy's prick like a fist. I moaned against Lucy's sweaty, spit-covered flesh, my face burning and soaked as I fought for air. I could barely keep my balance as I threatened to collapse beneath the sensations that filled my feverish body.

"Orgasmic little whore, isn't she?" Lucy laughed and Stacy grunted in reply, working her cock back and forth quickly to stir up the juices flooding my hot pussy.

"Once she ... Ugh! ... Starts, she doesn't want to ... Ugh! ... Stop, either." Mistress chuckled as she teased me, pulling her cock out of me completely so that I moaned at the sudden emptiness.

"Mind if I try her on for size?" Lucy asked, pushing my head away so that I did in fact lose my balance and fall on my butt.

I looked up to see Mistress Stacy's long thick cock jutting from her feminine body, glistening wet with my cum and her own juices. She'd pulled her thong far over, enough so her smoothly shaved balls hung free, large and heavy in their soft sack. The same balls that had put a baby in my womb and I licked my lips, feeling dizzy and frustrated all at once.

"Be my guest," she told her friend. "Slut won't mind taking some black cock, will you?"

"No ... Mistress!" I gasped, turning my head to see Lucy exposing her own shemale prick, every bit as large as Stacy's and black like the rest of her with a gleaming purplish glans dripping precum.

"Come here, slut ... Get that tight little cunt of yours down on this..." Lucy was sitting on the sofa and crooking a finger at me with a happy smile.

I was bent over again, riding Lucy's black cock while she held my hips, and leaning forward so that Stacy could feed me her own turgid penis, flavored now with my recent orgasm. I sucked on it greedily; my lips stretched thin around the shaft as my Mistress held my head in her hands. Lucy's cock filled me as much as Stacy's ever had and I rocked my hips under her direction, grinding my pussy down hard as her cockhead worked itself against the very bottom of my hungry cunt. I was in heaven like that, cumming again and harder this time as I was filled at both ends.

"You like my big girl cock, don't you, slut? You wanna be one of my fuck puppies? You wanna come home with me, slut?" Lucy asked and all I could do was moan as I tried to swallow all the spit and precum flooding my overstuffed mouth.

"Don't tease her, Lucy." Stacy laughed. "You know she's not for sale yet."

"Well, when you do put her on the block, you call me first," Lucy said. "This white ho needs some serious black breeding!"

"How about a trade?" Stacy suggested, holding my head and fucking my mouth now with slow short strokes. "Slut for Dani, what do you think?"

"Right now?" Lucy asked with unconcealed interest.

"After she drops her bastard," Stacy told her friend.

"Heh ... How about you abort it and I take her for Dani when I go home on Monday," Lucy offered. "I can put that fag's ass on a plane right now. He'll be here in the morning sucking your cock like the world was ending."

"I always liked him," Mistress sighed.

"I got his old girlfriend too," Lucy said. "That Jewish girl? I bred her myself, she had twin sluts."

"No shit?" Stacy laughed. "She's living with you?"

"Hell no, she's living with a pimp I know in Orlando, doing tourist daddies for chump money," Lucy said with a chuckle of her own. "It was a big scandal, that little uptown bitch having nigger babies."

"Get her back, I'll trade slut for the both of them," Stacy said.

"You haven't even ... Ugh! ... seen her," Lucy grunted, lifting her ass off the sofa, pounding my pussy hard now.

"Is she nasty?" Stacy asked.

"She's a nasty fuck, I'll tell you that. She ain't ugly though, she's fine as hell," the black woman promised. "She'll do anything too, believe me. That white cunt is insatiable!"

"So will this one." Mistress pulled her cock out of my mouth and slapped me across the face with it while I panted for air.

"Well, she ain't fine like this slut, yeah," Lucy admitted. "This bitch is gorgeous and that pussy ... Jesus, Stace, she's fucking my dick off!"

I smiled inwardly at that, bouncing my ass hard off the black shemale's muscular thighs with a damp and sweaty slapping sound. I was having multiple orgasms, little ones that were driving me insane and all I could do was hold on tight to Mistress Stacy. I kept my hands on her ass, digging my nails into her skin as she teased my mouth with her swollen cock. She would slide that long hard piece of girly man meat over my cheeks and nose, leaving a trail of slimy spit and precum everywhere it went. I lapped it up too, chasing my mistress with my open mouth and desperate to suck her off and swallow Stacy's creamy load.

The thought that she might be serious about trading me to Mistress Lucy never even entered my mind.

Part 2
Posted: 11/2/2010, 1:26:51 PM
﻿

Chapter Four

Knock ... Knock ... Knock

"Heather? I know you're in there! Heather!" The heavy knocking on the door continued and I heard Brandon's voice as he shouted on the other side of it.

"Who the fuck is that?" Stacy stared at me and I blinked dumbly at the noise, trying to coax my brain into working.

"She's married?" Lucy asked with a snort, pulling my pussy onto her cock and making me gasp as it seemed I'd never get used to the size of her beautiful black prick. The shemale kept her hands firmly around my hips too, just in case I had some foolish idea of getting away or something.

"Heather! I have to talk to you!" Brandon yelled again and I wondered if he'd gone insane. "Open up!"

Stacy didn't bother answering Lucy; she knew I wasn't married. She didn't bother getting dressed either. I'd been sucking her off while Lucy fucked me and my Mistress slapped my flushed face with her long cock before pulling away completely. Mistress Lucy reach for my tits, giving them a squeeze to make me moan. She pulled my back to her own heavy breasts and I spread my pale legs outside her thighs so that I could rub my burning clit while I rocked my stuffed cunt eagerly. Both of us were watching Mistress Stacy as she opened the door.

"Heath ... errrr ... What the fuck?" Brandon's shock filled the room and I couldn't see his face, but I imagined he must have been pretty surprised to see a tall, imposing, and utterly sexy shemale standing in front of him with a hard, dripping cock.

"Get on your knees, boy!" she said and to the best of my knowledge she didn't know Brandon at all, but she sounded like she did.

SLAP!!!

"I said, get on your fuckin' knees, you little fag!" Mistress Stacy had slapped his face. Not too hard probably, she'd never struck me and I knew it wasn't her thing, but it was a good wake-up call for my boyfriend.

"I don't ... W-What?" He'd always been a little slow, I thought.

SLAP!!!

"Down! There's only one reason a pretty boy like you comes knocking on my door," she told all of us, grabbing his shoulders with both hands and pushing him to the floor. "That's it, faggot. Open your mouth, cocksucker!"

"Gummmpphhhh..." Brandon was on his knees and suddenly choking on Mistress Stacy's thick meat as she held his head and pushed with her hips.

"That was fast," Lucy said with a giggle. She pinched my tits hard, twisting my nipples so that I squirmed on her dick, rolling my pussy around her fuckpole like the slut I was.

I felt her tongue in my ear and I turned my head, my mouth seeking Lucy's as she lifted her ass, keeping her cockhead deep and close to my cervix. We were kissing then, my mouth open as the woman rammed her tongue into my mouth, fucking me with it. I groaned and rubbed my clitoris frantically, feeling another orgasm coming to steal my senses as I sucked her tongue hard, sliding my lips back and forth along that soft pink muscle.

"Get you clothes off, sissy," Stacy demanded. "No! Don't you fucking stop, bitch! You can undress while I fuck your face."

"Mmmm..." I shuddered with pleasure as Lucy moved her hands back to my hips, lifting me now as her orgasm was getting closer and she wanted a real fuck.

The black transsexual was so strong, I loved that about her. Lucy had real muscles and yet somehow possessed an incredibly sexy and decidedly feminine presence. She looked like a fitness model, not a body builder and unless you looked closely for her Adam's apple, or got a look at her big cock and generous balls, you'd never know she was anything but a woman. It turned me on, all of that, but especially the way she could dominate me so easily. The way both of those shemales could and now Stacy seemed intent on turning my boyfriend into her faggot slave. That idea was another thrill for my over stimulated imagination and when Lucy let my mouth go, I watched them with rapt fascination.

"Crawl, bitch ... Over there ... Crawl over to your girlfriend and kiss her pussy," Stacy said, practically dragging Brandon by his hair. I could see his face red and wet with spit and precum after only a minute or two of sucking cock for the first time in his life. The boy looked a little confused, to put it mildly.

"H-Heather..." he gasped as he saw me riding Lucy's massive erection, lifting my ass to expose six inches of ebony shaft, and then sliding back down with a jolt of pleasure when her cock touched bottom. She held me tightly, even possessively, I suppose, letting Brandon know that she owned my lily ass.

"Come here, muffin!" Lucy grinned at him. "Suck my balls while I fuck your slutty girlfriend!"

"Hiiiii..." I sighed happily and giggled as I felt lightheaded and silly with pleasure. I rode that fat cock like a whore now that I'd sort of gotten used to the size and shape, although I doubt any woman could truly get comfortable with ten or maybe eleven inches of cock stretching her hole. Brandon watching us only made it better for some reason, maybe because Lucy fucked me bareback, something my boyfriend had never experienced despite his occasional begging. The whole scene struck me as crazy sexy and I liked it a lot.

"You heard her, bitch!" Stacy siad with a soft laugh, pushing Brandon between Mistress Lucy's long black legs.

"Pretty puppy ... Get your mouth where it belongs, white boy," Lucy breathed, rolling her hips to stir all the fuck juices up inside me. Our fuck cream spilled around her black shaft and past my puffy pink labia as they clung to it greedily.

"Do it, Brandon ... Oh God! I'm cumming again!" I moaned, shivering as the ecstasy of seeing my boyfriend naked on his knees and watching me get fucked became too much to handle.

Mistress Stacy didn't give him much of a chance to refuse. She pushed his face between Lucy's thighs, between mine as I straddled her, and I giggled breathlessly as I felt his lips and tongue working at our sloppy union. He was actually doing it, lapping at our sex and kissing our fuck, and it brought me off completely. Stacy pushed his head this way and that, telling him to suck up our fuck juices and swallow the stuff down.

"You're going to be my faggot slave now, bitch," she told him. "You're going to fuck and suck like a pro before I even think about letting you go."

"He's such a ... Ugh! ... pretty boy," Lucy grunted as she fucked me. "I'm jealous!"

"Such a pretty ass!" Mistress Stacy agreed. "No lube either, what a shame!"

"Oh, God! Mistresssss..." I hissed as I felt Brandon's tongue on my swollen clit, shooting fireworks off in my tummy. "Fuck him!"

She didn't need my encouragement and Stacy gave me a grin as she took a position directly behind him, spreading his smooth butt cheeks and bringing her fat shemale fuckpole to his virgin anus. At least I assumed it was virgin, but then again ... He'd gone to his knees pretty fast for a straight boy. As cute as Brandon was, especially those beautiful brown eyes of his, I could see where he might have had some cock before. He'd probably been one of those pretty boys in high school, the kind who get teased and bullied by the bigger kids. I had another orgasm as I imagined my innocent boyfriend getting gang-fucked by a crowd of big sweaty football players in the showers after gym class.

Right then though, Brandon was getting fucked by his new Mistress. Stacy took him patiently, obviously not wanting to hurt him too much, but he must have been seriously tight. Maybe he'd really been a virgin after all, I thought with a desperate moan and then more kisses from Mistress Lucy who was breathing hard and just seconds away from filling my already impregnated womb with her thick semen.

"Ohhh ... Fuck no! N-Nooooo ... Please! Oh God ... Ugh!" Brandon lifted his head, gasping and groaning and trying to pull himself away from Stacy's rock hard prick as it stretched his anus. I could almost imagine the strange, painful sensation of the smooth glans suddenly popping past the ring of his sphincter. I'd been ass fucked before and I loved that part, the way the pressure built up until something had to give and then the sudden surge of two or three or more inches of hot penis sliding home. I knew what my boyfriend was feeling and the look on his face was priceless.

"Brandon ... Oh! Shhhh..." I breathed and giggled and reached for him, grabbing his head and pulling him awkwardly back to the place where Lucy's prick still stretched my greasy pussy lips wide around her.

"Fuck ... I'm cumming!" Mistress Lucy suddenly groaned, lifting her body as if to drive her cock all the way into my tummy and I tugged at Brandon's hair harder than I meant to as I clutched him against us.

Stacy held the boy tightly anyway, pushing him forward as she worked to get all of her swollen cock inside his too small ass, so Brandon wasn't going anywhere. He was taking some real cock now, getting a taste of his new life as Mistress Stacy's faggot bitch. If he wasn't queer already, I had a feeling that he would be before the weekend was over. He'd find out what I already knew - How it felt to surrender to someone completely.

"Give him some," she told us and Lucy didn't protest as I grabbed her cock by the root, lifting myself high so I could pull her still hard and now weakly spurting cock free of my cunt.

The black Domme just leaned back, catching her breath and trying to relax as I held Brandon's hair in my right fist and guided Lucy's glistening penis into my boyfriend's open mouth. Stacy had him grunting and gasping for air with every thrust of her hips and it wasn't all that difficult to push Lucy's cum stained cock past my boyfriend's lips.

"Ummmph!" His eyes were almost pleading with me and he had some small tears maybe, a little love dew in his pretty eyes, but he wanted it. I could tell and he barely resisted me at all as I fed him Mistress Lucy's cummy girl cock.

"Oh, that's sexy," Lucy sighed happily and I nodded.

"Yeah, Brandon. Suck her cock," I urged him. "Take more of it. Can you taste my pussy on her dick, baby?"

"Fuck! This fag's ass is tight ... And hot! Like an oven in there!" Stacy sounded giddy with pleasure and she gave Brandon's butt a slap as he was filled from both ends with thick shemale cock.

"Hot, greased, and ready for the meat!" Lucy agreed, bringing her hands to my tits while I stroked Brandon's flushed cheeks and let him work that dick with his hungry mouth.

"I had no idea he was such a faggot!" I giggled, teasing Brandon. "He asked me to marry him tonight."

"Really?" Lucy pulled my nipples hard, stretching my tits into heavy cones and making me gasp. "Pretty boys are always the romantic ones."

"Hmmm ... A slut like you deserves a cock hungry husband ... Uh-huh! Work that ass, cocksucker!" Stacy thrust her rigid prick hard inside Brandon's hole and he'd taken all of it by then, now she fucked him slowly in and out, letting him get used to the unique sensation of having a hard cock in his faggot cunt.

"Where's your ring?" Lucy asked me.

"Oh, no ... I told him I couldn't marry him." I said, smiling into Brandon's eyes as he looked up at me, his sensual lips stretched wide around the black cock fucking his face.

"What? Why not?" Stacy gave me a little frown. "A slut like you and a bitch like this sissy? It's perfect."

"But Mistress..." I swallowed hard and my heart gave a little stutter. "I thought you and me and ... Ummm..." I looked down feeling suddenly embarrassed.

"You thought I was going to marry you?" she laughed and I burned with the humiliation of my stupidity.

"She's a bit of a romantic too, eh?" Lucy turned my head for a kiss. "You're so precious, slut."

"You're my hole, right?" Mistress Stacy asked me and I nodded. "You belong to me. You're my property now, or did you change your mind about that?"

"I belong to you, Mistress," I agreed, afraid to look up at her.

"You can take off that collar, slut," she told me. "Anytime you want."

"I don't want to, Mistress!" I lifted my head. "I love you!"

"Then love me and stop thinking so much. You fuck and suck, and that's all you do," Stacy said, staring into my eyes and I nodded quickly.

"Yes Mistress."

"She loves you too, don't worry," Lucy whispered in my ear.

"So, you'll marry this fag and I'll keep you both, husband and wife." Stacy slapped Brandon's ass again. "Hear that, bitch? You're getting married!"

"Congratulations!" Lucy laughed, kissing me again and Brandon lifted his mouth from her semi-hard cock, now washed clean of the sperm and girl cum that had covered it moments before.

"I don't understand ... Ow! ... Fuck ... Who are you ... Ugghhhh! ... People anyway?" Brandon had a hard time getting the words out in between gasping for air and being fucked hard with Stacy's fat cock in his ass.

"We're the girls your daddy warned you about!" Lucy told him and I laughed at that.

"This is Mistress Lucy and Mistress Stacy is fucking you, Brandon," I explained, making the late introductions while I rubbed my pussy, feeling the cum that Lucy had put way up inside me starting to trickle out.

"I'm your Mistress now, bitch, and that's your name. Bitch! Understand me?" Stacy slammed her cock into his ass hard, bringing a sharp yelp as Brandon seemed to leap forward, but not very far as Mistress Lucy's dark thighs trapped his face. Her glistening cock stood upright and lazy across his left eye.

"My name is slut," I said, smiling at the confused look on Brandon's face as Lucy let him go. "Mistress Stacy is the father ... Mother? Of my baby."

"Your baby now, bitch," Stacy told him. "You're going to marry slut and take care of her. That's what you want, right?"

"Our baby!" I giggled, staring into my boyfriend's eyes.

"Suck the cum out of your wife's cunt, bitch. That'll be all the sex you'll get from her, I think." Lucy reached around me for Brandon's head while I scooted my butt down a little, riding her thighs with mine.

"B-But ... yeah, I want to ... Ohhhh..." He glanced over his shoulder at Stacy, " ... Marry her, but ... I don't..."

"Shut-up!" Lucy said, pulling his mouth to my cunt so he could dig her sperm out of me with his tongue. "You think too much, faggot."

"He needs a lot of training," Stacy agreed, sawing her prick in and out of his ass easily now.

I suppose bitch was pretty well lubed with Mistress Stacy's precum by then. He seemed to be taking his first ever cock rather easily now, but he'd suffered some real pain at the beginning, I knew, and I felt kind of bad about that. Bitch would learn though, the same way I had and just as fast, probably. I'd fallen in love with Stacy and now I was devoted to her. I'd do anything she wanted me to, even marry Brandon, I didn't care so long as it made her happy. We'd be her slaves for as long as she wanted us and if that meant she would trade us to another Mistress like Lucy, or sell us, or breed me with strangers, it just didn't matter. I had no idea how much of what the two shemales had said was true and how much was just playing around for my benefit, but I was sure I'd find out when the time was right.

"Hmmmm ... Oh, that feels so good, bitch!" I moaned softly, feeling Brandon's tongue working my pussy nicely.

He'd always been pretty good at giving me head, for a guy anyway. Girls were better because they knew exactly what everything felt like, but boys were probably better at sucking cock for that same reason. Still, bitch wasn't bad at it and my well fucked cunt was stretched wide and pink and raw just for him. All that cum Lucy had put up near my cervix slithered from my fuckhole right into bitch's hungry mouth. He swallowed it down too, eating Mistress Lucy's sperm like he'd been born for it. He'd turn out to be a good little sex toy for our shemale mistress, that was obvious.

"Ahhhh ... Fuck ... I'm gonna cum in your ass, bitch!" Mistress Stacy hadn't been fucking him long before she started cumming, ejaculating deep into my boyfriend's ass. It must have felt pretty good for bitch too, because I noticed for the first time the cute erection he sported between his legs.

Bitch had a nice cock, average sized and pretty, but definitely smaller than Mistress Stacy's. He wasn't going to get much use out of it anymore anyway, probably. A bitch didn't need a cock, just a wet sucking mouth and tight hot asshole for any hard cock that wanted to use it. If he came at all, it would only be for Stacy's personal amusement, not his. She wasn't cruel though, not by any stretch of the imagination. She wouldn't beat him, or humiliate bitch in public, or do anything he wouldn't learn to enjoy eventually. Bitch was already liking it and whatever protests he made were just for show, like mine had been in the beginning; a weak attempt to sooth our injured pride and silly egos.

"Turn around, bitch. Clean my cock now," she commanded him after filling bitch's rectum with her creamy ball juice.

"Get down there, slut," Lucy breathed, pushing me away from her and onto the floor. "Make your new husband's asshole feel good. He looks a little sore."

"Yes Mistress." I nodded eagerly and soon found myself kneeling behind bitch with my tongue worming its way into his hot, gaping asshole, sucking at the dirty sperm inside.

"Good girl, slut." Mistress Stacy smiled at me. "Bitch deserves a reward. He took my cock so nicely, didn't you bitch? Such a sweet ass and you fuck so good for a first timer!"

"Mmmphhh..." he made muffled sounds of agreement as he washed his own ass off the softening shemale cock in his mouth.

I worked bitch's ass the best I knew how, spreading his firm, pale cheeks with my hands and licking and kissing his stretched anus. He'd been filled with a monster load of rich salty sperm and it tasted differently, as it had to I suppose, coming fresh out of bitch's asshole like it did. I enjoyed the flavor though, finding it rather pleasant and I know bitch enjoyed my efforts. He moaned around the prick in his mouth and wagged his sexy ass against my face. His cock throbbed between his thighs. I caught a glimpse of it when I lifted my mouth for a drink of cool air every now and again. His precum dripped onto the carpet and I wished our Mistress would let me give him a little suck, just to give bitch some relief. I couldn't ask though and it wasn't my place to suggest such a thing.

"My balls too, faggot," Stacy told him. "Get all that fuck juice cleaned off of me."

"Now I really am jealous," Lucy sighed around a sip of wine, looking happily relaxed as she leaned back on the sofa. The shemale had her long black legs crossed with her flaccid cock lying across the top of one thigh.

"Keep working bitch's asshole, slut," Stacy said, catching me looking over my shoulder at Mistress Lucy and I dipped my head, blushing and quickly going back to fuck bitch's ass with my stiff tongue.

"I need a pet of my own, a souvenir to take home with me on Monday," Lucy pouted playfully.

"Oh, I'm sure we can find something for you," my mistress replied. "The university is full of sluts and bitches."

"Hmmm..." Lucy seemed to consider that.

"That's enough, bitch." Stacy pushed my boyfriend's mouth off her cock. "Give your wife some love now. Give slut some sweet kissy face."

"Kissy face!" Lucy laughed.

"Yes ... Uh, Mistress," he replied slowly, as if trying the words on for size.

"Ohhhh, someone is learning!" Stacy smiled and stroked bitch's cheek. "Good little bitch. Kiss her now. Go on and make it extra sloppy, she likes that."

Chapter Five

Bitch and I were kneeling on the floor and he took me in his arms, smiling and at last finding something he was truly comfortable with as I put my hands on his shoulders. He kissed me softly and then harder as I responded eagerly, not just for him, but for our Mistress as well. His mouth, fresh from cleaning Stacy's cock, met my own, just finished with sucking the cum from his tender asshole. We kissed sloppy and wet like Stacy wanted, our tongue writhing against each other, over and under and around while we moaned with pleasure. I could feel my hard nipples rubbing his hot skin as he held me tightly and bitch's firm cock pressed against my tummy, the moist head and shaft trapped between us, rubbing back and forth as he had no choice but to move. Bitch was desperate to cum and I wasn't going to stop him.

"Maybe slut knows someone who might want a black Mistress?" Lucy said conversationally. "I'm sure a slut like her knows some real cock whores."

"They do flock together, don't they?" Stacy giggled, sitting beside her friend and drinking her own wine while they watched us make out.

"Birds of a feather," Lucy agreed. "I want a little white whore, I think. A female I can breed with my nigger cock."

"Yeah ... Hmmm..." Stacy seemed to think about it. "Who was that girl I met before, slut? Last month, the one that looked like she was twelve?"

"Twelve?" Lucy giggled.

"A redhead." Stacy agreed. "Real small, petite with no tits and a hot little ass, hmmm ... She'd make you good whore."

"Sounds promising," Lucy said. "Who is she, slut?"

I pulled my mouth away from bitch, sucking air into my lungs and licking my bruised lips. I felt sticky now and damp all over, and my heart raced. It had been nice making out like that and bitch was a great kisser, he always had been. I could feel my juices flowing again, spilling out of my cunt to run wetly down my thighs and his cock bobbed up and down with a life all its own. Bitch would have to cum soon and he stayed close enough so he could keep stroking my soft tummy with his erection while I answered.

"Denise ... Mistress..." I breathed. "My roommate at the dorm."

"Denise?" Stacy smiled. "Yeah, that was her name. Do you think she'd like Mistress Lucy?"

"Everyone likes me." Lucy chuckled.

"I don't know." I made a little face, lowering my eyes.

"What is it?" my mistress asked and I had no choice but to answer.

"Denise, uh..." I licked my lips. "She doesn't like, um, black people."

"She's a racist?" Lucy asked and I nodded. "A real one?"

"I..." I shrugged. "I guess so, Mistress. She calls them, uh ... Niggers. Sometimes."

"She does?" Stacy laughed.

"So do I!" Mistress Lucy giggled. "She sounds perfect. I want to meet her."

"You do?" I stared at the woman for a moment before remembering my place and lowering my eyes.

"Oh yeah. A little Klan whore? What's not to love?" Lucy laughed. "The only sheet she'll be wearing is the one from my bed after I fuck her on it."

"I don't know, Mistress ... Denise is kind of..." I swallowed hard and I couldn't imagine my roommate ever wanting to have anything to do with Lucy.

"She's a whore, right?" Stacy asked. "A piece of fuckmeat for anyone who wants her?"

"Uh..." I glanced at bitch and he watched us as we spoke, his eyes darting back and forth. He wasn't going to offer any opinion on this subject.

"Well?" the black shemale prompted me impatiently. "Does she fuck or is she a virgin?"

"She fucks, Mistress," I said quickly. "She fucks a lot."

"Then she'll fuck me too." Lucy decided with a grin.

"Bring her over tomorrow, slut," Mistress Stacy told me. "Invite her for lunch and don't let her refuse, understand me?"

"Yes Mistress." I blinked and spoke slowly. "You won't ... You're not going to ... Rape her or anything, are you?"

"Rape her?" She frowned. "Did I rape you?"

"No, Mistress." I had to admit that she hadn't, the shemale had only convinced me to let her fuck me bareback and even that hadn't been entirely against my own desires at the time. I'd just wanted it to be.

"Did I rape you, bitch?" Stacy asked my boyfriend.

"Ummm..." Bitch looked at me for a second and then dropped his eyes and blushed. "No Mistress ... I liked it."

"I've never raped anyone, see?" Stacy smiled. "Lucy and I, we just show people..."

" ... What they're missing," Lucy finished for her friend with a laugh. "Don't worry, if the whore doesn't want it, then no means no."

"But if she says maybe..." Stacy grinned.

"Then she's fucked!" Lucy said with a chuckle. "I'll give Denise a baby nigger all her own."

"Affirmative action," Stacy sighed. "We all have to do our part."

"Heh!" Lucy rolled her eyes. "I just wanna fuck her. She can be prejudiced all she wants. I like my whores feisty."

"Alright, enough fooling around." Stacy clapped her hands. "You two, get your asses in the kitchen. Rattle those pots and pans ... And no fucking! Don't you cum, bitch!"

"Yes Mistress," Bitch and I nodded and agreed together.

I always did the cooking and the cleaning and whatever else Mistress Stacy wanted me to do when I stayed with her.

"What are we doing?" Bitch asked me as soon as we were in Stacy's smallish kitchen. He was walking pretty gingerly, but my boyfriend didn't seem to be in too much pain from his first ass fuck.

"Making dinner." I smiled at him and opened the refrigerator. "Let's see what we have ... Hmmm..."

"Heather, I'm..." Bitch dropped his voice. "I'm serious. That girl ... Those guys ... They just..."

"Fucked you?" I rolled my eyes and reached for he veggie drawer. "Let's make a salad; she's got all kinds of stuff here!"

"I'm not gay, Heather," he said and I turned around, handing him some lettuce, tomatoes, radishes, some onions and cucumbers...

"Don't play with the cucumbers, bitch." I giggled. "Those are for eating."

"What? Heather, It isn't funny! Don't call me that!" He sounded a bit exasperated. "What's wrong with you?"

"Me?" I grabbed some other stuff, not too sure what all of it was, but it looked green, mostly. "Nothing's wrong with me. What's wrong with you? Don't you like Mistress Stacy?"

"Yeah, I guess, I don't know..." He blinked at me, almost dropping the vegetables he held. "She slapped me."

"Did it hurt? Put all that by the sink, we have to wash it first," I told him. "And look around for a colander or something."

"No, it didn't, but ... She made me ... Heather, she made me suck her dick! His dick, um ... Whatever."

"And so did Mistress Lucy, isn't she awesome?" I grinned at him. "You're so cool, bitch! I do love you. I take back all that stuff I said before."

I put down the vegetables and gave him a hug, going tip-toe so I could kiss him as he dropped a couple onions on the floor.

"Y-You do?" Bitch actually smiled after our sexy kiss and I grabbed his cock, which was still hard as a rock, and I gave it a friendly squeeze. "Oh ... Don't do that!"

"Shhh ... She won't know." I whispered, massaging bitch's cock slowly and looking into his soft brown eyes. "I can't believe she made you her bitch, bitch!"

"I'm not, um..." He swallowed hard, "Am I queer now?"

"I'm afraid so." I nodded seriously and then laughed at the look on his face. "You're a queer sissy cocksucker who takes huge shemale cocks up his pussy ass."

"Heather!" he pouted.

"What?" I let go of his dick because I really wasn't supposed to be touching him like that. "What do you expect me to say? No, you're not a fag? Come on, bitch, she fucked you and you loved it, just admit it."

"It hurt." He frowned. "It hurt a lot."

"I know, baby." I frowned too. "It gets better though, believe me. After awhile it really starts to feel good. Now wash those vegetables for me, okay?"

"Why are you acting like this?" Bitch asked me a couple minutes later, while I tore the lettuce up with my hands. He just couldn't let it go, but I guess it's harder for a boy than for a girls. I mean, we're supposed to get fucked.

I laughed at him. "Cause it's fun. It feels good and the sex is great and I like having someone in charge, you know? Every guy I ever went out with was just like you."

"Like me?" Bitch looked at me.

"Yeah." I shrugged. "Nice and sweet and cute, but you never even tried to fuck me without a rubber."

"I didn't know I was supposed to."

"You never held me down and told me you were going to fuck my ass just because you wanted to."

"You would have killed me."

"You didn't tell me to bring one of my friends over and talk her into a threesome."

"You'd really do that?"

"You never named me slut or called me a whore or anything like that, bitch," I sighed. "A girl needs that stuff sometimes."

"Not any girl I ever met, Heather."

"I'm slut now," I reminded him.

"

"Right." He rolled his eyes. "I still never knew any girl into ... whatever this is."

"Well, I'm into it," I told him, "and so are you, right? You like being called bitch and when Mistress Stacy put you on your knees, how come you didn't stop her, or leave or anything like that?"

"Cause I wanted to see you."

"Yeah!" I grinned at that. "And how did you know where to find me anyway?"

"Uh ... I followed you." Bitch swallowed hard and gave me a sheepish smile.

"Followed me? You were calling me when I left."

"Yeah, but I was waiting downstairs..." he cleared his throat. "Denise told me you were going to see someone and I figured it was the guy, you know, so..."

"So, what?" I giggled. "You were coming to rescue me? To beat up the guy who stole me away or something?"

"Something." Bitch shrugged. "I don't know. I wanted to see him, that's all. I wanted to know why him and not me."

"Poor, bitch." I took a deep breath and leaned close, rubbing my cheek against his bare arm as I'd started crying from chopping the onions.

"So, it turns out the guy is a girl ... or something, and now, I don't know. We're slaves? Is that the deal?" He looked down at me. "This is so weird, Heather. I'm not like this."

"We're slaves," I agreed. "For as long as we want to be anyway. You can leave right now if you want, Mistress Stacy won't make you stay."

"But you won't leave, will you?"

"No, I won't leave." I shook my head. "This is what I always wanted and never even knew it. Don't you feel like that?"

"I don't know," bitch said and he thought he saw something in my face maybe. "I mean it, I just don't know. I liked it, I guess, I mean ... Yeah, okay, I liked it. But I never did that before. I never wanted to, Heather."

"Do you still want to marry me?"

"Well, yeah, but not if you're forced into it." He smiled. "How's that gonna work?"

"It'll work fine and I'm not being forced into anything, but only if you like what we're doing here," I told him seriously. "This is the kind of life I want and I want a husband who's ... Like you!"

"Like me?" He finally smiled.

"Yeah, if I'm Mistress Stacy's slut and you're her bitch, it's perfect. I want to marry you and we can do it together, but if you don't, then..." I shrugged, " ... I guess not."

"That's like so totally not the definition of love and marriage that I grew up with," he said with a laugh. "These people, Mistress Stacy, the other one, they're not normal. We're not normal if we do this."

"What's normal?" I made a face at him. "It's weird, yeah, and I have no idea what's going on, but normal? I can't imagine normal after stuff like this. I don't want to."

"But how will we live? How will we eat and pay the bills, and..." The boy wanted to be practical and that wasn't gonna work.

"I dunno!" I giggled. "Maybe Mistress Stacy will turn us into whores or something. I bet we could make a lot of money working together, bitch."

"That's not funny," he said, biting his bottom lip. "Where does she get her money?"

"Ask her." I shrugged. "If you make her mad, she won't whip you or anything, she'll just fuck you in the ass ... Well, you're a sissy fag though, so maybe she'll do something else to you."

"Something else?" Hiss brown eyes got a little bigger. "I'd just feel better if I knew who she was and what was going on, that's all I'm saying. Sex is ... Sex, but marriage and all that ... Being sex slaves?"

We were both laughing cause it did sound kind of funny.

I wiggled my eyebrows about ten minutes later. "Come here, bitch. We need some secret ingredient for the dressing."

"What? Oh ... God!" he gasped as I went to my knees in front of him, taking his aching cock into my mouth and determined to let my poor boyfriend cum.

He'd been rubbing himself on me, the counters, the refrigerator, prretty much anything that would stand still for more than ten seconds, just because he needed an orgasm desperately. I might get in trouble, but that was okay. I'd washed my asshole good back at the dorm and it was itching for a real fuck. Besides, how much trouble could I get into? Mistress Stacy wanted a tasty dinner, didn't she? You couldn't serve up a salad without some hot, creamy, salty, high protein salad dressing! I wasn't having sex with bitch - We were cooking!

"Heather ... Ummm ... That's ... I'm gonna cum..." I had bitch on his tip-toes, arching his back and shivering, and that hadn't taken long at all.

I sucked his cock easily, taking all of it into my mouth and swallowing around him so the head could slip into my throat. After sucking Mistress Stacy's fat cock, bitch was no problem at all. I worked him with my tongue nicely too, tickling the underside and even pushing my tongue over my bottom lip. I loved licking his balls while his cock stretched my throat. That had to feel good for him too and I was just really starting to get into it when he warned me that he was about to orgasm.

The glass measuring cup I'd found sat right there on the floor next to me and I grabbed it quickly, pulling my mouth free of bitch's cock with a wet, lip-smacking kiss. Just in time too as, it turned out, because he started shooting hard into the cup a second later. I held it just beneath his cock, aiming his pulsing prick while I stroked him with my hand, my fingers sliding wetly back and forth as bitch's cock was well covered with spit and precum by then. He gave us a pretty fair load too, although I'm always surprised that boys shoot less than they seem to when they're actually in your mouth. Ever notice that? Sometimes it seems like a guy is squirting a gallon of spunk down my throat, but in reality it's not much at all. Weird.

At least we'd have some real zesty stuff to mix in with the ranch dressing Mistress Stacy had in her fridge. I cleaned bitch's cock real quickly with my mouth, enjoying the flavor of my boyfriend like I always did, and then went to work pouring the contents of the measuring cup into the bottle.

"There ... One eighth cup secret ingredient. A little more maybe. That's a lot for a boy, I think." I giggled and bitch only stared at me as I closed the top and shook all that stuff up, making my tits bounce up and down for him.

"Is it? You think it'll taste okay?" he asked and I wrinkled my nose at him.

"It'll taste great! I love your sperm. You'd better get your dick hard again though, or Mistress Stacy will know something's up!" I told him seriously and then laughed. "Or not up, I mean!"

"Uh, yeah." He grinned at me and shrugged. "I don't think that'll be a problem."

I followed his eyes and bitch's dick hadn't gone very soft at all, but didn't seem quite as swollen as before. Hopefully Mistress Stacy wouldn't notice until after she tasted our special salad dressing. I didn't want to ruin the surprise!

"Mmmm ... Good salad, slut." Lucy smiled at me and I smiled back, feeling quite happy with myself.

We were all sitting at the table and I think it surprised bitch a little bit; perhaps he imagined Mistress Stacy would make us eat off the floor or something equally silly. The fact was that other than being expected to fuck, suck, cook, and clean at her whim, we were otherwise just a regular part of her household while we were there. We could walk and talk relatively freely, although we had to show respect for her and Mistress Lucy obviously, and do whatever we needed to do. If I needed to use the bathroom, I used it. If I wanted a glass of water, I got one. Slave was probably the wrong word for bitch and I, at least in some respects. I think calling us her devotees would be much closer to the truth of it.

"Thank you, Mistress Lucy," I said with a sidelong look at my boyfriend. "Bitch helped with the dressing."

"I'll bet he did." Mistress Stacy gave me a little look, but she was smiling anyway.

"Mistress, may I ask you something..." my boyfriend started and I knew he had a lot of questions, all the ones I should have had but didn't for one reason or another.

"Hmmm, bitch?" She looked at him, sweeping a lock of fine black hair from her eyes.

"If Heather ... I mean slut," he cleared his throat, "and I get married and we're your, um, slaves ... Are we still going to college and all that? Or..."

"Do you want to go to college?" Mistress Stacy asked him.

"Well, yeah." He shrugged. "I'm going to law school and..."

"So? Keep going. We're here to have fun. It's just an alternative lifestyle, bitch," she said, stabbing at her salad. "A choice, not an obligation."

"Like the world needs more lawyers?" Mistress Lucy grinned.

"More lawyer jokes maybe." I said with a giggle, teasing bitch playfully.

"Thanks." He shook his head at me. "Slut."

"Bitch." I stuck out my tongue and giggled some more. We were gonna have a food fight soon.

"What do you do, Mistress?" Bitch asked Stacy. "I mean, do you work or go to school or something?"

"I'm a dental assistant," she answered and I think bitch and I were both giving her funny looks at that news. "No, really. I work at APD."

"APD?" Lucy looked at her friend.

"Addison Pediatric Dentistry." Mistress Stacy nodded. "I'm really good with kids, so ... I work there."

"A dental assistant?" Bitch smiled. "Wow. Okay, I wouldn't have guessed that."

"I wanted to be a teacher," Lucy told us, "But they're a little funny about transsexuals teaching kindergarten for some reason."

"So what do you do, Mistress?" I asked.

"I'm a case officer for Gulf Health Associates. It's the largest HMO in Florida," she said. "Mostly I just try and figure out if someone's covered by their medical insurance or not."

"Case officer?" Stacy smiled. "That sounds important."

"Yeah, right!" The black shemale grinned. "It pays good, but it sucks. Customers hate me when I deny them coverage, management hates me when I approve a big claim ... I can't win."

"So you're not like ... Pimps or, uh, madams or something?" bitch asked, trying to understand that the two shemale Dommes sitting in front of us were probably pretty normal usually.

"Pimps?" Mistress Stacy laughed and then looked at Lucy. "No, but we do know some people."

"Unsavory people," Mistress Lucy agreed with a nod. "Why? Do you want to be a whore, bitch?"

"Me?" He laughed and even turned a little red. "I want to be a lawyer, is there a difference?"

"Ohhhh ... Check you out!" I giggled and we were all laughing at that.

"A good whore makes as much as a good lawyer," Mistress Stacy said while I refilled her wine glass.

"More," Lucy agreed. "That Jewish girl, Stephanie? I bet she pulls down twelve hundred a night, easy, and she doesn't even have a cock."

"But she has to pay her pimp." Stacy ssaid with a shrug.

"Well, yeah." Lucy nodded. "But that still leaves her with, I dunno, a six or seven hundred anyway. She's an escort, you know, so it's sort of legitimate."

"Legitimate?" I wondered at that.

"Florida has more tourists than any place else in the country. Even more than Vegas," she told us, "and all those daddy's want a piece of ass, believe me. Every other year they're trying to legalize prostitution in one way or another, as it is the escort services make out and nobody pushes them."

"How do you know so much about it?" bitch wondered.

"You mean besides training sex puppies for my pimp friends?" Mistress Lucy laughed and I giggled.

"Yeah, besides that." Bitch smiled.

"I worked it for a couple years," she said. "Hooking paid my way through college and trannies make a lot more than regular bitches, believe me. My dance card was always full."

"That's how we met," Mistress Stacy said.

"You paid for her?" My boyfriend grinned and Stacy laughed at him.

"What? No, don't be silly, bitch! I was working for the same agency," she explained. "The weather was good, the hours were great, and the tips..."

"The tips are the kicker, yeah," Lucy agreed. "Old guys living a fantasy? They've been saving their whole lives just to spoil a chick with a dick."

"You'd look good in a dress." Mistress Stacy pointed her fork at bitch.

"Me?" He blinked at her.

"Oh, hell yeah!" Lucy grinned. "You'd be a fine ass little bitch!"

"I've never wanted to be a girl." He shook his head.

"What's that got to do with it?" Stacy asked with a grin. "You're never going to be a girl either way."

"You never wanted to suck a cock before either, right?" I smiled at him. "You should try it, bitch! That would be so sexy!"

"You have the body for it, just a little work, some diet and exercise ... I know a good doctor, get you on female hormones." Mistress Lucy nodded slowly.

"Get yourself some nice 36D tits," Stacy suggested. "You'd have the boys lined up, bitch."

"He does anyway, I bet." Lucy grinned and I just listemned and laughed, but I couldn't eat anything.

My stomach was on the edge of acting up and I really dreaded another round of morning sickness. It was fun though, seeing bitch blushing and accepting compliments about how hot he'd look as a girl, or a transvestite at least. Stacy and Lucy seemed pretty sure that he'd be seriously sexy all dressed up and if anyone would know, it would be two gorgeous shemales who'd spent most of their lives passing themselves off as women.

"I'm going to take you shopping, bitch," Mistress Stacy promised him. "Sunday. We'll go to the mall and get your wardrobe started, okay?"

"Uh ... Okay, yes Mistress," he replied, but looked a little confused at his sudden agreement. I thought he'd put up more of a fight than that.

"Are you okay, slut?" Lucy asked me, leaning across the table and she could tell I felt a little bad. I'd started sweating and probably looked rather pale about then.

"I get morning sickness sometimes," I said. "It comes and goes."

"Hmmm..." Mistress Stacy frowned at that, reaching to stroke my face. "Why don't you go in the spare bedroom and lie down? Lucy and I can spend the night in the other bedroom."

"With bitch," Lucy said, giving my boyfriend an unmistakable leer.

"Definitely with bitch. We'll start his training," Stacy agreed as she started getting up. "Come on, slut. I'll help you get comfortable."

"I'll be okay," I protested, but she wouldn't take no for an answer, telling me that when I felt better I could join them in the master bedroom.

"Clean up in here, bitch, and then take a shower," Stacy told him. "Make sure you wash everywhere too."

"Don't worry," Mistress Lucy said. "I'll help him."

"Yes Mistress." Bitch licked his lips and then looked at me. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah, I'll be fine," I said. "I just need to lie down, but don't lock the bathroom door, okay? I might need it in a hurry."

"We'll leave it wide open," Lucy promised me. "We don't have anything to hide, do we, bitch?"

"Uh, no Mistress." My boyfriend smiled and his cock pointed straight out as he stood up. Obviously all that talk at the table hadn't turned him off in the least and I was glad of that.

"I love you, bitch." I gave him a kiss on the cheek and even gave his cock a squeeze, rubbing my thumb lightly over the smooth crown.

"I love you too, slut." He smiled and grabbed my ass.

"It makes me want to cry," Mistress Lucy sniffed and Stacy rolled her eyes.

"Let's go lie down now, I'll tell you a bedtime story," she told me.

"Oh, goody!" I grinned and tried not to think about how my stomach felt. "I hope it has a happy ending, Mistress."

"Don't worry, all my fairy tales have happy endings." Mistress Stacy promised, holding my hand as we walked towards the bedroom. "Now once upon a time there were two little slaves, named slut and bitch, and they were very, very bad..."

"They were?" I gasped.

"Uh-huh," she said, looking down at me. "See, slut just couldn't keep her hot little mouth off bitch's cock, even though she knew bitch wasn't supposed to cum!"

"Oh!" I put on my contrite face and Stacy just shook her head and smiled.

Chapter Six

I woke up sometime later and I felt better, even a little hungry actually, and I wanted a shower. I needed to pee as well and I cocked my head as I heard the unmistakable sound of Mistress Stacy's bed moving. She had a large one, king sized, with old springs or something because it definitely squeaked and creaked when people fucked on it. I smiled to myself, sitting up and stretching and wondering what time it might be.

All the doors were wide open, as Mistress Lucy had promised, and most of the apartment was dark, so it must have been late. The only light came from the master bedroom and I peeked my head inside to see bitch on his back, his legs high and bent over Mistress Lucy's black shoulders as she fucked him missionary, pushging her huge cock deep with every stroke into my boyfriend's asshole. She looked beautiful like that, they both did, and bitch looked like a girl beneath Lucy's big strong body. Her skin glistened with sweat and I could see her muscles flexing as she moved, thrusting with her hips so that the tendons in the back of her thighs tightened and her ass clenched hard with the effort.

Mistress Stacy was there as well and she must have been feeding bitch her cock, although I couldn't tell for certain. The wet slurping sounds a sucking mouth makes around a big penis gave me a pretty good clue though. I wondered if they'd been fucking bitch all night and I supposed they probably had. They were training the boy to be a real cock slut now and I felt my little blonde pussy tremble with envy, feeling like I could use some training myself right about then, but that could wait. It was good that I'd gotten sick maybe, giving bitch some undivided attention and I really hoped he would be okay with being a sex toy for Mistress Stacy. I wanted to marry him now, which seemed completely at odds with my opinion previously, but he'd only been plain old Brandon then. Bitch was the boy I wanted to marry, a faggot cumhole sex slave and not a real man at all.

It was surreal and I wished I could understand how there could be this whole other world hiding beneath the normal one, but I didn't have a head for such things. It was enough for me to know that I enjoyed the way Stacy and Lucy were unwilling to let fantasy reside only in the heart and mind. They were living it as much as they could and inviting bitch and I along for the ride. My boyfriend might need answers and assurances, but I was willing to go on faith. We really could do almost anything we wanted to, so long as we were willing to take a chance.

"Feeling better, slut?" a soft voice wondered.

Mistress Stacy found me just as I stepped into the shower and she was naked now, warm and pink and she hadn't cum yet, at least not for awhile. Her shemale cock jutted upward swollen and ruddy with excitement. I bit my bottom lip, keeping my eyes down and staring at her dick as she flexed her muscles and made it move all by itself. I didn't think I'd ever get tired of that contradiction; a beautiful woman with a man's large cock and balls. I loved it.

"Yes Mistress." I nodded. "I was going to take a shower."

"Good. I'll wash your back," she decided. "Punish you for giving bitch that little blowjob in the kitchen."

"I didn't think you knew about that," I admitted, lifting my chin so she could remove my collar. "I'm sorry, Mistress. I just wanted to..."

"Yeah, I know." Stacy giggled lightly. "Excuses are like assholes, slut, and I'm going to fuck yours. Let's get in the shower, hmmm?"

"Yes Mistress," I said, trying to hide my smile.

My mistress washed me first and she wouldn't let me do anything but stand there under the hot spray and that felt unbelievably good. She washed my body and then my hair and then my body again, deciding that my cunt and ass weren't yet clean enough. I didn't mind, I loved feeling her fingers sliding into my holes, rubbing my hard little clit while she stretched my asshole with one, two, and then three fingers, getting me ready for her fat cock.

She kissed me as well, Mistress Stacy's mouth covering mine, her tongue sliding between my lips. I felt so ready to be fucked when the shemale turned me around finally, letting me brace myself against the shower wall with my ass pushed out and my legs spread as wide as possible in that narrow bathtub we stood in.

I gasped and nodded eagerly as the blunt head of her erection pressed insistently against my anus. I'd never been fucked in the ass until Stacy had punished me for the first time, and I always enjoyed it. Sometimes it even felt better than getting fucked in my pussy and if I'd been born a boy I'd have turned seriously queer, just so I could have my asshole reamed by long hard cocks like Stacy's. That was the best thing about being a girl though, for me at least; I had three holes and they were all eager for cock! My Mistress could have her pick anytime she wanted and I wouldn't complain.

"Ohhhmmmm..." I winced slightly and told myself to breathe, to relax and let that monster prick inside my trembling body.

"That's it, slut ... You want it, huh? You love fucking my girly cock with your ass, don't you?" Stacy whispered, holding my hips now and working her rock hard penis back and forth, getting a fraction deeper with each delicious stroke.

"God yeah!" I agreed, looking over my shoulder and nodding. "Fuck my ass, Mistress ... I was bad. Punish me!"

"I know you were, slut." She slapped my butt playfully under the shower, sliding her prick another inch deeper. "You think I don't know what goes on in my own kitchen?"

"Ahhhh ... Mistress..." I moaned, pushing myself back as my rectum stretched around her. It was a small discomfort, like a cramp, a dull burning sensation that would soon go away.

"Yeah! Fuck my cock, slut," Stacy told me. "Work that tight little ass of yours on my dick, you whore."

"Y-Yesss, oh yes ... Uh-huh!" I held myself up with one hand and reached down to rub my cunt with the other. I was going to cum soon, that fat cock in my ass just felt too good. I liked the pain and the fire and the knowledge that this beautiful shemale owned me completely.

"You want to be my whore, slut? You want me to find you a customer to fuck?" She had to be teasing me, I thought, but I couldn't be sure and the idea that she might actually charge a guy money to fuck me sent me over the edge.

"Yesssss..." I hissed between clenched teeth as my knees shook and I rolled my ass against her, feeling that large cock all the way inside me. I was grinding and cumming and rubbing my clit like crazy while my juices spilled out of my cunt only to be washed away.

"Huh, squeeze my dick, slut. Suck my cock with your ass ... Jesus, that feels good," Stacy groaned, fucking me hard through my orgasm as my whole body seemed to collapse around her, clasping at her prick and trying to hold her tight inside my bowels.

It was a great fuck and hardly a punishment at all as Mistress Stacy well knew, but she didn't mind. She got off on it just as much as I did and after maybe five minutes of good hard fucking, she came inside me, holding her girl cock as far inside my asshole as she could get it and loosing her hot load. I'd been cumming non-stop, like riding a runaway freight train, and all I wanted to do was wrap my body around my Mistress and squeeze. I felt tight and hot all over, and just standing there in the shower seemed too much work, but it was all I could do until Stacy finished cumming several moments later. She pulled her cock out of me with a weird and wonderfully greasy sensation that made me giggle.

I got down on my knees, washing her clean with my mouth and then soapy hands before working my fingers into my now well-stretched and rather tender anus. Stacy left the shower, drying herself off while she watched me work her creamy semen free of my ass, squatting in the tub with water falling over me, wriggling my fingers around and pushing with my ass muscles while I smiled up at her. I felt shameless in front of the woman and there was nothing I wouldn't do in her presence. Mistress Stacy seemed to like watching me clean my asshole anyway, so I took my time with it and licked my dirty fingers clean just for her.

Part of me wondered how long it would take before I watched bitch do the same thing. Not very long at all, I figured; he was in it now, just like me.


Part 3
Posted: 11/4/2010, 1:50:35 AM
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Chapter Seven

The following morning I returned to the campus dormitory and found my roommate still asleep. Denise liked to sleep in on weekends and so did I, but my mistress had given me an order and I wanted to obey her. I could have said no and Stacy wouldn't have held it against me, but maybe that's the secret. My shemale mistress had no power except that which I gave her and sometimes I felt as if I'd seduced myself into becoming her eager slave.

At any rate, I had a mission - Talking Denise into coming with me to Stacy's house, just so Mistress Lucy could meet my best friend and try to seduce her. I didn't feel bad about that either, Denise was her own person and could make up her own mind, I'd just be making the introductions. Sorta. I didn't think it would happen anyway, personally. The girl didn't like black people at all for some reason and I had a feeling she wouldn't think too much of transsexuals either, although I didn't know for sure.

I undressed quickly, as I'd already decided the best approach would be a little seduction of my own, plus the fact that I felt horny as hell. Spending the night at Stacy's apartment tended to do that to me, like having all the sex I wanted just made me hungry for more. Sometimes I wondered if I'd turned into a nymphomaniac, but I'd always been like that anyway. Ever since I'd kissed my first boy in sixth grade, all I'd ever wanted was more. So I slipped naked into bed with Denise, moving slowly and carefully, sliding under sheets to feel her body warm and dry and soft. The girl was small with her narrow hips and nice round butt, no tits at all, just those fabulous pink nipples. I bet she didn't weigh more than ninety pounds and I felt like I was molesting a child as I brought my hand to her smooth thigh.

Denise wore a pair of panties and nothing else, only that black thong she'd pulled on the night before, and I wondered if she'd gotten lucky in them. Not that luck had anything to do with it. Denise had the sort of looks that most of us envy and all she had to do was stand still for five minutes before some guy would try and pick her up. I got a lot of looks and my fair share of attention, but Denise was a cock magnet, seriously, and it couldn't have just been her appearance alone. I wondered if some people weren't blessed or something, gifted with an invisible aura that just made them so much more attractive than the rest of us on some hidden level.

Whatever Denise had, it worked on me too, and despite my best friend being twenty and looking twelve, I wanted to fuck her. I wasn't into little girls, but I could get into Denise and we'd done it before, so this wasn't going to shock her too much, just surprise her a bit since I'd never woken her up with a kiss before.

Turning my body head over heels brought my mouth to her ass. Denise lay on her right side, facing away from me. Her smooth cheeks were exposed completely, the girl's pussy and sweetly puckered anus only barely covered by the thin material of her thong. I pressed my body against hers. my tummy and tits caressing her back with my already moist pussy being tickled by her strawberry-blonde bedhead hair. I tugged my roommate's thong aside, extending my tongue even as I buried my face in the warm, pale valley of her ass.

She smelled rich and musky beneath the perfumed scent of the body lotion she liked to use and I breathed her in deeply through my nose. Denise had her knees up in a lazy fetal position and I teased her vulva that way, with my nose, while my tongue flicked across her asshole. Her reddish pubic hair curled away from her thin labia and by the light filtered though the old sheet, I decided she had the prettiest pussy I'd ever seen. I loved her cunt and tilted my head to kiss it lightly from behind as she slowly stirred awake.

Denise moved her legs first, lifting the top one slightly to give her pleasure more room to grow. I seriously doubted she realized exactly what it was she felt and I didn't hesitate as I gained much better access to her cunt. I licked across her sex lightly and then harder, splitting her pink labia with the tip of my tongue and tickling her hidden clitoris. My thighs had been close together, but I lifted my left leg, the top one, and bent my knee as I rubbed my sex against the back of her head. I could feel Denise's soft thick hair teasing my pussy as I pursed my lips and began sucking at her sweet little hole.

"Mmmm ... Whoever you are..." Denise sighed, arching her back with a tiny stretch and pushing her ass and pussy against my mouth, " ... don't stop."

I giggled silently, savoring the flavor of her unwashed pussy. She hadn't had sex the night before, I didn't think, and her pussy was nice and tight and tasting faintly of piss. She used condoms for birth control though, like I used to, so I suppose Denise might have gotten laid, but I doubted it. She seemed too ready and eager for this unexpected treat, as if she'd been dreaming of it. Her clit had stiffened immediately, that nub of pink flesh poking out for me to kiss and suck, pinching it with my lips as I moved to get more of my mouth on her juicing cunt.

"Yeah yeah ... Oh yeah..." Denise sighed happily, spreading her legs even more, but not turning over or anything, not yet. She was content to let me suck her pussy while she moaned like a kitten, her throat making a soft raspy sound, like a purr, and I thought she sounded seriously cute.

I stabbed my tongue past her labia as they became plump and greasy with arousal, wriggling it quickly and fucking her hot little sex. I knew from experience that my friend enjoyed that more than almost anything else, being tickled just beneath her clit where her piss hole spasmed with a sexy contraction of pleasure. A small bit of wetness spilled around the tip of my tongue and I pulled at her pussy with my fingers. I spread her wide and got a glimpse of what I was kissing before shoving my tongue deep to find the real flavor. Her juices were flowing, tart and oily, but delicious all the same. The buttery walls of her vagina surrendered easily to my wet tongue and I only wished I had a longer one.

"Give me some too ... Like this..." Denis breathed and she was moving finally, turning over to her other side so she could face me. We were growing sticky with beads of perspiration breaking out on our skin.

I felt her breath on my pussy as we adjusted ourselves, getting comfortable for a nice long 69 with each other. With my legs spread and my right knee cocked high, my roommate had all the room she needed to kiss my humid pussy. We ate each other out slowly, like we had all the time in the world. I loved sucking her cunt and using my fingers to fuck her while I mouthed her hard little clit. I brought Denise off after a long ten minutes maybe, holding the girl tightly as she rocked her hips and pressed her thighs against my hot cheeks.

Then I had my turn as she gave me a sweet cum of my very own. If it surprised Denise to find a load of fresh semen in my pussy, she didn't say anything. She didn't even slow down as the salty cream flowed out of my vagina with my orgasm. It was Lucy's cum and I'd asked the black shemale to fuck me just before I left Stacy's apartment, knowing I'd finally get to live one of my fantasies. Denise, my racist friend, had no idea she was sucking black sperm out of my cunt and swallowing it down happily. That alone brought me off three times real quickly, those beautiful multiple orgasms pushing Lisa's cum out of my well-fucked hole and into Denise's hungry mouth.

"Shit ... I gotta pee," Denise groaned after about forty-five minutes or maybe an hour of good lesbian sex. We'd gone a little crazy and I didn't know about her, but my tongue ached from the effort.

We were both damp and the sheet had gotten tangled up as it clung to our bodies, binding us together. We'd moved quite a lot at times, when our orgasms were just too good not to. My lips were swollen and my jaw ached from all that licking and sucking, an hour of oral sex is some serious exercise, believe me. It felt good though and I didn't mind, my whole body seemed to thrum with pleasure. I'd swallowed a lot of Denise too because that girl came a lot when she climaxed and she tasted bitter-sweet and fruity, like pickled lemon peels or something. I dunno, I'd sucked down as much as I could and wore the rest of her cum all over my face and neck, and in my hair as we lay there catching our breath.

"Here ... Fuck ... Stupid sheet..." I giggled, sticking out my tongue as we worked to unravel ourselves.

"I thought you were staying at Stacy's house all weekend." Denise said, worming her way free and off the bed. She stretched in the middle of our room as I just collapsed onto pillows and licked my lips.

"Mmmm ... I was, but I had to come back for some clothes." I shrugged. It was just a little white lie.

"Be right back ... I need a shower too," she decided, wiping around her mouth with her fingers and I'd painted her face with my juices, and Lucy's too.

"Yeah. A shower sounds good," I agreed, forcing myself to get up.

I could have stayed in bed forever, but I hadn't forgotten the job at hand either.

"God! So what brought that on anyway?" Denise asked five minutes later, smiling at me while we showered next to each other.

"What? Are you complaining?" I giggled at her.

"No, uh-uh," she said with a roll of her bright green eyes. "You can wake me up like that anytime."

"Sorry about the little mess," I told her, feeling my tummy tighten with excitement as I teased Denise without her knowing it.

"What's that?"

"All the cream filling," I explained with a grin. "I didn't think you'd mind."

"Yeah! Where'd that come from?" Denise wondered. "Were you guys having an orgy or something?"

"Brandon came over," I said, finding that particular truth to be a useful lie and I really didn't make a habit out of lying to my friends, but ... You know, I only did what I had to do.

"That was Brandon?" She laughed. "He's pretty yummy."

"You think so?" I stuck out my tongue.

"I know so!" she said. "Kind of ... Rich."

"You're such a pervert."

"Me? You're the one who put it in my face, remember?"

"What?" I pursed my lips as I soaped my tits. "I remember you turning around, that's what I remember."

"Well, you woke me up anyway, so you're the pervert."

"I'm just queer, remember?" I laughed. "What's your excuse?"

"Do I need one?" She gave me an innocent look, a real killer that she'd probably perfected in seventh grade, and I sighed helplessly.

"Nope." I shook my head and watched Denise trim her pussy with a disposable razor. "You should shave all of it."

"God!" She rolled her eyes. "Have you seen my pussy?"

"Yeah, it's pretty. Shave it smooth, it'll look so cool."

"I'll look like a girl scout."

"More like a brownie," I said with a giggle.

"You shave yours," Denise said, staring at my blonde bush.

"I will, if you do it too," I promised.

"Really?" She looked up at me.

"No, I'm lying," I said sarcastically. "Yeah, what do you think?"

"You do it for me then." She held out the razor. "Then I'll do you."

"Okay," I agreed and her pussy would look sexy as hell without any hair at all. "You got shaving cream?"

"In the bag." Denise jerked her head towards her straw beach bag hanging from one of the unused shower faucets nearby. "Oh. Hey, Amy."

"Hey guys!" a sweet, lilting voice replied.

I turned my head to see Amy Welch walking into the community shower, tall and blonde and looking like, I dunno ... Like she'd just stepped out of a Playboy centerfold, or even better than that maybe. I personally thought the coed belonged in a Victoria's Secret catalogue and I'd told her that once, but I'd been pretty buzzed and she'd only laughed.

"Hi Amy." I smiled at her and felt my nipples pop.

I wasn't a real lesbian, of course, but that girl could have turned me to the darkside anytime she wanted to. I'd have taken the secret oath, drank blood from a virgin, and sworn off cock forever if Amy would've demanded it. Beautiful people owned me and she was the most attractive person I'd ever seen. Denise agreed with my opinion too, so I knew it wasn't just me.

"Hi, uh..."

"Heather," I prompted, not caring that she could never remember my name.

"Heather, sorry." Amy smiled and she had to know what that did to people.

She wore a towel, a pink one as it just had to be for a total femme like her, and I tried not to stare as she took it off, but I felt like a sixteen year old boy peeking through a window. Denise caught my eyes, mouthing a silent "Oh shit!" because she felt it too. Amy's flawless tits were right there, neither big nor small, but just right, baby bear. Her light brown nipples weren't even hard and they begged for a kiss, just like her inny belly button and deftly rounded hips. She gave us her pussy, just a glimpse of heaven, and then turned around so I could memorize her perfect ass. It sounds ridiculous, almost ludicrous to describe anyone in such way, but I'm not exaggerating. Amy wasn't human. People didn't look like that in real life, but she did.

I tore my eyes away with superhuman effort.

"Here we go..." I cleared my throat and focused on my best friend's pussy, reminding myself that Denise wasn't far from perfect herself and much more attainable. Maybe that's the difference, like perfection exists only in what we can't have; once we get it, well ... What's left?

"You better pay attention to what you're doing down there," Denise warned me with a giggle.

"Bad time for Amy to show up, huh?" I replied softly as I got on my knees in front of my friend. "The barber shop is now open. Do you need a little trim, Amy?"

"What?" She looked over her shoulder, blinking her big blue eyes at me as I started rubbing shaving cream on Denise's pubic mound.

"I'm giving away free haircuts." I grinned at the girl. "You want one?"

"Um, no. That's okay." Amy smiled like she didn't believe me and turned back around.

"Too bad," Denise sighed and I had to agree with that.

"We should fuck her," I whispered. "Right here."

"What?" Denise laughed and I frowned.

"Stop moving!" I pinched her thigh.

"Then be serious."

"I am," I said, stroking Denise's soft swell with the razor slowly. "We could do it right now, me and you."

"Yeah, oh ... Good idea. I always wondered what the inside of jail looked like."

"You sit on her face, I'll take care of her pussy." I wiggled my eyebrows. "Then we'll switch after awhile."

"You wish," she said, teasing me with her tongue. "Careful!"

"I am being careful, stop laughing," I chided my friend.

"She's watching us," Denise whispered.

"Really?"

"She's pretending not to."

"She's curious." I giggled and sang loudly enough for Amy to hear. "Bi-bi-curious ... Bye-bye vir-gin-i-ty..."

"Probably not," Denise decided. "She just wondering why a couple dykes like us are living in her dorm."

"Who are you calling a dyke?" I asked, pinching her clit hard.

"Ow! Hey!"

"Spread your legs a little more. I'm almost done."

"I'll give you a dollar if you just ask her," Denise said.

"Ask her what?"

"Ask Amy if you can suck her pussy."

"Right! So she can crush my ego like an eggshell?" I laughed. "Amy can't even remember my name."

"I'll ask her for you." Denise looked down at her pussy, pulling at her skin with her fingers. "Finished?"

"Yeah." I nodded, "Rinse it off. How come you're so frisky today?"

"I dunno." She turned towards the hot spray, washing the remains of the shaving cream off her pussy and thighs. "Maybe waking up with a tongue all over me has something to do with it."

"Probably all that creampie you ate," I said. "Did it really taste good?"

"Yeah, it was delicious," she replied with a grin and the girl didn't even blush; Denise was so much like me. "You ready?"

"Yeah." I agreed. "I've never shaved it all off before. Let me see yours."

"I look like a little girl," Denise said as she turned around and that wasn't a lie. Her pussy was soft and pink and hairless now. It looked totally sexy like that too and I leaned forward to kiss it, not caring that Amy was there and probably watching us.

"Nice. Perfect," I breathed, enjoying the feel of her smooth skin against my lips.

"Hey, Amy ... Heather wants to know if she can suck your pussy for you," Denise said and I frowned at that, looking up to see my friend smiling and then over my shoulder to see Amy standing still as a statue as she stared at me.

"You're crazy," Amy decided after a few long seconds of silence, jerking to life and obviously determined to finish her shower as quickly as she could.

I made a face at my friend. "That wasn't very cool, Denise."

"Yeah it was," she said. "She'll be thinking about it now, you'll see."

"I don't know," I sighed, standing up and feeling annoyed more than angry. I wasn't totally embarrassed, but I did want Amy to like me. Well, I really wished she'd love me, but I'd settle for like if I had to.

"A girl like that just needs to get it into her head. Like a forbidden fruit deal," Denise explained as she took the razor out of my hand. "You'll thank me later when she asks you to do it."

"You're high." I laughed, pushing my frustration away. I didn't want to feel anything but good as I took my place under the shower and Denise went to her knees in front of me.

"Trust me," she said. "I fucked half the cheerleaders in high school like that."

"You liar!" I giggled.

"I swear! I tried being all subtle or whatever and then one day..." Denise grinned at me. "I asked one if I could suck her pussy. Like the hottest girl in school too."

"What did she say?"

"She said no," my friend admitted with a shrug. "But like a week later? She asked me if I really wanted to do it."

"Oh yeah?" I thought about that for a second. "It worked?"

"Like a charm." Denise nodded and started working that greenish shaving cream into white foam. "See, you never tried to pick up a girl, Heather. You always let some dyke hit on you first."

"So?"

"So, if you wanna be queer you gotta learn to be queer," she said. "Hold still now, I never did this before."

"Watch out for my clit!" I said, looking up as Amy wrapped that pink towel around her perfect body, giving us a brief look and little else.

"I am, I am ... Jesus. Hold still, I said," Denise told me. "If I cut something off, it's your fault."

"That's not funny."

"I'm not laughing. God! You got like a jungle down here!"

"You weren't complaining in bed!"

"Well, I wasn't trying to shave it either. You oughta trim it once in awhile. This razor's kind of dull."

"Hey, come with me to Stacy's after this. You want to?" I asked her.

"Stacy's?" Denise wrinkled her nose. "She's a total bull."

"A bull?"

"A bull dyke. You know, like always on top? She probably never goes down on you, huh?" Denise snorted. "Like Hauven."

"Nah, she's nothing like Professor Hauven, believe me!" I laughed.

"That woman is ill," she decided, shaving me carefully while I watched her closely and kind of held my breath.

"Yeah, she fucked me before," I reminded her.

"With her strap-on?" Denise grinned, but didn't take her eyes off my cunt.

"That big red one?" I asked with a nod. "She gave me a 3.2 in her class though, and I didn't even turn anything in."

"Ha! That sucks." Denise giggled. "She gave me a 3.6 and I never went to class after the first week."

"Well, she looks like a pedophile anyway." I shrugged, but I wouldn't have a clue what one of those looked like probably. The woman just freaked me out sometimes.

"I shoulda shaved for her," she said. "I probably coulda made the dean's list."

"You're fucking her now, right?" I asked, because I thought she was.

"Once in awhile." Denise nodded. "But she's got some freshman, some Jap cunt who eats her ass with chopsticks or something."

"Hard to compete with that, huh?" I laughed. "Poor baby."

"Ah, fuck you. I have to get a decent GPA or my parents will cut my allowance," she said. "They think I'm still a little girl or something."

"You are a little girl," I teased her. "Face it, you're never gonna grow up."

"My dad asked me what I want for graduation next year, like a new car or whatever..."

"What did you say?"

"A boob job!" Denise laughed and she'd just about finished with my pussy. "I'm gonna get Swiss tits, baby."

"Swiss tits?" I stuck my tongue out. "Go to California ... Or Florida, lots of plastic surgeons down there. They have their own TV shows and everything."

"Cosmo said the best place is some clinic in Switzerland," Denise said. "They do like royalty and all those rich euro bitches."

"Oh, well, Cosmo ... You know they're on it." I rolled my eyes. I didn't need a boob job, thank God, my 34C's were about perfect so far as I was concerned, and most other people as well.

"Yeah." She sat back with a smile, ignoring my sarcasm. "There, wash it off and let's see it."

I looked down at my freshly shaved pussy amazed at how different it looked without any pubic hair. It was cute, with my labia hanging out, all dark and thick. I have kind of big pussy lips anyway, not like Denise. Her lips are tiny, but her whole pussy is like half the size of mine and I tried to imagine Mistress Lucy's huge black cock stuffing my roommate's tight pink sex. I definitely wanted a front row seat for that!

"It looks good, huh?" I finally decided and Denise nodded.

"Yeah, here ... Kiss for good luck!" She giggled and leaned forward to kiss my swollen clit. Being shaved had kind of turned me on.

"So how about it, you want to come with me? Please?" I asked Denise once we were back in our room. "It'll be fun, I promise."

"I dunno," she said airily, scrubbing her hair with a towel and tossing it around. I loved her hair, kind of halfway between blonde and red and sort of curly without being frizzy the way a lot of redheads are.

"Come on. What else do you have to do today?" I asked. "Brandon's there anyway, and another woman, Lucy."

"A little party huh?" Denise smiled. "Would you get really pissed if I fucked Brandon? He's hot."

"No, I wouldn't care," I said. "But you have to come with me if you're gonna do that."

"Hmmm ... Yeah, I guess," she agreed, "Just so that Stacy chick doesn't weird out on me."

"Weird out?" I laughed. "Define that for me."

"I dunno, like ... Weird out, try and piss on me or something. I hate that weird bull dyke stuff."

"I don't think she's gonna piss on you, Denise," I told her seriously. "She did tell me she likes you though. She said you're cute."

"I bet!" She snorted and it wasn't like that would impress her. Everyone thought Denise looked cute.

"It'll be fun," I promised and I really, really hoped I wasn't lying.

I almost thought of telling Denise that Lucy was black, but that would have changed my friend's mind instantly. That sounds dumb, but it's true. Denise just didn't want to have anything to do with black people. She wouldn't even shower the same time Lisa or one of the other black girls was in there. She didn't like Orientals or Hispanics all that much either and none of that made sense to me, but I hoped she'd change her mind later. Otherwise, Denise would probably be a little pissed at me for a few days.
Chapter Eight

"Um, I have to take off my clothes," I said in answer to my friend's questioning look. We were at the top of the stairs, standing outside Stacy's apartment, and I felt a little nervous maybe, but excited as well.

"Why?" Denise smiled with some confusion as I'd already taken off my skirt and started unbuttoning my blouse.

"Cause I'm not allowed to wear clothes in her apartment." I shrugged. "And my name is slut, once we get in, okay?"

"Slut?" She blinked at me.

"Yeah, and um, Brandon ... We kinda call him bitch now."

"Bitch?" Denise laughed and shook her head. "What's going on, Heather?"

"You'll see. It's all just for fun," I said. "But, um, Stacy is like my Mistress when I come here, okay? Brandon's her slave too, so..."

"Mistress? Slaves?" she asked with a frown. "She's gonna get all weird and tie us up and all that? I don't want to be like ... whipped or something."

"No, nothing like that!" I rolled my eyes as I pulled my panties down. "It's gonna be fun. There's no pain or anything, just sex mostly, okay?"

"We'll see, but this is already weird," she sniffed. "Do I have to take my clothes off too?"

"Um ... I don't know. If you want to, I guess." I giggled. "Or you can leave them on; Stacy isn't going to mind one way or the other."

"I'll leave my clothes on then," Denise decided. "I'm not getting naked before I walk into a stranger's house."

"Good idea," I agreed. "Always a wise policy."

"Yeah, I think so," she said with a laugh. "This is really weird."

"It gets weirder," I said, I knocking on the door, although I probably could have just opened it if I wanted to.

"You said it wouldn't!" Denise frowned, but then the door opened.

"Hi slut," bitch said, standing there naked except for my collar around his neck and some old panties I'd left behind a few weeks or a month before. He looked hot and sweaty and pink all over, with his hard cock straining against the thin lace that barely concealed it.

"Hi bitch," I replied, leaning forward to give him a kiss and it was nice, especially since Denise's eyes were bugging out as she took in Brandon's new look.

"Brandon?" she gasped and he'd been made up prettily, although his crimson lipstick had obviously been put to the test recently.

"Oh! Denise." He blushed and lowered his eyes. "I didn't see you, um ... Just call me bitch, okay?"

"Bitch, yeah, I got that already," she said in a dry voice. "Why are you dressed like that? And ... makeup?"

"Let's go inside," I said, since we were still standing in the open doorway. "Where's Mistress Stacy?"

"In the kitchen with Mistress Lucy," bitch said. "I made some soup."

"Looks like they were making you." I giggled and my boyfriend blushed some more.

"Yeah, a little I guess," he admitted. "You were gone a long time, slut. They got bored."

"What were you doing?" Denise wondered.

"Well, they were teaching me how to put on makeup first," he answered slowly, even shyly, it seemed to me. "And then they said I looked so pretty they had to, uh ... fuck me, so..."

"So they did, huh?" I grinned at him. "Both of them?"

"Yeah." He nodded and rubbed his butt. "It hurt a little less this time, I think. They used butter."

"See? I told you it would feel good eventually," I reminded him.

"Well, it didn't feel good exactly," he said. "But it didn't feel that bad. I've just gotta give my butt a couple days off, I think."

"What?" Denise stared at him, finally catching on. "They fucked your ass? What, with strap-ons or something?"

"Or something!" Bitch giggled like the sissy he was fast becoming.

"What does that mean?" she asked me and I shrugged, not really knowing what I was supposed to do with her past this point. I'd brought Denise, now it would be up to the shemale Dommes to convince the girl to be Lucy's little whore for the weekend.

"Hi!" Mistress Stacy walked into the living room. "Denise, right? Nice to see you again."

"Uh..." My friend really went into shock then, her green eyes large as saucers and her mouth falling open, it was pretty funny actually.

If Mistress Stacy had been wearing out bitch's faggot hole in the kitchen, she didn't look like it. She was perfectly made up with her hair brushed so it fell around her face in long black waves. She'd dressed like the dentist's assistant she was, sort of, if the dentist in question kept his office in the fetish section of your local adult video arcade. Beneath the nurse's outfit that barely covered her body, Stacy wore white stockings with a real garter belt peeking from under the skirt, and some white fuck-me pumps on her feet.

And that white nurse's uniform? She must have bought that as a joke, because it didn't come close to fitting her. The top had a zipper that Stacy hadn't bothered with, so it was pulled open around breasts firmly encased in a sheer white bra that hid neither of her dark swollen nipples. The skin-tight skirt was so short that her long cock and heavy balls were hanging beneath the hemline and her ass had to be hanging halfway out the back. The ruddy shaft of her semi-hard prick glistened, looking positively delicious to me, and I felt my pussy growing moist with desire as I stared at my Mistress.

"Don't be shy." Stacy grinned and struck a bit of a pose, knowing exactly how sexy she looked. "Didn't slut tell you I had a little something ... extra?"

"N-No!" She shook her head. "You're a ... man!"

"Not really." Stacy chuckled softly. "I just have a really big clit ... Do you want to touch it, Denise?"

"I don't ... Uh..." The girl looked at me and I just smiled back at her, this was Stacy's game now and bitch and I were mere spectators for the moment.

"Come on. You love cock, don't you?" Stacy asked her gently. "And slut tells me you love girls too, so ... Come here. Let's see how hard you can make me."

"This is really..." Denise swallowed hard.

"Weird?" I laughed at her. "Go on, Mistress Stacy's cock is so nice. Kiss it for her, give it a lick..."

"Yeah, right down here, come on, Denise ... You knew you were going to have sex today, didn't you?" Stacy pointed at the carpet in front of her. "Right down here. Look, you're making me hard already. You're so cute, so pretty, Denise."

Stacy's voice sounded almost hypnotic, I thought, and she looked so beautiful standing there. Her cock stiffened slowly, but surely, pulling itself up so that it arched out from her body. Six inches already and it wasn't even close to being fully erect. Denise had to want it; she loved cock as much as I did and the girl was even more of a slut than me. Maybe. She certainly had a genuine affection for sex, I knew that, and my friend wasn't especially picky about who it was with, so long as the other person was white.

"God, that's a big cock." She licked her lips and giggled nervously. "I thought there was something different about you."

"Now you know what it is," Stacy agreed, still smiling at the girl. "You're not disappointed, I hope?"

"Uh, noooo..." Denise laughed. "Not that, I just never ... I thought you guys were all fags or something?"

"Not me," Stacy shook her head. "I like everyone, especially pretty little girls like you."

I thought the girl almost blushed at that, Mistress Stacy's voice was so sexy. As it was, Denise looked down at herself, at her baby blue sweater which showed off perfectly her smallish breasts. She'd worn a short skirt, gold and pleated and part of her old high school cheerleading outfit. Cute lace ankle socks and pink Skechers on her feet completed the outfit. Denise, the college junior, looked like a thirteen year old girl standing there and she knew it. She dressed like that on purpose, believe me, and now she had Stacy's undivided attention.

"Oh God ... You should have told me, Heather..." she breathed, getting on her knees right where Stacy wanted her and coming face to face with that big shemale prick as it continued to swell.

"Call her slut, she likes that," Stacy said as she reached out to stroke Denise's strawberry hair, coaxing the younger woman to come closer, to give that girl cock a little kiss right on the smooth pink head.

"Slut, yeah..." She licked her lips, wrapping a delicate hand gingerly around Stacy's penis and her fingers wouldn't reach all the way around it. That made her giggle and she looked up at Stacy. "What are you going to call me then?"

"I might just call you Princess." Stacy suggested with a sigh. "Or, no ... Precious maybe. God, you're so sexy like that. How old are you, Precious?"

"How old do you want me to be, Stacy?" Denise replied in a little girl's voice, sexy and innocent and so inviting, and I'd heard it before many times when the girl wanted to tease someone.

She had both hands on that prick, stroking it slowly while bitch and I watched. He'd been standing close, stroking my flesh and pressing his panty trapped cock against my ass. My boyfriend's eyes were fixed on Stacy, however, just like mine. Her cock had grown almost completely hard by then, swollen to it's full length and as thick as Denise's wrist.

I fingered my cunt slowly, barely remembering to breathe as bitch kissed my shoulder and let his hands slide upward across my tummy to my tits. He'd been recently fucked, tag teamed by two hot shemales, but that hadn't diminished his desire for me at all. I liked that and I wondered if we could get away with fooling around while Stacy preoccupied herself with Denise ... I mean, Precious. We weren't supposed to without permission, and bitch wasn't even allowed to touch himself. That must have been very frustrating as the scene before us was incredibly hot.

"Mmmm ... My little girl, huh? Give my cock a kiss, Precious," Stacy whispered. "Show me how much you love your new Mistress."

"Mistress?" Precious giggled. "Is that what you are now?"

"Only if you want me to be." Stacy said, staring into what I knew were the most beautiful green eyes in the world just then.

"I'll think about it," the girl teased before dropping her head to kiss Stacy's penis.

Precious ran her pursed lips around the glans and then along the shaft, moaning softly and finally using her tongue to explore every inch of the wonderfully large cock she held in her dainty hands. Mistress Stacy seemed larger somehow, probably since Precious was so petite, and that just made it even better for us. I pressed my back against bitch's smooth chest, smiling at the sensation of his humid breath tickling my ear. The tent in his panties caressed my ass and finally pushed between my butt cheeks as he hunched his hips. I squirmed and sighed and fingered my cunt hard, jamming two fingers inside my wanton sex and turning my head to find my boyfriend's moist red lips, giggling as I tasted the perfumed wax of his lipstick.

"There you go, little girl ... Suck it now, open up for me..." Stacy moaned softly and Precious had to stretch her mouth wide just to get the mushroom head between her lips. She moaned around it, swabbing the tip with her greedy tongue and giving the shemale her lustrous green eyes.

I stared at my roommate's ass wiggling in her pleated skirt as Precious worked that big dick inside her mouth. She was a noisy cocksucker, I realized with a giggle, making sloppy slobbering sounds as she smacked her lips, sighed and moaned, and otherwise filled the apartment with the sexy sounds of a girl in lust with an oversized penis. It was a serious turn-on for me, as if just watching her wasn't enough, and I bent my knees, pushing my cunt down to meet my fingers as bitch tried to force his cock into my ass, panties and all.

"You two..." Mistress Stacy smiled at us, as if just then remembering we were there. "Get over here ... slut, I want you sucking my asshole, and bitch, you get her pussy ready for my cock. I think Precious is going to be a nice, tight fit."

"Oh yes, Mistress!" I agreed breathlessly, moving quickly to get behind her and spread the shemale's firm round ass with my fingers so I could kiss and lick her asshole.

My boyfriend moved quickly as well, getting on his back beneath Precious and pushing her skirt up. He pulled the girl's panties down as she knelt there, stretching them hopelessly out of shape as he pushed his head between her thighs. She straddled bitch's face like that, although Precious concentrated more on Stacy's dick than the boy's efforts to suck her pussy nice and get it wet and juicy and hot for some fat shemale girl cock. It wasn't too long before I could hear her muffled moans increasing in tempo as bitch found her freshly shaved cunt with his mouth and tongue.

Of course, I was a busy little beaver myself just then, rimming Mistress Stacy hard with my tongue and trying to work the tip inside her anus while she fed cock to my best friend. All we needed now was for Mistress Lucy to show up and either fuck my pussy hard, or possibly give bitch another good ass reaming. She seemed to be biding her time though, giving Precious a chance to get all hot and bothered and desperate for a good hard fuck before Lucy presented my racist friend with her huge fuckpole. Precious would have to be seriously hot if she wasn't going to lose interest in everyone and everything as soon as that happened. My racist roommate could be a little hardheaded sometimes.

Mistress Stacy tasted of soap as much as anything else and I realized she must have come out of the shower recently, which was too bad because I always enjoyed the distinctive taste and smell of her unwashed ass. Stacy loved getting rimmed, probably as much as she liked having her cock sucked, and getting both of those at once must have been special. She certainly enjoyed Precious, keeping her hands in the girl's strawberry hair, stroking her face and encouraging my friend to keep mouthing a cock that was just a bit too big for the girl. She could get half of it, maybe, but not much more than that would fit into her mouth no matter how hard Precious tried, and she did try hard, I had to give her that.

I don't know how long we were in that daisy chain of oral sex, but it seemed all too short when Stacy pulled her cock free of Precious' mouth, rubbing the slick wet head over the girl's face and lips, teasing her with it the way she so often did with me. I sat back on my heels, catching my breath and watching around Stacy's hips while bitch continued to work his tongue over, around, and inside my friend's pretty pussy.

"Do you want me to fuck you, Precious?" Stacy asked, sliding her cock over the redhead's freckled cheeks.

"God ... Yeah ... Put that cock inside me!" She nodded, chasing the transsexual's erection with her open mouth.

"Are you sure? Does bitch have you all warmed up yet?" Stacy giggled softly.

"Fuck ... Please, let's fuck, okay?" Precious breathed, stroking the shemale's thighs with her hands. "I wanna feel that big dick inside me."

"You like big cock, huh?" Stacy wasn't moving. "Are you a little size queen, Precious?"

"I like big, yeah," she agreed. "The bigger the better, fuck yeah."

"Mistress Lucy has an even bigger cock than Mistress Stacy," I offered with a grin, wondering if I was speaking too soon or not, but it was too late then.

"Bigger?" Precious tilted her head and smiled back at me and then looked down, lifting the front of her skirt so she could see bitch between her thighs. "Ohhh ... God! Stop sucking my clit already ... It hurts! Ah fuck!"

She was cumming, right then and just that fast, which was amazingly cool. Bitch had been sucking her clit hard and the sensation had finally become too much had finally set her off, but like me sometimes, it just felt a little too good. It was time for bitch to lick her someplace else for awhile. Clits are like that though, there's a real fine line between pleasure and over-stimulated, at least for me, and Precious too, it seemed.

"Yeaaaassss..." My best friend closed her eyes, moving her hips and grinding her pussy onto my boyfriend's face as he stabbed his stiff tongue between her greasy labia.

"Lucy? I think Precious wants to meet your cock, honey," Stacy said in a normal tone of voice and Lucy wasn't far away in any case, just around the corner and she'd been waiting for an invitation, and probably somewhat impatiently.

"Here you go, baby..." Lucy said and like they'd rehearsed it or something, she took Stacy's place in front of the girl.

Mistress Lucy's long black fingers went into my friend's hair and that fine black dick, all nine inches of it, slid dark as a shadow over her pink face. Precious was still cumming just then, her hands in bitch's hair, pulling my boyfriend's sucking mouth hard against her juicing sex, rolling her ass and gasping as he made her feel good all over. I knew exactly what he was tasting right then too, that bitter-sweet tang of salty lemon peels, girl cum spilling out of my roommate's pretty cunt to fill my boyfriend's mouth. It was sexy as hell and seeing Precious with a black cock pressed against her skin made it even better.

"Ohhh ... God ... God ... Oh ... Fuck ... What ... What the fuck?" Precious jerked suddenly as her eyes opened and focused in confusion. She went a little cross-eyed actually as a heavy slab of hot, black flesh slid across the bridge of her freckled nose and Lucy's sperm filled balls teased my friend's gaping mouth.

"Big for a girl, isn't it?" the shemale teased her with a chuckle.

Lucy had walked in completely naked; her soft black skin with all those sweet muscles on display beneath it, was all the woman needed to wear. Her big brown tits were firm with dark swollen nipples thrust out and up invitingly. Lucy's smooth body looked sleek and sexy and completely feminine the way only female athletes can be, not a bodybuilder, nothing that serious, but one of those real fitness models you see on ESPN2 sometimes. I really liked that look a lot. I wanted to ask Mistress Lucy about it and find out how difficult it was to get a body like that. I liked being soft and round, yeah, but after I had my baby, mmmm ... I wouldn't mind looking like a white version of Lucy, without the cock of course.

"Get off me! Let go of me, you fucking nigger!" Precious spat out the words without a hint of remorse.

My best friend's unhappy face burned with embarrassment as much as anger, I thought. Precious was actually humiliated that she'd had Lucy's cock on her face, the shemale's hands in her hair. It had felt good too, my friend hadn't minded it at all with her eyes closed, and maybe she knew it.

"Precious." I sighed, getting down beside my friend, shoulder to shoulder with her so I could whisper in her ear.

"Talk to her, slut." Lucy didn't move at all, and although I'd expected Precious to get up and run for the door, she didn't.

"She's afraid of it," Stacy decided. "Afraid of black, I think."

"No I'm not!" she retorted, blinking rapidly and her green eyes looked a little wet to me.

"There's nothing to be scared of," I whispered. "Nobody's gonna know about this. Your parents won't find out."

"This dick ain't gonna hurt you, baby. This nigger cock is gonna make you feel good ... Don't it feel good?" Lucy asked Precious softly. "You can tell me, nobody's gonna care..."

"Nobody's going to know you kissed a big black cock, Precious." Stacy got down on the floor, kneeling on the other side of the girl, rubbing her back and pressing her lips close to my roommate's ear. "Go on. Try it, you know you want to ... You don't really want her to let you go at all, do you?"

"Stop it..." Precious swallowed hard and flinched as Lucy rubbed her fat cock all over the coed's face. "It stinks ... It's gross."

"That was Mistress Lucy's cum in my pussy this morning," I whispered. "Remember how good it tasted?"

"Give it a kiss," Stacy said, stroking the girl's back and shoulders. "That big, hard cock. Look at it. Have you ever fucked a cock that big?"

"That's just bitch's asshole you smell. He's clean though," Lucy said. "I made sure of that, didn't I bitch?"

"Wha ... What?" Precious was getting dizzy with all of us talking at the same time, working together to break her down.

"Mmmphhh ... yes Mistress..." bitch replied, still licking at the girl's cunt, although Precious seemed to have almost forgotten about that.

"Don't be afraid. You want to do it, don't you?" I continued. "Denise, tell me the truth, you want to fuck a black cock, right? Like forbidden fruit, isn't it?"

"We're all by ourselves," Stacy said, kissing Precious on the cheek. "The door's locked, the curtains are closed. You can do whatever you want in here, I promise. Nobody's going to hurt you."

"She's a nigger though." She shook her head slightly, licking her lips and frowning. "I don't know ... I can't..."

"Yeah, I'm all nigger, baby," Lucy agreed. "And you dream of sucking nigger cock. Don't lie to me; I can see it in your eyes. All you white bitches love black dick."

"Noooo..." Precious breathed, but she still wasn't moving and Stacy reached for Lucy's cock, taking it in her hand and stroking the long black shaft in front of my friend's wide eyes.

"Like this, Precious, come on. Open up, don't be a little girl anymore, you can do it," Stacy said. "If you're not scared, show us. Prove it to us. Open your mouth, sweetie."

Mistress Stacy brought the purplish head to my friend's lips while Mistress Lucy held the girl's head, holding her steady with the glans resting on her pouting bottom lip. They would have let Precious go if she wanted to leave, I was certain of that, but my roommate wasn't even trying to get up. All of her resistance took the form of words, empty air falling from her lips and none of it meant anything. She didn't hate black people, she just wanted to maybe, or acted that way because her parents did. She wanted to fuck a black guy, ride a black cock and feel that huge taboo being broken, but Precious really was afraid of it.

Now she didn't have to be.

"Like this..." I said, pressing my mouth to Lucy's cock and moaning as I felt it beneath my tongue.

I kissed and licked the length of it right in front of my friend and after I did that for ten seconds maybe, I turned and kissed her. I pressed my tongue against hers, letting Precious taste my mouth after I'd kissed that black cock.

"Do I taste any different?" I asked her. "No? Your turn ... You can do it, Denise. Kiss it for me, okay? Just do it for me. You know I love you, right?"

She resisted at first, not moving at all, but only staring into my eyes. I put my hand on her head, digging my fingers into the girl's hair. When I urged her forward, she didn't fight it. Precious pursed her lips and I smiled, nodding my head as the head of Lucy's cock found the girl's kiss.

"Good girl," I whispered. "You're so beautiful, Denise."

"Yeahhhhmmmm..." Lucy let out a happy sound as Precious licked the head of her cock, briefly at first, with her lips barely parted, but she opened gradually wider with her growing acceptance.

"There, you go." Stacy giggled. "Our little girl is all grown up."

"Open your mouth for it, get it inside!" I kissed my friend's cheek and Precious did just that, abandoning any sort of resistance and surrendering completely as she groaned around the swollen head of Lucy's cock.

"Mmmpphhh..." Poor forgotten bitch was still on his back, still licking my best friend's cunt and now Precious was cumming again.

She tripped hard on sucking a black cock, like she'd been dreaming of it her whole life. I slid my hands under her sweater, feeling her flushed with heat as I reached for her nipples, rewarding Precious for taking that black cock into her mouth. She looked so small and that dick was so big, I licked my lips with sympathetic pleasure at the sight of her struggling to get as much of it inside as possible. I pinched and rolled her nipples, those hard pebbles atop the puffy mounds rising and falling with every ragged breath she took. I did everything I could to make it good, kissing around her mouth and licking at the dark shaft where it stretched her lips.

"Ahhh fuck! Suck my nigger cock, you little whore," Lucy groaned and she plainly had good reason to enjoy this more than anyone, except maybe Precious.

"I'm going to fuck you now, little girl," Stacy said, taking a position behind Precious with her long penis bobbing up and down and dripping precum onto bitch as she straddled his body.

"Ohhh God ... She's going to fuck you so good," I whispered. "She's going to fuck that little pussy of yours with her big dick."

"Mmmphhh..." Precious nodded, pulling her mouth off Lucy's cock and panting for air. "Put a condom on her first."

"A condom?" I pressed my lips against hers, thrusting my tongue into my best friend's mouth to play in all that hot spit and precum. I pulled at her nipples, my fingers digging into her flat chest and squeezed together to catch those hard points of pleasure.

"No rubbers around here, Precious," Stacy breathed, rubbing her cockhead up and down the girl's pussy while bitch kissed and licked at the both of them.

"W-What?" Precious widened her pretty green eyes at me and then looked over her shoulder. "But I'm not protected."

"Neither am I, baby." Stacy giggled and Lucy laughed.

"What flavor you want, whore?" Lucy asked. "Vanilla or chocolate?"

"W-What?" Precious looked around in confusion, holding Lucy's cock tightly in her fists, one hand atop the other along the shaft like she was afraid to let it go.

"Your baby!" I explained with a giggle. "Don't you want to feel it? All that hot sperm inside you ... God! It feels so good, Precious!" I kissed her again as she trembled with excitement or fear, or most likely both.

"Do you want me to fuck you?" Stacy asked, making Precious wriggle her ass uncontrollably as my friend felt that big cock at the entrance to her hot little hole.

"Yeah..." Precious nodded. "But ... Bareback? I've never done that ... Please. Not that way ... Okay?"

"Okay." Stacy smiled and shrugged. "Maybe we can find some other room to play in..."

"Ohhh fuck no!" Precious gasped and jerked as Stacy moved her cock a little higher, pressing the wet tip to my friend's asshole.

"Virgin?" Lucy chuckled. "That's interesting; I wouldn't have expected it from a little whore like you."

"Let her fuck your ass," I breathed. "She's so good at it."

"Noooo..." Precious giggled and looked at Lucy's cock, licking her lips. "Chocolate ... I want a brown baby."

"What?" Lucy laughed at that. "Shit! When you give it up, you go all the way, huh? You want a little nigger to show Mommy and Daddy, Precious?"

"Oh God..." My best friend blinked hard. "If ... If that's the only way I'm gonna fucked right now ... I want you to do it," she agreed. "Put that nigger cock inside me."

"Wow! Look at you." I grinned. "You're such a little whore!"

"Maybe Precious is the wrong name for her," Lucy said. "Okay, let's switch Stace. The whore wants to breed black!"

"I guess she does," Mistress Stacy sighed theatrically. "You go first then, but I bet her baby still come out white."

"Shit..." Lucy grinned and then leaned down, holding Precious steady with her hands while she kissed the girl hard, fucking her tongue into my friend's mouth.

"Why don't you suck your husband's cock a little, slut," Stacy told me. "I think the faggot is about to explode."

"Ummphhh ... Thank you ... Mistress..." bitch breathed from between Precious' thighs and his cock was dark and straining from his prone body.

"I know you want to," she chided me and I blushed just for her.

"Thank you, Mistress." I smiled and let Precious go, crawling on the floor so I could lay down on the carpet and give Bitch a nice sloppy wet blowjob.

"Yeah ... Fuck ... She's Precious..." Mistress Lucy decided, breathing hard after a long, filthy kiss with my friend and then she moved to get behind the girl, pushing her shoulders down so Precious dropped more properly onto her hands and knees.

"Yeah ... Take this off. Fuck, I'm so hot!" Precious said as she helped Stacy pull the sweater over her head and off her arms.

"You're going to get hotter, girl. Jesus, look at those tits!" Stacy said and Precious made a little face, always being self-conscious about her barely there breasts. "I want to eat those cherries! Fuck!"

"Do you like them?" Precious asked and Stacy smiled, nodding enthusiastically.

"They're perfect," she said. "Now suck my cock some more. Make it good, Precious, make it real good."

"Speaking of cherries..." Lucy grinned, " ... this little white whore is gonna be tight!"

"Oh Jesus!" Precious moaned a moment before Stacy filled her mouth with cock. Lucy began teasing the girl's pussy the same way Stacy had, rubbing her swollen cockhead along the pink slit...

I spent all of my efforts on bitch's faggot cock, sucking him slowly and carefully, knowing he wasn't going to take long to cum and wanting to make it last. I reached between my legs, rubbing my clit while I worked my tongue back and forth along the length of the boy, without taking him completely into my mouth, not yet. I kept my eyes between Lucy's powerful black thighs as she spread her legs wide, on her knees behind Precious and straddling bitch as he licked and kissed at their union.

Crouched on the floor and blowing my boyfriend was going to give me a nice view of that long black cock stretching my friend's pussy. I'd seen her fucked before, but not by a gleaming nine inch tool like Lucy's. Precious was going to get blacked and all her racist talk had just been a smoke screen to hide what she really wanted, a black lover to fuck her cunt and mouth and use her like a whore. She was already getting off on it completely and I hate to admit my surprise,, but I guess you never really know anyone completely, even after three years of friendship. Of course, Precious was probably still a racist, so maybe letting Lucy fuck her raw was some weird punishment thing for what my roommate knew was wrong.

But I'm no good at psychoanalyzing people. I'm much better with a hard cock, like bitch's, and I began sucking him gently as I watched Mistress Lucy flexing her hard black ass and pushing her fat cock into my girlfriend's seemingly too small pussy. The shemale held Precious by the hips, her golden skirt bunched around the waist, while Mistress Stacy held the coed by her hair, feeding my friend some big white cock at the other end. That was going to be a nice fuck for Precious and she'd found another small cum to grease her hole. That girl was even more orgasmic than me, and I'm seriously blessed in the climax department!

"Yeah ... Fuck me ... Fuck me ... Suck me..." Precious moaned, arching her back as Stacy gave her some air. "Lick me and dick me ... Oh Jesus! Christ! Sloooow..."

"I'm going slow, baby girl, don't you worry," Lucy said, giving her a friendly slap on the ass.

The transsexual pushed a little harder, stretching my friend's cunt wide around her cock for several seconds, and then pulling back half as much. She worked the girl slowly to open her up, letting the reluctant walls of her cunt accept and surrender to the mounting pressure. Eventually Precious would get used to it, her cunt would stretch and then Lucy would be able fuck her good, taking that small, hot hole with long, deep strokes.

"I'm gonna breed a nigger in that sweet belly of yours, Precious," Lucy promised with a groan, her back and shoulders glistening with small beads of sweat. "Gonna knock your lily ass up."

"Oh yeah ... Fuck ... That's crazy..." Precious gasped in reply, looking over her shoulder with a giddy expression. She licked her lips and giggled until Stacy pulled her face back to the cock in front of her.

"Less talking, more sucking, Precious," the shemale decided. "You're one of those girls who always has something to say, huh?"

"Mmmphh..." Precious moaned around the prick in her mouth, slobbering all over it noisily.

"Exactly what I mean!" Mistress Stacy nodded.

"You have something against ... Ugh! Conversational sex?" Lucy asked, digging her fingers into Precious' hips and pulling the girl back to meet her cock She seemed to be getting impatient as she had slightly more that half her cock buried inside my friend's pussy by then.

"Only when I'm getting a blowjob," Stacy replied with a grin.

"Good point." Mistress Lucy shrugged and those two had probably fucked a lot of boys and girls together. I knew they'd done me and bitch for sure. Now they were doing my roommate like it was no big deal to talk a girl onto her knees just because she was handy...

"Are you ready to cum, bitch?" I asked my husband to be, rubbing his hot wet cock against my face.

"Ohhh yeah ... Please ... Slut..." Bitch breathed.

He continued licking all around the union of Precious and Mistress Lucy, as they were fucking right above his flushed and sweat covered face. Live and in black and white, or black in white, I suppose. He wasn't complaining though, not at all, bitch had the best seat in the house for watching Precious take a big load of potent black semen into her fertile womb. He would taste it later, we both knew that, but right then I wanted to taste his thick cream filling my mouth and then my tummy.

I enveloped his cock completely, washing bitch's straining erection eagerly with my tongue and sliding my lips down the shaft until I felt his cockhead nudging against the entrance to my throat. He really was the perfect size for sucking, I thought, not too big, not too small, but just right. I swallowed around him, dropping my head those last couple inches until I had my nose pressed against the panties he still wore, although they were terribly askew with his cock and balls exposed.

I deep throated him three or four times and he soon began lifting his ass to meet me, bucking his hips as bitch's balls jerked in his tight little sack. His ejaculate pulsed suddenly into my mouth and then my throat as I took him one more time there. His cum sprayed straight into my belly, feeding hot salty protein to me and my unborn child to feast on. That seemed a strange, wicked idea and I wondered how much of that stuff I really digested, hopefully most of it because if that morning sickness didn't go away soon, I'd really start losing weight. I hadn't eaten hardly a thing in three days already.

Funny where the mind goes during sex, isn't it? Mistress Lucy had driven her prick balls deep inside Precious, and her cockhead must have been touching bottom. I couldn't imagine my petite Irish friend being any deeper than I was down there. Lucy fucked her slowly, but with real strokes, nice and long, sliding that wet black prick eight inches out and then pushing it all the way home, holding the girl tight as she wriggled her ass and moaned around the big white cock stuffed into her mouth. Stacy had really begun fucking Precious as well, as if the two shemales were determined to meet somewhere in the middle of the girl impaled between them.

I kept sucking bitch until he was spent and then cleaned him up, gathering the remains of his orgasm and swallowing it all down happily. I sucked and licked at my faggot boyfriend until he grew stiff again, since that's how Mistress Stacy wanted him, I thought. At least as much as possible. It had to be a little torturous for the boy, having an aching erection all the time and not being allowed to play with it. I was really glad Mistress Stacy hadn't forbidden me from playing with my pussy; that would have sucked hard.

"I'm not going to last long in this whore," Lucy said, fucking Precious harder now and faster, working her cock in and out of the girl easily. Bitch kept sucking at them noisily, drinking their fuck juices as it spilled over his tongue.

"She's a good cocksucker too." Stacy panted softly, breathing a little harder as Precious bobbed her head up and down, taking half that big cock before she'd gag on it and have to back off.

"Jeeze, you're so beautiful getting fucked like that, Precious," I sighed, sitting up and then leaning back, catching my breath and just watching the four of them fuck.

"I'm cumming ... Fuck! Here comes your baby, whore!" Mistress Lucy warned Precious and drove her cock deep into my best friend's cunt, kissing the girl's cervix I hoped, and shooting her black baby-making seed right there at the tender mouth of her womb.

"Ohhhh ... Noooo fuck me! Fuck ... Cum inside me you nigger bitch! Fuck you ... Dirty nigger! Fuck me..." Precious moaned loudly and her body spasmed with pleasure as she stared at Lucy over her shoulder. Her green eyes were flashing with some strange mix of hatred and love maybe, but lust definitely as she felt the black shemale's thick semen flooding her cunt.

"Ohhhh ... Yeahhhhh..." Mistress Lucy sighed. "Keep talking, whore. I'm planting your garden right now!"

"What? Eggplant?" Stacy laughed and her friend groaned.

"Fuck you, home girl!" Lucy grinned. "This cunt is black owned now! Who's pussy is this, whore?"

"Yours, you fucking nigger! Oh God ... Give me a baby! I feel it!" Precious rolled her hips and arched her back, shaking like a leaf as she felt a cock summing naked in her fertile womb for the first time in her life.

"See?" Lucy laughed. "I'm keeping this whore. She's all kinds of feisty!"

"Get her a spade tattoo, Mistress," I suggested. "Queen of spades on her pussy."

"Nah, on her belly, where everybody can see it." Lucy looked back at me and smiled.

"Let's see what color the baby is first, huh?" Stacy said with a chuckle. "Move out of the way. Let a real cock in there."

"Oh God ... Give me a minute ... One ... Minute..." Precious gasped as Lucy pulled her cock out of the girl's pussy carefully, not wanting to draw any of her sperm out with it.

"Don't you suck her, bitch!" Mistress Lucy warned him. "Let that sperm do its thing before you start trying to clean her out."

"A minute?" Stacy shook her head as she took Lucy's place. Without any fanfare or warning, she lined up her cock and drilled the girl's cunt with one quick thrust. "Time's ... Ugh! Up!"

"Ohhh Fuck!" Precious squirmed against that fresh penetration and she already knew she'd be taking all the sperm those two shemales could feed her hungry hole for the rest of the weekend. Those sloppy seconds Stacy was enjoying would only be the first of many times my best friend's sloppy hole took a hard back-to-back fucking.

"Clean this mess up, whore." Mistress Lucy pulled Precious to her semi-hard cock, wet and covered with the milky remains of their fuck. "You're a good girl now, aren't you, Precious? A little white whore for my nigger cock, huh?"

"Mmpphhh ... Fuck you, nigger!" Precious spat, opening her mouth wide and cramming herself full of thick black cock, washing the slimy juices away and swallowing eagerly.

Those two were going to have a very strange relationship, I thought.
Epilogue

Knock ... Knock ... Knock

Someone knocked on the bathroom door and I glanced at it with a little frown.

"Slut? Are you guys okay in there?" bitch asked softly.

"Yeah, bitch. Just ... Wait a minute, okay?" I looked at Precious as she washed her face in the sink. "Feeling better?"

"No." She blinked at my reflection in the mirror. "I didn't know it was gonna be this bad."

"At least you're getting yours in the morning. I got it all the time," I said with a smile, but there was little I could do to make it easier for her. She was about a month pregnant and it had just started getting bad.

"The taxi's been here five minutes. The guy's waiting," bitch said. "I already got her bags out there."

"Okay," I sighed. "Tell him to wait. She'll be right out."

"That plane ride is going to suck," Precious said, trying hard to smile back at me.

"Ask for extra airsick bags," I suggested. "And just think about Mistress Lucy waiting for you down there."

"Yeah." My best friend nodded at that. "I'm going to miss you, slut."

"Don't start saying goodbye again!" I told her with a grin. "We'll be here all day. Come on, the taxi's waiting."

"Yeah, okay," she agreed. "You think it's safe for the baby?"

"And don't start that again either! Jesus, Precious!" I opened the door, pushing her out. "Your baby's gonna love it probably."

"I really hope it's a nigger," she said and that was always on her mind because Stacy and Lucy had fucked her a lot that first weekend, taking turns as they tried to breed her. Nobody would know what flavor Precious had until it came out.

"And watch your language," I warned her for like the hundredth time. "People don't get it when you talk like that."

"Lucy does," she reminded me, as if nothing else mattered. "I love her."

"Yeah, yeah, well ... I'll be down for the wedding, so just stay cool, okay?" I walked her to the door of bitch's apartment. "I'll probably have to call you Mistress Precious then, huh?"

"Heh!" My ex-roommate grinned at that and despite her sickness, the girl's green eyes were bright as ever. She was beautiful with that pregnant glow and once the morning sickness went away, she'd be awesome.

"I put extra crackers in your bag," bitch told her as he shouldered her carry-on.

"I wanna see pictures of your new tits when you get them," Precious told bitch. "Don't forget.".

"Yours too." He grinned.

"Nah ... Lucy likes my little boobs. She won't let me," the girl shrugged and we were all walking towards the taxi.

"Mistress Stacy won't let him not get them." I said. "He's gonna look awesome with some big tits."

"He looks awesome already," she replied, making my shemale husband blush sweetly.

Precious looked at him and they'd grown close over the last month. I laughed as bitch struck a pose his skirt and heels, a maiden form bra under his blouse and his face made-up perfectly. All he had to do was grow his black hair out and he'd be seriously hot, instead of just very pretty. He'd been born to be a sissy, that seemed obvious to all of us now. Stacy's decision to turn him into a transsexual cockslut was the best thing that could have happened to the sissy and bitch and I were both very happy about it.

"Don't cry now, come on." I hugged Precious tightly, kissing her cheeks. "Security at the airport takes forever, so you'd better get going."

"Yeah, I know." She smiled and had to cry a little. "I'm really gonna miss you."

"Me too." I blinked at my own tears. "Call me, as soon as you land. Don't wait, just call."

"Your celphone?" Precious giggled. "Will you answer it?"

"Mine?" I grinned, "Yeah, I'll make an exception for you."

"Don't believe her," bitch said, hugging the girl and kissing her on the lips gently. "She never answers, just call me."

"I will," Precious promised.

We hugged and kissed just a little more, but the driver was getting impatient and Precious did have a plane to catch. She'd transferred to the University of Florida so she could be with Lucy and that was totally romantic, but I'd already started missing her. At least she'd been at our wedding, a small affair when I, slut, took bitch to be my sissy husband. Mistress Stacy had found us a lesbian minister who was into weird sex and strange BDSM wedding ceremonies. She didn't even blink when bitch and I both showed up in wedding gowns. It had been pretty fun, especially the reception afterwards. Bitch hadn't been allowed to fuck me, but everyone else had done us both. Mistress Stacy had her circle of transsexual and transvestite friends, as well as a lot of straight up queers, and now they were our friends as well.

I'd move out of my dorm soon and bitch was moving out of his apartment, so we could both live with Mistress Stacy fulltime and serve her. We'd still go to college, of course, and be normal most everywhere else, except for bitch being a total cross-dresser now, which had raised some eyebrows among his fellow students and the professors at law school, but he'd survived it. Bitch knew he was a sissy fag and so why be embarrassed about it? We were happy and the rest of the world could fuck off, as Mistress Lucy liked to say.

We watched the taxi drive away, giving Precious some little waves and blowing kisses and there was an emptiness around us then, and within us too perhaps, but we'd see her again. Mistress Stacy had promised us a long trip to Florida soon, after the school year ended and I had had my baby, and we were looking forward to it.

"Well, she's gone," I sighed and frowned a little. "I'm gonna run to my dorm. See you at Mistress Stacy's later?"

"Yeah," bitch agreed. "You need any help?"

"Nah, I'm moving slowly." I smiled. "No rush, right? My dorm isn't kicking me out."

"My landlord is." he shrugged. "I had to pay to break the lease."

"I know." I kissed his cheek. "Poor baby. I'll see you later."

"Kay." Bitch kissed me on the lips and then I was off to do a little more packing.

My dorm room seemed a lot bigger without Precious in it. Too big and I clucked my tongue as I gathered some more stuff together. I was moving out one backpack at a time, a little every day, and basically living at Stacy's by then anyway. I still had my own morning sickness, but it came less and less frequently, and now it felt like indigestion more than anything else. I was about nine or ten weeks pregnant by then and my doctor kept telling me that the middle trimester was going to put me in love with being pregnant. I hoped so.

Knock ... Knock ... Knock

I frowned at my door and opened it slowly, blinking in surprise as I found Amy standing there. All five foot ten of her, blonde and beautiful and perfectly formed like a Grecian goddess come to life. She'd dressed nice too, not sexy, not really, but nice with a mid-thigh skirt and a tight little top in black that showed off her wonderful tits. I mean, they were right there, the tops exposed and creamy and ... I had to tear my eyes away from them.

"Hi, uh ... Heather ... Right?" Amy seemed terribly nervous and I wondered what would have to happen to make a girl like that nervous about anything. She had the world on a platter, I bet. God, she looked amazing.

"Hi Amy," I said, kind of dumbly and I swallowed hard. "What, um ... What's up?"

"Do you..." She looked around and leaned a little closer, enough so I could smell her.

I could smell her soap, some Camay, I thought, and her shampoo, which smelled like lilacs maybe, but mostly I could smell her and I felt my heart beating a little harder. It wasn't love, not really. I loved bitch, and I loved Mistress Stacy and Precious, and Mistress Lucy too. I loved all of them and I could certainly love one more, but mostly this was just lust. Amy was the girl I pined after in my sexual fantasies. Unattainable perfection. The meaning of life.

"Do I ... What?" I asked, narrowing my eyes at her.

"Do you really want to kiss my pussy?" Amy asked softly and her face turned so pink it was perfect, exactly as it had to be. "Like your friend said ... In the shower before? I was thinking about it, and if you really want to..."

"Oh God." I think I came right then.

