
Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 1
Mail Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: 9/6/2009, 3:34:07 AM

I was the new kid in school, our family recently moving into town, and the first thing I'd noticed were all the black kids. Not that I was prejudiced or anything, but where we'd lived before everyone had been white mostly. Not for any real reason, except that's the way it had been.

My new high school had a lot of black kids though, maybe a third of them, and the second thing I noticed was how beautiful the black chicks were. I mean, they seemed almost exotic to me and I couldn't help staring at some of them. They were all gorgeous teenage girls, like sixteen and seventeen, or even eighteen probably, and my first few days were spent walking around sorta lost as I got used to the place ... with a boner in my pants that refused to go down!

One of the hottest girls had to be Stacy. A cheerleader and an eleventh grade junior like me. She must have been seventeen and just seemed amazing to me. Stacy was tall and slender without being skinny, definitely not that! She had a serious body, toned and hard and colored like chocolate. I loved her long, smooth legs and large, firm tits, and especially her beautiful face. She looked like teenage goddess as she moved through the school. I had several classes were her and I spent those hours just staring and fantasizing about the girl.

I didn't think she'd even noticed me though. A skinny white boy, good looking enough that some of the girls were interested, but not a hot chick like Stacy probably. I'd made a couple friends right away and even met a couple girls, you know, white girls who seemed pretty cool and we'd talked a little. Some of the black girls seemed to like me too, especially my blond hair, kind of long and curling around my shoulders, and my blue eyes. I suppose everyone likes things that are different. I liked Stacy though and she barely glanced at me.

After the first full week of school, this guy named Dave invited me to a party. He was another white guy and we'd gotten along okay. Him and his friends were taking care of me and showing me how stuff worked around my new school and the city as well. Everyplace is a little different and I was glad to have some friends anyway.

"You like Stacy huh?" Dave chuckled as we sat down for lunch and I just nodded as the girl sat with her cheerleader friends on the other side of the cafeteria.

"Everybody likes Stacy," a guy named Kevin grinned. "All those chicks over there."

"They're pretty awesome," Brad, another of my new friends agreed and I'd seen him hanging out with a couple black girls from time to time. In fact, all my new buddies seemed to know them pretty well and I was still trying to figure out the social scene.

Anyway, just then they were talking about the half-dozen black girls sitting with Stacy. Like the hottest black girls in school, all of them beautiful, all of them cheerleaders, and all of them probably stuck-up like you wouldn't believe. They sat at their own table and whispered and giggled and so far as I could tell, everyone avoided them, which seemed really weird. At my old school, girls like that were always getting hit on by the football jocks or whoever, but these girls didn't even seem to have boyfriends really. Not that I could tell.

The only exceptions seemed to be that every now and again one or two of them would sit down for lunch and a white guy would be with her. Usually a cute one, a good looking white boy who would carry the girl's lunch tray, her books too maybe, and sit with her, but otherwise seemed to be largely ignored by the other girls. I couldn't figure it out and every time I asked, my new friends just shrugged and either didn't know or didn't want to tell me what was going on.

Anyway, Dave invited me to a party and that sounded cool. Being sixteen like I was, all I wanted to do was party and especially hook up with some hot black chick. My old girlfriend, Sharon, had been fifteen and I'd liked her just fine, but she wouldn't fuck or anything like that. I tried too, believe me, but I couldn't even finger the girl because she worried about her virginity so much. I eventually got her to suck my dick and that was cool, even though she hated it ... or said she did anyway. All girls love sucking cock, everyone knows that, but she liked to complain if I came in her mouth or whatever.

All my new friends had been telling me how black girls liked to fuck, Dave especially kept telling me I had to hook up with a black girl and he knew the perfect one for me!

"Stacy likes you," he told me and I looked at him doubtfully because she didn't even know I was alive.

"How do you know?" I asked him and he just smiled.

"She's gonna be at the party too," he told me. "She asked if you were gonna be there."

"She did?" I had to smile at that, but I had some doubts too, like probably he was just jerking me around. Having a little fun with the new kid, you know.

"Yeah," he assured me. "Stacy likes white guys a lot."

"Does she have a boyfriend?" I wondered, because I hadn't noticed one if she did and Dave shrugged.

"So you're coming, right? I'll pick you up at the Seven-Eleven, that's where we're gonna meet."

"Yeah," I agreed. "I'll be there."

And that Friday night I finally met the girl of my dreams.

"I told ya, man!" Dave grinned at me as he introduced us. "Is she awesome or what?"

"Hello," Stacy said in a soft, breathless sort of voice and held out her hand. "I was hoping you'd be here."

"Hi," I smiled back at her, holding her fingers for a second and just drinking the girl in with my wide blue eyes.

Stacy had to be a couple inches taller than my five foot nine and in her heels she seemed even taller. She wasn't quite so dark as some of her friends, but more of rich chocolate color with warm brown eyes and thick, black hair that fell around her heart-shaped face in kinky, curling waves. I loved her hair almost as much as I loved her body! Jesus! This chick was healthy, like toned and athletic almost. She had narrow hips and nice, big tits. Firm ones too and perfectly formed so far as I could tell, and barely contained in the tight, one piece mini-dress thing she wore.

She knew what she wanted too! We talked for a little while, finding a corner at the edge of the party and drinking some sort of punch with a lot of alcohol in it. I had a couple glasses and started getting sorta buzzed, horny too and I kept looking at Stacy's long, long legs and perfect tits, feeling my cock swollen stiff in my jeans. She knew what I was thinking and I guess Stacy didn't mind, less than an hour after meeting her, she led me upstairs towards the bedrooms and as soon as we were on someone's bed...

"Mmppph..." I groaned into her mouth as we laid side-by-side.

Stacy had opened right up for a deep, soul searching kiss and my hands were all over the girl. I rubbed her back and shoulders and while Stacy sucked my tongue, I reached for her tits and found them just as firm as I'd imagined. I squeezed her through her dress and felt Stacy's fingers in my blond hair, holding my face to her kiss. We made out fully clothed for a good fifteen or twenty minutes probably, until we'd both gotten hot and sticky with desire.

I ran my hand down her back, all the way to Stacy's perfect ass and felt her thong as it disappeared between her firm, round butt cheeks. I tugged her Lycra dress upward, getting the stretchy material around her hips so I could caress her bare skin and Stacy didn't stop me at all. She seemed to love making out and when I started pressing my hand low behind her, sliding my fingers down as I followed her thong, she didn't stop me the way Sharon would have. Stacy even spread her legs, lifting the left and putting it over my thighs so she was half-laying on top of me.

When I felt her hand on my cock, massaging my erection through the denim of my pants, I was in heaven. I just knew I'd fuck this girl soon. My first time ever, I'd finally lose my virginity and to a seriously hot black girl no less, a cheerleader all of seventeen years old. My heart hammered and my lungs burned as we swapped spit and breathed each other's moans and sighs. That girl could kiss and Stacy squeezed my cock nicely, working me through my clothes while I tried to find her asshole with my fingertips. I loved her ass and I hadn't even gotten a real look at it yet, but I would soon enough, I promised myself. I was going to put this bitch on her hands and knees and fuck her like a dog!

"Like this..." Stacy breathed after another long while of making out and bringing my cock to throbbing life in my shorts.

I had no idea what she was doing at first, but I wasn't about to argue or stop her. Stacy pushed herself up and me onto my back as she straddled my stomach with her widespread legs. She crawled up my body that way and I watched her beautiful face as she looked down, smiling and playing with my hair and caressing my face with her long, red fingernails. She wanted me to eat her out or something, I figured, like Stacy intended to sit on my face and I'd never licked pussy before in my life, but I was willing to try anything just then. She had me so hot, I'd have licked her dirty feet if she wanted me to. Hell, I would have licked her sweet, brown asshole if it meant I got to drill her pussy afterwards!

"You like me, white boy?" she asked, teasing me with a husky giggle while she sat lightly on my chest.

"Oh yeah," I breathed, holding her hips and gazing up at her taut tummy and amazing tits, her smiling face and caramel eyes. She totally ruled me right then, you know? The girl was sitting on me, petting me like a toy, and anything she wanted to do would have been fine with me! I'd worship the girl, no doubt.

"Suck on this now," she whispered, using her hands to lift the front of her skirt and for just a split second I saw the pouch of her thong.

It bulged!

And then Stacy had pulled it aside and freed the biggest cock I'd ever seen in my life! It was dark like the rest of her, firm and thick, but not yet completely hard as she slapped my gaping mouth with it. Her balls hung low in a loose sack of supple black skin and she had no pubic hair at all, just an impossibly large cock and huge balls and she held my head with one hand and pushed her cock into my mouth with the other. I'd been so shocked and surprised that I hadn't even tried to stop her! As soon as I felt the smooth, pinkish glans stretching my lips though...

"Noooompph!" I tried to yell, pushing at her and trying to twist my body away

"Shut the fuck up!" Stacy hissed, frowning as she slapped my face with a stinging left hand. "Suck my cock, faggot!"

I tried turning my head and I even tried punching her in my desperation to get away. I hit her thighs and back with my fists, but I couldn't get a real swing and this chick ... this guy? She was solid! Athletic and healthy, and even muscular in a toned sort of way, Stacy ignored my punches and clocked me on the temple with a black fist that sent stars shooting into my dull brain. It was lights out for awhile. Seconds? Minutes? I had no idea how long that one punch had knocked me out, but when I woke up Stacy had her cock in my open mouth and her hands gripping my head.

"Eat my dick, cocksucker!" she commanded in that obscenely sexy, breathless voice she'd been using all night to get me hot for her.

I blinked back tears of humiliation as I felt her cock stretching my lips and sliding across my tongue. I couldn't fight her. I'd tried and it hadn't done me any good. My head hurt, my face felt bruised, and I was crying while Stacy raped my mouth. I surrendered completely, feeling ashamed and embarrassed beyond belief. How could this happen to me? Why was it happening? I didn't deserve it, that's what I was thinking.

"You're my little white bitch now," she told me. "Use your tongue, faggot. Lick my cock, suck on it!"

I did it, slowly at first, tentatively moving my tongue around beneath her long, black prick. It had to be eight inches long, maybe more, and much stiffer than it had been at first. Stacy's cock felt like an iron rod wrapped in silky, brown skin. There was no give to it, no flexibility whatsoever as she pulled my head off the pillow and another inch filled my mouth. She didn't move her hips at all, she didn't fuck my mouth, Stacy just used her strong hands to move my face back and forth along the shaft.

"That's good, bitch," she nodded, smiling as I started using my tongue a little more. "Watch your teeth ... Suck ... Yeah, suck that black cock, faggot. All you white pussies love that black dick, huh?"

"Unghhp!" I gagged as the head of her cock found the back of my mouth and Stacy giggled, relaxing for a second so I could cough weakly and catch my breath.

"Try again, faggot," she told me a moment later, and for the next ten or fifteen minutes she taught me how to pleasure her with my mouth.

Stacy's cock was much too large for me and I could only suck about a third of it between my tightly stretched lips, but she didn't seem to mind. I'd resigned myself totally to what we were doing, having no choice in the matter. If I didn't do it, she'd just beat me down and I'd end up sucking her off anyway probably. My stomach churned and I felt sick with shame and guilt. My eyes were wet with tears and if I closed them Stacy would slap my cheeks until I looked at her again. She wanted to see me looking up while my face was impaled on her thick, black tool.

"Yeah, faggot ... Hmmmm ... Good cocksucker," she'd tease me. "You've done this before, I think. You love sucking cock, don't you?"

If I tried to deny it, she'd slap me and tell me not to talk with my mouth full. When Stacy pulled the top of her dress down, I saw her perfect tits jutting outward from her body and I knew why they were so awesome then. They had to be fake, of course, but even so the sight was amazing. The bottom of her tits were smooth and light brown, curving upward to her long, dark nipples. Enjoying that vision, feeling the sick stirring of lust for Stacy's female body, only made it worse. I was sucking her cock, but the rest of her seemed so beautiful ... I felt confused and hopeless, helpless too as I washed her precum away with my tongue.

"Lick my balls now, pussy..." Stacy urged me, shifting forward as her wet cock slid across my face.

She settled over my mouth and I had no choice but to open as wide as possible, taking her silky soft scrotum and one of her balls between my lips. Stacy held my head and rolled her hips, riding my face as I sucked her sperm filled orbs one at a time, bathing them with my tongue. She seemed to like that a lot and much to my own disgust, I realized my hands were on the girl's ass. I didn't remember reaching for her, but I must have and now I held her soft, warm flesh while I nursed on her tender scrotum.

"Ummm ... Good," she nodded, working my head around between her smooth thighs. "You're going to be my favorite pussy from now on, I can tell."

I didn't know what was going on, but somewhere inside me I found myself enjoying at least a part of what was happening. Stacy looked so sexy, despite her huge cock and balls, and she felt wonderful in my hands. She smelled like perfume, like flowers tainted with the sexual musk of her excitement. My senses were filled with her, my head reeling with conflicting emotions. I hated myself for what she made me do. I felt ashamed and humiliated, but the taste of her dark skin wasn't terrible. The flavor of her scrotum as it filled my mouth wasn't unpleasant. The idea was horrible, but the physical part ... Why did I start liking it?

Maybe because I had no choice. That's what I told myself. Stacy forced me to do these things and once she'd finished with me, I'd run! I'd never see her again and I'd try to forget what had happened to me, never breathing a word of it to any living soul as long as I lived. But for the moment, while it was happening, I had to live with the fact that I enjoyed the attention. I liked the feel of her fingers in my hair, her firm, round butt under my hands, and the view of her dominant form towering above me like a black goddess.

Perhaps Stacy sensed that about me or maybe she'd done this before, but soon enough she'd pulled her balls away from my mouth and undressed me. I didn't stop her or even try to get away; I just let her take off my clothes as if I was a child. When Stacy pulled down my pants and then my boxers, exposing my pale cock and balls, she laughed lightly at how small I looked compared to her. I wasn't hard though either, my cock lay there soft and pink, shriveled up by circumstance, and my embarrassment only worsened.

"Such a pretty little clit," Stacy teased me, rubbing my flaccid cock and smallish balls with a gentle hand.

Worse than that was when Stacy took off her dress and thong, showing me just how wonderful her body really was. Except for her cock and balls, Stacy looked every inch like the beautiful, sexy black girl she pretended to be. A high school cheerleader with firm, proud tits and a flat tummy, long smooth legs and an ass that men would drool over. And her face, perfectly made up and utterly feminine. She could have been a model, I swear, with her generous smile and warm eyes, a smallish, pert nose that didn't look typically African at all to me.

"Shhh ... Kiss me now," Stacy whispered, covering my body with hers and kissing my mouth lightly at first.

I didn't want to kiss her. She was a man, I told myself, but she didn't look like one and I ached so badly inside. I felt lonely and filled with anguish, struggling to find something I could cling to. Stacy had broken me somehow, that's how it felt. She'd stolen my will and assaulted my ego until I had nothing left but the need to be comforted, even if it was in her arms. I'd have never imagined that anyone could dominate me so quickly and easily, but Stacy had done it and now she slipped her tongue into my mouth and pressed her tits against my chest.

We kissed. I let her kiss me and I kissed her back, accepting her tongue between my bruised lips even as I felt her rock hard penis grinding against my own soft, weak genitals. My hands found her back incredibly smooth and warm as I stroked her supple flesh. I licked her tongue and suckled on it, moaning softly as her pointed nipples pressed into my chest, her firm tits flattened against me. I could feel everything and my skin tingled, my heart hammered and rushed hot blood through every part of me.

Stacy's cock moved across mine, sliding wetly back and forth as she humped herself between my widespread legs. I could feel her heavy balls as well, soft and teasing as they moved against my own. I gave into her completely. I became eager and willing and my legs wrapped themselves around Stacy's waist. She was fucking me then, we both knew it, fucking my body without actually penetrating me at all. I felt like a girl somehow, or how I imagined a girl must feel when she's helpless and trapped beneath someone larger and stronger.

My confusion only increased when Stacy moved away from me, but without breaking our kiss. She kept her mouth on mine, but turned her body so that she could pull my hand to her cock. Stacy wanted me to jerk her off while we made out and God help me, but I did just that. I wrapped my fist around her thick pole and stroked her slowly while she tongue fucked my mouth. Jesus! She seemed huge too, like I keep saying, Stacy's cock was rigid as steel, hot and amazingly heavy as I worked my hand blindly along the shaft. Her precum leaked from the head and spilled across my fingers and I massaged the slippery fluid across the silky skin covering the swollen muscle beneath.

FLASH

I blinked as I looked up, breaking our kiss and momentarily blinded as I saw a grinning Dave standing near the bed with a camera in his hands.

"Wha... ?" I started trying to ask, but Stacy pulled my lips back to hers and extended her tongue to tease mine in a sloppy, open mouth kiss.

FLASH

Dave took another picture and another, chuckling to himself and I realized I hadn't even let go of Stacy's cock. I still jerked her off, kissing and moaning into her mouth while Dave captured it all on his digital camera. My humiliation was complete, but still I couldn't stop. Stacy wouldn't let me and I didn't want to for some reason. I didn't do anything to resist her when Stacy pushed my head down to her tits so I could lick and kiss her fat nipples for the camera. I held her cock and nursed on her tits and then went lower at Stacy's insistence.

"Suck it again, faggot," she told me, moving my mouth to her cock and I opened for it. "Ahhh ... This white pussy loves black dick!"

I took the head and an inch or two beside, holding her cock in my fist as I started sucking her off. Every now and then another blinding flash would try to distract me, but Stacy wouldn't let me go. She kept my face on her cock and pushed me down until I choked and coughed, my cheeks bulging outward with the effort. Up and down, taking as much of her as I could for Dave and his camera. I must have sucked Stacy's cock for five long minutes while I jerked her off in time with my bobbing head.

"Make me cum, faggot!" she gasped. "Oh, fuck! Here it ... Comes!"

I had no idea what to expect and her warning came only seconds before the first violent spurt of salty semen filled my mouth. I swallowed thickly, having no choice at all as Stacy held my head tightly with both hands. I couldn't pull away and her cock pulsed rapidly, spewing ball juice into my unprepared mouth. It squirted out the corners of my lips and quickly overflowed to spill down her throbbing shaft. I swallowed again and coughed, choking on the snotty texture of semen as it slid down my throat.

"Look up," Dave said, taking another picture as Stacy pulled my mouth off her prick and thick jets of hot ball juice flew at my flushed face.

She wrapped her fingers around my hand so that she could rub her cockhead all over my cheeks and nose, across my lips as her orgasm slowed. Stacy made a real mess of me and Dave got it all with his camera. Long strands of semen dripped from my chin, blobs of the stuff sticking to my face as I caught my breath. Stacy kept rubbing her cock over my skin, spreading the stain of cum until it covered every part of me with a thin, milky glaze.

"Sit up ... Smile for the camera, cocksucker!" Stacy told me, yanking my head upward as she got on her knees.

They posed me like that, smiling in a daze of confusion at the camera with Stacy's semi-hard cock slapped against my cheek. Her glistening black skin was covered with semen and she had me lick her cock clean with my tongue. I felt my humiliation like a knife in the guts and I hated myself for what I was doing, but I cleaned her slowly and swallowed the salty slime like she told me to. I got beneath her, between her thighs and licked her balls clean as well, pressing my nose against the musky, puckered hole her anus. I took her balls in my mouth as I'd been taught, sucking them gently between my lips one at a time so I could bathe them thoroughly with my tongue.

"Got what you need?" Stacy asked Dave and the boy nodded.

"Yeah," he said, taking one last picture of me on my back with Stacy sitting on my face. "I got it for you, Stacy."

"Good," Stacy nodded and jerked her head towards the door. "Get out of here now."

"Ughmmm..." I woke up wincing.

"Shhh ... Don't worry, pussy," Stacy whispered in my ear. "This is gonna be nice."

We were on our sides with her firm breasts and hard nipples pressed against my back, my left leg was bent and lifted high with the crook of my knee caught over her arm. Stacy had me spread and vulnerable, with her thick cock pressing against my already sore anus. The woman was stretching my hole, slowly but surely, and making me gasp as I blinked in the early morning light. I had thoughts of getting away, or trying to, but she'd taken complete control over me. Stacy had already fucked me twice during the night anyway and perhaps that was the real reason I wasn't resisting. She'd totally broken me.

"Again?" I whined in a plaintive voice. "But it's morning..."

"I love your faggot ass," she sighed and then pushed deeper into my asshole with a hard grunt. "Ugh! Fuck ... Tight little whore!"

"Owww ... Slow! Please, Stacy..." I shut my eyes tightly against the discomfort.

"Slow?" She kissed my neck with a soft giggle. "You know you love it."

Her left hand had been playing with my chest, rubbing my flat tits and burning nipples, but now she moved lower and I gasped with humiliation when Stacy found my hard cock. I'd gotten excited by this, as much as I tried to deny it and pretend that I wasn't. My body was giving away my secrets and Stacy's gentle fist wrapped itself around my small hard cock, jerking me off in time with her thrusting cock.

She squeezed and tugged at my sensitive member so that my precum spilled down the shaft and gave her some lubrication to make it even better. I couldn't help the movement of my hips as I hunched myself instinctively against the pleasure, and of course that only served to drive my ass against the thick manhood that impaled me.

"It ... Oh! Hurts!" I groaned, attempting to maintain some small shred of dignity against all reason.

"You're not a virgin anymore, slut," Stacy thrust again, spearing me with half of her long, black cock. "So quit acting like one."

She let go of my dick, perhaps sensing that I was getting close to cumming and wanting to be cruel. Stacy brought her wet hand back to my chest, playing once more with my sensitive nipples and there was a fire burning inside me. I moaned and continued to work my ass against her cock, feeling her stretching my rectum and enter my bowels. My mind rebelled against what we were doing, but my body accepted her eagerly and I had no control over myself. It wasn't fair and I was nearly in tears, wishing she would stop and desperate that she wouldn't.

"Uhhh ... Stacy, please..." I tried to beg, but all I could do was take it, the beautiful transsexual working her prick in and out of my rectum easily now as I stretched to accommodate her.

I could feel Stacy's old sperm from just a few hours before, greasy in the depths of my bowels and being churned by the cock fucking me relentlessly. Her strong hand dug into my hip, urging me to move my ass and fuck myself on her cock the way Stacy liked it. Her other hand stroked my blond hair, tugging at my scalp so that I had to tilt my head, turning my face until she could kiss me. That was the most humiliating thing of all perhaps, the way I accepted Stacy's tongue inside my mouth while she raped my ass.

"Horny little fuck!" she breathed, pulling her lips away while I swallowed our saliva. "Yeah, work that ass, faggot! Fuck me! Fuck my cock!"

I was doing it too, telling myself that I only wanted her to orgasm quickly and leave me finally. I'd thought sucking Stacy off for the camera would have been enough, but she'd fucked me twice during the night, taking my virginity and making me cry like a little girl. Stacy had raped me, that's the only word for it. She'd taken me on my belly like the little bitch I'd become, forcing her cock into my virgin ass and raping me for a painful twenty minutes before Stacy ejaculated deep in my bowels.

After that shameful experience I'd become much more compliant with her perverse desires.

"Well, well ... Still at it, I see?" A female voice pulled my big blue eyes to the bedroom doorway and I stared at her as she scratched her thick black hair and stretched like she'd just woken up.

Veronica was another cheerleader, one of Stacy's friends, and wearing nothing but a pink, loosely tied bathrobe. Like all the girls in their small clique, she seemed incredibly beautiful and hardly a high school girl. The real surprise came when her robe opened far enough that I could see Veronica's long, black cock and wrinkled ball sack hanging between her perfect legs. She was a boy too? Except, not a boy at all ... Like Stacy, she was something else altogether and my mind reeled drunkenly.

"Dave..." I gasped a second later as I noticed my friend kneeling naked at the black girl's feet. He held onto her left leg like a little boy clutching at his mother and I stared as he licked upward along her exposed thigh.

Stacy took advantage of our new audience and slammed her cock inside me as far as she could. I could feel her smooth, plum-sized balls against my skin, soft and warm as she began to grind her pelvis against my ass. I saw the other girl's eyes go to my hard little cock, pink and wet and moving wildly as we fucked. It slapped my tummy with soft wet sounds that only added to my embarrassment and it was clear that Veronica was amused, even pleased by what she witnessed.

"The little faggot likes it, huh?" the high school senior smiled at Stacy. "I didn't think he would. What a homo."

"He's a sweetie," Stacy giggled, holding my back against her perfect tits. "Can't get enough of my cock," she said into my ear. "Can you, pussy?"

"I see that," Veronica stared at us, reaching down to stroke Dave's head and pull his upturned face closer to her flaccid cock. Her black fuck pole had to be six inches long just hanging there and Dave kissed it about the same time Stacy pulled my mouth back to hers for another kiss.

I almost gagged on her tongue as it filled my mouth and I moaned weakly, shivering with humiliation. Veronica watched us, Dave too, although he seemed more preoccupied with kissing and licking the other girl's long black cock for the moment. But still, how could this have happened? He'd brought me to this party and introduced me to Stacy, all the while knowing she wasn't a real girl at all. How had I become a cocksucking fag? Because that's what I had to be now. Stacy had made me her little white bitch and now she had her cock up my asshole and I burned with excitement as much as humiliation.

"Are we going to get some breakfast or what, girl?" Heather, another of the black cheerleaders from school, smiled over Veronica's shoulder at us, not looking surprised at all to see Stacy fucking me. "Hey, Stacy. Having fun, girlfriend?"

"Lots of fun," Stacy agreed with a breathless giggle. "This pussy fucks like a Bangkok whore!"

"Heh! Maybe I'll have to try some of that sometime," Heather laughed, touching Veronica's shoulder with a delicate hand." Come on, everyone else is waiting. I'm starving, Vee."

"Wait," Veronica shook her head staring with obvious interest at the way Stacy's huge cock stretched my hole so easily. "I want to see a little more."

"You just want this faggot to suck your balls dry!" Heather giggled, looking down at Dave who had taken the head of Veronica's hardening cock into his eager mouth.

"Shhh ... Don't bother my pussy while he's eating, girl!" Veronica laughed, reaching down to cradle Dave's head as she gave a little push of her hips. "Fuck! What a mouth on this white boy!"

While I was trying to understand that Dave was sucking Veronica's cock just as I'd sucked Stacy's the night before, Stacy decided to give our audience a real show. Or maybe she'd just grown tired of all the foreplay and wanted to get off finally. I hoped so. Watching those two girls from school watch us was a torture of the worst sort, but still my cock refused to go soft. My heart wouldn't stop pounding and my lungs labored for every breath of cool air I could get. I felt electric and ready to beg for my own release, to do anything if it would unburden the urgent ache in my belly.

"On your back, slut!" Stacy said, "I wanna do you right."

"Oh, that's sexy!" Heather giggled and shook her head at me as Stacy pulled my legs over her shoulders, fucking me face to face like I was a real girl and she was a real man.

"Be nice, Stacy!" Veronica laughed. "That white boy don't know up from down anymore, look at him!"

My ass rolled off the mattress, my knees nearly touching my shoulders as Stacy pinned me helplessly to the bed. She pumped me hard with a straight shot into the burning confines of my well stretched rectum. I moaned loudly and then gave a sharp yelp of pleasure and pain when Stacy's swollen cockhead found my prostate. She caressed me there, or so it seemed, rubbing that sensitive spot and making me love it. Her big, sperm filled balls slapped my ass mercilessly and the sounds of our fucking filled the bedroom.

When Stacy came after a good four or five minutes of that, she was kissing me deeply once more. I sucked her tongue like a slut, with my eyes closed and my hands clutching her ebony thighs as Stacy held her spurting cock deep. Hot semen flooded me with what had become a familiar, soothing sensation. I was being used by her, filled with her rich sperm, and contrary to every expectation I might have had, I wasn't fighting it at all. I was too busy cumming with her, my smaller dick jerking between our bodies as my semen spread in a thin, sticky glaze. Stacy's supple tummy rubbed against mine as she kept her stiff cock lodged inside me and the pressure against my own much smaller penis was everything I'd needed.

"Don't move..." Stacy breathed, " ... Now I can finally piss."

"Wha..." I blinked up at her and the gorgeous transsexual still had her prick buried balls deep inside me, not completely hard any longer, but not soft either ... and then I felt it.

"Ahhhh..." Stacy sighed happily and I jerked beneath her, suddenly desperate to get away, but that proved impossible.

"No! Stop ... God!" I shuddered at the unexpected sensation of my bowels being inundated with hot piss. Stacy was urinating inside my ass!

"Shhh ... Shut up, pussy!" Stacy's brown eyes were full of humor as she let her bladder go completely. "You love it anyway. You came like a little girl."

"No ... Oh!" I gave a short gasp, but I couldn't deny the truth. My orgasm covered both of our bodies; we both knew it and I burned with embarrassment.

I could feel dirty pee and who knows what else leaking out of my sphincter as it stretched around the base of her thick shaft. A wet spot rapidly grew beneath my back and Stacy pissed for several minutes before she was satisfied and pulled her quickly deflating cock out of my drenched asshole. A wash of fluid followed immediately, the unmistakable smell of urine rising from between my still spread thighs. I shivered and lay there with my blue eyes growing wet. I was flushed with humiliation, my degradation acute and utterly complete. Almost.

"Come on. You know what to do," Stacy urged me gently. She was waiting for me, kneeling expectantly on the bed and my surrender was total. "Yeah, clean my cock nice, faggot. Fuck, you're sweet."

I'd gotten on my hands and knees, on the nasty puddle the bed had become, licking the length of Stacy's dirty cock slowly. I kissed it all over, even took it into my mouth and suckled with an eagerness not entirely feigned. I tasted a violent, acrid mix of flavors and tried to forget where that prick had been and what Stacy had been doing with it. I washed her cock with my mouth for five minutes, until it began to show signs of getting hard for what would have been the fifth time that long night and early morning, but thankfully Stacy didn't seem to have quite that much stamina.

"My balls too, cocksucker," she said and I did it. I dropped my mouth low, turning my head so I could take her heavy ball sack between my lips. I washed Stacy testicles carefully, worshipping the heavy orbs with my tongue until at last she seemed satisfied.

"That was a lot of fun, pussy," Stacy said, kissing me one last time on the top of my head. "I'll see you at school on Monday."

She got off the bed and started retrieving her thong and the lycra mini-dress she'd worn the night before, leaving me to lay there, red faced and crying, smelling of piss and sex. Stained with it now. The others had left already, before we'd finished our fuck, and I had no idea how I was supposed to face any of them again. How could I go to back to that school, knowing about Stacy and Veronica and Heather, knowing why those white boys followed them around like puppies.

I didn't want to move from that place. I realized I was holding my cock in my fist. It had grown hard again while I'd mouthed Stacy's dirty cock and balls and I'd started jerking off as I lay there in her cooling piss. In the cum that continued to spill out of my bruised and well-fucked ass. I stroked my penis slowly, already on the verge of another orgasm, remembering all too well how it had felt being fucked by Stacy's big, black cock.

"You okay?" Dave asked me from the open doorway and I blinked at him, frozen with my hand around my dick and lying on that stinking bed.

"Yeah, but ... Stacy made me ... do things," I answered weakly and he smiled.

"You're in the club now," he told me. "Better get used to it."

"What club?"

"I don't know. The black cock fan club," he laughed. "There ain't any name for it, but you're in it. Get dressed and I'll give you a ride home."

I wasn't sure what my friend was talking about, but he was right ... I was deep in it now and Stacy wasn't ever going to let me go.
Chapter 2 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 2
Chapter 1 Mail Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: 9/9/2009, 3:13:54 AM

I had a girlfriend now. One of the hottest chicks in school, without a doubt. Stacy was a cheerleader, tall and slender the way a 17-year-old high school girl should be, with long, brown legs, a perfectly round butt, and unbelievably perfect tits. She could have been a model with her caramel eyes, high cheeks and generous smile, and every guy in school lusted after Stacy, believe me.

When the word got out that she'd chosen me to be her boyfriend, I became the instant envy of not only my classmates, but even some of the teachers as well. Like Mr. Holden, my math teacher, who gave me a small grin and a shake of his head. He seemed like an okay man, but being rather large and rather black, I worried at first that he might have been a little concerned about a black girl dating a white boy.

"So Matthew, I heard a rumor that you're Stacy's new boyfriend," he said, stopping me after class early on Monday morning.

"Yeah, I guess ... Um ... Yes sir," I swallowed hard because I honestly hadn't expected the news to get around so quickly.

"Hmph," he looked me up and down as I stood there nervously, not quite sure what he wanted. Mr. Holden didn't look exactly happy though, but not angry either and I fidgeted beneath his deliberate gaze.

"Is that ... okay?" I asked, which sounds like a dumb thing to say, but I felt like I stood in front of Stacy's dad or something. I mean, he just had that look and being a teacher, Mr. Holden was something of an authority figure anyway.

"Doesn't bother me," he said, relaxing with a deep chuckle. "I suppose I'll be seeing a lot more of you from now on."

"You will?" I smiled at that, but I had no idea what the man meant.

"Get to your next class," he said, dismissing me with a wave of his hand as his next batch of students began filing slowly into the classroom.

"Yes sir," I nodded quickly, slipping into the hallway amidst whispers and curious looks from the other kids.

By the end of second period, it seemed everyone knew Stacy had picked me to be her boyfriend and I wasn't exactly sure how to feel about that. I'd suffered all weekend, wrestling with my shame and guilt over what she'd done to me Friday night. I'd been torn between desire for the beautiful girl and a deep sense of humiliation at the knowledge that Stacy wasn't really a girl at all.

The gorgeous, black cheerleader had a big cock and sperm filled balls, and she'd made me suck her off before raping my virgin ass. I hadn't told my parents and I'd avoided them as much as I could, which wasn't hard since they sort of expected it from their sixteen-year-old son. I just couldn't face them, especially my dad, not after what I'd done with Stacy. She'd turned me into a fag, a cocksucking pussy, and the worst part was how much I'd enjoyed it. My butt was sore, yeah, but that pain had been nothing compared to the suffering of my ego and self-esteem.

Stacy had broken me and I'd surrendered completely, to the point where I'd cum while she'd fucked me. I'd kissed her sweet mouth and thrust my ass against her fat cock like a slut. I'd fallen in love with her completely, but still I ached with guilt. I burned with shame. I felt ripped apart as the person I'd always imagined myself to be warred with ... and lost ... to the person Stacy wanted me to be. I'd accepted the fact that I was a fag, a cocksucking homo who worshipped Stacy's hard cock and cum-filled balls at her command. Now I just had to find some way to live with it.

My greatest fear had been that everyone would know. That Stacy's secret wasn't really a secret at all and every kid in school knew she had a cock. They'd know I had to be a faggot then, if we were going out, and the idea terrified me. I'd almost stayed home that morning and I'd complained of not feeling well to my mom, but she'd packed me off to school anyway. I hadn't tried very hard though, I have to admit, because my fear was tempered with the almost overwhelming desire to see Stacy again. I couldn't help it; I loved her.

Back up for a second...

"What do you mean, nobody knows?" I asked Dave as he drove us to school. He had a car and I only wanted one, much like our two friends, Josh and Kyle, who were in the backseat.

They were white, like me, and some of the most attractive boys in school. We all were, the seven of us, one each for Stacy and her six friends. Veronica had picked Dave, I knew that much from seeing them together at the party. Heather's boyfriend was Kevin and the others were paired up as well. Josh with Wendy, Brad with Rita, Kyle with Paula, and Jimmy with Karen. All of those girls were black, beautiful cheerleaders and all of us were cute, white boys who obeyed their every command. It really did seem like being in a club, sorta, and now I was learning the rules.

"How can nobody know what they are?" I repeated, half-turned in my seat to look at my three friends.

"They're fuckin' hot, for one thing!" Josh snorted. "Unless they want to show off, who can tell?"

"Show off!" Kyle laughed and then nodded at me. "You didn't have a clue. What makes you think anyone else does?"

"I dunno," I frowned. "But ... the other girls, they must know something. Right?"

"Nobody knows," Dave said. "Just us and maybe a couple others."

"Others?" I asked. "Like who?"

"Some of the teachers know," Josh told me. "But they won't say anything."

"Why not?" I wondered, but the guys just shrugged and I figured they probably didn't know as much as they thought they did.

"All you have to do is just be cool," Kyle said. "Think about how lucky you are."

"Lucky?" I rolled my eyes at that.

"Stacy could have any guy she wanted," Josh agreed. "She's so fuckin' hot, I got a boner just thinking about her!"

"Me too!" Dave chuckled, reaching for his crotch and rubbing an obvious bulge while he drove. "Stacy! She's got the biggest dick in school too."

"Yeah," Kyle sighed. "I love her cock. I bet Mattie does too, eh?"

"What?" I blinked at him and the guys were grinning at me.

"Don't be shy," Dave said. "We all love black cock and Stacy's got a beautiful dick."

"They're all beautiful," Josh decided. "Wendy's got seven inches and she's always hard as a rock."

"Not like Paula's though," Kyle chuckled. "She's got a nice fat cock and balls that don't quit. I swear, that chick must have cum like ten times this weekend."

"That's all?" Dave grinned at his friend's reflection in the rear-view mirror. "Heather cums ten times a day!"

"Shut the fuck up!" Josh laughed. "Don't listen to him, Mattie. Dave's full of shit."

"How many times did Stacy cum?" Kyle asked me.

"Um..." I swallowed hard and hearing those guys talk like that about their girlfriends had made me blush, " ... four times."

"Yeah, but she can last a long time," Josh nodded. "She'll wear your ass out!"

"No doubt!" Kyle agreed. "You better get used to that, Mattie. Those chicks are horny every fuckin' minute of the day!"

"Speaking of which..." Josh looked at his watch, " ... We're gonna be late if you don't go faster, Dave."

"But it's early," I said, glancing at my own watch and we had a good twenty minutes before first bell.

"We gotta meet the girls before school," Dave said with a glance. "You don't know about that?"

"About what?" I wondered, narrowing my eyes.

"Virgin!" Josh chuckled.

"We suck them off every morning before school," Kyle explained. "And later, during lunch or whatever. Like if they want us to meet them someplace, they'll tell us."

"Tell us?" I tried to understand what he was telling me.

"They own you now," Dave said with a smile. "Get used to it, Mattie. Whatever Stacy wants? She's gonna get and all you have to do is like it."

"Don't worry," Kyle assured me. They're not gonna out you or anything."

"Out me?" I had no idea what that meant.

"Like Stacy's gonna be the perfect girlfriend in front of other people," Josh nodded. "They all are, but the rest of the time..."

"You're going to love it," Kyle said with a grin. "Just don't piss her off."

"Definitely don't do that," Dave agreed. "You make one mad and we all get punished for it."

"Punished?" I swallowed hard.

"And keep your ass clean," Josh told me seriously. "Maybe you like the flavor, but the rest of us don't."

"But why would you..." I started asking and Dave cut me off.

"Because they all share," he said. "You're Stacy's bitch now, but they all swap with each other."

"All the time," Kyle said. "So an hour after boning your skinny ass, Stacy could be shoving her fat prick down my throat, see?"

"So keep that fag pussy of yours clean," Josh repeated, not in a real friendly way either. He was serious.

"Alright," I muttered, feeling completely embarrassed and confused and nervous. These guys were talking like everything was normal, like hot girls with huge cocks were a dime a dozen or something.

"He'll be okay," Dave promised his friend and glanced at me. "Did you lube your ass?"

"What?" I blinked at him.

"Lube," he repeated. "You know, something to make it easier?"

"Uhhh ... no," I answered slowly.

"I got some you can use," he told me. "Every morning after you wash your cunt, lube it up."

"My cunt?" I stared at him.

"Your ass?" he said with a grin. "That cock hungry hole between your legs?"

"Oh," I looked down, blushing furiously.

"Brad likes to use a tampon," Kyle told me.

"So does Kevin," Josh said and answered my questioning look. "They soak a tampon in KY or whatever and wear them all day."

"Brad said it works pretty good," Dave shrugged.

"Yeah," Kyle laughed. "As long as you pull it out before one of the girls jams eight inches of hard, black dick up there!"

"What?" I made a face, thinking this had to be the weirdest conversation ever.

"Brad had to see a doctor," Kyle explained. "Heather didn't know he had a tampon in his pussy..."

"Or so she said," Josh giggled.

" ... and fucked it into his colon or something," Kyle continued. "So this emergency room doctor had to pull a cum soaked wad of tampon out of his ass."

"Really?" I almost smiled, but I thought maybe they were just messing with me.

"That's not the best part though," Dave said with a grin.

"Yeah! After pulling the tampon out, the doctor fucked him too!" Kyle laughed. "What a fag!"

We found our girlfriends, if you could call them that, waiting for us in the girls' locker room. I had no idea what to expect, and being new to the school, I hadn't even been sure where my friends were leading me until we'd arrived.

"Get in here, faggot!" Stacy frowned as the guys pushed me into the locker room and all four of use were getting dirty looks.

"You're late, pussy!" Veronica said to Dave, slapping her long black cock against Brad's cheek while he sucked Rita's fat prick between his lips.

Kevin was on his knees as well, choking down Heather's black tool while he jerked Wendy off with his left hand.

"Over here, cocksucker!" Wendy said with a derisive snort and Josh looked immediately contrite as he hurried over to kneel at the cheerleader's feet.

Dave had gone to Veronica, of course, and lost no time in pressing his mouth against the girl's crotch, kissing noisily at her low hanging balls while her heavy cock slid over his upturned and adoring face. Kyle practically ran to his girlfriend, the amazingly cute Paula. She'd been sharing Jimmy's mouth with Karen and the petite sophomore pulled her prick from one boy's hard sucking mouth only to push it quickly into another's. I blinked as Kyle took every inch of her glistening black prick, like six or seven rock hard inches suddenly making my friend's pale throat bulge outward with the effort of being stretched.

I didn't stare for long though, Stacy had been getting a hand job from a very busy Brad and my new girlfriend didn't look too happy about it. Seven black cheerleaders and only three white boys to keep them happy wasn't a recipe for love! Stacy pushed me to my knees and immediately started slapping my flushed face with her huge cock.

"I expect you to drain my balls every morning before school," Stacy told me. "Understand, faggot?"

"Yessss..." I hissed, wanting to look down and turn my face away from her swollen cock. Stacy used it like a hot, fleshy club to smack my cheeks and lips, holding my hair in her left fist so I couldn't avoid her angry stare.

"Then what are you waiting for?" she demanded, shoving the smooth glans of her prick into my unprepared mouth. "Start sucking, bitch!"

The otherwise empty locker room echoed with the sounds of seven white boys sucking seven hard, black cocks. They had us on our knees, these beautiful, black cheerleaders, with their golden skirts pulled up around their thin waists, their hands on our heads, sharing grins and giggles and lewd comments about our skills. The other boys were much more experienced than I was, of course, and they went at their task with an enthusiasm I didn't completely share. All I could think about was what would happen if someone came in suddenly and caught us.

The door wasn't locked and it was Monday morning, fifteen minutes before first bell and homeroom. The school would be filling with teachers and students, and any one of them could come into the locker room and catch us. Catch me, kneeling on the cold tiles with my hands on Stacy's firm, smooth thighs and her erection thrusting between my stretched lips as I struggled not to choke and gag with every lunge of her prick for the confines of my virgin throat.

"Open up, cocksucker," she whispered in her amazingly soft, sexy voice. "All of it ... Every inch, faggot ... Love my cock for me."

I had no idea how to deepthroat a penis, especially one as long and thick as Stacy's! It seemed too big for me, there just wasn't enough room for her cock to fit, but I tried. I had no choice and I felt the entrance to my throat being bruised and battered as she'd pull my mouth down on her stiff cock over and over. I coughed and gagged on it, fighting to swallow spit and precum as some of it would leak from the corners of my mouth and run down my chin and neck. My lips felt swollen as well, sliding back and forth along Stacy's silky black shaft and the rock hard muscle beneath.

"Ummph!" I suddenly swallowed at just the wrong time, or maybe the perfect time as Stacy's dick caught my open throat and miraculously slid five or six inches deeper all at once.

"Ohhh!" Stacy giggled, arching her back and pulling my warm face against her sweet, soft skin. "I knew you loved me!"

I couldn't breathe, let alone reply to that! My nose was flattened against the fatty swell just above her cock and the girl's heavy balls were riding my chin. I'd taken all of her, a solid eight inches of throbbing cock meat, and my throat burned as the tender muscles were stretched uncomfortably around her. I kept trying to swallow, as if in reflex or instinctively perhaps, and my throat clasped itself around Stacy's prick with hungry spasms that made her moan with pleasure.

She held me like that for half a minute probably, although it seemed much longer as my lungs labored for air they couldn't find and my heart rushed with my growing panic. I slapped Stacy's thighs with my fingertips, feeling my eyes growing wet with tears. It isn't easy deepthroating a huge, black cock! But I'd done it and a moment later, after Stacy had relaxed her grip and let me pull my mouth off her wet, pre-cum drooling cock, I actually felt a little proud. I glanced around me as if expecting applause and congratulations, but everyone else was too busy to notice my amazing feat.

Heather sat on one of the long benches with Kevin on his knees between her spread thighs. She looked incredibly hot and probably the least "black" out of all of the girls. Heather had brown hair, very fine and worn in a French curl around her shoulders. Her skin looked like a dark all-over tan, and she had arresting grey-blue eyes and a sweet, angelic smile that could make a man's knees buckle. She also had a very respectable cock, perhaps the smallest among all the cheerleaders, I wasn't sure, but still longer and thicker than mine! None of those girls had puny dicks or weak balls!

Kevin was all over it too, bobbing his handsome face up and down while Heather held his long, dark hair out of the way. All of us boys were handsome, or even pretty in some cases. Kevin had a masculine face and a strong, broad shouldered body that looked like it should be on a football field. He didn't look like a cocksucking fag, that was for sure, but there the eighteen-year-old senior was, eating Heather's cock like he couldn't get enough of the girl.

Veronica sat on one of the benches as well, and her boyfriend was Dave, as I've mentioned. He was seventeen and a junior like me and he was one of the pretty boys. He had a slender body and longish brown hair parted down the middle and feathered back from his high forehead. He didn't look like a girl, but he had pretty green eyes and pouting red lips, and right then Dave had them wrapped lovingly around Veronica's eight inch prick.

She was fine as hell too! Veronica! Jesus! Like a black Barbie doll, tall and perfectly proportioned with a thick cascade of black hair that seemed to be in a permanent bed head style or something. She looked careless and wild, like an African gypsy, and I loved her soft, full lips and coffee colored eyes. She had a sweet, high pitched voice too, with something like a Southern accent it seemed to me, and I loved her breathless laughter as she stroked her boyfriend's face and watched him service her beautiful cock.

"Keep sucking, pussy," Stacy grabbed my attention as she turned my face back to her erection and pushed it between my lips once more. "Just suck the head and jerk me off, we don't have much time."

So that's what I did, washing the smooth glans of her cock while I stroked the shaft with my right hand and cradled her balls with the left. I couldn't believe how thick she was! Seriously, that girl had a fat dick and somehow I'd taken it into my throat. I wanted to do it again, despite the discomfort and even the shame that my admission brought. I couldn't help it though, all around me a half-dozen other white boys were sucking their black girlfriends off. The sight and sound of them, even the smell of our combined arousal conspired to fill me with desire.

I swallowed spit and precum eagerly, filling my tummy with the thin fluids while I worked Stacy's cock for something thicker to sate my perverse appetite. I wanted her to cum, I realized, like nothing else in the world mattered. She stroked my hair and whispered soft words of encouragement, telling me how she liked the way I rolled her sperm-filled balls with my fingers. She told me to stroke her faster, to work the juices overflowing my sucking mouth over her black skin. Her cock glistened and jerked beneath my attentions and after five minutes, as my tongue seemed ready to give out with the effort of washing her cockhead, Stacy told me she was about to cum.

"Ah! Fuck ... Eat it, you faggot! Eat my cum, bitch!" she gasped, curling her fingers in my hair and pushing her dick several inches deeper into my mouth.

Stacy's cock seemed to swell even larger as it suddenly pulsed and a flood of hot, salty semen rushed across my tongue. I swallowed hard and fast, choking her sweet ball cream down as quickly as I could, but there was just too much of it. Stacy had a lot of cum and it over-filled my mouth, spilling around her cock as she started fucking my face with it. The taste didn't surprise me and didn't bother me either, I kind of enjoyed the strange musky-sweet flavor. The texture though, I had to struggle with that as her semen was thick and gooey, like taking a mouthful of snot and swallowing it down. But even that wouldn't be so bad, I thought, once I got used to it and I had very little doubt Stacy would make certain that I did.

"You're so sweet, Mattie," Stacy smiled at me after her orgasm had finished, watching as I licked the remains from her semi-hard cock. "Make sure my balls are clean too, baby."

"I will," I agreed, smiling up at her and those were really the first tender words she'd ever spoken to me.

"I shouldn't have been mad," she sighed apologetically. "But I was so full of cum, darling. I just couldn't help it."

"It's alright," I said softly, feeling almost shy beneath her happy smile and gentle eyes. She'd called me darling! And I loved the way her hands touched me, stroking my hair and comforting me.

"Fix my panties for me," she giggled lightly. "You have to learn how to take care of a real cock now."

"Yeah," I nodded, pulling Stacy's lacy white thong into place and carefully tucking her flaccid penis inside the too small pouch.

"Give it a kiss goodbye," she said, nodding as I kissed her bulge and then smoothed her pleated cheer skirt into place. "That's it ... Come here ... Stand up. Oh! You're a messy cocksucker!"

"Ummm..." I blushed as Stacy scooped a glob of cum from my cheek and then opened my mouth for her finger, sucking it clean as she slid it back and forth between my tight lips.

"You're my boyfriend now," she told me, using her finger to gather more wayward semen from my face and feed it to me. "Everyone's going to know and I want you to be a good one."

"Umm-hmmm..." I nodded eagerly, enjoying her smile.

"So do all the stuff a boyfriend does," Stacy explained. "Carry my books, hold the doors, laugh at my jokes..." she giggled, " ... you know how to do it, right?"

"Hmmm..." I agreed, sucking her finger and feeling my own small, white prick aching in my pants. Fuck! She was sexy as hell!

"And nobody will know you're a cocksucker," she said. "It'll be our secret and nobody business. Right?"

"Yeah," I breathed, licking my lips.

"And when we're alone..." she arched her thin eyebrows playfully, " ... I'll give you all the black dick you can handle."

"Alright," I said, wincing only slightly as I felt a pang of guilty humiliation down in my gut.

"You're my little white cockslut now, Mattie," Stacy said, her lilting voice taking on a sharp edge. "You don't want to forget that."

"I won't," I promised with a hard swallow, still tasting her cum and feeling it warm in my tummy.

"So I don't want to see you fucking around with any of those white cunts out there," she said. "A faggot like you doesn't need a cunt, just a hard, black cock."

"Yeah," I nodded quickly, looking down as my humiliation grew. My face reddened and my dick still throbbed and my feelings for Stacy and what she was saying only confused me even more.

Around us, the other girls had cum as well, emptying their balls into their boyfriends' hungry, sucking mouths. I still couldn't believe we'd actually gotten away with this, but nobody else seemed to think there was anything strange about having a small orgy of sorts in the girls' locker room just before school. I still had a lot to learn, I realized, and Stacy understood that. I hoped. She seemed to be patient anyway and I felt a warm wave of pleasure wash over me as she took me in her arms for a deep, passionate kiss.

Her tongue slipped into my mouth and my hands went to her back and down, squeezing her wonderfully pert ass through her skirt while we made out. Stacy kissed me like a regular girl too. I mean, she was soft and warm, her tongue fluttering lightly around mine, and her hands played with my hair and scratched lightly at my neck. Stacy's firm tits pressed against my chest and my swollen penis rubbed against her hip and the top of her thigh as I felt my urgency grow.

"You're excited, huh?" she giggled, breaking our kiss and reaching down to give the lump in my pants a squeeze.

"I can't help it," I whispered. "You're so beautiful."

"Lunchtime," she said with a scrunch of her pert brown nose. "Meet me at the girls' bathroom upstairs."

"The girls' bathroom?" I blinked at her.

"I'll let you cum..." Stacy nodded, laughing at the look of excitement on my face before adding, " ... maybe. If you're a good little pussy and don't keep me waiting again."

"I won't," I promised her. "I'll, um ... I'll be there."

"I know you will," she giggled and we had time for one more serious kiss before the bell rang.

And so, like I said, very quickly that Monday morning the entire school knew that the hottest black girl in school had a white boyfriend. I would have felt like the king of the mountain, except for the fact that I kept burping. The distinctive taste of Stacy's spermy semen never left me and my stomach roiled with the big load of ball juice I'd swallowed. I wondered how many of my classmates, the other boys who gave me such envious looks and congratulated my good luck, would have felt the same if they knew my girlfriend's secret.

Probably not very many of them, I thought, but at the same time I realized my own attitude was changed completely. I still wrestled with my shame and guilt, but my heart swelled with something else. I loved Stacy and servicing her swollen black cock seemed a small price to pay in return for her warm gaze and gentle smile. I longed to please her and I wasn't exactly sure why, I only knew it to be true. That's why I met her at the second floor girls' bathroom for lunch, despite my wounded conscience and injured ego. I wasn't sure what she'd want from me, but did it really matter? Not so much that I didn't hurry, taking the steps two at a time as my heart seemed ready to burst with anticipation.

"Hey, Mattie," Stacy smiled at me, leaning against the wall and looking every bit the innocent, seventeen-year-old black girl she pretended to be.

"Hi Stacy," I answered, trying to sound calm and cool in front of the dozen student who happened to be nearby.

"Hi Matt ... Hey Matt..." a couple white girls smiled at me, two more cheerleaders that Stacy had been talking with. They were decidedly cute, one of them with wavy black hair and incredibly pale skin. Her name was Julie and she reminded me of Snow White. The other was a blonde, smaller and blessed with a part of huge tits, like double D cups or something, although I wouldn't know a girl's bra size if it hit me on the head. Let's just say Jennifer had the biggest tits in school and leave it at that. They sorta stopped me in my tracks for a second and Jen smiled, knowing all too well what I was staring at. She could be a real tease. I'd figured that much out after only a week of school, believe me.

"Come here, boyfriend," Stacy breathed, tugging me by my shirt and stealing all my attention. "I missed you!"

"Ohhh..." I smiled and glanced at the other two girls nervously, but then Stacy kissed me so sweetly it took my breath away.

"He's definitely cute," Julie decided, smiling at Stacy.

"Definitely," Jennifer agreed. "Come on, let's go eat."

"You guys go ahead," Stacy giggled. "We've got better things to do. Don't we, Mattie?"

"Um, yeah..." I nodded, licking my lips and nodding happily.

"You're so bad!" Julie laughed. "Have fun!"

"Don't get caught!" Jennifer warned us with a soft laugh of her own, shaking her head as Stacy pulled me into the girls' bathroom.

The bathroom seemed to be empty, but even so I felt very nervous being in there. Stacy wouldn't get in trouble, but if I got caught...

"I can't be in here!" I protested, but Stacy held my hand and gave me another tug, dragging me towards the row of stalls.

"Shhhh ... This one!" she decided, pushing open a stall door and shoving me inside.

"Stacy!" I blinked and smiled, feeling that confusion of fear and excitement I'd almost come to expect from being with her.

"Shut-up, pussy!" she frowned and slapped my face, and my happiness died beneath an explosion of regret.

The slap didn't really hurt physically, but emotionally it devastated me. I'd made Stacy angry and I felt my face redden and my eyes growing damp as I blinked at her.

"When I tell you to do something, you do it," she said, grabbing my jaw in her small brown hand and squeezing my cheeks inward painfully with her fingers and thumb.

"Uh-huh," I agreed instantly.

"You're my faggot. Understand?" Stacy stared into my eyes as I nodded. "If I ever see you drooling over those white cunts again, I'll cut off your balls!"

"But ... I wasn't..." I tried protesting and that just made her frown, so I stopped.

"Turn around," she told me, releasing my face and spinning me by the shoulders as I stumbled on my own clumsy feet. "Pull down your pants, faggot. I want some of that tight pussy for lunch."

"Wha..." I burned with humiliation as I faced the toilet and the stainless piping mounted to the smooth, baby blue painted wall.

"Hurry up, get your pants down," she repeated, taking her purse off her shoulder and opening it. "I brought you a little present."

Stacy had a large purse. Some girls liked smaller ones, but Stacy liked her big, black leather shoulder bag and she dug through it as I undid my belt and unsnapped my jeans. I felt a certain reluctance, as you can well imagine. My butt was still sore three days after Stacy had taken my virginity and I really wasn't that anxious to get ass fucked again by her huge cock. I did want to see her happy though, seriously, and nothing could ever be simple with Stacy. Every pleasure came with pain, every joy with fear, it seemed, and in truth I'd started finding it difficult to tell the two apart.

"Here!" she giggled as I glanced over my shoulder. "This should make it better for you, huh?"

"What's that?" I asked with a bare whisper, staring at a big, black dildo.

She held a realistic cock that had to be about as large as Stacy's, or perhaps even a bit bigger. Like nine inches long and textured with veins and ending with a bulbous head that looked very much like the real deal. The bottom had a large, round suction cup thing and Stacy offered it to me.

"Lick, faggot!" she commanded and I swallowed hard, licking the suction cup until Stacy nodded with satisfaction.

THWUP!

"I know a faggot like you wants a cock in his mouth while he gets fucked," she giggled, slapping the bottom of the dildo against the wall in front of me.

"Thank you," I said with a burst of inspiration, not because I felt grateful though ... I didn't. I felt humiliated beyond words, but I knew Stacy would like it and I'd become desperate to make her happy again.

"You're welcome, Mattie!" she sighed, sounding both pleased and surprised. "I'm glad you like it. Now ... Wrap your lips around that cock and give me some of that white pussy of yours..."

I'd never seen a glory hole, but in retrospect that's what that dildo looked like: A hard, black cock jutting through a hole in the wall. Stacy had put it at the perfect height as she pushed me over the toilet. I braced myself with my hands on the cold toilet seat, opened my mouth and closed my eyes, scarcely believing I could actually be doing this in the middle of school. I felt almost sick to my stomach with fear and shame, bent over with my mouth filled by a black dildo and Stacy rubbing her already thick erection against my vulnerable asshole.

"No lube?" she tsked me with a giggle. "You still have a lot to learn, faggot ... Ugh!"

"Umph!" I gasped around the firm cock stretching my lips as Stacy's pushed her cockhead past my protesting sphincter with one quick thrust of her hips.

The pain was sharp and immediate and I couldn't help but try to escape it. Unfortunately for me, I had no place to go! The stall was hardly roomy and Stacy had me cornered, hunched over and helpless as she held my hips tightly with her strong fingers digging into my flesh. Her first lunge had driven me forward and that dildo had suddenly jabbed against the back of my mouth, making me gag and choke as well, the muffled noises making Stacy laugh lightly as she pushed again, stabbing another inch and then two inside my hot, clasping rectum.

"Oh! Fuck!" she sighed, rolling her hips and pausing to enjoy the sensation of my asshole wrapped around her cock. "I love your pussy! Love ... Ugh! ... Your ... Ugh! ... Cunt!"

She thrust again and again, grunting with the effort of forcing more and more of her impossibly hard cock inside my resisting body. My ass burned, not with a sharp pain, but with a dull throbbing ache. Her cock felt blunt and large as a baseball bat, although it plainly wasn't nearly that big. It felt like it though, believe me, and all I could do was take it.

The cock in my mouth proved an effective gag as it muffled my moans, groans, and gasps. My eyes filled with tears and my entire body became flushed and damp with sweat. Stacy took me an inch at a time until I'd once again taken all of her prick inside my too small ass. I could feel the soft muscles screaming as they tried to force her back out, but that would be completely futile. Stacy had eight fat inches of shemale cock buried in my rectum and all my efforts to expel her just made it better for the girl.

"Christ, Mattie!" she giggled breathlessly. "You've got the tightest pussy I've ever fucked!"

"Mmpph!" I moaned around the fat dildo in my mouth, fighting to breath through my stuffy nose and staring at nothing but the blank wall inches from my red face.

She started fucking me after a minute spent catching her breath, and Stacy liked a slow, gentle pace at first. She pulled her cock back until just the head remained in my rectum, and then pushed herself back inside until I felt her low hanging balls against my own smaller, shriveled sack. Being dry fucked hurt a lot in the beginning, but after a few minutes the pain felt more like a cramp than anything else and Stacy's dick had started leaking precum and probably that helped as well.

"Come on, faggot!" she slapped my butt. "Fuck me! Move your ass! Fuck my cock, bitch!"

I hadn't been moving at all, but at Stacy's insistence I began to push myself back, riding her huge black cock like the faggot slut she wanted me to be. I found that it helped too, for some strange reason. Moving my body against her forced me to relax and breathe a little more normally and that, I quickly learned, is the secret to enjoying a long, hard butt fuck! Breathing properly makes all the difference and after just a minute or two I found myself enjoying the sensation of Stacy's prick sliding in and out of my ass. Her cockhead would find my prostate gland and send electric jolts of pleasure up my spine, driving me to fuck her even harder.

My mouth slid up and down the cock in front of me as I fucked Stacy's dick, rolling my ass around like I was screwing my anus onto her prick. She moved faster as well, thrusting forward to meet me with the soft, sexy slapping of flesh on flesh. The steady fwap-wap-wapping of her thighs and pelvis meeting my ass. Her cum filled balls swung like a black, silken pendulum to slap my own and I could feel her testicles so much larger and heavier as they bruised my puny white orbs. My flaccid cock drooled precum in long, silvery strands and even though I wasn't erect, my arousal became acute. I begged her to fuck me harder with muffled moans and deep gasps when she'd fuck her way into my bowels and caress my prostate.

We were fucking! God! I could have cum, I thought. Even with my little penis all soft and flopping around between my spread legs like a pale worm, Stacy was going to make me cum. My ass no longer burned with pain, but with the warmth of pure desire. I wanted her to cum inside me. I longed to feel her hot jism flooding my asshole and I worked my butt around her cock relentlessly, determined to be the best fuck Stacy had ever had in her life. I wanted her to love fucking me. I wanted her to dream of nothing else, but shoving her cock inside my pussy and owning my sexy white ass. I wanted...

"Shhh..." Stacy froze as we heard the door open and several pairs of footsteps clicking on the bathroom's tiled floor.

" ... and then he told me he had a vasectomy!" one of the girls said with a giggle.

"Yeah right!" the other one laughed as well. "He's so full of it. I can't believe I let him fuck me!"

"Me neither!" the first one sighed as she took the stall to our left.

"If he didn't have such a big dick, he'd be a total waste," the second girl said as she took the stall to our right.

I held my breath, sucking on that black dildo with Stacy's throbbing cock buried balls deep in my ass. All those girls had to do was look down and they'd see our feet. My pants down around my ankles, facing the toilet and the wall; Stacy's pink Skechers and her ankle socks pointed in the same direction. It would be obvious what we were doing, except strange and confusing because I should have been behind Stacy, you know? I prayed those girls wouldn't notice and a surge of panic threatened to consume me.

All I could imagine was one of them getting curious enough to stand on the toilet and look over the partition. Stacy's secret wouldn't be a secret very long if that happened! Everyone would know she had a cock and then everyone would know I was her cocksucking, butt fucking, faggot boyfriend. My life would be over! And I had a black dildo stretching my lips? I wanted to pull away from it. I wanted to get away from Stacy. I wanted to get away from the girls' bathroom and somehow sneak out without getting caught! But Stacy wasn't about to let me go.

She stroked my back and her cock seemed hard as ever, stuffed inside my rectum, stretching my tender asshole around the length of her steely shaft. I could feel my butt spasm, the muscles contracting despite my nervous fear, massaging Stacy's prick like a hungry mouth sucking at her fuck meat. That must have felt good because even as we listened to those two anonymous girls piss on either side of us, Stacy started sliding her cock slowly back and forth. She was fucking me! With two girls less than three feet away, separated only by some thin walls of cheap pressboard, Stacy wanted to fuck and whatever she wanted, she got!

I remained as still as possible the whole time, fighting the grunts and groans that her prick forced upon me. My body quivered around her, my asshole tight and clasping, squeezing her prick lovingly as she held my hips and fucked me. The sensation was incredible, the emotional experience beyond anything imaginable. The fear of getting caught only heightened our pleasure. Her cock felt amazing, my body trembled and my heart seemed ready to burst with the effort of remaining still against all reason. I wanted to push myself back and fuck that beautiful cock violently. I wanted to cum and feel Stacy cum, and do it while those girls pissed happily away, oblivious to the perverted sex happening between them.

"Uhhhm..." Stacy barely whispered and perhaps I only imagined it, but I didn't imagine the sudden flood of hot cum spraying into my bowels!

Stacy was cumming, holding her cock as deeply inside my well-fucked hole as she could get it. Her balls moved against mine, lifting slightly with every rapid spurt of semen, and I could actually feel her scrotum teasing my own. I felt her cock throbbing quickly, jerking against the tight confines of my asshole as I squeezed my ass and tightened my gut, wanting to milk Stacy's balls for every drop she could give me. The distinct and greasy sensation of having my asshole filled with cum made me shiver with pleasure. There's no other feeling like it in the world. I felt dirty inside, but sexy somehow as well, knowing I'd made her cum. I'd fucked her gorgeous black prick and brought Stacy off in my faggot pussy.

She didn't have to tell me, I knew what I was. A fuckhole for big, black cock. Stacy's faggot boyfriend, her cocksucking bitch, and right then as I took her load of hot ball cream deep in my belly, I didn't mind at all. My own little dickie wasn't even hard, but I still dripped fuck juice like a little girl. Stacy had me so excited, I felt dizzy and insane. I must have been crazy, I thought as I ran my tongue around the fake black prick in my mouth and waited for those two girls to finish their piss and leave us alone.

As soon as they were gone, Stacy pulled her cock out of my tender ass with a happy sigh and a satisfied smile.

"Turn around, faggot..." she told me unnecessarily; I knew what to do.

"Yeah," I breathed, dropping quickly to my knees and taking her still swollen prick into my mouth.

"Hmmm ... That was a good fuck," she whispered, stroking my head while I licked my asshole off her cock. "You liked it too, didn't you, pussy?"

"Mmph hmmph..." I nodded, giving her my shining blue eyes as I nursed on her salty prick.

Stacy's cock was covered with fuck slime and the taste was strong and bitter, but I swallowed eagerly and washed every inch of her glistening black meat with my tongue. I washed her balls as well, getting my face between her thighs and licking them before taking her generous orbs between my lips gently, suckling them like a baby one at a time. She let me do that for several minutes before pushing my head reluctantly away from her.

"Clean my ass too," she told me and this was new, but I didn't hesitate as the girl bent over at the waist, presenting me with her perfect brown butt.

I used my hands to pull her cheeks apart and wormed my tongue against the dark, puckered sphincter of her anus. I licked and kissed her with more passion than skill, but Stacy didn't seem to mind. Her soft scrotum dangled over my chin and her semi-hard cock jutted forward between her smooth brown thighs, but all I cared about was eating Stacy's asshole and working my tongue inside her sexy bottom. I managed to get the tip of my tongue past the soft, rubbery ring and she tasted sweet to me, not bitter at all, and I tongue fucked Stacy's ass the best I could, wishing there was some way I could get all the way inside, but she was too tight for that.

I ate her ass for five minutes before she decided that was enough and we had to get going before someone really did catch us anyway. I tore off some toilet paper, wadding it up and plugging my somewhat gaping asshole. Stacy had stretched me good, no doubt about that, and her cum had already started to trickle out of me. I'd be wearing her sperm the rest of the afternoon and I knew that sitting for hours at a time on my sore, well-fucked ass would be a real misery.

"Don't forget your dildo," Stacy reminded me with a smile. "You can play with it when you jerk off tonight."

"Ummm..." I stared at the long, black cock as Stacy pulled it off the wall with a rubbery pop.

"Just don't get caught with it," she giggled with a scrunch of her nose. "That might be kinda hard to explain."

"Yeah," I nodded, taking the dildo from her hands and wondering what I was supposed to do with a nine inch cock. It wasn't going to fit in my pocket, that's for sure!

"I want to come over tonight," Stacy said, interrupting my confusion and I blinked at her.

"To my house?" I asked dumbly.

"Don't you want to introduce me to your parents?" she asked sweetly and I swallowed hard.

"Yeah," I answered slowly. "I do, but..."

"After school," she told me. "Do you have a car?"

"I, um ... I ride with Dave," I told her.

"Good! Dave can give us both a ride then," she decided and then giggled again. "I can sit on your lap!"

"Okay," I agreed, having no choice in the matter.

"Now ... give me a kiss, boyfriend," she whispered, rewarding the good fuck I'd given her with a real, romantic sort of kiss that made me forget completely that Stacy wasn't a total girl.

I had to be crazy.
Chapter 3 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 3
Chapter 2 Mail Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: 9/11/2009, 3:40:49 AM

I had biology class for my last period and I was glad too. We were doing labs and I could stand up for most of it. My butt felt pretty sore and not a little squishy as the load of semen Stacy had filled me with seeped past the toilet paper I'd tried to plug it with. I could feel it staining my boxers and all I wanted to do was take a shower. Now that I'd gotten away from the girl, my lust had cooled considerably and I felt the shame and guilt of knowing I'd let another boy fuck me in the ass.

Except Stacy wasn't a boy, was she? I didn't know what to think of her to tell the truth. Stacy, my new girlfriend, was black and beautiful, utterly female in every way ... except for her huge black cock and sperm filled balls. That didn't make her a boy though, did it? I hoped not, because if it did then I really had to be a faggot. A serious cocksucking homo and that went against all my instincts, believe me. I'd never found men attractive, not at all, but Stacy ... Jesus! She had to be the most beautiful girl I'd ever seen, let alone kissed.

It was mildly confusing, to say the least!

"I heard you fucked Stacy during lunch," Bobby, my lab partner, grinned at me and I paled suddenly.

"What?" I asked, trying to keep the tremor out of my voice, but I naturally assumed he'd heard that Stacy had fucked me.

"You boned her in the girls' bathroom," he said in a low voice, nudging me with his elbow. "How was it?"

"Ummm..." I swallowed hard. "It was really, um ... great."

"Fuck!" He rolled his eyes. "I knew it! She's so hot, dude! You really fucked her?"

"Yeah," I grinned back, totally relieved that he thought Stacy was a real girl. I ignored the irony when I told him, "I fucked the shit out of her, too."

"Aw man," Bobby sighed. "I'd lick a dick just to taste her pussy."

"Oh yeah?" I must have made a funny face because Bobby laughed nervously and held up his hands.

"No! I'm just saying..." he chuckled. "I ain't no fag!"

"I know what you mean," I agreed, glancing around and I suddenly caught Rita smiling at me like she knew a secret.

Sweet, sexy Rita looked kind of Egyptian maybe, like she had caramel skin and toffee eyes, sort of almond shaped too. Her hair fell straight, around her shoulders, but got really kinky too. Brad was her boyfriend and he'd explained that Rita got her hair straightened every week, but couldn't do anything about the curling ends. That didn't matter anyway, I thought, her hair looked just as fine as the rest of her.

Rita had a hard little body, like a gymnast might have, you know? She wasn't terribly tall and her tits weren't really large, but that girl looked tight! Her legs were immaculate as well, smooth and brown and right there under her golden cheer skirt. She had a cute face with a long, narrow nose and moist, sensual lips that looked perfect for sucking and nibbling. I swear, her mouth just looked sexy, especially when she'd smile because it almost looked like a pout. Sort of a petulant smile, you could say, and completely adorable.

Nobody would guess that sixteen-year-old Rita packed a fat, seven inch cock and a pair of healthy balls that would put most grown men to shame! But I'd seen her prick swollen and angry and stretching Brad's lips wide around it. Now Rita was smiling at me and I could only imagine what the cheerleader must have been thinking and it made my already throbbing asshole pucker with dread anticipation.

I shared a couple classes with Rita, just like I shared some with Stacy and Wendy, the other two juniors. Heather and Veronica were seniors, and Paula and Karen were both sophomores, so I didn't see much of them usually. The school wasn't all that large though and all those girls were without a doubt among the hottest chicks in school, which meant that anything and everything they said and did was news. I didn't know who had let it out that Stacy and I had fucked in the bathroom, but if Bobby knew about it, everyone in school must have known.

That wasn't so bad however and I actually enjoyed my classmate's obvious envy. That was another cool thing about being Stacy's boyfriend - it suddenly made me one of the "cool" people in school. And despite the fact that I wasn't a big jock or whatever, I got a lot of attention from the other kids. A lot of smiles and greetings in the hallway, even some serious come hither looks from girls who probably figured if I was good enough for Stacy, then I had to be good enough for them. I wasn't dumb though, and I remembered all too well Stacy's threat to cut off my balls after she'd caught me staring at Jennifer's tits! I wasn't going to test my new girlfriend by fucking around behind her back, believe me!

Stacy was the perfect girlfriend as we walked together towards Dave's car. She clung to my arm like a little girl, giggling and talking non-stop about the latest school gossip while I carried her books. Everyone smiled and said hi to us like we were royalty and Stacy would smile back, maybe wave or purse her lips in a mock kiss. It was fun and strange and I'd always viewed those kind of social cliques from a distance, but now I was in one. Stacy and her friends were at the top of the food chain and the way she acted, nobody would guess her to be anything but a typical high school cheerleader.

"You two fags sit in the front," Stacy told Kyle and Josh with a jerk of her thumb. "Mattie wants to blow me on the way home."

"Awww ... Stacy," Kyle pouted with a lick of his lips and deliberate look down at her skirt. "It's a big back seat. You can sit in the middle."

"Next time," she giggled. "This pussy needs all the practice he can get."

And just like that Kyle ended up sitting on Josh's lap in the front seat so that Stacy and I could have the backseat all to ourselves.

"Kiss me first," she breathed, pulling me close and parting her lips for my eager tongue.

My hand went to her perfect tits, massaging Stacy's firm breasts through the soft knit of her cheer top, and that girl didn't bother with a bra. She sucked my tongue sweetly as Dave drove and after a few minutes Stacy took my hand and pushed it down her flat tummy to her skirt. I knew what she wanted and soon I held her growing erection in my hand, feeling it lengthen and swell as Stacy's arousal increased. I jerked her off slowly, enjoying the sensation of her soft skin moving over the straining muscle beneath.

"Go down," she breathed, pushing my head to her lap and I opened wide, taking her smooth glans into my hungry mouth.

I knew my friends were watching. Dave had already adjusted his rearview mirror at least once and Josh and Kyle were turned around in the passenger seat. I could hear them talking about me, chuckling as I struggled to take even half of Stacy's monster black cock between my lips. I cradled her heavy balls in my hand and played with them gently, teasing her with small tugs of her silky scrotum while I swirled my tongue around the head of her dick.

"Go for it, Mattie," Josh told me with a grin. "Suck her off, man!"

"You're pretty hot with a dick in your face," Kyle teased me. "How's it taste?"

"Ummph!" I wiggled my eyebrows at him, sliding my lips down another inch and wishing I could remember how to get Stacy into my throat again.

"Making my dick hard," Dave shook his head as he drove. "I wish Veronica was here."

"You can suck mine," Kyle said, squirming atop Josh as they sat together.

"Heh! You should suck him, bitch," Josh laughed, holding the sixteen-year-old boy tightly against his chest. "I've already got my dick halfway up your ass anyway."

"Sorry!" Kyle stuck out his tongue. "I only fuck black cock, but you can cum in your pants if you want."

"Hmmm..." Josh leaned close, kissing Kyle on his open mouth for a half-minute while his hands rubbed the younger boy's tits through his t-shirt.

"Fags!" Dave chuckled, rubbing the bulge in his crotch. "You're such a tease, Kyle."

For her part, Stacy sat very still and did little more than play with my blonde hair while she watched me service her black dick. Occasionally she would stroke my face with her red fingernails and whisper words of encouragement, but mostly the girl just sighed contentedly and let me suck her beautiful prick at my own pace. The wet sounds of my eager efforts filled the car and Dave turned his CD player up a little louder as the Spice Girls started singing that old song "2Become1" and he was into that sort of music and I had to admit, it did seem like the perfect soundtrack while I blew my girlfriend's fat cock.

"Mmmm ... that's it, Mattie," Stacy whispered. "Suck my cock, baby. Uhh ... Nice, use your tongue ... Like that ... Cocksucker ... My sweet faggot ... Yessss..."

With that soft hiss of approval, Stacy tightened her grip on my head and lifted her hips. She arched her back and I felt her balls pulsing under my fingers as the first jet of hot semen filled my mouth. I swallowed quickly and I really was getting better at it. I could almost keep up with her orgasm this time and only a little escaped my taut lips as I swallowed her salty load with loud, hungry gulps and low moans of pleasure. The sensation of her creamy spunk sliding down my throat seemed to warm me all over and my own small penis ached in my trousers, but I ignored it completely.

All of my attention was focused on Stacy and I held her cock firmly with my right hand, jerking her off while she came all over my tongue. I squeezed her balls too, as if I could somehow milk her for more sperm than the girl wanted to give me. I worshipped her dark prick, rubbing her cummy cockhead across my lips and slurping wetly at the clinging remains of her orgasm. Stacy didn't have to tell me how to do it, not this time. I cleaned her thoroughly, washing every drop of semen away with my tongue and then mouthing her balls just as we were pulling into my driveway.

"Good timing, Mattie!" Josh grinned at me as I lifted my flushed face and smiled with a lick of my lips.

"You're getting better, baby," Stacy whispered, pulling me up so that I could be rewarded with a soul searching kiss. "Thank you."

"Your welcome," I breathed, feeling my heart soar with Stacy's gentle praise. It seems like such a little thing, but it wasn't. She'd thanked me for sucking her cock! And it made me feel like I'd just won the lottery or something.

We kissed for several minutes while Josh and Kyle waited somewhat impatiently. They'd piled out of the front passenger seat of the old Chevy Nova so that Stacy and I could climb out of the back. It was a seriously cool car, an old muscle car that Dave and his father had restored to its former glory. Definitely not the sort of car a cocksucking fag would drive, but that's exactly what we were and all three of my friends rubbed their obvious erections as we got out. Stacy could do that to a guy and any one of them would have jumped at the chance to suck her gorgeous prick, but I'd been the one Stacy wanted and that feeling was like nothing else in the world. She made me feel special.

"So this is your room, huh?" Stacy looked around my bedroom and I shrugged. She didn't seem to be very impressed.

I guess it looked like any other teenage boy's room. Bed, bookcase, a desk with my computer on it. I had a mini-stereo and an aquarium bubbling away with a fat Oscar in it. I liked to feed him goldfish. Some posters on the wall, like Icharo and Jeter, the Swedish Bikini Team selling Lite Beer. One of my bikes was in the corner, sorta halfway taken apart with a cardboard box full of parts. Baseball glove, my hockey sticks, clothes scattered all over the place, an old Penthouse under my mattress. You know, it was my room.

"Yeah," I agreed, dumping my book bag on the floor. Stacy's too, since I'd carried it for her.

"We're gonna have to redecorate," she informed me with a giggle and I smiled at that, wondering what she meant. "Where's your dildo? We can start today."

"Uhhh ... Oh!" I swallowed hard and picked up my book bag again. There was no point in arguing, I realized.

"Yeah. Give me that," Stacy said, snatching the large, black dildo out of my hand.

"But, what are you going to do with..."

"Lick, faggot!" she commanded and I licked the suction cup at the dildo's base with my tongue.

"This goes here..." she told me, mounting the dildo on the wall just above the headboard of my bed.

"My parents though..." I swallowed hard, staring at that life-like cock as it jutted from the wall. It looked very realistic.

"They'll just have to get used to it," Stacy said, dismissing my concerns with a wave of her delicate hand. "Kiss the cock now. He's going to be your best friend from now on."

"Uh..." I blushed with humiliation as I crawled reluctantly onto my bed and kissed the cool head of that rubber phallus.

"Good boy," Stacy smiled approvingly as I knelt over my pillows. "What time do your parents get home?"

"Mom works until nine," I told her, "but my dad gets home about five, I guess."

"Good. Take off your clothes," Stacy told me. "We've got time for a quickie."

"A quickie?" I blinked at her.

"A quick fuck?" she giggled. "I like a piece of ass after school, so get used to it."

"Oh," I nodded, as if that made all the sense in the world, but I'd been sore and squishy all afternoon and all I wanted was a shower.

That wasn't going to happen though, at least not right away. We had a good hour and half before my dad showed up and Stacy had already started taking off her clothes. She pulled her top over her head, tugging her perfect black tits upward for a tantalizing moment before they fell back into place with barely a jiggle of her firm flesh. Her dark nipples were already swollen and pointing outward like bullets and I licked my lips, forgetting that Stacy wasn't a total girl. She had the most incredible body though, with her slender shoulders and flat tummy, a small waist and narrow, sexy hips that gave way to her pert, round ass and long, toned legs.

I undressed in a hurry, exposing my own thin, pale body and I knew I wasn't unattractive, but I still felt nervous about showing myself to Stacy. She'd seen me naked before, obviously, but she made me feel so completely insecure that it wasn't funny. I only wanted to please her and I was deathly afraid that she wouldn't like some part of me. A girl like her should have been going out with a football player or something. A big guy with a lot of muscles and huge cock, but I had none of that. I was small and weak and my penis had gotten hard at seeing her undress, but even so it wasn't very big at all, not compared to Stacy's thick, black organ.

"Fuck!" she smiled, looking me up and down as we both stood naked in my bedroom. "You're such a pretty, pussy."

"Am I?" I whispered, looking down and biting my bottom lip like a little girl.

"Rub your clit, faggot," Stacy ordered, stroking her rock hard prick slowly and it seemed so completely, perfectly mismatched with the rest of her.

We stood close together, just a foot apart maybe, watching each other as Stacy jerked off and I played with my aching dick. I didn't really hold it in my fist like I normally would, she didn't want that.

"I said rub it, pussy," she corrected me when I took my penis in hand and started stroking it. "A girly fag like you doesn't jack off, she jills off."

"Ummm..." I turned crimson at her words.

"Rub your clit with your fingers," she explained impatiently. "Little circles, cunt. Go on ... Jill off for me."

I did as Stacy told me, using my fingers to press down on my penis and rub it like an over-sized clitoris. My pink dick rolled around in a circle, my smallish balls were likewise pulled upward and pushed down in turn. I found myself enjoying it, but perhaps I was really enjoying the view I had of Stacy as she stood so close her nipples nearly grazed my chest. I drank in her smooth, brown body and beautiful, smiling face. I lost myself in her smile and in her warm, caramel eyes as she watched me.

And looking down ... My gaze continually fell to her turgid cock, so much longer and thicker than my own. The comparison was inevitable as her prick very nearly touched mine, the purplish glans only bare inches away from my aching clit as I rubbed myself with growing enthusiasm. I felt my orgasm growing in my belly, the one I'd been begging for since sucking Stacy's cock in the girls' locker room before school had even started. I'd been frustrated and aroused all day long, my emotions rising and falling like a yo-yo as I struggled with lust, guilt, shame, and yeah, love as well.

"Move your hand," Stacy whispered, knowing I was getting close to cumming. "I wanna fuck your clit."

She pulled me against her and I tilted my head upward for Stacy's kiss as her swollen cockhead jammed into my balls almost painfully. She filled my mouth with her tongue and I sucked on it desperately, clutching the girl with my hands around her waist. Her cock slid between my thighs so that my pink scrotum rode the shaft and my throbbing little dick pressed against her soft tummy.

Stacy pushed me backward a step and when the back of my knees found the edge of my bed, I fell onto the mattress with Stacy on top of me. She didn't stop kissing me though and I found myself trapped beneath her warm, luxurious body. Her tits flattened against my chest and her heavy, black cock moved against my much smaller penis. She fucked me that way, caressing my dick with hers while we made out with feverish passion. Stacy chewed my lips until they felt bruised and tender and I moaned breathlessly as I spread my legs for her, lifting my hips as much as I could, grinding my puny cock and balls against her steely prick.

She made me cum that way, with a gasp and shiver, and a sudden explosion of thin cum spraying across her hot flesh. Stacy let me enjoy it, kissing me all the while until my orgasm slowly died, and then she sat up on her knees with my legs straight and spread wide around her. Stacy's cock glistened with precum and semen, stained with my cum, and she took it in her hand, holding her dick near the base and rubbing it over my penis. She slapped me with it, giggling while I caught my breath and winced at the sensation of having my dick and sensitive balls beaten by a much larger cock.

"Did you have a good cum, pussy?" she asked me. "Does your little dickie like being fucked by a real cock?"

"Yesss..." I hissed between clenched teeth as she slapped my balls harder, making soft, wet smacking noises.

"Tell me..." she sang teasingly.

"I love your cock," I breathed, staring up at her as Stacy poked her cockhead into my balls, playing with them while I wriggled my hips.

"My big, black cock..."

"I love your big, black cock," I agreed with a nod of my head. "I love fucking your cock, Stacy."

"Do you want me to fuck your cunt now?" she wondered, reaching for my legs and lifting them with her hands under my knees.

"God, yeah!" I whispered, licking my lips as she put my legs over her shoulders. "But ... Wait ... Ummm..."

Stacy gave me a curious look and then giggled as I reached between my butt cheeks and found the wad of semen soaked toilet paper I'd been wearing all afternoon. I had to sort of peel it away as some of the goo had dried like paste, but most of it felt like soggy cotton.

"Put it in your mouth," she told me and I blinked at her. "Do it, faggot!"

She smiled happily as I slowly pushed the fragile mess between my lips and the texture alone almost made me sick! It had soaked up a lot of cum and the flavor was strong and bitter-sweet. Salty too and I held the slimy lump on my tongue, not even wanting to chew it and especially not wanting to swallow it by mistake! I tasted Stacy's old semen and my own sweaty asshole. Nothing could be as gross as that, I thought, sucking on a big wad of toilet paper, but if Stacy wanted me to do it...

"That's a good little, bitch," she sighed, leaning into me so that my butt rolled even higher off the bed and I tried to relax as I felt her cockhead pressing against my vulnerable sphincter.

"Ughhhm!" I winced and shut my eyes against the discomfort of having my already tender anus stretched once more around my girlfriend's cock.

"Look me, slut," Stacy whispered. "Open your eyes, Mattie."

"Ummm-hmm," I agreed around the toilet paper that seemed to be melting on my tongue. I opened my eyes and looked up at Stacy, staring into her eyes as she pinned me down with her cockhead inside my rectum.

"Tell me you love me," she said, smiling sweetly and looking like a black angel, innocent and pure and lovely beyond words.

"I love you," I whispered and even as the breath escaped my lips, Stacy drove her cock balls deep into my unprepared rectum with a single, powerful thrust.

"I ... Ugh! ... know you do..." she grunted, pumping my asshole hard and fast while I shuddered with a glorious mixture of pleasure and pain. It would be a long, serious fuck and Stacy wasn't in a gentle mood.

Stacy fucked me like a bitch and I hadn't realized I'd swallowed that wad of cummy toilet paper until she started kissing me. By that time I didn't even care though and I nursed on Stacy's tongue like a slut while she rode my clasping asshole like I had a real pussy between my legs. I moaned and begged her for it too. I licked her lips and told the girl I loved her. I loved her black dick and wanted her to fill me with her hot cum. I needed her inside me so badly that it almost hurt when she'd pull her cock nearly free, only to slam it home with a delicious grind at the end so that my prostate quivered with electric passion. It was a pretty intense fuck and I was practically screaming by the end of it, when Stacy finally let me have a fresh load of creamy sperm to soothe my bruised and battered rectum.

Two hours later the moment I'd been dreading had arrived and I had no idea what I was supposed to do about it. My life was in Stacy's hands and even after taking a long, hot shower with the girl, I could still feel her sperm deep in my decidedly sore asshole. She'd reamed my boy cunt for ten or fifteen minutes before dumping a huge load of ball juice inside me. I'd washed her cock and balls clean with my mouth, of course, and then we'd showered. I should have felt pretty good, but I didn't. I thought for sure my dad would know everything the moment he saw my face.

"Uh, Dad?" I said slowly, entering his office as I held Stacy's hand. "I want you to meet, um ... Stacy."

"Stacy?" He turned his head to look over his shoulder. My dad had been removing his jacket and hanging it over the back of his chair.

The room was really just the den, but Dad liked to call it his office and he had a big desk and a leather chair, a lot of pictures and stuff on the walls. One wall had become a huge bookcase and he had a little bar thing in there and a leather sofa. It looked a lot like his office at work, actually, and my dad was really into his job.

"Hello," Stacy smiled brightly, offering my dad a soft giggle that might have sounded nervous if I hadn't known better.

"Hello," Dad smiled back at her and stood up a little straighter, sucking in his gut too maybe, except my dad didn't have a gut.

"Wow!" Stacy said with a squeeze of my fingers. "Mattie didn't tell me you're an army guy!"

"Heh!" Dad normally would have bitten someone's head off for saying something like that, but not a gorgeous, teenage girl's apparently.

"My dad's a Marine," I told her, giving him an apologetic look. "He's a Colonel."

"A light colonel," Dad corrected me, but I knew he didn't mind. "Mathew didn't tell me he had a girlfriend."

"He didn't?" Stacy gave me a pout and I shrugged, feeling my face growing warm. "Well, now you know!"

"Now I know," Dad agreed, looking her up and down and it seemed pretty obvious he liked what he saw. Who wouldn't? Stacy looked unbelievably hot in her cheerleading outfit and the way she posed for him, all sweet and innocent...

"Well, um..." I glanced towards the door, " ... I guess you're pretty busy, Dad, so..."

"Such a pretty girlfriend too," Dad ignored me, staring intently at my girlfriend. "I'm happy to see Mathew's expanding his horizons."

"You mean because I'm black?" Stacy wondered with a giggle and sometimes I had a hard time understanding my dad.

"What?" Dad chuckled and gave Stacy a doubtful look. "I meant because you're a cheerleader."

"Oh!" She might have been blushing, except it would be hard to tell beneath Stacy's brown skin. "But you don't mind, right? Do you like black girls, Colonel?"

"Call me Jack," Dad insisted with a smile. "And I've been a Marine for nearly twenty years, Stacy ... I like every kind of girl there is!"

"Really?" Stacy laughed, showing my dad her tongue. "I bet they like you too, Jack."

"Okay," I cleared my throat. "I think we better, uh..."

"Are all those your medals?" Stacy exclaimed, letting go of my hand as she pointed at Dad's 'Power Wall' ... That's what Mom called it anyway, a bunch of framed photos, citations, and different awards and whatever. I suppose it was sort of impressive, most people thought so, but I'd grown up and watched it grow with me, so...

"Uh-huh," Dad nodded with a satisfied look on his rugged face. "Let me show you..."

We spent five minutes listening to my dad talk about how he'd gotten this medal for that, that medal for this, and all the while my girlfriend ohh'd and ahh'd just for him.

"Two purple hearts?" Stacy gazed up at my dad with wide, brown eyes. "You got shot?"

"Shot once," Dad told her. "Took some shrapnel in Gulf War II. Hurt like hell, but I survived."

"Wow!" Stacy giggled. "Where did you get shot?"

"Heh!" Dad grinned at her. "Now if I show you mine, you'd have to show me yours!"

"I'll show you anything you want," Stacy sighed and I blinked as she put her hand on my dad's stomach, doubtlessly feeling his rock hard abs beneath his shirt.

"We should, uh..." I tried interrupting again, but they ignored me.

"Let me tell you about my Silver Star," Dad suggested, putting a hand in the small of Stacy's back and guiding her towards his leather sofa. "I got that one in Afghanistan."

"Ohhh!" she giggled. "Afghanistan? Really? I'd love to hear about it!"

"Matthew, why don't you get started on dinner," Dad suggested with hardly a look in my direction. "I think we'll be getting hungry soon."

"Very hungry!" Stacy agreed with a glance at me. "Are you gonna cook dinner, Mattie?"

"Mattie?" Dad chuckled at that, probably because it sounded kind of girly and I grimaced inwardly. "Yeah. Mattie's real handy in the kitchen. Takes after his mother, I guess."

"Oh! I can see that!" Stacy agreed and she didn't even know my mom. "He certainly doesn't seem very much like you, Colonel ... I mean, Jack."

That one made my dad laugh and me blush with embarrassment. It was true that I did take after my mom, but even so ... It wasn't my fault my dad was like six foot five inches of solid muscle. He'd been a Marine his whole life and all he did was work out, fight wars, and then work out some more. He had a chiseled face, sort of handsome too, I suppose, if you liked those outdoorsy kind of guys. He could have been a cowboy just as easily as a colonel and he wore his hair in a short flat-top, had tattoos on his chest and arms, and cold grey eyes that had seen a lot of death in their day.

Yeah, my dad was a man's man and no faggot, that's for certain. If he found out about Stacy, he'd probably beat the crap out of her for being a fag transvestite, and then come looking to kick my ass for bringing a queer homosexual into his sacred temple of Marine Corps Honor! I only wish I was kidding about that too, but the sad fact was that my dad often liked to boast of his fag bashing skills. Like the time he found one of his Marine's smoking a civilian's pole in Bosnia, which is exactly how he'd phrased it. The young jarhead in question had suffered a little training accident involving his ass, Dad's boot, and a live hand grenade. That story had scared the hell out me, but I'd only been six at the time and he'd told Mom that bedtime stories like that would make a man out of me.

Dad was in for some real disappointment if I didn't get Stacy out of there!

Unfortunately, Stacy didn't seem to understand the very real danger she was getting herself into! The girl was flirting, I could see that much, and that only confused me. Did she think the perfect girlfriend was supposed to flirt with her boyfriend's father? It seemed like it and maybe that worked with some dad's, the ones who weren't so self-assured and confident. The ones who hadn't been to war and been shot and come home with stories about killing bad guys and fucking every kind of pussy on earth. Dad liked to tell me those bedtime stories too and Mom knew it, but she never complained.

"A man like your father has needs, Matthew," Mom liked to say. "I wouldn't love him if he was any different."

I'd never completely understood that, but after meeting Stacy, I sorta thought I was getting the idea. But that's besides the point, since Dad was already disappointed with me for not being a big, robust, football playing, jock wearing, fag bashing stud like he'd been in high school. Every now and again, Dad would mention packing me off to some military school to toughen me up and get me ready for my career in the Marines. We all knew that was a dream, but Dad liked to cling to it from time to time, and if he found out Stacy had a cock and balls and I was her cocksucking, faggot boyfriend ... I really would find myself in military school! Maybe. If he didn't just decide to bring a hand grenade home and give me a training accident in the backyard!

Probably he'd just use a firecracker though, but even so...

"Maybe, um ... Stacy could help me?" I asked hopefully, thinking my dad's axiom that 'women belong in the kitchen when they're not busy fuckin in the bedroom' might apply to beautiful black cheerleaders too, but apparently not.

"Nah," Dad chuckled, sitting down in the middle of the sofa and pulling a giggling Stacy down with him. "I think a big, strong boy like you can take a few pots and pans."

"We'll be okay," Stacy sorta waved at me. "I really want to know all about your father, Mattie! He's so interesting!"

"Just don't let them get the high ground," Dad continued, "or you'll be fucked for sure!"

"Oh!" Stacy gasped and slapped my dad's chest playfully.

"Pardon my French," Dad grinned as he slipped his arm around her shoulder. "Now where were we ... Oh yeah, deep in the bush!"

I left them there, having no choice as I'd never been able to stand up to my dad, or Stacy for that matter. They were a lot alike in that way, although I have to say I enjoyed the way Stacy dominated me more. Worshipping her beautiful black cock had become enjoyable for me, but worshipping my dad's career had always been pretty boring. Much like cooking spaghetti, which is what I decided to serve for dinner. With my mom being a nurse and working the afternoon shift, and my dad being a U.S. Marine Lieutenant Colonel with a hundred medals, that left me to do the cooking, cleaning, and all the rest.

I didn't mind so much and sometimes cooking could be fun, but not on this particular day. Not while I waited for the world to end when Dad discovered Stacy's long, thick secret! I decided to keep the phone handy in case I needed to dial 9-1-1 in a hurry.

"Ummm ... Dad? Stacy?" I called out tentatively, opening the door to Dad's office after some forty-five minutes spent preparing dinner.

I hadn't heard a peep from them. No screaming, no crying, no gunfire. Perhaps I'd misunderstood my father's intentions, but it had seemed pretty clear that he planned on getting to know my girlfriend a lot better. I should have expected that too. I mean, I knew the guy. I'd grown up with him, but in all honesty I really hadn't expected him to make a move on Stacy. I mean, she was my girlfriend! What kind of dad would do that to his son?

And Stacy ... I had no idea what to expect from her anymore! The last thing I would have imagined was her flirting with my dad. She'd told me she'd be the perfect innocent girlfriend in public so long as I was the perfect pussy boyfriend in private. Meeting my dad seemed kind of like a public situation to me! But she'd been flirting and Dad had been making the moves on her, both of them treating me like I wasn't even there! God!

"Ummmph ... Oh! Mattie!" Stacy blinked at me, looking a little warm and breathless as she sat on my dad's lap.

"What's up, son?" Dad asked me with a grin, holding Stacy around the waist with his strong arms and looking over her shoulder. "Is dinner ready?"

"Uh, yeah," I nodded, feeling my face burn.

Stacy's pleated skirt was pulled down around her hips and wide-spread thighs as she straddled my dad's legs. They were both dressed and Dad looked kind of normal, you know, except my girlfriend was sitting on his lap and her swollen cock was making a serious tent in her skirt. Stacy looked kind of breathless though, like I said, and her dark skin seemed to glisten with tiny beads of sweat. She licked her lips and smiled, but then my dad shifted slightly beneath her and the girl drew a sharp breath and her eyelids fluttered.

"We'll, be there in a minute," Dad told me and then he looked at Stacy. "Maybe three, I think."

Dinner seemed rather strained to me. Stacy smiled a lot and couldn't seem to sit still. Neither could I really. My butt ached after the monster fuck Stacy had given me a couple hours earlier and I struggled to find a comfortable position. I wasn't too hungry, but my girlfriend and especially my dad seemed to be just as hungry as they'd promised they'd be. And of course, Dad kept us entertained with stories about some of the girls he'd known as a young Marine captain in Bangkok.

"They call 'em lady boys over there," Dad chuckled. "Damn finest slope pussy in the world too, long as you don't mind a little Sausage McMuffin with your poon."

"Sausage McMuffin?" Stacy laughed and I just blinked at him.

"You'd probably be right at home in a place like that," Dad told me with a wink and I looked down quickly. "Course a boy like Mattie here, well ... he just might be up there dancing on stage himself, huh?"

"Definitely!" Stacy agreed, leaning close as we sat side-by-side and giving me a hug. "I don't think he'd like some itsy-bitsy Sausage McThingy. Mattie likes his meat big, thick and juicy!"

"Hmph ... So I understand," Dad nodded with a grunt. "Well, I always said that boy takes after his mother and Lord knows she likes 'em big."

"W-What?" I blinked at him.

"I don't blame you none, Mattie," Dad sighed as Stacy smiled happily back at the man. "At least you found yourself a prick with a girl attached to it."

"Oh! You!" Stacy gasped and threw her napkin at him. "Be nice!"

"Heh!" Dad chuckled. "I am being nice, girly. You don't wanna see my bad side, believe me."

"I don't believe you!" Stacy pouted, but not exactly playfully as she hugged me tighter. "You're just being mean now, teasing Mattie like this. Remember your promise, Jack."

"Don't you worry about that," he told her. "You got the word of a Marine officer, but don't you forget yours..."

"Never," Stacy insisted as I looked between them in utter confusion.

" ... or I'll drop World War Three on your sexy black ass," Dad continued, "in a fuckin' heartbeat."

"Hmmm..." Stacy stared at him and my dad stared right back and I had the sudden impression that maybe they weren't quite so friendly as I'd thought they were. I just didn't know if that was good or bad, you know?

"Lie down!" Stacy insisted as soon dinner had finished and we'd come back to my bedroom.

"What was that all about?" I wondered, but Stacy was busy pushing me onto my back.

"Don't move!" she breathed, tugging her skirt and then her thong down her legs and kicking them off.

"What are you..." I started asking as she climbed onto the bed to join me, but I soon found out as Stacy lowered her gorgeous butt over my face.

"My ass is so sore!" she sighed. "Eat me, Mattie ... Make me feel good, baby."

"Mmmph!" I sort of tried to protest, but my tongue was already reaching for Stacy's asshole. I found it raw and puffy, stretched and loose enough that I could easily get the tip of my tongue inside her. My nose was buried between her firm cheeks and Stacy's heavy balls fell under my chin to rest on my neck as I stroked her thighs with my hands.

I'd eaten her ass before and she hadn't tasted bad at all, but this time Stacy had a different flavor. She was wet and sticky and after only a few seconds my tongue found a blob of slimy cum as it trickled out of her rectum. I'd suspected that my dad had fucked her. I mean, it wasn't hard to figure out what had been going on with Stacy sitting his lap, but I hadn't expected to be sucking my own father's cum out of my girlfriend's ass! Didn't he use condoms?

I jerked at the realization of what I was tasting, struggling to get away, but Stacy planted her butt even more firmly on my face and leaned forward to press her hands down on my hips. She'd always been bigger and stronger than me anyway, both physically and every other way, so my revolt was short lived and I had no choice when a creamy dollop of man cum fell out of Stacy's ass and into my open mouth.

"Ummm ... Yeah, faggot! Eat that nasty cum!" she whispered, "Suck your daddy's sperm out of me!"

Despite the cramps in my gut, the shame and guilt that filled my confused mind, I did as she commanded. I swallowed thickly, feeling the warm jism sliding down my throat, and then used my tongue to wash Stacy's gaping anus and delve inside her musky hole. I found more semen waiting for me, a lot more, and Stacy groaned and grunted softly with the effort of pushing it out of her. I sucked noisily, slobbering wetly and swallowing with loud, distinctive gulps. I relaxed and stroked her soft, brown skin as she knelt happily over my flushed and sweating face.

"Your daddy fucked me so good," she told me. "What a big dick! God! He dumped a huge load in my ass too, didn't he?"

"Ummph hmph!" I agreed, feeling my own penis harden in my trousers. I couldn't help it, I loved Stacy and even doing something so sick and depraved as sucking my dad's cum out of her asshole couldn't cure me of my desire for her. I loved her ass! I loved her cock and balls and I loved being her faggot bitch. She owned me and this was just more proof of that fact. I'd do anything Stacy told me to, anytime and anywhere.

"He's going to leave you alone from now on," Stacy explained patiently while I tried to fuck my tongue up her ass. "I know you were jealous, but I had to do it, baby. For both of us, see?"

"Mmph?" I sorta shrugged and then sucked hard as a long, salty strand of thick ball juice seeped from Stacy's puckered hole.

"I promised nobody would ever know you're a cocksucking fag," she said. "And he promised you could suck and fuck my black dick anytime I want you to."

"Ommph?" I wondered and Stacy giggled.

"Those pictures, remember?" She reached for the lump in my pants and gave my penis a squeeze. "They weren't so I could blackmail you, baby."

"Umph!" I swallowed a mouthful of cum and Stacy sighed, rolling her hips and getting more comfortable as I started tonguing her again.

"I knew I wouldn't have any problems with a sexy pussy boy like you," she told me. "But a real man like Jack? I know guys like him and it's always trouble. So I told him if he didn't play nice, a lot of people were going to see what a black cock fag his precious little Mattie really is."

"Ohhhmph!" I kind of didn't like the idea of anyone knowing what sort of fag I really was and I prayed Stacy was teasing, but I didn't think so.

"And of course I had to let him fuck me," she sighed airily. "He has to be the man of the house, you know. And fucking me in the ass doesn't make him queer, it only reassures him that I'm not a threat to his manhood just because I'm fucking his son."

She kept talking like that for a while, possibly just to reassure herself, but I actually believed most of what Stacy said. Plainly she and my father had come to some sort of agreement and he knew she had a cock, just like dad knew I loved to suck and fuck it. Ordinarily I'd have expected him to kill me for that, but he seemed to be accepting it for some reason. I could only hope that Stacy knew what she was doing.

"Hmmm ... Did you get it all?" Stacy asked me after a good half hour of eating her ass. "Let me see..."

She lifted herself off my face and I finally took my first breath of cool fresh air in a long time and I was grateful for it. Stacy reached back with her hand and pushed her middle finger inside her asshole, all the way too, and wriggled it around for a moment before pulling it slowly back out. She looked at her finger for a moment and then pushed it into my mouth for me to suck clean.

"Does it taste like cum?" she wondered and I shrugged.

"Umph ohmp," I said, sucking her finger and using my tongue just to be sure I got it nice and clean. It did kinda taste like cum, but mostly it tasted like her ass, I thought.

"I think you got most of it," she agreed and started getting off me. "Go borrow your dad's car keys now. We're going to the clubhouse."

"The clubhouse?" I asked, sitting up slowly and stretching. I had sort of a kink in my neck and I rubbed it gently.

"You'll see," she nodded. "And tell your dad not to wait up; I'm keeping you all night."

"Uh..." I smiled nervously and eyed Stacy's swollen cock as it bobbed up and down in front of her. She'd gotten a serious erection while I'd been rimming her asshole and I licked my lips, which made Stacy giggle.

"You can take care of this later," she told me. "Come on. Everyone's waiting for us."

"They are?" I had no idea what Stacy meant and she didn't seem to want to explain it.

"And if your dad gives you a hard time?" Stacy told me seriously. "Let me know. I can handle him."

"Okay," I nodded, but I wasn't sure I totally believed that and the last thing I wanted to do was face my dad after eating his cum from my girlfriend's well-fucked ass ... But what choice did I have?

None at all.
Chapter 4 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 4
Chapter 3 Mail Bottom
Chapter 4
Posted: 9/12/2009, 2:39:54 AM

"Where are we going?" I wondered, because my black, transsexual girlfriend hadn't really given me a specific destination. She'd just tell me to take a left here or go straight for awhile.

"The Clubhouse," Stacy replied, sitting back comfortably in my dad's big Explorer. "I told you that before, Mattie. You have to pay more attention ... Oops! Red light!"

We had to make out during red lights, it was one of Stacy's rules and I could live with it. For being a chick with a dick, she was incredibly hot! We leaned close together and I melted in her mouth, reaching for Stacy's ripe, firm breasts as her tongue slipped between my lips. She liked it when I'd close my lips around her tongue and suck it like a wet, pink cock. She also liked it when I held her real cock in my hand, massaging the long, black shaft gently while I swallowed our combined spit.

I didn't mind at all either, not anymore, even though I still felt the lonely pangs of shame and guilt from time to time. I couldn't really help that though, since I'd grown up kinda homophobic like any other red blooded American boy. Stacy was determined to cure me of that though and I thought it was working, at least when I was with her. I couldn't think straight when she was around, you know? Like she had some kind of special powers to make me helpless, but probably all girls have those. Stacy just had stronger ones and she wasn't afraid to use them.

Anyway, we were basically making out every chance we got and no sixteen-year-old boy in the world would complain about that!

"Green light," Stacy giggled after half a minute as someone honked a horn behind us and I reluctantly let go of her cock.

"I still can't believe you had sex with my dad," I said slowly, kind of testing the waters because it had been on my mind.

"Awww ... Is my pussy boyfriend still jealous?" Stacy sighed, teasing me as she turned to lean against the passenger door.

"Yeah," I admitted with a hard swallow, glancing at her in the soft glow of the dashboard light and the passing streetlamps outside. Stacy's cock jutted upward from between her smooth dark thighs as she spread them wide and I couldn't help but feel a surge of desire fill me. I wasn't sure why, but I'd learned to find Stacy's huge prick and clean shaven balls as sexy as the rest of her.

"Well, you shouldn't be," she said. "A sissy cocksucker like you should understand better than anyone."

"Understand what?" I wondered with a small frown.

"That a girl has needs!" she smiled at me. "I like cock too, you know. Real cock. And that sexy little clit of yours isn't ever going to give me what I need."

"Oh." I looked straight ahead, feeling my face warming with humiliation.

"Don't be mad," she giggled. "I love your faggot mouth and your cunt is made for fucking, no doubt about that."

"Yeah," I sighed, not so much agreeing as just letting her know I was listening.

"My cock loves your pussy, Mattie," she told me seriously. "But you're never going to be a real man. You'll always be a faggot slut for big, black dick. So..." she giggled again, " ... Get over it."

"I just wish..."

"What?" she asked, narrowing her eyes at me.

"Nothing," I sighed, thinking my dad had fucked my girlfriend half an hour after they'd met and I still hadn't fucked her! It didn't seem very fair and Stacy was making it sound like I'd never get to put my dick inside her. I'll admit I didn't have a really big one, not even close to her eight inches of thick, black meat, but I still wanted to use it for more than just jilling off.

"You're kind of sensitive, aren't you?" Stacy sighed with a warm, happy smile. "That's good. I like that in a pussy boyfriend. Turn left at the next corner, we're almost there."

'There' turned out to be someone's house and for a moment I thought it might have been Stacy's.

"No, it's not mine," she said. "It's Wendy's, but her parents are super cool."

"They are?" I smiled at that, wondering what kind of parents would let their boy grow up to be a girl. Sorta.

"Oh yeah," Stacy nodded. "Just park anywhere, it doesn't matter."

"Okay," I shrugged and there were already a bunch of cars parked in the driveway and I just pulled in behind them. "Is she having a party or something?"

"Or something!" Stacy said with a grin. "Come on. They're waiting."

Needless to say, I had no idea what was going on, but that seemed kind of normal with Stacy. All I had to do was whatever she told me to and that made my life pretty easy. I held her hand, surprised that we weren't going to the house, but to the four car garage and then up some steps to what turned out to be an apartment above it. I guessed it served as guest house maybe, or the servants' quarters perhaps, because the house and the lawns around it were pretty fancy from what I could see and I figured Wendy's parents must have been pretty rich.

"Black cock only?" I read the sign on the door and looked at Stacy.

"Don't worry about it," she said. "Faggots don't count."

"Oh." I nodded like that made any kind of sense and then Stacy opened the door and sorta pulled me inside.

"About time you guys showed up," Veronica said with a frown and she happened to be sitting closest to the door as Stacy closed it behind us with a loud snick of the deadbolt.

The place seemed nice enough and except for a tiny kitchen and a small bathroom, the top of the garage was really just one large living room ... except there wasn't any furniture. Just a lot of big pillows sorta scattered around on the thick, burgundy carpet. A few low coffee tables with drinks on them, soda cans and glasses, stuff like that. Some fancy, decorator lights stood in the corners with long, graceful branches arching overhead and filling the room with a soft glow. The wood paneled walls were richly stained and decorated with paintings mostly, like strange abstract art that never seemed to mean much to me, but I had to admit they looked nice anyway.

But then I noticed other pictures, framed and matted 8x10 photographs of myself and the other white boyfriends. I didn't get to look too closely, but I didn't have to as I recognized each of us. The picture of me had to be one that Dave had taken the night I'd met Stacy. I looked like I was smiling into the camera, pink faced and dripping her thick semen from my chin. My face was covered with the stuff and her semi-hard cock, dark and shiny, pressed against my left cheek. I swallowed hard and felt sudden embarrassment at seeing myself like that in a photograph, and one mounted on the wall no less!

The other boys had all been posed with hard black cocks as well and I assumed they belonged to their respective girlfriends. Dave had taken a facial, like me, and he'd been caught lapping happily at Veronica's spent prick. Kevin straddled Heather's thighs, it looked like. Her fat cock dwarfed his and it seemed plain that she'd just dumped a big load all over his hard penis and pink balls. Brad had been photographed smiling over his shoulder at the camera with Rita's black prick jutting upward between his butt cheeks and spurting across his back.

In the rest of the pictures, Kyle tried to smile around a mouthful of Paula's black scrotum as her cock lay wet and stained with milky semen across his red face. Josh held a large pool of cum inside his open mouth for the camera, showing of his spermy tongue with the head of Wendy's cock resting on his chin. And Jimmy had stuck out his tongue completely as he held Karen's thick black cock in both of his small white hands, obviously jerking her off as a jet of semen erupted towards his open mouth. It was a nice photograph, actually.

All in all, except for the porn pictures on the wall, and the six incredibly beautiful teenage transsexuals staring at me, the place seemed kind of almost normal.

"Get those clothes off, faggot!" Karen told me, leaning against the opposite wall and stroking her thick, black cock. I hadn't really met her yet and I almost jumped out of my shoes.

They were all naked, or at least mostly, I should say and I barely had time to realize that none of the other boyfriends were there. Only Stacy and her six friends, and they'd obviously been waiting for my arrival. I felt a flood of mixed emotions and thoughts just then, nervous fear, excitement, anxiety, and of course the usual humiliation and guilt at finding myself helplessly staring at six fat, swollen cocks already dripping precum as those girls played with themselves impatiently.

"Welcome to the club," Stacy giggled. "You'd better get naked. Pussies like you aren't allowed clothes inside the clubhouse."

"You didn't tell him the rules yet?" Rita asked with a giggle.

She was sixteen and a junior like me, and just then Rita was reclining on a pink pillow wearing a baby doll nightie, an emerald one made of satin, and it covered her tits and her tummy, but beneath that her dark erection jutted upward above a pair of large clean shaven balls. None of those girls had any pubic hair that I could see and Rita had the smallest dick in the room, besides my own, I mean, but it was still like seven inches long probably and thick! All those girls had fat cocks and my fingers trembled as I started undressing.

"What club?" I asked, because I remembered Dave had mentioned something about a club as well. It didn't even occur to me that speaking might be against the rules too, but thankfully nobody seemed to mind.

"Our club," Paula told me with a humorous gleam in her bright green eyes. "And you're in it now, sissy."

Green eyes and black skin don't usually go together, but they did for Paula. She was sixteen as well, but only a sophomore, and very black, like ebony or whatever, and tall and lithe as a ballet dancer. Her skin glistened like she'd been oiled down and I especially liked her tits. They weren't so large as Stacy's perhaps, but just as firm and topped with amazingly dark, puffy nipples. She had a smallish nose and a wide mouth, with a tiny cleft in her chin that only seemed to make her face that much more beautiful. And Paula's cock lay across her left thigh, the pinkish tip of her glans peeking out through her wrinkled foreskin and leaking precum while she massaged her supple scrotum.

"This is like your, um..." Karen giggled, looking for the right word, " ... initiation."

I felt my dick ache at the sound of her voice. I knew Karen was sixteen and a sophomore, but she looked and sounded younger than that even. She had a high, giggly kind of voice that made me think 'blonde' for some reason, except obviously Karen was a black girl and her hair had been done up in long cornrows that went well with her innocent looks. She had a very pretty face and smallish tits, just nipples really, topping bare handful mounds of rich, dark flesh. She had a little baby fat too, around her tummy and hips. I thought Karen looked pretty amazing and she sorta reminded me of my old girlfriend the way she smiled. But the girl's long, chubby prick and low hanging balls were what really caught my attention and I swallowed hard as she stroked the shaft with her fingernails.

"The first rule is no clothes allowed," Heather told me, but I'd already figured that one out. "When you come here, undress outside. Don't worry, nobody's gonna take your stuff."

"Who'd want it?" Veronica laughed.

"If it's raining or whatever, there's a closet next to the bathroom," Heather continued.

"Our clothes are hanging up, yours go on the floor," Veronica added. "Understand, slut?"

"Y-Yeah," I nodded quickly.

"What the fuck did you just say to me?" She narrowed her eyes and I had no idea what that meant.

"She likes to be called Mistress Veronica," Stacy whispered with a soft giggle, but plainly everyone knew she was clueing me in.

"Yes, uh ... Mistress Veronica," I said, feeling my skin warming with embarrassment as I lowered my eyes. "I'm sorry."

"That's better," she agreed with a small, sort of smug smile. "Get those ugly pants off! Your mommy buy those for you?"

"Uh..." I'd gotten my shirt off and kicked off my shoes, and now I unbuttoned my jeans and started pushing them down. "Yeah, um ... Yes! Mistress Veronica, I mean."

"Ugly boxers too," Heather giggled. "A fag like you needs some proper panties, I think."

"Used ones," Veronica nodded and she and Heather started whispering about something as I undressed self-consciously.

They were sitting close together and being the two high school seniors in their small clique, Veronica and Heather seemed to be kind of in charge. They were both gorgeous, as I've mentioned before. Veronica with her wild, African gypsy looks had a tangle of thick black hair and she always looked like she'd just fallen out of bed ... and into a Victoria's Secret catalogue on this night. She wore white thigh-high stockings and a matching thong that did nothing to hide her massive prick and plum-sized balls. She was just as big as Stacy in the dick department, if not actually a little bigger even, and like Paula, Veronica wasn't circumcised either and the foreskin had been stretched taut around the bulbous glans.

Heather was the oldest of the girls at eighteen and she'd almost dressed up as well, in red leather boots that reached her knees. They had black laces and spiked heels that looked kind of dangerous to me. She didn't wear anything else though, just those boots, and maybe she had a thing for shoes or something, I wasn't sure. The rest of her body was perfectly female. She had great tits, a tiny waist, and nice round hips to go with her firm, round ass. All those girls were gorgeous, and I was seriously partial to Stacy of course, but when it came down to it ... Yeah, Heather had the best body out of all of them. She looked like a beautiful woman, except for her cock and balls, I mean.

"Okay," Veronica agreed to something Heather said and they both looked at me. Most of the other girls were talking to each other, the way high school girls do, with a lot of giggling and pointed looks in my direction.

"We've got a challenge for you, Mattie," Heather announced and I blinked at that as I stepped out of my boxers and stood completely naked.

I wasn't sure if I should try and cover myself up or what. I mean, my dick wasn't even hard anymore! Not with seven hot chicks smiling at me, not to mention that they all had bigger cocks than mine! I felt very small, very weak and insecure, and I did sort of cover my small penis with my hands clasped in front of me, hoping that it would look sort of natural, you know.

"Move your hands!" Stacy slapped my butt with a loud SMACK! and I jerked with surprise more than pain.

"Tomorrow at school," Heather said as Stacy shoved her cheerleader outfit into my arms, "you're going to go shopping!"

"I am?" I asked, blushing and glancing around as the other girls suddenly laughed and clapped their hands.

"Shopping trip!"..."Yes!"..."Awesome!"..."Good idea!" they all said at once and I was completely mystified.

"Make sure you fold the skirt over the hanger," Stacy informed me. "If it gets wrinkled, I'll really spank your faggot ass!"

"You have to get a complete outfit," Heather continued as I tried to nod at Stacy. "Panties, bra, a skirt and blouse..."

"Stockings too," Veronica said. "No socks, white boy!"

" ... Yeah," Heather agreed. "Stockings or nylons, pantyhose or ... whatever, and some heels."

"Um," I licked my lips. "You want me to ... skip school and go to the mall or something?"

"What?" Veronica laughed and Heather gave me a funny look. In fact, all the girls laughed at me and I just felt even more stupid than I already did.

"No!" Heather snorted. "Shop at school, dummy!"

"In the girls' locker room," Wendy told me. "That's the best way."

"Just don't get caught!" Rita giggled.

"And don't take my clothes!" Paula said, kind of half-seriously. I don't think her clothes would have fit me anyway.

"But..." I looked around, blinking at them. "You want me to steal clothes?"

"And put them on!" Stacy said and looked to her friends. "What time is the fashion show?"

"Two o'clock?" Veronica suggested, looking at a nodding Heather.

"Yeah, quarter after is good." Heather smiled at me. "So at 2:15 you'll be in the library. Just walk in through the east doors and walk out the west doors."

"No running!" Veronica stared at me, sounding like she really wanted me to run just so she could hurt me.

"You have to walk through the library," Karen said. "Slowly."

"And look sexy!" Rita giggled.

"Shake that sexy white ass for all the black boys," Stacy whispered in my ear, standing close enough behind me that I could feel her tits against my back and her cock riding up the crack of my butt.

"I can't do that!" I exclaimed without really thinking about it. "I'll get in trouble!"

"You can do it," Heather told me seriously.

"And you will do it," Veronica insisted.

"It's a challenge," Paula told me with an almost sympathetic smile. "If you chicken out, you have to take a punishment."

"What's the punishment?" I asked nervously, thinking nothing could be worse than stealing a bunch of girls' clothes, putting them on, and parading through the middle of the library!

"Silent treatment," Stacy told me and I turned my head to look at her. "Three days for failing a challenge."

"Three days?" I sorta thought I knew what she meant, but just in case...

"None of us will talk to you," Stacy explained while the other girls nodded. "We won't even look at you."

"None of our boyfriends either," Wendy added.

To be honest, that didn't really sound so terrible to me. I mean, yeah, I'd seriously miss being with Stacy for sure, and Dave and the other guys were my new best friends at my new school, but only three days? How hard could that be? It had to be easier than stealing clothes and cross-dressing in public. I could get suspended for that!

"What if, um..." I cleared my throat and I just didn't want to seem too eager not to do this challenge thing. "What if I get caught and get in trouble, uh ... you know, before I can do the library thing?"

"If you fail the challenge?" Stacy asked and I nodded. "Three days," she shrugged. "You either pass or fail, Mattie."

"Oh," I swallowed hard because I sorta thought maybe getting caught just sneaking into the girls' locker room would be a good way to fail without totally getting busted.

"It's up to you," Karen said. "But you have to accept it now or..."

"Chicken out!" Veronica giggled.

"I, uh..." I looked at Stacy and licked my lips, wanting more than anything to make her happy, but this? I couldn't do it!

I mean, sure, I'd mostly accepted the fact that I was a cocksucking fag when it came to hot, black cheerleaders with dicks. I could even call Veronica 'Mistress' and do whatever they wanted in private. Heck! I could even deal with my dad now that he knew beyond a doubt that my girlfriend had a cock! All of that was pretty insane, but it wouldn't get me kicked out of school, you know? And putting on a girl's clothes? Wearing them in front of the whole school? I might as well take out an ad in the paper that said I was queer!

"I can't," I said softly, begging Stacy with my baby blue eyes to let me off the hook. Like maybe she'd giggle and tell me it was all just a big joke, but she didn't.

"Okay," she took her clothes out of my arms and walked away.

All those girls suddenly found something much more interesting than me to look at or talk about. I swear, it was like someone threw a switch and I'd suddenly become invisible! I didn't know what to do. I didn't even know what to feel. Stacy left the room through the only doorway, going towards the bathroom and that closet, I guessed. My clothes were scattered at my feet where I'd dropped them and I slowly picked them up and started getting dressed.

They'd told me what would happen, I had to admit that. I just didn't think it would feel so ... lonely.

"Uh, here's your keys, Dad," I said when I got home and my father looked up from his desk and smiled at me.

"Did you fill up the tank?" he asked, like everything was perfectly normal.

"Ummm..." I shrugged. "I didn't really have any money."

"Well, you've got a girlfriend now," he said and then chuckled. "I always knew you were a little light in the loafers, but goddamn! This takes the cake."

"I'm gonna go to bed," I told him, looking down and blushing.

"You do that, son," Dad said with a deep sigh. "Sweet dreams, Princess."

I frowned at my feet, knowing my dad probably didn't really mean to be an asshole, it was just in his nature. I'd disappointed him again and he had to take it out on me somehow. I really thought he'd beat me. Seriously. But I guess he loved me too, since he was my dad and everything. He wouldn't have been happy with me unless I was exactly like him. I mean, he would never be able to demonstrate his feelings unless he had a son who didn't need to see them. It seemed like one of those catch-22 things, but I could have been wrong. I didn't want to think about it too much as I already had a lot on my mind.

"Matt? Are you home?" Mom called me from the kitchen and I wasn't in a real mood to see her either.

"Yeah, Mom."

"Come in here," she said. "I haven't seen you all day!"

She was like that, sort of over-protective in a way, but she could have been worse too.

Mom looked like anybody's mom, being in her thirties and comfortable with herself by then. Some people aren't, but Mom was, and I suppose being married to my dad made her sort of independent minded. He'd been gone a lot, you know, off fighting wars or whatever, so Mom had taken care of everything as I'd grown up. I guess that made her a little over-protective of me too. It definitely made her more understanding.

"I heard you have a new girlfriend already," she said as I entered the kitchen. "Why the long face? What happened?"

"I dunno," I shrugged and she always knew when something bothered me. Like she had that motherly instinct going.

"Is it your father?" she asked me, eating left-over spaghetti from the dinner I'd made. She still wore her starched white nurse's uniform and her blonde hair was pinned up, but looking frayed after a long shift at the hospital.

"Maybe," I shrugged again, and a lot of our conversations were like that, since I was sixteen and she was my mom.

"Well, come here!" She clucked her tongue and pulled me into a hug as she sat there. "I think it's wonderful. It isn't easy coming out of the closet like that, especially with your father. I'm very proud of you, Matt."

"Uhhh..." I blinked and sorta hugged her nervously as I tried to understand what Mom was saying.

"Some of the nicest boys I ever met were gay," she continued. "And some of the girls too!"

"Oh." I nodded slowly, but Mom had her cheek against my chest and couldn't see it.

"This new girlfriend of yours," Mom asked, "what's her name?"

"Stacy," I answered softly.

"Stacy," Mom smiled as she looked up at me. "Of course. Is she going to get the operation?"

"The ... operation?" I blinked at her.

"You know!" Mom laughed lightly. "We get girls like that at the hospital all the time. They're so sweet and trying so hard to be themselves."

"I don't know, Mom," I shrugged. "Um ... maybe."

If my mom meant one of those operations to turn a boy into a girl, like ... completely? I seriously doubted Stacy would be interested in that! She loved her cock and liked to use it on pretty white boys like me, obviously. Somehow, the idea of Stacy with a vagina instead of a penis almost turned me off as I thought about it, and that seemed so weird I started blushing for no good reason at all!

"Well," Mom sighed, letting me go with a smile. "Whatever she wants to do, just so long as you're happy ... I don't care."

"Okay," I nodded.

"And don't worry about your father," she told me, sounding amazingly like Stacy for a second. "I can handle him! You just take care of your girlfriend."

"Uh, yeah," I licked my lips and tried to smile. "I will, Mom."

"I'm sure a girl like that has special needs," she said and I narrowed my eyes.

"Like what?"

"Oh! Well, I'm sure her hormones must be driving the poor girl crazy!" Mom said with a sympathetic laugh. "You probably have your hands full with Stacy, right?"

"Sorta," I replied, feeling my face redden as I remembered just how full my hands could get wrapped around her huge, black cock!

"Just make sure you use condoms," Mom told me with a small wrinkle of her nose. "Do you, um ... Which one of you is on top?"

"On top?" I could feel some spontaneous combustion ready to happen as my humiliation meter redlined.

"Or do you switch?" she asked with a smile, but didn't wait for an answer. "Either way, use condoms and plenty of lubricant. Do you need some?"

"Do I what?" I felt like running away, but this was the problem with having a medical professional for a mom. She wasn't shy about biology stuff at all.

"You have to take care of yourself," she nodded sagely. "A proper enema and lots of of lubrication, that's the key!"

"Oh!" I felt like I was sorta dying.

"I'll give you an enema later," she decided. "I think we still have that kit in the closet and..."

"Uh, Mom..." I stared at her.

"I know! It's embarrassing, Matt," she laughed at me. "But it's a fact of life now. You're gay and I want to make sure you stay that way for a long, long time."

"You want me to be gay?" I asked, not really feeling all that gay since Stacy seemed a lot more like a girl than a boy. "For a long time?"

"That's a way of saying I want you to stay healthy," Mom informed me. "If you want to be gay that's up to you."

"Oh!" I decided I'd have to check on flights to Bolivia or someplace. I had like three hundred bucks saved up in birthday money and...

"So why don't you go get ready for a bath," Mom suggested, "and I'll get your enema ready. Okay?"

"Do I need one?" I asked, but I knew better than that. If Mom decided I needed to paint my feet blue, I'd end up doing it.

"Absolutely!" Mom told me, taking the last bite of her spaghetti.

The enema wasn't so bad, actually. Not like I thought it would be, but having my own mom give it to me was another thing altogether! I won't go into the details, but suffice to say that after having sex with Stacy, my butt needed some soothing attention and some deep cleaning. Mom gave me both and if I hadn't been so completely embarrassed, I would have been a lot more grateful. In the beginning though...

"Oh my!" Mom frowned as she looked at my tender, raw, gaping anus. "I guess I know who likes it on top!"

"Is it, um ... bad?" I asked, hardly believing I'd be asking my mom what my asshole looked like after my girlfriend had fucked me.

"Stacy must have a very large penis," she said with a shake of her head. "And no lubrication?"

"Not really," I admitted, feeling one of her fingers probing my puffy sphincter gently. I was lying facedown on my bed with Mom sitting on the mattress beside me. She'd started rubbing some kind of KY Jelly stuff around and it actually felt pretty good.

"Matt," she sighed. "You really have to take better care of yourself. You have two elbows, two knees, and only one anus!"

"Uhhh..." Don't ask me, I didn't have a clue what she meant.

"You tell this Stacy girl to take it easy on your little pooter," Mom said. "How big is she anyway?"

"Pooter?" I almost laughed at that. "Oh, um ... She's about six feet tall, I guess."

"I meant her penis!" She rolled her eyes, bright blue ones like mine.

"Ah," I nodded. "She's, um ... I dunno ... really big."

"Six inches?" Mom asked and this seemed really weird, talking about how big my girlfriend's dick was with my mom!

"A lot bigger than that," I said with a grin, but then remembered who I was talking to and stopped smiling quick.

"Seven?" she wondered with a little laugh and I gave her a doubtul shake of my head. "Bigger than that? Oh Matthew! How big is she?"

"Like eight inches," I shrugged. "Maybe a little more, and, you know ... It's pretty big around and stuff."

"Eight inches and thick?" Mom sighed and then smiled at me and I realized she had her middle finger all the way inside my ass!

I mean, I'd felt her exploring me before, but not like this! I hadn't even felt her entering my rectum, or if I did feel it, the message hadn't made it to my brain. I'd been too busy thinking about Stacy and her beautiful black cock! And then, on top of Mom's finger pumping slowly in and out of my still kinda tight and definitely warm rectum, I realized I had a boner! My dick had grown hard beneath me and the pressure felt good as I lay there, kind of moving my hips just because that finger in my ass felt really good for some reason.

"I bet you love her penis too," Mom whispered, twisting her finger as she moved it in and out of my clasping rectum. "Come on, you can tell me. Do you love her cock, Mattie?"

"Yeah," I breathed, closing my eyes and feeling tiny beads of sweat break out along my spine.

"Do you kiss it for her?" she wondered gently, curling her finger and scratching at the sensitive flesh inside.

"I, um ... yeah," I agreed, squeezing my butt and closing the soft muscles of my rectum around Mom's finger. "I suck it for her."

"I bet you do!" she sighed. "Your father said she's a black girl, a cheerleader or something."

"Uh-huhhhh..." I sighed, grinding my cock into my mattress just a little, telling myself Mom wouldn't notice.

"A cheerleader with a big, hard, black cock for you to suck on," Mom breathed. "Does she have big balls too?"

"Really big," I agreed, feeling her pull her finger back so she could add another one. "She likes it when I ... Oh!"

"When you what?" she asked, teasing me with two fingers now, stretching my raw sphincter with a sweet burning sensation.

"When I kiss her balls," I said. "When I lick them and ... ahhh ... suck them for her."

"That's so sweet of you," Mom nodded with a smile. "A boy like you should suck his girlfriend's balls, Mattie."

"I do," I whispered, hunching my straining dick against my bed, clenching my asshole tightly around Mom's gentle fingers as she massaged my rectum.

"You're such a pretty boy," she told me. "Such a pretty butt ... And so tight!"

"Ummm..." I grunted as she reached for the bottle of KY stuff and poured a little more around her fingers, pumping my butt a little faster.

"Does that feel good?" she asked me.

"Yeah," I breathed, wriggling my hips and biting my bottom lip.

"I bet Stacy loves it inside your hot little ass," she giggled. "If I didn't know better I'd think you have a fever."

"I'm uh ... Ohhhh ... Fine," I said with a shiver, feeling my balls tighten with pleasure.

"And thinking about that nice big cock too," Mom agreed. "That'll make a boy like you hot all over, won't it?"

"Mmmm..." I sighed in agreement as she gave her fingers another twist, pulling them out of my ass just long enough to tease my sphincter, and then pushing them back inside me.

"Sucking ... Fucking ... Taking her cock in your mouth," she whispered. "Running your tongue up and down the shaft, around the head ... You love sucking her cock, don't you?"

"Uhhh ... Yeah ... Ummm ... I love her cock, Mom," I breathed, lifting my hips off the bed as I humped my own mother's hand.

"And when she cums, Mattie?" she prompted me, pushing her fingers as deep as she could and then pressing her thumb right against the base of my scrotum.

"Ahhhh!" I gasped as I started cumming immediately. My cock spasmed beneath my naked body and I could feel the warm spend soaking into my sheets and staining my flushed skin.

"You swallow, don't you?" Mom asked me, sounding just a little breathless herself. "You suck her black cock and drink her hot cum. Tell me the truth now."

"Y-Yeah..." I groaned, wincing as my balls emptied beneath the insistent pressure of her thumb ad whatever Mom had found down there, it sorta hurt and felt good at the same time.

"Good!" Mom said, relaxing her hand as my orgasm subsided and she pulled her fingers out of my quivering asshole slowly. "A growing boy like you needs his protein."

"Ohhhh..." I looked at her, blinking and red-faced and wondering what we'd just done.

"Did you like that?" she asked me and I nodded weakly. "You don't have to be embarrassed. I'm a nurse, dear. I do this sort of thing all the time!"

"You do?" I swallowed hard, wondering if we were still speaking the same language.

"Of course," she laughed lightly and spanked my bare butt. "Into the bathroom now, young man. Let's get you nice and clean for your next date!"

Unfortunately, my next date with Stacy wouldn't be for three full days and I went to bed that night feeling much better in the butt department, but much worse in the heart department. I should have taken the challenge, I thought as I held my black dildo to my lips, sucking on it like a giant pacifier and hoping I'd dream of Stacy.

Dave wasn't there to pick me up in the morning and I had to run to catch my bus. It sucks being sixteen and having a driver's license, but no car. The other kids sorta looked at me funny too, since they all knew I was Stacy's boyfriend and a hot cheerleader like her would never date a guy who had to ride the bus to school. I ignored their curious looks and whispers, but when I got to school it seemed even worse.

All I could think about were my six friends on their knees in the locker room sucking off seven black, transsexual cheerleaders and I wondered which of them was blowing Stacy. I didn't even want to know. It should have been me, that's all I knew. They were already in there before I'd even gotten to the school, but I hadn't been invited and that hurt. I saw Brad licking his lips just before homeroom and it made my gut ache.

Two minutes later, Stacy and Karen walked right past me without even a glance, although I smiled eagerly at Stacy. She totally, completely blew me off! And everyone saw it! Like fifty kids saw me standing there like a dork, smiling like an idiot while my girlfriend, one of the hottest girls in the whole school, breezed by without so much as a flicker of her eyes in my direction! Talk about instant pain! I felt crushed! You can't know how that feels until it happens and if I'd known the night before, I'd have agreed to anything to avoid this silent treatment penalty thing!

It was the same with all of them. I saw Dave and Kevin when I went to my locker, since theirs are right there across the hall from mine, and they didn't look at me either. I even tried talking to them! I asked them, "Hey! What's up?" with a smile and everything, but they didn't even glance at me. I felt like a ghost haunting the school, you know? Like they couldn't even see me, except I knew they could and chose not to. That was worse, I thought, and being dead actually sounded better. I mean, at least I'd have a reason then! Or at least a better reason, I should say.

And it would have been different if I'd been mad at them. If Stacy and I had gotten in a real argument and broken up? Sure, I'd have expected the silent treatment from her and her friends. I'd have done the same to her and not felt really bad about it. But we hadn't broken up! Stacy was still my girlfriend, Dave and the other guys were still my best friends. After three days it would all be over and I'd be forgiven, or so I hoped, and our lives would go back to normal. That made it seem worse too! I couldn't wait three days. My gut hurt every time I saw one of them ignoring me, and especially when I saw Stacy, obviously.

This silent treatment thing sucked!

"So, um ... I heard you broke up with Stacy," Molly Hawkins smiled at me and she seemed like a nice girl, kind of cute with her auburn hair and hazel eyes.

"No," I shook my head. "Not really."

"Oh." She looked like she didn't believe me. "Well, um ... I was wondering if you wanted to do something later."

"Do something?" I narrowed my eyes at her. "Like what?"

"I don't know," she giggled a little nervously and I guess I wasn't making it very easy for her. "Like hang out? You want to come over to my house after school?"

"Uh, thanks," I smiled. "But ... I can't. I have to get home and, uh..."

"Oh. Right. Yeah," Molly nodded quickly, blushing now that I'd shot her down.

"Maybe some other time," I offered, but that didn't sound very sincere even to me and the girl was practically running away by then anyhow.

Fuck! Molly was kind of a little hottie too, for being a fifteen-year-old sophomore, and she'd worked up a little courage to ask me out. If I hadn't met Stacy, I'd have said yes to Molly in a heartbeat. She probably wanted to make out, maybe even wanted to have sex, for all I knew. But I didn't care. The only one I wanted to have sex with was Stacy and I had three days to wait before she'd even look at me again. And I knew, like it had to be obvious, that those three days weren't a vacation. They were a puishment. I couldn't get a temporary girlfriend like Molly, take her home and bone her, and then go back to Stacy ... She'd cut my balls off!

I was still her boyfriend, even if she was ignoring me. I figured this must be what marriage would be like, except married guys still got to have sex, but without all the pillow talk. All I had was my hand and that black dildo Stacy had given me and I'd jerked off that morning, rubbing it against my balls and pretending it was Stacy's hot cock fucking me. I'd spent half an hour feeling guilty about that, but at the time I'd kind of enjoyed it. Except that after having real sex with a real girl with a real cock, well ... Jerking off didn't hold the same thrill for me anymore, you know? I mean, it's still nice, but I was only jerking off because I had to and that's something a guy should do because he wants to.

Or something, I'm still trying to figure it all out, actually.

Anyway, there was no way I could last three days. Unfortunately, every time I tried to apologize to Stacy, she'd look at someone else and wonder, "Did you hear something?"

I really hated that.

"Kyle," I whispered loudly and we were alone in the boys' bathroom, sorta by accident, but not really since I'd followed him in.

He just looked at the blank wall in front of him while he took a whiz.

"Come on, dude!" I said, standing at the urinal next to his. "Just tell me how to end this silent treatment deal."

"Hmmm mmm hmmm..." he started humming the Jeopardy! song and I frowned.

"Nobody else is here," I assured him. "They won't know you talked to me."

He didn't even look at me, just flushed the urinal and zipped up his pants.

"I hate this shit!" I almost yelled at him as Kyle washed his hands, not bothering to look at my reflection.

"Do the challenge," he whispered so softly I wasn't even sure I heard him.

"What?" I asked, wide-eyed and hopeful as he looked at me in the mirror.

"Do the challenge," he repeated. "Just like they told you, then it'll all be cool."

"Are you sure?" I asked, but just then the door opened and some other kids were coming in and Kyle walked away without another word.

Oh man! I really had to think about that. I'd have to sneak into the girls' locker room and go through the lockers, stealing clothes from girls who were in gym class. Then I'd have to put them on and then walk through the library at 2:15 in the afternoon. Right? Was that the challenge? Yeah. And all I had to do was not get busted and somehow live with the fact that everyone in school would know what I'd done, which meant I would get busted! I'd also be some kind of weird pervert who liked to wear girls' clothes in public!

But I could almost explain that. I mean, it was just a prank and everybody likes a good joke. Stacy would still be my girlfriend and so nobody would think I was a fag, since she was a seriously hot cheerleader. But even if the other kids thought it was funny, whoever I stole the clothes from wouldn't find it very amusing. Especially the girl whose bra and panties I would be wearing. She might have something to say about that! And the principal wouldn't be very happy about it, nor would my parents after he called them. Especially my dad! Uh, gee, we caught your son cross-dressing at school, Colonel...

That was a training accident waiting to happen. Definitely.

But did I want to get the silent treatment for two and half more days? Obviously not, since I was skipping my history class and sneaking into the girls' locker room at 1:30 on a Tuesday afternoon! I really hoped I wouldn't go to jail for this!
Chapter 5 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 5
Chapter 4 Mail Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: 9/13/2009, 3:08:50 AM

I felt like James Bond or somebody. Like a secret agent spy guy sneaking through the top secret lair of a mad scientist bent on taking over the world.

The only person who was mad though was me, and the only thing I wanted to take over was Shauna Hanson's panties! I'd been inside the girls' locker room once before, but I hadn't been alone and it hadn't been in the middle of the school day. Shauna, like thirty other senior girls, would be somewhere outside playing volleyball or doing sit-ups, or ... something. Girls' gym class was usually kind of nice to watch, but not today!

Shauna seemed to be about my size, since I'm not really all that large anyway and she was two years older. Plus, the girl was downright hot! I mean, she was probably the hottest white girl in the whole school and normally that would have meant trouble. Beauty equals popularity, after all, and popularity equals power and a really gorgeous chick like Shauna could squash me with a dirty look, probably. Except the thing about Shauna was that she didn't use her super powers! She wasn't a cheerleader, she didn't hang out with the cool kids, and she didn't walk around like a stuck-up bimbo on steroids or anything like that.

If any girl in the school might not make a fuss about a boy stealing her bra and panties, and then parading through the library in her underwear, well ... it might be Shauna. I hoped. And besides, did I tell you the girl was hot? If I had to wear a pair of panties, I'd rather they'd been wrapped around Shauna's tight round ass than some other girl's flabby bubble butt, you know? Heck, I could have almost stolen all of her clothes and been happy, sorta, except for the fact that I needed to wear a skirt and blouse. Shauna had been wearing a pair of old, acid washed jeans and that wouldn't satisfy Stacy or her friends. I needed a pair of stockings and high heel shoes too!

"Shauna..." I muttered, opening and closing lockers quickly, trying to be quiet, but trying to hurry as well.

I didn't have a lot of time for this operation before I had to get to the drop zone and blow smoke, which is what they always said in the movies. My dad would've known what that stuff meant and for just a second or two I wished he was there to give me some fatherly advice about infiltrating enemy lines! Because if I got caught, I'd be interrogated for sure and everyone cracks eventually. Nobody can hold out forever and when they finally broke me, I'd tell them every ... whoa!

"Yes!" I smiled as I found Shauna's locker and her pants were hanging on a hook, her halter top thingy too, and on the top shelf I found her panties and bra.

The bra looked pretty ordinary to me, but they only come in two flavors anyway so far as most sixteen-year-old boys are concerned: plain and uber-sexy! Of course even plain bras are pretty cool and I fondled the soft, thickly padded cups for a moment, feeling my dick getting hard despite my nervousness. I had to get going! I took her panties too and they were definitely of the used variety! I grabbed the sort of wadded up ball of pink cotton in my fist and then let go as if they'd burned my fingers. Shauna's panties were wet! And not just wet, but ... sticky, kinda. Definitely gooey!

I hung her bra around my neck with the straps dangling down my chest and picked up her panties carefully. I unwrapped them and found the crotch messy with what had to be cum! Semen, I mean, not girl cum, although I really wasn't entirely sure what girl cum looked like. I knew what boy cum looked like though! And smelled like as the unmistakable musk reached my nose. That stuff had to be fresh and all I could wonder was who had been fucking Shauna during lunch? Thinking about quiet, sexy Shauna getting boned in the middle of school really made my dick throb! I almost put them back though, since the idea of wearing her cummy panties seemed kinda weird. But that would probably be worth bonus points to Stacy and the other girls. God! They'd really love that, unless I was completely mistaken about them and I didn't think I was.

So I kept her panties and closed her locker and went searching for Millie Moore's locker. She was a Goth chick, like a vampire wanna-be, and while there was the possibility that she'd put a curse on me or call forth a demon from the Abyss to eat my soul for stealing her clothes, I figured I'd risk it. There were only three or four Goth kids in the whole school, for one thing, and they were largely ignored by everyone else. Nobody would care if Millie got upset, or at least they wouldn't care enough to kick my ass, put it that way. If she had a boyfriend, and I didn't think she did, it would have been a guy calling himself Wren and he had to be a total pussy! I mean, he was a Goth guy and looked like that fag who sings for the Cure, you know? I figured I could take him if he threw a hissy fit on the playground.

Of course, the best thing about shopping Millie's locker was that she dressed pretty nice, even if all her clothes were black! When I found her locker, I found the mother lode! A short, black miniskirt in some kind of fake satin material with like a gauze of black lace over the top of it. Weird! A black blouse, like a poet's shirt with a big collar and big puffy sleeves and three buttons shaped like vampire teeth. Really weird! And black fishnet stockings to go with her high heel boots, little black ankle boots with silver buckles and one inch spikes. I held one up and wondered if it would fit my foot and decided I'd better try it on real quickly. I wouldn't want to have to sneak back in there just to steal another pair of shoes!

I stuffed all my ill-gotten clothing in my backpack and snuck out of the girls' locker room undetected! I even made it back into my history class for the last ten minutes of it, having told the teacher I'd had a stomach ache. I felt better now, sorta, but stealing those girls' clothes had been the easy part, putting them on and putting on a fashion show in the library...

I giggled to myself when the bell rang, knowing that somewhere right then Shauna was wondering where her cum soaked panties were and probably stressing because those would be some serious evidence against the girl. And Millie would probably be screaming because I'd taken everything except her underwear! She'd have to wear her gym clothes the rest of the afternoon! Shauna would only have to go commando, except she probably had a clean pair of panties anyway, unless she really liked wearing gooey underwear!

Maybe that makes me sound kind of bad, but those girls would get their clothes back anyway. I'd only wear them for as long as it took to get into the library and out the other side. After that, I'd change back to my normal clothes and try to laugh like it had all been a harmless high school prank ... And pray that everyone else laughed with me! If they didn't, I'd be dead meat!

After excusing myself from my drafting class, which had been a cool sounding elective, but turned out to be a really boring one, I retrieved my backpack from my locker and headed for the bathroom. The boys' bathroom, which was conveniently located right next to the library. I had ten minutes to get dressed and by this time the reality of what I was doing had sunk deep down into my guts.

Did I really want to dress up in girls' clothes and walk around in front of the thirty or forty kids who were bound to be in the library for study hall? No! Of course not! I could have dumped those stolen clothes anywhere, let them be found, and nobody would have been any wiser. I could have gotten away with it. Except I'd still have to spend the next almost three full days being completely, utterly ignored by my girlfriend and her friends and even my friends! The dreaded silent treatment had proven itself stronger than my meek ego and so I really had no choice.

My dick had gotten hard again for some reason. Too many hormones or something. Too many confused feelings as well. I undressed in one of the stalls and the first thing I put on was Shauna's panties. Her wet, semen filled pink panties and I couldn't tell you why, but just the idea gave me a serious rush! Some guy had fucked her and his cum had leaked out of her pussy and into the cotton. I could feel it cool and greasy, smell it strongly as I held the girl's panties to my face, and even taste the salty flavor as I licked across the crotch with my tongue.

I imagined it was Stacy's semen, although I knew it wasn't, but that's just how desperate I'd truly become. So, you'll understand why I was doing all this. I mean, licking the cum off some chick's panties? That's kinda sick and I was embarrassed just standing there by myself in the locked stall of an empty bathroom. But I still did it and then I pulled those panties on! They weren't very tight either, since Shauna was like an inch taller than me anyway and probably weighed about the same. I mean, I was a pretty skinny boy and if I had a lot in my pockets I might have weighed 130 pounds or something, but closer to 120, probably.

I'd always hated being little, but now I almost didn't mind as I blinked at the sensation of Shauna's soft panties pulled snug against my small pink balls and straining penis. I could feel that cum too! It felt kind of squishy maybe, a little uncomfortable as it wasn't warm or anything, but it totally reminded me of how Stacy's cum had leaked out of my butt after she'd fucked me the day before. That's why I liked those panties and why I wanted to wear them. I missed the feeling of being nasty down there after some serious sex with my transsexual girlfriend!

Thoughts of jerking off filled my mind, or jilling off anyway. I kind of liked the way it felt to rub my dick through the tight cotton, like a girl rubbing her clit sorta, and the idea of adding a big load of my own ball juice to the mix seemed like a pretty good one. Except I didn't have time for that! I had to figure out how to wear a bra! It was a little confusing at first, even though I could see how the stupid thing was supposed to work. I just couldn't seem to get those little hooks in the back, no matter how much I twisted and turned and reached, grunting and frowning, and ... there! I finally got it. Stupid bra!

At least it had a lot of padding and I realized Shauna's tits must have been a lot smaller than they looked. I mean, her bra had like fake tits built right into it! That seemed cool though and I sorta stood there for a moment just squeezing the cups of my bra with my hands and pretending like I had real boobs. That would be so weird!

I pulled on the fishnet stockings next and they had some kind of elastic thing around the tops. They came about halfway up my pale thighs and looked pretty cool since my legs were totally white and the few hairs I had growing were on my shins and so short and blonde nobody would even notice them. Why was I worried about leg hair anyway though? I rolled my eyes and pulled on Millie's black skirt with the shroud thing, like wearing a shadow over the satin. It seemed okay, but maybe a little tight around my waist. I could definitely feel the draft blowing up my skirt though and that made me giggle! I'd spent my whole life wearing pants, so this was completely new for me and I tried to pretend I wasn't a cross-dressing pervert, but only Scottish ... As if there's a difference?

You know why Scottish guys wear kilts? Because sheep can hear a zipper a mile away!

Anyway, I didn't have a lot of time to remember stupid jokes, even though that one made me grin as I pulled that weird, black poet's shirt over my head. It made me look like a blonde Lord Byron on his way to a funeral, I thought, but that sobered me up because a funeral could be precisely where I was headed! My own! Once I had those leather ankle boots buckled around my feet and I stood up straight and teetered out of the stall to see myself in the mirror ... Whoa!

I looked like a sixteen year old boy with a serious crush on that chick from Underworld, who was definitely a Goth hottie, but still ... I didn't look any more girlish than I normally did. Except that bra gave me some real tits and those stockings gave me some real legs, like girl legs, not boy legs. And especially the way that skirt hugged my ass and it was a little too short anyway, so the tops of my stockings showed and a bit of bare white thigh above them. Okay. So maybe from the neck down I sorta almost definitely looked like a girl, but that wasn't my fault. I was wearing girl clothes!

The rest of me, my face, still looked like me. I had a pretty face anyway though. Everyone always said so. Seriously. It was the reason, one of them, that Stacy had picked me to be her faggot boyfriend, because I did look pretty. So did some of the other guys, like Dave was pretty and especially Kyle! That boy probably should have been a girl. All I needed was a little makeup, I thought. Some eye shadow stuff and some lipstick maybe and some ... Wait! I blinked at myself and shook my long blonde hair at my reflection. I wasn't a girl and I didn't want to be a girl and I didn't even look like a girl. I looked like me wearing girls' clothes. End of story.

That made me feel better. Sorta.

Mostly I wanted to puke as I contemplated leaving the bathroom. I looked at my watch and it was 2:10 already, but I still had five minutes to wait and anyone could walk inside the bathroom! So I hid in the stall and prayed. My gut ached and my heart was pounding. I couldn't hardly breathe as I struggled to control my nervous fear. I couldn't walk around dressed like this ... Could I? But I had to. It would make Stacy happy and she'd forgive me and I'd pass the challenge. My life would go back to being normal and I could suck Stacy's cock and ... Jesus! I felt like a total fag! I even thought like a fag and those clothes weren't helping, especially Shauna's cummy panties as I felt the stuff oozing around my own swollen dick and tight, eager balls.

That whole situation hardly seemed fair and I really had to push myself out the door at precisely 2:14 on a Tuesday afternoon, walking the dozen feet to the east doors of the library and taking a deep breath...

Stacy sat in the library and I noticed her right away, sharing a table with Heather and Veronica. Dave and Kevin were there too and they all looked at me! I wasn't invisible anymore! At another table sat Wendy, Paula, and Karen. Their boyfriends, Josh, Kyle, and Jimmy all stared at me as well. Kyle gave me a smile and just a tiny nod of his head, which I found totally reassuring.

Rita sat with Brad and a few of the other cheerleaders, the white ones who also ruled the school. In fact, it seemed like half the school was in the library! I'd never seen it so crowded before and I knew for a fact most of my friends were supposed to be in other classes right then. Probably most of the kids who were in there had skipped out of their regular classes just so they could see me dressed in stolen girl clothes! That thought almost made me turn around and run, except I'd probably just break an ankle doing that! Walking in heels isn't really amazingly hard, but it does take a little practice just because you have to step a little differently than you do in sneakers.

I had no choice but to walk slowly and my little white ass wiggled from side to side without a lot of effort on my part. I tried to look up too, smiling just because I had to sell this as a joke, you know? A funny prank, like streaking or something, except with clothes on. If I looked miserable and terrified and as deeply humiliated as I felt, well, nobody would think it was very funny then! The irony wasn't lost on me as I realized that perhaps only my dad, who was in fact the only real fearless man I'd ever met, could have appreciated the iron discipline and sheer bravery required to strut across some forty plus yards of wide open library in front of at least a hundred grinning, laughing, whispering, finger pointing, mocking teenagers.

"Those are my clothes!" Millie suddenly yelled and the place had been reasonably quiet until then, but as soon as she said that ... Oh man! It got kind of crazy!

"Do you know what kind of trouble you're in?" Principal Jefferson Davis asked me in his baritone voice and I shook my head sadly.

"No sir," I whispered.

"The deep kind," the man said, and he was large and black, kind of older maybe, but a handsome man nonetheless.

He reminded me of Bruce Willis in a way, if Bruce Willis had been black, I mean. They had the same look, sorta, but more to the point, Principal Jefferson Davis, or JD as the students called him, had that larger than life presence. Like my dad, you know? I bet he would have made a real good Marine.

"I've already called your father," he told me and I looked up, blinking quickly at that news. "He's on his way. This is a serious business, Mr. Turner. A very serious business."

"Yes sir," I muttered, looking back down at my hands.

"Is there some particular reason you thought dressing up in that..." he smiled at me as I sat there still dressed in Millie's clothes, " ... outfit would be funny?"

"Ummm..." I cleared my throat. "It was kind of a dare thing."

"A dare?" The man shook his head with a sigh. "Do you accept a lot of dares, Mr. Turner?"

"Uh..." I glanced up at him and shrugged.

"For example," he said slowly, lowering his voice and leaning forward slightly, "if I dared you to do something ... would you do it?"

"I don't know," I swallowed hard, looking at his face and avoiding his eyes through my long, blonde bangs.

"What if it meant that you wouldn't be suspended for three days?"

"Suspended?" I bit my lip.

"Perhaps for much longer than that," JD nodded with a sympathetic smile. "I can only imagine what the school board will decide to do with you. Stealing clothing from the girls' locker room, skipping classes, changing in the bathroom, waltzing through the library and disturbing the good order and discipline we try so hard to maintain..."

"I'm sorry," I said, meaning it too.

"It's very possible the board might decide that a boy like yourself doesn't belong in a public school," he told me. "Perhaps you need to be someplace more ... structured. An environment which relies less on the student's sense of responsibility."

"Oh!" I closed my eyes.

"I'm not sure that would be the best thing for you though," he told me and I opened my eyes again. "And my recommendation will certainly influence the board's decision."

"Yes sir," I agreed, hoping his friendly tone and gentle smile meant he wouldn't let them kick me out of school. I wasn't exactly sure what that other place might be, but it sounded a lot like the military schools my dad always talked about. I knew I wouldn't want to go to one of those!

"So, I'll ask you again, Mattie," JD smiled. "What would a pretty white boy like you do to stay out of trouble?"

"Uhhhh..." I blinked at him.

"We have time," he said, looking pointedly at his watch. "Your father said he wouldn't be here until after three."

"Um..." I felt my face turn crimson as I understood exactly what he was suggesting, but just in case I didn't...

"So why don't you get on your knees and take out my dick," the principal said, pushing himself away from his desk and gesturing at a spot on the carpet.

"But I'm not..." I started protesting and he chuckled at that.

"You're Stacy's new faggot, right?" he asked me and I just stared wide-eyed. "So don't tell me you don't know your way around a cock, Mattie. We both know what a pussy cocksucker like you needs, don't we?"

I had no choice as the man smiled, coaxing me onto the floor with a knowing look in his eyes and an obvious lump in his pants. My heart stuttered and I licked my lips, feeling shocked and dismayed that the principal knew about Stacy and how much I loved sucking her beautiful cock.

"That's it," he nodded, watching as I knelt between his spread legs and unzipped his trousers with trembling fingers. "All you white boys love black dick. Can't help it, can you?"

"No sir," I whispered, my guts knotting up with fear and excitement, my body burning with shame as I pulled his still flaccid cock free of his pants. Even soft, the principal had a big dick! His dark meat felt hot and heavy in my hands, soft at first, but growing slowly longer and more firm as I tugged his soft skin back and forth over the muscle beneath.

"Oh, you sweet little slut," he sighed, reaching for my head and stroking my hair. "Do you like my dick?"

"Yeah," I breathed, staring at the way the principal's penis continued to grow beneath my fingers, it was getting huge!

"Take my balls out too, Mattie," he told me. "You have to warm them up first, didn't your mommy teach you that?"

"N-No sir," I answered, reaching inside his trousers with my left hand to find his sperm filled testes wrapped inside a generous, hairy sack of soft, dark scrotum.

"Yeah, that's it, bitch," he sighed with pleasure as I pulled his balls free and the pungent aroma of his sweat and piss and the faint, familiar smell of something else filled my nose. "You're a real cockslut, aren't you? A little white bitch for black cock?"

"Yesssss..." I sighed, helpless to deny the truth. I was fascinated with the principal's cock, almost desperately hungry for it.

"Don't be shy," he chuckled. "Give them a kiss, white boy. Wash my balls ... Use a lot of tongue too ... And look at me, sissy. Let me see those pretty blue eyes while you love my balls."

I did exactly as the man told me to, holding his huge cock with my right hand while I caressed his ballsack with the left. I pressed my open mouth against the soft skin, feeling his thick, curling pubic hair tickling my face as I worked my tongue over, under and around his large balls. The man's cock was big as Florida, as Hemingway once said, and that made it just my size! It looked like the sort of prick you see on the internet. The principal's meat had grown incredibly long and thick, and hard as steel as it rested against my face, rubbing over my left eye and drooling precum into my hair.

"I've been letting white boys like you suck my dick since I was in grade school," he told me. "Most of them liked to pretend they weren't queer, but as soon as they saw a real man's cock..."

"Mmmph!" I blinked at him as the man pulled my face harder against his cock and balls.

" ... they dropped to their knees quick," he said with a deep laugh. "Just like you, Mattie, born to suck and fuck black dick."

"Ummp hmph!" I agreed, curling my tongue under one of his fat balls and sucking it into my mouth.

"White boys," he snorted. "This is why I love my job. Suck the other one too, slut."

I worshipped the principal's balls for a good five minutes before he seemed satisfied with my efforts. I drank some cool air into my lungs and licked my lips as he held a fistful of blonde hair with one hand and used the other to slap my face with his heavy prick. Precum had started leaking from the bulbous glans and soft, wet smacking noises filled the office while he teased me with his dick.

"Stick out your tongue," he told me and when I did, the man slapped me there as well before wiping clear precum around my bruised lips like it was lipstick.

I couldn't help but lap at his majestic prick every time it got close enough for my tongue to reach it. I could taste his dark skin sort of bitter-sweet, tinged with salt, and the principal finally let me have the full length of his dick. I dragged my tongue upward along the underside and swirled it around the head, exploring the pronounced crown and dripping piss hole. I bathed every inch of the man's cock and then opened wide to take the head inside my hungry mouth.

"You like the taste, white boy?" he asked me as I nursed on glans and perhaps another fat inch besides. "I had a little faggot pussy for lunch today. One of your friends, Brad Connors ... Fucked him right here on my desk while his girlfriend watched."

"Umph?" I widened my eyes as I bobbed up and down on the man's cock, feeling my lips stretched about as far as they could go while his cockhead filled my mouth completely.

"Didn't know that, huh?" the principal chuckled. "I get a piece of white pussy every day during lunch. Sooner or later it was going to be your turn..."

"Mmmph..." I groaned as he pushed my face down a little farther, forcing his cockhead against the back of my mouth and making me gag softly.

" ... and now it's here," he said. "So you'd better get used to this, Mattie You're going to be seeing a lot of my dick from now on."

Thankfully, Principal Jefferson Davis didn't make me try to deepthroat him or anything, but that would have been about impossible. He was happy with me taking about a third of his dick between my lips and using my small, white hands on the rest of him. I loved his cock too! I couldn't help it. Even though he was obviously a man, and didn't even pretend otherwise the way Stacy and the other cheerleaders did, all I cared about was his dick.

It seemed awesome to me. So big and black, so strong and thick the way a real cock should be. It overpowered me just by its presence and I would have done anything to suck him off every day if he'd let me. Knowing I had to share that stiff, black cock with six other boys made me sort of jealous and I really worked to give the man the best blowjob he'd ever had. I slobbered all over it, drooling spit and precum down the shaft and massaging it onto the glistening shaft with my fingers. I swallowed a lot too and I'd lift my mouth and just let the juices spill out of me, getting him nice and wet all over before I took him back in my mouth.

"Uhhmmm..." the principal sighed after a long ten minutes of serious mouth fucking. "You really love that dick, huh boy? You want my cum too?"

"Mmpph!" I agreed, trying to nod around the prick buried in my face and I gave him my eyes, begging for a big load of hot cum for my tummy.

"Yeah ... Uh ... Fuck, you little white whore..." he breathed, grimacing slightly as he lifted his hips and pulled me down hard on his suddenly spurting cock. "Swallow it, bitch! Eat my cum, you faggot slut!"

A rush of creamy semen flooded my mouth, bulging my cheeks outward as I choked on it. I tried to swallow, but his cockhead was lodged right at the entrance to my throat and I gagged hard. Cum squirted out the corners of my mouth and I felt like I was drowning. I couldn't breathe and I slapped his powerful thighs and tried to push myself off, but the principal refused to let me go as his balls emptied inside me.

A brief eternity later, he did relax and I swallowed thickly, gulping down large mouthfuls of a black man's cum just so I could breathe again. The principal smiled, nodding his head as he rubbed his slimy dick all over my face. I just tied to catch my breath mostly, sucking air between my slack lips and swallowing repeatedly to get all the cum down in my belly. A lot of it ran down my chin as I sat back on my heels. Semen dripped onto my black blouse ... Millie's black blouse ... and Shauna's maiden-form bra beneath it. Under my skirt and inside the damp panties I wore, my own small, white dick strained for release. I'd gotten seriously hard while sucking the principal's dick and I wished I could jill off right then. Just a touch would be enough, but I didn't move. I just stared at the man's cum covered penis and licked my lips.

"What are you waiting for, boy?" he asked me. "You know what to do with a dirty black dick."

I did know what to do and I spent five minutes licking every drop of semen from the principal's cock and balls I could find. I even sucked up a few small blobs that stained his trousers, sucking on the wool until he pushed me away and started putting his semi-hard cock back into his pants. I felt a twinge of guilty regret that he didn't want to fuck me just then, but maybe next time...

"Matthew?" Dad blinked at me as I sat there in the principal's office wearing Millie's clothes, Shauna's cum filled underwear, and a lot of semen still wet on my face. He hadn't let me clean myself up at all and I almost burst into tears with shame.

"I caught him performing oral sex on one of the other students," Principal Jefferson Davis told my dad a few minutes later with a sad sigh. "Dressed like ... that ... on his knees in one of the bathroom stalls."

"What?" I gasped, blinking at the man, but one look shut me up quickly, and both the principal and my dad had given me hard stares.

"The other boy, well ... I can't really blame him," the principal continued. "I mean, look at your son, Colonel."

My dad had a red face and a set jaw and clenched teeth. I imagine that's exactly how he'd looked just before storming a machine gun nest in Afghanistan single handedly, armed with nothing but a knife and a lot of rage at seeing his men getting mowed down. I'd heard the story and read the citation, but I'd never really imagined it ... until now.

"But Mattie's a good kid," the principal offered with a smile. "Very popular with the other students, helpful in class, a model student except for his, uh ... sexuality, lets say."

"I didn't..." I started, but the principal held up his hand and my dad just glared at me with a soft growl.

"So I'd be willing to give him another chance," the man said, making it sound like he was doing me a real favor. "Nobody else knows about this and we could keep it just between the three of us, I think."

"Grrrr..." Dad replied.

"Of course, my biggest concern is for Mattie," the principal continued. "I think if he's more comfortable dressing like that and coming to school as a girl, we can accommodate him. We don't discriminate here, Colonel, as much as I have to admit this sort of behavior offends my male pride. We're still a school and our young people have to learn tolerance, even acceptance of individuals like our Mattie here."

"W-What?" I blinked at him.

"Some of our other students are the same way," he said with a soft chuckle. "I blame it on that music they listen to. That rap music especially, teaching young, impressionable white boys like Mattie to feel certain ... desires ... for the young black men in our small community."

"But..." I hated rap music!

"Did I mention the other student is black?" the principal asked. "Not that it really matters, but he is. A very healthy black man, and one of our finest student athletes as well. I'd hate to see his opportunities squandered simply because a pretty white boy seduced him into homosexual act."

"Grrrr..." Dad stared at me.

"I don't mean to imply that the other student is gay," the principal added quickly. "Far from it, let me assure you, Colonel. Mattie, on the other hand ... He just needs to adjust to his newfound sexuality and learn to control his, uh ... urges. I'm sure you agree with me when I say we'd love to have her stay at Hathaway High as one of our prized female students."

"Her?" I blinked at the man. "Wait ... Female?"

"Grrrr..." Dad agreed.

"I know you'll want to talk it over with your missus," the principal smiled. "How is Mrs. Turner, by the way? I did so much enjoy our little chat during the open house. Pity you couldn't make it that night, Colonel, we had a lovely time getting to know each other. You're a lucky man! Perhaps she could come by my office tomorrow and I'll speak with her about Mattie directly?"

"Grrrr..." was the last thing my dad said to me before we left, but I think he was talking to Principal Jefferson Davis anyway.

"Mattie?" Mom knocked on my door that night and opened it slowly. "Are you okay, dear?"

"No," I said into my pillow.

"I talked to your father and..."

"What did he say?" I asked, without looking at her.

"He growled a lot," she giggled. "He just needs some time to get used to things."

"Did he tell you what happened?"

"He told me," she agreed. "Turn over now. Talk to me like a real person."

"I didn't do anything with anybody in the bathroom," I told her, rolling over on my bed and looking up at her.

"I know." Mom nodded.

"The principal was lying and..." I blinked at her, " ... You know?"

"I talked with your principal this evening," she said. "He stopped by the hospital. He's very concerned about you."

"But ... He lied to Dad!"

"Well, of course he did!" Mom giggled. "You don't think he'd tell your father that you gave him a blowjob, do you?"

"W-What?"

"Mr. Davis does have a very large penis, doesn't he?" Mom sighed. "I don't blame you, Mattie. He explained how a lot white boys are drawn to strong, handsome black men. I'm very proud of you."

"Y-You are? But..."

"And he's such a nice man too, understanding your needs the way he does," she continued. "I know he's not gay or anything, but being an educator like he is, Mr. Davis feels a certain responsibility for his students. You should always remember that, dear, and be grateful you have a principal who really cares."

"I do, but..."

"So don't you worry about being overcome with desire," she said with a smile. "It's perfectly natural for a boy your age to lust after a hard penis. Especially a black one!"

"It wasn't like that!" I said, feeling completely confused. I hadn't been overcome by desire for the principal's huge dick, at least not at first!

"And you'll make such a perfect daughter, Mattie!" Mom exclaimed with a bright smile. "I've always thought you should have been born a girl! Your father never believed me, but he does now."

"What?"

"Well, obviously you stole those clothes for a reason!" she said, making it sound obvious. "And I think the principal's suggestion that we let you explore your feelings and sexuality ... and your father agrees completely! I think.

"He does?" I wasn't really sure what we were talking about.

"He will," Mom nodded happily. "Once he sees you in the new dress I bought for you..."

"You bought me a dress?" I blinked at her. "But Mom ... I'm a boy!"

"I know," she shrugged. "And a very pretty one too, so don't be shy! You'll make a wonderful girl too!"

"But..."

"I managed to get out of work a little early and I just barely made it to the mall before it closed," she giggled, taking my hands and practically shaking with excitement. "Come on! You can try everything on in my room!"

" ... Mom!"

"This will be so much fun!" she gushed happily, pulling me off my bed.

It wasn't until Thursday morning that I went back to school and I'll admit I wasn't just a little nervous. I was terrified! Dave and the other guys picked me up, as usual, and I felt a warm sense of relief that the silent treatment thing was over anyway. If it hadn't been, I'd have been taking the bus again, except I'm reasonably sure Mom would have let me drive to school if I'd asked. As I walked out of the house, I knew Mom would be watching through the windows, being over protective like she was and I resisted the urge to look over my shoulder.

"Oh shit!" Josh blinked at me, having gotten out of the passenger seat to get in the back of Dave's Nova with Kyle. They really were best friends and liked to sit together.

"Matt?" Kyle stared from the open door, leaning forward and smiling. "You look ... hot!"

"Do I?" I giggled just like I'd been practicing and kind of posed for the three boys as Dave leaned out the driver's window to get a good look as well.

"Jeeze!" the boy grinned, looking me up and down as I stood there in my new clothes. Mom had bought some stuff Tuesday night, but we'd gone to the mall on Wednesday too.

"Stacy's gonna freak out," Josh predicted. "What is that? Leather?"

"Is she?" I pouted, pressing my red lips together in a tiny frown, ignoring his question about my red mini-skirt. It seemed awfully short to me and I'd wondered aloud the afternoon before...

"You don't think it makes me look kind of ... slutty?" I asked, turning my hips in front of the mirror.

"I don't know," Mom narrowed her eyes and glanced at the young salesgirl. "What do you think?"

"The slutty look is in this year," she offered with a bright smile. "And it's so easy to accessorize too!"

"It is?" I smiled at her reflection in the mirror and her little name tag said 'Swan' on it, which seemed like a cool name.

She had blue streaks in her shaggy blonde hair and a pierced nose with an aquamarine stud through it, you know, really light blue like her eyes. She even had a little tribal tattoo thing around her pierced belly button, although she kept tugging her skinny t-shirt down and probably the store had rules about looking to sexy. Anyway, I figured she probably knew all about fashion and Swan didn't mind giving advice either!

"Oh yeah!" she laughed lightly. "Leather is awesome and red is totally your color!"

"It does look nice," Mom agreed. "But should she be showing off her butt like that?"

"Well!" Swan rolled her eyes playfully. "See, what we do is pull it way down, like this..."

We watched as the girl yanked the mini-skirt down my narrow hips, to the point where the waistband of my white thong was plain as day. That did help hide the bottom of my pert ass, but the top was definitely showing then and I told her I didn't want to look like a plumber or anything!

"Nobody is going to think you're a plumber!" Swan grinned at me. "See ... You can use one of the belts. Just put it around your waist and you don't really buckle it tight, leave it loose. That way it looks cool and it hides you in the back!"

"Ohhh..." Mom nodded and that black vinyl belt did look pretty cool. It was really wide and kinda half-buckled in the front, so it looked like I hadn't bother getting completely dressed or whatever. Like a casual look, or something.

"Or if you like the white belts, they look awesome too!" Swan told us. "Wear some white tights or even stockings maybe ... With your legs ... Wow!"

"Wow?" I giggled and I'd been sort of embarrassed just to be in the store at first, but I'd sort of forgotten about it.

"What about on top?" Mom wondered. "Mattie isn't very well developed and..."

"Oh, she's perfect!" Swan waved my mom's concerns away. "Big boobs are so last year!"

"They are?" I pursed my lips and Mom didn't look to sure either.

"Everyone wants to be natural now and the whole less-is-more thing is totally hip," the salesgirl told us with a nod. "Believe me, flat-chested girls are really hot!"

"Okay," I shrugged, thinking there wasn't a girl in the world less natural or more flat-chested than me! I mean, I wasn't even a girl!

"You just have to show off your nipples a little more," Swan told me, giving the plain t-shirt I'd worn an open look. "I mean, I can't even tell you have any! Are you wearing a bra?"

"Yeah," I admitted with m face reddening noticeably.

"She just started wearing a training bra," Mom told the girl and I shot her an unhappy look. "What? It's nothing to be ashamed of, Mattie."

"That's okay," Swan shrugged. "Are your nipples really puffy? Do they get super tender? Mine used to drive me crazy!"

"Not yet," Mom answer for me as I found myself checking out Swan's smallish, but rather nice tits. "Mattie's a late bloomer, I'm afraid. But I think she'll have wonderful breasts when she grows up."

"Mom," I frowned and I felt really self-conscious then.

"Some girls are like that," Swan agreed with a giggle. "If you have really great nipples though? You should definitely show them off."

"I should?" I almost smiled, just because the girl was so friendly.

"Oh yeah!" she wiggled her eyebrows and leaned close enough to whisper in my ear. "Guys go crazy for puffy nipples, you know."

"They do?" I did smile then, just because I'd been a guy and I did like big, fat nipples a lot! Or at least, I'd used to like them, I thought with something like an inward frown.

"You're so cute anyway though," Swan sighed. "You'll be beating all the boys off in no time!"

"Oh! She already does that!" Mom laughed, plainly getting the joke and teasing me about it. She could be really weird sometimes.

"I bet!" Swan giggled too. "How long have you been a girl?"

"Uh!" I blinked at her, realizing she knew I was a boy and probably had known all along.

"Since Tuesday afternoon," Mom answered for me.

"Tuesday? Really?" Swan showed me her long pink tongue. "Are you the boy who stole that girl's clothes?"

"You heard about that?" I barely managed to whisper, really needing a hole to hide in just then as my humiliation became unbearable.

"Shauna's my little sister," she sort of smirked. "Did her panties fit okay?"

"Uhhh..." I looked down at my feet, feeling ready to cry.

"Mattie's going to return them tomorrow at school," Mom promised. "With a sincere apology. Isn't that right, Mattie?"

"Yeah," I whispered.

"I'm just teasing you a little," Swan giggled at my discomfort. "And Shauna understands, believe me! The things she used to do when she was a boy..."

"Shauna's a boy?" I looked up quickly at that and the girl nodded.

"Used to be. Yeah. You didn't know?" she asked. "Shauna's been a girl since she turned twelve and our dad caught him wearing my panties!"

"Is that right?" Mom laughed lightly and shared a smile with the salesgirl.

"That night, Daddy threw all his boy clothes away and..." Swan shrugged, " ... the rest is history. She a total slut too! God! You're probably lucky you didn't find a mess in her panties! She loves to jill off in class."

"She does?" I swallowed hard, realizing that the cum I'd found in Shauna's panties had been her own! Shauna had a dick!

"It's that rap music she listens too," she said with a roll of her eyes. "I like Emo myself. Hey! You wanna go see Chemical Romance with us this weekend? They're having a big party at the Needle, it's gonna be crazy!"

"Oh, um..." I glanced at my mom and I wasn't even sure what a Chemical Romance was!

"We'll see," Mom said and I didn't think she knew what the girl was talking about either.

"You can talk to Shauna about it," Swan told me. "It'll be fun, I promise! So, ummm ... You wanna look at some tops to go with your skirt?"

And now, a day later, I wore that same red mini-skirt low on my hips with the wide, white belt and matching white stockings. A pair of black shoes and a black t-shirt with the Rolling Stones tongue thing on the front that looked cool and funny at the same time. I had a white purse and a black leather jacket, but only a thin one that Mom thought looked really cute on me. A pair of garnet studs in my freshly pierced ears, just because my birthday is in January, and a little makeup to make my lips extra kissable and my blue eyes pop!

I looked like a total girl, except for my flat chest under the training bra I had to wear. "Just to get used to wearing one, dear," Mom had said. And of course my sort of hard penis and freshly shaved balls in my lacy white panties. Mom had insisted on teaching my how to keep my little girlish boy parts clean and neat, with a lot of soothing, scented baby oil afterwards and it actually felt kind of nice. I had a new Swatch, a little white one, and a few silly rings and bracelets, like costume jewelry for mall rats, but Mom had insisted and so I sorta jingled when I walked.

"Stacy is gonna freak," Josh repeated and then he laughed.

"The whole school is gonna freak," Dave decided. "And we're gonna be late. Let's go already!"

"Sit in the back with me," Kyle said, getting a look from Josh. "Where did you get that outfit?"

"Saucy's!" I giggled as I climbed in to sit next to the boy. "You really like it?"

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "You look like a total girl."

"God!" I made a face. "I hope so! I'm scared to death!"

"Nah," Dave shook his head as he looked over his shoulder, supposedly so he could back out of the driveway, but mostly he just looked at me. "Everybody was talking about you yesterday."

"They were?" I bit my bottom lip, even though I wasn't supposed to because it would probably spoil my lipstick. Being a girl was sorta hard!

"Yeah," Kyle agreed. "All the guys were anyway. You looked pretty hot in the library, Mattie."

"I felt like a clown!" I said with a roll of my eyes.

"Where were you yesterday anyway?" Josh wanted to know. "We came by but nobody was home."

"Oh! We were at the hospital," I shrugged. "My dad had a stroke thing."

"He did?" Kyle blinked at me.

"Is he okay?" Dave wondered.

"Oh yeah," I told them. "He's kinda paralyzed though and he can't talk. He just sorta growls a lot."

"Huh!" Josh nodded.

"But he always growls anyway," I giggled and then frowned. "I guess it's kinda my fault though."

"Why?" Kyle asked me, reaching for my shoulder and I let him pull me close for a hug.

"Well, see ... The other night, after Mom decided I was going to be a girl, she dressed me up," I explained. "She got me a new bra and some panties and this really cute dress! It's sort of pink. Anyway, so she made me dress up and then put some makeup on me, you know, made me pretty!"

"I know!" Josh chuckled as he'd turned around in the front seat.

"So, then I went downstairs to surprise my dad and ... he just had a stroke," I said. "As soon as he saw me, he sorta went white and then he just sat there staring at me."

"Did he collapse or something?" Dave wondered and I shook my head.

"Nope! He just sat there, but like he was frozen," I said. "So I just left, because probably he didn't like me being a girl and then Mom figured out like an hour later that something was wrong."

"That sucks," Josh said and I nodded.

"Yeah," I sighed. "He's still in the hospital, but the Marines are taking care of everything. They said he can probably come home in a week or something."

"That'll be cool," Dave offered. "At least he's okay."

"Yeah," I smiled at our good fortune. "He just can't talk or move his arms very much. He just kinda sits there."

"You guys should get him a big screen TV," Josh suggested. "Something with High Definition and all that."

"Hmmm..." I sorta agreed. "Maybe. My dad never really liked watching TV though. He was always busy killing people or whatever."

"Just get him a bunch of war movies," Kyle said. "Maybe he'd like that."

"Yeah!" I smiled at him. "Maybe. I'll tell my mom."

It was nice to have my friends back and I enjoyed the ride to school a lot, but I couldn't help being nervous. I'd never really been a girl before and at first, like for the first fifteen minutes when Mom had dressed me up, I didn't think I'd like it, but now ... I felt pretty okay with myself, actually. I just hoped Stacy would be okay with having a little white faggot girlfriend. I mean, I knew she liked pretty white boys just fine, but what about white girls? That was the big question and I felt less frightened about what all the other kids at school put together would say, than I did about one Stacy.

If she didn't like me anymore ... I didn't know what I'd do!
Chapter 6 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 6
Chapter 5 Mail Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: 9/15/2009, 2:49:17 AM

"Do you know how embarrassing this is going to be?" Stacy yelled and I blinked back tears, really not wanting to add to my humiliation.

"Calm down, Stace!" Heather told her friend and most of the other cheerleaders nodded and whispered in agreement.

The other boys were staying meek and quiet, but they were checking me out too. Everyone stared at me, and at Stacy of course, as she threw her tantrum. I'd been hoping she'd be okay with me being a girl, sort of. I mean, technically I was still a boy and I had a lot to learn about being a girl, but I'd already grown used to the idea. Like being a girl might have been something I'd always wanted without even realizing it, you know? My mom sure liked the idea and that Swan girl at the mall thought it was cool. The guys all seemed to think I looked pretty hot and even some of the cheerleaders had smiled and nodded their heads when I'd walked into the girls' locker room before school.

Not Stacy though.

"Calm down?" Stacy turned on Heather. "Everybody's gonna think I'm a lesbian! Look at him!"

"I'm sorry," I whispered, flushed with humiliation and not a little despair as I realized how much I disappointed the girl.

"I want a white boyfriend!" Stacy said, emphasizing the word boy. "Not some faggot cross-dressing slut!"

"I dunno," Rita offered with a shrug. "I think Mattie's kinda cute like that."

"Yeah," Wendy nodded. "I'd do her."

"Shut-up!" Stacy yelled at the two girls and looked back to me. "God! All you had to do was dress up, have a little fun, and come running back to me ... Not ... Not ... Not..."

"Get a sex change?" Karen suggested with a giggle. "She's still a boy, Stacy."

"You're still a pussy fag, right?" Veronica asked me and I nodded quickly.

"Yeah ... Yes, uh ... Mistress," I said, even though I thought the Mistress rule only applied at the clubhouse. I wasn't taking any chances and she smiled at that.

"The whole school is going to know my boyfriend is cocksucker!" Stacy shook her head. "What am I supposed to do with you now? Huh?"

"I don't know," I said sadly, looking down at my new shoes, black heels that were surprisingly comfortable.

"You could whore him out," Paula spoke up for the first time. "Make some money off the slut."

That idea got everyone else whispering and exchanging looks, and I just blinked at the girl, wondering if she was serious or not.

"Hmmm..." Stacy pursed her lips and looked me up and down. "I'd have to find a new boyfriend though."

"You need one anyway, right?" Paula shrugged. "Mattie could be club property."

"Club property?" Rita giggled and some of the other girls were nodding.

"He could pay for a lot of parties, I bet," Heather said.

"Twenty for a blowjob, fifty for a fuck?" Karen wondered, looking around at her friends. "What do you think?"

"That's probably about right," Paula agreed. "We can't charge too much."

"Yeah!" Rita grinned. "It's only high school; half those boys don't even have real jobs!"

I just jerked my head around as the seven beautiful, black, transsexual cheerleaders decided my fate. They weren't asking for my opinion either! I felt a wave of nausea or something as I slowly realized they were serious and Stacy was actually considering turning me into a prostitute for their little club. Having a lot of sex sounded like it might be fun, but I seriously doubted I'd enjoy it very much! If being a whore was really great, all the girls would want to do it, don't you think?

Plus the fact that all my customers would be the same boys I went to school with everyday! It would be bad enough once my classmates saw me in my new clothes, in my new makeup, and acting like a girl. I mean, I was probably lucky in that I'd only been at the school for little more than a week, so most of the kids didn't really know me anyway. It might not be too hard for them to accept me as a transsexual or whatever, but if they knew they could get a blowjob or fuck me in exchange for their hard earned milk money ... No way! I wouldn't even be a slut, I'd just be the school whore and even a cross-dressing fag like me wants a little respect!

"All right," Stacy was nodding and I'd been kind of lost in my own unhappy thoughts for a moment. "That's what we'll do then. We'll whore the faggot out and whatever money he makes, we use it for club stuff, parties or whatever."

"You guys have to be Mattie's pimps," Heather said, looking at the six boys. "Kevin's in charge."

"Why him?" Josh wondered with a small scowl.

"Because I said so!" Heather shot back at the boy and Josh swallowed hard.

"And if they fuck it up, you'll know who to kill," Veronica giggled at her and then turned to Kevin. "Just make sure you get cash before anybody fucks her ... Is Mattie a her now or still a him?"

"What the fuck are you, faggot?" Stacy asked me.

"I, uh ... I'm a girl now," I said softly, deciding I'd just have to standup for myself ... kinda.

"Whatever," Veronica waved her hand in my direction. "Get cash before anybody fucks her. No checks, no promises, no bullshit."

"Keep her busy too!" Paula said.

"Yeah," Heather nodded. "More fucking than sucking, we need the money."

"No reason she can't do both at the same time," Karen shrugged.

"Maybe we should offer group rates," Rita suggested.

"Nah," Wendy shook her head. "Let's see how good business is first."

"What if Mattie doesn't want to do it?" Kyle asked, giving me look of genuine sympathy.

"What?" Stacy stared at him and then looked at me. "She wants to, don't worry about that. Don't you, sissy?"

"Ummm..." I swallowed hard and looked down.

"You'd better say yes," Paula warned me. "Otherwise we'll tie you face down over the toilet, shove your panties in your mouth, and charge ten bucks a ride on the Mattie-go-round."

"Ouch!" Karen laughed along with the other girls, and some of the boys too. "For ten bucks, every cock in school's gonna want your ass!"

"Twice!" Wendy agreed with a smirk.

"We might even make more money that way!" Paula giggled, but she was only teasing ... I hoped.

I thought about calling their bluff and just walking away forever, but the hard lesson of the silent treatment had taught me that these girls could be serious about stuff. The idea of being bound and gagged over a toilet didn't appeal to me at all and so it was pretty easy to say...

"Yeah," I nodded, closing my eyes tightly as my face turned fifteen shades of red.

"Yeah what?" Stacy demanded.

"Yes, I want to be, uh ... your whore," I whispered.

"What are you fags giggling at?" Veronica demanded, staring at the other boys. "Anybody else want to be a whore?"

They were all very quiet then, looking down at the floor or at the ceiling and shuffling their feet nervously.

"Didn't think so," she snorted.

"So who's your new boyfriend gonna be?" Paula wondered and Stacy shrugged.

"I don't know yet," she admitted. "Someone a little more manly than this pussy though."

"But not too manly!" Rita giggled.

"Yeah!" Stacy laughed, staring at me and shaking her head. "No more pretty boys for me though, definitely."

About then the first bell rang, announcing five minutes until homeroom started.

"Aw fuck!" Heather frowned. "I didn't even get my dick sucked!"

"Me neither," Karen looked around unhappily and none of the cheerleaders had gotten their customary before school blowjobs. They'd been too busy making plans for me and now it was too late.

Good for them, I thought, but I'd sorta been looking forward to sucking Stacy off. Except she didn't want me anymore and that totally made me ache inside. I felt like crying. In fact, I had been crying, but only a little, the real one would have to wait until I got home and could sob in the privacy of my bedroom. For the time being, I had to go introduce myself to the rest of the school and I had no illusions about the reception I'd get. High school kids can be he biggest jerks in the world.

"Do you think they're really gonna make me do it?" I asked, walking between Kyle and Dave towards our homeroom.

"They sounded pretty serious," Kyle said.

"Yeah," Dave nodded. "They were serious."

"God," I sighed. "I don't want to be a whore."

"Who does?" Kyle asked with a soft laugh, but it didn't cheer me up.

They were the two prettiest boys in school and I mean pretty the way it sounds. All the cheerleader's boyfriends were cute and none of them were manly as Stacy probably defined the word, but the three of us were definitely pretty and now I was trying to be a girl. Kyle wanted to be a girl too, I could tell. As soon as he'd seen me dressed that morning, he hadn't been able to take his eyes off me. Not because I was a hot little blonde girl with a dick either, but because he wondered what he'd look like in sexy girl clothes, with his face made-up and his hair brushed and styled around his shoulders the way mine was.

Kyle didn't want to be a prostitute though and so he wasn't going to say anything. And besides, it would really depend on his parents too. I mean, I'd gotten super lucky with my mom, but what were the chances of Kyle having cool parents? Not very, I thought, and it made me wonder about our girlfriends. How do seven black boys become seven seriously hot cheerleaders without anybody noticing that they have dicks? Didn't they ever have to get naked for gym class, or after cheerleading practice or whatever?

Some of those girls had tits too, like all the older ones did. Stacy, Heather and Veronica, and Wendy too ... They all had perfectly firm, gorgeous breasts. Only the younger girls, Rita, Paula, and Karen had smaller tits, but they were still awesome! They had to be getting some of that female hormone treatment that my mom had been talking about, except she said it would probably make my little dick even smaller and not as hard as often. Those girls had huge cocks! And they were always hard, it seemed to me. So maybe they weren't on hormones and just ... What?

"Hey! Who's the new girl?" a boy's voice interrupted my thoughts.

"Wassup?" a seriously cute black guy smiled at me. Reggie somebody or other, I thought.

"Don't walk so fast," a third boy chuckled, making me feel naked the way he looked at me.

They were three of the seniors, some of the school jocks, and all three of those boys were tall and sorta muscular. The other two were white and I wasn't really interested in them, but Reggie had caught my eye! I smiled at him over my shoulder, dropping my eyes to his crotch and wondering how big his dick might be.

"That guy's so hot!" I giggled softly, catching Kyle's smile as he nodded.

"He's got a nice dick too," Dave told us, whispering as we walked down the hall.

"How do you know?" Kyle wondered, glancing around because it was sorta crowded with kids slamming their lockers and going to their classrooms.

"I sucked him off last year," Dave said with a grin and Kyle and I exchanged doubtful looks. "No! Really. Him and couple other guys at the YMCA."

"Black guys?" I asked and Dave nodded and then tossed his head to get some fine brown hair out of his face.

"Yeah!" he said. "I only like the black meat, you know that."

"You only lick the black meat!" Kyle giggled. "He's queer?"

"No way!" Dave made a face. "They thought they were making me do it."

"They did?" I narrowed my eyes, not really understanding him.

"Yeah," Dave shrugged. "You know, like picking on the little white kid? They said I had to suck their dicks or they'd beat me up."

"God!" Kyle grinned at that. "Did you cry and everything?"

"No," Dave laughed. "We were in the shower, so they wouldn't have been able to tell anyway."

"What did you do?" I asked.

"I just pretended like I really didn't want to do it," Dave said with his green eyes full of mischief. "And then I did all three of them! It was pretty cool."

A minute later I sat down at my usual desk in Ms. Patterson's classroom. She taught English mostly, and French too, but I only had her for homeroom. The other kids were all looking at me, of course, and I could hear them whispering. Some of them knew I was me, but some of them seemed to think I was someone else, like a new girl in school, and that was seriously cool. Except I felt unbelievably nervous and I wore a continual blush on my pretty face. I remembered to cross my legs anyway, and my skirt was amazingly short, even by high school standards! The tops of my white stockings were obvious, the lace pattern hiding the elastic underneath, and I caught Darrel staring.

"Matt?" he asked me and I smiled at him, sort of hopefully because I really wanted to get along with my classmates. Plus, Darrel was a good looking black boy and I'd noticed the lump in his pants plenty of times. That boy had a big dick!

"Matthew?" Ms. Patterson stared at me before I could answer him. She held her attendance sheet and had been checking her students off by sight, but when she saw me...

"Here!" I squeaked, kind of raising my hand and feeling kind of silly, so I put it back down.

"I see that," she said. "Uh ... Okay. Did you bring your note for yesterday?"

"Oh! Yeah," I nodded quickly, opening my purse as thirty kids watched me. Mom had written an excuse letter for the day previously when we'd been at the hospital with my dad.

"Well, bring it up here," Ms. Patterson told me, kind of smiling and I knew she just wanted to get me in front of the class.

I got up slowly, smoothing my skirt, although leather doesn't need a lot of smoothing anyway. I was just nervous. And I walked to the front of the classroom on my heels, click-clicking as I went because the room had gotten sort of quiet. Everyone knew I'd stolen clothes from the girls' locker room a few days before, so I would have been the talk of the town even if I didn't totally look like a girl in my own brand new outfit.

"What a slut!" some girl whispered loudly, Renee Weatherly, I thought, and that totally embarrassed me as everyone started talking then.

"She's hot!"..."He's a fag!"..."Is he crazy?"..."Look at her!"..."Check her out!"..."That's a dude?"

"Settle down!" Ms. Patterson frowned and took the note from my trembling fingers. "So ... What do we call you now, Matthew?"

"Just, um ... Mattie?" I said with a shrug, making it sound like a question. Behind me the class still giggled and whispered and I really didn't want to turn around, but...

"Okay, Mattie..." the teacher nodded, " ... Why don't you introduce yourself to the class."

"W-What?" I blinked at her.

"Class!" She clapped her pen against her desk. "Quiet down. We have a new girl in school and she'd like to say hello."

"A new fag in school!" some boy said from the back and my skin burned with humiliation.

"Go ahead, Mattie," Ms. Patterson told me and I wasn't sure I could even breathe, let alone talk. What did I expect though? I knew I'd have to face the school, I just didn't think a teacher would go out of her way to embarrass me, but that's what it felt like as I turned reluctantly to look at the class.

"I'm, uh ... Mattie," I said softly, not looking at any of their grinning faces.

Kyle was there and Rita as well, the black cheerleader not saying anything, but just smiling at me from the front row. I didn't know if she smiled because she liked me and felt sorry for the teasing, or because Rita enjoyed seeing me humiliated. Kyle definitely looked sympathetic though, and I did catch his soft brown eyes for a second as the boy tried to smile.

"Twat? We cunt hear you!" a big white boy named Eddie laughed and he was sort of a bully, I'd figured that much out in my first week of school.

"Tell us about yourself," Ms. Patterson said. "What do you like to do for fun, Mattie?"

"Besides steal clothes!" a girl giggled.

"I bet I know what she likes to do for fun!" a boy said to a chorus of laughter and crude comments. The girls were just as bad as the boys too, believe me.

"Are you a virgin?"..."I bet she swallows!"..."Who's your boyfriend?"..."Where's your tits?"..."Where's her dick, you mean!"

They were all talking and the teacher wasn't even trying to keep her class quiet. Trying to introduce myself or whatever was pretty pointless and that was the point, Ms. Patterson just wanted to display me in front of the class and it felt like punishment. I stood there for two or three minutes, listening to the stupid things they were saying, before she finally told me to take my seat again so we could get started on homeroom announcements and stuff.

Ms. Patterson was one of the younger teachers, which might have explained her tolerance for the teasing. I mean, she looked like she'd graduated high school three days ago and nobody really took her that seriously anyway. The boys thought she was kinda hot, for being a teacher, and the girls just ignored her. Ms. Patterson wanted to be liked, that was her problem, and so she'd let her class make fun of me. It didn't seem very professional, in my opinion, and I wondered if she just didn't like me, or if she really had something against boys who looked like girls.

I figured I'd be wondering about a lot of people all day long and I sat there with my head down as the "news" played on the television set mounted above the whiteboard. That was how we got announcements every morning, the school's audio-video club put on a television show with students acting like newscasters. It was kinda cool, but right then I thought it was pretty stupid. I thought everything was stupid and I felt like going back home and taking off those stupid clothes and washing my face and just being a boy again.

Except I liked being a girl, or more precisely I liked being a girl with a dick. I knew I'd never want to be a total girl and get some weird operation. I wanted to be like Stacy and the other cheerleaders, even though I was obviously white and my little dickie and pink balls weren't ever going to make a cute boy drool with lust. Still though, that's what I liked, you know? And I especially liked Stacy and her friends, which was why I stayed with them. They were weird and different and strange and ... totally uncaring about anybody but themselves.

Selfish, beautiful, black teenage transsexual cheerleaders. It didn't seem fair. Stacy had picked me and now she wasn't going to let me go. Did I even want her too, though? Part of me wanted to run, but some of me liked the way she told me what to do. I liked the way Stacy ruled me, how she fucked me and called me names, humiliated me every chance she got. I deserved it. That's how it felt anyway. Stacy was black and beautiful and her cock owned me. I didn't think right when she was around, any of them, and those girls only confused me with mixed emotions that left me incapable of making rational decisions. I should have run, but like I said ... It was totally unfair!

"Mattie!" Kevin caught me by the arm as I walked towards my first class of the day.

"Hey," I smiled at him, glad to see a friendly face, but then caught the gleam in his dark blue eyes.

"In here," he said, tugging me towards the boys' bathroom. "You have to be quick though."

"Quick? What?" I sort of stumbled after him as I tried to keep my balance in my heels.

"Your first customer," Kevin said as the bigger boy pulled me through the door.

"But ... No!" I widened my eyes and then saw Bam Mitchell, a black senior and one of the biggest kids in school.

He must have been a foot taller than me and about three hundred pounds of ebony muscle. Everybody called him Bam because his first name was Alabama, but also because his nickname on the football field was Bam-Bam, like the Flintstones character. Except he was black and the club he carried was swinging between his muscular thighs as Bam stood in the middle of the bathroom with his pants around his ankles and his arms crossed over his chest.

"This the faggot?" he asked Kevin, looking me up and down as about six other boys stood near the sinks watching and talking.

"Yeah," Kevin agreed, pushing me forward. "Mattie. She loves black dick."

"Shit! What bitch don't?" one of the other guys asked with a chuckle. They were all big and black, all football players like Bam, and I felt my heart thumping wildly with fear and excitement.

"I dunno," Bam gave me doubtful look. "I never had a fag suckin' my jones before."

"Jones?" I felt confused.

"We gotta hurry though..." Kevin started saying, thinking about how we only had five minutes between classes.

"Yo!" Bam stared at Kevin. "I'm doin' you a favor, homes. Chill your punk ass out!"

"Just close your eyes and do the bitch," someone said impatiently.

"You're gonna like it anyway, Bam," another guy laughed. "White boys eat dick better than their sisters do!"

"No shit!" one of his friends agreed. "I get my shit waxed every motherfuckin' day by the punk next door. That boy be beggin' for my shit!"

"This boy looks like he's ready to choke some pole hisself!" a guy grinned at Kevin. "How about it, bitch? You want some of this?"

"Fuck yeah!" one of them reached for Kevin, pulling him forward. "All you white boys want black dick ... Get on your knees, fuckboy."

Kevin didn't really look like a fag, being eighteen and a healthy sort of young man with a firm, smooth body and some toned muscles ... but I knew he was a serious slut for black dick. Just like the rest of us! He didn't even whisper a protest as the black boy put Kevin on his knees and my friend was soon surrounded by four large, black seniors as they unzipped their pants.

I didn't have much of a view then, but I didn't need one either as Bam decided to go ahead and try a little faggot mouth himself.

Very little in the way of reluctance stood in the way as I knelt on the cold tiles and let Bam's thick fingers pull me towards his prick. It really was, as I found out later, the biggest dick in school. Like nine inches of fat, heavily veined black cock with an uncircumcised head that I quickly exposed to my small, pink tongue. I could smell the boy all hot and sweaty and he must have been working out before school started or something. The ripe, rich odor of male strength filled my nose and I imagined I could even taste his bitter-sweet musk. The sensation overwhelmed me and I held his stiffening cock upward and out of the way as I pressed my nose into Bam's soft scrotum, kissing it even as I breathed him into my lungs.

The lesson Principal Davis had given me about warming up a man's balls before making him cum wasn't lost on me. I moved my face around, just to feel that soft black skin on my cheeks and nose and chin. Bam's pubic hair tickled and teased me as I extended my tongue and began lapping at his balls while his cock lay semi-hard across my forehead on a pillow of golden hair. I licked and kissed and drew the skin into my mouth to suck and chew on it gently. I worked Bam's scrotum for several minutes, wasting precious time and not caring when the bell rang just as I took one of his black orbs into my warm, wet mouth.

The sound of my loving attentions were drowned out by the laughing and endless talk of the other boys as Kevin found himself sucking off four black pricks at once. I might have been a little jealous, except I was a little busy with the huge one right in front of me. Bam didn't get quite as hard as Stacy and the other cheerleaders. I mean, they got seriously rock hard! Bam just had too much dick for that, it seemed, and he got long and firm, but stayed soft enough that I could bend the dark shaft and feel it pliable beneath my fingers. I liked that, actually, and I smiled at Bam's smooth, purplish glans as I pulled his foreskin all the way back and started washing the boy's cockhead with my tongue.

"Ohhh ... Yeah! Fuck! You do that good, white boy!" Bam grinned down at me. "Like a little sister! That's it ... Suck my black motherfucker, bitch!"

I was sucking him! Or as much of his dick as I could. I had the head inside my mouth and found barely enough room to wiggle my tongue beneath it. I stretched my mouth as wide as possible, making wet, sloppy gasping noises as I'd cram another inch inside and then have to pull off with a lot of spit and precum drooling down my chin. I'd suck a quick breath of air and do it again, bouncing my head a half-dozen times and gagging on that beautiful prick as it tried to find my tight throat. I pulled off again and gathered a wad of gooey saliva and spit on Bam's dick, sliding my hands up and down the shaft as if I could get him slippery enough to fuck my mouth with every inch of his huge cock.

"Nasty ho!" Bam chuckled, watching as I stuffed my flushed face with his cock. "Look up here ... Open your mouth, faggot!"

When I did as he wanted, tilting my face upward and opening my mouth, Bam gathered his own spit and leaned down to drop it from his thick, black lips onto my waiting tongue. I swallowed it for him with a breathless giggle, enjoying the smile on his rugged face, and then went back to work on his fat dick, deciding that I'd never be able to deepthroat that monster. I contented myself with bobbing my head up and down quickly on as much of his dick as I could take, using both hands to jerk him off in time with my lips as they slid along the shaft.

My own penis had long since grown hard in my panties and I could feel the wetness down there as I leaked precum into the satin. I tried to ignore it as Bam held my head tightly and I knew he had to be getting close. He didn't say much, just breathed hard, staring at my face as I concentrated on giving him the best blowjob I could. I wriggled my tongue as much as possible, tickling the underside of his cock or giving the head a quick swipe when I could. I breathed through my nose and squeezed his prick with my fingers, pulling at the man like I was milking a bull for a big load of hot ball cream ... And that's precisely what I was doing! I wanted to drink him down and drain those big black balls into my girlish tummy.

"Ummmm..." Bam sighed, sounding almost like he was taking a piss or something, but it wasn't urine flooding my mouth!

The semen rushed out of him and I could feel his cock jerking with sharp, quick contractions, but his cum didn't spurt into me. It poured into me! A steady stream of hot semen filling my mouth as I tried to swallow it down. The flavor was strong too, very salty and bitter enough to make my tongue curl, but delicious all the same and I savored the tang of Bam's orgasm even as I finally lost control and started choking on it. I coughed and sputtered around his prick, but refused to let it go. I fought my way through the momentary panic and swallowed some more, sucking that cock like a huge, black straw. I'm proud to say I swallowed most of Bam's load straight from the tap. Not all of it, of course, but most of it and my belly was full!

"Shit!" Bam chuckled, stroking my hair as I gave him my shining blue eyes and licked the remains of his orgasm off the shaft of his dick. "That was some serious dick suckin', bitch! Daaaaamn! You is one fucked up white boy, huh?"

I just shrugged, giggling as I dragged my tongue along the underside from his balls to his glans, circling the swollen head and then sucking some at cum that still leaked from his pisshole. Behind me, I heard some of the other boys complimenting Kevin on his cocksucking skills and a couple of them must have cum already, but he was still working on the others. I was tempted to see if my friend needed any help, but I really needed to fix my face! One look in the mirror told me everything I needed to know about being a girl ... It was going to be a high maintenance job!

A boy can suck a big, black dick and swallow a big load of semen and all he has to do is wash his face afterwards. Two minutes, tops! A girl though, ugh! My lipstick was totally smeared, my eyes had watered with the effort of taking as much of Bam's huge prick as possible, and so my eyes were total mess with eye shadow and mascara staining my cheeks. I had a glaze of spit and sperm around my lips and chin, even down my neck. I'd gotten some on my t-shirt too, but that wasn't a big deal. I spent ten minutes washing my face and putting fresh makeup on, brushing my hair and washing a little semen out of my bangs. At least that gave Kevin time to finish those four black boys he was blowing and he grinned at me as they walked out, talking shit and laughing, telling Kevin what a great cocksucker he was.

"Twenty dollars wasn't enough for that," I said with a giggle, but I sorta meant it too. "That guy had a big dick!"

"Biggest one in school," Kevin agreed. "That's why he didn't have to pay."

"What?" I blinked at the boy as he rinsed his mouth out with water in the sink.

"He wasn't gonna do it otherwise," Kevin shrugged.

"So why..." I didn't understand.

"I thought you'd like it," he said with a sheepish smile. "I mean, I just kinda feel sorry for you."

"So you got me a sympathy dick?" I laughed and rolled my eyes. "What about Stacy? The girls are gonna be mad if they find out I did it for free."

"I'll tell them its like advertising," Kevin shrugged. "Bam's got a lot of friends and a big mouth. As long as he was happy..."

"He was," I agreed with a grin. "Definitely."

"Then you'll have all the dick you want," Kevin told me. "See? Next time we'll charge for it."

"Should charge for you too!" I teased him. "God! You sucked all four of those guys?"

"Five," he grinned and then looked serious for a second. "But don't tell Heather, okay? She's kind of, you know..."

"Jealous?"

"Yeah," he sighed. "She'll spank my balls if she finds out."

"Really?" I narrowed my eyes.

"Oh yeah," Kevin nodded. "Heather likes that stuff a lot!"

"Oh!" I had no idea what that stuff was, but having my balls spanked would probably hurt.

"I kinda like it though too," Kevin giggled. "She always makes me feel better afterwards."

"She goes down on you?" I asked, kind of surprised at that idea, but he shook his head.

"No way!" he said. "None of those girl's would go down on a little white dick like mine."

"Yeah," I agreed with a sigh and that's another thing all us boyfriends had in common. Besides being decidedly cute, we all had pretty small dicks compared to our girlfriends.

"Heather gets one of the other guys to do it while she fucks me," Kevin explained. "I like Kyle the best. He's really sweet when he sucks, but they're all pretty good."

"Oh yeah?" I smiled at him, but I didn't think any of my friends fooled around with each other, at least not like that.

"They'll make you do it probably," he told me. "Just make sure you pretend like it makes you mad."

"Makes me mad? Why?"

"Because if they know you like it, they won't let you do it!" Kevin said. "Just act like sucking a little white dick is the worst thing in the world. Trust me."

"Well..." I stuck my tongue out at him, " ... it kinda is, I think."

"Yeah!" he laughed. "Kinda."

I had other things to do that day, besides get yelled at by my girlfriend, embarrassed by my classmates, and turned into a whore. I also had to return Millie clothes to her as well as Shauna's underwear. Mom had insisted on that and I had to agree, it really would be the polite thing to do, but still ... I didn't expect any appreciation, you know?

Naturally, I wanted to find those two girls alone as much as possible. I mean, it would be bad enough facing them, but to do it in front of a lot of laughing high school kids would really suck. I could sorta put it off that way too, being a typical sixteen-year-old boy in that respect at least. I didn't want to do anything until the last minute. Especially the stuff I didn't want to do!

"Uh, Millie?" I swallowed hard, standing behind the school just as lunch started and trying not to attract too much suspicion.

Millie and that Wren guy, her boyfriend or whatever, were sneaking a smoke and so it was just the two of them and that seemed pretty cool. They leaned against the red brick wall, looking like a couple vampires caught in sunlight. Sorta. They weren't burned to a crisp, but they definitely didn't look very comfortable out there, kind of wincing and under the glare of a very bright sun in a clear blue sky. It was actually a pretty nice day outside, but I guess Goth freaks aren't into nice weather. I sorta wondered why they didn't go to night school or something.

"Huh?" she blinked at me and then frowned, blowing a cloud of blue smoke out of her nose like a dragon. "Oh. It's you. What do you want?"

"You're the guy who took her clothes," Wren said, as if I didn't know that. He had sort of a high, nasal voice and dark eyes that tended to blink a lot when he spoke, like punctuating his words, and I found it sort of distracting.

"Yeah, I nodded and cleared my throat, holding up her folded clothes with her shoes on top. "I'm sorry, um ... I washed everything and ironed it and, uh ... I used Downy, so it smells good."

"Hmph," Millie just looked at me as I stood there feeling very uncomfortable.

"It was just a joke," I explained weakly. "On me, I mean, not you. My friends were..."

"You're Stacy's boyfriend, huh?" Millie asked and I nodded. "So why are you dressed like that?"

"Ummm..." I glanced down at myself.

"Are you a fag?" Wren asked me. "I heard you sucked some guys off in the bathroom this morning."

"Yeah," I swallowed hard. "Just, um ... one guy."

"So suck him," Millie said, jerking her head towards Wren. "I wanna see it."

"What?" I blinked at her.

"Suck him off," she repeated without a trace of humor. "You owe me anyway."

"But I don't..." I looked between them and Wren might have been an okay looking guy, except he looked like a mime. He had pasty white skin and black lips, black eyes too, and wore a baggy black suit, but with a blood red t-shirt underneath the coat, not a tie or anything.

"I never got a blowjob from anyone else," Wren smiled at the girl. "This is gonna be cool."

"Yeah," she smiled back at him. "Don't say I never gave you nothing, huh?"

"He's your boyfriend though!" I said. "Isn't he?"

"Wren?" Millie looked at me like I was retarded. "He's my brother, stupid."

"Oh." I looked between them and maybe there was a resemblance, except it was hard to tell because they looked like a Halloween party.

"Twins," the boy nodded. "Hurry up, before someone catches us."

"I hope someone does," his sister said, pushing herself off the wall and taking the clothes from my arms.

"But, um ... I'm not really ... I mean, I..." I stammered not really wanting to suck the guy off. Black guys were cool. God! I love black dick! But this guy? I didn't find him attractive at all, for one thing.

"Show me your cock too," Millie commanded, because it didn't sound like a suggestion. "You still got one, right?"

"Yeah," I said slowly, feeling my face redden.

"So show me," she insisted. "I wanna see you jerk off while you suck my brother."

"I gotta go," I decided, feeling the rush of adrenaline that I always got when it was fight or fight time.

I wasn't a fighter either and I often wished I'd taken after my dad instead of my mom, believe me! My dad would have taken on Patton's Third Army single handedly before he'd ever get on his knees in the dirt and suck a dick! Dad would probably win too, or at least make old George wish he'd stayed home in bed that day.

"Fuck you," Millie breathed and then she slapped my face hard. SLAP! "Suck his dick, faggot!" SLAP! "Or I'll kick your ass!" SLAP!

By the third slap, I was crying and she didn't hit me again. Millie just pushed me down and my knees were already weak and shaking. My heart hammered in my chest, my lungs labored for air, and my body burned with humiliation ... But I didn't fight her. I didn't run either, I just knelt in front of her brother as he fished his thin, white dick out of his pants and waved it in front of my tear stained eyes.

"What a pussy," Wren smirked, slapping his soft dick against my lips. "Open up ... Come on, dicksucker ... You wanna be a girl? Then act like one!"

Millie giggled at that and she pushed my head forward as I reluctantly parted my lips for her brother's cock. I had no choice, that's what I told myself. They were making me do it and despite my fear and humiliation, and my anger as well, I realized my penis had gotten hard in my panties. Wren's dick was still soft as I took half of it in my mouth and began sucking, but mine ached with raw excitement and I didn't know why. I didn't like this, did I? Yeah, I liked it. Deep down in my gut, I liked it a lot and having Millie's fingers in my hair, pushing and pulling my mouth along her brother's dick was the best part.

"Take out your cock, like I told you to," she told me. "Lift your skirt ... No! Don't stop sucking. Just do it!"

Wren's pale organ grew stronger as I used my tongue around the head and under the shaft. He wasn't very large, nothing like Stacy or especially that Bam guy, but more normal sized I suppose. Long enough so I couldn't quite get all of his dick in my mouth without opening my throat, and thin enough that I had plenty of room for my tongue to play with him. It was actually sort of nice, except I really wished he was black. White dicks just look boring and he didn't taste as good as a black dick either, I didn't think, but that might have been just in my head.

"Fuck!" Millie giggled as I pulled my skirt up high enough that she could see the tent in my damp panties. "She's got a boner!"

"She does?" Wren chuckled. "Cool. So do I and ... Uhhmmm ... She sucks dick good!"

"I meant, he's got a boner," Millie corrected herself, sounding kind of annoyed. "Jerk off while you suck, homo ... Take your little dick out."

"Mmph!" I agreed, sliding my right hand inside the waistband of my panties while I bobbed up and down on Wren's cock.

Millie had let me go, stepping back to enjoy the show as she lit another cigarette. Her brother had both hands on my head and he started thrusting with his hips, fucking my face while I just kept my mouth open and concentrated on breathing through my nose. Every now and again he'd go too deep, making me gag for a second, but like I said, he wasn't all that big anyway.

"I said show me your dick!" Millie reminded me impatiently. "Get those panties down ... Never mind ... Stand up!"

"Don't stop!" Wren held my head tightly as I tried to pull of his dick.

"Up!" Millie slapped my hip and I didn't know why she wanted me like that, but I managed to get on my feet, bent over at the waist as I continued sucking Wren's prick. It wasn't too uncomfortable, but I figured I'd probably get a backache after awhile or something.

"Ummph ... Mmmm..." I groaned around the boy's cock, swallowing a lot of precum as Millie pulled my panties down with her free hand.

First the left side, then the right while I wiggled my ass sorta and my panties were soon around my knees. My small, pink balls dangled between my creamy thighs and my hard little penis jutted forward like a pink missile as I finally swallowed around Wren's cock and took the head into my throat. It was a good position for doing that, at least, and I liked the sensation of having every inch of him inside my mouth.

"Aw man! She's got the whole thing in her mouth!" Wren told his sister with a grin and I squeezed his thighs to let the boy know I really needed some air!

"Spread your legs a little ... Yeah ... What a fag! He shaved his balls and everything!" Millie giggled, slapping my ass as I widened my stance just for her.

I figured I knew what was coming then, Millie wanted to spank me and in truth, I wanted her to! I swear, like the idea of getting spanked by the girl while I sucked of her brother was almost enough to make me cum right then and there! I hoped she'd do it hard too! I'd never felt so helpless and humiliated, but I always say that anyway. The moment I'm in always seems like the best and I was waiting for Millie to degrade me further, to make me pay for stealing her clothes and making her look like an idiot in front of the whole school.

"Umph!" I gasped around Wren's prick as I felt a pair of hands, not Millie's hands, grabbing my hips firmly and a second later the unmistakable sensation of a hard cock piercing my unprepared asshole!

"Yeah, fuck him!" Millie said and I tried desperately to turn my head and see who was shoving a dick up my ass, but Wren wasn't letting go of my head.

"Now that's a tight pussy!" a boy said with a laugh, his voice neither deep nor high, but sounding like any high school kid's, and I had no idea who he might be.

"Relax," Millie giggled. "You don't have to know who's fucking you. Just enjoy it."

"Nmmph!" I pushed my hands against Wren's thighs and tried to jerk my butt away from the guy behind me, but they both held me too well.

The cock in my ass had stretched my sphincter quickly, before I really knew what was happening, and so the guy pushed the rest of his dick inside me easily. My butt warmed with the pleasure of being stretched and I'd lubricated myself with that KY Jelly stuff before leaving for school that morning. Mom had given me some good advice there and I'd been hoping Stacy would want to fuck. She hadn't wanted me at all, as it turned out, but at least my efforts weren't a total waste. The boy behind me was fucking my ass hard!

"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh!" He grunted like a pig as he drove his cock inside my boy cunt over and over, rocking my body forward so that I had to take Wren's prick deep into my mouth.

We got a rhythm going, the three of us fucking that way, and despite my unhappiness that I had no idea who was riding my butt, I couldn't help but like it! I mean, it felt good having a hard dick sliding deep in my ass, stretching my tight little hole and reaching for the tender pillow of my prostate. The dull slapping of his body meeting mine was like music to my ears and I imagined I could feel his hairy balls tickling mine everytime he got especially deep. He'd give me a little grind then too, a nice one that had me moaning around the cock in my mouth.

Jesus! That guy knew how to fuck! I rocked my hips and rolled my ass against him, forgetting about sucking Wren and focusing on the pleasure building between my legs. My swollen penis dripped with precum and my balls tightened with the need for release. I clenched my asshole around the boy, squeezing and releasing his prick to make it as good for him as it was for me. I wanted to feel his cum inside my rectum and the desire had me right on the edge. I wasn't even touching myself, but when he came inside me, when I felt his hot semen flooding my ass, I knew I'd cum with him.

"Fuck! I'm gonna blow!" Wren warned us and he'd been fucking my face for several minutes as I just kept my mouth open for him. I couldn't even think about sucking, not with that dick pounding my horny ass!

"On his face!" Millie said quickly. "Shoot it on his face so everybody can see it!"

I barely heard the girl, let alone understood what she was saying, but I got the point a second later. Wren pulled his dick from my lips and stroked himself off with his fist for a few seconds before hot jism exploded onto my flushed face. Like all teenage boys, he had a lot of sperm built up in his balls, and I guess Wren's twin sister didn't take care of the boy as often as she should have. No wonder he was excited to have his dick sucked by someone else. What a couple of perverts!

Wren painting my face with his salty load was the least of my worries right then. The guy behind me must have gotten off on seeing me get a facial because just a few seconds after Wren started cumming, he groaned loudly and slammed his prick one last time into the depths of my clasping ass and unleashed a torrent of soothing man cum to fill my bowels.

That was all it took! My own penis spasmed wildly, spewing my own thin cream onto my thighs and stockings, onto my shoes and the dirt between them. I gasped loudly, shaking with the pure joy of cumming without so much as a finger stroking my dick! I'd cum from being fucked by a man, or at least a boy, and that might have seemed amazingly cool if I'd had the wits to think about it. All I could do was grind my ass on the swollen dick that impaled me, moaning like a slut and licking the salty sperm from my lips as Wren put the finishing touches on his masterpiece by cleaning his cummy dick with my hair.

"Did you cum?" Millie asked the guy, somewhat stupidly I thought, and I giggled weakly, feeling dazed and confused by the whole experience.

"Hell yeah!" he said and I looked over my shoulder to see another Goth guy, another vampire wanna-be with black and red hair and like ten piercings on his face. I didn't know his name and I didn't even want to, but I'd seen him around and now he'd had my ass. That was sort of embarrassing.

It was pretty disappointing too as I'd been imagining a handsome black stud drilling my white boy pussy, and some of the pleasure I'd been feeling went away at the realization that some guy who looked like an extra from Hell Raiser had just fucked me. But he'd done it good too! I couldn't deny that and my cum drooling penis was the proof. A long, silvery strand of semen hung from the tip of my dick, refusing to fall away completely, and I stared at it with my head down as Wren stepped back and started putting his dick away. The guy behind me pulled out of my ass slowly, with a strange, distinctive popping sensation as my anus closed up tightly, trapping his warm semen in my well-fucked rectum.

"Now we're even," Millie told me as I stood up slowly and looked around, realizing that about a dozen kids were out there and had seen everything.

"Thanks for the fuck," the pierced guy grinned at me. "Let me know if you wanna do it again, huh?"

"How was she, dude?" someone asked him.

"Awesome!" he said. "Best piece of ass I ever had."

"Only piece you ever had!" Wren teased him, reaching inside his coat for a cigarette. "She can suck a dick though!"

"Yeah, yeah..." Millie frowned at him. "She a fuckin' fag, don't forget."

"You made her cum, man!" someone pointed out as I tried to clean myself up, digging the one lonely tissue I had out of my purse.

Everyone was talking about me, staring as I stood there dripping cum from my face, my dick, and finally my butt as the load in my rectum sought escape. Stacy and her friends had wanted me to be a whore, but so far I'd sucked off two guys and fucked another one, and I hadn't made a dime.

"What a slut!" a girl giggled and there were a few of them out there, hanging with the boys and smoking after eating their lunches.

"No doubt!" another girl replied. "Mattie's the biggest slut in school. Everybody knows that!"
Chapter 7 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 7
Chapter 6 Mail Bottom
Chapter 7
Posted: 9/16/2009, 3:09:15 AM

"You're spoiling everything," Stacy said with an exasperated sigh. "How hard can it be to be a whore?"

"I don't know," I replied softly, standing bare butt naked in the middle of the clubhouse.

Seven black cheerleaders and six of their boyfriends were sitting around me, more or less. I should have been the seventh, Stacy's boyfriend, but she wasn't too pleased with me, since I was sort of a girl now. I'd only just started cross-dressing the day before really, with my mom's help, and so I didn't have any breasts yet or anything. Just a pretty face and a slender, pale body with a small, hard dick and smooth, hairless balls in a little pink sack.

"Bad balls!" Heather spat unhappily. WHAP! I winced at the sound of Kevin's balls getting spanked. Everybody in school had heard about him being forced to suck off five big black guys and Heather didn't like to share her boyfriend very much.

"Seven, Mistress!" Kevin answered the slap with a high, trembling voice. She was using a ruler on his bound scrotum, but the eighteen-year-old boy's sexy penis strained to its full five inches with obvious pleasure.

"Keep sucking, bitch," Wendy breathed, stretched out on a large, pink pillow decorated with tassels while Josh worked his mouth up and down her long, black cock lazily. He held her balls in his left hand, massaging the girl's large testes gently and I felt a twinge of envy.

"Umph oohmph ummm..." either Dave or Veronica grunted and groaned, probably both of them as they kissed deeply. The black transsexual had her white boyfriend impaled completely on her stiff cock, sitting with his back to her breasts and legs spread wide over hers. Dave's much smaller penis stood stiffly against his tummy, spilling precum down the shaft while they made-out.

"Mmmph!" Brad moaned around Rita's sweet, brown dick as she fingered his ass and giggled. The sexy sophomore had him curled up with his knees to his chest and his cute dick and balls pulled back between his thighs. Every now and then Rita would squeeze his scrotum, pulling on it as if jerking him off that way.

"Like that, baby?" Paula whispered in Kyle's ear as she straddling his body with hers on the thick carpet, grinding her fat cock deep inside his sexy white ass. She had her smallish, but very firm, pert tits against Kyle's back and Paula liked to squirm around, sort of massaging her boyfriend with her body while they fucked.

"I love fucking your cock!" Karen groaned as she worked her swollen cockhead inside her boyfriend's well-stretched prepuce. She held both of their dicks in her hands and Jimmy's looked very small compared to his girlfriend's, but he had a lot of foreskin! It covered Karen's glans completely and inside that tube of tight skin, her cock rubbed against Jimmy's. I'd never heard of docking before in my life and I found it pretty cool, but my attention was mostly fixed on Stacy

"Who's going to pay to fuck a slut?" she asked me and all I could do was swallow hard and look guilty beneath her disappointed gaze.

"I'm not a slut," I protested weakly, even though I knew better than to contradict her like that.

"You are a slut!" Stacy snorted. "The whole school knows it! Everybody saw you behind the school, fucking and sucking those two Goth fags!"

"Not everybody," I frowned, just begging for trouble.

"You like white dick now?" she asked. "Is that what's going through your puny faggot brain? You don't want anymore of this?"

She'd stripped down to her thong and now Stacy held her semi-hard cock in her fist, stroking it slowly as I licked my lips. She knew I wanted her. I loved Stacy's beautiful, black cock and all I wanted to do was crawl between her long, smooth legs and worship the girl. I wanted to lick her balls and suck her prick, rim her asshole, or do anything else Stacy could think of. I wanted to be her little white cock slave, but she didn't like me anymore.

"I can't even get a decent boyfriend now," she sighed and looked around the room. "All the good ones are taken. I was so happy when you showed up, Mattie. I thought we'd have a good thing together, but..."

"I'm sorry," I whispered for like the zillionth time.

"Just get out of here," she said, waving a hand towards the door. "Get dressed. Go home. I don't want to look at you anymore."

"W-What?" I blinked at her, thinking this wasn't very fair at all and it made me mad more than anything else. All I'd ever tried to do was what Stacy wanted and now she was just kicking me out completely?

"You're breaking up with him?" Rita asked, glancing up from Brad's sucking mouth.

"Yeah," Stacy nodded and from the tone of her voice, I knew she wasn't going to change her mind.

"I'll trade you for her," Heather said out of the blue and everyone stopped what they were doing to look at her.

"What?" Stacy narrowed her eyes.

"Kevin for Mattie," Heather offered. "You want a boy, right? I'll take a girl for him."

"Yeah," Stacy snorted with a smile. "After he sucked off five guys today?"

"They made him do it," Heather shrugged. "Everybody knows Kevin's a pussy, that's no secret, but he's sexy as hell too."

"Yeah," Veronica agreed, licking her lips and reaching down to rub Dave's penis like an oversized clit. "White boys are fair game for the brothers; the whole school knows that, Stace."

"Maybe," Stacy agreed reluctantly. "But why do you want this faggot?"

"Mattie?" Heather smiled at me. "She's hot. I like her. I dunno. Maybe she just needs a little more discipline."

I blushed and looked away from Heather's eyes, blue-grey like a stormy sky beneath her fine, brown hair. She didn't look as black as the other girls, but more like she was Middle Eastern or something with her bronzed skin and more European than African features. Heather could have been the most beautiful of all them, but I'd always been partial to Stacy and it really did depend on what you liked. Any one of those girls could break a boy's heart with just a smile.

"I won't give him back," Stacy warned her friend. "No refunds."

"That's fine," Heather shrugged. "So? You wanna trade or what?"

"Are you gonna wake up tomorrow and decide you're a girl?" Stacy asked Kevin, who looked rather confused by this unexpected turn of events.

"Uh ... No," he replied, looking between Heather and Stacy. "I like being a boy."

"Wait a minute," Wendy interrupted. "I wanna trade too. Josh for Mattie."

"What? Why?" Josh looked up from her cock with an astonished look on his flushed face.

"Keep sucking," Wendy told him, pushing the boy's face back down on her dick.

"Yeah," Heather looked at Wendy unhappily. "Why?"

"Because I think it would be fun having a girl like Mattie for a boyfriend," the girl shrugged. "She's cute."

"Josh, huh?" Stacy smiled and it seemed she might have liked Wendy's boyfriend more than she liked Heather's.

"No way," Heather frowned. "I wanted to trade first!"

"So what?" Wendy countered. "It's up to Stacy, not you!"

"You're such a bitch!" Heather stared at the girl and I blinked at that. I'd never heard any of those girls do more than tease each other, but this sounded kind of serious.

"I'll trade you Kyle for Josh," Paula said, cutting off Wendy's retort.

"You will?" Karen asked with a grin. "Why?"

"He wants to be a girl," Paula sighed, stroking Kyle's long, dark hair with real affection. "I love him, but ... I don't want a girlfriend."

"You know about that?" Kyle asked her softly and Paula giggled.

"Like you can keep a secret from me?" she teased him. "Silly boy!"

"How about Kevin for Kyle?" Heather suggested. "Since Wendy wants Mattie so bad."

"I'll take either one," Wendy said, looking between me and Kyle. "They're both hot."

"Me too," Paula shrugged. "I'll take Kevin or Josh, it doesn't matter."

"So who do you want to trade with, Stacy?" Heather asked. "Me or Paula?"

"Hmmm..." Stacy smiled, looking between Kevin and Josh. "Decisions, decisions."

Whatever Stacy decided would affect all four of us boys and I'd end up with either Heather or Wendy. I felt seriously relieved that nobody had asked for our opinions! I mean, sure, it would be sort of nice if they'd asked us which girl we wanted to go out with, but picking one girl over another was always a bad idea! Someone would be offended, even if only secretly, just like I'd be a little miffed if one of them picked Kyle over me. I liked the guy, sure, I wanted him to be happy, but I still thought I was prettier than he was!

Thankfully, Stacy was choosing between Josh and Kevin, and the slight rejection wouldn't make the one who didn't get picked too happy, but hey ... At least it wasn't up to me! All I had to do was sit there and wait like everyone else and I had little doubt that Stacy wouldn't care if she insulted one of the two boys, accidentally or otherwise. The girl wasn't blessed with a whole lot of empathy for anyone but herself, I realized, and probably it was a good thing we were breaking up. I needed to be with a girl who could be a little more understanding and patient, you know?

"Who do you like, Mattie?" Stacy spoiled my happy thoughts suddenly. "Do you want to go out with Heather or with Wendy?"

"Uhhh..." I stared at her, wondering if she wasn't asking me on purpose, you know, just to get one of those two girls mad at me.

I glanced between the two cheerleaders in question, trying very hard not to look like I was comparing them. I mean ... How could I? That's like comparing the Mona Lisa to one of Mozart's symphonies. They're both perfect!

Wendy was seventeen and a junior like me, and very pretty. Like gorgeous, kinda, with her dark skin and soft brown eyes, perfect tits with black nipples pointing out and up. Toned legs and a sweet, round butt that really rolled around when the girl walked through school. She wasn't very tall, just a little more than me maybe, which would make her five foot ten probably. Wendy's face was especially cute, not beautiful, I wouldn't say that, but definitely cute with kind of a small, broad nose and thick, pouting lips and soft cheeks. And of course her cock! A solid seven inches of black circumcised love muscle with a pair of heavy balls in a supple, low hanging scrotum that just begged to be kissed ... God!

Heather, like I said before, looked much different than her friend. She must have had a white grandparent or something. Maybe even her mom or dad, I had no idea. She looked sort of Persian or something, except those light colored eyes of hers were real heart stoppers, and her brown hair fell fine and straight around her pretty face. Her cock wasn't as large as some of the other girls' maybe, but it was still a lot bigger than mine! And Heather's body was perfect. I mean, she looked like a swimsuit model with real hips, a tiny waist, real tits and everything!

I think I would have picked Heather if only because she looked so amazing, except for one thing ... I wasn't sure I wanted to get my balls spanked with a ruler! Like Veronica, Heather was into that sort of thing, BDSM or whatever, and the idea kind of frightened me.

"Well?" Stacy asked impatiently. "Which one do you like, Mattie?"

"I don't know!" I giggled nervously. "I like both of them. I can't decide."

"Wise decision," Karen said with a giggle and Stacy just rolled her eyes.

"White boys," she sighed. "No wonder you're a slut. Alright then..." she looked between Josh and Kevin and made her choice.

"My mom must be at the hospital," I said, ignoring the answering machine and turning off the phone. "My dad had a stroke, so..."

"Yeah," Heather nodded. "I heard about that. Do you need to go see him?"

"No," I shook my head. "It's okay. I'd probably give him a heart attack anyway."

"He doesn't want you to be a girl, huh?"

"He's a Marine," I told her, figuring that would just about explain everything she needed to know about my dad.

"Stacy said his cock is huge," Heather giggled. "Like ten inches or something."

"Uh, I dunno," I said with a shy laugh, getting a little warm.

"It's okay," she smiled at me in the dim light as she drove us from Wendy's house to hers. "I know what it's like to have a weird dad, believe me!"

"You do?" I smiled back, fidgeting with her celphone and Heather liked to drive fast! She had a Porsche Boxter, a black one, and every time she touched the accelerator it threw me backwards into the leather seat.

"You'll meet him," she nodded.

"I hope he likes me," I said, taking a deep breath and holding it as Heather ran a red light doing about ninety.

"Daddy?" she laughed and rolled her eyes. "He likes everybody. He's one of those guys, you know?"

"Uhhh ... What guys?" I wondered, not knowing at all.

"An easy going guy," she grinned. "He totally spoils me too! Can you tell?"

"Maybe," I said with a giggle.

"My mom's the one you have to watch out for," she said. "She doesn't like white boys very much."

"Oh!" I blinked at that.

"I mean, she'll like you just fine, probably," Heather shrugged. "Just don't say too much around her."

"Okay," I agreed, wondering what I was getting into.

"I'm glad Stacy picked Kevin," she said, shifting once more and hitting a hundred thirty now that we were on the interstate. "I like him a lot, but we've been together a long time. It's time for a change, you know?"

"Yeah," I breathed, closing my eyes as she wove through the thankfully light traffic.

"Stacy's just too high strung, that's her problem." Heather put a hand on my left thigh, stroking my leg through the stocking I wore. It felt nice, but I sorta wanted to tell her to keep both hands on the steering wheel.

"I guess so," I said slowly, not wanting to say anything that might be bad about any of Heather's friends.

"She's always been like that," the girl sighed. "She always blames the boy too. It's not your fault you're a sissy."

"Yeah," I cleared my throat and winced as we passed between two eighteen wheelers in the blink of an eye. They probably hadn't even seen us coming!

"But we do have to work on your reputation, Mattie," she said with a squeeze of my leg. "No more white cock for you!"

"That was, um ... an accident," I told her. "I didn't really mean to..."

"Black dick is okay, but not too much," she continued. "I know you can't say no to hard, black cock..."

"Yeah," I agreed with a little blush and a self-conscious smile.

" ... but not five at a time, okay?" she looked at me and I nodded quickly. "I won't like that very much, Mattie."

"Alright," I agreed, biting my bottom lip and looking contrite even though I wasn't guilty of anything ... yet.

Heather seemed to live an awfully long ways from school. In fact, she lived in a completely different suburb, which meant there had to be at least two or three public high schools closer to her house than the one we went to. When I asked her about it, Heather giggled and gave me a funny look.

"Hathaway High is like the transgender capital of Seattle," she said. "You didn't know that?"

"The what?" I blinked at her. "No! What does that mean?"

"I mean, it's kinda famous that way," she giggled. "At least with people who know about that sort of thing. There's probably thirty transsexuals going to school there."

"Really?" I found myself leaning left and right and left again as we took the S-curves doing a measly hundred and twenty. I was pretty thankful I had my seatbelt on!

"Yeah!" Heather nodded. "Nobody talks about it really, but why would they? It's nobody else's business, right?"

"Ummm ... No," I shrugged, feeling really confused. "So everybody knows?"

"Not everybody!" she laughed. "Most of the other kids don't know, except about you now. You're like the poster girl for she-males now!"

"She-males?"

"Chicks with dicks?" Heather teased me with a grin. "You're the only one totally out, so that's pretty awesome."

"Oh."

"We're all kind of waiting to see what everybody does," she told me seriously. "I think that's why the principal picked you."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean, besides being such a total sissy!" she giggled. "You're new at school and you were a boy, sorta, and now you're going to be a girl and..."

"The principal picked me?" I asked, not getting that part at all.

"Well, yeah," Heather shrugged. "He's really excited about you too. Like if everything's cool, and all the kids accept you and everything, then he'll be able to sell the program to the school board or the government or something. I don't really know all the details, you know."

"What program?"

"The Special Transgender Education Program," she said. "JD calls it STEP, see? So instead of just having two sexes at school or whatever, we'd have three!"

"Three sexes?" I shook my head. "I don't get it."

"Like there'd be a bathroom for transsexuals, a separate locker room, ummm ... We'd have our own gym classes and stuff like that," Heather explained, sounding kind of excited about it. "It would be really awesome. Don't you think?"

"I don't know," I admitted truthfully, thinking it sounded kind of strange to me. How many transsexual teenagers could there be? Probably not enough to build separate bathrooms for them!

"Anyway," Heather said, flying across three lanes of highway all of a sudden to take the exit she almost missed, "it's all part of the Master Plan and Stacy just gets too hung up on herself sometimes. I swear, that girl needs to take a chill pill."

"What Master Plan?" I wondered.

"Oh, never mind about that," she smiled at me. "We're almost home now anyway. This is going to be fun!"

I felt completely confused by then. There was a Special Program for transsexuals? A Master Plan? The principal was running some kind of social experiment and I'd become his prize guinea pig? None of that made a whole lot of sense to me! What happened to just going to school and struggling to survive normal, everyday peer pressure? And there were thirty chicks with dicks at Hathaway High? The cheerleaders made seven, I was eight, Shauna would be nine ... Like twenty of the girls I saw everyday were really boys? Man! I couldn't even begin to guess which ones! I never would have guessed Shauna had a dick, but her own sister had told me. And those black girls, they were all completely hot!

It made my head spin, actually, and I wasn't sure what any of it meant.

Heather lived in a nice house, a large and expensive one, and I guessed her family had to be doing pretty well. I'd grown up living on a lot of bases and those houses had sucked mostly, plus people don't join the Marines to get rich! We did okay, but I'll admit I felt a little intimidated. I mean. Heather intimidated me anyway, being black and beautiful like she was, so her family being wealthy was just frosting on the cake.

"Come on! We'll meet Daddy first," Heather said, taking me by the hand and pulling me along a path from the garage to a large patio surrounding a swimming pool.

We entered the house through some fancy French doors and I felt relieved to find a real home instead of a museum or something. The kitchen looked normal anyway, much like my own kitchen at home, except a little bigger. It smelled good too, like spices and herbs and all that. Sort of a warm, pleasant smell that helped me relax a bit maybe. Of course seeing the maid standing there, preparing what looked like two glasses of red wine on a silver tray, surprised me a little and I wished we had a maid at home. That would be pretty awesome, especially if she was cute like this one!

She wore a French Maid's outfit too. Seriously. Like white stockings with a real garter belt beneath her very short, tight, black uniform. It had frilly lace around the hem and sleeves and all that. I only saw her from the back at first, but the view was nice even for a fag like me! I still had some boy inside me and I especially liked the way I could just see a hint of the girl's white panties clinging to her pale butt cheeks beneath the hem of her skirt. She had a nice ass!

"Hi Daddy!" Heather said brightly and I looked around nervously, expecting to see her father staring at me, but we were alone except for the maid.

"Heather!" the maid said in a surprisingly sexy, breathless sort of voice. "Where have you been? Do you know what time it is?"

She turned around with a pout on her crimson lips and a cascade of thick, wavy, curling red hair around a very pretty face. The maid uniform really showed off her tits, having a low neckline and I guessed she had to be wearing some kind of push-up bra beneath it. Her creamy boobs jiggled every time the woman moved.

Heather's dad put her hands on her decidedly female hips, made even better by her thin waist and that perfectly round, pert butt I'd first noticed. She wasn't very tall, being a couple inches shorter than me probably, but the high heels she wore made it hard to tell. She couldn't have any more than me either and I just couldn't see her as anyone's father!

"I'm eighteen, Daddy," Heather rolled her eyes. "I think I can tell time just fine. Be nice now, I want you to meet my new boyfriend."

"A new one?" the girl ... the man ... narrowed her eyes, blue-grey exactly like her daughter's. "What happened to Kevin?"

"I traded him," Heather giggled. "This is Mattie."

"Oh!" She ... he ... blinked at that and then offered me a genuine smile. "It's nice to meet you. I'm Ralph ... Heather's father."

"You can call him Roxanne around the house," Heather told me. "He's only Ralph when he's working."

"Well," he blushed and smiled almost shyly. "That's what I meant. I'm Roxanne, Heather's maid."

"Much better, Daddy," she smiled, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "Is that for Mom?"

"Oh! The wine?" Her dad glanced at the tray he'd prepared and nodded. "Yeah. She's, um ... entertaining tonight."

"As usual," Heather sighed. "You'd better bring it to her then."

"I better, huh?" Roxanne shrugged and then smiled at me. "It's nice meeting you, Mattie. Where did you get that outfit?"

"Uh ... Saucy's," I smiled back at him. "At the mall."

"It's sweet," he told me. "You should bring Heather there sometime. I keep telling her to show off a little!"

"I like sneaking up on people, Daddy!" she giggled. "Besides ... I have Mattie to show off now."

"Uh-huh," he gave me a look, letting his eyes roam my body slowly. "If I were a younger man..."

"If you were a real man?" Heather teased him. "Stop flirting with my boyfriend. She only likes black dick anyway."

I blinked at that, but her father didn't even bat an eyelash as he picked up the tray. I had no idea what he looked like as Ralph, imagining this incredibly sexy woman as a man was just about impossible.

"I don't blame you," Roxanne wrinkled his pert nose and giggled.

"Mom likes to humiliate him," Heather explained. "She only married Daddy for his money and now he's a sissy cuckold."

"A who?" I wondered softly, but Heather wasn't whispering and her father must have heard every word she said.

"A cuckold? You know, she has another man," she told me. "This black guy, Harold, a real bull too! God! He's got a monster dick, but he's kind of an asshole."

"Oh," I nodded like it all made sense suddenly.

"He's the man of the house," Heather continued, making little quotation marks with her fingers and rolling her eyes. "We all have to suck his dick or else he has a crisis."

"Really?" I giggled nervously.

"I think Harold's afraid Daddy's going to change his mind one of these days, put on a pair of pants, and shoot him," Heather giggled.

"What?" Roxanne gave her a shocked look over his shoulder. "No. I love your mother. I knew what I was getting."

"A slut?" Heather teased him. "It's your life, Daddy."

"And besides," he chuckled. "I don't even own a pair of pants ... Here we are..."

He rapped lightly on a door and then opened it slowly, peeking inside the room.

"Dear? I have your wine," Roxanne said in his high, soft voice as he entered the room.

"Come on," Heather said with a tug of my hand. "We'd better say hello."

"Ahhhh ... Roxy!" a woman said. "Perfect timing, sissy ... Come here ... Harold made a little mess for you to clean up!"

The room looked like some sort of French boudoir out of a romance movie. The carpet was red, the walls papered in some sort of floral design, all gold and burgundy. The furniture looked big and heavy, very ornate and expensive, but mostly I noticed a sort of attractive black woman and a handsome black man lounging naked on some kind of bed ... or something. Like a sofa, except bigger, and covered with golden sheets and pillows.

"Down here, Roxanne..." she spread her legs and massaged her obviously cum soaked pussy. "Suck all that dirty sperm out of me now, before ... Oh! Heather ... You're home."

"Hi, Mom," Heather replied, still holding my hand as we stood just inside the room.

I tried to look anywhere but at the woman's gaping sex and so naturally I found myself staring at Harold's long, black dick as it lay slimy with fuck juices across one muscular thigh. He had a smirking sort of smile as he stared right back at me and I didn't care for it, but the man had a beautiful dick! Heather had been right about that and a very nice pair of balls to go with it. He made my little penis jerk in my panties.

"And you've brought a little friend with you, I see," she said, reaching for her husband's head and pulling his mouth to her pussy. "Start licking, Roxanne ... Show your little Princess how much you love her mother."

"This is Mattie," Heather said, sounding bored. "That's my mom, Vanity, and that's her boyfriend, Harold."

"Another pussy?" she smiled at me. "And this one wears a dress. I should have expected as much. Do you suck her cock, Mattie?"

"Uhhh..." I swallowed hard, listening to the soft, wet slurping of Roxanne as she sucked another man's sperm out his wife's well-fucked hole.

"Of course you do," Vanity nodded. "Why don't you come over here and introduce yourself to Harold's cock? He's the real man of the house, but I'm sure you can see that for yourself. Can't you?"

"I guess..." I answered slowly, not wanting to insult Heather's dad, but Roxanne looked a little busy anyway. His ass sorta rocked from side to side hypnotically and I blushed.

"Yeah," Harold nodded, leaning back with his hands clasped behind his head. "Don't be shy, white boy. You ain't the first pussy that faggot bitch brought home."

"Oh Harold!" Heather's mom giggled and my new girlfriend just frowned, but her hand got suddenly much tighter around my fingers.

"Maybe I should, um ... go home," I suggested under my breath.

"What are you two whispering about?" Vanity narrowed her dark eyes. "Don't worry about Heather. She knows the rules. Tell the boy it's okay, dear."

"It's okay," Heather breathed, letting go of my hand. "Go ahead. I'll be right here."

"He looks scared!" Harold chuckled.

"Mmmm ... Roxy," Vanity sighed. "Use your tongue, darling ... Deeper ... You know Harold has such a long cock."

"Um..." I swallowed hard and walked towards them, feeling warm all over and not a little confused. This wasn't what I'd been expecting when Heather had invited me home to meet her family and I didn't really understand how people could talk and act like this. But then again, my dad had fucked Stacy half an hour after meeting the girl, so who was I to talk?

"That's a good boy," Heather's mom sighed, holding Roxanne's mouth to her pussy and for a second I wasn't sure which of us she was talking to.

"Down on your knees, queer bait," Harold told me. "You're fine as hell, you know that? What did you say your name was?"

"Mattie," I whispered, getting on my knees next to Heather's dad while Harold spread his legs for me. His cock glistened with recent sex and I could smell the musky aroma oozing from their sweaty bodies.

"Did Heather tell you her Daddy is a sissy cocksucker?" Vanity asked me. "Like father like son, I suppose."

She'd lifted the man's face, all pink and glistening with the wetness from her pussy. I thought she'd probably been talking to him more than me and I glanced over my shoulder to see Heather leaning against the wall, neither smiling nor frowning. She didn't seem to resemble her mother very much, that was for sure, but she had her father's eyes for sure. His personality too, I thought, because nobody could be as much of a bitch as her mom!

"And boyfriends too apparently," Vanity continued with a shake of her head. "The least you could do is bring home a real man once in awhile, Heather."

"You've got a real man right here, baby," Harold said, leaning towards Heather's mom for a deep kiss while Roxanne went back to eating her out.

Soon enough I began licking upward along Harold's left thigh, leaning forward and half-crawling onto the sheets. He tasted like salt and my mouth watered as I found the man's warm, black cock with my mouth. I felt both humiliated and excited being forced to do this, although I didn't really think anyone would have stopped me if I'd just left. It seemed to be kind of a challenge thing, a dare or something, and Heather just wanted to see how I'd react. Maybe. Or it could be she had as little choice as I did, being able to leave if she chose, but knowing she could never come back.

"Ummm ... Yeah! That's it, white boy," Harold told me, reaching for my hair as I took the head of his cock in my mouth. "Show me how you do it for your girlfriend."

I licked his cock all over, bathing the smooth glans first, and then sliding my pursed lips along the shaft. I used my tongue on his balls and on the underside of his prick. I could taste his semen, the salty flavor of a man's orgasm, but something else besides that too. The sharp, tangy flavor of girl cum, which was something new to me and I wasn't sure if I enjoyed it or not. I lifted my face and licked my lips as I caught my breath, catching the gleam in Harold's dark brown eyes as well.

"Like the taste of my dick, faggot?" Harold asked me. "That's pussy juice.

"That's probably the first time he's ever tasted a real woman before," Heather's mom snorted. "Give him some more."

"Oh yeah," Harold agreed and then I discovered just how little the man really thought of me.

"Mmmph!" I scrunched my eyes shut as he pulled my head down, filling my mouth with his cock and making me gag loudly. Harold wasn't completely hard yet, but would be soon enough and I could see why Heather's mom liked him. He had a really great cock, long and thick as he grew more excited. My lips were stretched tightly around the shaft and he didn't want me playing with it, the man just wanted a real suckjob!

"Umph! Umph! Umph!" I made quick, muffled grunts deep in my throat as Harold held me with his big, black hands clapped over my ears. He pulled me up and down relentlessly, using my mouth to jerk himself off. I had to snatch quick breaths when I could and swallowing all the spit and precum filling my mouth was out of the question. The sloppy drool spilled from my lips to run down the dark shaft and soak into his thick pubic hair. My fingers clutched at his thighs, digging into the man's muscles, but he refused to let me go.

"Oh! That's special!" Vanity giggled. "I think the boy likes it, Harold. Isn't that sexy, Roxanne?"

"Mmmm..." Heather's dad licked his glistening lips as his wife lifted his mouth from her sex. "I think he's a little too rough with her."

"Too rough? Nonsense!" the woman shook her head. "The boy loves it! Look at him!"

"Ugh! Fuck yeah! He loves my dick!" Harold chuckled breathlessly, watching as my eyes watered and my face turned red. "Like a pocket pussy!"

"See that, Heather?" Vanity teased. "Your little boyfriend here loves Harold's dick almost as much as your father does."

"Really, dear," Roxanne said softly. "She's very small and Harold..."

"Your daughter should have thought of that before bringing him home," Vanity giggled. "She knows what happens to white boys in this house."

"All the ... ugh! ... white boys love black ... ugh! ... dick!" Harold laughed and stopped pumping my face long enough tell me, "Gonna drain my balls, bitch! You ready for that?"

I didn't have much time to think about it as the man pulled my mouth halfway down his cock, lodging the head tight against the entrance to my throat as he unleashed a torrent of hot cum. I was choking, naturally, and gagging on his dick. The flood of hot jism overflowing my stuffed mouth didn't help either. I sputtered and coughed, jerking my head uselessly with the effort of trying to get away just so I could breathe, but Harold wouldn't let me go.

"Stop it! You asshole!" I heard Heather's sharp voice and then her hands on my shoulders, pulling me up and away from Harold's grasp and his cum spitting prick.

"Don't be a bitch, Heather," her mom sighed. "Harold was just having some fun with the boy."

"We gotta go," Heather said, but making it sound like she really wanted to say something else. She just stared at her mother for a long second before pulling me to my feet.

I felt pretty helpless and I'd gagged so hard that I'd almost puked. Semen and saliva covered my face and neck, my t-shirt had gotten soaked with the stuff, and for the second time that day my hair was clumped and matted with ball juice. I probably looked like a drowned rat as I gasped for air, still coughing and shaking with a confusing mix of fear and adrenaline. My lips felt bruised and swollen, my whole face really, like I'd just been in a fight or something.

"I didn't like that very much," I said weakly as Heather let me lean on her, walking me out of the room. I tried to smile too, like I'd been making a joke, but she didn't smile back.

"I'm sorry, Mattie," she sighed. "They did it to hurt me, not you. I won't let it happen again, I promise."

"Once I turn twenty-one, my trust fund matures and I can leave," Heather explained as she gave me a bath in the biggest, nicest bathtub I'd ever seen in my life.

"How much is that?" I wondered.

"A lot!" she giggled. "But until then, I have to put up with my parents. It sucks."

"Your dad seemed okay," I said, offering her a smile over my shoulder. I sat between her thighs, with my back against tits while she rubbed soapy hands over my chest and tummy.

"He's nice," she said. "I love him, but he's a total slave to my mom. Like she removed his brain or something, I swear."

I giggled at that.

"Mom likes him anyway, I guess," Heather shrugged. "She hates me though."

"She does?"

"Yeah. When they got married, Mom fucked all her old boyfriends at the reception," Heather explained. "Like, I dunno, five or six guys, black guys, just to make sure she was pregnant with a black baby."

"But he's your real dad," I said kind of dumbly.

"They got married and had sex one time," Heather giggled. "Mom swears she was full of black sperm when Daddy took her to bed, and since he's got such a little dick and little balls ... Anyway, I guess his sperm was tough!"

"Heh!" I grinned at her.

"He knocked her up and when Mom saw she had a little half-white baby with blue eyes..." Heather sighed. "She never liked me. She raised me as a girl just to get even with Dad."

"Really?"

"Yeah," Heather nodded seriously. "I thought I was a girl until I was about, seven maybe? Or eight-years-old when I figured out I had a dick instead of a pussy like my friends."

"That must have been weird," I sighed.

"Really weird," Heather giggled and kissed my cheek. "I kinda like it now though. I like fucking pretty white boys a lot."

"Like me?" I teased her.

"Oh yeah," Heather smiled. "Sit up a little ... My cock's been dying to kiss your pussy."

"I can tell!" I giggled, sticking out my tongue as we moved so she could guide her swollen prick inside my ass. It had been standing stiff against my butt for twenty minutes already and I'd kind of been waiting for Heather to do something about it.

"You can, huh?" she breathed, making a little face as she rubbed the head of her dick around, looking for my tight little hole.

"That's my balls!" I gasped, jerking upward as her cock jammed itself into my nutsack. It didn't hurt so much as surprise me, but still...

"Sorry!" she sang. "Oh ... Ahhhh ... Huhhhh..." she sighed happily as her cock found my sphincter, stretching it for a second and then sliding past the soft, rubbery ring into my eager rectum.

"Ohhh..." I nodded, taking a deep breath and letting it out slowly as I sat down on her dick, taking her inch by inch until I had all of the girl's beautiful prick inside my boy pussy.

"Let's just sit here for a minute," Heather suggested with a smile and I nodded, resting my head on her shoulder as I felt my butt muscles quivering around her.

"Yeah," I agreed. "No hurry ... That feels good."

"Uh-huh," she kissed my hair and then my cheek, urging me to turn my face.

"I'm glad Stacy traded me to you," I whispered truthfully, looking into those amazing blue-grey eyes and feeling truly happy for the first time in a long time.

"Stacy's a fuckin' idiot," Heather sighed as her lips found mine.

Her tongue slipped into my mouth, exploring me patiently as the girl held me impaled on her thick cock. We barely moved, but we were making love all the same. My muscles were clasped tightly around her, caressing the shaft with contractions of pleasure that I had no control over. I shivered beneath Heather's soft kiss and if I'd been afraid of her earlier, expecting some kind of BDSM whips and chains thing, I'd long since forgotten all about it. She held me safe in her strong arms, joined with me completely as we shared our humid breath and the soft gasps and groans of sweet discovery.

"Ummm ... Yeah, ride it..." Heather groaned some while later, after we'd been making out hot and heavy.

"Fuck me ... Fuck ... Me!" I gasped loudly, bouncing my ass up and down on Heather's fat cock.

She might not have been as long as Stacy, but to tell the truth, I couldn't tell. I felt just as stuffed riding her beautiful dick as I did when Stacy had raped me that first time, if a rape it really was. At the time I'd thought so, but looking back on it...

I didn't want to look back. Heather held my tits with her hands digging into my sensitive flesh. I didn't have any breasts, but even so, it still felt amazing. My nipples actually throbbed for the first time in my life and I rocked my ass like a slut, grinding my tight asshole around Heather's dick with nothing but a serious rush of pleasure. It didn't hurt at all. It wasn't even uncomfortable. We were fucking hard too, all our patience had finally run out, and water sloshed over the marble of that beautiful tub, making a little flood on the bathroom floor.

"We're making ahhhh ... mess!" I half-gasped, half-giggled, feeling the strange euphoria that only really good sex can bring.

"Don't worry," Heather breathed, lifting her butt to drive her prick as deep inside me as she could. "The maid will ... um! ... clean it! Jesus! You're tight!"

"Make me cum," I begged her, holding the edges of the tub with my arms stretched wide, flexing my knees as I worked myself up and down.

"Like this?" Heather asked, sliding a hand down my tummy to find my stiff penis flopping around under the water.

"Oh!" I blinked at nodded at the sensation of her fist closing around my dick and she started jerking me off in time with her thrusts.

"Cum for me, Mattie," she breathed into my ear, licking at my skin and kissing me, tugging at my small member with her tight hand.

"I'm gonna ... Ohhh ... Ummm..." I bit my lips, sucking on them as I tried to hold back. It only took a few seconds, just the girl's touch on my aching penis was enough to bring me off and I gasped, jerking against the orgasm that filled me.

The effort of pushing hot sperm out of my balls must have felt good for Heather too. A moment later she was there with me, pulling me down and kissing my neck as her cock pulsed deep inside me bowels. I could feel her cum filling me with a delicious warmth that made me shiver. I liked the feeling, but the emotions were even better. I enjoyed knowing that I had her inside me, like Heather had given me a part of herself. Maybe that sounds silly, but it's true, and that was always the best part for me. I turned my head and told her with my eyes and lips how much it meant to me, that one silly, sexy moment out of the thousands shared.

"I think I love you, Heather," I told her seriously, blushing and feeling shy, even with her cock still hard inside me.

"Shhhh ... Silly boy," she giggled and kissed me again, but I thought that was her way of telling me she loved me too.

I hoped so.
Chapter 8 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 8
Chapter 7 Mail Bottom
Chapter 8
Posted: 9/17/2009, 4:15:38 AM
Updated: 9/18/2009, 3:38:39 AM

"Mattie! Where have you been?" Mom frowned as I walked into the kitchen with a sheepish smile on my face.

"It's my fault," Heather said before I could answer. "I took him home last night. I'm sorry."

"Oh!" My mom blinked at the eighteen-year-old girl. "You must be Stacy."

"Uh ... No, Mom," I cleared my throat. "This is Heather, my new girlfriend."

"Heather?" she almost smiled. "I thought your girlfriend was that Stacy girl?"

"She was," Heather giggled. "It's nice to meet you, Mrs. Turner."

"Are you a, uh ... boy?" Mom narrowed her eyes, looking her up and down and like I've mentioned, Heather had a seriously killer body to go with her striking blue-grey eyes and pretty face.

"Sort of," Heather scrunched her nose playfully. "I have boy parts, yeah."

"I see," Mom smiled a little nervously, but probably because six-thirty in the morning wasn't the best time to be meeting her queer son's transsexual girlfriend.

"I tried calling last night," I told her. "A bunch of times, but..."

"I was with your father," Mom nodded. "I only got home a few minutes ago myself."

"How is he?" I wondered.

"Doing better," Mom said with a reassuring smile. "Did you two eat breakfast?"

"Yeah," I nodded. "I have to get ready for school."

"Yes, you do," Mom agreed, glancing at the clock and she was a little annoyed with me, but trying not to show it.

"Do you wanna see my room?" I asked Heather, but Mom shook her head.

"Your friend can keep me company down here," she decided and then called after me, "Put that blue dress on, Mattie ... with the white shoes!"

"Yes mother!" I teased her with a theatrical sigh.

I didn't know if Mom wanted to keep Heather in kitchen just so they could talk, or if she thought we might decide to have sex, being in my bedroom and all. Probably both, I figured, but I thought I'd worn Heather out the night before. After fucking in the bathtub, we'd fucked twice more in her bed, falling asleep with the girl's fat cock still throbbing in my cum-filled butt. I'd have been surprised if Heather wanted to do me again, but she did have some nice big balls too, so maybe...

"Well, they do look nice, Heather," Mom was agreeing as I walked into the kitchen half an hour later, only to find Heather showing my mom her tits.

"All natural too," my girlfriend nodded, having pulled her cheer top above her light brown tits and dark, puffy nipples. "Some of my friends have implants, you know, but I never liked that idea."

"Really?" Mom narrowed her eyes. "So you take female hormones? Doesn't that affect your, um ... boy parts?"

"At first, yeah," Heather nodded. "But then JD, uh ... Principal Davis, told me about a doctor who specializes in girls like me."

"You mean transsexuals?" Mom asked as Heather pulled her top back down.

"Kind of," Heather shrugged. "Except he doesn't really work with people who want the whole sex change deal."

"Oh." Mom smiled patiently, looking for a little more explanation than that.

"Like, I'm never going to get my penis cut off!" Heather giggled. "No way! I like it too much!"

"So does Mattie, I suppose," Mom laughed as well and I smiled self-consciously as they both looked at me.

"This doctor, his name's Peabody, he's into girls with dicks," Heather told us. "He took me off the female hormones and started me on some other stuff and it works great!"

"I can see that," my mom agreed. "I wonder if I could get him to look at Mattie?"

"I'm sure he would," Heather said. "I have his number, if you want it. His clinic is over in Silverdale."

"Is it expensive?" Mom asked and my girlfriend shook her head.

"He didn't charge me anything," she smiled. "He said he had some kind of grant or something, like some university was paying for everything."

"Really?" Mom widened her eyes at me. "Maybe we should see this doctor. What do you think, Mattie?"

"Ummm..." I shrugged. "You mean like, I'd have boobs ... I mean, breasts?"

"I don't know," she smiled. "Do you want breasts?

"I kind of like being me," I said, not really know how I felt about it. "Do I have to?"

"Of course not," Mom shook her head. "It's your body."

"What do you think?" I looked at Heather and she pursed her lips.

"I like the way you look now," she said. "Like a sexy boy in a cute dress, but you have to do what you want."

"I'll, um ... think about it," I decided. "Okay, Mom?"

"That's a good idea," she nodded. "But I'll give that doctor a call, just to talk to him."

"We'd better get going," Heather told me after digging through her purse for the guy's card. She grinned at my mom. "I'll bring him home right after school this time."

"Good," Mom nodded. "Mattie needs to do her chores."

"Mom!" I rolled my eyes, but she was right and we both knew it.

"You don't really want to be a girl, do you?" Heather asked me on the way to school.

"I want to dress like a girl," I shrugged. "I want to be pretty."

"But not like me," she giggled. "With tits and all that?"

"I dunno," I told her truthfully. "I kinda like just being a sissy."

"A sissy!" she laughed at me, stroking my bare leg under the hem of my dress. "You're so cool, Mattie."

The dress I wore was sort of a one piece mini-dress, baby blue and really tight around my chest and tummy, showing off my complete lack of tits. The short skirt really showed off my smooth, pale legs though and especially my tight little butt! I knew I had a nice one and with my face made up and my blonde hair brushed so it shone like golden silk, I was hot even without all the girlish curves. Guys would like me just fine, I thought. At least the ones who weren't totally afraid of faggots.

I liked being a fag. A sissy, girly faggot who liked big, black dick! Tits might be sort of fun, but I thought it would almost be sort of boring if people saw me and just figured I was girl. I mean, it sounds dumb, but that's what I was thinking. Like that Shauna chick, and I still hadn't given her back her underwear yet, she looked like such a total girl that I hadn't had a clue! She was pretty, yeah, but unless she told you her secret there just wasn't anything that made her totally different from a lot of other girls. Same with the cheerleaders, although nobody would consider them boring or anything, they were just very pretty girls.

But me ... Well, I could be a boy who looked like a girl, or a girl who looked like a boy, see? It would kind of depend on who was looking at me, on what they wanted me to be. And even then, until they reached inside my panties, I'd still be a mystery. Boys would kiss me and wonder if they were queer, girls would flirt with me and giggle because they were bi-curious. At least some of them, others would ignore me completely. The boring people who wanted all the answers up front, without any risk or sense of adventure. It was a romantic view, I admit, but I was only sixteen and girlish in my heart as much as my mind.

I wanted my life to be romantic and different, the way any teenager does. Would that be so bad? I didn't think so and neither did my mom, or my new girlfriend, it seemed. Heather liked me the way I was and I think she knew how much her opinion meant to me, which was why she was reluctant to give it. I had to make my own decision and I thought that was pretty cool. Probably it was the first real decision of my adult life. Most kids wonder what they want to be when they grow up ... I had to decide who I wanted to be and that seemed like a much bigger question to me.

"You two..." Wendy wagged her finger between Kyle and me as we stood in the girls' locker room.

"Us?" Kyle asked, glancing me as I glanced at him. We were both ready to get on our knees and give our girlfriends nice, sloppy blowjobs before classes started in a half hour.

"Yeah," Heather agreed with a smile. "Strip!"

"Uhhh..." I swallowed hard, not knowing what was going on at all.

"Alright," Kyle agreed quickly and I narrowed my eyes at the boy, wondering if he knew something I didn't.

"Hurry up," Wendy told us. "We haven't got all day."

All around us the other five boys were stroking the long, black pricks that belonged to their respective girlfriends. Of course, Kevin was on his knees in front of Stacy now and Josh was sucking off Paula while he tried to watch us from the corner of his eye. There'd been a four-way trade the night before and I probably told you about that already. I'd smiled at Stacy and she'd smiled back, so I thought we were okay even though she'd been kind of mad at me. That was just Stacy though, as I was slowly learning, and all those cheerleaders had their little personality quirks or whatever.

Getting completely naked was new and I worried a little about someone catching us. I mean, bad enough we were in there having sex, but at least everyone else had their clothes on. The girls just lifted their cheer skirts and pulled their panties down or usually just to the side. The boys didn't undress at all, of course, since they were only giving head. It could get a little messy sometimes, but that never bothered anyone. So why did our girlfriends want me and Kyle to get naked? It seemed strange, but I wasn't going to argue either. Heather hadn't spanked my balls yet and I didn't want to give her an excuse, you know?

"On the floor now," Heather said, pointing at a spot on the tiled floor with her finger. "Both of you."

"Sixty-nine," Wendy told us. "We want to watch you two fags do each other."

"Sixty-nine?" I almost smiled and I'd heard of it, maybe even seen it a little in some porn video once, but I wasn't sure.

"Get on your back, sissy," Heather told me.

"You get on top of him," Wendy told Kyle.

I looked at Kyle and he was seriously pretty. Much like me, I suppose. We were the two prettiest boys in school, without a doubt. I was blond and blue, Kyle had black hair and brown eyes, but we shared the same slender build. He stood a couple inches shorter than me and didn't weigh anything. I watched him as we undressed, admiring Kyle's smooth, flat chest. He had tits like a ten year old girl, nothing but bubblegum nipples pointing out like he was cold, except I could see how warm the boy was. We were both flushed pink and maybe his dick was a little longer than mine, but only by a half inch and that was still very small compared to our girlfriends.

I mean, my penis throbbed just because I was surrounded by five hard, black cocks ... seven, now that Heather and Wendy had decided to expose their erections. And five white boys on their knees, nursing eagerly with their lips wrapped around their girlfriends' pricks, their fingers massaging heavy, black ballsacks filled with potent sperm. The sights and sounds, even the smell of all that sex, had brought my dick to throbbing erection and it looked cute and harmless by comparison, just like Kyle's as he straddled my face.

My hands went to Kyle's narrow hips, feeling the boy amazingly soft and smooth. He didn't have any body hair that I could tell, not even on his legs and especially not around his stiff penis and tight little balls. They were right there too, hanging over my mouth as Kyle laid his body across mine, bending his neck and dropping his head until I could feel his warm breath tickling my dick. Kyle held my thighs as I found his sweet, round butt and I pulled him closer, bringing his sissy sex to my open mouth and I opened for his cock as it slipped eagerly between my lips.

We both gasped softly as Kyle's warm, wet mouth closed around my penis at the same time. Like finding myself fucking a cloud, it seemed to me. I'd never had a blowjob before. I couldn't even imagine Stacy sucking a sissy dick and Heather, she liked to play with it, but that's all. Now I knew what all the fuss was about! Kyle's tongue moved around my dick light and quick as a feather, tickling and teasing me as I tried to do the same for him. I could take all of his dick in my mouth too! My nose pressed into his soft, clean balls and they smelled like soap from his bath. My lips were tight around the base, my tongue washing the boy everywhere as I swallowed his leaking precum.

"Get your legs up," Heather whispered and I didn't know what was going on for a second there. I'd been so into that sixty-nine with Kyle that I'd sorta forgotten about everything else.

"Like this now," Wendy breathed and I widened my eyes as her swollen, black cock and heavy balls dominated my world.

"Keep sucking, girls!" Heather giggled. "Lesbian sissy fags, heh!"

"See? I told you they'd look good together," Wendy giggled as well, bringing her cockhead to Kyle's tight, pink butthole even as I held his penis tightly inside my sucking mouth.

"Like twins," Heather agreed, finally bringing her own turgid prick to my puckered boy pussy.

She'd lifted my legs over her shoulders and Kyle didn't stop sucking my dick at all. Neither of us would let the other go, not even when we felt that initial sharp discomfort of being pierced by something big, black, and blunt. I heard Kyle's muffled gasp and it echoed my own as I winced and tried to relax against the penetration. Heather's cock stretched my anus quickly, easily, sliding into my rectum just like the one above me. I could see Wendy's cock as it disappeared slowly into Kyle's ass and better yet, I could feel it! That seemed so strangely wonderful as I let out the breath I'd been holding, breathing easily through my nose, relaxing my ass and inviting Heather to fuck me hard.

They took us like that, our beautiful, black girlfriends. Fucking Kyle and me relentlessly, driving us back and forth with their rock hard pricks buried in our bowels. The slapping of Wendy's ebony thighs against Kyle's pink flesh filled my ears and her low hanging scrotum rode across my forehead and into my eyes, caressing my flushed face as it would slide over my nose to slap my sissy friend's much smaller sack. I never stopped sucking either. I worked Kyle's dick with my tongue, hollowed my cheeks, and swallowed the juices filling my mouth.

Kyle had let go of my dick and as Heather rolled my ass off the floor, he went to work on my balls first and then lower. The faggot licked around my hole even as Heather fucked me, his tongue licked around her fat cock, teasing both of us as he kissed our union. I shivered with the sensation of being fucked and licked at the same time, making muffled sounds of pleasure when Kyle would kiss the soft skin of my thighs and even bite me gently. He took my balls in his mouth, both of my sissy orbs at once, sucking and washing them with his tongue while Heather rode my ass and fucked her black prick into my tender prostate.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum!" Wendy groaned, suddenly pulling her dark, glistening cock completely out of Kyle's ass. "Ohhh ... Ah!"

She came all over us, jerking herself off as the first jets of creamy ball juice erupted from her cock. Wendy painted Kyle's ass and scrotum, and especially my face with the stuff, and I opened my mouth wide around the other boy's penis, letting her cum spill around Kyle's cock and into my hungry mouth. Wendy tried to force her cock between my lips, pressing it against her boyfriend's penis and down, but she was too large for that. Too strong and thick and wouldn't fit, but Wendy was still cumming anyway and my mouth overflowed with her salty spend as I closed my lips around Kyle's hard, little dick and let him fuck my cummy mouth.

He started cumming about the same time Heather did, but she didn't pull out of my butt! She drove her cock inside me one last time and gave me a deep, hard grind with her balls pressed against my upturned ass and my knees spread wide over her shoulders and around Kyle's body. I swallowed the heady mixture of Wendy's strong, black cum and Kyle's thin, sweet syrup even as Heather pumped my clasping asshole full of juice. I came too, the wonderful sensation of hot cum soothing my bruised rectum and battered bowels bringing me off completely. Kyle covered my jerking penis with his mouth, adding to the pleasure as he sucked and swallowed my sissy cum.

"Clean me up, faggot," Heather commanded, pulling her semi-hard prick out of my ass and presenting it to Kyle's cum stained mouth.

"You know what to do," Wendy giggled, pushing Kyle out of the way so she could push her prick between my lips as I lay there in a happy daze.

We washed each other's girlfriends with our tongues for several minutes before they were satisfied. I sat up slowly, sitting beside a very pink, smiling Kyle in the middle of the girls' locker room. He giggled at me and I knew I had to be a serious mess. Wendy had cum all over my face and a lot of Kyle's orgasm had spilled out of me, running down my cheeks and neck and into my hair. I didn't mind though and Kyle leaned close, kissing me tentatively at first, as if our girlfriends might stop us. When they didn't, Kyle and I were soon making out, the boy kissing my spermy face as much as my mouth. He'd lick the cum from my skin and then push his tongue between my lips so I could swallow it, after swapping the goo between us for a minute or two.

He made my dick hard again, I swear, and I felt Kyle's hands on my chest even as I rubbed and pinched his pretty, pink nipples. I sucked his tongue the way I'd sucked his dick, and then the dark haired fag would do the same for me. Only when we'd reached for each other's dicks and balls, squeezing and playing with each other, did our girlfriends finally stop us.

"Enough of that, sissies!" Wendy said. "The bell's gonna ring in about two minutes."

"You two better get cleaned up," Heather agreed, watching as I gave Kyle one last, deep kiss to get a sexy moan out of the boy's delicate throat.

"Lesbian sissies," Wendy sighed and then giggled. "This is gonna be trouble."

"Shauna?" I breathed, approaching the girl timidly as she stood at her locker after homeroom.

The seventeen-year-old senior turned her head and frowned, then glanced around the crowded hallway unhappily as a lot of people were looking at us. Looking at me, and most of the kids were still trying to decide how to react to the newest cross-dressing fag in school. The only one too, so far as they knew, and maybe that was why Shauna looked a little nervous.

She also looked completely amazing. The hottest white girl in the whole school, but the quietest one as well. She should have been a cheerleader and the homecoming queen and all that stuff. Class president or whatever, because that's what beautiful people do, right? But not Shauna. She hardly ever talked to anyone, kept her head down and went to her classes, avoiding people and pretending she was invisible or something. If a guy tried to talk to her, and I'm sure a few did, Shauna would ignore them. She wanted to ignore me, but I was holding a small plastic bag with her freshly laundered underwear in it. The panty and bra I'd stolen from her and now had to give back with a sincere apology.

"I've got your, um ... underwear," I said softly, whispering actually and the girl's sea green eyes dropped from my red face to my hands.

"Thanks," she said sarcastically, snatching the bag from my fingers and throwing it carelessly into her locker.

"I washed everything," I told her. "And, um ... I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to..."

"Why'd you take mine?" she asked, looking into my eyes again and I wanted to look away, but I couldn't. I had to face the music, you know.

"I don't know," I shrugged, frowning because that sounded so lame!

"You were really wearing them?"

"Your panties?" I asked, swallowing hard and she nodded.

"You didn't notice the..." she blushed sweetly, trying to be tough and failing finally.

"The cum?" I whispered.

"Yeah."

"I liked it," I told her, looking over my shoulder as a couple guys walked past, talking about how nice my butt looked...

" ... for a fag!" one of them chuckled and I gave him the finger.

Shauna narrowed her eyes and waited for the guys to walk away, giving her shoulder-length hair a little toss. She had sort of auburn hair, but with a lot of blonde in it. Like a dark bronze color and it looked good on her. She looked good, with a seriously curvy body that her plain clothes couldn't hide. I knew she wore a padded bra, so her tits were probably smaller than they looked, but even so ... If I'd been a real boy instead of a total slut for black dick, I'd have gone for Shauna big time!

"You liked it?" she asked suspiciously.

"I thought it was someone else's," I admitted. "But, yeah..."

"My sister told you," Shauna sighed. "Swan said you were at the store."

"Yeah," I nodded, remembering the salesgirl at Saucy's very well and she'd clued me in about her transsexual sister.

The bell started ringing then and I wished it hadn't. Shauna looked like she might have wanted to talk a little more, but as soon as she heard it, the girl slammed her locker closed.

"You want to have lunch with me?" I asked her quickly.

"Like yesterday?" she asked and I wasn't sure what she meant for a second. "Behind the school with fifty people watching? No thanks."

"What?" I blinked at her. "No! I didn't mean..."

But Shauna was already walking away towards her first class, leaving me there feeling like a complete idiot.

In my social studies class we were watching a video. Our teacher, Mrs. Herman, was an older woman. Like seventy years older! She had narcolepsy or something, and a touch of Alzheimer's as well, I thought. She was in her last year before retirement. Anyway, Mrs. Herman liked to turn on the television, turn out the lights, and go to sleep at her desk for an hour. Not everyday, of course, there weren't that many videos to watch and she had to stretch them out over the semester, you know, but once a week for sure.

"Hey..." Danny Washington whispered, pushing his chair close to mine. His desk too, since we had those chairs with the thin, kidney shaped shelves attached to them for note taking and stuff.

"What?" I looked at the skinny black boy in the dim light.

"Mattie..." Jerry Cooper, another black boy, slid his chair closer on the other side of me. His real name was Jeremiah and I'd heard his dad was a minister.

"What are you guys doing?" I looked between them and they were sitting very close to me then, but we were in the back row anyway.

"Feel this," Jerry said with a grin, taking my left hand, and before I knew what he was doing I felt his warm cock under my fingers.

"Hey!" I gasped loudly, jerking my hand away like I'd been burned.

"Like that?" he asked me with a soft chuckle.

"Shhh ... Feel mine," Danny whispered and he'd taken my right hand and pulled it against his own warm and definitely hard penis.

"Stop it!" I frowned at him, pulling my hand away.

"Come on," Jerry breathed, leaning close enough to tickle my ear with his breath. "Nobody can see us."

"We heard you like that black dick," Danny whispered in my other ear, sliding his fingertips up my spine.

"You're hot as hell, baby," Jerry reached across his body, turning towards me so he could touch my tummy and then higher, pressing his hand against my flat chest.

"I don't want to," I whispered. "Leave me alone."

"Just touch it for me," Danny said, definitely stroking my back and shoulders gently, making me feel warm all over.

"Play with it," Jerry agreed, putting a little more pressure on my barely covered nipples as he rubbed my tits.

"You ever kissed a black man?" Danny wondered and when I looked at him, he kissed me. His thick lips touched mine and his tongue teased me as the boy's hand found my neck and refused to let me pull away from him.

"Mmph!" I moaned into his mouth and even though I wasn't entirely sure I wanted to be fooling around with anyone in the middle of social studies, I opened for his tongue.

Danny filled my mouth with it, kissing me deeply as I teased him with my own. Somehow my hand found its way back to his prick and I wrapped my fingers around the dark shaft, feeling it throb with a life all its own. Jerry kissed my hair and neck, my bare shoulder while I made out with his friend, and my other hand was soon sliding up and down his long, black cock as well.

My own little white penis stiffened quickly in my panties and I squirmed in my seat, still a little sore from all the sex Heather had given me the night before. That morning too, don't forget, and my tender boy cunt had been filled with her cum and I could feel her still inside me. The greasy sensation only added to the pleasure of kissing a black boy while I squeezed his dick and some small part of me was telling me not to be a slut, but I wasn't listening. I had a serious go button when it came to black dick and now I had two of them in my hands!

"Here..." Jerry turned my head after two or three minutes of swapping spit with Danny and I couldn't even catch my breath as he shoved his tongue halfway down my throat.

I swear! Jerry just wanted to fuck my mouth with his tongue. I arched my back, squeezing both those dicks hard in my fists as I practically gagged on the boy's wriggling muscle. He had a long fucking tongue! Christ! I sucked on it like I would a cock, pursing my lips and sliding them along the soft flesh with a bob of my head. A minute later we went back to kissing, with Jerry sucking at my lips and me nibbling on his in turn.

All the while those two boys kept touching me too. Their hands were all over my dress, making me tingle and shiver, leaning one way and then the other as they'd share my mouth between them. I could barely concentrate on what my hands were doing, everything else felt so good. I'd jerk them off for a few minutes and then sort of forget, just holding those two big dicks while I swallowed their warm saliva and went back for more.

"Whoops!" I gasped and giggled, red faced and sweaty as the lights came on suddenly. I hadn't even realized the video had finished!

"Awww man!" Danny frowned when I let go of his dick quickly, Jerry's too as I tried to sit up straight and look innocent for Mrs. Herman.

"Shit!" Jerry breathed and both boys were trying to get their rock hard pricks back inside their pants. Half the class grinned at us and the other half whispered while the teacher tried to figure out what the commotion was.

"You gotta finish what you started, baby," Jerry said after the bell had rang and we were standing up to leave the classroom.

"No doubt," Danny agreed. "You got my balls hurtin!"

"Sorry!" I giggled. "But you guys started it, remember?"

I gave them a little wave, taking a deep breath and really wishing I could get those two boys someplace nice and quiet. I'd fuck and suck the two of them at the same time, I thought. On my hands and knees like a slut, taking hard, black dick at both ends! The very thought made my tummy quiver, but another part of me thought it was better this way. Teasing could be a lot of fun and it wasn't my fault they had a serious case of blue balls. I mean, they really had started it, like I said, and that was the best part. Neither one of them had called me boy or faggot or anything like that. Just baby, and that made me giggle happily.

"What are you so happy about, faggot?" Karen asked me as I found myself walking between her and Paula suddenly.

"Nothing," I smiled shyly at the girl.

"Anybody giving you a hard time?" Paula wondered and I laughed at that.

"Sorta," I shrugged. "But I can handle it."

"I bet!" Karen gave me a smile. "Just remember who your girlfriend is now."

"Heather's gonna beat your balls if you fuck around," Paula warned me.

"Oh!" I blinked at her and nodded quickly, because I had sort of forgotten about that.

"I'm glad you're not my boyfriend," Paula sighed, smiling, but serious too. "Half the boys in school want to fuck your faggot ass."

"No kidding," Karen agreed, glancing around and there were a lot of boys watching us, and not just those two hot black chicks either. They were looking at me too.

They left me to go to their own classes and I guessed that they'd just wanted to give me a friendly reminder. I needed one, that's for sure, because it was awfully hard to think about anything else when I had a couple boys kissing on me! I'd have to watch out for that, I thought. The last thing I needed was to have my brand new girlfriend pissed off at me!

"Wendy wants to dye my hair," Kyle said with a smile and we all looked at him.

"She does?" Josh asked, munching slowly on his French fries as we sat in the cafeteria for lunch. Wendy had been his girlfriend for over a year, but now he was with Paula after the big boyfriend trade the night before.

"Blonde," Kyle nodded, looking at me. "Like Mattie's."

"Heh!" Jimmy grinned at that. "I can't even picture you with blonde hair."

"Me neither," Kyle giggled. "She said she's gonna do it tonight."

"What are your parents going to say?" I wondered.

"Nothing," the boy shrugged. "They know I'm queer for black dick anyway."

"Kyle's got cool parents," Brad told me with a laugh and Kyle gave him a dirty look, which I didn't understand.

"Leave him alone," Kevin said. Being the eldest of us and a senior, he was sort of in charge.

"What?" Brad shrugged. "They are cool. Tell Mattie about your dad, Kyle."

"What about your dad?" I asked, even though Kyle didn't really look like he wanted to talk about his parents. I was curious.

"He's kind of a..." Kyle started saying.

"Pervert!" Jimmy giggled, being the youngest and definitely least mature of us. He could be annoying sometimes.

"Shut-up," Kevin slapped the back of Jimmy's neck.

"A pervert?" I wondered, looking at Kyle and the boy shrugged.

"He's one of those registered sex offender guys," Kyle said. "He was in jail before."

"He was?" I widened my eyes at that news. "What did he do?"

"He's not really a pervert though," Kyle said with a frown at Jimmy. "He just sorta got my babysitter pregnant."

"You have a babysitter?" I asked with a giggle and Kyle stuck his tongue out at me.

"No!" he said. "I mean when I was a baby. She was like almost eleven or something and dad got her pregnant. He didn't know she'd had her first period already."

"Early bloomer," Kevin nodded, like it could happen to anyone.

"She was ten?" I stared at him and Kyle shrugged.

"Yeah," he said. "She was eleven when the baby was born, so..."

"What happened then?"

"Oh! My dad? He got arrested," Kyle answered. "The girl wanted to do it, but it's still rape or whatever, so my dad went to jail for like ten years."

"He did?" I blinked at the boy.

"And he has to tell people he's one of those sex maniac guys!" Jimmy giggled, earning another slap on the neck, this time from Josh. "Hey! Cut it out!"

"And check this out..." Brad leaned over the table, grinning at me. "The babysitter is Kyle's mom now!"

"What?" I smiled in confusion.

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "My real mom left my dad, you know, cause he fucked the babysitter and everything."

"So..." I shrugged.

"And Marcy, my mom, the babysitter, I mean..." Kyle rolled his eyes, " ... she kept writing letters to my dad in jail. Sending him pictures of the baby and all that."

"So after he got out, they got married!" Brad said. "Is that cool or what?"

"That's why my little brother is half black," Kyle nodded and I didn't even know he had a little brother!

"Except he's not little!" Josh grinned at Kyle. "That boy's got a big dick!"

"Yeah," Kyle giggled, blushing sweetly. "He does."

"He does?" I giggled too. "Where's he at?"

"Tyrone goes to middle school," Kevin told me. "He's only fourteen."

"But he's got a big dick!" Josh repeated, just in case I'd missed that part.

"So your mom, um ... step-mom," I corrected myself. "She's black?"

"Oh yeah," Kyle nodded. "She's really nice too. Her and Paula got along really good together."

"Really?" I smiled at that. "How about your dad?"

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "He likes her too. When dad was in jail he was sorta, um..."

"He was a bitch!" Jimmy said, ducking as Kevin tried to slap him again.

"A bitch?" I wondered.

"After some of the guys in jail found out my dad had raped a black girl, they wanted him to know how it felt," Kyle explained. "My Uncle Jimbo was his cellmate for three years."

"Your Uncle Jimbo?" I giggled.

"Well, he's not really my uncle," Kyle giggled. "That's just what mom wants me to call him when he comes over."

"Huh?" I rolled my eyes, feeling more lost than ever.

"Uncle Jimbo likes my dad a lot," Kyle shrugged. "So after Dad got paroled and married and everything, Uncle Jimbo came by for a visit and ... I dunno, he comes over a lot."

"Kyle's dad is pretty cute," Kevin nodded.

"Yeah," Kyle agreed. "I take after him. Tyrone looks like my grandpa ... My mom's dad, I mean. He's really big."

"Really black too!" Brad said.

"So your dad ... has a black boyfriend?" I asked slowly.

"Pretty much," Kyle agreed. "Uncle Jimbo fucks Mom too, but I think he likes my dad better."

"Your mom's seriously cute too," Josh said.

"Too bad she doesn't have a dick," Kevin agreed. "She'd be really hot then!"

"Yeah," Kyle giggled and blushed. "Anyway, they're pretty cool about me having a black girlfriend with a cock and everything."

"Sounds like it," I agreed, but I thought Kyle had a pretty weird family!

"You can go right in, Mattie," Mrs. Peterman told me after I'd gotten called to the principal's office in the middle of history class.

"Okay," I nodded, swallowing hard and hoping I wasn't in trouble.

I knocked on the door and opened it slowly, peeking inside and finding Principal Davis smiling at me from behind his desk.

"Mattie! Come in," he said. "Don't be shy. Close the door behind you."

"Um ... You wanted to see me, sir?" I asked softly, closing the door behind me with a loud snick.

"Oh yes," he nodded. "Have a seat. My, my ... Don't you look like a pretty little girl today!"

"Thank you," I said, not really knowing what else to say as I sat on one of the chairs in front of his desk.

"How are you getting along?" he asked. "Is everything alright?"

"Yeah," I shrugged. "I'm okay, I guess."

"None of the boys are giving you a hard time?" he wondered with a deep chuckle and I blushed and shook my head.

"No sir," I answered. "Not, um ... really."

"Is that good news or bad news?" he teased me and I looked down at my thighs and smoothed my short blue skirt nervously.

The principal was a large man, a large black man, with broad shoulders and a bald head. Big hands too and he clasped them together over his flat stomach as he leaned back in his chair, staring at me with a smile on his handsome face.

"I was sorry to hear about your father, Mattie," he told me. "How's he doing?"

"Pretty good," I replied, nodding and biting my bottom lip. "He has to stay in the hospital for a few more days, but..."

"Sure. Sure," the principal agreed. "I'm sure he'll be fine. That's good news."

"Yeah," I said, clearing my throat.

"And I see you have some new clothes," he said with a smile. "That's a very pretty dress."

"Uh ... My mom picked it out for me."

"And I love your hair," he continued. "You're such a pretty boy, Mattie. I just knew you'd make a sexy little girl."

"Thank you," I whispered.

"So why don't you pull up that pretty dress?"

"Ummm..."

"And pull your panties down ... Go on," he nodded. "I want to see that hard little boy clit of yours."

"Y-Yes sir," I breathed, not understand exactly what he wanted from me, but unwilling to refuse the man either.

I lifted my butt and pulled my dress up, wrinkling the blue lycra around my waist and exposing my pale thighs and small white panties. I avoided the principal's eyes, keeping my head down as I pushed my underwear down slowly, stretching the cotton between my knees. My penis wasn't hard at all as it just sort of lay across my hairless balls, looking not much bigger than my thumb. I blushed hard with humiliation, exposing myself that way to the man, but Principal Davis only smiled at me.

"Yeah, just like that," he said in his gentle, baritone voice. "Now rub it for me, Mattie. Play with your pussy. I want to see that sexy clit of yours nice and hard for me."

"Yes sir," I whispered, hardly able to get the words out as my heart went faster and my body began to tremble.

I touched my penis tentatively and began to play with it beneath the principal's watchful gaze. I did it the way Stacy had taught me, not holding my dick like a boy would, but using the tips of my fingers to rub it. I pushed and pulled at my soft skin, tugging my penis upward and around in a small circle. That felt good and my dick began to get harder, stiffening so that it stood upright as I stroked the soft, white skin around it.

"Play with your balls too," he told me. "Go ahead and squeeze them for me ... Pull your balls tight ... Harder, faggot ... Stretch those pussy balls ... More..."

"Ummm..." I winced as I squeezed my tender balls in my fist, pulling my small scrotum away from my body, towards the principal as he sat there staring at me. It kind of hurt, but felt good at the same time. I felt something like electricity down there, a strange sensation that made my tummy ache.

"Up here..." Principal Davis said and I'd had my eyes closed, so I hadn't seen him getting up.

He lifted me out of the chair and put me on the desk, pushing me down to lay on my back across his papers with my butt on the edge. The man yanked my panties down my legs, removing them completely and dropping them on the floor. He spread my thighs and stepped between them and I realized his own huge, black dick was jutting from his trousers and resting heavily across my tummy.

"I look at you..." he sighed, " ... and all I can think about is shoving my cock up your sissy ass."

"Ohhh..." I moaned softly, nodding and staring at his dark face.

"You want it too," he told me. "Tell me."

"I want it," I breathed, wincing as he suddenly slapped his fat cock against my pink balls.

"What do you want, pussy?" he asked, slapping my balls again, beating my small penis with is dark prick.

"I want your cock!" I whispered.

"You want my cock where, bitch?" he demanded, pressing his cock against mine with his palm flat atop it.

The principal thrust with his hips, working his long cock over my own, fucking me that way, sliding the shaft back and forth across my aching penis. His hairy balls fell between my quivering thighs and found my pink scrotum and I jerked my hips as I felt his sperm bloated testes caressing mine.

"In my ass," I told him, holding my flat chest with my hands, trying to rub my nipples through my dress. "I want your black cock to fuck my white pussy!"

"Get your legs up, sissy! Higher!" He commanded and I soon had my knees over the man's shoulders as he leaned over me.

His cockhead found my asshole quickly then and as the principal pushed his rock hard prick inside my faggot hole, he covered my mouth with his. My gasp of pleasure and pain was muffled by his tongue and I scratched at his clothing, slapping his muscular arms and thighs as he drove his cock into my bowels with one relentless stroke. He had me pinned down and helpless like a pale butterfly, bent double at the waist and sucking his tongue while my boy pussy clasped itself eagerly around him.

Principal Davis fucked me hard and deep, pumping my rectum like a well oiled machine. The old cum that Heather had filled me with that morning was being churned inside my bowels like butter. I could feel the distinct squishing as the principal's cock dove into the mess, gathering the slime on his dark skin and using it to lubricate my tight channel. The discomfort went away quickly, replaced with a generous warmth that filled every part of my being. I tried to fuck him back, pulling at the man with my hands and squeezing my asshole around him with soft grunts and groans.

How long the principal lasted, I had no idea. Five minutes? Maybe ten at the most before he offered me a low, satisfied groan and fucked his hot cum as deep inside my body as he could get it. His cockhead was nestled in the depths of my ass, buried in my tender flesh as he ejaculated a fresh load of hot ball juice inside my sissy cunt. I came too, without even realizing I'd been on the edge. My penis spasmed between us, spilling my own small flood of sticky boy goo into my bunched up dress.

"Ohhh..." I sighed, licking my bruised lips and feeling giggly the way I always do after a really great fuck.

"You liked that, huh?" Principal Davis chuckled as he stood up slowly, wiping his dick off on my thighs. "Clean this mess up now..."

I just wanted to lay there and catch my breath, enjoying the afterglow of our sex, but I knew what he wanted and I forced myself to sit up. I slipped off the desk and onto my knees, licking the salty glaze of man cum off the principal's slightly softened cock. I washed the head, taking him into my mouth for a minute, and then the shaft, and then finally the man's wonderful balls, taking his oversized testes one at a time between my lips and bathing them with my tongue.

rap-rap-rap

"Principal Davis ... Oh!" Mrs. Peterman stopped two feet into the office, blinking at the sight of little pink me kneeling on the carpet with a mouthful of big black scrotum. "Excuse me!"

"Give us a minute, Alice," the principal said, reaching for my hair and pulling my face into his cock and balls. "Mattie's almost finished."

"Uhhh ... Yes sir," she agreed quickly, leaving the room and pulling the door closed behind her.

"Don't worry about her," he said with a chuckle, seeing the worry in my big blue eyes. "Alice loves my black dick almost as much as you do."

"Mmmph..." I shrugged at that news and hoped the man was right.

end
Chapter 9 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 9
Chapter 8 Mail Bottom
Chapter 9
Posted: 9/21/2009, 3:42:09 AM

My girlfriend did bring me home right after school.

"Where's your mom?" Heather wondered as we entered through the house through the kitchen.

"She works until nine," I shrugged and then smiled as I felt her hands on my shoulders.

"Good ... I want you right here," she decided, pushing me over the kitchen table. "I wanna fuck you in every room of the house."

"Ummm..." I half-giggled, half-sighed, laying on my tummy while Heather yanked my panties down my pale legs.

"Yeah," she sighed too, pulling my blue skirt upwards to expose my bare butt as I smiled at her over my shoulder. "I love your white pussy!"

"Oh!" I gasped happily when the black transsexual spread my cheeks with her thumbs and buried her dark, beautiful face against my sensitive skin.

Her lips found my tight sphincter, kissing my anus lightly, and I honestly didn't think a girl like Heather would ever want to go down on me like that! Her tongue tickled and teased my asshole, licking across it from my balls upward, and that put my on my tip-toes! I hitched a sharp breath as she fondled my penis, only five inches long and not very thick at all, but straining with excitement as Heather wrapped her gentle fingers around the shaft and squeezed.

"Mmmm..." Heather moaned around my balls as she took them into her mouth, sucking hard at my pink scrotum.

She took both of the testes between her lips at once and I wriggled my hips, making faces at the sensation of having my small, tender nuts teased almost painfully. Heather really sucked on them hard! Her tongue moved around and between them as my hairless ball sack was pulled taut away from my pelvis. She bobbed her head, sorta, as if giving me a blowjob that way, with my ballsack in her mouth, and I found myself shivering with the raw pleasure of it.

"Uh oh!" I gasped softly, nodding and blinking over my shoulder, holding the edges of the table with my arms stretched wide.

Heather didn't let go of my little white dick either! The black cheerleader's fist covered nearly the whole thing and she didn't really pump me so much as just squeeze and jerk my penis like she wanted to yank it right off my body. That hurt a little too, but felt so good that I couldn't beg her to stop. I just humped myself against her beautiful face as much as I could, feeling her nose pressed right up against my little butthole as she ate my balls like candy!

I swear, Heather seemed to be chewing on them almost, but only gently. Sorta. Still, the sensation of her jaws moving, her teeth hard and unyielding as they'd close upon my vulnerable balls, made me ache with something like fear. But that wasn't it. I wasn't afraid, just excited and confused and amazingly happy. I mean, happy is one of those things that goes without saying during sex, right? But I'd had sex without feeling happy before and this was way better!

My penis dripped precum onto the kitchen floor, the thin fluid spilling over Heather's tight fingers as she worked my dick between them. She made me cum that way, after only three or four minutes, while the girl nursed on my balls, nibbling and sucking almost frantically on my sensitive boy parts, Heather brought me off so that I groaned and jerked on the table. I gasped and clenched my teeth and shut my eyes because it sorta hurt!

She squeezed my dick really hard, like as soon as Heather felt the first spasm, she pinched my penis near the base about as hard as she could and my cum had no place to go! My balls struggled to push the sperm out and my gut ached with the contractions, but the stuff was bottled up at the bottom of my dick. Heather wouldn't let it out for several long, agonizing seconds until all of a sudden she relaxed her grip and ... Pow! The semen just seemed to explode out of me! The relief I felt was intense and I just sorta collapsed, shooting hot, thin boy cum into Heather's hand as she cupped the head of my jerking dick.

"Over here, Mattie..." Heather giggled after she'd let me have my cum. "Down here now. I've got something for you."

"Yeah," I breathed, moving slowly so I could get on my knees for her. "That felt really crazy!"

"I bet!" she said with a smile, standing naked from the waist down and spreading my whitish cum all over her long, black cock. "Suck on this, white boy. Clean me up before I fuck you."

"Hmmm..." I smiled up at her and leaned forward, catching her cock with my open mouth and just suckling the head at first.

I moved my hands to the back of Heather's smooth, brown thighs, stroking her warm skin upwards until I found her perfect ass. I caressed her butt while I began washing her gorgeous cock with my lips and tongue. She didn't hold it for me or anything either, I only used my mouth, pushing the stiff member this way and that. Her prick was hard as steel too. I loved that about her, much the way I'd enjoyed Stacy's amazingly powerful cock. There was no give to it, the muscle might have been chiseled from hot, living stone and covered with dark, satin skin.

Heather's cock seemed like God to me and I worshipped it. Adored her prick and loved it. I stretched my lips around the shaft and pushed my face down, taking her as deep as I could and pulling back, doing it again and again as I breathed through my nose and stared upward at her smiling face. She removed her cheer top while I sucked, exposing her flat tummy and the firm, upturned mounds of her tits. Heather gave me a perfect view of her female form to admire and enjoy while I mouthed her hard, masculine prick.

"Mattie? I didn't know you were ... Oh!" Mom stood in the doorway, wearing her bathrobe and scratching her bed head.

"Don't stop!" Heather hissed, grabbing my head with both hands and pulling me down on her cock until I gagged softly. "Hi, Mrs. Turner," she smiled at my mom. "I'm just giving Mattie a little after school snack."

"I see that," Mom laughed lightly. "I'll, um ... I just wanted to make some tea. Would you like some?"

"Yeah," Heather agreed, as if it was completely normal to be getting a blowjob in my mom's kitchen. "That would be great."

"I don't suppose Mattie will want any," Mom said, finding her tea kettle in the cupboard.

"Do you want any tea?" Heather asked me, but keeping my mouth on her dick as she pumped my face with it.

"Ummph!" I blinked at her, feeling rather embarrassed at being caught sucking a dick by my mom.

"No," my girlfriend giggled. "He says he just wants the cream."

"Hmmm..." Mom smiled at that. "Why don't you sit down, Heather? It'll take a few minutes for the water to boil."

I soon found myself kneeling beneath the kitchen table with my head between Heather's wide-spread thighs, sucking her cock while she and my mom waited for their tea. Mom sat down at the table as well, adjusting her chair so she could see the girl's black dick stretching my lips. Heather would force me turn my face just to make sure Mom had a good view and my left cheek would bulge outward as that big dick pressed into it.

"I have to say, you have a rather, uh ... large cock, Heather," Mom said. "It looks very nice on you though."

"Thank you!" Heather smiled, scratching my blonde hair with her red fingernails. "Mattie likes it a lot too."

"Well, I can see why!" Mom giggled. "I wondered what he would look like, you know ... sucking a penis."

"He looks sexy," Heather sighed, smiling down at me. "He's really good a it too. I can't believe he hasn't been doing it for years."

"Well ... He might have been doing it for years!" Mom said. "His father and I always suspected he was gay. It wouldn't surprise me if Mattie's been sucking off other boys since grade school."

"Really?" Heather nodded at that. "Did he ever go to summer camp? I've heard all kinds of stories about those places!"

"Oh yes!" Mom agreed happily. "He went three years in a row while my husband was stationed down in Texas. Mattie would get so excited about seeing all those boys that he couldn't sleep at night!"

"And some of those boys were black too, I bet!" Heather grinned and Mom nodded.

"Most of them were," she said. "And some of those camp councilors, ohhh ... I remember one handsome young man. A very healthy black man, he seemed quite fond of Mattie. What was his name ... Derek! You remember him, don't you, Mattie?"

"Umph mmph!" I kind of shrugged, holding Heather's cockhead in my mouth and swishing my tongue around it.

"Ohhh! A black man!" my girlfriend teased me. "Did you suck him off every night, Mattie? Did you love his black cock in front of all the other boys, sitting around the campfire. Hmmm?"

"Oh! He probably did!" Mom laughed. "He doesn't seem to be shy at all, does he?"

"Mattie? Shy?" Heather rolled her blue-grey eyes and giggled. "I don't want you to get mad, but Mattie's already the biggest slut in school."

"Really?" Mom's eyes widened at that and her kettle started whistling about then.

"He's only been at Hathaway High for ... what? Two weeks, Mattie?" Heather wondered.

"Mmph!" I sorta nodded, bobbing my head up and down her prick slowly, lazily sucking my girlfriend off in front of my mom.

"Two weeks," Heather sighed, watching as my mom started pouring water for their tea. "And the whole school knows how much he loves black cock."

"Hmph!" Mom made a face and shook her head at that news. "I think one should be enough, especially a nice, big one like yours, Heather."

"See?" Heather lifted my flushed face off her cock and slapped my lips with it. WHAP! "Nobody likes a slut, Mattie..." WHAP! " ... stick out your tongue..." WHAP! " ... I heard about you making out with those two boys in your history class..." WHAP! " ... I already told you how jealous I can get..." WHAP! " ... do you want me to spank your balls in front of your mother?" WHAP!

"N-Nummph!" I blinked at her, sticking out my tongue as Heather spanked my face with her heavy, black dick.

"Making out in class?" Mom clucked her tongue, watching as my girlfriend smacked my face again, the spit and precum that covered the shaft leaving my pink skin glistening.

"With two black boys," Heather nodded. "At the same time! I really have my hands full trying to keep an eye on Mattie."

"I can see that!" Mom agreed seriously. "You'll just have to be firm with him, Heather. Lord knows, I spoiled the boy. I shouldn't have, but..."

"It's not your fault," Heather reassured my mom. "Mattie just can't control himself around black men and they know it."

"Oh! I'm sure you're right about that," Mom laughed lightly, setting two cups of hot tea on the table. "Black men take one look at Mattie and they know he's a little white pussy for big black dick. Principal Davis told me all about it."

"Did he?" Heather tilted her head, pulling my mouth back down on her dick. "Suck it good now, faggot," she whispered. "I want to cum."

"He called me this morning, as a matter of fact," Mom nodded, nudging the sugar bowl. "Sugar, Heather?"

"Thank you," she said, reaching for her spoon as I wrapped my hand around her dick, jerking the girl off in time with my bobbing head.

"Mr. Davis told me he was a little concerned about Mattie," Mom explained. "That some of the boys in school might try to take advantage of him. The black boys, I mean."

"Hmmm..." Heather sighed in agreement.

"The principal told me how he took one look at Mattie and knew my son was a pussy cockslut," Mom said with a soft laugh. "I guess Mr. Davis has had some experience with white boys over the years."

"I've heard that too," my girlfriend said. "He's the one who suggested that Mattie might make a good boyfriend for Stacy."

"Really?" Mom didn't seem too surprised.

"But that was before she knew how girly Mattie is," Heather giggled. "Stacy doesn't really like that in a boy."

"I see," Mom nodded. "But you don't mind if..."

"If Mattie likes to wear dresses?" Heather asked, stroking my hair and she wasn't showing any sign of getting close to orgasm yet, despite all my eager sucking. "No, I think he's so pretty when he dresses up. I just have to figure out how to keep him away from all those black cocks out there!"

"The boy can't say no," Mom agreed with a sigh. "Maybe you should put him on a leash."

"A leash?" Heather giggled. "Put a collar on him?"

"Why not?" Mom shrugged and I realized she was serious. "But I suppose you're in different classes, aren't you?"

"Yeah," Heather nodded. "I'm a senior, so ... I'll just have to use the old carrot and the stick, I guess."

"Well, he certainly likes the carrot!" Mom laughed and started to get up from the table. "I think I'll go take a bath and get ready to go to the hospital. I'll be so glad when Mattie's father can come home again."

"I'm sure," Heather sympathized. "Oh! I wanted to ask you ... Would you mind if I got Mattie a little tattoo?"

"Mmph?" I blinked up at her, frozen for the moment with half of Heather's dick crammed into my mouth.

"A tattoo?" Mom narrowed her eyes. "I'm not sure. What sort of..."

"Just a small one," Heather assured her. "A little spade right next to Mattie's clit ... I mean, his dick."

"A spade?" Mom laughed lightly. "Why on earth would you want that? It's not a gang thing, is it?"

"No! It's kind of a cultural thing," Heather giggled. "Everyone who sees it will know he's black owned."

"He is that!" Mom smiled down at me. "I guess a tattoo would be okay. As long as it's just a small one."

"Oh yeah" my girlfriend smiled. "It doesn't have to be very big and it'll look so cute. Most of the other boys have one."

"Oh," my mom nodded. "That'll be nice then."

"Thanks," Heather smiled brightly as Mom left the kitchen. "Now..." she breathed, " ... lets do this thing."

This thing turned out to be Heather fucking my face. After a good half hour of teasing her cock with my lips and tongue, she was ready to cum! I jerked her off with both hands, keeping my mouth on her dick and finally getting the girl to cum after three or four minutes of serious cock sucking!

"Ahhh yeah! Fuck! Ummmm..." Heather groaned, arching her back and lifting her ass out of the chair.

Her thick, salty semen flooded my mouth quickly and I swallowed as fast as I could, enjoying the flavor a lot and even the texture wasn't so bad anymore. I was getting used to swallowing man cum and it didn't seem so slimy as it did the first time Stacy made me eat her sperm. I kinda liked the way it slid down my throat and warmed my tummy and I'd gotten better at keeping up with the girl too. Heather came a lot, and quickly, but only a little escaped my tight lips. I managed to keep most of it in my mouth as I swallowed hard and fast, and someday, I thought, I'd be able to drink down a full load of hot, ball juice and not spill a drop!

That would be pretty cool.

"I want a black spade right here," Heather said, pressing a fingertip against the soft, white skin about an inch above and to the right of my flaccid penis.

"Yeah?" the man grinned at her, showing off his gold capped front teeth.

The tattoo guy was big and black, with a face like a gorilla and ink all over his massive biceps. He kind of scared me a little and this tattoo parlor was in the bad part of town. I hadn't seen another white face anywhere, just black guys mostly, pimps and gangbangers like I'd only seen in movies before. The women we passed were all whores, that was obvious, and most of them were ugly, but some of them looked okay except for all the weird, mismatched clothes and too much makeup. Some of them had whistled at me and I'd sort of clung to my girlfriend as she'd led me down the street.

"Your boyfriend like the dark meat?" the man asked with a chuckle. "He looks like a fag anyway."

"He is," Heather giggled. "A total cockslut, but only for black dick, so..."

"Nigger bait, huh?" he asked me and I blanched at the word, feeling the blood drain from my face even as the rest of my body burned with humiliation.

"How much for the tattoo?" Heather asked him, ignoring my discomfort completely.

"I do it for free," he shrugged. "Give me a piece of the bitch when it's done."

"Yeah?" Heather smiled at that. "Deal. Just make it look good."

"Shit!" the guy grinned at her. "I know my bidness."

"Bidness?" she rolled her eyes. "You think that makes you sound more black?"

"Don't it?" he laughed. "Sit down over there. You ain't gotta hold his hand."

I wasn't too sure about any of this and I still couldn't believe my mom had agreed to letting me get a tattoo! The idea didn't excite me a whole lot, I'll tell you that much. I mean, yeah, I wanted to see Heather happy, but I'd be stuck with that spade thing for the rest of my life! It seemed like the sort of decision I should have had a day or two to think about, you know? But Heather hadn't even asked me! And saying no to the girl, well ... I couldn't do that!

"Don't you start getting a hard-on for me, faggot," the man warned me. "That tiny pricklette of yours starts spittin' in my face and I'm liable to tattoo 'cock bitch' on your forehead, got me?"

"Y-Yes sir," I breathed.

"Heh!" he leaned over me, his ugly black face just inches from mine and I could smell the ripe stench of his maleness. "Kiss for luck."

"Huhhhmmmph!" I went stiff as a board when he covered my mouth with his and the man's thick tongue penetrated my lips and found mine.

"Hey!" Heather said, sounding like she might have been frowning, but I couldn't tell.

The man fucked my mouth with his tongue while his huge black hand grabbed my cock and balls, giving me a squeeze so that my butt came off the padded chair. My heart was pounding and my body shivered with a rush of heat. I could taste his sour breath and feel the saliva spilling from his mouth into mine as my tongue fluttered beneath his. I kissed him back, without even thinking about it. My hands went to his body, to his muscular chest as if I wanted to push the man off me, but I didn't. I just accepted his tongue with a low moan until he pulled away with a deep throated chuckle.

"Fuck yeah," he said, smiling down at me as I swallowed hard and blinked rapidly. "This pussy was born for black dick."

"Just hurry up," Heather sighed, glancing at her watch and then frowning at me. "You're such a slut, Mattie."

"Sorry," I whispered, biting my bottom lip and that made her smile.

"Its okay," she giggled. "I like it."

"So does he," the tattoo guy slapped my stiff little dick playfully and I blushed beneath his knowing smile.

The tattoo didn't really hurt too much, but it did sting! I didn't watch while he did it either, I just turned my head and looked at the wall mostly, or at Heather as she watched the man work. I tried to think about something else, like how hot my girlfriend was and how lucky I was to have her. Heather looked strangely out of place sitting there in her cheerleader uniform, with her stormy eyes and soft brown hair, her light skin too. She was a black girl, obviously, but compared to the tattoo guy, she looked about as white as me. Almost. And beautiful. God! Heather seemed to be a little more beautiful every time I looked at her and when she smiled at me...

"All done," the man said, wiping at my new tattoo with a cloth and some alcohol or something. It burned anyway and I winced, hissing between my teeth.

"It looks good," Heather decided and I looked down, seeing sort of a splotchy black spade about as big as the pad of a grown man's thumb.

"Look better once it heals," the guy told us. "Just keep it clean. Don't be pickin' at the scab. Let it heal all by itself."

"Alright," I nodded, watching as he covered it with a Band-Aid.

"Let it breathe now and then too," he told me, peeling off his latex gloves. "Don't have to keep it covered all the time neither ... Now, roll over, bitch. Hands and knees time."

"Uhhh..." I blinked at him.

"Time to pay, Mattie!" Heather giggled and looked at the man. "You have to wear a rubber."

"Shit!" he frowned at her, but my girlfriend looked serious.

"No glove, no love."

"Yeah," he nodded. "I don't know where your bitch's been anyway!"

"Turn over, faggot," Heather told me while the guy retrieved a condom out of a drawer, digging through pens, rubber bands, matchbooks, and a bunch of other junk.

"Okay, um..." I made a little face, blushing again as I got on my knees, balancing on the chair.

It was a large one, as you can imagine, more like a dentist's chair than anything else, and kind of roomy considering how small I was. I'd pretty much been half-laying down while getting my tattoo, with the back of the chair lowered almost horizontal, and that made it easy too. I got on my knees and elbows, with the skirt of my blue mini-dress pulled up around my hips and my panties were already long gone, of course, removed for my tattoo and hidden safely away in my purse.

"Ughm!" I winced, dropping my head and arching my back as the man found my asshole with his prick.

"Ah, you tight fuck! Relax, pussy! Let your Uncle Jimbo inside, baby!" he breathed, slapping my ass with one large black hand while the other dug into my hip.

"J-Jimbo?" I gasped, wincing as his bulbous cockhead stretched my sphincter slowly around it.

"Hmmm..." Heather smiled, sitting in her chair with one long, left leg draped over the armrest. "Shove that black dick up his ass, Jimbo!"

"I'm trying!" he chuckled. "You a virgin, slut?"

"Noooo..." I breathed, letting out the breath I'd been holding and then I felt that wonderful, distinct POP as the man's cockhead sank into my rectum with my anus snapping closed behind the crown.

"Ohhh ... Shit!" Jimbo sighed, holding my hips with both hands and not moving at all. "This boy's got a sweet pussy!"

"So fuck him," Heather said somewhat impatiently. "We haven't got all night."

"Heh!" he snorted at that. "What are you talkin' about? This white boy's fuckin' me!"

I was fucking him! I couldn't help it, the man's cock felt too good inside my boy cunt not to move my ass against him. I pushed myself backwards, grunting softly and rolling my hips like I was screwing my rectum onto his huge, black prick. I took an inch and rocked forward, then back again, taking two inches and gasping with pleasure. I fucked Jimbo like a slut while he stood behind me, straddling the chair with his legs spread, squeezing my hips with his powerful hands to urge me on.

"Uhm! Uhm! Uhm!" I breathed a minute later, driving the air out of my lungs as I thrust myself back harder and faster.

I had every inch of the man inside my fag pussy and my round, white ass found his black pelvis and thighs with a dull smacking sound. My hard little dick swung lewdly between my legs, drooling precum all over my thighs and the chair beneath me. Jimbo's heavy balls slapped my hairless sack over and over while we fucked. He'd started pulling me back, helping me ride his fat cock, and pushing with his hips to drive the head of his prick into my prostate. My asshole was stretched tightly around him, the tender walls of my rectum burning with the effort of taking a man's fuck pole deep into my body.

And Heather watched us, playing with her own hard, black cock while we fucked. That was the best part, it seemed to me, and I tried to keep my eyes open and on her face. I enjoyed being watched by my girlfriend while I took a black man's dick in my sissy hole. I wished she'd come closer and make me suck her off while Jimbo fucked my ass, but Heather was content to spread her legs and pull her panties to the side, and stroke her beautiful, black dick slowly. I thought she knew what a tease that was for me and as much as I begged her with my eyes, the girl just smiled.

"Love that cock, boy? Yeah! Pussy! Fuck that dick! Shit! I'm gonna cum, bitch!"

Jimbo hadn't fucked me very long, only a few minutes it seemed like, and then he started cumming. He slammed his hard prick one last time into my bowels and I could feel his cock jerking against the tight walls of my ass, but I couldn't feel his semen and I found it a little frustrating as I rolled my ass and gave him a nice, hard grind while he came. It still felt good, but I'd learned to enjoy the sensation of having my asshole creamed by a big, strong man and I decided right then that I didn't care a whole lot for condoms! I liked getting messy during sex, otherwise ... what was the point?

"Was it good?" Heather teased him with a giggle and Jimbo just laughed as he regained his breath, leaving his cock inside me for the moment.

"Fuck yeah," he agreed. "This bitch fucks sweet! You ever done any time, boy?"

"Time?" I blinked at him over my shoulder, catching my breath as well.

"Prison," he said. "You don't fuck like a punk, you fuck like a bitch."

"Uhhh ... No," I shook my head, giggling nervously. "Are you, um ... Kyle's uncle?"

"Ha!" he grinned and started pulling his cock out of my ass slowly, leaving me feel unhappily empty inside.

"Of course he is," Heather laughed. "That's why I brought you here."

"Cause you knew I'd ink that boy for free!" the man chuckled, slapping my bare butt with his cock, the rubber sorta sticking to my flushed skin.

"I had a hunch," Heather agreed happily. "You did all the other fags for free, so..."

"Yeah," he nodded, peeling the condom off his prick. "I love that white pussy too damn much."

"Come on," Heather told me with a jerk of her head. "Let's get going. Pull your dress down, you look like a slut."

"I feel like a slut," I said with a shy giggle.

"And don't forget your free bubblegum," Jimbo said with a grin, pushing his cum-filled condom into my mouth as I sat up slowly. "Thanks for the fuck, pussy. Come back anytime!"

"Are you hungry?" Heather asked me as we drove out of downtown.

"Yeah," I said around the condom I was chewing like bubblegum. Heather hadn't let me spit it out and I didn't really mind. I liked the salty flavor, although most of it was gone.

"Me too," she nodded. "It's pizza night at the club."

"Pizza night?" I smiled at her.

"Once in awhile we order a bunch of pizzas," she told me. "From every pizza place in town."

"Oh," I gave her a curious look. "Why not just order from one place?"

"Because a blowjob isn't worth ten pizzas!" she said with a laugh.

"Uhhh ... Okay," I giggled, having no idea what that meant.

"See, we have this theory that pizza should be free," Heather told me. "Like air and sunshine and..."

"Pizza!" I grinned at her. "Yeah, that makes sense."

"Yeah!" She grinned back. "But the problem is that most pizza places want money."

"That sucks!" I laughed.

"Noooo..." Heather stuck her tongue out at me. "You suck! All you faggots pay for the pizza. See?"

"Uhhh ... Oh!"

"Don't worry," she shrugged. "The pizza guys know what's going on, or they figure it out pretty quick anyway. Some of them can be kinda slow."

"Yeah," I nodded. "That's probably why they got the job in the first place, huh?"

"Probably!" Heather giggled.

Being the newest boyfriend, I got to go first and less than an hour later I was waiting for the knock at the door.

The idea of blowing a delivery boy for a free pizza didn't bother me so much, although I'd been warned that most of them were white guys with little dicks. No, the only thing I wasn't so sure about was the party going on around me. Besides the seven cheerleaders and the six other boyfriends, it seemed like half the school had shown up at the clubhouse! There were a couple kegs tapped and the music was loud, the Black Eyed Peas singing about humps at the moment, and kids smoking weed and cigarettes and playing Xbox on the big screen television, and making out, some of them, and ... It was a freakin' party and Heather had promised me that they'd be ordering pizzas all night long!

Every time a pizza guy showed up, one of us boyfriends would have to be right there, making excuses about not having any money and offering to suck down a big load of delivery boy cum for that one little favor. As soon as he was gone, someone would be calling the place and ordering another pizza, bringing that same boy around thirty minutes later. We'd have pizzas coming every five or ten minutes all night long ... That's a lot of pizza! A lot of sucking too, considering there were just the seven of us. At least we were dressed, the rule about being naked in the clubhouse had been relaxed because of the party. But still...

"Nervous?" Kyle asked me, tossing some dark hair out of his dark eyes and he looked seriously sexy.

"A little," I admitted, glancing around the one huge room above Wendy's garage. There was a bathroom up there too, and a little kitchen as well, but mostly it was just one large room and packed with people right then.

"They do this sometimes," the boy shrugged, meaning our girlfriends. "They like to embarrass us in front of their friends."

"I noticed," I sighed, catching sight of Heather as she was talking with a big white guy named Stu something or other.

He was a college guy, a couple years older than most of the kids up there, but we hadn't really been introduced or anything yet. Stu was handsome too, like in a manly way, not a pretty, faggy way, and Heather laughed when he leaned close, whispering something in her ear. He touched her too, like had his hand on her hip and she didn't seem to mind that very much. It sorta made my stomach churn, seeing her having fun with a white guy like that.

"Sup, bitches?" Nate Lawler smiled at us and he was a short black guy with a nice smile. A junior at school, like me, and probably sixteen. He had kind of a baby face.

"Hmmm..." Kyle gave him a petulant smile and I wished I knew how to do that. He sort of pouted, you know? Looking sexy and amused, but maybe just a little offended too, like now Nate had to make it up to him with a kiss.

"You're queer as hell, huh?" Nate pursed his own thick, black lips and looked Kyle up and down.

My friend wore a pair of leather hipsters, rust colored and loose around his narrow hips. They fell down far enough to expose Kyle's soft tummy and show off the pink panties he wore beneath. Especially since he had his thumbs hooked in the pockets, pulling the pants down even farther and when Nate looked down he could see inside the front, since Kyle was so slender and everything. For a top, he wore a pink t-shirt with 'Got Milk?' printed across his flat chest in baby blue letters. He looked seriously cute that way and Kyle had put on some pink lip gloss as well, making him look like a total sissy fag.

"Wouldn't you like to know!" Kyle giggled like a girl, dropping his eyes to the bulge in Nate's pants.

"I think he likes you," I whispered loudly into Kyle's ear, giving Nate a little smile of my own.

"You wanna lick my pussy?" Kyle asked the boy and Nate narrowed his eyes.

"Like to fuck your pussy ass," he said, grabbing his crotch and squeezing it.

"Uh-uh," Kyle sighed, looking almost sadly at him. "You gotta go down on me first."

"Shit!" Nate made a face at that idea. "I don't go down on no faggot dick!"

"Too bad," I shook my head slowly. "We were both gonna do you."

"Yeah," Kyle giggled. "Mattie and me like to share."

"Everything," I agreed.

"But if you don't wanna love us back..." Kyle looked at me.

"We'll just have to find someone else," I sighed.

"You cockteasing bitches..." Nate muttered with an unhappy smile.

"Bye!" Kyle giggled again, giving him a little finger wave.

"Bye bye, Nate!" I pursed my lips, blowing him a little kiss with my red lips.

Nate walked off, squeezing between people as there wasn't really a whole lot of room up there. We were sort of in the corner, but even so a couple guys were close enough that they'd heard the whole thing. A couple girls too and they were talking about us, naturally, but we didn't care. The whole school knew I was a fag for sure, since I was still wearing the same tight dress I'd worn to school that morning. I'd made my face up pretty again, brushed my hair and spread some scented baby lotion over my skin. I looked pretty hot, I knew that, and Kyle and I looked good together. A couple little white faggots on the hunt for big black cock.

"Too bad," Kyle said. "He was kinda cute."

"Yeah," I agreed. "What would you have done if he'd said yes though?"

"If he'd go down on me?" Kyle asked with a grin. "I dunno. I'd have been in trouble then!"

"No kidding!" I giggled and stuck out my tongue at him.

Neither Kyle's girlfriend, Wendy, nor mine would have been too happy seeing us take off with a black guy for some serious dick action! We'd have been in serious trouble and we probably shouldn't have teased Nate the way we had, because if he'd said yes ... Well, I don't think either of us were the kind of sissies to say no to a hard, black cock!

"Yo! Who ordered the pizza?" A tall, skinny white guy yelled and I didn't think he'd even knocked, since the door had probably been wide open anyway.

"Mattie!" Heather shouted over the music, waving her arm at me. "Pizza guy's here!"

"Ohhhh!" Kyle giggled, giving me a little push. "You're up!"

"Yeah," I sighed, pushing through the crowded room. "You're next though."

"Jimmy's next," Kyle told me. "I'm after him."

"Same thing," I grinned over my shoulder and then I forced myself to smile. "Hi!"

"Hey," the Pizza guy didn't really smile back.

He was from Pizza hut and dressed in red mostly, with a padded pizza warmer thing balanced on one hand and holding a receipt in the other.

"Large pan meat lovers? That's 12.95, please," he said loudly, looking kind of annoyed by the party going on behind me.

"Oh ... Um..." I nodded and slipped my purse off my shoulder, opening it up with nervous fingers. "I, uh ... I must have forgot my money at home, um..."

"What?" the guy narrowed his eyes, leaning down a little because he was like six and half feet tall or something.

"I said I don't have any money," I repeated.

"So borrow some," he snorted impatiently and I thought he was being kind of a dick!

"Uhhh..." I glanced around me and realized a lot of people were watching. Heather and the other cheerleaders, the other boyfriends too, and a lot of other kids besides!

"I got other deliveries," the guy said. "If you don't want it..."

"I want it!" I told him quickly. "How about if, um ... I could, uhhh ... You know..."

I took a deep breath, feeling my heart pounding as the blood rushed to my face. I was supposed to tell this guy I'd suck his dick for a pizza? He looked like he was ready to punch me! I wanted to run away, actually, and just sorta hide! I felt really embarrassed and having everyone staring at me didn't help at all either! The pizza guy knew I was a boy, he had to, and of course so did everyone else and that was the big joke! The free entertainment, to see a boy suck off a guy for a pizza. It seemed awfully shameful all of a sudden and I felt like I wanted to puke, I was so nervous and frightened.

"You could what?" the man asked slowly, watching as I stepped a little closer, forcing myself to press my hand against his crotch with a hard swallow.

"Um..." I blinked and let out a ragged breath with the words, " ... suck it for you?"

"You wanna suck my dick?" he stared at me and I nodded, dropping my eyes and feeling my face getting hot as the sun.

"I'll, um ... Yeah," I cleared my throat. "I'll suck it for you."

"Let her suck it, dude!" someone said loudly.

"Blowjob!" a girl shouted.

"Get on your knees, bitch!" someone else prompted me and the place became very confusing as everyone started getting into it.

"You're a girl?" the pizza guy wondered and I nodded quickly.

"Uh, yeah," I told him. "I'm a girl."

"Cool! I thought you were a fag!" he laughed and relaxed then. "Sure. What the fuck. You wanna suck it here?"

"Yeah," I whispered, glad that the guy believed me. I seriously thought he was ready to punch me in the face for a second there.

"Have a beer, man!" A boy pushed a plastic cup into the pizza guy's hand while someone else claimed his pizza warmer, tearing the Velcro open.

"I need that back!" he said, but mostly the guy was watching me as I knelt on the floor and unzipped his pants, reaching inside for his prick.

"Hurry up, Mattie!" Paula giggled. "Thirty minutes or the next one's free!"

"Woo-hoo! Go for it, Mattie!" someone yelled and actually a lot of people were yelling all kinds of stuff as I pulled the guy's semi-hard penis out of his pants.

"Suck it!" and "Blowjob!" and "Cocksucker!" were all chanted at one time or another. Sometimes at the same time as some fifty or sixty half-drunk teenagers crowded around me, jostling each other for a better view as I took the man's prick inside my mouth.

"Yeah, baby!" the pizza guy laughed, getting into it as he swallowed his beer, putting a hand on the back of my head and pulling me into his crotch.

He wasn't really huge or anything, but average maybe and that was big enough for me. Like six inches of hard, white cock sliding in and out of my mouth while I jerked him off with my hand. I just wanted to get it over with as fast as I could. I felt pretty embarrassed, even though nobody really seemed to be teasing me in a bad way. Everyone just laughed and a few guys were telling me how sexy I looked with a mouthful of cock. And the guy was hamming it up, like I said, posing and making like he was fucking my face.

"Get a cup!" someone yelled. Stacy, I thought, but I couldn't be sure and I didn't know what she meant.

"You have to cum in the cup!" Veronica said, pushing close and pulling her boyfriend, Dave, behind her.

"Don't let him cum in your mouth, Mattie!" Heather warned me about the time someone took a picture.

There were a bunch of flashes then, like strobe lights going off as it seemed like everyone had some sort of camera with them. Phones mostly, I thought, but I was busy anyway, bobbing my head up and down on the guy's dick, squeezing the shaft with one hand and massaging his hairy balls with the other. I washed his cockhead with my tongue and tickled beneath it, swallowing spit and precum and trying to get him off quickly. I did everything except stick my finger up his butt and I probably would have tried that, if he hadn't been wearing pants.

"Oh! Fuck!" The guy gave me like a half-second's warning before he blew a jet of thin, salty cum inside my mouth.

"In the cup, asshole!" Stacy said and Dave pushed the plastic beer cup next to my cheek as I pulled off the man's shooting prick.

"Spit it out, Mattie!" Heather told me.

"Point his dick into the cup!" someone else yelled, but I was already doing that, jerking him off with my fist and spitting a mouthful of semen out.

I was red-faced and panting, licking my sperm glazed lips and burping from the air I'd swallowed while sucking the man off. He came a lot too, but not as much as I might have expected. There might have been three or four large spoonfuls of ball juice settling into the bottom of the cup by the time he'd finished. I took him into my mouth again, at Veronica's insistence, sucking his cock like it was a straw and then spitting what little semen I'd managed to get into the cup.

"Man! That was an awesome blowjob!" the guy told me, smiling and putting away his dick as I knelt there, wiping my smeared lips on the back of my hand.

"Give her a kiss!" someone yelled and everyone soon joined in.

"Kiss her!"... "Kiss her!"..."Kiss her!" they chanted eagerly, lifting their beer high and laughing, goading the pizza guy into kissing me as I stood up slowly.

"Uhhh..." he smiled sheepishly and kissed me on the mouth, even slipped me his tongue, but not too much. He was probably thinking about how I'd been sucking his dick and had some kind of phobia.

Flash

Someone took a picture, naturally, probably a lot of people did and Heather giggled, pulling me away from the guy.

"He kissed a fag!" someone yelled and of course, that was the punchline.

"You wanna do her now?" Heather asked the confused pizza guy, pulling up the front of my dress before I could stop her and exposing my soft, pink cock and smallish balls.

"What?" The guy turned white as a ghost when he saw I wasn't a real girl and realized he was the butt of a huge joke. "Oh! Fuck you!"

He turned around, kind of stumbling out the open door and ignoring all the laughter and the odd taunt about kissing a fag and all that. Someone threw his pizza warmer thing after him, telling him he'd need it because we were gonna be ordering pizzas all night long!

"The hell was that?" a skinny Chinese looking guy in a Dominos Pizza hat wondered and I guessed he'd been coming up the stairs as the Pizza Hut guy had been running down them. "Who ordered the large Hawaiian with black olives?" he wondered, looking around at the party and smiling.

"Right here!" Karen yelled, pushing Jimmy through the crowd and everybody got strangely quiet, grinning at each other because this was the game now.

"Uh, right ... That's, uh... 11.99 for the pizza," the young man nodded, kind of glancing around and he knew something was up, but he didn't know what, so he smiled a lot. And Karen was seriously hot anyway, like all those black cheerleaders were, and she made a face as she opened her purse.

"Oh, shoot!" she rolled her eyes. "I forgot to ask Daddy for some money!"

"Ahhh..." the Dominos guy smiled some more.

"How about if, um..." Karen licked her lips, " ... You want a blowjob for it?"

"Uh, a blowjob?" His oriental eyes almost got round and he looked her up and down. He seemed kind of nervous, but Karen looked pretty amazing and a little hungry too as she eyed his crotch.

"Yeah," she breathed and I could barely hear her above the music. "You want your dick sucked?"

"Sure!" the Chinese guy nodded eagerly, looking like he'd just won the lottery. It was obvious what he was thinking too ... Some hot, black, high school cheerleader was gonna bob his knob in front of God and everybody!

"Awesome!" Karen giggled, snatching the pizza out of his hands. "Give me this and you get on your knees, faggot ... Hurry up!"

"Wha..." the Domino's guy blinked, but Jimmy was already on the carpet, unzipping the man's pants while everyone started cheering him on the way they had for me.

"My fag boyfriend is gonna do it!" Karen said, scrunching up her nose with a soft laugh. "Hey! Did you bring any of that red pepper stuff?"

"What? Wait ... But, I thought ... Ohhh!" he sort of gasped as Jimmy found his cock, pulling it into his mouth before the guy could stop him. It was kind of funny actually, because that Chinese guy looked seriously confused!

And nobody would mistake Jimmy for anything but a boy, of course. At least me and Kyle looked pretty girlish, enough so a guy could think we were a couple tomboys or something. The rest of our friends though, they were all good looking, no doubt about that, but very boyish too. Jimmy, being just a fifteen-year-old sophomore, was kind of cute and he had pretty green eyes and barely there freckles to go with his short auburn hair. He was small too, about my size, and he loved sucking cock! Jesus! That boy put a serious lip-lock on that Chinese guy and he had a nice prick too.

Most people think oriental guys are all small in the dick department, just like they think all black guys must be huge. None of that's true though, as much as I wish it was, the Dominos guy had a nice seven inches of pale penis and it stiffened quickly beneath Jimmy's expert attentions! The boy wrapped his arms around the delivery guy, grabbed his ass in his little hands, and with the crowd chanting happily to "Suck that dick!" the man started pumping Jimmy's fag mouth like it was a cunt!

I thought it was pretty cool and someone handed me a beer, which tasted pretty good, even though I don't really like the stuff. But that pizza guy I'd sucked had some seriously salty semen and I was thirsty! Hungry too! I grabbed a slice of that Hawaiian pizza before it was all gone and watched as Jimmy blew the guy off to pay for it. Five minutes was all it took, probably not even that long, and Jimmy jerked him off into the same cup the Pizza Hut guy had cum in.

"Hey Mattie!" someone yelled about four hours later and I was kind of drunk, tired, and really feeling worn out!

"Huh?" I looked up from the pillow I was sitting on with Kyle, Josh, and David near me. I hadn't seen Heather in a couple hours and all our girlfriends seemed to be too busy having fun to worry about us.

"Your boyfriend's back!" a pretty black girl named Missy giggled and I rolled my eyes, but I had to get up. Everyone was yelling for me and while I might have been tired, the party was still going full blast!

"They ordered another one?" I asked, kind of smiling and frowning all at once as the Pizza Hut guy stood there holding another pizza.

"Down on your knees, homo," he said with a chuckle and I just nodded. This was his fourth trip and the fourth blowjob I'd have to give him. The last one had lasted about fifteen minutes before he came inside the cup, which was well over half full by then.

The Chinese guy had come back twice more, getting another suck job from Jimmy and one from Josh. Kyle had gotten a white guy delivering for Paradise Pizza and he'd been back twice as well, getting another suck from Kyle and one from me. A black guy with a short, but really fat dick had come from Yellow Cab three times, getting Kevin, Brad, and Dave. There were other guys as well, and all seven of us had given at least five or six blowjobs each. I think I gave the most though, or maybe me and Kyle were tied at six apiece. Those guys seemed to like us better, even though after the first hummer they knew we were really boys.

The Pizza Hut guy liked me, although he was seriously trying to pretend like he didn't! I could tell though. When he came back the second time, he could have just taken money for the pizza, but he'd wanted another blowjob from me. He tried to act like it was some sort of punishment, you know, calling me names and stuff, really fucking my mouth hard while he held my head with both hands. That kind of thing. The third time he'd been more relaxed, letting me do him at my own pace and I thought he'd liked it better that way. I know I did. Now he was back, smiling as I opened his pants and removed his by now very familiar dick.

People still watched us, of course, but after that many blowjobs, the thrill kind of went away for a lot of the kids. That and they were busy trying to hook up with each other, just because it was a party and high school kids are like that. Girls came to meet boys and boys came to fuck girls, so ... The crowd was a little quieter this time around and I just concentrated on working his cock with my mouth and hands, knowing he'd last a long time before giving his fourth nut to the cup!

"Yeah, hmmm ... That's nice," he told me, leaning against the wall and stroking my hair as I slid my lips along the shaft, up and down in time with my hand. "I like it when you do that tongue thing ... Uhhh ... Like that ... Yeah..."

"Ummph!" I gave him sort of a smile as I curled my tongue and tickled the spot where the two halves of his glans came upward together and met at the bottom. He had a really pronounced ridge and I sort of enjoyed the shape, the smooth texture, and even the flavor. He must have taken a piss recently, I thought, because he seemed just a little more tangy than I remembered.

"You're name's Mattie, right?" he asked and I just shrugged, not wanting to stop what I was doing. "You, um ... Do you have like a boyfriend or anything?"

"Hmmph?" I widened my eyes and he cleared his throat, although he'd been speaking pretty softly anyway, not wanting anyone to hear him probably.

"I mean, uh ... I was wondering if I could like, have your phone number or ... something?"

"Mmmm..." I kinda hummed around his cock and gave his hairy balls a squeeze.

"Ohhh ... Not too hard, uh..." he made a face and then smiled, " ... I know you're a fag and everything, but ... Do you wanna go out with me sometime?"

"Nuhhh humph..." I shook my head.

"No?" he frowned and I almost giggled because he suddenly looked like a little boy.

He wasn't a bad looking guy, don't get me wrong. I figured he was like twenty-years-old maybe and probably went to college or the vo-tech. He was really tall too, with neat brown hair and clear skin, nice brown eyes and clean teeth ... But he was white. I just didn't want to hook up with a white guy, even if I could, which I couldn't because Heather would kill me!

"Ummm!" I pulled my mouth of his dick and rubbed it against my face as I looked up at him. "I got a girlfriend already. She's kinda jealous, so..."

"You have a girlfriend?" he asked as I went back to sucking his dick, bobbing my head a little faster because this was taking too long and my tongue was already tired.

"Mmm-hmmph!" I agreed.

"But ... You're a fag!" he almost laughed. "What's up with that?"

I just shrugged because there wasn't really any good way to explain it.

"Okay, whatever," he sorta sighed. "But, um ... I work every night except Tuesday and Wednesday, okay? So if you wanna hook up or..." he grinned at me, " ... you want a free pizza, just call. Okay?"

"Oomph oomph!" I agreed, thinking maybe a free pizza every now and then wouldn't be so bad.

As long as Heather never found out!
Chapter 10 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 10
Chapter 9 Mail Bottom
Chapter 10
Posted: 9/22/2009, 1:08:53 AM

"I can't believe you did that!" Kyle giggled, sitting on my bed in a pair of baby blue panties and nothing else.

"Don't move so much!" I frowned at the sixteen-year-old boy as I tried to paint his toenails pink.

"That cup was full too!" Dave laughed from the foot of my bed where he sat next to Josh. "Look at that!"

"What did it taste like, Mattie?" Josh wondered.

They were looking through the photo-album from Friday night's Pizza Party. Kevin had put it together and Dave had swiped it out of the Clubhouse. Our girlfriends had a lot of photo-albums, as I'd soon discovered, and this was only the newest one. It had a lot of typical drunk, teenage party photos of kids making stupid faces, but it also had a lot of pictures you wouldn't expect to see. Like seven boys giving blowjobs to an assortment of pizza delivery guys.

I'd given eight blowjobs Friday night, to four different men, and that turned out to be more than anyone else. I was kind of proud of it, actually, but four of those hummers had been with one guy, the one from Pizza Hut, and he sorta had a crush on me now. He wasn't queer at all though and I think he just really loved the way I sucked his dick, but anyway ... Since I'd given the most blowjobs and won the little contest, which had been news to me! I'd been the lucky fag who got to drink the cup all those guys had filled with their cum!

"Yeah, Mattie..." Kyle grinned at me beneath his brand new, peroxide blonde hair, " ... What was it like?"

"Hmmm..." I shrugged. "Kinda like salty glue."

"What?" Dave laughed and so did I, but it was true.

"It was gross," I said truthfully. "Probably if it was like hot or whatever? Yeah, it would have been okay ... But mostly it was kinda cold."

"A big cup of cold sperm!" Josh snorted. "I'm glad they didn't make me drink that stuff."

"I woulda puked," Dave agreed.

"It looked good though," Kyle said and I rolled my eyes at him. "I mean, like how you could tell one guy's cum from another one's."

"Yeah," I nodded. "That was sorta weird."

The cup had been one of the big, 16oz, plastic kind and clear, so we could see the semen inside it. That cup had been almost full too, so it held like fourteen ounces of jism or something, and the stuff was sorta grayish more than white, and it got like stratified or whatever. You know, like there were layers of semen from different guys ... Until Heather had stirred it all up for me. Then it just looked like a big glass of glue, salty glue as I closed my eyes and forced myself to drink it in front of some sixty kids from school.

"You oughta be a model," Josh decided and I giggled at that. "No! Seriously. You look good in all your pictures."

He held up the album so I could see myself smiling at the camera and holding the empty cup. I did look kinda cute, even with a big blob of semen running down my chin. I thought Kyle was more photogenic than me though, he really liked to play it up for the camera, and now that he was blonde ... That boy was a serious little heartbreaker. Wendy wanted him to look like me, as if we could pretend we were sisters or something, but my hair was more golden and Kyle's had been bleached almost platinum.

"Kyle oughta be a model," I sighed, stroking his pinky toenail with the brush carefully.

"He looks really different with blonde hair," Dave decided with a look at Josh. "Doesn't he?"

"Kyle's fuckin' hot!" Josh laughed, but we all knew the seventeen-year-old senior had a thing for Kyle anyway.

"Well ... Yeah!" Dave chuckled. "So's Mattie. They're making my dick hard."

"Dude!" Josh snorted. "My dick's been hard! Feel it!"

"Heh!" Dave grinned as he pressed his hand against Josh's crotch, rubbing the boy's erection through his jeans. "You got a serious boner!"

"I told ya," Josh sighed. "You wanna jerk me off?"

"Jerk me off too?" Dave wondered.

"Yeah," Josh agreed and I shared a look with Kyle as the two boys unzipped their pants and started jerking each other off while they looked at us.

"You guys are gonna get in trouble," I warned them, holding Kyle's small foot in front of my face and blowing over his toes.

"How are they gonna find out?" Dave asked me, sliding his hand up and down Josh's swollen prick.

"I'm not gonna tell!" I promised him, giving the seventeen-year-old junior my innocent blue eyes.

"I have a boner too," Kyle whispered, flashing me that pouting smile of his and stroking my thigh with his right hand as I sat indian style.

"Don't start!" I warned him.

"We could do that sixty-nine thing again," he giggled. "Come on! I know you liked it!"

"Awww ... You guys can't suck each other!" Josh frowned.

"Why not?" Kyle asked, teasing the other boy. "Mattie's got a pretty cock! I like it."

"Cause you made our dicks hard!" Dave said, as if that had anything to do with anything.

"Uhhh ... So?" I grinned at him and licked the bottom of Kyle's foot just to hear him giggle like a twelve year old girl.

"So ... You owe us," Josh said. "Come on, Kyle ... Suck my dick for me."

"Mattie..." Dave smiled at me. "Please?"

"You guys are bad!" I sighed, shaking my head and giggling as I looked at Kyle. "Should we?"

"I don't know," Kyle said airily. "What have they done for us lately?"

"Hmmm..." I nodded. "Good point."

"You fags!" Josh frowned.

"Cock teasing fags," Dave agreed.

"We only tease white boys!" Kyle giggled as I pushed him down on my bed, unfolding my legs and deciding I wanted to taste his bubblegum nipples.

"I love your tits," I breathed, feeling my smallish prick throbbing in my simple white panties.

"Kiss them for me," the boy urged me, spreading his soft legs around my hips as I lay on top of him.

"You guys suck!" Josh complained, still jerking off Dave while they watched me lick around Kyle's left nipple.

"Yeah!" Kyle laughed again. "We do!"

"Mmmm..." I moaned as I closed my lips over the soft nub of flesh, pinching Kyle's nipple between my lips and sucking on it.

"Uh-huh!" he gasped softly arching his back and cradling my head.

I drew as much of Kyle's tit into my mouth as I could, which wasn't very much at all because the boy was flat as a board, but it was still fun. I liked biting him too, like using my teeth to chew his nipple until it got hard and pointy, swelling with excitement as it went from pink to dark red. Kyle squirmed beneath me while I did that, lifting his butt off the bed and pushing his erect penis against mine with only our thin panties between us. We'd grind sometimes, which was really nice, just pressing our cocks and balls together and rolling our hips.

"Fuck this," Dave decided. "I'm gonna fuck him."

"Which one?" Josh wondered.

"I don't care," he chuckled and Josh grinned as I looked at the two boys over my shoulder.

"Then I want Kyle," he said, pulling his t-shirt over his head quickly with his skinny white dick bobbing up and down.

"Cool," Dave nodded. "I'll do Mattie."

Both Dave and Josh were real boys. I mean, they were fags too, yeah, but they didn't want to dress girly and paint their toes or anything like that. Dave was pretty though, with his long brown hair parted in the middle and feathered from his cute face. He had green eyes, like Jimmy, but a shade darker maybe and a nice, smooth body like a swimmer. Really toned, you know? Not much of a cock, but what could you expect from a white boy? Only like six inches maybe and of course he was shaved smooth. He had a little black spade inside his right thigh, up near his balls. All of us boyfriends had a spade tattoo, because we were all black owned.

Josh was cute too, but definitely masculine with a strong face and piercing blue eyes. His black hair was short and thick, kind of curly too, which was nice. He wasn't really a large boy, none of us were, but he had a nice, firm body and a lot of girls at school liked him. Josh had been Wendy's boyfriend for over a year though and I knew he liked her a lot, maybe even loved her. It had been kind of hard when she'd traded him to Paula for Kyle, but all those girls shared their boyfriends, so it wasn't a huge deal anyway.

"Come here..." Dave said, pulling me off Kyle and I'd seen him coming, heard every word the boy had said, so I wasn't surprised. I kinda liked it a lot.

"Dave!" I giggled. "Stop!"

"Hey!" Kyle frowned, playing hard to get as Josh move between the boy's still spread legs. Both the guys were naked now and Dave was working hard to get my panties down.

"Shhh ... I know you want it!" Josh whispered, grabbing Kyle's thin wrists and pushing the smaller boy's hands above his head.

"Ummm..." I sighed into Dave's mouth as he kissed me, still turning me so that we could lay side-by-side on my bed next to Josh and Kyle.

Neither of them were big, as I said, not like a lot of high school guys who played football or whatever, but they were still bigger than me and Kyle! We weren't putting up much of a fight anyway and I played with Dave's tongue, feeling his hard dick rubbing my tummy while he pushed my panties down my kicking legs. I was helping him, not hurting him. My own small penis sprang loose like a Jack-in-the-box and Dave immediately started massaging my cock and balls, playing with me while we made out.

I hadn't realized how horny he was ... me too, for that matter! We teased each other all the time, but not like this. Except for the one morning when Wendy and Heather had put Kyle and me in a 69 together, I hadn't really fooled around with any of my friends. Kissing Dave was nice though, I had to admit that, and I really liked it when I moved up a little, enough so he could pull my cock against his, wrapping his hand around both of us, and jerking us off together.

"Ah ... Ummm ... Hmmm..." Kyle sighed next to me and then giggled. "Is it in yet?"

"Shut-up!" Kyle laughed. "You're tight!"

"Yeah," Kyle agreed, smiling happily as he tightened his legs around the other boy's waist and started fucking his ass around Josh's hard dick.

"Let me put it inside," Dave whispered and I nodded as he pushed my shoulders. "On your side ... Like that ... I wanna fuck you this way..."

He had me laying on my right side, facing Kyle and Josh with my back to Dave. He slipped his arm under my left leg, pulling it high and exposing my asshole for his straining cock. I giggled as his cockhead found my balls at first and Dave worked his dick around my scrotum, teasing me with it until I reached down myself, pushing his hand away and wrapping my fingers around his dick.

"Tab A..." I breathed, " ... goes inside slot ... Uh! ... B ... Ummm ... Fuck me now!"

"Oh yeah, Mattie," Dave agreed and he started drilling my sissy cunt with his dick, thrusting into me with short, quick strokes until I had him balls deep in my clasping rectum.

I giggled at Kyle as he turned his head to smile at me. He had his legs over Josh's shoulders by then as the older boy fucked his ass with a soft slapping sound. It was pretty fun having sex next to someone else and my bed was creaking like crazy, the headboard banging against the wall without any rhythm at all. I shifted a little, sorta leaning towards Kyle just so I could kiss him while the two boys fucked us and it was hard to do as our bodies were jerked back and forth.

Dave reached between my legs to find my stiff cock as it slapped my tummy in time with his thrusts. He gave me a squeeze and sort of stroked my dick. That felt pretty good and I really started grinding my ass against him then. We fucked like that for awhile, then Josh decided he wanted to do Kyle on his hands and knees, you know, doggy style. That made Dave want to do me like that too and pretty soon Kyle and I were kneeling next to each other on the edge of the bed, shoulder to shoulder and hip to hip with Dave and Josh behind us. They could stand on the floor and so it was really easy for them.

"Man! I love fucking Kyle's ass!" Josh grinned at Dave, holding Kyle's narrow hips and driving his cock into the boy's rectum.

"Mattie's tight as hell inside!" Dave said with a smile of his own. "Like his ass is sucking my dick!"

Kyle and I just ignored them and made out mostly, playing our tongues across each other's lips and sometimes Frenching, but not really. The guys were really nailing our boy pussies hard! Like they'd never fucked a fag before or something and that thought made me giggle because maybe they hadn't, I wasn't sure. Kyle and me could have been fucking a couple virgin dicks and I thought that would be pretty cool. It felt good too! Just because Dave's cock wasn't even close to being as long and fat as Heather's beautiful, black prick! If she fucked me that hard, I wouldn't have sat down for a week afterward! But Dave's dick wasn't very thick at all and it just felt amazingly good for me.

"You gonna cum, Josh?" Dave wondered after a couple minutes of riding my ass like a dog.

"Pretty soon," Josh breathed. "Why?"

"Let's switch," Dave suggested with a grin and I rolled my eyes while Kyle just giggled.

"What are you guys talking about?" I asked impatiently, wagging my ass and pushing myself back against Dave's prick. He'd sorta slowed down, probably because he didn't want to cum yet.

"Relax!" he chuckled, pulling his cock out of my ass. "Josh wants to fuck you for awhile."

"Hey!" Kyle lifted his head, pouting over his shoulder as Josh pulled his dick out of the boy's butt. "Jerk! What are you doing?"

"Musical asses!" Josh laughed, stepping up behind me and stretching my already very relaxed anus around his swollen dick.

"Ohhhh fuck, Kyle!" Dave groaned as he slid his cock into the hole recently filled by his friend. "You're tight as hell too!"

"Duh!" Kyle snorted, dropping his head down. "I take care of my pussy."

"What?" I gasped, making a face as Josh barely nudged my prostate and I didn't think he was long enough for that! It felt amazing though and my whole body shivered.

"Isometrics," Kyle told me, kind of hiccupping the word.

"Isawho?" Josh wondered.

"Exercises ... Ummm ... Oh!" Kyle gasped and giggled as Dave must have found something sensitive in his butt too.

We never did get to figure out what Kyle was talking about, we were too busy getting seriously fucked. The play stuff was over and I especially liked it when Josh reached under me to grab my flat chest, squeezing my nipples and pulling me up so he could kiss my neck and then my mouth as I turned my head. He was standing, I was kneeling, and his cock was buried in my tight little ass while I sucked his tongue. Josh pinched my nipples, making me wince and moan, but I liked it a lot in spite of the pain. Or maybe I liked the pain part the most, I couldn't decide. I didn't want him to stop though, I knew that much!

Kyle just kept his face on the bed with his ass high in the air, grabbing fistfuls of sheet while he fucked Dave's dick. They really went at it hard, unlike Josh and me, but we were all enjoying it. Josh pumped my asshole slowly, holding my back against his smooth chest as I sorta slid myself up and down, meeting his deliberate thrusts. That felt awesome for me, a nice lazy, almost romantic fuck while I swallowed his spit and shared the boy's hot breath. Next to us, Kyle gasped loudly, grunting every time Dave would throw his cock into the boy's sissy rectum. They made a lot of noise and shook the bed, even rattled the mirror on my dresser and I hoped my mom wasn't getting mad!

"I'm gonna cum ... Oh fuck, Kyle! You cunt!" Dave arched his back as his cock let loose with a hot load of boy cum into Kyle's bowels.

"Ahhh ... Yessss..." Kyle hissed, smiling and nodding his head with his eyes shut tight and I knew what that was like. Sometimes it just felt incredibly good having a guy shoot off in your ass, you know? There's no other feeling like it in the world and seeing Kyle get what he wanted made me impatient for my own reward.

"Fuck me hard, okay?" I asked Josh, licking my lips as he smiled at me.

"You want me to cum inside you?" he asked and I giggled.

"Yeah!" I said, making it sound like the dumb question it was. "Just ... Hard, okay? Really hard ... And deep too! I wanna really feel it."

"Bite your pillow, fag!" Josh told me with a grin, pushing my shoulders down and he was gonna do me just like Dave had done Kyle.

"Bite my what? Oh!" I blinked as Josh slammed his dick inside my asshole, literally shoving my face and shoulders into the mattress so hard I bounced back up!

"Ugh! Huh!" he groaned, grinning and almost laughing at the look on my face. It had kinda sorta hurt!

"Jeeze, Josh!" Dave laughed. "You're gonna break the bed, dude."

"He wants it ... Ugh! Hard!" Josh grunted loudly, ramming his cock inside me again, but this time I was ready and it just felt good.

"Too bad you got such a little dick!" Kyle giggled, curled up close to Dave as she licked his penis like a kitten, cleaning it slowly while they watched Josh fuck me.

"Bigger than yours," Dave said as he rubbed Kyle's cock and balls with his palm. He had his middle finger up the boy's cummy asshole, fingering fucking the sissy like he had a real cunt.

"But mine's pretty!" Kyle retorted just before he swallowed half of Dave's prick easily between his tight lips.

If they had anything more to say on the subject, I didn't hear it. I was too busy getting my butt reamed by Josh's dick! He warmed me up good too! The sensation of his cock fucking into my bowels made me quiver helplessly as the bigger boy pinned my shoulders to the bed, leaning over my upraised ass and panting with the effort. We both got hot and sweaty, more than we already were, I mean, and he really didn't last very long anyway. Like two minutes of serious fucking was it, but we'd had a lot of foreplay too. Sorta.

"Here it comes!" Josh told us, not slowing down at all as I felt his cock spasm against the taut, tender walls of my rectum.

He had a lot of cum too! Nice and hot, extra creamy as it flooded my bowels. I moaned softly, just enjoying the soothing sensation and wishing he'd stop bouncing the bed so much! I wanted Josh to just sort of hold me, you know? Give me a chance to relax and savor the sweet sensation of hot cum in my butt, maybe kiss him a little and just feel his sticky body against mine. I wanted to cum too and my dick throbbed for a touch, begged for a squeeze, but I couldn't even reach it as Josh kept his weight on my slender shoulders until he was satisfied that he'd dumped as much ball juice inside me as he could.

"Oh fuck!" he gasped, pulling his cock out of me and kinda just ... falling off me to lay on his back.

"That's it?" I breathed, feeling pretty weak myself just then.

"Huh?" Josh gave me a grin, all red faced and happy now that he'd fucked a big load inside my ass.

"Never mind," I sighed, rolling onto my side to face him and stretched out with my hand on his chest and my hard cock rubbing his thigh.

"Boys!" Kyle rolled his eyes and giggled and I stuck my tongue out at him.

"I don't mind a little noise," Mom told us all during dinner. "But your father's coming home tomorrow, Mattie, and he'll need some peace and quiet around here."

It was Sunday night, as I might not have mentioned, and after our little almost an orgy that afternoon, Mom had called us downstairs for an early dinner. We didn't even have time for showers or anything and I knew she could smell the sex on us. And what was even worse, Kyle and I hadn't even cum! We had Josh and Dave's sperm leaking into our panties as we squirmed in our chairs, and I don't know about Kyle, but my dick was so hard it hurt! I'd sorta been planning on making one of those two boys go down on me, you know?

"Sorry, Mom," I said, smiling sheepishly, and all three of my friends murmured their sincere apologies as well.

"Is that one of your new dresses, Mattie?" Mom wondered, changing the subject as she looked at Kyle. He looked pretty sweet in a lavender sundress, really modest and cute with small white flowers and a white sash thing around his skinny waist. It looked great with his new hair.

"Uh-huh," I nodded with a smile. "It looks good on him, don't it?"

"He's very pretty," Mom agreed, smiling at the boy and Kyle blushed shyly.

"Thank you," he said. "It fits me okay, right?"

"Oh yeah!" Josh said, taking the excuse to check Kyle out with obvious lust. Half an hour after drilling my butt, he wanted some more. Boys!

"It looks fine," Mom nodded. "I wouldn't even know you were a boy."

"Really?" Kyle giggled and blushed some more behind his platinum hair. "Wendy's gonna take me to the mall after school tomorrow."

"That'll be cool," I said. "Get your ears pierced."

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "I wanna get my belly button pierced too."

"Ouch!" Dave made a face.

"I heard it doesn't hurt that bad," I offered, but Josh was shaking his head.

"I heard it hurts a lot," he told us.

"I don't care," Kyle shrugged. "Just so it looks cool ... Oh!"

"What?" Dave wondered as Kyle excused himself from the table.

"I gotta take my pill," he told us, disappearing into the living room where the boys had left their jackets and stuff.

"What pill?" Josh wondered and I shrugged.

"Sorry," Kyle gave my mom an apologetic smile as he returned with a round pill dispenser thing.

"Are those birth control pills?" Mom asked and the boy nodded.

"Yeah," he said, popping one of the little pink pills out. It looked like a heart sorta. "Wendy told me I have to take two everyday. One in the morning and one at dinner time."

"Why?" Josh asked with a grin. "It's not like you're gonna get pregnant!"

"Hormones!" Kyle giggled, pausing to swallow the pill with a gulp of milk. "They're full of female hormones or something. Wendy said they'll make my tits bigger..." he glanced at my mom, " ... I mean, my breasts. Sorry."

"It's okay," Mom smiled. "I know what tits are."

"You want one, Mattie?" Kyle asked and I shook my head.

"Nah," I told him. "I wanna look like a tomboy kinda."

"Even tomboys have tits!" Dave laughed and then reddened and glanced at my mom. "I mean..."

"What about fat, puffy nipples?" Kyle asked me with a giggle. "Those would be cool, right?"

"Yeah," I shrugged. "Maybe, um..."

"They'll definitely make you more sensitive," Mom said. "I'm not sure how well birth control pills work, but maybe we should look into real hormone treatment."

"Hormone treatment?" I gave my mom a doubtful look. "I kinda like being a boy though. I don't want my dick to get even smaller, Mom."

"Well, that's why you need to see a doctor," she replied, ignoring the amused looks on my friend's faces. Everybody kind of walks on pins and needles in front of a mother they don't know very well, even an exceptionally cool one like mine. I think she was sorta freaking them out.

"That's what I want to do," Kyle agreed. "See a real doctor and get real pills and stuff."

"You're gonna be a girl?" Josh asked, almost frowning at the boy.

"Not totally," Kyle shrugged. "Just sorta ... mostly!"

"You're gonna be hot!" Dave grinned at him and Kyle stuck his tongue out.

"Big nipples would be cool," I decided. "Like sensitive ones or whatever."

"You should check into it," Kyle told me with a nod of his head. "It doesn't hurt to find out."

"Yeah," Mom agreed, smiling at me. "It would be nice if you actually had a reason to wear that new training bra I bought for you."

"Training bra!" Dave laughed and Josh gave him an elbow. "Ugh ... I mean, sorry ... Just..."

"Shut-up!" I laughed at him. "And stop thinking about my underwear!"

"And what do your parents think about your, uh ... plans, Kyle?" Mom asked him. "I guess they know you're gay?"

"Oh yeah," my friend nodded, "My dad's a sissy transvestite, so they're pretty okay with it."

"A sissy transvestite?" Mom blinked at him, probably not expecting to hear a sixteen year old say that at her dinner table!

"Yeah," Kyle said with a self-conscious smile. "You know, he's kind of a slut for this black guy he was in prison with, and..."

"Prison?" Mom narrowed her eyes and I figured Id better jump in before my mom decided I needed some different friends!

"Kyle's mom got pregnant when she was ten," I explained quickly. "But it's okay cause they're married now."

"I see," Mom nodded, kind of sarcastically, I thought, so I figured I'd better say something else.

"His dad's boyfriend gave me my tattoo," I told her. "He was really nice, Mom. He did it for free and everything!"

"Oh," Mom nodded some more.

"Uncle Jimbo's pretty awesome," Josh agreed. "We all like him a lot."

"Except he looks kinda like a gorilla," Dave shrugged.

"Hey!" Kyle frowned at him.

"What? He does," Dave said. "I'm not saying he looks like a gorilla cause he's black."

"If he was white he'd look like a white gorilla," Josh nodded and I figured I'd stay out of it.

"I'm gonna tell him you said that," Kyle pouted. "He doesn't even look like a gorilla!"

But Jimbo kinda did, I thought.

"Do you all boys have tattoos?" Mom asked, clearly wanting to change the subject.

"Oh yeah!" Dave smiled at her. "We all get a spade when we join the club."

"Club?" Mom hadn't heard about that either.

"That's just what we call it," I told her. "You know, the girls like Heather and all their boyfriends."

"Oh!" Mom smiled. "So you guys have girlfriends too?"

"Uhhh ... Like Heather, Mom," I said. "There's seven of them."

"Transsexuals," Kyle added, just in case my mom didn't get it.

"Black too," Josh nodded.

"And they're all cheerleaders," Dave said with a grin. "Like really hot!"

"I thought it was just Heather and that other girl," Mom said. "Um ... Stacy?"

"Yeah," I agreed. "Stacy. Wendy is Kyle's girlfriend, she's really nice. And Josh belongs to Paula now..."

"They traded us," Kyle giggled. "Me and Josh."

"Traded you?" Mom smiled at the boy. "I don't understand."

"Well, Heather traded Kevin for me," I said. "With Stacy, you know, but Paula was going to trade first, I think, and then Wendy said she'd trade Josh, so..."

"Okay, okay..." Mom sighed with a shake of her head. "So these girls just trade their boyfriends whenever they feel like it?"

"Uhhh..." I shrugged.

"Not really," Dave said. "Mostly they just swap for like a day or two and, you know, if one of them wants one of us..."

"We aren't going to say no!" Kyle giggled.

"Hmmmm..." Mom nodded, but she didn't seem to understand everything we were saying. How could she when I didn't even understand it?

"It sounds weird, but it's okay," I assured her. "All the girls are really nice and all of us get along good..."

"All us boyfriends," Josh agreed. "We're kinda like a family."

"That's why we call it a club," Kyle said, looking around and we were all nodding.

"Well, I guess you boys do get along," Mom laughed lightly. "They probably heard the four of you getting along on the other side of town!"

"Oh!" I made a face. "That was just, um ... fooling around."

"Yeah," Kyle scrunched up his nose. "White cocks don't really do it for me."

"Kyle!" Dave made a face, glancing at my mom.

"Oh!" Kyle blushed. "I mean, um ... white guys. I like black guys, I mean. Sorry."

"You like black cocks," Mom said, getting wide eyes out of my friends with that observation. "I understand. Mattie already told me how much he loves a hard, black penis."

"Mom!" I blushed, just because hearing my mom say penis seemed really weird. It kind of embarrassed me.

"What?" Mom rolled her eyes and laughed. "I'm just saying, I understand how white boys like you and your friends could find black cocks attractive. I think it's healthy. I'm very proud of you, Mattie."

"Uhhh ... Okay," I said, blushing beneath my friends' smiles, but it was still really freakin' weird.

"Of course, I'd like to see you settle down with a nice black man someday," Mom continued. "One who really knows how to treat pretty white boys like you, but I know you're still learning about yourself, and..."

"You mean you don't like my girlfriend?" I asked her, feeling somewhat confused.

"I didn't say that, Mattie." Mom made a face. "I just think a sissy like you needs a firm, guiding hand. Having a girlfriend like Heather is fine for high school, but later..."

"Maybe," I shrugged, but I didn't really believe her. I liked Heather a lot. I liked all those girls, much more than I'd liked any of the black boys I'd met! I knew I was only dreaming, but I really sorta hoped I'd be with Heather forever, you know? I mean, I'd marry her if I could!

I wondered what Mom would think of that idea?

"Your Mom's so cool," Dave whispered in my ear, making me shrug my shoulder because it tickled.

"Stop it! I'm busy here!" I said with some annoyance, but I wanted to finish washing the dishes. Kyle was drying them and Dave should have been helping Josh put everything away.

"Can't help it," he chuckled, sort of trapping me against the sink with my hands in the soapy water. We had a dishwasher, but as long as there were four of us, I figured...

"Hey!" I wiggled my butt as I felt his boner pressing between my butt cheeks. We were still dressed, of course, but my skirt and panties were pretty thin and Dave's dick was pretty hard!

"You're totally hot, Mattie," he breathed, kissing my ear as one of his hands went around my tummy and slid up to my skinny halter to rub my flat chest.

"Put your dick away! God!" I turned my head to stare at him. "My mom could come in here any second!"

"I know!" he grinned, using his other hand to lift my skirt and tug my panties to the side.

"Dave!" I wiggled some more and then saw Josh fucking Kyle as the smaller boy braced himself against the breakfast bar. "Josh! Are you guys crazy?"

"Spread your legs," Dave urged me, moving his hips to push his dick between my butt cheeks, looking for my cum dripping asshole.

"Ow! Ugh! Ummm..." I winced a little, but it didn't really hurt or anything when Dave's cockhead found my greasy sphincter and he pushed through it easily, slipping three or four inches of hard dick inside my boy pussy all at once.

"Uh-huh! Uh-huh! Uh-huh!" was all Kyle could say, sort of grunting softly over and over as Josh held his hips and fucked him. I'd wondered why the dishes had been piling up.

"Oh man!" Dave groaned. "This is like fucking a real pussy!"

"When did you ever ... Ugh!" I gasped as he bent his knees and pushed hard, getting all of his dick inside me suddenly. " ... fuck a pussy?"

"I fucked a girl once," he said defensively, breathing the words as he slid his cock in and out of my butt.

"Ummm..." I sighed, bending a little lower over the sink to give him a better angle, sort of arching my back and pushing my ass against him.

"But I like this better," he said, squeezing my hips and pulling me onto his dick in time with his thrusts. "Your ass feels so ... Ugh! Good!"

"Ohhhh ... Yeah..." I nodded, forgetting about my mom for a second as the boy's cock went a little deeper, fucking into my sperm filled rectum and Josh had really filled me up good! Now Dave was churning all that boy cum into a nice, warm buttery sensation and I imagined that's how it might have felt to have a real pussy. My ass was tight and hot and wet, clasping Dave's prick eagerly as I squeezed my butt muscles around him.

"Fuck! I'm gonna cum already," he half-moaned, slapping his pelvis against my ass a little faster as his orgasm approached.

"Mattie? Heather's here ... Oh!" Mom's voice made me jerk as my heart suddenly lurched into my throat.

"Well, well..." My girlfriend smiled, tossing her brown hair as she looked around the kitchen. "What's cooking in here?"

"A faggot orgy?" Wendy wondered. "And we weren't invited?"

"I'll, um ... be in your father's den, Mattie," Mom said, excusing herself quickly. I don't think she was really mad or embarrassed or anything, she just didn't want to embarrass me. But it was kinda too late.

Dave had just sort of frozen with his cock halfway up my butt. Josh had jumped a foot in the air and stood there looking guilty with his pink penis poking out of his pants. Kyle didn't move at all, but stayed bent over the countertop with his lavender dress bunched up around his hips and his panties down around his knees.

"Put your little pee-pee away," Wendy said, slapping Josh's dick. "Fucking my new boyfriend?"

"Uh, we just sorta, um..." the boy stammered, pushing his dick inside his pants as his face reddened. He'd been Wendy's boyfriend for a long time and so they shared a little more than any of us could really appreciate. He looked pretty unhappy.

"You two fags better go home," Heather decided, meaning Josh and Dave, who'd finally pulled out of my ass and started putting his own softening dick away.

"Not you, slut!" Wendy told Kyle, putting her hand between the boy's shoulders and pushing him back down. "My cock's been hard all day and here you are fucking sissy dick!"

"I'm sorry," Kyle whispered. "We were just having fun."

"I know," Wendy laughed lightly, rubbing Kyle's smooth, round ass. "But now we're going to have some different fun."

"This is what I was looking for!" Heather giggled, finding a metal spatula as she looked through the kitchen drawers. She held it up and stared at Josh and Dave. "Are you two still here?"

"N-No!" Josh said, blinking and then pushing Dave out of the kitchen.

It would have been kind of funny, except for Heather and Wendy looking sort of unhappy that they'd caught us fucking two white boys. Never mind that Josh and Dave were our best friends, we both knew we weren't supposed to be fooling around behind our girlfriends' backs. I mean, that's just common sense, right?

They looked gorgeous too! God! All those girls always looked hot anyway, but Heather and Wendy ... Yeah. Even sorta dressed down like they were, the two black transsexuals were completely amazing. Wendy wore a pair of silver shorts, those really tight nylon kind, that grabbed her ass, thighs, and hips like she'd been born in them. They weren't exactly modest either, riding high and showing off her butt cheeks in the back and especially the very large bulge of her cock in the front! She had a black t-shirt on top, showing off her proud tits, and a pair of black, open toed heels on her feet.

Heather wore a pair of old, faded jeans. They were tight as well, at least around her thighs and butt, they were like bell bottoms around her feet and loose around her waist. She had a lump in her pants too, but her cock wasn't quite so obvious as Wendy's. She had a t-shirt, a pink one with Faerie Barbie on it, and a pair of pink Skechers. Heather looked like a really cute high school girl, maybe even a college girl, since she was eighteen already, and I thought she was just amazing ... except for the spatula.

"So, Mattie..." Heather asked me, reaching between my legs to grab my small, pink balls in her black fist, " ... How do you like your eggs? Fried or scrambled?"

"Gulp!" I swallowed hard, a shiver running up my spine as she gave my scrotum a gentle squeeze and tug. "I'm sorry! We were just teasing them and..."

"Shhh..." Heather shushed me. "I know you were just playing around, but ... I'm still going to spank your balls."

"Is that ... Uh! ... cum in your pussy?" Wendy asked Kyle, having pushed her shorts down and stuffed the head of her fat cock inside the boy's asshole without much warning at all.

SLAP! She spanked Kyle's butt hard.

"Answer me, slut! Is that butter or ball juice I'm fucking?" the girl demanded, shoving seven inches of black dick up her boyfriend's ass so hard, Kyle's feet came off the floor.

"Owww ... Ah ... Cum!" he gasped, kicking his legs and stretching his arms across the breakfast bar, spilling the sugar bowl with a ceramic clatter.

"That's what I thought," Wendy giggled. "It feels good."

"You're wet too," Heather said, clucking her tongue as she continued to massage my balls. "How many times did you let them fuck you?"

"Just once ... Uh ... twice, but..." I frowned and blushed and tried to keep the tremor out of my voice, " ... Josh only came inside me once."

"And then Dave wanted to cum too?" she laughed and looked at Wendy. "Well, we wanted a couple sluts, didn't we?"

"Yeah!" Wendy replied with a grunt, getting a sharp yelp out of Kyle as her cock stretched his asshole a lot more than either of our two friends had. "You get what you ... Ugh! ... ask for!"

"I've been so looking forward to this," Heather sighed and then slapped my balls with the spatula hard!

SMWAP! I jerked against the counter I still leaned against, my hands slipping off the edge of the sink and into the tepid water with a splash. It didn't hurt immediately, that was the weird part, it took a second before the sensation of having my testicles spanked caught up with my brain, but by then ... SMWAP! Heather slapped them again! SMWAP! And again! SMWAP!

You get the idea and it reminded me of the time my cousin Gina had kicked me in the balls, except not quite that bad. A dozen little kicks that made my gut ache like I wanted to puke and a strange, electrical sensation hit me low with a dull tingling, deep down between my legs. It hurt, yeah, but not terribly. Heather didn't go crazy and beat my balls, she just sorta ... spanked them, holding them flat in her open palm and bringing the cold metal down over and over.

"Ummm ... Ohhh ... Ow!" I gasped and groaned, kind of whimpered and my eyes grew wet, but I wasn't really crying.

"Hmmm ... That's enough, I think," Heather said after only a dozen or so slaps with the spatula.

She dropped it into the water and rolled my tender balls around in her hand. That felt both good and bad, like a painful pleasure as my balls felt super sensitive by then. Heather was being gentle though, not trying to hurt me at all, but just make me uncomfortable. I thought she wanted to frighten me more than anything else, but my balls were definitely throbbing! They felt too big for my scrotum or something, and I imagined they'd turned pretty red too.

"That was just a little spanking," Heather told me. "Next time, I'll give you a real one. Understand?"

"Yeah ... Yessss..." I hissed, going to my tip-toes as she gave my nuts a real squeeze.

"Good!" she giggled, relaxing her grip and sliding her hand to my penis. "You liked it too, huh? Little slut!"

"Yeah," I whispered, feeling my face burn with humiliation as the girl found my hard dick, wet with precum and aching for release.

Near us, Wendy was still fucking Kyle, pulling her cock completely out of his gaping anus and shoving it back inside him easily. She'd gather some spit every now and again, letting it drip from her tongue onto his asshole and then pushing it into his butt with her dick. Kyle didn't seem to mind as he'd gasp and jerk his hips against her, fucking himself on his girlfriend's black cock eagerly.

"Bring your slut over here," Heather suggested. "Mattie's balls look like they need a kiss."

"Heh!" Wendy grinned at her friend. "Are they still pretty?"

"More than ever!" my girlfriend said with a giggle, pulling me away from the sink. "On the floor, bitch! Keep your ass up!"

"Get behind him, faggot!" Wendy pulled Kyle off the counter, putting the boy on his hands and knees. "Suck his pretty balls, Kyle!"

"And you suck on this, slut!" Heather told me, freeing her hard, black cock and presenting the smooth glans to my flushed face, slapping my cheeks with it until I opened wide for her.

"Mmmph..." I moaned at the pleasant warmth of Kyle's mouth as he took my balls between his lips and started nursing on them gently. His nose pressed against my asshole and I could feel his tongue fluttering around my bruised testes like a butterfly. It felt wonderful and I thanked Heather with the best blowjob I knew how to give.

Wendy had gotten behind her boyfriend as he knelt on the kitchen floor and I could feel Kyle moving behind me as she fucked his ass. Kyle's body would rock forward, his face pressing against my ass while he suckled my scrotum, and then he'd pull back slightly, just enough to pull my ballsack tight. And I just spent all my energy sucking Heather's beautiful prick, loving it with my tongue and kissing along the shaft at first, getting her dick wet with spit before taking as much as I could inside my mouth.

We were all in a line, the two cheerleaders smiling at each other as they fucked their sissy boyfriends. Heather held my head, playing her fingers in my hair, while Wendy held Kyle by the hips and occasionally slapped his ass, telling him to fuck her long, black cock. We were getting it from both ends and Kyle really sucked my balls nice, making me forget all about that little spanking. If I got rewarded like this every time, I thought, I wouldn't care if Heather punished my balls everyday!

They came about the same time, with Wendy really driving her cock inside Kyle hard, and Heather bruising my lips as she fucked my mouth. She held my head tight, pushing with her hips, making me gag once in awhile and gasp for air as the spit and precum spilled out around the dark shaft of her prick. And when she finally blew her cum onto my tongue, I swallowed quickly in a vain effort to keep up with her. Heather's semen was rich and thick, salty and sweet, and I drank every drop she'd gave me.

My own faggot clit was hard as a rock too, drooling precum onto my mom's kitchen floor, and I really wished Heather would tell Kyle to finish me off! But maybe that was part of the punishment too, leaving both of us hot and horny, with throbbing sissy dicks and no relief. It sure seemed like it at the time, believe me, and swallowing Heather's thick, salty cum only left me hungry for an orgasm of my own!
Chapter 11 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 11
Chapter 10 Mail Bottom
Chapter 11
Posted: 9/23/2009, 2:27:22 AM

"Mattie?"

"Yeah, Mom!" I yelled, kicking off my shoes as I entered the house through the front door.

I'd had a pretty good day of school, even for a Monday, and that had surprised me! I'd been really nervous about what the other kids would say and how they'd treat me after the party on Friday. My friends told me not to worry about it and so did the cheerleaders, our black girlfriends, but that was easy for them to say! They were the most popular girls in school and nobody really knew they were sort of boys, at least in the pussy department ... meaning they didn't have any pussies! All our girlfriends had big, black dicks!

Like I say though, nobody at school seemed to know the girls' secret, at least not that I could tell. The other kids definitely knew about their boyfriends though! We were all pretty queer, but some of us more than others. I mean, Kyle was a total fag and I suppose I was too, since we wore dresses to school and flirted shamelessly with every guy who so much as smiled at us. That was a lot of guys too, because we were seriously cute! But the other boys, they were only sort of gay. Like they were hot for their transsexual girlfriends, naturally, and hot for Kyle and me as well, but generally they were pretty picky when it came to other guys.

Or they tried to be. I don't think any of them could really say no to a hard, black dick! And of course, if one of the cheerleaders told us to do something, like suck off a bunch of pizza guys in front of half the school, for example, we did it ... No questions asked! Exactly why that was, I couldn't tell you. In fact, I'm not sure any of us understood how or why those chicks with dicks controlled us so easily. But they did, and that was a fact!

Fortunately, none of the other kids seemed to really mind so much that I'd sucked off four different men a total of eight times for free pizza. They didn't seem to care that I'd drank a big beer cup full of pizza guy cum in the middle of a high school kegger! They didn't even care that I came to school wearing pink short-shorts, a half-tee with number 69 on the back, and a pair of leather sandals to show off my pretty, pink toenails! Mostly everyone just treated me like I was perfectly normal, even the guys, except they kept trying to get me to fool around with them!

Sometimes I felt like I was dreaming, you know? Because this was still the United States as far as I knew, and people were still people, and nobody likes a fag!

"I'm home!" I called out, dropping my purse on the sofa along with my jacket, a cute, black leather one with a lot of flair.

"We're in the den," Mom called back. "Come in here. Your father's home!"

That made me smile! My dad had suffered a stroke, leaving him mostly paralyzed and unable to speak. That totally sucked, but a secret part of me, the bad part, kinda liked it because now he had a perfectly good reason not to talk to me. Dad used to make excuses before, or my mom did, I should say. Like he was too busy thinking about other, more important stuff, like work or the super bowl, or the price of lawnmowers. Dad was a Marine and I was his faggot son, so ... you know. Except I hadn't been queer until Stacy had fucked me in the butt, but Mom said they'd known about me all along or something.

Sometimes I believed her, but once in awhile..."Oh!"

I blinked at a tall, handsome black man and he offered me a patient smile as I stood in the doorway to the den, which was really my dad's office.

"There you are!" Mom smiled, looking up as she fussed over my dad. "I just wanted to get your father comfortable. Eric, this is my son, Mattie. Didn't I tell you he was cute?"

"Yes, you did ... Hello, Mattie," the man said, looking me up and down with his warm brown eyes. I couldn't tell which he liked more, my smooth, pale legs or my smooth, flat tummy. He made me feel sorta naked actually.

"Uh, hi!" I kind of squeaked, just because he was very handsome, like I said, with dark brown skin and short, kinky hair. Tall too. Did I say that already? He stood well over six feet and broad shouldered, narrow waisted, and I couldn't help but notice the bulging basket of his crotch. Contrary to popular belief, not all black men have huge cocks, but some of them do and Eric was packing something serious between his legs!

"Eric is going to be looking after your father," Mom explained as the man extended his hand. "He's a nurse and the Marines are going to cover the expense, so..."

"I've heard a lot about you," Eric said in his deep, but surprisingly gentle voice. "I didn't know you were going to be so pretty though."

"Um..." I swallowed hard as he gave my fingers a squeeze.

"I told Eric he could use the spare bedroom upstairs," Mom said. "Why don't you show him where it is and help Eric get more, um ... comfortable."

"He's going to be staying with us?" I asked, blinking at my mom.

"Oh no," Eric chuckled. "I have my own place, but..."

"He'll be spending a lot of time here," Mom nodded. "You have school and I have to work, of course, so ... Let's just make Eric feel at home. Okay?"

"Yeah, Mom ... Okay" I shrugged, licking my lips and glancing at him. Eric made me blush and my tummy tingled. "The bedrooms are, um ... upstairs..." I said, clearing my throat, " ... Do you have any, uh, stuff?"

"A few things," he nodded. "Out in the car. It can wait."

"Oh, well ... Let's go this way," I said with a nervous giggle, thinking that sounded pretty dumb. I really didn't know what else to say though and Eric followed me out of the den.

"I think I'm going to like working here a lot," he told me halfway up the stairs and when I turned my head with a smile I realized he was staring at my butt.

"Uh ... yeah," I said, giggling again and then I was worried if I was wiggling my ass too much or not enough and I could barely walk all of a sudden!

"I heard you have a black girlfriend," Eric said and I nodded slowly.

"Uh, yeah. Heather," I agreed, gesturing at the bathroom. "That's the bathroom. My mom and dad's room is at the end of the hall, um ... this one is mine and this one..." I opened the bedroom door, " ... is gonna be yours, I guess."

"I guess so," he said, standing close behind me as we looked inside. "Right next to yours, huh?"

"Yeah," I nodded. "Um ... There's some junk in here, I can get it out later. Just old clothes and stuff."

"That's cool," Eric shrugged. "How's the bed?"

"The bed?" I asked dumbly, glancing at the plain, twin sized bed beneath the windows.

"Is it nice a firm?" he wondered. "I like a firm bed."

"I dunno!" I laughed. "Um ... I guess it is, uh..."

"Let's find out," he said, putting a hand in the small of my back, touching my bare skin with his black fingers and making me shiver.

"Oh!" I stepped inside the room as he sorta pushed me.

"Are you nervous?" Eric asked me, looking down as I stood there. His fingers were moving along my spine. Not very far, but enough, and I nodded.

"A little," I breathed.

"Are you one of those pussy white boys, Mattie?" he whispered, sliding his hand down to my butt.

"Yeah," I answered with a hard swallow.

"You know what I want, right?"

"Ummm..." I blinked and blushed, dropping my eyes as his hand squeezed my ass through my small, pink shorts.

"What does a white pussy like to do, Mattie?"

"I don't know," I said softly, feeling my tummy quiver with butterflies and my heart was going really fast.

"White pussy likes to fuck black dick," he told me. "Do you like to fuck black dick, pussy boy?"

"Yeah," I breathed, feeling both of his hands on my hips, sliding around to my bare tummy and up, under my cut-off t-shirt as he stepped even closer behind me.

I could feel the swell of his trapped cock against my back and his hands went under my shirt and up to my flat chest. He rubbed my tits hard with his palms, pulling me against his hard body. The man wore a forest green sweater and a pair of dark slacks, and the wool felt warm and soft, a little itchy maybe as I pushed myself against him. I kept my head down, staring at my t-shirt as his hands moved beneath it. My small hard nipples ached as he brought them to life and I couldn't breathe.

"Your mom told me all about you, sissy," Eric whispered into my golden hair, pressing his face into it. "She told me you need a real man. Is that what you want?"

"Uh-huh," I nodded, barely getting the words out.

"Tell me," he said. "What do you want?"

"A real ... man," I said softly, feeling my knees weaken with excitement. I could smell him, clean and fresh from a recent shower.

"A black man?" he prompted me.

"Yeah," I nodded letting out the breath I'd been holding.

"Are you a slut for black cock?"

"Yes."

"Yeah," Eric chuckled. "I believe you are, pussy boy. Turn around."

I did as he asked, turning beneath his fingertips as he relaxed his hands, but didn't let me go completely.

"When you come home from school ... Look at me ... When you come home, the first thing you do is come find me and give me a kiss."

"Ummm..." I swallowed hard.

"Like this," he said, taking my left wrist in his hand and pulling my fingers to his crotch. "Grab that ... Feel that dick, pussy."

I pressed my hand against the hard lump in his pants and while I did that, he bent over and held my head as his mouth covered mine. I massaged his prick while Eric's tongue slipped easily between my lips. He kissed me deeply, exploring my mouth as my right hand went to his shoulder and then his neck. I clung to the man as I sucked his tongue and squeezed his cock. I think we kissed for a minute like that, maybe two before he pulled away with a smile.

"Yeah," he nodded. "That's how you say hello from now on."

"Alright," I nodded, red-faced and licking my lips.

"Let's me know you missed me," he explained with a soft laugh. "Now, ask me if you can suck my dick."

"Um..." I swallowed hard and glanced at the open door.

"No," he sighed, shaking his head. "You forget about everything else, faggot. You kiss me, you play with my cock, and you ask me real nice..."

"Can I suck your dick?" I whispered.

"Say please."

"Can I ... please ... uh, suck your dick, Eric?"

"Ohhh..." he grinned at me. "You sound sweet when you ask me like that. Like a little fuckin' girl. You want to suck my dick, pussy?"

"Yes."

"Then let's start from the beginning," he suggested with a smile. "Pretend you just came home from a long, hard day of school. What's the first thing you do?"

"Ummm..." I blinked and felt my whole body burning up, "I find you and, uh ... Kiss you."

"So?" he shrugged. "Do it ... Say hello in that come-fuck-me voice of yours and give me a kiss."

"Uh, hello ... Eric..." I said with a weak giggle, " ... um ... I'm home."

I stepped close and reached for his cock, feeling it even harder than before, larger beneath my fingers as I touched his shoulder and pulled him down for a kiss. He rewarded me with his gentle tongue, once again fucking my mouth with it while my fingers squeezed the distinctive shape of his large, firm cock through his trousers.

"Can I, uh ... Can I suck your dick, Eric? Please?" I asked him breathlessly, looking into his eyes.

"Of course you can!" he replied with a generous smile. "Go ahead, cocksucker ... Get on your knees."

"Ummm ... Can I close the door?" I asked him slowly, and he frowned suddenly, making my heart freeze for just a second.

"No," he sighed. "You just spoiled it. See? Let's try again, from the top..."

"The top?" I almost giggled, but I was too nervous and confused, maybe even frightened. I didn't know what I was feeling, except I wanted to suck his cock.

"Start from the beginning..."

"I'm home?" I said, sort of questioningly and the man nodded. "Hi, Eric ... Uh..."

"Hello, Mattie," he said with a chuckle.

I kissed him again, or let Eric kiss me, I should say. I pressed my body against his with my left hand between us, fondling his prick while I sucked on his tongue for a long minute or two. He let me go and I had to catch my breath, blinking and trying to remember what I was supposed to do next.

"Can I suck your dick, please?" I asked him and Eric half-shrugged.

"Sure, Mattie. Go ahead and take it out," he said with a small chuckle and I almost couldn't move, but I came to my senses a moment later and dropped to my knees in front of him.

I unzipped his pants with trembling fingers, doing my best to ignore the wide open doorway and praying my mom wouldn't catch us. I'd just met this guy! I held my breath as I reached inside, feeling the thin cotton of Eric's boxers and underneath, a very warm and heavy penis. He wasn't hard yet, not completely, but decidedly firm anyway and I fumbled with two small buttons, trying to get the fly of his underwear open.

"Having a hard time down there?" he asked with a grin, looking down at me with his hands on his hips and his legs slightly spread.

"Sorry," I whispered, blushing again and finally getting the last button undone.

I felt his skin soft as velvet beneath my fingers as I wrapped my small hand around Eric's cock, pulling him free of his boxers and pants. My eyes widened at the sight of his monster fuck pole! It was thick, really thick! With a small, bullet shaped head covered with a dark, wrinkled foreskin. His penis seemed to throb in my hands as I wrapped both fists around the shaft, amazed at how hot and heavy the man was. And long? Not even fully erect, Eric's prick had to be six or seven inches in length. I held him with both hands and still an inch or two remained, pointing towards my flushed face as I licked my lips and tried to remember how to breathe.

"Get my balls too, pussy. When you suck my dick, I want you to do it the right way ... the white way," he chuckled. "That means loving my black balls too."

"Y-Yes sir," I nodded, slipping my hand inside to find his hairy scrotum and plum-sized balls.

"Now you've got the idea," he nodded. "Who's your Master, faggot?"

"Uhhh ... You are?" I half-asked, but Eric shook his head slowly.

"No, no..." he sighed, watching me as I pulled his black ballsack free so that his sperm-filled orbs hung out of his trousers. "Who's your Master, pussy?"

"Um..." I shrugged, caressing his balls with my left hand and stroking his stiffening cock with the right.

"That black fag buster in your hands," he told me. "He's your new Master, isn't he?"

"Yeah," I swallowed hard, staring at the man's light, purplish glans as I peeled his foreskin back.

"Master Cock," Eric whispered. "Say it."

"Master cock," I breathed.

"Ask me if you can worship Master Cock."

"Can I, uh ... worship ... Master Cock?" I asked him. "Please?"

"That's how you ask me when you come home from school," Eric decided. "Ask me again, cockbait."

"Can I please worship Master Cock?"

"See? You got it," Eric chuckled. "Put Master Cock away now ... Hurry up. My balls too, faggot. We're going to do it all over again."

"B-But..." I blinked at him with my lips less than an inch away from the man's hardening prick.

"Practice makes perfect," he said with a smile.

I practiced for an hour, feeling teased and tormented and going out of my mind with lust ... The sort of sexual desperation that only a sixteen-year-old sissy can completely understand. By the time Eric was satisfied, I'd have walked on fire just to suck his amazing cock.

"Uh ... I'm home," I called out nervously, even though I'd obviously been home.

"We're in the den, Mattie!" Mom replied with a soft laugh and I swallowed hard, following her voice on wooden legs.

I found them, my mom smiling as she sat close to my paralyzed dad on the sofa, and Eric, standing in the middle of the room waiting for me. I almost chickened out, if only because this seemed so utterly strange, but I had no choice. My face burned, my whole body warmed with shame and guilt, and excitement as well. More than anything else, I felt the excitement as I walked towards the black man who seemed to dominate everything else, even my father, which would have seemed impossible to me a week before.

"Hi, Eric," I breathed, pressing my body against his, reaching between us to find the bulge in his pants. "I'm home."

He kissed me, right in front of my parents. Eric grabbed my small, round butt through my pink short-shorts, squeezing my ass while I slipped my fingers around the back of his neck and parted my moist, red lips for his tongue. I rubbed his prick, finding the outline of his semi-hard member with my fingers while I swallowed his saliva and nursed on his tongue for a long two minutes. I worked my flat tits against his broad, muscular chest, moaning with slutty desire into the man's mouth until he finally let me go.

"May I worship Master Cock, Eric?" I asked him softly, but the house was so completely still that my mom and dad could plainly hear every word.

"Of course you can, Mattie," he agreed with a smile, nodding his head as I went to my knees and began opening his trousers.

"Oh! That's sweet," Mom sighed and I burned a little more, feeling my heart race.

I removed Eric's cock and balls quickly, easily as I'd practiced doing it dozens of times upstairs. I held his thick, black penis with both hands, lifting the heavy slab of man meat out of the way as I pressed my face against his soft scrotum. I drank in the musky odor of his sweaty skin, breathing deep the heady scent of his arousal. My heart seemed ready to burst as I kissed his hairy sack and then licked him, then opened my mouth wide to draw one of Eric's generous balls into my mouth.

"Ohhh ... That's nice, pussy boy," he whispered. "Just like we practiced ... Like that ... Work those balls, sissy ... Show your new Master what a sweet little bitch you are."

I groaned at his words, knowing they were as much for my parents' benefit as mine. My body shivered and I was glad to have my face buried against Eric's crotch. I wouldn't have dared looked at my mom or dad right then. I felt deeply ashamed and humiliated, knowing my father watched helplessly as his only son suckled eagerly on the balls of a powerful black man. It seemed like a terrible betrayal and I cursed myself for being so weak, for being a sissy fag and not the normal teenage boy my dad deserved.

Eric didn't do anything but stand there. He didn't have to do anything. I knew what we both wanted and after washing his balls for five minutes, I finally brought my tongue to his cock, licking upward along the underside and pulling at the velvet skin to expose Eric's sensitive glans. I kissed his cockhead, finding him already moist with clear precum and I washed it away with a swipe of my tongue. I rubbed his prick across my face, playing with it, loving the size and strength, the warm heaviness of the muscle as it strained beneath my fingers.

"Turn a little, Mattie," Mom said. "Your father can't see what you're doing."

"Uhhh..." I blinked at that, almost looking at her, but my guilty conscience ... and Eric's strong black hand ... stopped me.

We did turn though, enough so my parents could see exactly how much I adored the huge black cock in front of me. I took him into my mouth finally, stretching my lips wide around the head and sliding them down the shaft slowly as Eric's cock quickly filled my mouth. I held his dick with one hand, tugging at the thick muscle, while my other hand cradled his loose ballsack, rolling his testicles between my fingers.

"Hmmm ... That's much better!" Mom decided. "Oh look! I think your father's getting excited too!"

I did look, out of the corner of my eye, seeing my mom's hand holding her husband's long, white cock. She was jerking Dad off while he watched me suck a black man's penis! I looked away quickly, closing my eyes and quivering with nervous fear and guilt. I concentrated on sucking Eric's prick, taking a third of him into my mouth and pulling back, up and down, bobbing my head and working my small fist along the shaft.

Spit and precum filled my mouth to overflowing and it escaped my taut lips, spilling down my chin and neck. I swallowed what I could, breathing through my nose, and washing the smooth glans with my tongue, tickling the underside when there was enough room. I managed to open my throat, getting another few inches inside as I forced myself down. Eric's prick seemed designed for fucking my throat, the way the head of his penis was small and rather pointed like a missile, but the shaft widened quickly and as I took the man deep, my delicate muscles were stretched uncomfortably around him.

I did it though, deep throating that huge dick over and over, pulling my mouth off and gasping for air, swallowing hard and then doing it again. It took several minutes and a dozen tries before I was finally able to take every inch of Master Cock, but I did it! My nose pressed into the nest of curling pubic hair above the shaft and Eric's balls rode against my chin. My throat burned as I tried to swallow around him, the soft walls contracting around the man's prick even as my soft muscles ached in protest. I pulled off his cock one last time, breathing hard and feeling dizzy from the lack of air as Eric took my face in his hands, tilting my chin upward.

He pushed his thumb into my panting mouth and gathered a large wad of spit on his tongue, letting it fall onto my tongue. I closed my lips around his thumb, swallowing Eric's saliva and sucking his thumb like a small, black cock while he stroked my long, golden hair. His swollen cock slid across my cheek, leaving a thin trail of precum across my pink skin and all I could do was look up with wet, adoring eyes.

"Mattie ... Your father needs a little help here," Mom told me. "And my arm's getting tired."

"Ummm..." I wasn't sure what she meant at first, but I soon figured it out as Eric pushed me towards my parents.

"We have to do whatever we can to make your father more comfortable, dear," Mom sighed, reaching for my head and pulling me closer. "That's it, Mattie ... Show your father how much you love him. Let him know he's still the man of the house."

"B-But ... Mom ... I'm ... He's..." I stared at my dad's erect penis, as big and hard as any I'd ever seen, even Eric's. It must have been like nine inches long and fat with a smooth, bulbous glans glistening with excitement. He offered us a soft growl, which could have meant anything, and I swallowed nervously at the idea of sucking on the very cock that had made me.

"Shhh..." She pushed me down slowly, but insistently. "Make your father feel good, Mattie. He deserves it."

Mom held his cock with her left hand, guiding it to my mouth as she forced me down. I had no choice. I felt confused and embarrassed and part of me thought the last thing my dad would ever want would be his queer son sucking his dick, but I did it. I opened my mouth and took my own father's cock between my lips.

"That's my good little Princess," Mom sighed. "Such a sweet sissy, taking care of your Daddy like that."

"Mmmph!" I gagged softly as she pushed my head down until Dad's cockhead touched the entrance to my tender throat.

"You'll have to do this for him all the time," Mom told me. "He might be paralyzed, but he's still a man. He still has needs ... Open your throat, Mattie ... All the way ... Ohhh ... Like that!"

I managed to open my throat, except it wasn't really the best angle and my dad's cock was thick! I mean, the head wasn't shaped like Eric's at all. Dad's cockhead was more like a small apple and I choked hard as it forced my throat rudely open and six inches of rock hard Marine suddenly filled my throat. Mom held me there too! She wouldn't let me back up right away, not until I slapped my dad's thighs and felt my burning lungs heaving uselessly for air I couldn't find.

"I'm sorry, Mattie," Mom offered me a small pout as I gasped for air, blinking tear stained eyes at her. "Let's try it again ... I think your father likes it."

About then, Eric decided that he'd had enough watching and I glanced over my shoulder as the man moved behind me. His fingers went to the front of my shorts and started to undo the buttons, while Mom pulled my attention back to Dad's aching prick. I didn't resist. I didn't protest anything, but only let my mom push my head back down into my dad's lap, stretching my bruised lips once more as I started bobbing up and down.

"Bend over a little more," Eric breathed. "Lift your ass for me ... Yeah ... Take these panties down too, hmmm?"

I wriggled my hips, trying to divide my concentration between sucking my dad's cock and Eric's efforts to undress me from the waist down. My shorts were quickly gone and then my pink panties, pulled off my feet as I lifted my knees awkwardly. I groaned when I felt the man's hands between my pale thighs, cupping my balls and hard penis, squeezing me gently while his thumb played with my anus.

"Keep sucking, dear," Mom reminded me with a smile. "You're really making your father happy. It'll be so nice seeing the two of you spend some quality time together for a change!"

"Spread your legs now," Eric told me. "Master Cock wants to fuck your pussy ass."

"Umph!" I stiffened for a second and tried to jerk away as I felt Eric's hard cock forcing itself inside my butt!

"You have to relax, Mattie!" Mom admonished me with a smile. "I told Eric you'd be more than happy to take care of his ... special needs."

"Don't hold your breath, sissy," Eric told me. "Just relax ... Ummm ... Let me inside that hot boy cunt of yours."

"He didn't really want the job at first," Mom continued. "But Eric changed his mind when I told him about you."

"You were right, too," Eric said with a sigh, sliding his long, black dick inside my fuck channel with one hard push. "Mattie is a real sweet little fag ... Ugh! Nice and ... Ugh! Tight and ... Ugh! Hot!"

"Up and down, Mattie," Mom urged me. "Your father needs to cum. He's been stuck in that hospital for a week, the poor man."

"Move your ass, faggot!" SLAP! Eric spanked my butt and Mom giggled. "Fuck your Master!"

"Umph!" I gasped around my dad's dick and gave my hips a small roll, grinding my butt against Eric's trousers. His cock was all the way inside me by then, piercing my tight rectum and buried in my bowels. I could feel the head kissing the sensitive pillow of my prostate and that made me move even more, fucking myself on Eric's black prick while I nursed on the white one in front of me.

"Hmmm..." she sighed happily. "See, Mattie? I told you before, you just need a firm hand ... I'd better get dinner started. Keep sucking your father. Don't stop. I think he's getting close now."

A minute later my dad's cock suddenly erupted with a flood of hot, salty jism! There wasn't any warning or anything. It wasn't like he could tell me he was gonna cum. Dad didn't even breathe hard, he just let loose with a thick jet of semen that caught me completely by surprise. I choked on it, since breathing sperm doesn't work too well. I coughed and gagged and tried to pull my mouth off him, but Eric pushed my face back down even as he slammed his cock deep inside my well-stretched asshole.

"Swallow it, slut," he told me. "Eat your daddy's cum!"

I didn't have a choice! I swallowed hard, forcing the slimy stuff down my sore throat and that actually felt sort of nice. Kind of soothing as it went down. Dad had a big load of ball juice too and even though I swallowed a lot of it, even more had spilled out of my mouth when I'd been coughing. My fingers were covered with semen and I just worked my fist along Dad's cock, massaging the shaft and pumping his prick for every drop he could give me. Once I'd caught my breath and gotten over the surprise, I was okay and I sucked Daddy's dick clean, washing the head with my tongue and swallowing his cum while he growled with approval. Maybe.

Eric was nice enough to let me take care of my dad. He didn't really fuck me hard for a few minutes, but just stroked my back and worked his long dick in and out of my ass slowly. I appreciated that a lot! Especially since it felt amazing! My hard little penis jerked between my thighs everytime Eric's cockhead touched bottom. I shivered and moaned, lapping at the cum on my fingers and then licking the salty glaze off Daddy's cock as it began to soften. Once I had him all cleaned up though...

"Time to fuck, pussy!" Eric warned me and I gasped loudly as he drilled my asshole hard, driving his cock inside me like a piston over and over.

He wanted to cum and he had me on my knees, with my butt high and my knees spread wide. My face rested on my dad's muscular thighs as he sat there watching impassively. The sound of Eric's pelvis meeting my ass filled the room, punctuated with his grunts and my groans. I felt his balls swinging like velvet covered wrecking balls, slapping against my small, pink scrotum relentlessly. His hands held my shoulders tightly, holding me in place, not letting me escape the furious pounding of his thick, black cock inside my clasping rectum.

When he finally came, I did too! Without even touching my penis, the man made me shoot hot, thin ball juice all over my thighs and the carpet beneath me. I barely noticed though because the intense heat of Eric's semen filled my tender asshole completely. I could feel his cock shooting hard, filling me with his manly fuck slop and I tried to push myself back, grinding my butt around his prick even as I tightened my gut and the sore muscles that held Eric's penis in their loving embrace.

"That was a good fuck, pussy!" Eric chuckled breathlessly, smiling with the euphoria that comes after good sex.

"Yeah," I nodded weakly, smiling as well and trying to catch my breath as I just sort of collapsed at my dad's feet.

"Get up, faggot," Eric told me. "You're not finished yet. Wash your cunt off my dick and put it away."

"Yeah..." I nodded. "Yes sir."

I did as he told me, licking the bitter, salty sperm from Eric's cock while he watched me, giving me simple instructions on how he liked to be cleaned up after a hard fuck. He told me to make sure I got my tongue inside his foreskin and it was a little strange at first, pulling the wrinkled brown skin over the head of his dick and trying to wriggle my tongue inside it. Eric's foreskin stretched though, as it had to in order to get over the glans, obviously, and so after a minute or two, I figured out how to get my tongue inside it. Not very far, really, but enough to please Eric.

"Now give your Master a kiss and say thank you for fucking your sissy cunt."

"Thank you, Master Cock..." I breathed, kissing the head of his dick, " ... for fucking my sissy cunt."

"Now put him away," Eric said with a nod of approval. "Yeah. I'm going to like working here a lot, I think."

After dinner Mom went to work, explaining that she needed some hours after taking so much time off. Normally she worked the afternoon-evening shift and got home about nine at night. Now Eric would come over every afternoon at two and stay until about ten, or maybe a little later depending on whether or not my mom needed his help for anything. When she told me that, I understood right away that she meant Eric could stay as long as he wanted ... to be with me!

"Yeah, that's it ... Squeeze that pussy around my dick, faggot!" Eric groaned as he straddled my butt. "You like that? Feel my cock in your tight little ass, baby?"

"Ahhh ... Yeah!" I nodded, biting my bottom lips as the man fucked me hard.

He had me on my tummy, with a folded over pillow under my hips, and Eric made like he was doing push-ups or something. We were both completely naked and his dark, brown skin gleamed with perspiration. I could feel his skin sticking to mine as he pumped my slutty ass with a slow, deliberate rhythm. He took nice, long strokes, letting me feel every inch of his penis as it slid in and out of my tight anus.

"You're my pussy now," he breathed. "Your ass belongs to my cock!"

"Master Cock," I sighed, rocking my hips like I was fucking the pillow with my throbbing little dick.

"That's right, sissy," Eric chuckled. "Master Cock rules your white ass now, bitch!"

"Ah-huh! Fuck me!" I gasped, arching my back as he found my prostate and gave me a slow, delicious grind that made me squeal like a little girl.

"Give me some mouth, baby. Let me have your tongue," Eric demanded, bending his face to mine as I turned my head for his kiss.

He thrust his tongue between my lips, holding his prick deep in my bowels while we made out for several minutes. I sucked his tongue and then his black lips, nibbling and chewing his mouth while Eric did the same to me. His body seemed so much bigger than mine. He probably weighed almost twice as much as I did and I thought the man was probably a foot taller than me. He had real muscles and hard, masculine cock that loved stretching my horny ass around it.

"Hmmmm..." Eric sighed, breathing hard as we broke our kiss. "Your mom told me you were a horny little slut."

"I can't help it," I said, panting the words. "I just wanna fuck all the time."

"Heh!" he chuckled at that and I giggled happily, really enjoying the way his cock moved inside my body.

I could see us on the computer screen, Eric's strong black body covering mine. His ass cheeks flexing with the effort of pushing his cock into my bowels. It wasn't a really big image, my monitor was only nineteen inches, but I could see us and I liked it a lot. So did the men watching us on the webcam too and a couple smaller windows were opened so we could see them jerking off their hard, black pricks.

Apparently there was a whole website devoted to sissy white boys and the black men who loved them, and Eric was a member. Now I was too, in a manner of speaking, because our webcam was being broadcast to anyone who cared to look at it. I might have protested that, but Eric hadn't left me much choice. Whatever Master Cock demanded, I had to obey and the idea of telling the man no while he rubbed my pussy penis and hairless balls, fingered my hungry boy cunt ... I'd have agreed to anything.

"Now..." he whispered, pushing himself up a little higher, getting a better angle, " ... Give me a real fuck ... Uhhhh ... Yeah!"

"Uh-huh! Uh-huh!" I breathed, closing my eyes as Eric started fucking my ass harder, giving me quick, short strokes as he'd pull only half his dick out of my butt and then ram it home.

He pinned my shoulders to the bed and rocked my body beneath his powerful thrusts over and over. His smooth, dark shaft stretched my asshole effortlessly, the streamlined head of his prick pushing the tender walls of my boy cunt aside with nothing but a sensation of raw pleasure to overwhelm me. The sweaty whap-whap-whapping of his pelvis slapping my ass was punctuated by our guttural moans and sharp gasps. He fucked me like a little girl and I came into the pillow beneath me with a rush of warmth.

"Ughhh..." Eric finally offered me a deep-throated growl of satisfaction as his cock spewed another hot load of fuck cream into my hole.

He held me tight, dropping his chest to my back and kissing my hair and neck while his balls jerked inside their hairy sack. I smiled with my own satisfaction, knowing I'd brought the man off. I'd made him cum and the idea that he liked me that much, that a big, strong, handsome black man like Eric enjoyed my body enough to want to possess it with his manly seed ... That was a real reward for me. I don't know how else to explain it. I loved being fucked, but it was more than just the physical part. I liked the emotions too, even if they might only be for that one moment, it was enough to make me feel good about being a sissy slut for black cock.

"Don't move," Eric told me a minute later as he got off me slowly, pulling his still semi-hard cock out of my butt. "Where's your lipstick?"

"Lipstick?" I blinked at him and pointed towards my dresser with a weak hand. "In my purse ... Why?"

He didn't answer me, Eric just chuckled as he got off the bed. He found my red lipstick first, the Super-Moist Passion Red by Covergirl, and then he adjusted the camera. Eric zoomed in on my butt as it remained high in the air, perched over the pillow under my hips. I giggled, wondering what he was doing and then I watched on the monitor as he started writing across my skin.

"Mattie -16yo Sissy - Conquered!"

"Conquered?" I laughed, blushing a little as Eric pulled my butt cheeks apart for the camera, showing the world my raw, pink anus obviously leaking a black man's sperm

"That's what you are now," Eric laughed, fingering my cummy boy cunt for the anonymous black men watching us. "Your ass is conquered, bitch!"

"I guess so!" I giggled, sticking my tongue out at him.

"Put that tongue on my balls," he told me. "Clean me up before I take off."

"You're not staying?" I asked, twisting my body and crawling off the cum soaked pillow so I could wash his cock with my mouth.

"Staying?" he chuckled. "I have to get home before my girlfriend thinks I'm fucking around on her."

"Your girlfriend?" I blinked at that. "But I thought..."

"You thought you're my girlfriend?" Eric asked me and I nodded, feeling my face growing hot. "Sorry. You're just the faggot I'm getting paid to fuck."

"B-But..." I felt like crying suddenly, but I didn't know why. I hardly even knew this guy, but still...

"Shhh ... Stop whining and clean my dick," he said, grabbing a fistful of hair and pulling my mouth down to his prick. "Do a good job too. I don't need my girlfriend asking me why my dick tastes like shit!"

"What a jerk!" I said to myself, sitting alone on my bed after Eric had left.

I should have taken a bath, except I liked the feeling of his cum inside my butt. I felt squishy down there and a little sore maybe, but not too much. Mostly my heart felt worse and I couldn't believe Eric had a girlfriend! He was supposed to be with me! It wasn't fair at all! I'd done everything he wanted me to. I'd kissed him and sucked his cock, I'd let him fuck me ... twice! I'd even done that stupid webcam thing and now half of Seattle had probably seen the video of little white me getting seriously butt fucked by big black him.

He was supposed to love me! And my mom wasn't just paying him to have sex with me either! That idiot! He was supposed to be taking care of my dad. God! I hated him right then. I'd forgotten all about everyone else too, that was the worst part. I hadn't even thought of Heather once! Every part of me had been given to Eric and he'd just laughed at me. What a jerk! Why did I even like him anyway? He wasn't that handsome! Just sort of handsome and his dick wasn't even all that! Master Cock? Hah!

Next time I saw him, I was just going to ignore the man. Let's see which one of us really didn't care then! I wouldn't even look at him and I knew Eric would be sorry then! He'd come crawling on his hands and knees, saying he was sorry, but I wouldn't even listen. What a jerk! Ugh! I hated him! Why did he have to have a girlfriend anyway? I bet she was dog ugly too! Probably some fat, ugly, black girl with pimples on her butt! I knew I looked hot! Lots of guys liked me! I could have any guy I wanted, so that was just going to be too bad for Eric!

Yeah. That's what I'd do, I thought. I'd just ignore him and I didn't even like him that much anyway. I didn't love him, that was for sure! If he thought I did, well ... That was his problem! Except I was crying when I fell asleep.
Chapter 12 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 12
Chapter 11 Mail Bottom
Chapter 12
Posted: 9/25/2009, 11:19:45 AM

"What happened to you last night?" Kyle asked, giving me a little frown beneath his platinum hair.

"Huh?" I tried to look innocent as I got in the front seat of Dave's car. Josh was sitting in the back, rubbing Kyle's hard little dick through the boy's white panties.

"Stop it!" Kyle said, making a face and trying to pull his skirt back down. He'd joined the JV Pep Squad the day before and he wanted to show off his little cheerleader outfit.

"Aren't you supposed to wear shorts or something?" I asked, trying to change the subject.

"None of the cheerleaders wear shorts," Dave grinned at me. "Are you gonna join too?"

"Be a cheerleader?" I giggled at that idea.

"Heather was looking for you last night," Kyle told me. "You were supposed to go to the mall with us. Remember?"

"Yeah," I nodded. "But, um ... my dad came home from the hospital yesterday, so..."

"Cool," Josh nodded, still playing with Kyle and he'd pulled the gusset of the smaller boy's panties aside, exposing Kyle's pretty ballsack.

"You keep doing that and you gotta lick it!" Kyle told him.

"How's your dad doing?" Dave wondered and I shrugged.

"He just sits there mostly," I told my friends.

"So does he wear a diaper or what?" Josh asked and I blinked at him.

"Shut-up!" I said. "God! Why do you care?"

"I'm just asking," he shrugged. "That would suck."

"He's got a nurse anyway," I said, without really meaning to and I frowned at myself because I didn't even want to start talking about Eric ... for a lot of reasons!

"Is he a black guy?" Dave asked and I stared at him.

"How do you know he's a guy?" I wondered.

"A really hot black guy?" Josh asked with a grin.

"Does he have a big dick?" Kyle giggled. "And bad handwriting?"

"What?" I swallowed hard. "Who told you guys?"

"Mattie got conquered by a nurse!" Josh laughed. "That was so hot!"

"What do you mean?" I demanded, feeling my face burn and my tummy starting to ache.

"You're all over the internet!" Kyle said happily. "God! Somebody called Stacy, cause she used to be your girlfriend, and then she called Heather ... Or maybe it was the other way around? Anyway..."

"Kevin called me," Dave said, kind of teasing me with his eyes. "That guy really drilled your ass, huh?"

"Watch the road!" I told him.

"Brad told me about it," Josh said. "Woke me up like midnight or something. You looked pretty hot though, Mattie."

"Seriously hot," Dave agreed.

"So who was that guy?" Kyle wanted to know. "Are you his sissy boyfriend now or what?"

"Duh!" Josh laughed. "Heather's gonna be pissed, I bet!"

"Probably cut off your balls!" Dave said, sounding almost serious and I frowned at him.

"He's not my boyfriend," I told them. "He's just the nurse my mom got to watch my dad."

"And fuck you!" Kyle giggled.

"That was an accident," I sighed.

"He conquered your ass!" Dave grinned at me.

"But it was an accident!" Josh added with a sarcastic laugh. "Yeah, right! You're such a slut, Mattie!"

"Just leave me alone," I said, turning to look out the window. We were almost at school anyway.

"Conquered, huh?" Heather asked as soon as I walked into the girls' locker room with my friends.

The other six cheerleaders giggled and smirked and whispered while they stroked their long, black cocks. So did my friends, their six white boyfriends, who waiting impatiently to see what Heather was going to do about me.

"Sorry," I whispered, looking down and biting my bottom lip as I stood there in a kind of long, royal blue skirt and a nice silk blouse, golden yellow like my hair.

"Got a new boyfriend now, faggot?" she wondered. "What is he ... a college guy or something?"

"He's a nurse!" Kyle blurted with a giggle.

"A nurse?" Stacy laughed and the other girls were all talking.

"He's taking care of my dad," I sort of explained. "My mom hired him."

"Ohhh..." Heather nodded. "And he took one look at you and decided to conquer your sissy ass, huh?"

"Kinda," I agreed, blushing hard and hoping she wasn't teasing me. "My mom made me do it. Sorta."

"Your mom?" Paula giggled.

"She thinks I need a, uh..." I glanced at Heather.

"She thinks you need what?" my girlfriend asked.

"A boyfriend," I said. "Like ... a real man ... sorta."

"Oh yeah?" Heather made a face and I swallowed hard.

"I mean, she likes you and everything," I said quickly. "She just ... I don't know. She's acting weird."

"So this guy's your boyfriend now?" she asked me and I shook my head.

"No! Uh-huh," I told her. "He's got a real girlfriend; he's just supposed to sorta ... fuck me sometimes."

"Well," Heather giggled. "I'm supposed to sorta fuck you sometimes too, faggot. Remember that?"

"Yeah," I nodded, looking at her beautiful face, into her stormy blue-grey eyes. "He's not my boyfriend, I swear!"

"I'm not mad," she told me. "I knew I was getting a slut when I traded for you ... Now bend over..."

"Oh!" I blinked with momentary confusion when Heather pushed me over one of the long wooden benches. The edge of it bit into my hips as I found myself face down with my hair sweeping the floor and my butt in the air.

"You want to be conquered?" Heather asked me with a soft laugh. "That can be arranged."

"No doubt!" Stacy agreed as Heather pushed my skirt up, over my back, and yanked my panties down to expose my butt, balls, and dick.

"Oh yeah!" Veronica giggled. "I wanna conquer that bitch!"

"Me too!" Rita agreed and all the cheerleaders were talking, gathering around me as I lay bent over helplessly.

"Time for a little gang-fuck, Mattie," Heather sighed, standing behind me with her hot, black prick sliding upward between the pale cheeks of my ass.

"A quick one though," Paula reminded us. "Get over here and fluff me, faggot!"

She pulled Josh close, pushing the boy to his knees so he could suck his girlfriend's fat dick.

"Get me ready, slut," Wendy said, doing the same thing with Kyle and the sophomore went quickly to the floor and wrapped his lips around her cock.

All the boys were soon sucking their girlfriend's beautiful cocks, or washing their heavy, sperm filled balls. All except Heather, she was busy rubbing her cockhead across my anus, teasing us both with it as I shivered with happy anticipation. I'd gotten myself ready for her too, like I did every morning before school. A warm enema to get me nice and clean, and then a generous squirt of KY Jelly to get my boy pussy nice and slippery for any cock who wanted me ... Preferably Heather's cock, because I wasn't supposed to be fucking around with other boys at school.

"Don't forget," Heather reminded her friends. "This slut gets all the ... Ugh! ... cum!"

"Ow!" I winced as she rammed her thick penis into my rectum, stretching my sphincter around the glans and then her smooth, black shaft as the girl kept pushing.

"You're still pretty tight ... Ugh!" Heather grunted. "For a conquered little bitch, Mattie!"

"Ummm..." I just sighed, nodding my head as I stared at the floor, feeling my face turning pink with all the blood rushing into my head.

"So, Mommy makes you fuck Daddy's nurse, huh?" SLAP! Heather spanked my ass hard. "I kinda like your mom, Mattie!" SLAP! "I wonder if she's banging that black dick herself!" SLAP! "She's kind of a hottie too!" SLAP! "Kind of a slut, I bet!" SLAP! "What do you think?" SLAP! "If I shoved my cock up Mommy's cunt..." SLAP! " ... would she scream rape?" SLAP! "Or just moan a lot?" SLAP!

She plainly didn't want an answer, Heather just wanted to punish me and the transsexual cheerleader was spanking my ass hard while she fucked her prick deep into my bowels. I groaned as the image of Heather fucking my mom filled my imagination and I tried to push myself against her, rolling my ass and wanting a hard grind, but Heather just kept pumping my fuck hole hard and fast.

"I think he likes the idea!" Karen giggled.

"We should bang his mom," someone else suggested, Stacy probably.

"Gang fuck her on the kitchen table while Mattie watches!" Veronica agreed.

"His daddy too!" Stacy laughed, definitely her.

"Yeah," Heather breathed. "You got a hot mom, Mattie ... You never thought about fucking her?"

"Maybe he has!" Rita offered with a giggle.

"Nah," Heather decided. "I saw her checking out my dick. She's a slut for big, black cock. Mommy wouldn't even feel this faggot's little clit."

"Tell your mom you're gonna have a slumber party," Veronica told me. "Saturday night..."

"Is she going to be home?" Karen wondered.

"Or out trolling for cock?" Rita giggled.

"She'll be trolling for cock in the kitchen!" Paula laughed. "Yeah, let's do Mattie's mom!"

"I hope she's hot," Karen said.

"She is!" Wendy told her friend. "Fuck yeah! A serious MILF!"

"A MILGF?" Rita said happily.

"Yeah!" Heather breathed. "A mother I'd like to gang fuck ... That'll teach the bitch to hook my boyfriend up with some faggot nurse!"

"Ummmm ... Oh yeah..." I sighed as the warmth of Heather's creamy ball juice suddenly erupted deep in my guts.

"Ugh! Fuck! Bitch!" she gasped, arching her back and pulling my hips to get her cock as far inside me as she could.

It had been a quick fuck and I felt a little dizzy being sort of upside down like I was. My head was starting to throb, but my asshole felt great! Heather had stretched my boy cunt nicely for Stacy, who took her friend's place immediately, slamming her huge, black dick into the spermy depths of my hungry ass. Heather grabbed Kevin by the back of his neck, since he was Stacy's boyfriend and didn't have anything to do while she fucked me, and put the senior to work washing my ass off her cock with his tongue.

"Miss me, cocksucker?" Stacy asked, panting the words in time with her thrusting hips. "I forgot how nice and tight you're sissy cunt can be ... Wet too! Heather got you all excited, huh?"

"Mmmm..." I nodded, wincing as the girl stretched me even more than Heather had. Stacy's cock was very big!

"Yeah," she giggled, digging her sharp fingernails into my boyish hips and jerking back to meet her pelvis. "Rock that cock, bitch! Fuck my dick!"

She didn't last long either, just a few minutes of relentless pounding before Stacy gave me a fresh flood of semen to mix with Heather's.

"My turn!" Veronica said, and Stacy had barely pulled her cock out of my ass before the other cheerleader dove into my rectum eagerly.

"Uhhh!" I gasped when her cockhead found my prostate, sending shivers of pure joy along my spine.

"Like that?" she asked with a soft chuckle. "I wondered what all the fuss was about ... You've got a nice pussy, slut! Hot! Tight! And wet!"

I could feel her prick churning the cum inside my ass, stirring that creamy ball juice into a fine froth that seeped even deeper into my bowels. It was a strange, but welcome sensation, and I enjoyed every second of it. My asshole spasmed with contractions of pleasure, the soft muscles of my ass squeezing Veronica's long, black dick as she stretched my cock hungry fuck channel around it.

"Cumming, bitch! Take it! Oh!" Veronica soon came inside me, grinding her soft, brown pelvis against my butt while her balls unleashed their creamy load.

"Ohhhh ... Sloppy fourths!" Paula grinned as she took her place, sliding her dick inside my fag pussy slowly, enjoying the way my rectum greeted her with a friendly spasm.

"Don't fuck around with him!" Rita complained. "The bell's gonna ring!"

"We got ten minutes," Paula replied, but she knew she had to get off quickly too, and soon enough she was pumping my cumhole just as hard as the first three girls had done me.

After Paula added another healthy load of hot baby gravy to my sissy womb, Rita fucked me for only a minute or so before she blew a huge load of sperm! She had big testicles too though, a serious pair of black balls in a low hanging sack of smooth, supple skin. I'd admired her scrotum plenty of times and it didn't really surprise me that Rita's orgasm lasted longer than it had taken her to get off.

"What a sloppy fuck!" Karen complained, sinking her fat prick inside my ass and feeling nothing but her friends' hot cum. "Jesus! I thought you guys said this faggot was tight?"

"He was!" Stacy giggled.

"Sorry!" Veronica laughed as well.

"Squeeze your cunt, boy!" SLAP! Karen spanked me. "I wanna feel something!"

"Uhhhh-huh!" I moaned, feeling kind of numb by then, or something. My head throbbed after being bent over like I was for some fifteen minutes already. The bench was seriously digging into my tummy, and my butt felt like I'd taken another enema, except a hot, buttery one and the cum squished out of my ass around Karen's prick to spill down my thighs.

After she came, Wendy took the seventh and last turn in my well-fucked, sperm filled asshole.

"Play with my balls, Kyle..." she told her boyfriend, " ... and stick your finger up my ass too! I'll never get a nut in this fag's ass ... Jesus! It feels like I'm fucking a bowl of hot Jell-O!"

"Stop complaining!" Heather told her friend with a sigh.

"Yeah," Rita agreed. "Just bang the fucker. You got about two minutes."

"Shit!" Wendy snorted. "When we do his mom, I'm going first!"

"We'll see!" Stacy sang, not sounding like she believed that would happen.

Wendy did cum fairly quickly, despite all her complaints about how loose and sloppy my asshole was after taking the six big, black cocks before hers. Probably having Kyle massage her balls and tongue fuck her ass helped a lot though. When she came, I barely noticed, to tell the truth, mostly I was about ready to pass out by then just because gravity had sucked all the blood into my throbbing head!

"Don't get up yet, faggot!" Heather told me, pushing on my back as I felt something cool, smooth, and very firm being pressed inside my gaping anus.

Stacy was shoving a butt plug in my ass, not a very long one, but seriously thick and I winced as my tired muscles were stretched further than they'd ever been in my life! The plug had sort of a bulge near the base and I had no idea how big around it was, but my imagination ran wild as I gasped and winced, jerking at the unfamiliar sensation of having my rectum pushed outward in every possible direction. It had to be as big around as a Coke can, I figured, maybe even more than that! My burning sphincter closed up behind it too, once that bulge was firmly planted in my ass, and it wasn't coming back out!

"There! That'll keep all that cum right where it belongs," Stacy said.

"In your conquered ass!" Heather agreed with a giggle. "Don't take it out either!"

"Save it for your new boyfriend!" Veronica told me. "See how he likes fucking your cunt now!"

The bell rang and they left me as I stood up slowly, kind of wobbling as my legs felt weak, tingling with pins and needles as they'd fallen asleep. I lost my balance and sat down heavily on the bench, on the butt plug stuffed inside my ass! That made me yelp loudly and I twisted away from the sudden discomfort. Going through a full day of school, sitting through all those classes with not only an assful of spunk, but that plug stretching my rectum ... Ouch!

I realized Heather might have been a little more mad at me than she'd been willing to admit.

" ... and that's the weather!" a giggling Shelby Myers said on the television during homeroom. She was a senior and one of the so-called newscasters for the high school A-V Club which put on a little television show every morning for announcements and stuff.

A cartoonish logo appeared with the words "Entertainment This Morning!" accompanied with some cheesy music. It soon gave way to Monica Branson, another senior and a seriously cute one too! She always did the entertainment part of the announcements, usually talking about a school play or what the band was up to. This morning however...

" ... I gotta warn you though..." Monica giggled happily, " ... the following scenes may be disturbing!"

Suddenly the television was playing a video clip ... of me getting fucked by Eric! Just ten seconds or so of his muscular black body straddling mine as I lay face down over a pillow. You could see it was me too! I had my head turned like I was smiling for the camera, with my eyes shining and my face pink, my tongue hanging out while the man pumped his long prick inside my asshole.

Then it cut to the end, when Eric had written "Mattie — 16yo — Conquered!" across the top of my butt with red lipstick. He spread my pert ass cheeks apart, exposing my tender anus as a thin stream of whitish cum trickled out of it. He fingered my asshole for a few seconds, shoving his long, middle finger inside my butt and twisting it, then brought his spermy digit free and pushed it into my mouth, pulling it from my tight lips a few seconds later, nice and clean.

"Wasn't that amazing?" Monica gushed into the camera. "If you want to see more of the biggest slut in school taking a huge black penis up his sexy little butt, just surf by the Sissy Sluts website at www..."

"Well," Ms. Patterson sighed as she turned off the television. "That was very interesting, wasn't it?"

She didn't seem to like me very much anyway and now I squirmed on that uncomfortable butt plug while the whole class talked about me, giggling and whispering. It was more than just a little humiliating! How could they put that in the homeroom announcements? You can't show porn videos at school! That was insane! But nobody even seemed to care about that. The other kids, even Ms. Patterson, seemed to act like it was perfectly normal to show a half minute video clip of a teenage white boy getting fucked by a black man. The only thing they were wondering about was me!

"Conquered, huh?" Randy Gleason grinned at me.

"I'd like to conquer some of that myself!" Winslow Simpson said to nobody in particular, staring at me and rubbing his crotch.

"Half the school's conquered him!" Gloria Cotton sniffed and some of the other girls agreed, shaking their heads and talking about what a giant slut I was.

I just squirmed, like I said, and kept my eyes down as my body burned with embarrassment.

What I found really strange though was how none of the boys gave me a hard time about it. The girls, yeah. They were being all kinds of catty, but the boys, especially the black ones, were all being extra nice to me!

"Hey, Mattie!" Nate found me near my locker, him and another cute black boy named Stephen. "You're lookin' hot!"

"Uhhh ... Thanks," I sort of muttered suspiciously.

"We were wondering if you wanted to go out tonight," Stephen asked me.

"What?" I looked up at them.

"With both of us," Nate nodded. "A fine ass bitch like you ... We could have a good time."

"Both of you?" I smiled, but I didn't really understand.

"Yeah," Stephen agreed, looking me up and down. "You do two guys at once, right?"

"No!" I blinked at him.

"Shit!" Nate ginned at me. "That ain't what I heard. Come on ... We'll get a little blow and then a little ... blow!"

"Blow? Huh?" I frowned at him. "Leave me alone."

They weren't the only ones either. It seemed like every black guy in school was hitting on me, half the white guys too! They just wanted sex mostly. They kept asking me to go out with them, usually two or three guys, sometimes more, like they were afraid of facing me alone or something. And they'd make the most obscene suggestions!

"You like that DP stuff?" Roy Towers asked me with a sly smile, and he was sort of a greasy looking white guy.

"DP?" I made a face. "What are you talking about?"

"Double penetration," Wayne Rudley explained, being Roy's best friend or something. "Two cocks in your ass at the same time. You wanna try it?"

"With you guys?" I stared at them and they both nodded eagerly. "Are you insane? Leave me the fuck alone!"

"We can get my brother if you wanna suck one too," Roy said, and that boy had been watching way too much porn!

"Go away!" I told them, slamming my locker shut.

I couldn't even get a break in the bathroom!

"Sup, Mattie?" Levi Owens, a seriously studly black guy smiled at me as he stood at a urinal next to the one I was using.

"Uh, hi..." I smiled at him, then sorta frowned as I had to bunch my skirt way up around my tummy and pull my panties down so I could pee. Probably I should have just sat down on a toilet and done it, but the plug in my ass made me nervous.

"You wanna hold my dick for me?" he wondered.

"What?"

"Go ahead," he nodded. "Hold my dick while I piss."

"No!" I giggled with disbelief.

"Come on," he chided me with a toothy grin. "I know you want to, sissy ... Just hold it, that's all."

"But..." I swallowed hard and looked over my shoulder. Like eight guys had followed me into the bathroom and they leaned against the sinks smiling at me.

"Yeah ... here, like this..." Levi reached for my hand and pulled my fingers to his soft, black penis.

"Uhhh..." I giggled nervously, blushing as I held his heavy cock in my hand. My own need to pee had gone away completely, as you can imagine, so I just pulled my panty back up and my skirt was falling down by then anyway.

"Ahhhh..." Levi sighed, nodding as he let loose with a quick stream of pale yellow piss into the porcelain.

I could feel the soft vibration through his warm skin and the muscle beneath, the odd sensation of fluid flowing through his prick. He pissed for a long while too!

"Give it a little shake now," he told me with a chuckle and I did just that, shaking his dick much to the amusement of the guys watching us. "And give it a lick, huh? Get it nice and clean for me."

"Huh?" I blinked at him. "You want me to suck it?"

"Well..." he shrugged and then grinned. "Yeah! A blowjob would be great!"

"Fuck you!" I frowned, letting go of his dick and stomping out of the bathroom in my high heels.

And then later, third period...

"Wrong class, Mattie!" Mr. Hungley told me as I entered the boys' locker room for gym class.

He was a tall, thin white man and coached girls' basketball after school. He was okay, I guessed, except Mr. Hungley liked to run marathons for fun or something, and so he liked his students to run during gym class. I hated running.

"What?"

"You're in the other P.E. class now," he said as a number of my classmates narrowed their eyes and frowned at that news.

"Uh ... What other class?" I asked him, feeling totally confused.

"The new one," he said, like I should have known what he was talking about. "Didn't you get the note from your homeroom teacher?"

"Ms. Patterson?" I shook my head. "She didn't say anything."

"Hmph!" he frowned at that. "Well, the principal decided we'd start a new gym class for our, uh ... special students ... Phaggot Education."

"Faggot education?" I blinked at him.

"Phaggot ... with a Ph at the beginning," he snorted. "Never mind ... Anyway, you and the other sissies can use the girls' locker room until the band room gets renovated."

"The band room?"

"It's going to be the new sissy locker room, yeah," the man nodded. "In the meantime though, it's better if we don't have pretty fags like you teasing the normal boys, you know, in the showers and such."

"Oh!" I just looked at him.

"Some of the parents are concerned," he added.

"They are?"

"They're just not ready for coed ... er, tri-ed facilities yet," he shrugged. "So off you go ... Your new teacher is waiting and I've gotta get these boys running some laps."

"Yeah," I nodded, watching the man turn around and start clapping his hands and yelling and doing all that normal gym teacher stuff.

A half-minute later I swallowed hard and pushed open the door to the girls' locker room, seriously hoping this wasn't some sort of strange practical joke. But Mr. Hugely had seemed pretty serious and there'd been some construction workers checking me out as I'd passed the band room, which was just down the hall from the locker rooms. So I guessed they were serious about building a third locker room, but ... That was really weird!

"Hello?" I called out nervously, peeking my head inside and I was immediately greeted with the sound of some thirty girls talking, but they all got quiet for a second as they stared at me.

"This is your fault!" Shauna said, standing naked from the waist down and I could see her penis, a nice one too, like six inches of pink, semi-hard cock standing out from her girlish body.

"Everybody knows about us now!" Melody Newsome, another white girl and one I never would have suspected of being a boy, frowned at me. She had a really small dick and a plump little scrotum between her shapely thighs. Nice boobs though! Like seriously firm ones with fat, puffy nipples.

Every girl in there was white, I quickly realized, and none of them were real girls at all. Including me and Kyle, who at least offered me a warm smile, there were thirty-one of us. Every sissy in school, probably, and I might have expected to find Heather and the other transsexual cheerleaders there as well, but they weren't and I wasn't sure what that meant. Neither were the other boyfriends, but they weren't cross-dressers like me and kyle either.

"Well, well..."

A deep voice cut through the chatter and I looked to see a very large black man wearing nothing but a ribbed jockstrap, a white muscle-T, and holding a clipboard. His dick must have been huge! The white pouch of his jock looked like it was about ready to burst beneath the effort of containing the man's considerable charms!

" ... you must be Mattie," he said with a flick of his pen. "You're late! I expect all my sissies to be on time!"

"Sorry," I whispered, staring at his crotch and feeling my own smallish prick starting to harden.

"I'm Coach Bailey and this is P.E. class ... Phaggot Education ... and you cocksuckers belong to me for the next hour," he chuckled and jerked his head. "You're in locker 27, Mattie ... Hurry up and get changed. I want your sexy asses in the gym five minutes ago!"

Everyone was quiet after that, but I was definitely getting some dirty looks from my new classmates. Most of them had been perfectly happy being in the closet, so to speak, but Principal Davis had decided to start a new class just for us. I wasn't exactly sure why that would be my fault, but the other sissies wanted a scapegoat and I suppose I was pretty convenient, being sorta famous for being a cocksucking, cross-dressing faggot like I was.

That didn't seem very fair though and I frowned as I opened my locker.

"What's this?" I wondered, holding up the pink thong that had been hanging from a hook. Other than a couple things that looked suspiciously like alligator clips with a long, thin steel chain attached to them, the panties were the only thing in the locker.

"It's a thong," Marisa Oquias said, looking at me like I was stupid or something.

"Duh!" I retorted and then realized she ... he ... was pulling up a thong just like it, making a face as he tried to adjust his cock and balls.

"That's the uniform for gym class now," Nora Hanson shrugged, standing on the other side of me. He already had his thong on and the boy winced as he tried to gently clamp his left nipple. Nora looked like Winona Ryder, actually. When she'd been younger, I mean. He had that same sort of face and fine, shoulder length black hair.

"What are those?" I asked dumbly, blinking as Nora clamped the other alligator clip to his right nipple, with about two feet of slender chain dangling between them against his soft tummy.

"Nipple clips!" He rolled his eyes at me. "You'd better hurry up! Coach said the last one in the gym was going to be the first one he fucked!"

"Really?" I asked, almost smiling, but only because I wasn't sure I believed the boy.

"Of course, a slut like you wouldn't mind, huh?" Marisa snorted. "What a fag!"

"And proud of it!" I stuck my tongue out at him.

"Well, some of us are girls," Lisa Taylor told me with a frown and he was another one I never would have believed wasn't a real girl. Not with his perfect tits, long, tan legs, and amazing ass.

Lisa was only a sophomore, just fifteen-years-old, but soon that little girl was gonna be a serious heartbreaker ... Uh, that boy, I mean, because he did have a surprisingly large cock, sort of a thick, meaty one, and some low hanging balls! I stared as he pulled his thong into place, kind of bending his knees as Lisa pulled the skinny bottom between his two testicles. The boy's scrotum got tight and his balls fell on either side of the elastic thong. They looked kinda sexy like that, actually.

"And some of us are virgins too!" Cindy Keller agreed, but I didn't think he'd be a virgin for long!

His five inch prick was rock hard and bobbing up and down as he moved, and Cindy's ass ... Man! I'd fuck that tight, pink butthole myself, I thought, watching him bend over just to tease me. He was trying to be self-righteous, you know, like they weren't queer because they were just girls born in the wrong bodies or something. Yeah right!

I could see those boys checking each other out. They were all seriously cute. I guess none of the ugly girls ever got mixed up by fate, which just proved my point, I figured. These boys all knew they were pretty, too pretty some of them, and so they wanted to be girls. If they'd been butt ugly, the way some real girls are ... shoot! They'd have been happy to be boys then, I'd bet!

And they were trying to tell me they didn't want to get fucked? I never heard of a fifteen or sixteen year old boy ... or girl ... who didn't dream about sex! These guys were full of crap and I knew it. So did Kyle, as the boy gave me a little tongue with his giggle, and he looked sexy as hell in a little pink thong! I couldn't admire him too much though! I had to get changed and get into the gym before all the other sissies did! I wasn't gonna be the first one up there, but I didn't want to be the last! I had no idea what Coach Bailey might say or do if he tried to fuck me and found that butt plug in my cum-filled ass!

That would be seriously embarrassing!

"Ouch!" I frowned as I put the alligator clip on my right nipple, trying to hurry, but it kinda hurt!

"Let's go, Mattie!" Kyle said impatiently, making a face as I clipped my other nipple.

"Ow!" I winced. "These things hurt!"

"They do not!" he rolled his dark eyes at me. "Don't be such a pussy!"

"Look who's talking!" I rolled my eyes right back at him and slammed the locker shut.

It was just pure luck that I stepped into the gym before my friend did. I mean, we were basically there at the same time, but...

"You!" Coach Bailey pointed a big, black finger at Kyle.

"Me?" the boy squeaked.

"You're up here with me!" the man nodded, then looked at me. "And you, stand with the other sissies ... Line up! Let's go!"

That Coach Bailey guy must have been in the army, I figured. Maybe even the Marines, the way he barked orders. He put the thirty of us in six rows of five, making us hold our arms out and touching fingertips so that we were all exactly two arm lengths away from each other. Only Kyle stood separately, in front of our little formation and facing us. I think we were all kind of nervous, but him most of all.

"What are you boys doing here?" Coach Bailey demanded when four black guys, juniors like me, walked into the gym and sat on a section of the bleachers that were unfolded.

"Uh ... Study Hall, Coach," one of them replied.

"Too noisy in the library?" Coach asked him and we giggled at that. "Or you boys just wanna watch these sissies stretch?"

"We wanna watch the, um ... sissies," another boy said, not even a little shy about it as his three friends nodded.

"Alright then," Coach chuckled and looked at us. "I guess you ladies have a reason to show off now."

The black guys were all smiles, staring at thirty-one teenage white sissies wearing nothing but pink thongs and nipple clamps. Most of us were showing off our balls too. I mean, it couldn't really be helped because all those panties offered were small, triangular pouches to hold our dicks. Very small pouches! And the rest of the thong was nothing but thin, stretchy nylon that ran between balls, over our buttholes and deep between our cheeks, and then around our hips to the front. So my balls, like every other sissy's, were just sort of hanging there between my smooth thighs.

I couldn't help but admire some of my classmates either! They all looked good, but some of them looked totally like girls. I mean, they had tits and hips and sweet, round butts, and ... everything! Except for their cocks and balls, you'd never know they weren't girls. My dick was aching too! I think some of the other fags suffered the same problem as we were surrounded my soft, warm flesh everywhere we looked.

The boy in front of me, Nora, had a seriously sexy butt! To my left was Shauna and even with his small, A-cup tits, he had some real curves. I liked his tummy mostly, sorta soft and just a little round, but not fat! No way! None of those boys were even a little chubby. On my right was Marisa. Hot, little Puerto Rican, Marisa ... Who wasn't really white, of course. He was Hispanic and looked like he had an all over tan and his tits were nice, firm handfuls topped with big, brown nipples! His dick had grown stiff too, like most of us, and I smiled when I saw the pink head poking out the top of his thong like a groundhog!

And then there was Coach. Like it wasn't bad enough I found the sissies hot, Coach Bailey was wearing nothing but that tight muscle-T and a jockstrap! And sneakers, of course, well had gym shoes on, but who was looking at his feet? The white jock only made his skin look that much darker, and Coach was a very black man! He had muscles on his muscles too. He had abs and biceps and triceps and a smooth, gleaming chest that looked like it belonged on King Kong! She had a square head and a hard face, like he should have been a boxer. He wasn't handsome in a pretty way, he was handsome in a heroic way. Like nothing bad was gonna happen when he was around because he'd put an end to it quick!

Coach reminded me a lot of my dad that way, before my dad had his stroke, I mean.

"Alright, girls! Time for some stretching! Let's get those pussy muscles warmed up!" he said, standing in front of us with Kyle. "Just do whatever this faggot does ... Turn this way, boy..."

Coach used Kyle for a demonstration dummy, pushing and pulling at the sophomore until he was stretching the way Coach wanted him to. Then we tried to copy him while Coach walked around, correcting us and making us stretch a little further than we wanted to, all that sort of thing. He'd tug those nipple clamp things too, making us yelp and gasp if he didn't think we were stretching enough. Except for wearing thongs and nipple clamps, it was a lot like a normal gym class, I thought. Coach Bailey at least seemed to know what he was doing and the stretches did feel pretty good, except the butt plug in my ass was killing me!

"Ouch!" I winced as trying to do the splits with balls between my legs was bad enough, but having a plug in my rectum made it torture!

"What the fuck was that?" Coach stared at me as I kinda sprawled on the gymnasium floor, blushing and blinking up at him.

The immense swell of his ribbed jock was about an inch from my face. He smelled ripe with sweat and piss and semen, like he'd just finished fucking someone. It made me kinda dizzy and I could have kissed it, if I'd wanted to ... and I sorta did. Want to, I mean, but I resisted the urge and just licked my lips instead.

"Roll over, cockboy..." Coach twirled is fingers as I got on my tummy. "Ass in the air ... Higher! ... Spread those dick mittens..."

"Dick mittens?" someone wondered with a giggle, Marisa maybe, and everyone was wondering what was going on.

I guessed my butt cheeks were my dick mittens, and I pulled them apart to expose that thin bit of thong as it tried hopelessly to hide the soft flange of the butt plug buried in my rectum. I heard the murmurs of a dozen boys behind me, more than that as a lot of kids had snuck into the gym to see the new sissy P.E. class. There were probably twenty guys there now, staring as I spread my firm, round ass for Coach's inspection.

"Is that a butt plug?" Coach asked, announcing what he'd found for the rest of the class to giggle and whisper about.

"Y-Yes sir," I whispered, blushing miserably as I held my butt cheeks with my face on the parquet floor.

"Now why would you be wearing a butt plug to Phaggot Education?" he asked me. "Are you looking for extra credit?"

"Uhhh..." I shook my head.

"Good," he nodded. "Because the only way to get extra credit in my class is to suck my dick."

"Oh!" I blinked at him.

"Well?" he asked after ten seconds of silence. "Are you going to tell us why you have a sex toy shoved up your sissy butt?"

"I, uh..." I bit my bottom lip.

"Mattie, right?" He leaned down, getting a little closer.

"Y-Yeah."

"Is it personal?" Coach wondered in a gentle voice, tilting his head and smiling sympathetically.

"Yes sir," I said.

"Kind of embarrassing too, huh?"

"Yeah," I cleared my throat.

"I understand, Mattie," he agreed and then raised his voice and lost his smile. "Explain it anyway. Hurry up."

"I, um ... I had sex and, um..."

"You mean someone fucked you?" he asked, narrowing his eyes. "A boy?"

"Yeah ... Uh, yes sir," I nodded, deciding not to tell him about my girlfriend and her friends. "More than one."

"More than one, huh?" Coach smiled, looking around the class to make sure all the other guys were listening. "How many boys fucked you ... exactly?"

"Seven," I admitted softly.

"What's that? I didn't hear you ... Did you say you got fucked by seven big, hard cocks?"

"Yes sir."

"It's only quarter after ten in the morning!" he said with a chuckle. "You got seven brothers at home?"

"What? No! Um..."

"Had a little gang-bang, huh?" Coach cut me off. "And then they plugged your cunt with a faggot tampon?"

"I, um..." I shrugged. "I guess so."

"Well, good for you!" Coach smiled at me, standing up straight and looking around. "Now this sissy is exactly the kind of go-getter we need around here! Who else is wearing a butt plug? Come on ... Don't be shy ... Raise your hand if you got something stuck up your fuck chute!"

My classmates all looked at each other, giggling nervously and then whispering as first one boy, Barbie Schroeder, raised his hand, and then another boy, Erin Quinn, held up his.

"Uh-huh," Coach nodded slowly. "That's it? Nobody else? I'm going to be checking, so..."

"Uh ... Me too, Coach." A cute little blonde boy wiggled his fingers and blushed.

"Right," the man nodded. "What's your name again, sissy?"

"Angie Hutchins," she breathed, kinda sexily too, and then giggled. "It's just a little vibrator."

"Four of you, huh?" Coach nodded. "I guess you sluts deserve a gold star ... Over here, faggots ... On your knees ... Chins up, shoulders back, throw out those titties like you got a pair!"

He had us scrambling to kneel upright in the center of the gym, right where that tip-off circle thing is for the basketball games. We didn't know what was going on though, nobody did, until Coach called over four of the boys who were watching from the bleachers. He seemed to pick them at random, but they were all big and not too sure what was going on.

"You get this one ... Shorty, stand in front of Mattie there ... That's it ... Okay, big guy ... Yeah, step up! These sissies don't bite!"

We were lined up in a row. Angie, Barbie, Erin, and me. In front of us stood the four smiling black boys and it soon became obvious what Coach intended.

"Take out those cocks, girls..." he commanded, " ... and start sucking!"

"B-But..." Angie blinked his big blue eyes at the man and I suddenly doubted that the boy had ever sucked a cock in his life! I mean, he was only fourteen-years-old anyway. Angie probably didn't even have a real boyfriend yet!

"Grab that titty tether, son," Coach told the kid standing in front of Angie, a rather healthy black boy named Byron. "Just give it a good yank every time the faggot makes a fuss."

"Ouch! Hey!" Angie yelped as Byron did just that, giving the boy's tender nipples a serious tug.

The rest of us were quickly unzipping our new partners! Angie too, as he figured out that getting his baby tits jerked was sort of painful. All the boys had grabbed our chains. The one I was unzipping, Marvin Jones, gave my tits a pull just to see if it worked and I winced as my already sore and swollen nipples seemed to burst into flame. The pain didn't last but a split second, but left a distinctive throbbing sensation behind that almost felt good. Sorta.

"Ah! Don't!" I frowned at him and he was in half my other classes anyway, so I knew him. Kinda

"Sorry, Mattie," he shrugged, smiling as I reached into his baggy jeans.

He wanted to be some kind of gangsta rapper guy or something. His pants were twice as big as he was, his sneakers were untied with the laces hanging out all over. He had a black t-shirt with Malcolm X. looking pissed off, and a lot of ten carat bling that looked like it came from a booth at the county fair. Marvin did have a nice cock though!

"Let's keep stretching, ladies!" Coach said, clapping his hands again and turning his attention to the rest of his students.

I didn't really pay much attention to what my classmates were doing though, I was a little busy fishing Marvin's long, black dick out of his pants before the boy decided to pull my chain again!

"Oh, man!" he said with a grin, looking at Byron who stood next to him. "I never had a blowjob before!"

"Me neither!" Byron laughed. "This is so cool! Hurry up, faggot!"

"Ow!" Angie yelped as the older boy gave his tittie tether thing another pull. "Stop it!"

"No!" Byron giggled and then he did it again, just to be a jerk! He was kind of a bully, I thought, one of those kids with a chip on his shoulder.

"Shit!" the guy on the end gasped as Barbie wrapped his sissy lips around the boy's black dick. "Yeah! Suck it ... Like that ... Ohhhh..."

Cindy had started sucking eagerly as well and neither one of those boys had any problems giving head. I sure didn't! I opened wide, engulfing the smooth glans of Marvin's prick and started washing it happily with my tongue. It seemed more than a little strange, sucking off a black boy in the middle of the gym ... and in the middle of gym class ... but I didn't mind. This seemed a lot better than doing a bunch of stupid stretching, especially with that plug stuffed up my butt.

Marvin had a nice cock too, although it could have been a little thicker maybe. Still, a good six or seven inches of stiff black meat, dripping precum, and sliding between my tight lips. I didn't even mind when the boy grabbed my head, digging his fingers in my hair and started fucking my face. He'd never gotten a blowjob before, so I could understand his enthusiasm. Plus, I have to admit, I was getting pretty good at sucking cock by then!

Only Angie was having a hard time, struggling to get Byron's prick inside his mouth without gagging on it. That had to be a mental thing though, because there wasn't much more than the head between his lips when Angie would start coughing and pull off it again. That just frustrated Byron all the more, naturally, and he'd yank the faggot's tittie tether and grab the smaller boy by the hair, forcing his cock between Angie's lips one more time.

What a bully! That little sissy was going to need some help, I thought, and I felt kind of sorry for Angie. Luckily for both of us, Marvin didn't last very long at all.

"Gahhh!" Marvin sorta gasped all of a sudden. "I'm gonna ... gonna ... Oh!"

After about two minutes of serious knob bobbin', he arched his back and let out a soft groan, and filled my mouth with his hot, salty semen. I swallowed quickly, savoring the taste of the boy's creamy ball juice, and then washed his cock clean with my tongue. He stayed hard and Marvin seemed to think I should blow him again, since his three friends were still getting their dicks sucked, but I ignored him.

"Shit!" Marvin grinned at me as I licked the whitish cum from his black scrotum where some had dribbled down. "That was the shit, Mattie!"

"Heh!" I smiled at him. "You're welcome."

"What the fuck, bitch?" Byron frowned as Angie jerked her mouth off his prick again.

"Hey! Stop being an asshole," I told the guy, sliding close to Angie and pulling the boy's big, black hand out of her hair. "Let him go!"

"He's supposed to be sucking me!" Byron whined, but then he shut-up when I gave him an angry stare.

"I'll show you how," I told Angie. "It's easy."

"I don't like it," the little fag told me. "It's gross."

"It's only a dick," I shrugged. "You just have to get used to it. Don't suck it right away ... Lick it first, like this..."

I leaned close and gave Byron's cock a long, wet lick from his balls up to the smooth glans.

"See? It's nothing but skin," I smiled at Angie. "Try it ... Just a lick, that's all..."

He did it, tentatively at first, but after a couple minutes we were both licking Byron's chubby prick, smiling and even giggling as we did it. The boy relaxed and stopped yanking Angie's chain, so he could relax too, and we were actually having some fun with it.

"Kiss the head now," I urged Angie. "Close your eyes and just kiss it."

"Ewww!" The sissy made a face and giggled nervously.

"Pretend it's a frog," I told him. "See if you can turn him into a prince."

"Heh!" Angie looked up at Byron's grinning face. "I doubt it. He's a jerk!"

"Yeah," I agreed. "But his dick is kinda cute. Kiss it now ... With me ... We'll both kiss it."

After a few more minutes, I had Angie's lips sliding along the dark shaft like he'd been sucking cock for years ... er, well ... He wasn't scared of it anymore, put it that way. I stroked his soft, blonde hair, guiding the boy's head, working Angie's mouth up and down the swollen pole. I kept my face close to his, whispering words of encouragement, telling the fag he was doing really good for a first timer.

"Not too much," I whispered. "Nice and slow ... Use your hand too, that makes it really easy ... Boy's can't tell the difference anyway ... Stroke and smoke, yeah ... See?"

"That's not fair!" Marvin liked to complain and after the other two boys had cum, they were complaining as well.

"Why's he get two faggots sucking his dick?" one of them wondered, but we ignored them. Byron was getting close to cumming and that would be the moment of truth.

"You'd better tell us when you get close," I told the guy.

"Close?" Angie asked, pink-faced and breathless as he pulled off the boy's cock for a drink of air. "He's not gonna cum in my mouth ... Is he?"

"Well ... Yeah," I shrugged with a little smile. "It's okay. It tastes good. You're gonna like it a lot."

"It'll make your tits bigger!" Barbie offered, now that he'd finished giving his blowjob.

"Sperm's good for your skin too," Cindy told us seriously. "You should let him cum on your face."

"Shut-up!" Barbie rolled his eyes at the other boy.

"You do it," Angie said, sort of pleading with me. "Please?"

"You want him to cum in my mouth?"

"Yeah," he nodded. "I'm not ready for that. Please, Mattie?"

"Come on!" Byron pushed with his hips. "Don't stop now!"

"I don't know," I sighed, ignoring Byron's impatient whining. "You should try it."

"I know, but..." Angie frowned. "I just ... Ewww!" He squinched his eyes shut and shivered and that boy was a total girl!

"Yeah," I agreed. "Okay. But you owe me!"

"Okay!" Angie giggled, looking much relieved. "Thanks, Mattie!"

"Yeah, yeah..." I smiled at him, kinda wishing I was a real boy right then. I'd have fucked the sissy myself! "Keep sucking, just get him close and then I'll finish it for you."

So that's what we did and when Byron started breathing faster and getting on his tip-toes and babbling about his balls feeling like they were going to explode, I replaced Angie's mouth with mine. I bobbed my head quickly, using my tongue and sucking, bringing Byron off with a rush of bitter-sweet jism that I didn't swallow. I forced myself to hold all his cum in my mouth, or as much of it as I could anyway. Some of it spilled past my tight lips to trickle down my chin, but I kept most of the stuff right where it belonged.

"is he cumming?" Barbie wondered.

"Are you swallowing it, Mattie?" Cindy asked, and both of the two boys were giggling.

"Ummm..." I sort of groaned, pulling my mouth off Byron's dick and pursing my lips tight.

"What?" Angie blinked at me as I pulled the sissy close, covering his mouth with mine and he was so surprised, he didn't even pull back when I shoved my tongue ... and big wad of fresh semen ... into his mouth!

I kept kissing him too! I held him tight and kept my tongue inside Angie's mouth, swishing all that cum around just to make sure he got a real good taste. I refused to pull back, even when he pushed against me and slapped my bare shoulders. I tongue fucked the sissy like there was no tomorrow and he had no choice but to swallow finally. That was so awesome! Angie was swallowing his first load of black semen! And I was kissing him while he did it.

After that first hard swallow, the boy relaxed and started kissing me back. I think he realized it was too late and he might as well just enjoy himself, you know? Whatever was going through his little blonde brain, we were really making out then! His tongue chased mine into my mouth, mixing and sharing our semen flavored saliva. Our clamped nipples were rubbing against each other, which felt really intensely good for some reason, even though it hurt too. His sissy penis found my own throbbing dick through our thongs, and we were holding each other's butts and squeezing...

What an awesome kiss!

"Alright, knock it off you two!" Coach pulled me away from Angie. "You two fags can swap spit on the bus ... We're gonna play some volleyball!"

The boys on the bleachers really enjoyed that!
Chapter 13 »
Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 13
Chapter 12 Mail Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: 9/26/2009, 3:09:47 AM
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

"Have you thought about what you want to do, Mattie?" Mr. Reid ... Wally ... asked me with a smile. "I'm sure there are some interesting opportunities for you in Las Vegas."

"Hmmph!" I offered him a muffled laugh in reply, keeping his thick, black cock right where it belonged — Between my lips.

"Seriously," he sighed, pulling a lock of golden hair from my sapphire eyes. "You're a beautiful, young man. I think you'd do well in the, uh ... entertainment industry."

"Mwah!" I pulled my mouth off his cock with an elaborate gasp and breathless giggle. "I don't think my mom would understand."

"You're probably right about that," he chuckled, caressing my cheek with his hand and when it got close enough, I turned my face and drew his thumb into my mouth.

Mr. Reid liked prostitutes, as he was the first to admit. I wasn't sure if he offered the same advice to the other sissies in his charge, but he always liked to remind me of how successful I could be if I'd only start charging for what I liked to give away. Of course, prostitution was illegal in Seattle, so he liked to show me the odd brochures from Vegas that he'd gather during his frequent weekend getaways to Sin City.

"You're the best piece of ass in school," the large, black man told me with genuine regret in his voice. "I wish you weren't leaving us."

"You still have Kylie," I reminded him with a shrug, massaging his fat prick with both hands while we spoke. "And that new boy, the sophomore..."

"Randi," Mr. Reid smiled, "with an i."

"Yeah" I giggled. "Randi with an i. He's a little hottie."

"He is cute," the man agreed, pulling my head back down to his lap. "But you're the one I love, Mattie. Hmmm ... Suck it for me now ... Nice ... Like that, baby."

I opened for his cock once more, determined to give my high school guidance counselor one of the best blowjobs of his life. I held his heavy balls in one hand and stroked his dark shaft with the other, keeping my fist close to my mouth as I bobbed up and down. Slowly. Deliberately. Washing Mr. Reid's smooth cockhead with my tongue and then letting that soft muscle flutter beneath him as I opened my throat.

"Oh! Christ ... I don't know how you do that!" he breathed with real admiration. "You're the only sissy in school that can take my cock, you know that?"

"Ummphh..." I moaned, pulling off him, pink faced and drooling spit and precum from my chin.

I didn't bother trying to answer, I just went down again. My throat stretched easily around his hot meat and I shook my head, fighting to get that last inch as my nose found his pubic hair. I loved the sensation of my soft muscles rippling around the man's prick as I tried to swallow him completely. After nearly two years of worshipping black cock, I'd gotten very good at taking even the largest man balls deep. The best cocksucker in school, that was me. Better than any of the other fags. Better than any of the real girls too, but that wasn't saying much.

The sissy fags were much better at sex than any of the girls, mostly because we had no shame. We were all hopeless sluts and we didn't demand love in exchange for our sexual favors. We didn't even expect dinner and a movie, just a hard cock and a boy willing to use it. The girls could play their games and closet their virginity for a rainy day, pretending like they were too good for the backseat of Daddy's car ... But we knew better.

I knew better.

But with a week of school left and only three months until my eighteenth birthday, I just wasn't sure what to do with myself.

"College," Principal Jefferson Davis breathed, sliding his hands under my blouse and along my smooth, pale back.

"Ugh! Sloooow..." I whispered, wriggling my hips as the man pushed his huge black cock through the tight ring of my anus.

"The only place for a faggot like you, Mattie," he continued, finding my shoulders and getting a good grip. "I could ... Ugh!..." he grunted, pushing three solid inches of hard fuck pipe in my ass, " ... put in a good ... Ugh!..." another grunt as he stretched my tender rectum, " ... word for you ... Ugh!"

"Ohhh ... Uhm!" I let out the breath I'd been holding, feeling every inch of the principal's penis buried in my tight little hole.

"I don't know," I sighed, enjoying the calm before the storm as we both got used to the pleasant sensation. "I don't know if I'm that ... Ow!"

"Sorry," he chuckled, not sounding very sorry at all as he started working his prick back and forth.

"I'm not that smart," I continued, holding my chin in my hands with my elbows on the principal's desk.

"You're smarter than you think you are," he said seriously, breathing the words into my ear. "Beautiful as well, Mattie. You can do anything you want."

"I just want to fuck," I said, offering him a happy-go-lucky smile over my shoulder.

"That can be arranged," Mr. Davis agreed, leaning his large body over mine as he began to pump my boy pussy nice and hard, just the way I liked it.

I loved his cock, perhaps more than anyone else's, I wasn't sure. At that moment though ... Yeah. Principal Davis was my favorite fuck in the whole school and I'd ridden his fat prick a hundred times. At least once a week for two years, usually two or three times a week, and I knew I was his favorite as well. The man loved fucking me and it had made my life a lot easier, believe me! I could miss classes, even skip entire days without worry. My grades were outstanding, although I did have a real fear of putting my education to any sort of test. My SAT scores hadn't been anything to brag about, but after Principal Davis had arranged a private lunch between myself and the very handsome — and horny — gentleman responsible for such things ... I could get into any college I wanted.

Yeah, Principal Davis had always taken care of me and I'd taken care of his cock. I was going to miss him a lot, I thought, and so I stopped playing the bored bitch and gave him the serious fuck he deserved. I pushed myself back to meet his thrusts, squeezing my ass muscles the way I'd practiced over the years. I could bring a man off without moving, just by contracting the walls of my asshole, massaging a nice, hard penis with deep spasms of pleasure. It felt very good for both of us and he was soon grunting hard, slamming his huge black cock into my bowels to kiss my prostate and make it even better.

I turned my head as I felt my orgasm rising. I reached for him, twisting my arm awkwardly and pulling the principal's mouth to mine. I kissed him passionately, not faking it the way I sometimes did with other men. I surrendered as I felt my sissy dick spilling hot cum inside my panties. He could always make me cum like that and I moaned with gratitude while I nursed eagerly on his tongue. A few moments later he joined me, Principal Davis groaning with the effort of dumping one more load of hot man cum into my quivering, sissy cunt.

"You could get a two year degree," he said, still inside me. Still hard as we caught our breath.

"And do what?" I wondered.

"Get a teacher's certificate," he told me with a smile. "All you need is an associates, then a year to get qualified..."

"So in three years..."

"I'll give you a job," he nodded. "You'll come back here and teach. Math, English..."

"Phaggot Education?" I giggled.

" ... anything you want ... well, I don't think Coach Bailey will give up that class," Mr. Davis chuckled. "But he wouldn't mind seeing you walking the halls again either."

"I know," I stuck my tongue at him. "He asked me to marry him."

"Really?" The Principal blinked at me and it wasn't often something caught him by surprise.

"I think he was just teasing me," I giggled again.

"Think about it, Mattie," he told me seriously. "The teaching idea. It doesn't pay much, but there are a lot of other, uh ... benefits."

"Like two hundred horny teenage boys?" I asked with a roll of my eyes.

"And a dozen horny men," he agreed with a chuckle. "The faculty meetings would be so much more fun with you in them."

"And your secretary would kill you," I laughed, wriggling my ass invitingly. "Are you going to pull out so I can clean you off ... or do you want to fuck me again?"

"Ummm ... Yes!" The principal grinned at me, giving his hips a push and we were definitely going to fuck at least once more before lunch was over.

"My dad wants to know when you're coming over again," Randi's bright blue eyes were full of humor. "He's so mellowed out now, it's unreal."

"Cool," I smiled at his reflection as we stood side-by-side in the sissies' bathroom. "I told you, he just needed to get used to the idea."

"Hey, Mattie!" Kylie pushed in with Angie Hutchins and Lisa Taylor giggling close behind. He gave Randi a frosty look, a catty one too, and the little blonde sophomore returned it.

I just sighed. Kylie, who used to be Kyle before he changed his name, was my best friend. The hottest transsexual in school too, except maybe for me. It sorta depended on who you asked, but we weren't competing for anything anyway, at least not with each other and especially not with only a week of school left. I'd be graduating and he'd go on summer vacation, coming back in the fall for his senior year. Randi would have his hands full then and there wasn't anything I could about it.

He was my protégé ... Randi, I mean ... and I'd taken the sophomore under my wing, sorta. Much like Heather had with me the year before. Some of the black cheerleaders were still around, but some had graduated and some had moved with their families, or transferred to other schools. The school had belonged to them the year previously, but now the white transsexuals ruled. Kylie, Angie, Lisa, and a few others, and myself, of course. We had our boytoys, but not like the black transsexuals had dominated us. We liked our boyfriends big and strong and black. They could pretend to be in charge, we didn't mind, it was a lot easier playing the slut and more rewarding too, in my opinion.

"What did JD want?" Kylie asked me, opening his purse and digging for his comb.

"The usual," I giggled. "Nah ... He wants me to be a teacher."

"A teacher?" Lisa smiled at that, leaning close to mirror and fixing his lipstick, kind of a pale pink and that suited the boy's pale complexion.

"Yeah," I shrugged, repairing my own lipstick with some seriously red gloss.

"Are you going to do it?" Randi wondered and mostly he was just waiting on me. That boy had a pretty face and he didn't need much for makeup at all. None of us did really, but it was fun to play with.

"If I do, it'll take three years or something," I smiled at him, seeing the disappointment in his eyes. "I won't be teaching you."

"That sucks," he frowned. "I thought you meant like ... next year or something."

"You're so dumb, Randi," Kylie snorted. "Who knows, you might still be here three years from now."

"Shut-up!" the other boy stuck his tongue out.

"When they were handing out brains, Randi thought they said trains," Angie giggled.

"And you thought they said stains," I interrupted him, pointing at his cheer sweater. "What's that? Mayonnaise?"

"Huh?" He looked down. "Oh! Shoot! That jerk!"

"Angie had a sperm sandwich for lunch!" Lisa laughed. "With extra salami!"

"Who?" Randi asked, narrowing his eyes at the boy.

"That Brandon guy," Angie said, taking off his sweater so he could wash the semen out of it. It was a big stain and the cheerleaders wore royal blue tops, so it was obvious too!

"Is his dick as big as he thinks it is?" I asked him with a curious smile, putting my lip gloss away and waiting for Kylie to finish combing his platinum blonde hair so I could use his comb.

"Bigger!" Angie giggled.

"Like ten inches," Lisa nodded. "That's what I heard."

"From who?" Randi asked.

"From Kylie!" Lisa giggled and we all looked at my best friend. He just smiled and shrugged.

"Nobody's got a ten inch cock," I decided, stealing the comb from Kylie's fingers.

"Hey!" he pouted at me and that was a real ball-busting look, believe me! A lot of boys hurt themselves when Kyle gave them a pout, grown men too and the little faggot terrorized the mall. I was sorta almost immune to it by then, though. We'd been friends for two years.

"Some guys have more than ten," Lisa said and I rolled my eyes. He was such a size queen! But maybe we were all were.

"Brandon's got ten for sure," Angie giggled. "My butt hurts!"

"Yeah?" I grinned at him. "Let me see..."

"No! Hey! Mattie!" the boy twisted his hips, but he was giggling as I flipped up his gold cheer skirt and he didn't bother with cheer shorts. None of the transsexual cheerleaders did.

"Hold still," I said, spanking his smooth thigh and pushing Angie's legs apart. "God! Don't you use a pad or anything?"

"Huh?" He looked over his shoulder at me.

"Gross!" Randi laughed. "Your panties are soaked!"

"Duh!" Angie rolled his eyes. "I like it that way. Sex is supposed to be messy."

"Duh!" Randi shot back. "But you don't have to sit on the wet spot all day!"

"Why not?" Lisa giggled. "Shauna does it all the time!"

"Yeah," Kylie nodded. "But that's his own cum, not someone else's!"

"You did get drilled, huh?" I asked, having pulled down Angie's cummy panties and spread his firm little ass with my thumbs. The boy's asshole was raw and puffy, almost turned inside out and dribbling whitish semen even as he stood there.

"Ewww!" Randi made a face and I figured it was about time to teach that boy a lesson. It had been a few days and I didn't have a lot of time left.

"Get down here, faggot..." I reached for his arm, yanking the smallish sophomore to his knees.

"What? Mattie!" He blinked at me, but didn't try to say no or anything. Randi never did and maybe that's why I liked him so much. He was even more submissive than I'd been at first.

"Get your face in there," I told him, pushing on the back of his head until Randi's nose was buried between Angie's butt cheeks.

"Oh yeah!" Kylie laughed and I knew he'd enjoy this. "Cream pie for Randi!"

"Ohhhh..." Angie wriggled his ass, making happy faces at the mirror as Randi started licking the boy's well-fucked pussy. "Ummm ... That feels good! Get your tongue inside! Yeahhhh..."

"You're so bad!" Lisa sighed, smiling at me as I pulled up my own pleated cheer skirt. "I wanna be you when I grow up, Mattie!"

"Shut-up!" I laughed at him, pulling my panties to the side and exposing my erection. I only had about a five inch dick, I'll admit, and it wasn't very thick or anything, but I was a faggot cocksucker anyway and I didn't really need one. The guys I liked weren't the sort of men who would go down on a sissy.

"Mummph!" Randi offered us a muffled gasp as I shoved my cock up his ass with one, quick thrust of my hips.

I had him bent over at the waist, sucking sperm out of Angie's rectum, and so forking the boy just seemed like the thing to do. Randi had a nice cunt anyway, still tight enough that even a little sissy prick like mine could enjoy fucking him ... and I did. I pumped him with fast, short strokes and this wasn't the first time he'd let me have his ass. That had been almost eight months before, when Randy had asked me out on our first and only date.

It had taken me about ten minutes to figure out the boy was a total faggot, and I'd had my suspicions anyway. He'd been way too pretty not to be cock bait and even though I have a serious thing for large, black dick, the chance to break in a sissy had been too good to pass up. I'd fucked his mouth, which Randy hadn't liked at all, and then I'd fucked his virgin ass. The boy had liked that even less, or so he'd claimed. I guess you could say I'd raped him, but by the time the night was over little Randi was wearing my panties and sucking my cock like the faggot he was.

Now I had Randi wrapped around my dick again, grinding his sexy boy pussy against my prick while our friends watched and giggled. He was making wet, muffled, begging for more noises and it seemed like music to my ears as I dug my fingers into his hips, pumping the boy's hot rectum eagerly. It almost made me wish that I had one of those mythical ten inch dicks, you know? Just so I could punch the boy's g-spot with my prick, kiss his prostate and make him cry ... just once.

Yeah, I was definitely going to miss high school a lot, I decided.

"Hi, Daddy!" I said brightly, determined as always to be in the best mood possible when I was around him.

I sort of acted like a little girl, much more so than I usually did for anyone else, but I thought he liked that. My dad was paralyzed after having a stroke. He couldn't really do much but sit in his chair and growl every now and again. The doctors thought he might have suffered some brain damage too, but I refused to believe that! He still had real intelligence in his eyes, even if his body wouldn't let him show it. He was still thinking, still feeling, and still the man of the house and my mom and I treated him like a king!

So, I kind of bounced into the room, wearing my own cheerleading outfit, all blue and gold. It showed off my body nicely anyway and I think Daddy was proud of me. I had a pretty awesome body, for a being a boy, and I'd never had to take hormones or anything. I didn't have any tits, true, my chest was flat as a board, but my dick still got hard anyway. And besides, my nipples were pretty plump, nice puffy ones with fat nipples just because it seemed like someone was always biting me there, or sucking and chewing, or just plain old pinching me. You know how it goes.

"I missed you!" I said, even though I'd seen him that morning before school. "Did you miss me, Daddy?"

He growled and I giggled, sitting sideways on his lap with my arms around his neck. He wore his uniform, like he usually did, even though the Marines had retired him with more than a full pension. Having a lot of medals, including a Navy Cross, two Silver Stars, and a bunch of other ones, made him an important man and I'd never really appreciated that before, but now I did. I squirmed a little, getting comfortable, and I liked to tell him about my day because I knew it had to be boring just sitting around the house all the time.

" ... so then, while I was sucking off Willis, these two other guys showed up!" I giggled. "Derek and Peter, and they're both so cute. Really black too, you know? Like they just got off the boat from Africa and anyway, so Derek's fucked me before and when he saw my butt in the air ... Pow! I about hit the roof because I was so surprised!"

Daddy growled and I wriggled a little more.

"Ohhhh ... Somebody's getting excited!" I teased him with a little tongue. "Here ... Let me take care of that for you, Daddy! It must be really uncomfortable, huh?"

I slipped off his lap and onto the floor, reaching for the tent in his uniform trousers and unzipping them.

"You should have said something sooner, Daddy!" I sighed. "I'm not a mind reader, you know! Oh my! You're really excited today!"

I pulled out his penis, a very thick eight inches of rock solid Marine, and used both hands to stroke it slowly.

"Do you want to fuck me today, Daddy?" I asked him. "Or do you just want me to suck it?"

He growled.

"Just tell me, Daddy," I said, gently encouraging the man and trying to motivate him into speaking. The doctors didn't think he'd ever talk again, but what do they know?

My dad had once gone into a cave in Afghanistan, chasing down Taliban Guerilla guys, and when he didn't come back out after an hour, they said he never would. When he didn't come out after a day, they said my daddy was dead. After three days, they wrote a letter to my mom, she still has it. But a week later, my daddy came out of a hole on the other side of the mountain, a hole he'd had to dig himself, by the way, dragging twenty-three Taliban prisoners of war behind him.

If anyone could ever talk again, it would be my dad! He just needed some incentive.

"Come on..." I sang softly, leaning close and blowing across the head of his dick. "I bet you want a blowjob again, huh? Just tell me, Daddy. Just say, 'Suck my dick!' and I'll give you the best hummer of your life, Daddy. I promise. Way better than those fags in Bangkok can do it!"

He growled again.

"Oh!" I giggled, talking like a little girl. "You want to fuck my tight little butt, Daddy? But you're thing is so big! Won't it hurt? I'm not very big down there, Daddy!"

He only growled and I sighed.

"It's okay, Daddy," I said, giving him a kiss on the cheek. "I know you're trying. I'll give you a nice fuck, okay? Just be gentle, you big Marine!"

I took off my panties, but left my skirt on, and straddled my dad's lap facing him. I rolled my eyes and giggled as I reached down to find his steely prick and guide him to my hungry boy pussy. I always liked fucking him, even if he couldn't move or anything. I know it sounds sorta bad, but it seemed a lot like fucking a really awesome dildo! A nice, hard, hot one that could really cum at the end. I loved making Daddy cum and he always had a lot of ball juice! Mom fucked him too, but only on special occasions, you know, like his birthday and their anniversary. She loved him, but even though Mom's a nurse, she was one of those people who get uncomfortable being intimate with disabled persons.

It's hard to blame someone for that and Mom did try, believe me. I think she envied how much closer Daddy and I had grown after his stroke. She liked it and really encouraged me to take care of his needs. His sexual needs, I mean. Daddy had a nurse who took care of all the other ones. His name was Eric and that man was smokin' hot too! Big and black and handsome, with a monster cock and, unfortunately for me, a thirteen year old girlfriend named Polly. I called her 'The Parrot' just because I didn't like her very much. I was kinda jealous, but Eric was going to dump the little whore soon anyway because she was getting too old for him.

See, the really weird thing about Eric is that he's a total pedophile! Mom didn't know when she hired him, but the truth always comes out and when we met Polly, who'd been all of eleven-years-old at the time, it wasn't too hard to figure out what was going on! That's the problem with the perfect man though, they never are! I could have been seriously in love with the guy. I could have even overlooked the fact that he had a little white girlfriend ... But it's hard to ignore the sad truth that Eric couldn't really get off in bed with anyone but a kid.

So ... He broke my heart and I kinda hated the pervert. But we still fucked like rabbits!

"Hi, Mattie," Eric smiled at me as he walked into the den carrying Daddy's dinner on a tray.

"Hu-uh-he-ey!" I hiccupped as I bounced up and down on Daddy's cock, holding his shoulders and biting my lips. We were really going at it hard and Daddy was rocking my world!

"I got us a movie to watch later," Eric said. "I think your dad will like it."

"Uh-oh-ye-eah?" I nodded.

"It's called Marine Booty Camp!" Eric told me with a chuckle, pronouncing it 'boo-tay' like it was the French word for butt or whatever.

"Uh-hu-uh!" I giggled breathlessly, pushing my ass down hard and then giving Daddy's fat prick a real grind.

"Anyway, I got your dinner ready too," Eric told me, grabbing at the bulge in his crotch and smiling. "Whenever you're hungry for it."

"Hmmm..." I grinned back at him. "I'll eat while we watch the movie. Let me finish taking care of Daddy first. I think he's getting close now."

"Take your time, Mattie," he chuckled, taking a seat on the sofa. "Pull up the back of your skirt though. Let me see that gorgeous ass of yours eat some dick."

"Heh!" I pursed my lips at the man and reached back to pull my pleated skirt out of the way.

I leaned forward too, sort of twisting my body around my dad so my heart-shaped butt was right there as I started riding Daddy's cock again. My own hard little dick flopped around, slapping at my tummy and thighs as I moved. My shaved balls bounced of Daddy's lap every time I pushed my ass down on his loving penis. I really wished he'd grab my hips and give me some push-pull action, you know? But I didn't mind doing all the work and I could go as fast or slow as I wanted, he wasn't gonna complain!

And hard? Oh my God! Nobody had a harder cock than my Daddy! Probably because he was a Marine, but it could have been because of all the Viagra I fed him every morning with his other vitamins. I figured he was getting sort of old, over forty already, and so he'd appreciate a little something extra. I know I did! I loved those little blue pills and when Daddy's long penis found the pillow of prostate, I gasped and arched my back, keeping him right there for a nice long grind while I squeezed my butt muscles hard! I clamped down on the man, grunting with the effort and then yanking myself back up slowly.

That really made Daddy growl as it must have felt like I was trying to pull his dick right off!

It was a good trick and it made a lot of boys cum quick, believe me! But my daddy wasn't any sort of boy, he was all man and I was hot and sweaty, panting for air and about to spill fag juice all over Daddy's medals by the time he finally let loose with the first jet of incestuous seed deep inside my cock hungry ass! I kept fucking him too! No way was I gonna stop! My butt went into milking mode! Well, that's what one guy called it, I just called it ecstasy. My asshole quivered and my whole body tingled as I felt Daddy's sperm filling me up. I rocked his cock until I felt his spasms growing weaker and then finally stopping as his orgasm faded.

"Wow!" I giggled, breathing hard and licking my lips. "You fucked me good that time, Daddy! Thank you!"

I kissed his mouth, hearing him growl softly, deep down in his throat and I knew he was happy that he could spoil his little girl ... sorta.

"Oh look, Daddy!" I giggled. "Is that what it was like when you were in booty camp?"

We were watching the movie Eric had brought with him and it was a pretty good one. My favorite scene was the one where the Sergeant catches one of his soldiers wearing a camouflage negligee and jerking off with a dildo up his butt! He was very pretty and I wondered if Victoria's Secret sold camouflage camisoles. Heh! Wouldn't that be cool? Anyway, the Sergeant quickly pulls out his enormous black cock and shoves it into the pretty private's mouth!

"That's a serious spit shine!" I laughed, reaching for more popcorn while I jerked Eric off.

I was sort of lying on my side between his spread legs on the sofa, with my head on his stomach. Eric stroked my hair with one hand and fingered my still spermy ass with the other. That was nice too, having a seriously squishy boy pussy for him to play with. I'd sucked his dick for awhile, but mostly I wanted to watch the movie because that sergeant really had a great penis! The private had a nice one too, except it was white and a lot smaller, of course.

"Ow! Bayonet practice!" I gasped, staring at the big screen, hi-def television as the sergeant drove his monster cock into the private's way too small butt!

He'd fuck the faggot for a minute or so and then pull his dick all the way out, spreading that rude, raw fuckhole with his thumbs. He'd spit in it too, the sergeant would, drooling big wads of saliva into the private's pussy asshole, and then stab his prick balls deep again! You could see the pain on the boy's face, and of course he yelped loudly as well, but it was that look that made my balls get tight and sissy clit throb happily. A genuine mix of pain and pleasure filled his eyes and when the sergeant leaned down to shove his tongue in the fag's mouth, he moaned like a bitch in heat.

"God! I wish that was me," I sighed and looked at my dad. "Is that really what it's like, Daddy? Do the sergeants all have huge dicks? Do they fuck the privates all day long?"

"Heh!" Eric laughed at me. "You shouldn't tease him like that, Mattie."

"I know," I nodded. "Daddy probably misses all that fun. He was a colonel, you know. I bet my dad fucked a hundred fags. Thousands maybe, and a lot prettier than that one too."

"Could be," Eric shrugged, but he sounded sort of doubtful.

"Poor Daddy," I sighed again, shifting to get more comfortable as Eric pushed my face towards his swollen cock.

Mom came home about the time I was on my back with my head hanging over the edge of the sofa. Eric was fucking my mouth and he had a straight shot down my throat like that. I didn't mind and I kind of liked the way his low hanging balls would slide across my forehead and cover my eyes and then rest on my upturned nose. He'd fuck my throat for a few minutes and then pull out, giving me a chance to catch my breath and maybe rim his asshole a little. Eric liked that a lot, so he'd sorta scoot forward and I'd tongue his balls and then his ass, tasting man musk and sweat, smelling his generous, masculine odor and savoring it.

I'd lap at his tight, virgin sphincter and tickle it with my tongue, trying to work my way inside his asshole with it. But Eric hadn't ever been fucked in his life, not that way at least, so he was pretty tight and at the most I'd just barely get the tip of my tongue inside. That was okay and I'm sure Daddy enjoyed watching his faggot son eat a black man's anus for dinner. Eric's cock would be my dessert, especially that hot, creamy filling I loved so much! Eric's semen tasted sort of salty-sweet, not bitter at all, and I could've drank a big glass of that stuff easy. And I've chugged down a big glass of sperm before, a couple of them, so I know what I'm talking about too!

"Oh! Hello Matty ... Eric..." Mom smiled at us as she walked into the room to give her husband a kiss. "What are you guys watching?"

"Mmmph!" I answered, but I had my mouth full of black scrotum about then, so...

"Marine Booty Camp," Eric told her. "It's like a documentary."

"That's nice," Mom nodded. "The Colonel does love his war movies."

"This one's almost over," Eric said. "We're going to watch Hard Corps Sissies next. It was a two-for-one deal."

"I see!" Mom giggled, blinking as she noticed the big gangbang scene that ended the movie. Six black sergeants were fucking one pretty private, another white boy, but he wasn't as pretty as the other one.

"Ummphh..." I shook my mouth free of Eric's balls and took a deep breath of cool air. "Are you gonna ... watch it with us ... Mom?" I panted and she shook her head.

"No," she told me. "One of my friends is down with the flu or something. I think I'll just change clothes and pay her a little visit."

"Maybe bring her some soup," I suggested and Mom smiled.

"Yeah," she agreed. "That's a good idea. Anyway, don't wait up for me ... I think I might spend the night with him ... er, with her, I mean."

"I know," I nodded, or tried to anyway. Eric's heavy prick was sort of covering my face.

"You boys have fun watching your movies," she said. "And don't keep your father up too late, Mattie. Did you already, um..."

"I took care of him, Mom," I told her. "He feels a lot better now."

"Good," she sighed, taking a last look around before going upstairs to change out of her uniform.

I knew she didn't have a sick friend, but I played along. My mom wasn't very old, being a very attractive 36 at that time. All my friends thought she was hot and they called her "Miss MILF" when they came over, which made my mom laugh and roll her eyes. And she had needs like any healthy woman does, you know. Needs that my dad couldn't satisfy, obviously, but she wasn't going to leave him just because she needed a good, hard fuck every now and again. So she made up excuses and spent the night with one of her boyfriends. But Mom always came back to Daddy and she loved him, just not in that one way ... But that's why she had me, right? So it all worked out pretty good and I didn't even think about it as I went back to work sucking Eric's beautiful black cock.

And I'll tell you, the whole point of all this explanation is what happened that night. After Daddy was safely tucked in his bed, and Mom was out visiting her imaginary sick friend, and Eric had left for home so he could bone his junior high school girlfriend ... I was laying in bed wondering what I was going to do with my life.

I wanted to do something. I mean, I wanted whatever I did to have some meaning. Some importance, you know? I didn't want to go to college or whatever and not know why, that would be like not making any decision at all. I was going to turn eighteen in a few months and I wanted to know what I wanted ... I just didn't know how to do that.

A lot of people had been giving me advice. Just about everyone I knew, really. Most of it serious, some of it silly. But everyone had something to say about my future and what I should be doing with it. Except for one person. The most important person in any young man's life, even a sissy cocksucker like me. My dad. He hadn't said a word about what I should do, but only because he couldn't, I figured. Like, if Daddy could talk, what would he say? That's what I was wondering as I lay in bed, fingering my boy cunt and feeling my dick twitch and my balls tingle.

What would Daddy tell me to do? My big, brave, strong Daddy. The one who had won all those medals, saved all those lives, and taken a bunch more lives in the process. What would he want to see me do with my life? That was the question and I thought I knew. At first it frightened me, the way any big decision will when you're all alone in the dark. It terrified me for a moment, but the more I thought about it, the more I knew it was the right choice. I knew what I could do to make my father proud and it wasn't being a shemale hooker in Vegas, although that would be kinda fun.
Continues...
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Next Page »
Home Top Bookmark Next « Index T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » T.S.Severe » Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders » Chapter 13
Chapter 12 Mail Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: 9/26/2009, 3:09:47 AM
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next
Continuation...

No. I had a much better idea ... I'd join the Marines!

"Hi!" I smiled brightly at the uniformed Marine sitting in the recruiting office downtown and he smiled back.

"Hello there!" he said, looking me up and down slowly.

I'd dressed extra nice for the occasion, so I didn't mind the way he checked me out. I wore a short red mini-skirt and some thigh-high stockings, white ones to go with my sheer white blouse. I had a red lace bra under that, covering my flat chest and puffy nipples. Some three inch heels and a perfectly made up face completed the picture of a very attractive teenage girl and I posed for a moment, pulling some long, golden hair out of my dark blue eyes just for him.

"What can I do for you today?" he wondered.

"I'm looking for a few good men!" I said with a giggle, just because I couldn't help it.

He blinked at that and then smiled extra big.

"No! I'm kidding!" I said, scrunching my nose playfully. "Actually, I want to join the Marines. Can you help me do that?"

"Uhhh..." That seemed to surprise him for some reason, but why else would someone come into his office?

"I don't have to get a tattoo or anything though ... Do I?" I asked him. "I already have one and that's enough for me, you know?"

"A tattoo?" He blinked at me and I'd only asked because my dad had tattoos and this Marine had a tattoo on his forearm. "What ... Where's your tattoo?"

"Oh! Mine?" I giggled again. "It's a little spade right down, um..." I glanced at my skirt, " ... well, it's down there."

"Hmmm..." He nodded, staring at the spot on my skirt where my thighs would be coming together beneath it. I'm sure he was trying to imagine a sexy, blonde pussy and not my sexy, pink dick, but I'd tucked it away in my panties nice and tight anyway, so he didn't have a clue and I wasn't gonna spoil the surprise.

"I was sorta black owned for awhile," I explained. "But I'm free now! So, um ... Where do I sign?"

"Black owned?" This guy just kept blinking at me and I glanced around, wondering if there might not be someone a little less confused to help me.

"I like black cock," I nodded. "A lot. Is that going to be okay for you guys?"

"Uhhh..."

"Maybe I should talk to someone else," I said. "Is there a sergeant around here? Like a big, black one? With kind of a bald head? I was watching this movie last night with my daddy and..."

"What? Wait ... Um ... You want to join the Marines?" he asked me.

"Well..." I smiled slowly, " ... Duh!"

"The United States Marines," the man said. "You know what we do, right?"

"Storm the beach, kill everybody, and go have a beer," I shrugged. Everybody knows that!

"Heh!" he grinned at me for a second.

"Why?" I narrowed my eyes suspiciously. "Do you guys do something else now?"

"Noooo..." he said slowly. "That's, uh ... That's what we do alright."

"Great!" I smiled happily. "Then what are we waiting for?"

"How old are you?" he asked me, looking around like there might be someone hiding behind one of the plastic plants. "Are you in college? Is this some sort of sorority prank?"

"College?" I shook my head. "I'm seventeen. I'm gonna graduate high school next Friday."

"Oh." He looked surprised by that for some reason. "Well, if you're seventeen you'll need permission from your parents and..."

He was smiling like there was no way any parents were going to let a sexy airhead slut of a blonde daughter like me join the Marines!

"No problemo!" I giggled. "My dad's all for it, believe me! And my mom will do anything to make him happy!"

"Really?" He tilted his head and I nodded.

"Yeah," I shrugged. "My dad's a colonel. Jack Turner? Do you know him?"

"Colonel Jack Turner?" The Marine's eyes got big. "Mad Jack Turner? He's your dad?"

"Yeah!" I smiled. "You know him, huh?"

"Know him? Everybody knows him! Colonel Turner saved my platoon in Botswana three years ago!"

"He did?"

"We were pinned down by some artillery. They were just raining steel on our asses! Guys getting blown up left and right. People screaming. Guts flying..." the man nodded sincerely, " ... I thought I was a goner!"

"What happened?"

"All of a sudden this humvee came out of the treeline, all shot up to hell. There was holes all over it, smoke and flames. The gunner was dead, hell ... everybody in that thing was dead, except the driver."

"My dad?"

"Mad Jack himself!" he agreed. "He was driving a hundred miles an hour, zig-zagging through a minefield, dodging that artillery, hanging out the window firing a big M-60 with hand, steering and shifting with the other."

"Wow!"

"He came up, screeching to a stop and yelling for us to get the wounded inside. We threw a dozen guys in the back, just piled 'em up, and climbed in ourselves, me and the sarge, and then he takes off like a bat out of hell."

"Taking you guys to safety, huh?" I smiled. "That's my dad!"

"Safety?" the guy snorted. "He drove us into the hills, into the front lines to find that artillery battery. Your dad was pissed! He charged through mines and barbed wire, dodged a couple anti-tank rockets, took out a machine gun nest with the front bumper, and drove into the artillery, guns blazing!"

"He did?"

"Wiped out a whole battery of howitzers," the man said. "Ripped a bloody gap through the front a mile wide and didn't look back. Three days later the war was over. We just mopped the bastards up after your old man was through with 'em!"

"Huh!" I nodded happily at the guy's story.

"Scared the piss out of me that day!" He shivered at the memory. "I was ready to kill the sonuvabitch myself, but after it was over, the colonel put a hand on my shoulder, gave me a grin, and said, 'I'm buyin' the first ten rounds!' ... He got me so drunk, I called up my sister in Albuquerque and told her about how I used to jerk off in face cream."

"That's my dad," I sighed proudly.

"I didn't wanna die with that on my conscience, you know?" The young man looked me right in the eye. "Your dad, the colonel, told me a Marine can't live with even one regret..."

" ... Or he'll end up dying with it," I finished for him.

"Yep, that's what the colonel said alright," he agreed. "The last time I saw Mad Jack Turner, he was trying to get drunk enough to call his boy."

"What?" I stared at the guy.

"Huh? Oh," he shrugged. "I mean, after the colonel talked me into calling my sister, he told me he wished someone would talk him into calling his son."

"Why?"

"I dunno," he said. "He's the bravest man I ever even heard of, but he was scared to tell his boy something."

"Hmmm..." I frowned at that.

"So, hey! How's your brother anyway?" the Marine asked me with real enthusiasm. "We'd sure like to get him signed up! He must be a real chip off the ol' block, huh?"

"My brother?"

"The colonel's son," he nodded. "If you're Mad Jack's daughter, then..."

"Oh!" I nodded and cleared my throat. "Yeah ... I, uh ... I am his son. There's, uh ... just me."

"You're gonna do what?" Stacy blinked her dark brown eyes at me.

The black transsexual cheerleader had been my first girlfriend, kinda, but then she'd traded me to Heather because I was such a girly fag. We still got along okay though; it had been a friendly sort of breakup. Heather had graduated the year before and so had Kevin, the boyfriend I'd been traded for ... So Stacy and me had sort of hooked up again, which would explain why I was on my knees in the girls' locker room choking down her fat, black dick. It was sort of traditional.

Wendy's family had moved to Israel because they were Jewish and their immigration paperwork had finally been approved. She said it was pretty cool being the only black girl in her new school because all those Jewish kids were serious Momma's Boys and she really had her hands full teaching them how to worship her cock. Anyway, Wendy had been Kylie's girlfriend, and so my best friend had ended up with Paula again, since Josh had graduated. She was another black cheerleader and her cock wasn't quite so big as Stacy's maybe, but Kylie was a small boy anyway. Her penis looked huge as it slid in and out of Kylie's pink lips!

Of the rest of our friends, Veronica had graduated as well, going to WSU and majoring in straight guys. She's dropped me an email saying that she'd turned seventeen guys queer over the first semester, but that sounded like a lot to me. Rita's parents had sent her to an all girls catholic school and we'd heard she'd knocked up like five girls the first month Rita was there. Karen was still a cheerleader and still fucking Jimmy ... Right next to me, as a matter of fact, and I figured they were gonna get married someday. Jimmy had already gotten an engagement ring and he wore it through his scrotum.

Brad, Dave, and Matt were all seniors like me and they were all about the same. Dave and Kylie had sort of a thing going, but Dave's boyfriend, Jamal, was kind of a jealous sort of guy, so ... you know. He had a pierced cock, Dave did, and Jamal kept him on a leash usually. The principal understood and since Jamal was the star of the basketball team, Mr. Davis had made sure the two boys had the same class schedule and everything.

Brad had been sort of adopted by his older brother's fraternity and lived on campus at the university as a sissy maid, but he still had to come to school and everything. He was cute, but definitely a transvestite, not a transsexual, and nobody really gave him a hard time about going to classes in a French maid uniform or anything. You should see his yearbook picture! It's nice.

Matt had a real girlfriend, a white chick named Sheila, but she loved black dick just as much as Matt. Her parents owned an adult bookstore, so they spent most of their time there, hanging out in the video booths and sucking guys off for video tokens. They were happy anyway and planning for a June wedding after they graduated, right there at the bookstore too, since they'd be on their knees anyway and the priest was a regular customer.

Anyway...

"You're gonna do what?" Stacy repeated, pulling her dick out of my mouth with a loud, wet plop and smacking my tongue with it.

"Ointh eh Marinth," I said with a shrug and then I caught her cock with my fist. "Join the Marines. I have to take a test this afternoon after school and then get my physical next Wednesday."

"Why?" Paula stared at me and Kylie had pulled his mouth off her dick just so he could stare at me as well.

"Say what?" Karen blinked at me, sorta frozen with seven inches of steaming black pipe buried between Jimmy's pale butt cheeks.

"My dad was a Marine," I said, looking around at my friends. "I want to make him happy."

"You're crazy, Mattie!" Kylie frowned, still stroking Paula's cock and licking his lips. "I thought we were gonna pick a college!"

"I know," I gave him a pained look because we had sorta planned on going to college together, but... "He's my Daddy!"

"You're a fag though!" Jimmy said and I rolled his eyes at the boy.

SLAP! "Shut-up and fuck my dick!" Karen slapped his ass and Jimmy winced, being a total pussy like he was. At least some things hadn't changed.

A lot of other things had though and that's the way life goes and even more at Hathaway High than anyplace else. I mean, the school had three separate bathrooms, you know? Boys, Girls, and Shemales ... although technically, most of the shemales were really just pre-op transsexuals. Girls born in boy bodies, you know? Or so they claimed and that's what Kylie claimed to be. His parents were sending him to Sweden over the summer and when he came back for his senior year, he'd have a real pussy and everything. Kylie had promised me that I could be the first one to fuck it, you know, break his cherry or whatever, so that was cool.

I sorta liked his pretty little dick though and I thought the boy was making a mistake, but being his best friend and all, I tried to be really supportive. I hoped those doctors knew what they were doing and gave him a really pretty pussy, but I didn't think it could ever be as pretty as Kylie's asshole. He had a seriously sexy boy cunt and knew how to rock a cock with it, believe me! Getting another fuckhole seemed like a waste of money, I thought, but Kylie was all excited about being able to fuck two boys at the same time, three if he used his mouth, so ... It was hard not to be happy for him.

Anyway, so my school had three bathrooms and three different locker rooms, and a separate gym class just for sissies. They liked to call it Phaggot Education and mostly it was just an excuse to get all the girly fags in thongs and nipple clamps, stretching and jumping around in the gym for all the normal, straight boys to admire. It was just a big tease really, but every day Coach Bailey would pick a couple girls, the ones he thought weren't trying hard enough, to suck off a few of the boys ... A lot of us didn't try very hard, as you can imagine! I'd rather suck a nice hard dick than play volleyball any day of the week and that was an opinion shared by most of my classmates! Not to mention the boys, of course. Phaggot Education was the most popular class in school.

On this particular day, I'd decided to play tomboy. Sometimes I looked like a total girl and that was fun. Nobody could tell I had a dick, believe me! Other times I liked to be a boy, a pretty one, but definitely a guy and a lot of the girls at school liked me a lot then. I had a couple girlfriends, hot ones too! And we'd make out and stuff, I'd even fuck them sometimes, but mostly in the ass. Putting my dick inside a real pussy felt kind of weird and I wasn't that big in the dick department anyway, you know, so bending a hot chick over, like Monica Branson, and stretching her tight little ass was always special.

She was probably the hottest chick in school, at least the hottest one without a dick. She'd been the Homecoming Queen and the Prom Queen, Senior Class President, and the star of the school's morning television show. Everybody loved Monica, with her auburn hair, hazel eyes, and killer body ... And I fucked her in the ass three or four times every week. Life was pretty good and she was a pretty great girlfriend, but she was on some kind of marriage kick now that we were almost graduating. She'd stopped taking her birth control pills too, although she'd tried to hide it from me, and that was another reason I liked fucking her in the butt so much ... I really didn't need a pregnant girlfriend!

"I want you!" she whispered as soon as she saw me coming out of the girls' locker room. She knew I had to suck off Stacy every morning and sometimes she'd watch, but Monica and the black cheerleader didn't get along very well, as you can imagine.

"Mmmm..." I covered her mouth with mine and pushed a big load of fresh, salty Stacy cum into my girlfriend's mouth. The hallway was crowded and a lot of people grinned at us, but we were beyond caring by then. I mean, we graduated in a week, so making out in the hallway wasn't gonna be a big deal. And I kinda liked to embarrass her in public for some reason, but it was hard to do!

"Mmph!" she always acted surprised, but Monica didn't pull away or anything; she just held me even tighter and moaned as we snowballed for a long minute or so.

"Swallow it," I breathed, holding her perfect ass with my hands under her skirt and the girl was going commando. I slipped a finger over her puckered anus and found her pussy dripping!

"Gu-ulp!" She swallowed hard and licked her lips with a spermy tongue. "Fuck me, Mattie ... We got time."

"How come you're not doing the news?" I asked, narrowing my eyes as I wiggled my finger between her greasy labia.

"Day off!" she giggled, flexing her knees and rubbing her tits against mine. My finger slipped half an inch deeper and she nodded eagerly, giving her pussy a squeeze.

"Yeah," I kissed her pert nose. "In here ... Come on..."

I should have known better, but after sucking off Stacy's beautiful prick, my own little cock was aching! Plus, like I said, Monica wasn't just hot, he was uber-hot! I wasn't stupid though. I could read a calendar and the girl was two weeks from her period, so she was uber-ovulating too! That's why she'd taken a day off from doing those stupid homeroom announcements with the A-V Club. Monica was going to be stalking me all day long, trying to get me to fuck her every chance she got.

I couldn't blame her though. I mean, if I knocked her up I'd have to marry the girl. Probably. And her step-father was a child-molesting pimp, who'd turned all three of her sisters into prostitutes working the strip malls up in Surrey. If Monica didn't find a way out, she'd be doing donkey shows right next to her mom!

Marrying me would be a ticket to paradise, or so Monica imagined, and I almost wanted to marry her just because I really didn't want to see her hurt. But sympathy is always a bad excuse and a few years down the road, even if we had a baby, I knew we wouldn't really be happy. She'd get jealous of some guy I was fucking and start breaking stuff, or else I'd catch her cheating on me and then I'd have to pretend like I was mad just so she'd feel loved ... Once you start down the sympathy road, it never ends.

On the other hand ... I was joining the Marines and that's a love 'em and leave 'em knocked up outfit if there ever was one! So yeah, I took her in the boys' locker room, which neither of us were supposed to be in, and Monica soon had her legs over my shoulders as I pushed my sissy dick inside her horny pussy. All I had to do was hold off for twenty minutes, I thought ... Nineteen minutes ... Yeah ... I could do that ... Maybe...

"Oh God! Yeah!" Monica sighed, staring up at me with her shining eyes. "I love it when you fuck my pussy!"

"I love fucking your ass!" I teased her and that got me a little pout.

"Don't pull out!" she warned me, clutching at my back through the t-shirt I wore.

I'd dressed like a tomboy, as I said, with a white t-shirt over my bra that said, 'Make 7' on the front and 'Up yours!' on the back, just above a 7-Up bottle shooting off like a green dick. I wore a pair of skinny cords too, or I had been wearing them, now they were on the floor with my panties. It was kinda hard to fuck Monica really good with pants on, after all.

"Did you take your pill?" I asked her, knowing the little bitch hadn't been taking them for three months.

Her best friend, Tricia, had clued me in the night I'd fucked her and her boyfriend at the prom. Actually, her boyfriend had fucked my ass while Tricia sat on my face and made out with the guy, but that still counts as fucking them, I think. Anyway, Monica had made the mistake of telling Tricia her plans to get pregnant with my baby and drag me to the altar, and Tricia couldn't keep a secret to save her life! Especially when she was cumming!

"Yeah," Monica lied. "I took it. Cum inside me, Mattie. I wanna feel it, okay?"

"Uh-huh," I agreed, leaning down to kiss her, shoving my tongue inside her mouth like a normal boy would. My long, blonde hair was in a ponytail and it kept falling in Monica's face and that was annoying.

Her pussy felt sweet though, I had to admit. Not as tight as her asshole maybe, but very hot and definitely wet! She'd been a virgin until I'd fucked her the first time, mostly because she'd thought she was a lesbian and only had girlfriends growing up. That's another reason she liked me so much, I guess. I could be a boy when she wanted one, or I could be a girl when she got all edgy for queer love. And I'd popped her cherry, which hadn't been much of a deal really. Some guys make a big thing out of it, but I've fucked three virgins and none of them ever cried or freaked out or anything like that. I think it's over-rated and breaking in a virgin ass is a lot more fun. That always gets a reaction from the girl!

I'd fucked Monica's virgin ass twenty minutes after I'd fucked her virgin pussy and she'd been shaking, jerking her hips, begging me to go slow, telling me how dirty it was to be butt fucked by a boy she'd just met half an hour before ... blah blah blah ... I fucked her ass and it was great! I just wished she'd had a dick, you know? They're a lot more fun to play with than a pussy, in my experience, but I'm sorta biased too.

On this particular day though, I was drilling for pussy juice and we made out the whole time! Monica had never fucked anyone else in her life and she really did love me. She thought I had a big dick too, though, so her opinion didn't mean a whole lot either. Stupid lesbians! The hard part for me was not cumming too quickly. I wanted to cum. My balls burned with the desire to pump a nice hot load of sissy semen into the girl's fertile womb, but I had to hold off. Slow down. Kiss her a lot so Monica wouldn't notice that we were grinding more than fucking. Jesus! That bitch could grind too! Probably from all those years grinding pussy with her carpet cleaning friends at the YWCA every summer.

Monica came quickly, being the orgasmic sort of girl she was, and that just made it harder for me. I could feel her pussy getting even warmer and definitely a little tighter as the walls of her cunt clamped down on my dick and started milking me hard. God, whoever the Guy was, had definitely known what He was doing when He designed the vagina. Nature's own original milking machine, I swear! Or maybe it was just Monica's superpower, because everybody has one, you know. Superpowers, I mean. Only half of everybody has a vagina. That girl should have been a whore, I thought, and I wondered if her sisters fucked the same way.

"Oh! Ah! I'm cumming again ... God! Fuck me!" Monica yelled, and that was normal. I'd never fucked anyone as noisy as her! "Fu-uh-uh-uck Me!"

"I am!" I gasped, feeling her cunt grab my dick and tug hard. Jesus! There was no way I was going to ride that girl for another fifteen minutes without cumming! We'd only been doing it for three and my balls were ready to explode!

Once homeroom was over, in precisely 13 minutes and 8... 7... 6 ... seconds by my watch, the first gym class would start and the locker room would fill up with fifteen and sixteen-year-old boys. The sophomores! And those guys would fuck anything! I could shoot off in Monica's hot, fertile pussy and before she even knew I was done, someone else would be right there, jamming his cock inside her spermy hole and driving hard! Oh yeah! Thirty boys would fuck my girlfriend, no doubt about it, and I'd be off the hook!

"Why ... That baby could be anyone's!" I'd say. "The whole sophomore gym class fucked her!"

Not a bad plan, huh? Hey! I was a seventeen-year-old boy, don't forget! And a hard cock, even one as queer as mine, doesn't have a conscience! But that probably explains why my plan didn't work too well either. My horny, remorseless, selfish dick betrayed me! Like he was Monica's best friend all of a sudden and determined to take her side in our little contest of mutual deception. My balls too. Those cum-filled jerks!

"Ughhhh ... Monica!"

"Yessss..." she hissed, cumming one more time just to make sure my baby-making sperm got sucked out of my nuts whether I liked it or not ... And I did like it. A lot!

"I gotta ... Pull ... Out..." I gasped, my common sense of self-preservation struggling through the fog with nothing but a small flashlight and two desperate batteries.

"Noooo ... I'm cumming!" she screamed and I bet half the school heard that one!

"Ohhh..." I let go. I just surrendered, my balls jerking upward so hard it hurt!

Most of the time a cum is a cum, they all feel good, but they don't really leave you all that dizzy and fucked-up, not like we pretend they do. But once in awhile, especially if you've been holding it back as long and hard as possible ... Yeah! I was totally brain damaged by that orgasm! Monica wrecked me! My cock felt like it was twice as big as I rammed it as far into the girl as I could. The first jet of semen burned as it flew out of my dick and into her more than ready vagina! Christ! I could just imagine her cervix sucking up my sperm while she climaxed with me, drawing all those little swimmers inside her womb to find that precious egg Monica had saved just for me.

"I love you, Mattie!" she breathed, pulling me to her kiss. "I felt it! You put a lot in me, huh?"

"Yeah," I said, forcing myself to smile. "Good thing you're on the pill."

"Yeah!" Monica giggled, kissing me again. "Oh! You're still hard ... Lets do it again!"

"But..."

But we were already doing it and I wondered what difference it would make. I'd put a lot of semen inside her already, so a little more probably wasn't going to make her twice as pregnant. And besides, I glanced at my watch, in ten and half minutes I could watch Monica pull her very first train! There were a lot of black kids in that class too and in nine months, if the baby came out nice and dark with thick, kinky hair ... Yeah! It was too soon to admit defeat!

"I wanna feel you cum again," Monica whispered. "That felt so good, Mattie. I love you so much!"

"I love you too," I agreed, kissing her deeply as I started working my cock in and out of her cum-filled hole. I could do that. A nice long fuck and ten more minutes and yeah, she'd be swimming in sperm when the bell rang!

"I heard Monica got gang-banged this morning," Kylie giggled and I shrugged. "She did like twenty guys! What a slut! I can't believe you even like her, Mattie."

"Shut-up," I told the boy, taking out my guilt on him. I'd sort of arranged my girlfriend's first gang-fuck, after all, and I'd heard she went home in tears afterward. "You're kind of a bitch sometimes, you know that?"

"So?" he stuck his tongue out at me. "You love me anyway."

"Yeah," I sighed. "I know."

"Are you really gonna join the Marines?" Randi asked me and I'd gotten pretty tired of talking about that.

"That's where we're going," I nodded, playing with the smaller boy's cock while Kylie drove us downtown. I had to take my test thing to see if I was smart enough to be a Marine, but how hard could it be? Even if I failed it, I figured I could just blow the guy and still get in anyway. I sorta hoped I could skip it, you know? Like who needs a written test, when you can pass an oral one?

"I shoulda made you guys walk," Kylie said, making a face at Randi in the rearview mirror. "And don't get the seat all wet either!"

"Just drive," I rolled my eyes at him. "We're not gonna make a mess."

Randi didn't usually ride with us, and Kylie would be bitching about it later, but I'd invited Randi home to meet Eric so he was gonna hang out while I took that test thing. Keep me company sorta, you know. I had this weird idea that since Randi looked like a twelve year old girl, maybe Eric would dump whatsherfuck, his girlfriend the parrot, and hook up with Randi instead. If I did join the Marines, my little blonde friend was going to have a lonely summer, and I liked him a lot. Too much, probably. I figured it was just my mood after the thing with Monica, because hooking Randi up with Eric was a dumb idea, but at least I could watch them fuck later. I always liked seeing Randi take a big, black cock and Eric had a nice one! He was always on me about having a threesome anyway, they both were, so this way they'd be happy at least.

I was going to miss stuff like that.

"They're gonna make you cut your hair though!" Randi pouted and I hadn't really considered that.

"Yeah, a serious buzz cut," Kylie sighed. "That would suck."

"It grows back," I said, but my hand went instinctively to my ponytail and it had taken me two years to grow it.

"You should do that teaching thing," Randi decided, lifting his hips as I rubbed his penis like an oversized clit.

"God! I can't even see Mattie as a teacher!" Kylie laughed. "That would be so weird."

"Yeah," I said with a sigh. "I don't think I'd be a very good teacher."

"Well ... You don't look like a Marine either," Randi sniffed and there was more truth there than I wanted to admit!

Still, my dad was Mad Jack Turner, the most famous Marine since Lee Harvey Oswald, and a hell of a lot tougher than that punk! I had Daddy's blood in my veins! I had his sperm in my tummy too! Maybe I didn't look like a Marine, but appearances can be deceiving! Just ask the boys of Troop 228 when they'd come around selling cookies! I'd sucked off seven of them before they had any idea I wasn't a real girl, including the Scout Master! I probably wouldn't be half the Marine my daddy was, and at the very most I'd only be half the man, but I'd be half his daughter too and if anyone deserved a shot at serving our country, it was me! I mean, heck ... I was just as patriotic as the next cocksucker!

That little speech cheered me up a lot and despite my friends' doubts, I felt pretty good about my decision. Especially a month later when I could tell Daddy...

" ... Guess what!" I giggled, bouncing into the den and landing on my dad's lap.

"Grrrr..." he growled as I threw my arms around his neck.

"No! Daddy! I'm not pregnant!" I rolled my eyes. "I still got a dick, remember?"

"Grrrr..."

"Oh! You do too?" I stuck out my tongue and licked across his lips as I reached between my wide spread legs. "I thought that was rocket in your pants! You know ... Ready to blast off for Myanus? Here ... Hold on, Daddy ... Let me, um ... Oh! Ahhhh ... Like ugh! that! Houston ... We have nooooo problems!"

I sighed happily as I lowered my tight boy cunt down on Daddy's perpetually hard prick, finding him very comfortable as my rectum was swimming in Stacy's cum after she'd given me a ride home ... and then another ride in the driveway! Now Daddy's rigid penis stretched me even more, sliding through the puckered ring of my anus to be baptized in hot transsexual spunk. I shivered with pleasure and kissed Daddy's mouth, slipping my tongue inside and wishing he could tongue fuck me, but he wasn't really strong enough for that.

"Anyway..." I sighed, rocking my sissy ass up and down with a nice, easy rhythm, " ... I joined the Marines, Daddy! Mom signed the papers today and I took my little oath thing, you know, I swear to defend the constitution and all that stuff, and then they told me next week I'll go to booty camp! Isn't that awesome?"

"Grrrr..."

"I hope the sergeant is nice!" I giggled. "Like that one in the movie? That'll be so much fun! I don't even have to cut my hair either! When I got my physical? The doctor called in a captain and he called a colonel and he called a general and they all looked at me! Well, the general was on the phone, but they told him all about me! I was so nervous, Daddy!"

"Grrrr..."

"Faster?" I smiled at him. "Okay ... Ummm ... Like this, Daddy? Ah! That feels ... Hmmm ... Anyway, they told me I could join a special unit. A brand new one just for sissies like me! They said it's like the Navy Seals or something, like those Special Forces guys, you know? And we'd learn how to do really cool stuff like seduce men and then blackmail them, recruit closet homosexuals into betraying their country, even get them to fall in love with us because we're all gonna be like super-sexy! Who knows? I could be the next fag mistress of the President of France or something, Daddy!

"Grrrr..."

"I know! It's so awesome I almost couldn't believe it! They're sending me to some Joint-Services Covert Subversion and Deception Warfare School in San Francisco. They said it's like a cross-service, cross-dressing, cross-training thing for sluts! And after I graduate, I'll be part of a SOG, a Sissy Operations Group, and working mostly for the CIA. Except I'll really be a Marine, Daddy, just like you! I'm gonna get a uniform and camouflage panties and medals and everything! They might even make me an officer, if I'm really bossy at school or whatever."

"Grrrr..."

"I hope the shoes are comfortable," I said, pursing my lips for a moment. "I forgot to ask about that. They want me to get breast implants though and I'm not too sure about that yet. They said it was kinda up to me anyway though, but it would probably be a good idea because I am sorta flat chested, see?"

"Grrrr..." Daddy growled as I pulled up my t-shirt and then just decided to take it off completely. I liked rubbing my puffy nipples against his medals.

"I knew you'd be proud of me, Daddy!" I sighed, pressing myself against him while I gave his cock a serious grind. "Nobody could believe I was really your son at first, but once I got on my knees and took care of five Marines at once, right there in the recruiting office? Yeah, Daddy ... They believed me. The major told me, 'Jesus! Only one man I know could keep up with a slut like you! Mad Jack Turner!' and I was so proud right then ... I love you, Daddy!"

"Grrrr ... ah uhv ewe..."

"What? Daddy! You can talk!" I blinked at him as tears filled both our eyes and it had taken my whole life up until then, but my dad had finally found the courage to tell me that he loved me!

Wow!
Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

That's it! More of an epilogue, this final chapter, but fun anyway...I'll post a boring blog note about it. Thanks for reading!
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"Dominant Black Transsexual Cheerleaders"
     

The End

    | Posted: 2009-09-05 Version: 1.10 T.S.Severe's Blog Share: twitter Tweet 

Home Top T.S.Severe's Page   Feedback to author


