Family Issues Ch. 08
byallthatisfuta©

Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

As always, I need to thank, Stylus and Madison (ThanatopicFolds) my cool editors. If you spot any issues with grammar, it's because the editing came from Down Under where beer does flow and men chunder, so it's all good.

Chapters 7&8 were supposed to be a single chapter. I do tend to write longer prose than I plan. The immediate result was,

a. Some people got the impression that the story train went off the love-story rails (it didn't).

b. There is a little imbalance of sex scenes.

It's a long story, but it has a frame. You'll just have to be patient, or not.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

The human heart is a puzzle made from pieces of our lives.

Our heart is a clean slate as we are born. Pure. A gift from the almighty, some say. We see the world through an innocent prism, unstained by prejudice or fear. Facts, questions, and eventually rebellion come only later. When we are young, we are an empty book waiting to be written.

And that's when we are the most vulnerable.

--

"Sodomites! Reprobates! They call them gay as if they are happy people. But the correct term is Sodomites!"

The low rumble of the pastor's voice was comforting, despite the message. It wrapped around Kevin's body like a protective blanket. A man with a voice like that was the shepherd who leads the flock to the safety of shore. Far away from the teeth of the big bad wolf.

"If you feel offended, then you know what it tells me? It tells me the brainwashing is going very well. You've been told by Hollywood and the mainstream media that homosexuality is a normal alternative lifestyle. That the she-hag abominations called futanari should be allowed to march in Phoenix. Allowed to flaunt their disgusting and filthy lifestyle as if it is something to be proud of. But I will tell you today the word of God. And the word of God is crystal-clear on this subject."

Pastor Roy Anderson had kind blue eyes. He looked like a tall oak—broad, strong, and just behind his podium. Like a movie star, and not like a small-town, part-time clergyman. His daughter, Laura, was the tallest kid in Kevin's class. Kevin had had a crush on her since second grade.

"Jeremiah chapter six, verse thirty. They are called rejected silver because the LORD has rejected them. Rejected! That what they are. The Lord says, 'Pray not for these people nor lament them.' Their acts of the flesh are evident, sexual immorality, impurity, and debauchery, their idolatry and witchcraft. Those who live like this will not inherit the kingdom of God."

His mother fidgeted in her seat, and Kevin turned to her. It looked like her lip got caught by one of his dad's jig hooks, because it started curving down. Kevin's big purple eyes searched her face for the cause. That frown was reserved for Kevin's father when he drank himself to silliness.

"And if you ever say the word LGBT to me..." The pastor's voice rose, and the acronym LGBT was uttered with such disdain that Kevin thought it must have something to do with spinach. "If you say LGBT or LGBTF, then you might just as well come to me and say, 'I'm a brainwashed idiot. I don't read the Bible. I don't love God.'"

To everyone's surprise, Pastor Roy Anderson jumped onto his podium. He had to bend so his head didn't bump the ceiling, and it somewhat diminished the dramatic effect.

"I want each of you to look at the young ones sitting next to you. I want you to think of how those deviants will drag them to the gates of hell, smiling. I'm sick of it, and I ain't going to back down, and I'm sick of people not backing me up!" He pointed at his flock of Christians. Kevin thought his accusing index finger was aimed at the only person missing from the congregation. Kevin's father never joined his family for Roy Anderson's sermons.

"Because when these deviants come to our house, I will not stand aside. No homos or she-fags will ever be allowed in this church as long as I'm alive. Never!"

There were more than a few amens. Laura rose on her long feet and started clapping. Kevin stood and applauded too. He had no idea who the Sodomites were, or what they did to anger the pastor so much. He suspected they might be those mysterious people from the IRS his father grumbled about all the time. But he was ten, and in love, and he was willing to spit in every Sodomite's face if it would make Laura take notice of his existence.

"Kevin, grab your little brother, we are going home."

"What? We got to stay at least till the prayer."

"Kevin O'Brien!"

"But Mom, we haven't—"

"This instant!"

He looked desperately at Laura, hoping she didn't notice his mom disrespecting the pastor. Sadly, his complaints made her turn her head their way. Laura stared at Kevin for a second, and then her gaze turned to his mother, snarling. It was a look of pure hate.

--

The Sodomites didn't drag Kevin to the gates of hell, he entered willingly. At least it felt that way.

The crop swished as it came down. It kissed Kevin's skin, like a dragon breathing fire directly against his butt and thighs. He saw the black tip rise, leaving an angry red stripe.

The crop fell again, and Kevin screamed.

"Just breathe," Sin said. "Take deep breaths, and it will go easier."

"On one hand," his breath whistled as he struggled to take air in, "on one hand your advice is totally demented, but on the other hand, it's totally demented. Please stop! Why are you doing this?"

He heard the swish of the crop, but nothing happened. There was a stifled cry, and something heavy crashed, before a curse and the sound of a struggle. Kevin tried to look behind him, and when that didn't work, he swiveled, twisting the rope and chains.

"Her real name is Jenny, by the way," Nadine said.

"Huh?"

"Jenny. She fakes a French accent because she thinks it makes her more exotic. But she's really Jenny, from Oklahoma. Daughter of two attorneys from the Midwest. I don't think you can get less exotic, more middle-class than that."

"Oh."

Sin writhed on the floor, clasping her genitals and moaning. Madam Hulk stood like a smug little mountain above her. The colossal wrestler had Sin's crop in her hand, and she swished it around, experimenting.

"He told you to stop, didn't he?" Nadine had on a red, sheath-style evening gown, something classic. Kevin thought he had never seen anything so beautiful in his life. "I thought your game was consent, Jenny?" She kicked the downed girl's stomach. "What did you tell him?" She kicked again. "Breathe. In and out." She gave another kick. "He is right; it is kind of demented."

Nadine's kick connected with a kneecap, and Sin screamed.

"Stop!" Kevin cried.

"What?"

"You're hurting her."

"That's the point."

"Stop! Please, Nadine."

"You're an idiot, Kevin."

"I'm naked and hanging from the ceiling. So, yep. Pretty much."

"All right, the human hanger doesn't want to see me kick the crap out of you, Jenny. I guess it's your lucky day. Stand up!"

Sin, whose real name was Jenny, stumbled up on wobbly legs.

"The key to the handcuffs," Madame Hulk said.

"It's in my duffel bag," Sin groaned. "Just let me get it for you."

"No." Nadine patted her cheek. "Piss off! If I ever catch a sniff of you again, you won't be so lucky. Care-Bear here won't be around to protect you."

Jenny didn't press her point about the duffel bag. She limped as fast as she could out of the basement.

"Thank god. That crazy bitch."

"Really? It seems you have been enjoying yourself." Nadine touched the point of Kevin's dick; the little Judas was up and excited. "You have quite the leakage."

"She was hot in an abusive way."

"Want me to call her back?"

"Nadine, it's not funny. My arms hurt. One moment she was sweet, the next she went Norman Bates on my ass. I have no idea why."

"That's why." Nadine pointed up to a white dome of a security camera. "Smile, you're on camera."

"What?" Kevin forgot that he was hanging naked from a chain and that his buttocks hurt. "Is this uploading to some BDSM site for people to wank on?"

"No, just someone who wanted to see you hurt."

"Why, for fuck's sake? What did I do?"

"Nothing." Nadine turned to the camera and flipped her middle finger towards it. She pulled out her .45, the one with the green gem grip, and pulled the trigger twice. The shots boomed like a cannon's roar in the basement, and they resonated for some time. The white dome of the camera exploded, raining shards of glass and metal.

"Jesus." Kevin cringed.

"Did you figure it was a toy?" Nadine pointed the gun at him.

"Nadine, stop it, you're scaring me."

"Scared? I remember our last call differently. You raised your voice and practically told me to fuck off. I can't recall the last time anyone talked to me like that. I can't have that. I'll lose respect."

"My mom said that violence is not the way."

"It's a shortcut."

"Not funny, Nadine. And I was mad at you."

She leaned over and gently pressed her beautiful lips on his. She was sharp edges and cruelty, and their time together had been two months ago, but his body awoke to her.

Madam Hulk dumped the contents of the duffel bag on the floor and retrieved the keys. Nadine unlocked the handcuffs, and Kevin stumbled, rubbing his wrists to revive his circulation. He then sat down on the bed, careful not to let the burning sting in his buttock touch the mattress. Nadine sat beside him; her hand automatically went to his hair.

"I need a few minutes in private, Cecilia."

The wrestler blew Kevin an air kiss and left them alone.

"Why the hell would someone want to hurt me?"

"She doesn't give a fuck about you. She wanted to send me a message."

"What's wrong with Gmail?"

"She wanted to show me that I'm still vulnerable. That she can hurt the people I care about."

"Oh, so it was your fault." Kevin tried to put his angel costume back on and winced. "I'm still mad at you, and now twice as much."

"Tough."

"You gave Diana the money to buy my dad's promissory note. There's no way in hell she could have gotten her hands on such a sum by herself. It was you, wasn't it?"

"I didn't give her any money. Brigitte knows the cockroaches who owned your father's debt. They were more than happy to do her a solid when they heard it was for my sake."

"Even worse. It didn't cost you a cent."

Nadine shrugged. "That's power for you."

"Why on earth would you want to help Diana screw me over? She's a nobody. She has no money or influence. What on earth could you want from her?"

Nadine stared at him for a moment but didn't answer.

"And now Diana has me by the balls. Do you know what I like the most about being Diana's boyfriend?"

"Enlighten me."

"That around the age of eighty I'll probably die of old age." He checked his phone. "Not a single message from my girlfriend asking where the hell I am. What a shocker. She's partying with your lace boys, right?"

"She's not the only one partying."

"Huh?"

"Did Sin drag you here by force?"

Kevin shook his head, slowly. "Even though she tied me up, it felt like freedom, you know. An hour when I'm not Diana's good boy, sort of. I dunno, really, maybe I'm just full of shit, and I just wanted to try some kink, but you have no idea what it's like to live with Diana twenty-four seven."

"You know what to do if you want out, Kev." Nadine lay down on the bed and rubbed her eyes. "The offer still stands."

"It's not that simple."

"It's not that complicated, either."

"I have a hard time wrapping my head around the concept. I mean...crap, it's...it's not that simple."

Nadine exhaled loudly. "That's the most cowardly way to tell a girl that you're not into her."

"You think? I have dreams with you in them, and I always wake up with wet underwear. You're the hottest woman who ever wanted me, Nadine."

"I still do, you schmuck."

"It's not you, it's me—well, it's not you, it's my standards."

She punched him in the stomach, hard enough to elicit an oof! from him. "Glad to see you're enjoying yourself."

"That means you're not glad, and I won't be enjoying myself in a minute. Nadine, you're an extortionist. You're a sex trafficker. I've seen your lace boys filling the halls of this crazy place tonight. It's horrible. People treat them like sex toys, not like human beings."

"Nobody forced them to come here."

"I don't get it, why on earth would someone smuggle themselves to the US so they could be abused as a sex slave?"

"Sex worker, and for the hundredth time, nobody forced them," Nadine growled. "The average paycheck for an unskilled worker in Odessa is one hundred and fifty dollars per month. One hundred and fifty dollars for slaving in some stinking factory. No sunlight, ten to twelve hours every day. My lace boys and girls can earn that much in a single night."

"So they're desperate."

"It's supply and demand. If I weren't doing it, somebody else would have."

"That doesn't make it right."

"Grow up, Kevin."

He sighed. "I can't be part of that."

"Did I ask you to run my fucking business?"

"My mother used to say that the man who allows oppression shares the crime."

"I'll buy you your own apartment and a sports car."

Kevin curled his lip. "So I'm a prostitute. Like a lace boy, only a little more expensive."

"God forbid," she said in mock horror. "Look, Kev, I don't want you to be with me because I have a shitload of money. I want you to be with me because of who I am."

"A millionaire?"

She guffawed. "Exactly, you idiot. Everything gets a lot easier when you're driving a Testarossa, you'll see—even flexing your childish morals. You're a professional diver, right? How about if I buy you a yacht?"

"I wouldn't be able to look at myself in the mirror."

"I'll hire a girl to shave you every morning; you won't have to look in the mirror. I can buy you anything your heart desires, Kev."

"Just not a clear conscience."

"Fuck that, it's overrated."

"Maybe, but-"

"Shut the fuck up!" Nadine turned on her back again and closed her eyes. "Just shut up and fuck off! I'm done with you."

Kevin leaned over to kiss her gently.

"Don't you dare!" She pinched his nipple and pushed him away. "It's so fucking easy for you, you over-spoilt, privileged dumbass. I wanna see you crawl out of the gutter like I did. See how you manage to keep your hands clean, you condescending prick."

"I'm not a condescending prick. Look, it doesn't count as condescending if I'm really much better than you, Nadine."

Her shoulders started shaking in silent laughter, then it came out soft, but soon it burst out like TNT. Kevin couldn't help but join. He was angry at Diana, at himself for going into Sin's basement, at Nadine for her manipulation, at the world in general. He couldn't change the world, loving it as it existed wasn't an option, and he didn't want to hate it. All that was left was laughter. They laughed until their ribs hurt.

Nadine wiped the tears that gathered in the corners of her eyes.

Kevin leaned against his elbow, his athletic torso tilted towards her. She regarded him through half-shut eyes. Kevin watched her, his eyes searching hers. Just then their eyes locked, and for a moment there was nothing other than their light breathing. Her beauty and cruelty still dominated his dreams. She was the forbidden fruit and the gates of hell. No wonder Adam said yes.

Her tits rose and fell under red silk; he reached for them, and she slapped his hand away.

"You had your chance, and you blew it."

He snuggled closer to her, his lips caressing her chin.

"Nope!"

His hand traced the outline of her chin, inched farther to her nose and tenderly dropped to her lips. They were full and quite soft to touch, just as he remembered them. He tried again to claim them. For a fleeting moment, her lips resisted him, and then slowly and tenderly parted to his seeking tongue. She tasted of cigarettes and vodka. It went all the way to the tip of his cock because that sting was also how he remembered her.

He pushed his mouth harder into hers, and she pushed back, her teeth grazing against his. His mouth pulled away, moving to her neck. His lips ignited her nerve endings, her caramel skin tingling at his touch. Nadine moaned, and he kissed her lips again.

Kevin pulled up, just to see her face. She was trying to fuel her anger but was losing fast to lust. He reached out and undid her dress' fastening, then yanked it aside.

"Stop!"

He opened the small buckle of her high heels, slowly removing one shoe and then its partner.

"Fucking amazing, Kev. I called you and practically begged you to come and see me, and you gave me the cold shoulder. Fuck it. You gave me the middle finger."

"So?"

"Dumbass, so you don't get to...whenever you feel like—ohhhh," Nadine moaned. "Ooh, fuck," she said when he licked her toe and sucked it into his mouth like a pacifier. His tongue then licked her naked heel and the curve of her brown leg.

Nadine moaned.

He tugged on the red dress, slowly peeling it from her burning body.

Pastor Roy Anderson loved to quote from Romans a piece that some believed was God's opinion of futanari: "For this cause, God gave them up unto vile affections: for even their women did change the natural use into that which is against nature... Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God?"

But Nadine had caramel skin and naturally smoky eyes. She was the Alpha and the Omega, the first and the last, the beginning and the end. Her naked body was a temple and Kevin a devoted worshipper. Her breasts went up and down with her excitement. Her lacy black underwear could hardly contain her anaconda. It pushed the silk to the breaking point.

Kevin caressed the bulge with the tips of his fingers, and it jumped beneath the fabric like an animal crying to be released.

Nadine closed her eyes and moaned.

Kevin caressed the bulge again, enjoying himself when it moved and Nadine cried. The cloth around the tip of her cock was darkened by her pre.

Kevin's tongue traced over her collarbone before his lips began making their way down her chest. He unclasped her bra and tossed it, then took her breasts in his mouth, one after the other. A guttural groan spilled forth when her nipple was consumed by his hot wet mouth. She caressed Kevin's hair and then pulled him tighter against her breast. His other hand kneaded her other mound.

He pulled up. "Any more complaints? Want me to stop now?"

"You're on thin ice, baby. Thin ice."

"Is that a yes? A no? I never really understand you when you growl."

"Shut the fuck up, and don't you dare stop kissing."

He teased her with hot breaths between her tits. She took a bite of her lip, anticipating. Just when she didn't expect it, he licked her. His tongue slalomed up the hill of her breast and then played with her brown nipple. She squeaked like a little girl, and Kevin laughed.

Letting her nipple fall from his mouth, he stared at her, smiling. Quakes were running through Nadine's whole body. She reached out for his lips, and she squeezed them gently with her hand, flexing her fingers repeatedly to part his lips slightly then let them close again. She teased for a second, then her finger entered his mouth.

Kevin's hand went down her panties and crawled under the elastic band. The back of his hand scraped against her massive cock, and Nadine gulped. He went farther down and felt her massive, hairless balls. His hand caressed the pair, letting skin rub against the skin. He squeezed a little and Nadine jumped.

"I fucking hate you, Kev."

Kevin moaned around her finger, his velvety tongue caressing her.

"And I fucking want you."

His fingers traveled farther down, to the place Diana never allowed him even to touch. He reached, feeling Nadine's wetness, slipping his fingers easily between her swollen lips and into her liquid warmth. He dipped down to slide two fingers right up inside and curled them to apply pressure, rubbing gently and steadily.

Nadine squirmed under Kevin's touch.

Her juices covered his fingers, then he nestled into the top of her slit and pressed onto the raised bump of her clit. She rolled her hips up again, fucking his fingers. Kevin pushed back in counterpoint each time she thrust. His other hand joined the dance, crawled and reached for her massive anaconda. He started massaging, letting his fingers slide against the panties' silk.

He pulled again, looking down at her, watching her lips part and her breath quicken each time he pressed into her. He reveled in the rippling of her breasts as she moved and the flushing of her skin. Finally, with three very long, hard thrusts, each accompanied by a deep guttural moan, she came. She tensed, closing her legs. Her vaginal muscles clamped around Kevin's fingers, and a warm stream of liquid poured over his palm.

"Kev... Kevin."

Kevin didn't stop massaging her panties over her iron-hard anaconda. She slapped his hand, but he held on, rubbing faster. She grabbed his hand but was too late.

Nadine screamed her ecstasy, and her cock started spewing massive amount of warm baby-making liquid. Her cock jumped around in her panties, darkening the silk, filling it, until it started dripping out on the bed.

It took her a few minutes to start breathing normally again.

"I'm fucking soaked." She wiggled out of her underwear. Kevin grabbed her soft anaconda; it was slick and messy in his palm, and he played with it, squeezing it like a toy.

Nadine suddenly growled and switched positions. She straddled Kevin and latched her mouth onto his nipples while she worked his dick with her free hand. Her hand grabbed his buttock, and Kevin hissed as she squeezed the red mark left by Sin's crop.

"That will teach you to not go into dungeons with crazy ladies."

"Said the crazy lady."

Nadine grabbed his hips and rolled again onto her back, pulling him on top of her. She lifted him, effortlessly, like he was a pillow and not a young man. She then pulled her hardening cock under him, pushing him down again. His ass cleft closed around her slick member. Nadine pushed him a little, making him slide onto her wet cock.

"You do make me kind of crazy," she said and pulled him to her. She just held him for several minutes, her cock hardening between his legs. Her head pressed against the curve of his neck, breathing in. There was something about his scent she found irresistible.

He tried to pull away, but she locked her hands around him, keeping him close.

She pushed him up again, lifting him in the air, spreading his legs. She watched his face as her cock went up and bumped against his skin. The head of her massive cock was red and angry again. She pushed Kevin's body a little until the monster's head found a perch in his tiny starfish. Gently, Nadine pushed against his butt and lowered him. Her slickness and her own cum drip lubricated his entrance. Slowly, she dipped her throbbing cock into Kevin's butt.

Kevin closed his eyes when he felt the head stretching him.

"No, open your eyes; look at me, baby. I've never met anyone with purple eyes before."

Nadine felt the head open up his outer sphincter, then she felt the pressure from the inner ring. She pushed him back up and lowered him again. His inner circle slowly expanded, feeling like a gentle wave riding along the head of her cock.

"Jesus, I forgot how big you are. Oh, God," he sighed. They both knew that she was in. Nadine paused to allow him to adjust to the new sensations, then she started rocking her hips little by little, drawing him deeper and then pulling back. His tunnel bathed her cock in wet heat and pressure. She watched her cock sink slowly into him, stretching him like no one else could.

"Down, baby, all the way."

Her hands rubbed his thighs, encouraging him and taking his attention from the pain in his butt. Slowly, her snake disappeared inside his tight ring as more and more was fed into him. Kevin clenched his ass. His muscles gripped her cock, squeezing it, and Nadine moaned. She gave one last pull and felt his tiny ass on her pubes. Her entire fantastic length was inside him.

She looped her hand behind her neck, watching his athletic body speared on her member.

"You're beautiful, Kev."

He nodded.

"You're also an asshole."

He nodded.

"Ride me."

"Huh?"

Her hand went to the floor and found Sin's discarded crop. She swished it and tapped his back gently. "Giddy-up."

"Put that damn thing away."

Kevin's hands went to her shoulders as he wiggled his hips, taking her within as he spread his knees farther. With a shaky sigh, Kevin oriented himself on her, settling down. A small whimper burst forth when he felt her flex her cock within his tunnel.

"Ride, baby."

Placing his hands on her beautiful mounds, he started to grind against her, losing himself to the rhythm. Despite the soreness in his buttocks, he thrust against her, his hips following the tempo. The friction between their bodies created electricity. Her hands slid along his body, her nails raked lightly down his chest.

"Kevin."

"What?" he huffed.

"Kevin."

Kevin lowered himself and gyrated faster on her colossal womanhood, his hole stretching wide at the girth of her monster. His tunnel walls stretched out around her shaft and flexed. His little ring hugged her shaft lovingly as he started going up and down. His strong muscles, those of a jogger and a diver, set the steady pace. Never stopping.

He went all the way up and back down again, watching her smile turn to lip-biting as she fought her climax. Kevin's face was flushed, and beads of sweat rolled down his body to the crack in his ass and mixed with her own fluids.

Something touched the right button, and Kevin came first. He stopped and looked surprised at his own seed shooting into the air and landing on her caramel breasts.

"Don't stop!"

She started thrusting up in earnest, plunging deep, making him moan. Her massive balls hit his ass with an obscene slap each time she bottomed inside him.

A moment later her balls flexed and contracted, and she shot her first squirt of seed deep inside Kevin's body. "I'm crazy about you," she whispered, surprising herself with a sweet moment of vulnerability.

-- 

Kevin's finger played on her lips, travelled down her chin, down her neck and all the way to her belly button.

Nadine sighed, taking him in. She felt absorbed by purple eyes and his smile. She cared for him deeply. No, care was a weak word for how she felt about him. He made her vulnerable, and that vulnerability was half the excitement. Still, vulnerability was a luxury she couldn't afford.

There was only one other person for whom she cared in this world, and Iman was safe behind tall walls and protected by armed guards. Her feelings for Kevin left her exposed and naked.

She placed her hands around his neck; her muscles flexed. All she had to do was squeeze, and she'd be safe again.

Kevin kissed both her hands, one after the other, and tasted her sweat; Nadine sighed and pulled them off.

He grabbed his mobile from the floor and started texting.

"Who the hell are you texting at two a.m.?"

"I'm making a Snapchat story of us having sex."

She rolled him to the side, took a bite of ass-cheek, and Kevin yelped. Her hand, almost absent-minded, went down and started playing with his soft cock. Squeezing it.

"I'm texting Helen. I told her that I was on my way before you tricked me into staying and giving you two hundred orgasms."

"We didn't do it doggie-style, so you can't count in dog years."

Kevin shrugged.

"Are you...? You and Helen?"

"What?"

She frowned. "Never mind."

"Oh, no, no. Nothing like that." He faked a laugh. "No. No."

"Try not protesting so much."

"We're just good friends," he said.

Nadine rolled and grabbed her Treasurer cigarette pack. She offered Kevin a cig.

"My mom used to say that it's a nasty habit."

"She's like a Forrest Gump box of chocolates, your mom. Mark that one off. You always know what you're gonna get. Prude."

"Hey."

"What is she like?"

"My mom? She died three years ago."

"Helen. She's nothing like Diana? Right?"

"Hell no. Helen is so funny and smart and sweet, and kind. She's amazing."

Nadine felt a wave of hate for the woman she didn't even know. There was no denying Kevin's attraction to her. Even now as she touched him, she felt him harden again. But when Kevin spoke of Helen, his purple eyes shone.

"She's like Tom Hanks sweet, Princess Di generous, and Bruce Willis in Die Hard brave, all inside the body of a shy Julia Roberts."

"Great," Nadine growled and turned on her side, her back to him. "Just fucking great."

Kevin hugged her from behind and kissed her cheek softly, surprised when he found wetness there. "Hey, what happened?"

"Shut the fuck up!" she growled.

The Nadine Kevin knew had three modes. Angry, very angry, and furious. This was a new one. He stared at her confused. "What?"

"I'm just fucking tired."

"Did I do something wrong?"

"When did you ever do anything right?"

He hugged her head to his chest and covered her lips and forehead with soft kisses. For the time being it was enough for her.

--

The long drive home was silent, mainly because Diana curled in the backseat and snored for three hours. She didn't reek of alcohol, which was surprising, and it didn't look like she was on anything more substantial either. She was just exhausted.

She didn't ask him anything, and he didn't feel he had any right to ask her anything.

From time to time he stared at her in the rear-view mirror. She smiled in her sleep while she hugged a mysterious black suitcase and a box.

Kevin wondered if this was what his life would look like from now on. Her abusive love every day of the week, with short escapades into the arms of Nadine.

At five a.m. they reached the Brion penthouse. He asked Diana if she wanted to take a shower, and she just gave him her innocent smile and claimed his lips with a passionate kiss. She then curled up on their bed, and immediately fell asleep, still smiling.

Her ability to wrap herself in a bubble was something that he would never be able to grasp. There was no way she didn't taste Nadine's cigarettes on his lips.

After showering off the stench of the night, he went to the kitchen to grab something before going to bed, and was surprised to find Helen asleep there. Her head rested on her left hand, and her magnificent blonde mane was spread across the kitchen table. Early morning sun said hello from the balcony and kissed the unmarred right side of her face. It felt wrong somehow, because Kevin was now used to her scars and her eyepatch. They were non-interchangeable parts of this woman who had become an essential part of his life.

Helen moaned in her sleep. She was probably having one of her nightmares again. The subject was too delicate, and she never brought it up, but he assumed she suffered from some form of PSTD, courtesy of her service in Iraq.

He touched her shoulder and shook it lightly. "Hey, funny Valkyrie."

"What time is it?" She blinked and coughed.

"Five thirty. I know you like my cooking, but hey, relocating to the kitchen is one step too far."

"I waited for you." She rubbed her eyes. "Must have fallen asleep."

"Why?"

"Sometimes when I'm tired, I fall asleep. Weird." Helen yawned into her fist.

"Why did you wait?"

"You sounded distressed on the phone, and I didn't know where you were. I was worried."

"Had a crappy moment when you called, that's all. But I'm okay now."

"Wanna talk about it?"

He opened the fridge and pulled out the milk and grabbed the cereal box with the smiling tiger from the Lazy Susan wall cabinet. "Cereal! When I'm hungry, thirsty, and lazy at the same time."

"Kevin?"

"Want some?"

"Kevin?"

"It has..." He read the print on the cereal box. "Vitamin E, riboflavin, and folate. Who can say no to riboflavin?"

"Do you remember the presidential debate, when Anderson Cooper kept asking Donald Trump about 'grabbing the pussy'?"

"Yeah, what a dick—he stole my move."

Helen gave a short burst of laughter. "Cooper asked him four times, and Donald kept changing the subject."

"So?"

"You're always doing just the same. Not just now, Kevin. All the time."

"Doing what?"

"Dodging."

Kevin inflated his cheeks. "I'm too embarrassed to talk about what happened."

"Come on, how bad could it be?"

"Worse?"

"Whatever horrible thing you think you did last night, it can't be that bad."

"You'd be surprised."

"Kevin, you're my role model for compassion and generosity."

"I'm a big phony, that's what I am. Look, my mom used to say that bad deeds and good deeds—"

"Are rewarded in this life, not just in the afterlife." Helen shook her head. "You told me, more than once. Immanuel Kant, not Jesus Christ. I think she's part of the problem."

"My dead mom?"

"I know it's a soft spot. Look, I don't mean to disrespect her memory. I learned my lesson the last time, okay? She was obviously an amazing person."

"She was."

"I get it, I wasn't cynical." Helen nodded. "But maybe, just maybe, she set the bar too high?"

"What bar?" Kevin tilted the Organic Valley cardboard, and a large clump of curdled milk dropped on his mountain of flakes.

"Oh, yeah, we ran out of milk."

"Crap."

"Wait here for a sec," she said.

Helen went out of the kitchen, and Kevin leaned back and massaged his temples. He felt the aftershock of the crazy night all over. His buttocks still hummed where Sin's crop marked him, and he knew that if he just closed his eyes, he wouldn't be able to open them again.

"Look." Helen returned with a photo album. The photos on the first page were all taken on a farm of sorts. There were apple orchards, growing in straight, neat rows, and a lazy river snaking between cedar tree-covered hills in the background. Most of the photos showed a dark woman with an auburn afro and green eyes, wearing overalls. In one picture, she had one hand on the wheel of a yellow tractor she was riding, and with the other she balanced a blond toddler on her knee.

"Is that—?"

Helen nodded. "My mom and me. She tried commune life in the late eighties, near Finn River, Washington."

Kevin stared at the woman in the picture, then back at Helen. "Really? That's Fabienne?"

"Yeah, I know."

"She's black," he said.

"Louisiana Creole, actually. Well, she had some Muscogee blood in her too. But that's a Brion family secret. Don't tell anyone."

"But Diana is a natural redhead, and you look like a Norwegian queen."

"You think I didn't ask her how come she's brown and I'm so white? It was a free-love and all-the-LSD-you-can-get kind of commune. Considering the wild parties they had there, she told me I should be thankful that I'm not barking instead of worrying about my complexion."

Kevin laughed.

"She wasn't a good mom. In fact, she was a terrible mother. Despite all the prejudice and the violence in West Englewood's projects, she never made an effort to move out. She couldn't hold onto a job or a boyfriend for more than two months. She got herself arrested for drunken fights. She was an alcoholic. I think I took care of her more than she did of me."

Kevin snorted. "Sounds like someone I know."

"It runs in the genes, I guess. But you know what, Kev? My mom was nothing like your mom, but she did her best. She loved us so much. She simply accepted us for who we were. Myself with my insecurities and Diana, well..."

"Diana was a problem kid?"

"She took a police car for a joyride when she was sixteen."

"Jesus." Kevin laughed. He flipped the album's page. Six-year-old Diana wearing a tank-top and pigtails was sitting in a rowboat, pointing at a young, wincing Helen and laughing her heart out.

"Mom took this picture. We went for a rowboat ride, and I wanted to see some cows from up close. I grabbed their electric fence to help myself out of the boat and felt the shock all the way to my stupid ass. Mom and Diana couldn't stop laughing."

"It does look like a happy family."

"It was. I never felt anything but loved. I used to come from school crying, and my mom would hug me, and we would talk for hours and hours. I had only started writing my letters after she was gone, and I had no one to talk to."

"How did she...?"

"There was this big LGBTF march in Phoenix. Same-sex marriage protest. My mom was an activist, and she would drag us to rallies every week. Someone threw a firebomb when we marched. Two people were killed, and my mother got burned badly. Two weeks later she had septic shock in the hospital, which is bad news when you also have a diseased, alcoholic liver. She went into a coma and never woke up."

Kevin stared at her for a while. She tried to read him, and as always, she failed.

"A firebomb at an LGBTF march in Phoenix?" he said.

"Yeah, some group who called themselves God's Army. They caught the guy. Tom Murphy." She shrugged. "He's in jail. It was a big thing back then. You were ten? Probably too young to remember."

"I'm so sorry," he finally said in a low voice.

"It was more than ten years ago."

Kevin did the math. "If I was ten, you were eighteen."

"Almost eighteen. My mom left me no money, a few debts, and Diana to take care of. I didn't have a job or skills, so I joined the Marines. But you know what else she didn't leave me with, Kev? She didn't leave me a guidebook that makes me feel like I'm a failure every time I'm not up to par with its impossible standards. Your mom left you a super-heavy burden. It's unfair."

Kevin flinched, and Helen knew him well enough by then to know she needed to tread more carefully.

"Being kind to people isn't impossible," he said. "It's not even hard when you're used to it. It's a really low bar."

"Didn't she have any vices?"

"Of course she didn't." Kevin pulled out his mobile. "That's her."

The stunning diver in the picture wore a black wetsuit and looked like the feminine version of Kevin. She had the same bleach-blond hair and purple eyes. In her arms, Kevin's mother carried a smiling, moon-faced blond baby.

"Well, she's a beauty queen. Not that I was expecting anything else. That's Ben?"

"Aha."

"She's so young. She looks like a teenager."

"She was eighteen when she had me."

"Wow."

"Yeah," he yawned and rested his head on the kitchen table. "My father was thirty five when they married."

"Really?" She flipped through the pictures. Most depicted a tiny cottage by the seaside. Loam-colored bricks, black tiles, yellowing windows, a wet concrete porch, and a rusty garage door. An old-looking wooden promenade ran along the shore, and several restaurants stood in the background. The restaurant closest to the house had a blue neon sign that read, The Chatty Sea Bass—Where food speaks to your palate.

"Hey, Kev, is that, is that the restaurant? ... Kev? Kevin?"

His eyes were already closed, and he was snoring lightly.

--

The secret to avoid kicking dust was to hold the broom at an angle and pull it using a single stroke.

It was an endless battle, because the Chatty Sea Bass stood on the shore, and the evening winds always carried the sand back in. Kevin loved it, nonetheless. It gave him a sense of pride when the restaurant's floor was spotless. Plus, he had OCD.

"Say broom," Kevin said.

Ben giggled and clapped his hands. 



"No, say broom."

Ben raised his hand in the air.

"Not high five. Say broom."

"Boom."

"What the...?" Ben's Down syndrome affected his cognitive development. At the age of three he spoke only a handful of words.

"Boom."

"Dad?" Kevin hollered. "Daaaad?" He picked Ben up and ran out of the restaurant and into the street. A bus honked and screeched to a stop. The driver pulled open the window and shouted "Fucknugget!" at him. He'd never heard that curse before, but it sounded like a good one, so he stored it for later use.

He found his dad across the street loading a rusty lawnmower onto his GMC truck.

"Dad! Dad! I made Ben say another word! He said broom! I made him! He can say that! Say broom, Ben."

Ben giggled.

"No, broom. Boom. Say it."

"Where is your mother, Kevin?"

"He said it. I swear to God, he said broom."

Kevin's father clenched his jaw, never a good sign these days.

"She's still in the water, sir."

His father searched his face for some reason. "She didn't go to church?"

"No. Why would she?"

His father nodded. "Don't leave the restaurant like that." Without giving either of his sons a second glance, he climbed into the truck and drove away.

"But he did say broom. You did, Ben. I heard you."

Ben hugged Kevin's neck and kissed him.

Back on the beach, he found the Murphy brothers, Justin and Cody, playing Wall Ball against the restaurant's wall. Kevin gave them a non-committal nod. He didn't like either of them.

"Think fast." Justin threw the tennis ball at him, and Kevin snatched it out of the air with his free hand. Having been the smallest kid in class, he was often the target in dodgeball, forcing him to adjust.

"Yo, Kev, did you see the faggot bus?" Justin was shirtless, and there was a blue bruise on his cheek.

"What faggot bus?"

"The one with the flag that looks like a rainbow."

"The tourist bus?" Kevin stared at the bus parking down the street. People were pouring out. Other than the bus driver shouting 'Fucknugget' at him there was nothing out of the ordinary about it.

"It's not a tourist bus, it's a fag bus; they're all fags."

Kevin knew faggot was a serious curse word. He'd even used it a couple of times, though he was not really sure what it meant. The situation didn't help clarify anything because the people leaving the bus looked like regular men and women.

"The pastor's car is here." Justin pointed at Pastor Roy Anderson's Buick that was parking down the street, near Kevin's house. "Probably came to say hi to the fags. Gonna be a hell of a show." Justin clapped his hands and smiled; three of his upper teeth were missing.

Kevin suddenly noticed seven-year-old Cody reaching into his bulging pocket and pulling out a familiar Charm Blow Pop.

"Hey, did you go inside for candies, Justin?"

"So what?"

"You got to ask permission," Kevin raised his voice, "otherwise it's stealing."

Justin flipped him the bird.

Kevin noticed Justin's pockets were bulging too. "Did you and Cody take the whole jar?"

"I didn't steal anything."

"Yeah?"

"Take your retard brother and get the fuck away, bitch fag."

"Ben is not a retard."

"He's three and can't even speak a damn word. My dad says your mom is a whore, and that's why God punished her with a mongoloid retard. Two retards."

Kevin put Ben down and went for it. Justin was a year older and a head taller, but having been the smallest kid in class had also taught Kevin that not standing up to bullying had severe consequences. He tackled Justin's legs, flipping the bigger boy onto the sand. He jumped on Justin's stomach, arms flailing. Justin wasn't exactly a rookie when it came to fights, but Kevin managed to give as much as he got.

In the background, he could hear Ben crying hysterically when suddenly a strong arm lifted him off Justin, none too gently. He tried to dive right back into the fight when a harsh voice stopped him.

"Kevin O'Brien, don't you dare!"

"But Mom—"

"What did I tell you about fights?

"But Mom—"

"Tell Justin you're sorry and shake his hand."

"I won't. He—"

"Kevin O'Brien!"

"I'm sorry." Kevin didn't reach out his hand, and Justin snarled in return.

"Take your brother inside, Kevin."

Kevin took Ben back into the restaurant, still breathing hard. He kicked a wooden column and smashed his fist against the wall, getting a brief moment of satisfaction when the pain registered. His behavior frightened Ben, who started screaming again. The cries sobered Kevin quicker than his mother's rebuke.

It took a few hugs and some tickling for his little brother to stop crying.

His mom came in a minute later. Her wetsuit was still dripping, and she left smudges of seawater and wet sand on the freshly swept tiles. Her fish keeper carried no less than eight beautiful white sea bass, which she hung with her spear-gun on a hook. She then hoisted Ben up and placed him on the counter. A few strategically placed kisses under his armpits and his neck were enough to restore Kevin's little brother to his usual giggling, beaming self. Only then did she squat down to Kevin's level.

"Are you hurt?"

He shook his head. "But Mom—"

"What did I tell you about fights?"

He lowered his head. "Violence is not the way. But, Mom, he...he said..."

"He said what?"

"Hate words." He didn't want to tell her that it was Justin calling Ben 'retard' that had triggered him. His little brother's Down syndrome and late development kept her awake at nights. He did not think she needed more grief on top of that. "Hurting words."

"They're just words, and they can't hurt if you don't allow them to."

"He stole candies from the bar."

"How do you know?"

"I saw the lollipops from our jar in his pocket. Everyone knows his dad is an unemployed drunk who beats him and his mom every day and never gives him any money. He always steals."

"All the more reason to be kind to him."

"But Mom—"

She kissed his forehead. "What are the three most important things in life?"

"Be kind to other people, be kind to other people, and be kind to other people."

She kissed his forehead again. "I'm going to the house to clean myself up, okay, sweetie? I'll be back in a jiffy. Clean the fish and store them in the fridge. No more fights."

"No more fights." Kevin sighed and took Ben with him to the kitchen. He knew not to argue with his mom and knew she was wrong about Justin Murphy. Kevin had tried her way against bullies, and it only made things worse. He was confident that Justin would now think twice before calling Ben a retard again.

The old clay fish pot needed scrubbing before he could rinse the fish in it. Kevin was halfway through the job when Ben curled into a little ball in the corner and fell asleep. He then heard voices coming from the restaurant.

"Is this place even open? It looks deserted."

"I don't know. Hello? Anyone here?"

"Come on, Mom. It's not enough that we got stuck in hillbilly shitsville, but you had to pick the Krasty Krab? Let's go to that big restaurant near the pier where everyone else went."

Kevin grabbed a stack of menus and ran out of the kitchen. "Please, come in. We're open."

There were three of them. Tall, taller than most adults he knew. The one who talked was a beautiful woman wearing a white twist-knot tank top and black jeans. It was a simple enough set, but she looked nothing like any women he knew. Her face was kind, and she had a constant warm smile that Kevin liked immediately. Behind the tall woman stood two tall teenage girls, a blond and a redhead.

"Oh, hello," she smiled. "So you're open?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"Aren't you just the prettiest little thing."

He didn't want to give her a chance to listen to her daughter and try the O'Sullivans' restaurant down the street. His mother always said that money didn't grow on trees. "Thank you, ma'am. Please, ma'am, I'll fix your table for you in no time."

The woman laughed. "Do you work here?"

"Yes, ma'am."

"You seem a bit young."

"I'm just a little short for my age, ma'am, but I'm ten."

She laughed again. It wasn't the condescending kind of laugh, but one of joy. Kevin liked the sound of her voice and decided that Justin was just full of shit and didn't have a clue about these people or their bus. He rushed to the table beside them, cleaned it in a flash, and then pulled on an ornamented tablecloth before he laid the dishes.

"Are there any adults in, or are you the manager?"

"My mom is the manager and cook, ma'am. Please, sit down."

"What is your name, sweetie?"

"Kevin."

"Well, Kevin. You're not only the most handsome boy I've ever seen, you're also a very polite young man. I'm Fabienne." She offered her hand.

Kevin shook it and blushed. "Thank you, ma'am. I'll bring your refreshment. It's on the house." He zipped back into the kitchen and returned two seconds later with a pitcher full of cold lemonade.

He heard the blond girl whispering. "Mom, stop embarrassing him!"

"You mean, stop embarrassing you."

"Just stop!"

"So, Kevin, what do you recommend? Wait, are the sea bass hanging over there an option?"

He nodded, relieved. His mother was sure taking her time with the shower, and there were only a few items on the menu that he felt confident enough to make on his own. Sea bass was a breeze, though. "My mom just caught them a few minutes ago. But they'll need to be cleaned first."

"We have an hour."

"Oh, it will take maybe twenty-five minutes to clean them and grill them, ma'am."

Kevin dragged a chair to the beam where his mother had hung the fish. The tall blond girl beat him to it. She took down the fish, holding the hook at arm's length, and smiling, she gave it to him. "There you go, Kevin."

She didn't look anything like Pastor Roy Anderson's Sodomites. She had piercing green eyes and a beautiful blond mane that framed her symmetrical face. Kevin thought she looked like a fairy or an angel much more than someone who is on her way to hell.

"Thank you, ma'am."

"I'm not a ma'am, I'm Helen."

He blushed and nodded, running to the kitchen. He fired up the grill, then scraped the scales, raking three of the heavier white bass from tail to head in smooth straight movements. He rinsed the scaled fish, then gutted them, removing the gills with long-nose pliers. It was a trick his mom taught him.

The seasoning mix was prepared in the fridge, waiting to be sprinkled. Kevin tossed the butter with chopped garlic and parsley in a pan and strategically placed the fish on the grill. He then rushed back to the restaurant, carrying a tray with creamed herring, salmon mousse, lobster dip and other pre-made starters for their choosing.

The other girl, the redhead, had her nose stuck in a mobile phone. She was constantly text-messaging. It didn't bother her mother, who kept asking her questions. The three bantered, they laughed, and they were comfortable with each other. Even Helen, who looked very shy, was laughing.

Kevin felt a pang of envy watching them, because dinners at his house were unbearable. Nobody said a word, and his father always looked angry nowadays. It was a relief each time they ended.

"Wow, this is officially the best sea bass I've ever tasted." Fabienne smiled when she tried the fish. "Your mother is a talented cook."

"Thank you, ma'am, I'll tell her. I'm sorry it took so long."

"It's okay, sweetie. We'll have a takeaway if we run out of time." She suddenly noticed the tall man who stood on the restaurant's doorstep. He was staring at them, so she gave him her warmest smile.

"Howdy." When he wasn't in the office, Pastor Roy Anderson walked around in Wrangler jeans, cowboy boots, and cowboy hat. Maybe he missed his days out on the ranch and the cowboy halo that went with it. He was a hell-raiser in his youth and very popular with the ladies before he married and turned to the ministry.

He walked into the Chatty Sea Bass as if he owned the restaurant and patted Kevin on his head. He liked kids, but Kevin always felt the pastor had a soft spot for him. "Well, heck. Looks like we got some company. You folks from the Human Rights branch in Virginia? Got lost on your way to Phoenix?"

"Just a small detour." Fabienne smiled. "We heard the seafood restaurants here are the best. You're the town welcoming committee?"

"I'm the local man of the cloth."

"Well, preacher—"

"I'm a pastor, not a preacher."

"Well, I'm an atheist. I wouldn't know the difference."

"Of course you are." The pastor's smile wasn't kind. Fabienne appeared unfazed, Helen looked distressed, and the redhead looked bored. "So I'm guessing you're on your way to that thing in Phoenix? The pride parade?"

"It's a Proposition Eight protest. Same-sex marriage on the agenda today, pastor."

"Same-sex marriage? I remember a time when nobody would have dreamed of such a thing."

"Thank god we're long past those times."

"We live a simple life down here, Mrs.—"

"It's Ms. and call me Fabienne."

"Do my ears detect a slight Cajun accent?" the pastor said.

Fabienne smiled. "Vous avez raison."

"So you know we prefer to run things as they used to be. A bit old-fashioned. You know how it is down here."

"Oh, I sure do. I sure do, pastor." She nodded, and her eyes became sad. Probably touching an unpleasant memory.

"It's a funny thing, the name that you chose to call it. Pride parade. You see, I've not always been a pastor. I am a married man. Been around as they say. But I don't understand what the big achievement is. It's not an Olympic Games gold medal, and it's not a Nobel Prize. It's just sex, and unnatural sex at that. What's to be so proud of?"

Kevin didn't understand most parts of the conversation, but he could read body language. He couldn't understand what fault the pastor found in Fabienne or her beautiful daughters.

He let out a breath he was holding when his mother entered the restaurant. "Mom!" he cried, hoping to break the tension.

His mother took a second to register the situation before she shot Pastor Roy Anderson a warning glance. "Hi there, good evening," she said. "I hope you're enjoying your meal."

"We certainly did." Fabienne rose from her seat. "But unfortunately, we need to go back to the bus. I really thank you for the hospitality. Your son is an amazing host. I'm sure you're very proud."

"I sure am." Kevin's mom hugged him.

"Just a..." Fabienne pulled forty dollars from her purse and left them on the table. "Well, pastor. Imagine a young man or a young woman living down here, where it's simple. Ashamed of who they are because people who belong in the medieval period are all around them. People who seek to oppress and marginalize even people like me because God gave me a futanari gene. They feel uncomfortable at best, and that it's dangerous at worst, to be open about who they are. So when this young man or woman sees us marching, heads high, it gives them a glimpse of hope."

"Hope? What hope does your kind offer?"

"Hope that things can get better. That everyone can be free, safe, and celebrated for who they are. Hope, is important, pastor, especially in places where patches of it are few and far between. So, hell yeah, I can certainly see something to be proud of." She motioned to her daughters. "Helen, Diana, let's go."

Kevin stared after them when they left, with a sense that he'd missed something. He couldn't understand why a nice person like the pastor and a nice person like Fabienne didn't like each other. "Mom, they didn't finish their meal," he suddenly said. "They said they wanted a takeaway."

"Sure." His mother nodded. "Go after them, but take Ben with you to Annie Jane, and then come back. I have reservations for tonight."

She packed the leftovers in a paper bag while Kevin grabbed his little brother from the kitchen. He ran outside, hoping the bus hadn't left.

Helen noticed him first, and a shy smile lit her beautiful face. It made Kevin's heart beat faster. Diana smirked when she saw him, but Fabienne compensated with a huge smile.

"I've made you—" he huffed.

"You're beyond sweet." She took the bags. "Who's the love bug? Your brother?"

Kevin nodded. "His name is Ben."

"Hello, Ben. By the way, don't think that I didn't notice that your mother, who was supposed to be in the kitchen, entered the restaurant from the front entrance. Very clever, Kevin."

Kevin blushed. "I'm sorry, ma'am."

"What about? It was still the best sea bass I've ever tasted."

"Thank you, ma'am."

"So other than being so handsome, polite, and an amazing cook, is there anything else that you can do?"

Kevin really wanted to impress her. He wasn't used to getting compliments from adults, and her words made him feel three feet taller. "I...I invent jokes, ma'am. I want to be a stand-up comedian when I grow up."

"Really? Let's hear one."

"What's the similarity between a spoon, a shark, and an ant?"

"Dunno."

"They all begin with the letter S."

"Ant?"

"Her name is Suzan."

Fabienne laughed so hard she had to wipe tears; Helen sniggered, too, and even Diana smiled. "I should give you Helen's phone number so you could call her when you grow up—"

"Mom, stop!" Helen said.

"If it weren't a complete waste of time, as you can see. It was an amazing pleasure meeting you, Kevin." She leaned and kissed the top of his head. "I hope we pass here on our way back because I want to hear the rest of your jokes."

Kevin stared after the bus until it cleared the bend. He was hoping they'd pass again. Especially Helen.

He started walking towards his aunt's house, a mile's walk, when he noticed Ben missing a shoe. It must have fallen off when he slept in the kitchen. He went back to the restaurant but paused at the door when he heard the arguing.

"That's the last time you share those views in front of my children, Roy."

"Come on, Sam. Futanari? Damnation! When I was a kid, someone like her would never—" .

"I don't care," Kevin heard his mother cut the pastor off in mid-sentence. "Everyone is God's child. Everyone! No exceptions! You will not teach your hate to Kevin, you hear me?"

"Come on, Sam."

"No!"

"Please."

"Stop it—not here, you idiot. Someone might come in."

Kevin saw his mother's silhouette from where he was standing. But then she moved as if pushed against the counter. Pastor Roy's tall body stumbled after her from the kitchen, and in front of Kevin's astounded eyes, the pastor hugged her lithe form from behind. One of his big hands went to her tit; his other hand went between her legs and lifted her dress.

Tom Murphy, Justin's dad, in one of his drunk episodes had once grabbed Kevin's mother at the local fair. Her slap sent him flying into the mud. Kevin expected the pastor to end the same way, on his ass.

His mother turned around. She lifted both hands and grabbed the pastor's neck, bringing his head down for a deep kiss. The pastor lifted her dress again, and Kevin's mom, Samantha, moaned.

Kevin ran away, his little brother in his arms, the shoe forgotten. He managed a hundred steps before he had to sit down on the pier because his legs were shaking.

Ben wasn't much of a talker, but he was attuned to his big brother's moods. He tried tickling Kevin, and when that didn't help, he tried giggling. It was usually enough to start Kevin laughing, too, but to Ben's surprise, Kevin began to cry.

"Boom?" he said.

Kevin sniffed. "Boom."

--

"No good." The image on the living room's massive TV screen flickered. "It's saying 'Bad Signal' again." Kevin put the cable company's support representative on speaker, ran to the kitchen, and added the heavy cream to the pot with the melted butter and garlic. He stirred, then turned down the heat and set the oven timer to ring in three minutes. 

"Sir, I need you to reset the set-top box." The support girl was as calm as she had been twenty minutes before, at the start of the conversation. Kevin found it annoying.

"That's the fourth time we're doing it."

"Yes."

"What's your name again Ms.—?"

"It's Kelly."

"I feel like we're running in circles, Kelly. Is there a plot twist somewhere in this story? A catharsis?"

"Sir, I need to put you on hold."

"No, wait—fuck!" Kevin ran back to the living room and switched the cable box off.

Helen stopped chopping the salad and looked up. "Again?"

"Yeah, I'm starting to suspect that my call wasn't really that important to them." Kevin rolled his eyes, and Helen mimed committing suicide with an imaginary gun.

"Don't shoot yourself just yet." He turned the box on. "You're on dishes duty tonight."

"Hey, no spoilers."

Kevin went back to his ravioli, tasted the filling, and spread it on the dough. He then went back to the living room.

Diana hollered her hello from the hallway. She kicked her boots under the big table, and with a heavy sigh collapsed on the couch. She was wearing a blazer and a long-sleeved, knee-length dress. Since she'd started her new job, it replaced the casual, sexy minis that were her trademark.

"New iPhone?" Kevin asked. "iPhone-8, really?"

She shrugged.

"What happened to the LG you bought last week?"

"You can have it if you like. Now shut up, I'm working. No, I wasn't talking to you, I was talking to my boyfriend. Yeah, I get it. Look, I know the margin sucks. I don't care if we don't make money on drinks. Yeah, I know it was different with Alice, but Alice was fired by the new owner because she was doing so great. Yes. I don't care. Alice again? Jesus. You know what? Alice, who the fuck is Alice? I'm the new boss. You don't have to understand, just do what I tell you to do." Diana punched 'end call.' "Jesus. People are maggots. Seriously, so stupid."

"Look at you, all bossy and stuff," Kevin smiled. "Kind of sexy."

"Come here and give me a kiss, Kev."

Kevin dutifully gave Diana a light peck. She grabbed his neck and pulled him into a slow French kiss. He frantically pointed at the phone. "I'm with the cable company."

"What's cooking?"

"Chicken and artichoke ravioli," Kevin said.

"What? I told you I hate that shit."

"Just so you know when it's done right it can be delicious."

"If you throw it away and order a pizza maybe."

"All right, sorry, I'll try to remember."

Behind Diana's back, Helen created a little heart between the opposite forefingers and thumbs. She loved his ravioli and knew he cooked it just for her sake.

"Sir, did you reset the set-top box?"

"So far so good," Kevin said to the cables support lady. "The image is stable."

"No flickering?"

"Wait for it, wait for it. Nope, it flickered again. No good."

"Are you experiencing a bad signal again, sir?"

"Let me set the record straight, Kelly, okay? You're the cable company. You're experiencing a bad signal. Me, I'm experiencing frustration. Right now, I'm experiencing a thought that tells me to check out Netflix."

"I'm really sorry that you feel that way, sir."

"Yeah, you sound devastated."

"On our end, we can see that the signal is strong and steady, sir. Maybe you can connect the TV to the set-top box with an HDMI cable?"

"To the wireless box?"

"Yes."

"That's like my garage fixing my car by attaching it to a mule."

"Our technical team tells me that it must be something from your end that is messing with the signal. Could be a transmitter of sorts? Maybe something that the neighbors have installed?"

"Probably the hipster couple from 54B. They're evil. What now?"

"I'll send one of our technicians tomorrow, sir. Between nine and twelve sound all right?"

"Don't you think someone older would be better?"

"No, I meant...oh I see, sir. Like a joke only different. We'll contact you one hour before their arrival."

"Thanks." Kevin hung up the call. "That wasn't a waste of time at all." He went back to his cooking while Helen prepared the table, laying plates, glasses, and drinks. Ten minutes later, dinner was ready. Kevin distributed the ravioli in three equal portions. Helen attacked her dish with gusto.

Diana gave her plate a sniff, then dropped it on the table and grabbed the ketchup.

"No! Don't!" Kevin grabbed the bottle. "Ketchup is like makeup for food."

"So deep." Diana reclaimed the bottle and drowned her plate in red. "Did you two go to the movies tonight?"

"To a sci-fi flick Helen wanted to see. Valerian the City of a Something."

"Any good?"

"It was okay," Helen said.

Kevin snorted.

"I didn't say it was a masterpiece, I said okay."

"The plot was stupid. Most of the time no one understood what was going on, including the actors and the director."

"I understood everything," Helen said

"Yeah, Helen pretended that she did, but she didn't."

"Totally did."

Kevin pulled the lid off a small pot with miso eggplants and added salt. "There was this cute dragon, and it crapped beads, and this alien chick rubbed those ass-beads all over her face. Crazy. I thought we went into the wrong theatre and were watching fifty shades of Teletubbies scat porn."

"Cara Delevingne was hot, though," Helen said.

"So what? You're prettier than her. Doesn't mean I wanna see you in a movie anytime soon." Kevin changed to a gravelly movie trailer voice. "In a time when Justin Bieber uses human appendixes to clone himself, the world calls on the only woman who can make a difference, Helen Brion. A suburban girl with no skills, sex appeal, or an appendix to call her own. This summer, Justin will be served. Appendixless Three."

"I do have sex appeal."

"Comme ci comme ça." Kevin made a so-so gesture. He fired up a butane torch, giving each eggplant slice a light searing. He should have taken the eggplants and the sauce out of the pot first because the oil caught fire, the flame jumped, and almost singed his eyebrows. He paled a little but tried to be nonchalant about it by humming and swatting the flame down with a spatula.

"This summer, houses will burn," Helen said. "The show-off cook who thought he could."

"I did that on purpose."

"Just be more careful next time." Helen gave what she hoped was a patronizing eye roll.

"All part of the cooking plan. Yep."

"Saying a lie several times doesn't make it true, darling."

Diana watched the banter between her sister and Kevin and had a nasty wake-up call. For the first time, she paid close attention to the dynamic and realized that under her nose, something unexpected was blossoming.

Helen always wore shapeless suits to her office, and shapeless sweatpants and t-shirts at home. For her movie date with Kevin tonight, she wore a new, mustard sleeveless dress that accented her round chest, perfect figure, and long legs. But the main change wasn't her new dress code. Diana couldn't detect even a trace of the reserved, cold act through which Helen interacted with the world. She was a different person around Kevin. Her sister laughed, bantered, and smiled all of the time. Her walls and guard towers were down as if she felt completely safe around him, and Helen never felt safe around anyone. An outsider looking at the scene would have a hard time determining who the couple were and who was the third wheel.

Diana didn't miss the fact that Kevin said that her sister was prettier than a Hollywood actress, nor did she miss the fact that Helen looked at Kevin as if he were the sun, the moon, and the stars.

"Okay, boys and girls." Helen tapped her glass with her fork. "I have a huge announcement to make."

"You're pregnant with twins?" Kevin said.

"Shuddup! Diana, remember how you've been trying for years to convince me that we both should go on a vacation?"

"Yeah," Diana said dryly. She used to try and convince Helen to go on a European vacation. Now that she was starting to make good money on her own, the prospect of flying with her sister seemed less hot.

"Wow, and I thought Valerian was anticlimactic," Kevin said.

"It's my first vacation in, ever," Helen pouted. "It's a big deal. I bought tickets to the Seychelles."

"Where's that?" Diana said.

"Exotic islands in the Indian Ocean, near Africa."

"I always said I wanted to experience Europe, not some backwater island."

"One week on the islands, then we'll spend a week in Europe. We'll go through Slovenia, and from there to northern Italy, Venice maybe. Then we'll fly back home."

"Italy? Nice!" Diana said.

"Look at that." Kevin showed them an underwater picture of a school of eagle rays. He pulled it from a Seychelles album of two female divers whose Facebook page he followed. "Looks like a dream. Diana, you should get at least a single diving star before you go."

Diana twisted her mouth. "My Idea of an exotic island is a cocktail glass with umbrellas, a sandy beach, coconuts, and a tiny bikini."

"Wow, look at that manta ray. I don't envy you two at all," Kevin said.

Helen gave a tiny smile. "Why would you be envious?"

"I'm not. Okay, maybe just a little."

"But you're coming too."

Kevin stopped swiping Seychelles underwater photos on his phone. "No, I'm not."

"I already bought tickets."

"I can't afford anything like that, Helen. You know I don't have that kind of money."

"Who said anything about money?"

Kevin blushed. "I...I know your intentions are good, Helen."

"Then don't be a dick about it. Say 'Thank you, I'll be happy to come along.' Who else would be my diving partner?"

"But I can't accept that kind of a gift from you. It's way too much."

"Diana can't manage two weeks without you."

Diana squinted her eyes. She suspected that Helen wouldn't manage two weeks without Kevin either. However, there was no way she was leaving him at home. "Yeah, Kevin, I won't go unless you're coming too."

"And I'm not going alone," Helen shook her head. "Be a sport. You told me to start going outside my comfort zone. It's your fault. Take responsibility."

"Helen, I can't."

"You always pay for our movies, and I never bitch about it."

"Yeah, because that's exactly the same." There was a struggle on his handsome face. He'd never traveled abroad or even been on a plane before. "I..."

"We'll use force if necessary."

"I...okay, put it on my tab, with my other debt. I'll start paying it eventually." He blushed deeply.

"If that's what it takes to make you come, then I'm cool with that."

"Th...thanks. That's the, that's the nicest thing anyone has ever done for me." He kissed Diana's cheek and irritated her immensely when he went and kissed Helen's cheek too.

Helen looked like she was willing to buy him a trip around the world and a private jet just to get another kiss.

--

Helen checked herself in the mirror and blushed. She toyed with the idea of changing into the red dress she'd bought for her date with Dennis, but that dress had an unpleasant history, and she wanted this night to be memorable. She purchased an emerald cocktail dress on a whim after the sales assistant told her she looked fabulous. In retrospect, it wasn't the smartest idea.

It hugged her body perfectly, and there was no skin showing in the back and very little in the front, which was perfect because of her scars. However, it ended above the knee, and she kept trying to pull it down. At last, she replaced her high boots with stylish silver stilettos and was satisfied. The dress was still too short, but the overall result felt more sophisticated, less slutty.

Helen gave a low whistle as Kevin came out of Diana's room wearing a tuxedo, white shirt, and a bowtie. "Wow. Big like."

"Not too shabby, eh?" he said.

"Nice."

"Fuck nice. I can safely say that I'm killing it!"

"So modest."

"I got the tux from a cousin of Mike's; he's got a dry-cleaning gig."

"Jesus, is this someone else's tux?"

"Don't worry, it was dry-cleaned."

Helen straightened Kevin's tie. "You could've asked, and I would have rented you one."

"I feel like I'm taking you to the prom."

"I never went to a prom."

"I know."

"How do you...? Oh." She remembered writing about it in her letters to Andy.

Kevin spun and gyrated like Elvis. "Did I ever tell you that I'm an amazing dancer too?" He did a Michael Jackson "Billy Jean" and a nipple twist.

"Oh Jesus, gross! Don't ever do that again, Kevin. And we're not going to a dance. It's a fundraising event for a shelter for women at risk."

"Oh, in that case, we need to stop at an ATM then. Unless you guys take checks."

"As long as the check clears."

"Hey, that's the exact phrase I want on my tombstone. What about you? Aren't you getting dressed?"

"Asshole."

Kevin laughed. "Jesus, you're so easy, it's almost a shame. Almost. You look... you look like a wow."

"A wow?"

"A massive wow."

When they went down to the underground garage, he made her giggle because he ran and opened the car door for her.

"I'm giving you the prom experience," Kevin said. "Minus the vomit, the stupid fashions, and the pressure of getting a date."

"Are you sure Diana is cool with us going?"

"Dunno." Kevin pressed the ignition button and smiled at the engine's hum. Helen's Audi-4 was a dream car. "She's probably not okay. I didn't ask her if I can escort you, I stated a fact." He adjusted her driver's seat to match his height. "What's the game plan?"

"What game?"

"We should say I'm thirty-two, and I own a software company. A billionaire. No, too much. Just a millionaire. "

"Sometimes I ask myself, Kevin, what goes on inside that head of yours?"

"Why ask yourself when you can ask me? I'm sitting right next to you."

Helen rolled her eye.

"You're twenty-nine years old, rich, successful, and beautiful. As for me, a guy tried to rob me today, saying 'Your money or your life.' I told him I don't have money or a life."

"Touching story."

"Your date is a twenty-one-year-old student who's almost on food stamps. That's so lame. The least flattering item that you have tonight is me. You can do way better."

"No, I can't."

Kevin shook his head. "How about if we say I'm thirty, and I own Microsoft."

"No."

"So just rich."

"How about if we say nothing?"

"And if someone asks?"

Helen looked at him, then rubbed her scar. "I've been hiding from people all my life, Kevin. I'm tired of being a coward."

Kevin nodded. "Just for the record, Helen. You're the bravest person I've ever met."

--

"Wow, finally." William Richardson, co-founder and president of Richardson and Williams, shook Kevin's hand warmly. "After so many years, we're finally getting to meet your famous boyfriend, Helen. Some of us were getting suspicious that he might not be real." He punched Kevin's shoulder and sniggered.

"Oh no, I eat pizza, therefore I exist, sir, I'm..." he looked at Helen. She blushed because she hadn't told him anything about no boyfriend. "I'm the...her boyfriend."

"Well, you're one lucky guy. Helen is one hell of a catch, and I'm not saying that just because she served in my beloved corps."

"Oh, you served with the Marines, too, sir?"

"Major William Richardson." Helen's boss saluted Kevin and winked. When his hand went up, Kevin could see the end of his 'Semper Fi' tattoo. He had a 'well, fuck me running' moment, because William Richardson also wore a golden Rolex inlaid with diamonds.

"You're holding up the line, dear." Carmela, William's wife, a philanthropist and former Miss USA, nudged her husband.

"Yes, of course, dear. Right as always."

Carmela gave William a stare that could freeze the melting ice caps. She stood two feet apart from her husband, and everything about her body language said disgust.

The Bowery Hotel rooftop's great hall was brimming with the upper class. People Kevin actually knew from the newspaper. Men in penguin suits and fine tailoring. Women wearing the most elegant designer clothes and enough diamonds to solve world hunger. The place itself overlooked the rich side of the bay. Rows of luxurious yachts adorned the docks in the distance. The great hall had ostentatiously detailed pillars painted brilliant white, soft velvet lighting emanating from a ceiling that looked like sea waves, and an orchestra performed on a raised stage. Waiters wearing black and white hovered around the guests, bearing trays laden with appetizers.

"Whew, that was super awkward," Kevin said to Helen once they went farther inside the hall.

"Yeah, I'm so sorry about that. I knew something like this could happen."

"What are you talking about?"

"I kinda invented a boyfriend three years ago. I wanted people at the office to think I'm less of a loner weirdo."

"And I'm it?"

"No, I wanted to impress William, honest."

"And?"

"It felt so good that he thought that I have a boyfriend. That I was like everyone else..." She blushed so deeply that Kevin felt like kissing her. "You're not mad, Kev?"

"I was talking about your boss, and his wife treating him like he has leprosy—awkward. I don't mind being your boyfriend."

"Thanks."

"But you should have given me a heads-up. We need to be synchronized in case people ask questions," he said.

"What questions?"

"How did we meet?"

"In a...place."

"Good, keep it vague. Do we have a lot of sex?"

"Once a year, on April first."

"What's your favorite thing in bed?"

"Food?"

"Hell, I knew that."

Helen sighed. "Look, I'll say you're just my date for tonight. I was too embarrassed, but I'm prepared now, okay?"

"Sure." He gave her a kiss on the cheek.

"Oh my God, Kevin?" A tall blond girl wrapped her arms around Kevin's shoulders and pulled him close into a warm hug. He found himself face to face with the magnificent hills of Sharon Richardson. "What the hell are you doing here?"

"I'm here with Helen." He pulled back, a little flushed.

"Oh, hi Helen." The tall futanari model and daughter of Helen's boss, leaned and kissed Helen's cheek. The two beautiful girls gave each other a quick scan, like lionesses establishing dominance. It wasn't a fair fight, because Sharon had the libido and the confidence of Tiger Woods and Donald Trump combined. "You two? Wow. I didn't know you two dated. Kevin and I, we know each other from uni."

"Oh?" Helen's smile was faint. "Small world."

"Indeed. Oh my God, I can't believe you're here. Wow! Helen, you've got to let me steal him for a few moments."

"Sure."

"Ah," Kevin started. "I'm not—"

"Come on, I've got to show you to someone." She pulled him after her. "And I was sure this evening would be a fucking snore. I'm so glad you're here. Jesus, my mom wanted me to stand with her at the reception, but it's like the fucking cold war over there. Brutal."

"What happened?"

"My dad cheated, is what happened. She caught him red-handed, well, again. He has this sweet tooth for futanari girls. Mom kicked his sorry ass to the curb. She only allowed him to return home a week ago, but it has been silent treatment since. Brutal."

"I'm sorry to hear that."

She shook her head, jouncing a pair of diamond earrings that could feed a homeless family for life. "Meh. On the bright side, he's at such a low point right now that I can guilt him to do practically anything. I'm willing to bet that if I said 'Daddy, I want a private jet,' he'd just pull out a check. What an asshole, I hope he learned his lesson."

Kevin clenched his teeth. He sure wasn't going to tell her that her father was playing dangerous games in Sin's basement. He was confident that the tattoo and the golden Rolex belonged to the person he'd seen in the photo inside her armoire.

"You look hot, by the way, Kev."

"Thanks. You look...yep."

Sharon wore a black Dolce & Gabbana evening gown, and she looked like a photoshopped model from the front page of Vogue, which made sense, as she actually had been Vogue cover girl, twice. 


"Come on, let's check the bar, I'm jonesing for a drink." She dragged him again, and Kevin searched for Helen but couldn't see her anywhere.

"Hi. What would you recommend?" he asked the Middle Eastern-looking bartender.

The man gave him a well-practiced smile. "Domaine Leroy, sir."

"Oh, sorry, I'm Kevin." Kevin shook his hand.

Sharon snorted. "It's the name of the wine, dummy."

"Oh, I knew that. I was just trying to be funny."

"Sure."

"That would be a hundred and fifty dollars, sir."

Kevin stared at him open-mouthed. "You're fucking with me, right?"

"Certainly not, sir."

"A hundred and fifty for two glasses of wine?"

"Each."

"Ahhh, do you have something more...? Like a drink that doesn't require me to sell a kidney?"

"What is your budget, sir?"

"Probably less."

"Bottled water?"

"Sure."

"That would be a hundred dollar for two bottles, sir."

"Jesus, I didn't ask to pay your water bill, just a bottle."

"I would like to point out, sir, that all of tonight's revenues will go to financing the shelter for women at risk."

Kevin sighed and pulled out a hundred-dollar bill. "It's really hard sometimes to do the good thing. That's my lunch budget for three weeks." He sipped the water from the wine glass and clinked it with Sharon's. "You said you wanted me to meet someone?"

"See that tall Justin Bieber lookalike, talking with that brunette over there? That's Rob Fulton."

"Arctic Banana's drummer? He's your ex, right? Want me to meet him?"

"Fuck no! Quick, he's looking our way." She grabbed Kevin's neck and pulled him for a deep French kiss. Her tongue entered his mouth and ran circles around his. They were both flushed when she pulled out, Sharon from excitement and Kevin due to embarrassment.

"What? Don't look at me like that. I just wanted to give the son of a bitch something to think about."

"Jesus, Sharon, we've been through that. And now I have a girlfriend, so—"

"Helen? She's way too old for you."

"First, she's not too old, she's twenty-nine, not sixty-nine, and second, she's not my girlfriend."

"Does she know?"

"That she's not my girlfriend?"

"Because she's head over heels for you."

Kevin waved his hand in dismissal. "Fuck off. We're good friends."

"Yeah? If life were a Disney movie, she would have pink hearts circling her head and in her eyes right now."

"Based on what?"

"Based on the fact that I'm a woman, and I saw how she looks at you."

"Bullshit!"

"It's not so hard to figure out," Sharon smirked. "Does she try to spend as much time with you as she can?"

"She doesn't have many friends. What? I like spending time with her too."

"Aha! Does Helen go the extra mile to dress nicely when you're around? Does she laugh at your stupid jokes?"

"My jokes are awesome, that's why she laughs."

"Aha! Is Helen dating anyone right now? Because she's a stunner, even with the eyepatch. It's not like she'd have any problem picking up guys."

"She's very insecure."

"You're an idiot, Kev. She doesn't date anyone because she has her sights set on you, hard. She's not emotionally available to other guys."

"Emotionally what?"

"Available." Sharon shrugged. "Wanna dance?"

"Maybe later, I feel bad now for ditching her for so long. That was a dick move. I came tonight only because she needed my support. See ya sometime." He left Sharon at the bar and went to find Helen. He saw her at the other side of the hall talking to a tall, elderly woman. Helen's body language told him she was not enjoying the conversation. Her face lit up when she saw him, and she excused herself.

"Hey, there you are."

"Yep."

"Had fun with my boss's daughter?"

"She's more than I can handle. I mean, she's just as spoilt as Diana, only she has unlimited access to money, and everyone on YouTube and Twitter keeps telling her how hot she is. Her ego is the size of Nevada. Scary."

Helen laughed.

"Wanna dance?" Kevin said.

"I don't dance."

"Why not?"

"I don't dance!"

"Is it because my head reaches your chin?"

"Yeah, nailed it. You're too short, Kevin."

Kevin made a Bronx cheer. "If I had a dollar for every girl who told me, 'You're too short, but I'll sleep with you anyway,' I would have lots of fifty cents coins right now."

Helen laughed at Kevin's stupid joke. "I don't qualify to dance."

"You've got limbs, that's enough qualification."

"I can't dance."

"You couldn't dive a month ago either. Come on, you think any of these monkeys in suits knows how to dance?"

"Most of them are my colleagues, Kev."

"Most of them are clueless. None of them look as hot as you."

She smiled, gave him her hand, and he pulled her after him to a more secluded area on the dance floor. The band played salsa, not too fast, not too slow. Kevin placed his right on her hip, held her hand high and showed her how to put her other hand on his shoulder.

"I..."

"Just follow my lead."

Helen saw Sharon's little sister on the dance floor, dancing herself to oblivion with a slim Latino-looking guy. All of her boss's daughters were futanari, even though Carmela didn't manifest the gene. It made her feel a little better about Kevin and herself.

Forward, step, step, back, step, step. Kevin started a simple rhythm, and Helen did her best to follow. She glanced sideways at the people around her. Any minute they might notice the alien amongst them who couldn't move.

"Hey, relax, look at me."

She missed a step and almost stumbled, but Kevin steadied her and winked. Helen laughed.

Forward, step, step, back, step, step.

Little by little her breathing slowed and her jaw, which had unconsciously clenched, relaxed. All around her, people were focused on their own small worlds. She felt silly and concentrated on synchronizing her movements with the man holding her.

Forward, step, step, back, step, step.

"See? Easy!" Kevin spun her around. "And fun."

It really wasn't hard, and Helen wondered why the hell she'd never tried it before. It was fun. She had always been an athlete and like most athletes had good control over her body. Kevin's warm hand holding hers felt good, and so did his hand on her hip.

Forward, step, step, back, step, step.

"That older woman you were talking to?" he said.

"Suzan Owens?"

"Yeah, who is she?" Kevin said.

"A stockholder. She sits on the board. Why?"

"I could swear I recognize her voice from somewhere, but I can't exactly place it. Weird." Kevin shrugged. "Okay, you've got the basics, let's go extra." His hand left her hip and took her hand off his shoulder. He pulled her body closer and tried to tilt her. Helen pushed back when she was supposed to relax. She lost her balance, decided to use Kevin's body as a counterweight, and then the laws of physics gave her the middle finger. They crashed together against the elevated stage.

For a few seconds, Helen was on top of him, her body against his, feeling him squirming against her. He was laughing. Helen had forced herself a long time ago to stop her daydreaming about him. She thought it was immoral to have these thoughts about a friend who cared about her so much, even if her fantasies remained confined to her skull. She abolished them, and they sneaked into her wet dreams.

Helen felt herself harden, and she pulled back, alarmed.

"Sorry," Kevin laughed. "That was massively stupid."

The traitor between her legs didn't think it was stupid. It acted like a dog that had just been asked, 'Who wants to go out?' It practically wagged. Helen felt herself grow and was grateful for the low lighting. "I'm sorry, I need..." She ran on her gazelle legs through the crowd, made her way to the nearest toilets, and locked herself in a booth, breathing hard.

She waited for her pulse to slow and the Judas to grow soft, but the bastard had a brain of its own. Feeling disgusted with herself, she stumbled out to the back of the hall. Helen found an empty balcony that was facing the city instead of the bay. Millions of lights caused the dense mass of skyscrapers to glitter. Below her, the streets were like veins of red, white, and blue. Her body finally relaxed in the cold air.

The orchestra stopped playing, and the people left the dance floor. Dinner was about to be served.

She checked her mobile for messages because now she felt sorry about bailing. She saw she missed a WhatsApp from Jack, the divemaster from the club and Kevin's assistant.

"Hey, there you are." Kevin stepped out from the hall. "Why did you run off?"

"I'm sorry."

"I'm the one who should be sorry. That was good enough to be a YouTube Fail video."

"Ouch."

He did a spin and a half salsa step. "But nobody saw us crashing like idiots, so no harm was done. I'm still cool. You're texting me?"

She pretended to look at the blinking lights below; it was easier than looking into his purple eyes. "I'm texting Jack; he just asked me out on a date."

"Fuck yeah, high five!"

"I told him 'Thanks, but not at the moment.'"

"What? Why? He's a great guy. He's studying to be an architect, and he's got his own gig selling belts online. Diving is just a hobby."

"Still."

Kevin spread his arms. "You're not getting married, Helen, it's just a date. Go have some fun, for fuck's sake!"

"You saw what happened with Dennis."

"Dennis was a total tool. Jack is one of the good guys."

"I'm awkward around other people. I always feel like they're judging me because I'm a futanari and because..." She pointed at her eyepatch. "I never know what to do. Whatever I say, I feel like I'm embarrassing myself. I always end up acting like a cold bitch or a total fool."

"That's bullshit, Helen. Just be yourself, and you'll do fine."

"Be me?"

"I know it sounds corny, but it's good advice. Be yourself."

"Because I intend to show up with a painted mustache and tell him that I'm Hitler?"

"Just show him how smart and funny and loving you are, or you can show him your boobs. Guys aren't that complicated."

"Guys can be complex."

Kevin shook his head. "We only have two states: horny and hungry. If a guy doesn't have an erection, just buy him a hotdog or something."

Helen gave a short laugh. "Hotdog, and personality doesn't count, boobs do. Great advice, Kev."

"Personality counts, but mostly when you're naked."

"Wait, I wanna write it down."

Kevin shook his head again. "You're overthinking everything. Just do what you always do—be yourself. Once you let people inside, even a little bit, it's impossible not to like you. Give Jack a call, come on! Be a sport!"

"No."

"You don't like him?"

"I do; Jack is cute, and I'm not just saying it because he's your friend. It's...It's not that. I just feel that if I want to date someone, I should be giving him my full undivided attention. I can't do that right now, and it's unfair because he really sounds like a great guy. I don't feel I'm emotionally available."

"So if not Jack, try someone else- I mean, what, wait, wait, what? What did you say? Emotionally what?"

The orchestra started playing again, beginning with bass and slow cello. The lead singer joined, singing a soft, sad melody.

"Over a single sane moment, I could see the sorrow ships,

They sank beneath a deep blue of little hopes and wine."

Helen turned to him with a faint smile. "What? I'm not... I don't want to date anyone, Kevin." She turned back to the city.

"Over a single sane moment, I could see angels in the city skyline,

And my, oh my, God was on our side."

Over a single sane moment, Kevin finally could see what everyone else, including Diana, already knew, and his heart overflowed. He stared at her, mouth agape and eyes round with shock.

The human heart is a puzzle made of life pieces.

The pieces synchronized. Aligned, sharp edges gone, borders fused, and it became impossible to tell where one person ended and the other began.

Helen had never looked as beautiful as he saw her that night under the city moonlight. Helen, the girl with the eyepatch and the deep scar that crossed her cheek all the way to her broken heart. Helen, born to a tragedy because no one was going to kidnap her to Troy, certainly not Kevin.

Because when the borders of delusion touched the frame of reality, Kevin suddenly remembered who he was, and who his real girlfriend was.

"I like the view from up here," Helen said. "The city. You can't see the ugliness when it's dark. It's so beautiful."

"Mesmerizing." Kevin was staring at her. "I wish she could be mine and I could be hers."

"What? The entire city?"

Kevin didn't answer.

*****

To be continued...

You know the drill. I sweat and write the story, you leisurely punch the stars and show me love/or hate. Yep, I'm an attention whore. No, seriously, I write stories, so people would read them not out of an artistic zeal.

More than a few rants, questions, recommendations, others, have accumulated in the postback/comments section. So, I'll start using the comments to answer, argue and rant right back at you.

Chapter 9 is being edited as we speak, yep. Chapter 10 is a work in progress.



Family Issues Ch. 09
byallthatisfuta©

Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

As always, I need to thank, Stylus and Madison (ThanatopicFolds) my cool editors. This time they've made an extra effort and that's why I can post this episode so quickly.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

"Margarita was never short of money. She could buy whatever she liked. Her husband had plenty of interesting friends. Margarita never had to cook. Margarita knew nothing of the horrors of living in a shared flat. In short... was she happy? Not for a moment."

― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

-----

Kevin's diving computer beeped the end of the safety stop. Helen signaled that she wished to stay for a bit and follow the three massive sea turtles that were cruising the clear water below them. Kevin slapped two fingers against his palm, asking for her air level and she answered sixty bar, rounding up.

He checked for himself, saw her bluff, and motioned for her to go up. It was frustrating because she still consumed twice as much air as he did, meaning that they limited their time underwater to her abilities. Kevin promised her that her air consumption would improve with practice, but it was happening too slowly for her. Once she dived into the blue, she was reluctant to go up. It was a weightless, noise-free world. No phones, no TV, no disturbances—just her and Kevin.

The diving instructor smiled from the deck of the Southern Jazz and tossed his head like a pendulum when they surfaced. Shawn's white smile made Helen think of sunshine. He was always smiling. "Wewillandondabeachbefore we go backtobuvaloo," he said.

"Shawn, I know you speak English, but I didn't understand a word of what you just said." Kevin helped Helen take off her fins.

"We will land on the beach before we go back to Beau Vallon." The young Seychellois instructor slowed down his speech. "Good dive?"

"Pffft." Kevin shook his head. "Good?" Joy enveloped him like a halo, and it came out with a throaty laugh. He climbed on the Southern Jazz's ladder and pulled Helen out of the water onto the divers' ledge, her entire six-foot-plus frame, soaked wetsuit, air tanks and all.

"Oh, Kev, you're so strong, so manly." She smiled. "Ooh la la."

Kevin might have bothered with a retort to her tease had he not been high on the dive. "Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God," he jabbered, unable to contain his euphoria. "Did you see the blacktip sharks, Helen? And that octopus? Massive, I've never seen anything like it in my entire life! Freaking monster! And that ray, Jesus! I went down, and you were like, 'whaaat?' Then you went like the road runner. 'Meep, meep, zoom!' And I was like...insane. When you went head to head with that turtle, I thought you were trying to French it."

Helen laughed; Kevin's enthusiasm ignited hers.

"Diana," he shouted. "You wouldn't believe, oh my God, we saw a stingray the size of a football field."

"More like—" Helen opened her arms as wide as she could.

"The King Kong of stingrays, and I went to say hi, and Helen panicked and grabbed my fin, like the chickenshit she is, and—"

"I've read the sting can be fatal if it hits the right spot," Helen said.

"You know what?" Kevin's smile was pure bliss. "If God decides to kill me right now, then I'm absolutely cool with that. I think I've reached the summit today; it can only go downhill from here. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, for taking me to this amazing place." He circled his hands around Helen's wet body and hugged her tight, then kissed her cheek. "Thank you."

Helen was thankful that her new tan hid her blush. Lost for words for a moment, she tried what she hoped was nonchalance.

"Awesome," Diana said with the enthusiasm of a boyfriend dragged to a mall on a shopping trip. She was slouched on a bench in the bow, whose sun-faded green paint matched her cheeks' hue. The up and down sway of the boat didn't agree with her breakfast, and Kevin and Helen's enthusiastic diving bond didn't help much either.

Kevin tried to diminish his smile, to show a little empathy. "You okay?"

"Do I look like I'm fucking okay? My head is killing me."

"Did you drink enough water?"

"It didn't help."

"Well, that concludes my training as a doctor. Good luck."

"Sometimes I wonder why I even keep you around, Kev. You don't know the first thing about being a boyfriend."

"Wanna break up?" Kevin brightened.

"Babe, you'll never have someone like me."

"Yeah, that's the point, actually."

"You're super mean today, and I hate you."

Kevin sighed. He couldn't help being sympathetic. He unzipped quickly out of his wetsuit, sat down, spread a towel, and cradled her head on his knees. He then gently started massaging her temples. Diana purred and snuggled into him.

There were several Chinese and French tourists with them on the diving safari, but Kevin and Shawn clicked after ten minutes together. "Look to starboard, Kev, there's the lagoon and the beach," Shawn tapped Kevin's shoulder. "No matter how many times I come here, it is always beautiful."

As the Southern Jazz cleared the shoulder of Mahe Island, they approached a secluded shore. Black granite giants guarded the grove of palm trees and gleaming white sand. A small stream snaked and looped between the smooth cliffs and gathered into a pond at the point where the beach met the bright blue and turquoise Indian Ocean.

"At the risk of sounding like Paris Hilton, oh my God."

"We're at the north point of Mahe. The only way to get on this beach is by a boat. That's why we're alone here."

"I didn't know places like this existed. Diana, you gotta see this."

She reached out behind her, looped her hands around his neck and drew his lips to hers. Her tongue jumped and played around in his mouth. She wrestled his tongue back and forth. Kevin tried to pull himself up, but she locked him in position. When the kiss ended, she kept nuzzling him.

"Had a miraculous recovery?"

She pulled him for another kiss. Not that she was ever shy, but recently she had become more physical in public, especially around Helen.

Shawn navigated the Southern Jazz to the shallowest point before throwing the galvanized steel fluke anchor. Kevin jumped to help the crew unload. He carried boxes and equipment to shore on his slim back and helped the other divers get off the boat. Helen watched from the deck, a little envious as Kevin struggled with Diana in his arms. Her little sister didn't relish the thought of getting wet.

Helen wore a one-piece Jack Cuba bathing suit under the wetsuit. It was futanari-designed with a special patented compartment that could hide any unpleasant bulges. It gave the viewer the illusion of straight lines, even if its wearer was the best-endowed futanari girl. Diana, on the other hand, wore a regular red bikini. It sat perfectly on her heroin chic slimness except in the crotch, where there was no mistaking the fact that Diana was packing a heavy weapon. It was a bathing suit that said, 'This is me, this is the body I was born with; anyone having a problem with that can suck my big fat dick.' Helen often wondered if she'd ever feel as comfortable inside her own skin.

Two broken logs served as a makeshift table for the small group to gather around. A rainbow-colored hammock was swaying in the soft wind between nearby Borneo Tick trees, and Diana conquered it as soon as she stepped on the sand. She gave a shout of glee when she discovered that she finally had service on her iPhone.

"Diana, fun fact," Kevin said. "If you put your ear against an iPhone you can actually hear the sound of your life wasting away."

"I'm talking with Ethan; he's at the club."

Kevin twisted his mouth when he heard the name Ethan. "What time is it there anyway?"

"One a.m. The club is jumping."

"You're on vacation. You're in paradise, or at least as close as it gets."

"Just a sec, Ethan, Kevin here's kinda burning my nuts." She lifted her head. "I get it, palm trees, sand, ocean, river, big effing rocks. Very nice." She went back to her call.

"I'm so sane about you right now," he said.

"What does that mean?"

"That I'm not too crazy about you right now."

"Baby." Diana mimed a blow job, her tongue stabbing her cheek and her hand moving aggressively up and down.

"That's my girlfriend, always the lady. I'm going to sit over there and dig a hole because I feel like burying myself."

"You can sit right here, baby." Diana grabbed her crotch and wiggled it.

The French divers were looking their way, not even trying to hide their fascination. One of them sniggered. Kevin folded what little was left of his dignity, and with his face burning, he trudged to the area where the rest of the diving crew were making lunch.

Helen, who was enjoying the sunbeams on the beach, jumped to her feet when she noticed Kevin chopping vegetables. She loved watching him cook. He was in a zone when he held utensils, relaxed and focused. The knife in his hand was a blur. To an outsider, it looked like random vegetable molesting, but Helen knew that every movement was pre-planned. She joined him, helping to wash and peel, careful not to break his rhythm.

Shawn stared with a twinkle at the speed the salad materialized. "You two have had some experience in the food industry, right?"

"I used to work at my mom's restaurant, and Helen eats food. She's very experienced."

"You're saying I'm fat, Kev?"

"I wouldn't say fat, Helen. I mean you are fat, but I wouldn't say it. I'm a sensitive guy."

"Wanna die?"

"Is that a trick question?"

Diana could eat like a pig all day and remain slim as a noodle. Helen wasn't so lucky. It was a hard battle against the exquisite delicacies Kevin cooked daily. However, unlike Diana, Helen applied iron discipline to almost everything she did, including work, exercise, and food. Helen pinched her flat stomach and frowning, picked up some skin and imaginary calories between finger and thumb. "Be honest, Kev. Did I gain extra pounds lately?"

"Heck, no! You were always this fat."

"That's it, you're dead."

He dodged her punch and dashed over to the beach, Helen fast on his heels. His legs kicked white sand as he sprinted past the grove, over to the pond. He dove headfirst, half a second before Helen. She launched herself like an offensive tackle and grabbed his ankle. Kevin dolphin leaped out of the water, laughing, and she pushed his head back under, holding him down. He struggled for a few seconds. Then his body relaxed, and Helen panicked. She pulled him out, then remembered that the little faker was a free diver and could hold his breath for almost five minutes. It was too late. Kevin stuck out his tongue and paddled away. There was a palm whose crooked trunk slouched above the pond. Someone hung a rope from it, and Kevin climbed, quick as a monkey, pulling the line after him.

"You'll eventually have to come down, or we'll leave you here."

"I'm planning on staying on this shore forever, like Robinson Crusoe."

"I'm not fat, I'm slim."

"Anorexic. Eat something." Kevin threw her the rope, then frowned when she started climbing. "I'm not sure the trunk will hold."

"Did you know, Kev, new research discovered that overweight women live longer than men who point it out?"

He helped pull her up, and she crouched beside him, her long legs folded beneath her and her skin glistening. It was the end of September, but on the Seychelles Islands, the sun was up and flexing its muscles across the bright blue. After four days under the open sky, both Brion sisters showed their creole roots. Diana's skin was baked into bronze, and Helen changed from Nordic pale to rich honey brown. It was a sharp contrast to her blond locks, and it made people stare. Not that she cared. The only person whose stares she craved had his heart set on her little sister.

"So, Robinson Crusoe," she smiled. "I think I'll stay with you on the island."

"Who said you're invited?"

"Hey!" She elbowed him. "Other than Diana, if you had your pick, who would you take with you to a deserted island?"

"John Locke, to fight the Others, Gregory House in case I get this rare island disease, and Megan Fox to...to...? Who gives a fuck, she's Megan Fox."

"I was gonna say you, Kev, but now I'm changing it to Peter Dinklage, 'cause well...Peter Dinklage."

"Oh, yeah. Fuck Locke and House. Peter Dinklage all the way."

"Are you happy, Kevin?" she suddenly asked.

Helen smelled like sunblock cream and heartache. Kevin stared at the curve of her soft lips, wondering what would happen if he just reached out and touched them. He nodded.

"I'm happy," she said. "You were right. There is more to life than the way I used to live. I mean, look at this place."

He nodded again.

"I wish this vacation could last longer."

"Things have gotten complicated," Kevin's brow furrowed as he stared across the sand at Diana. She was still talking on her phone but she raised her head from time to time, watching them. "It's nice to stop the race sometimes and just put it aside for a while."

"Things have gotten complicated since you met Diana and me?"

"I think things have gotten complicated since Mom popped me out of her belly," he said. "Before that, I was doing great."

She guffawed but nodded because she could relate. "You were right about the fence. I'm always sitting on the fence, or in the backseat watching other people do things I never dared to. You were right. I was scared. I have this terminal fear of failure; I never try anything. I hate mistakes."

"Mistakes can be good sometimes; at least you learn from them."

Helen shook her head. "Not for me. Mistakes scare me. I hate mistakes."

"I'm a mistake," Kevin said.

"No, you're not."

Kevin nodded. "My mother got pregnant when she was seventeen. She had an affair with a married man, no less."

"What?"

"Yeah, I'm a mistake, Helen. Luckily for me, she was a devoted Christian. Abortion wasn't an option."

"Wait, wait, what?" She stared at him wide-eyed. "Your mother? The one with the 'What would Jesus do?' book and the righteous proverb for every occasion? Had an affair with a married man?"

"She was only seventeen. A kid."

"So what did she do?"

"She didn't want to give birth to a bastard or to be a single mother, so she married a neighbor. A thirty-five-year-old bachelor who was in love with her."

"What?"

"Funny, huh?"

"So, your father...I mean your real father...?"

"My real father is the person who raised me from birth and was always there for me. The other douche contributed an ejaculation. Any idiot can do that."

Helen tried to think fast of anything to say, but everything she came up with sounded condescending, insensitive, or stupid in her head.

"My whole life is a big, hilarious mistake."

It was the first time he'd let her inside. He knew every embarrassing secret she had because he had read her letters, but there was no equilibrium like he'd once tried to pretend. Kevin played poker in real life. The fact he could reach down and expose such a deep nerve made her wish she could reach out and blow away the dark cloud she recognized in his eyes. She had no clue how to even begin to do that.

"I would like to withdraw my former statement." She leaned and gave him a tiny kiss on his cheek. "Sometimes mistakes are awesome."

From her perch on the hammock, Diana stopped talking to Ethan, and her mouth twisted to a snarl. The kiss looked innocent enough, but it fed on her darkest fears. The little green-eyed beast was crawling out from the closet.

---

"Punch a man on the nose, kick an old man downstairs, shoot somebody or any old thing like that, that's my job. But argue with women in love—no thank you!"

― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

---

Helen sipped the coffee, leaned back on the comfy chair, gazed at the sunset over the sparkling water and read another paragraph of The Master and Margarita. Life stood still, and that stillness tickled her fingertips. She took another sip and then winced. From below, a metallic sound of something heavy being dragged across the guesthouse's yard popped her tranquility bubble.

"Kevin, what are you doing down there?" she said.

"Nothing."

"Still nothing? You said you were doing nothing fifteen minutes ago."

"I'm not done doing it yet."

"Can you try doing nothing more quietly?"

"Sorry, had to clean the grill. Toss me the salt from the kitchen, please." Kevin stepped back from under the guest room's balcony so she could see him. He carried four beautiful redfish filleted on a tray. "I bought them from two fishermen here on our beach; they opened a stand right outside the villa. Two euros. Can you believe it? Whoever said Seychelles was expensive didn't know what they were talking about."

"Nice. I'll go set the table."

"I wanna go to that Indian grocery and buy some red wine."

She gave him thumbs-up and went inside, shaking her head and smiling. "I think Kevin is a hyperactive adult. Sixty minutes of a Games of Thrones episode is the longest I've ever seen him sit on his ass in one place."

Diana, who was busy applying eyeliner and checking out her new tan in the mirror, nodded and smiled right back. Helen was so terrible at reading subtext, even her own sister's. She failed to brace for the storm that lurked under that smile.

"We're moving out," Diana said.

"Yeah, we'll check out in the morning and leave our suitcases with the caretaker. Don't worry." Helen smiled. "There won't be any boats or diving tomorrow. We can't dive before a flight. We'll just hang around the beach, work on our tans, and maybe do some snorkeling. We'll be landing in Ljubljana by eleven."

"No, we're moving out of the penthouse, Kevin and I."

"What?"

"Moving out."

Helen felt the blood draining from her face. "What? What? W...why?"

"Enough is enough. You've always wanted me to be a grownup. Grownups don't live at their big sister's expense. I'm earning enough money now to rent my own place."

"What? W...why? You and Kevin don't bother me." Helen spoke fast. "If you need more room you can have the study. We can break your wall. I don't need the study."

"I want my own apartment."

"You can have apartment 3C. My tenant there is moving out in two months."

"Kevin's old dog kennel apartment downstairs?" Diana smirked. "Really?"

"I'll renovate it."

"It's tiny."

"But why pay when you can have your own apartment, rent-free?"

"My idea of moving out is not moving a few floors down."

"You're right. It's too small. You're the couple, and I'm the single. I'll move downstairs, and you two can stay in the penthouse."

Diana shook her head. "Ethan is looking for an apartment for Kevin and me north of the river, near the club."

"But, but, that's an hour and a half drive when there's no traffic." Helen felt her legs start to shake. She didn't care. "Kevin doesn't own a car; he rides his old bike. How the hell is he supposed to...?"

"Come and visit you?" Diana smirked.

"How the hell is he supposed to get to the university? To his diving club?"

"He can take the bus."

"That's crazy, Diana. You two don't bother me at all."

"He's not your boyfriend, Helen, he's mine."

"What?"

Diana turned and resumed applying her eyeliner. Helen found herself shaking uncontrollably, staring at her little sister's back. She took deep breaths for what she felt was forever; still, her voice trembled when she finally spoke. "Have I ever done anything wrong to you, Diana?"

"He's not your boyfriend, Helen."

"Kevin?"

"Don't play dumb. You're anything but dumb, and you're shit at pretending."

"Hey, look at me!"

"Or maybe you think I'm dumb?" Diana finally turned. 

"Diana, please."

"I'm not an idiot. I've seen you looking at him."

"What?"

"Pretending again?"

Helen shook her head. She felt the first tear going up until it welled in the corner of her right eye.

"You're in love with my boyfriend. My boyfriend!" Diana raised her voice.

"Diana—"

"Say I'm wrong! Come on. Lie some more. You're doing great, by the way."

Helen bit her lip hard until she felt the skin break and blood gush inside her mouth. She then sat down on the bed, shaking.

"At least you're done with pretense. That's good. I don't really understand what your plan was."

"Plan?"

"You thought that at some point he'd dump me, and then what? Run into your arms?"

"Diana, I swear on Mom's grave that I never...Diana, please..."

"Kevin loves me."

"I know he does. He came back to you after you...I know he does. And I know what I look like. I know that life is not a Disney movie. The beauty never marries the beast." She pointed at her eyepatch and scar. "I also know that if you take Kevin's friendship away from me, I'll return to be who I was five months ago."

"What's that?"

"Lonely."

Diana's face softened for a second, but then she shook her head.

"Please, Diana, don't move out of the penthouse. I'll do anything."

"I can't, Helen. It's something that I should have done years ago."

"Jesus, Helen, you need Ritalin. I asked you to get the salt." Kevin chose that moment to appear smiling at the guest room's door. "It's—" he suddenly noticed the mood inside the room. "Whoa, what happened in here? You two had a fight?" He noticed Helen on the verge of tears and immediately went and sat beside her. "Hey, Valkyrie, what happened?"

Helen shook her head. She knew that if she opened her mouth, the dam would break.

"Diana?"

Diana faked a smile. She was boiling on the inside. Her loving boyfriend saw her upset and immediately ran over to comfort Helen. "Let's just go to bed, Kev."

"It's seven o'clock, and I have fish on the grill."

"Forget the stupid fish, I wanna go to bed."

"Nighty night."

"When I said bed, I really meant sex."

"Aha."

"Don't 'aha' me." She raised her voice. "I need to be balls deep in your sweet ass right now!"

"Do you want me to get you a mike and speakers? Because I think some people on the beach didn't hear you."

"Fuck 'em. Nothing wrong with wanting to make sweet love to my boyfriend."

"Are you drunk? Is she drunk?" He turned to Helen. "All I did was go and buy some fish. What happened in here?"

Diana started to say something when her phone rang.

"Not now, Ethan, I'm kind of in the middle of something."

"What?" she raised her voice.

"What?

"What?

What do you mean the same account?"

"Idiot!" she suddenly screamed. "How did...? I'm gonna shoot her, I swear Ethan, I'm gonna shoot her and you. People who are that stupid don't deserve to be alive."

"The fucking who?

"Jesus? Am I screwed, Ethan, did you just screw me over? That's it. I'm coming back tonight. Fuck it."

Kevin stared at her. "What happened?"

"Shit happened. I need to fly back home, tonight. I don't believe the idiots." She was pale with anger and something else. Fear. It was the first time that Kevin had ever seen his girlfriend afraid, and it shook him to the core. Diana grabbed her suitcase and tossed everything that was at arm's length inside.

"Diana, you're on vacation half the globe away. Can't the people working for you solve whatever crisis came up?"

"I won't have people working for me or a job in a couple of days unless I fly tonight." She paced back and forth until she stopped and towered over him. Kevin recognized the wild look on her face and shuddered. She looked like that when she was drunk or high, a moment before the violent outburst. "No. I gotta fly back. Get your suitcase; you're coming with me, Kev. Helen, if you want the car back, you'll need to drive us to the airport."

"I'm not going with you," Kevin said.

"Like hell!"

"First, I dived to one hundred feet, so unless you want to see me decompress nitrogen bubbles and die, I'm staying on the ground for the next twenty-four hours. Second, there is no way I'm leaving Helen alone here."

Diana's cheek twitched, and Kevin thought she might explode, no nitrogen needed. She checked her iPhone. "There is an Emirates flight from Victoria to Washington in less than two hours. Drive me to the airport, Kev."

On the way, he was too afraid of her seething wrath to press her for explanations. When they reached the terminal, she jumped out of the car into the dark without saying a word.

"Diana, don't go!" he said.

"I've got to go."

"Those people you work with. I don't know much about them, but I know they're criminals." It was the first time he'd acknowledged that he knew her new job wasn't all she pretended it was. They never spoke about their night in the angels' and devils' mansion. But then, they rarely spoke about anything. "Stay. Whatever it is, we can figure out a solution. You, me, and Helen."

"I gotta go, baby." She ran off into the dark, and a minute later she ran back to the car, opened the door and kissed him deeply. It was a desperate kiss, and it frightened him.

By the time he returned to the guest house, Helen was already asleep. Her pillow was wet. Her eye was puffy, and there was a dried trail of tears down her cheek. She'd fallen asleep crying. He kissed her gently, then sat down on the couch beside her bed instead of going to his own room. He lay in the dark for a very long time, staring at the ceiling and listening to Helen's soft breathing. By the time he finally fell asleep, the first rays of the rising sun had already crawled onto their balcony. The new day didn't bring relief or a promise of it.

---

"Love leaped out in front of us like a murderer in an alley leaping out of nowhere and struck us both at once. As lightning strikes, as a Finnish knife strikes! She, by the way, insisted afterwards that it wasn't so, that we had, of course, loved each other for a long, long time, without knowing each other, never having seen each other..."

― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

----

Kevin scanned the horizon from the church's bell tower on Bled's Island. Winter went summer sale shopping in Austria, and it didn't go south of the Alps yet. The sky was clear, and the peaks of the Julian Alps to the north still had only little splotches of white on top. Below him, the lake's water glimmered invitingly. It was scenery worthy enough to lift any spirit. He gazed down at Helen sitting outside the island's restaurant on a small ledge facing the shore. She didn't touch the ice cream he'd bought, and she pulled out the book she was always reading since they'd started their vacation. She said she was too tired to go up the tower stairs, but Kevin suspected it was something else. No spirits were lifting—not his, nor hers.

Depressing silence enveloped them as the tourists' boat took them back to shore. Helen kept her head stuck in the book, and Kevin convinced the oarsman to let him take over the oars, though he watched Helen the entire ride. He had no way of knowing it, but Helen had been reading the same paragraph for the last hour. The words flew like little bees around her brain, bumped against her scattered thoughts, and didn't make any sense.

By the time they started walking through the souvenir stalls in Bled Lake market on their way back to the parking lot, the silence had become unbearable.

"Hey, that book you're reading," he said. "I think I remember it."

Helen lifted the book. Its title was The Master and Margarita, and the cover displayed a silhouette of a cat. The cover was partially scorched as if someone saved it from a fire.

"You kept it inside your letterbox?"

Helen nodded. "I had it in my pocket when I was injured in Iraq, that's why it looks like that. It took shrapnel for me. I've read it since then, every year. It's excellent."

"My dad's uncle fought in Korea. He used to show us kids a bible that he kept in his left pocket above his heart back in the days. Once an artillery barrage caught him in the open. A bullet hit his knee, and the bible was saved. Hallelujah, praise the lord."

A few days ago, his stories could make her laugh, but now she barely nodded. Kevin studied her, feeling the frustration lurch in his stomach. Something happened with Diana on their last day in the Seychelles. He and Helen still talked and laughed together, but something was broken. He tried to press her several times and only managed to push her further inside that lonely place she used as a hideout. Each time he did, he watched in frustration as she raised another line of bricks in her wall. It was up and running again, with guards and machine guns, the wall between them that they took so long to demolish.

"Andy gave you that book, right?"

Helen nodded.

"What was he like?"

"Andy?"

"Yeah."

"I heard a few thousand people showed up to his funeral."

"What does that mean?"

"It means people loved him. A man among men, fearless. Intelligent and charismatic. He was the kind of guy every guy wants to be friends with, and every girl wants to be much more than friends with. "

Kevin felt a pang of envy. "Did he know?'

"What?"

"That you loved him."

She scanned his face for a second and then gazed out at the lake. "Whoever said I did?"

"Come on. You never admitted to it in your letters, but it's loud and clear in every line you wrote."

Helen was quiet for a long time. "He might have suspected," she finally said. "He wasn't stupid."

"Why didn't you ever, you know, hint? Tell him?"

"To what end? Andy could have had any girl he wanted. He wasn't interested in a six-foot futanari lump."

"How do you know?"

She shrugged.

"You should have gone for it anyway."

"Just to have my heart broken?"

"Just to know the truth. Now you'll never know."

"Kevin, I..."

"What?" He stopped walking.

"There is something..." She started and choked. She couldn't tell him how she felt. They'd be back home in a few days, and Diana was going to take him from her. Maybe they'd see each other from time to time, but she doubted if Diana would ever allow it now that she knew how Helen felt about him.

"Well?"

"Never mind. I'll drive." She took the rented Opel Corsa's keys from his hand. She had to occupy herself with something, to keep her mind off the harsh reality.

"We have a six-hour drive to Venice. Seven, since you want to take the detour through Triglav Park. I'm not saying you're a slow driver, Helen, but my grandma, may she rest in peace, was Michael Schumacher compared to you. And anyway, when was the last time you drove a car with a manual transmission?"

"Ten years ago. It's not something you can forget." Helen shifted to second gear, and the Opel screeched because she forgot to engage the clutch.

"Good luck," Kevin said.

"Thanks."

"I was talking to the car."

Helen couldn't help smiling, and that made his heart a little lighter.

---

"'I believe!' Margarita whispered solemnly. 'I believe! Something will happen! It cannot not happen, because for what, indeed, has lifelong torment been sent to me? I admit that I lied and deceived and lived a secret life, hidden from people, but all the same, the punishment for it cannot be so cruel...Something is bound to happen because it cannot be that anything will go on forever...'"

― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

----

Helen was a Sunday driver through and through. They cruised the highway at fifteen miles below the speed limit and caused an embarrassing traffic jam for several miles. The driver in one of the cars which passed them hollered, 'Where the hell did you learn how to drive?' Kevin reassured Helen that the man was jealous of her driving skill and wanted to learn too from the best. She didn't buy it.

To make things even worse the GPS went on a strike precisely near the quaint little village of "IhavenofuckingIdeaWhereI'mat," which made them take two wrong turns. By the time they cleared the long road winding down the green mountain pass going through the park, the sun was setting. Wisps of fog descending from the Alps to greet them.

Kevin's mobile hummed ELO's Evil Woman. "Hey."

"Hey, baby, I've been trying to reach you all day."

Kevin placed his phone on the dashboard. "How was your trip back home, Diana?"

"Long and hard. But the hardest part is you being over there instead of here, baby."

"You'll live."

"Speaking of which, I have a long and hard situation right now."

"You're on speaker, Diana."

"I know. Helen, cover your ears. Kevin and I are gonna have phone sex."

He thought it was too bad she couldn't see his eyes roll. "I get that the crisis at the club...?"

"It's still a crisis, but I'm on top of things."

"Great."

"You and Helen having fun together?"

"A blast."

"As long as you're not having an affair behind my back, I'm okay with that." Kevin could actually hear her smirk over the phone.

"No, we're just having sex. No-strings-attached kind of thing."

"Nothing too kinky, I hope?"

"I'll let you be the judge." Kevin said. "We have a foursome tonight with a dwarf and a circus rubber girl. Helen, do you think we still need to use a condom if she's a rubber girl?"

"I don't want to take part in this conversation in any way." Helen's fingers clutching the wheel were white, and she was driving slower with every passing moment.

"Okay, whatever. Just don't do anything naughty and come home ASAP."

"Sure."

"Love you," Diana said.

"Bye." Kevin pressed the End-Call button. He didn't have the energy for his girlfriend.

"It's nice that you two get along better now," Helen said.

"What?"

"It was cat and mouse during the first few weeks, and I felt terrible that I had a part in that."

Kevin stared at her, and Helen blushed.

"I...I feel that you two have reached some good point. That you're in a better place right now, you and Diana."

"Sure, we're like Romeo and fucking Juliet."

"Are you mad at me, Kevin?"

"Why would you say that? Hey, why did you turn right? The GPS says forward."

"I can't drive in this fog," Helen said.

"Want me to drive?"

She pointed to some lights ahead of them. "We'll find a room."

"We're six hours from Venice. Let me drive. We're gonna lose a whole day if we don't make progress tonight."

Helen shook her head and stopped near a sign that said 'Ciginj.' She rolled the car a few more yards in front of a private house. "Excuse me, sir," she asked an elderly man who was trimming his live fence. "Are there any rooms for rent around here?"

The man reminded Kevin of Old Tom, an aged neighbor who lived on the beach near the restaurant. Hard as the sea itself, Tom always seemed like he was one of its elements, like a wave or a seagull. This old man looked like he was carved from the old rocks of the Alps themselves.

"You're in luck," the man said. "I have one vacant apartment. It's five hundred meters down this trail, just above the river. You'll have a very nice view tomorrow."

"Great," Helen said. "We'll take it."

"I'll need your passports for the registration and one hundred and forty euros."

"One hundred and forty?" Kevin said.

"It's the honeymoon suite."

"We're just passing through on our way to Italy," Kevin said. "We don't need a honeymoon suite or a view."

"I see. It's still one hundred and forty euros."

"Did you know that our first lady is Slovenian?"

"She's from Svenica; it's two hundred kilometers that way." The man pointed east. "Maybe they'll let you sleep for free. Here it's one hundred and forty euros."

"He's trying to rip us off," Kevin whispered to Helen. "We're off-season. A two-person apartment is fifty to seventy euros, tops."

"I don't care," Helen said. She was emotionally exhausted.

----

"I do not know these good men," replied the prisoner.

"Is that the truth?"

"It is."

"And now tell me why you always use that expression 'good men'? Is that what you call everybody?"

"Yes, everybody," answered the prisoner. "There are no evil people on earth."

--Jesus and Pontius Pilate in conversation

― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

----

The club had good vibes flying like electricity, but the current was made of love, or at least love waiting to happen. People were hyped. Diana had been the queen of clubbing once, but now she was an empress. She contemplated the mass of young bodies writhing below her, high on the crazy beat.

There was a lot of envy behind her hatred for her big sister, but also a desperate need to earn Helen's respect. To show her that she, too, could make it big. Bigger. She wasn't a businesswoman, but she knew what a good club should look like, and she had a ton of connections in the clubbing scene. She made the impossible possible. Two months ago, this place was dead; now her club was the go-to place on the weekend.

It was a double-edged sword.

Agent Brian Thompson was the whitest man she had ever met in person. A WASP wearing an ugly black suit and an ugly tie. He was in his late twenties, probably fresh from the academy. He was blond, had a baby face, and beautiful big blue eyes behind black-rimmed glasses.

He smiled at her as he climbed the stairs to her office, holding a cheap black bag under his arm. His handshake was good, not too strong, not too weak. He avoided looking at her cleavage, which was something most men couldn't.

"Ms. Brion." He nodded as he held open the door to her office, very gentlemanly. She couldn't help liking him a little, even though he was the angel of death.

"It's Diana."

"Ma'am?"

"Nope. No Ms. and no ma'am. Just Diana. Have a seat, Brian."

He nodded and smiled. Diana vamped to her tall executive chair, taking her time and allowing him a very thorough ogle of her peachy little ass. Since she'd become the club manager, she started wearing blazers and long-sleeved, knee-length dresses. Tonight, however, she wore a red mini. It was open in the back, all the way to the crack of her ass.

She heard him fidgeting in his seat and smiled inwardly.

In Money Laundering 101, step one is placement. Money can't appear in the financial system out of thin air. Pick a respectable business, like a nightclub. Let your dirty money mix with genuine hard-earned dollars, then deposit. Later it will be traded through many transactions, investing in Bitcoin and in countries that have a lighter hand on the banking system, until the newly clean money can be reinvested.

But you've got to be careful, because the opposition is not dumb. They've got their feelers out, searching for anomalies, like an unexplained surge in deposits. Don't be too greedy, was Suzan Owens' motto. Low-key is the key, because the wolves of the FBI's Financial Crimes Division were always on the prowl.

"I would like to reassure you, ma'am...sorry, Diana—it won't happen again. I would like to reassure you that there is nothing to be alarmed about. This is just a routine check; we do it all the time."

"Do I look alarmed?"

"No, ma'—" He smiled like a man who'd just avoided a close call. "But people usually feel a bit uneasy when we pay them a visit."

"A surprise visit?"

His smile grew wider. "Now if people knew we were coming, that would defeat the whole purpose, wouldn't it?"

Diana faked a smile. She'd known he was coming three days ago. Suzan Owens had her own feelers inside the FBI Financial Crimes Division. The FBI looked for patterns. Exceptional numbers of bank transfers, a business with multiple bank accounts for no apparent reason, or a newly acquired business with an unexplained surge in its financial flow.

During the past weeks, the club been pulling in over 30K every night it was open. One of her employees made a blunder and deposited the entire revenues plus the dirty money from Suzan, despite Diana's strict instructions. It wasn't low-key, and now she was screwed.


"Is there anything in particular that drew your attention to my club?"

"Some financial statements that look a bit odd. I'll have to sit down with your accountant. I'm sure everything is in order, and we can sort everything out."

"Had I known that FBI agents were so handsome, I would have made my financial statements much odder much sooner."

"Thank you, ma'—Diana." He actually blushed. Cute. "But let me remind you that obstruction of justice is an offense."

"So now the FBI has joined the thought police? Since when is giving compliments a crime?"

"It's not."

"So it's okay to say that I think you're hot?"

His blush colored his cheeks and neck. Super cute. "Ma'am, I..." He showed her his ring.

"Do you carry the little wife in that ugly bag?"

"Certainly not." He laughed.

"I hope you don't mind. It's something about handsome men in suits that makes me a bit flirty."

"A bit?" He laughed.

The one thing Diana was confident about was her looks. She was a beautiful girl, and she grew up to be the kind of woman men were desperate to touch, even if they sometimes had a hard time admitting it.

"Well." She rose to her feet and circled her desk, leaning on it next to him. "I am a futanari, after all. Some people say that we're just women with an extra something, out of political correctness. Bullshit! God gave me both male and female parts and a libido greater than both combined."

He stared at her and gulped.

"You can't blame me for trying."

"I'm not." He took a deep breath. "But you see, like I said, I'm here about some financial statements that look a bit odd."

"Not odd at all, did you see the number of people on the floor? I've turned this place upside down."

"Yes, very impressive." He wasn't cynical. She doubted he could be.

"There is a line of people to the next block, begging the doormen to let them in, and whom I'm dying to let in, but I can't because of the fire department's strict regulations."

"That would explain things; still, I will have to review your records with your accountant."

"Ethan will be here soon, and you guys can have your fun. Kind of a shame."

"Why?"

"Financial records bore me to tears. I was hoping you'd swallow the bait so we could have some other kind of fun. I must be losing my touch."

"Ma'am." He coughed, and his hands clutched the bag for protection. ""I'm...It's not...I'm not... It's not. I'm straight, to start with."

"And getting some on the side with a futanari will make you what? Gay?"

"No."

"I never understood people's obsession with labels. Gay, bi, straight? Who gives a fuck if you're straight or heteroflexible? A ton of so-called straight guys would give a lot to find out what it's like to be a bottom bitch to a girl like me."

"I'm..." He wiped his forehead. "It's hot in here." He gave a short, embarrassed laugh. She could see in his eyes the struggle between duty, fidelity, and conventions on the one hand and his penis on the other.

"Because my records are good, but I can be as bad as you want me to be." Her finger brushed against the back of his hand, and he stared at it, his eyes wide behind the glasses. "Have you ever been one of these guys, Agent Brian? Have you ever fantasized about tasting the other meat?"

He gulped again. "I'm...the..."

She lowered her hand, sliding her open palm over his inner thigh, slowly until her hand brushed the intersection between his legs. He was harder than titanium. "I guess I know the answer to that."

Lust won.

----

"Follow me, reader! Who told you that there is no true, faithful, eternal love in this world! May the liar's vile tongue be cut out! Follow me, my reader, and me alone, and I will show you such a love!"

― Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita

----

"Bowie."

"Who?"

Helen slipped into one of her grey tank tops and grey leggings and stepped out of the small room into the living room and kitchen area. She dragged the brush slowly through her glistening hair and scanned the room. "Bowie."

"Who?"

She followed the sound of the voice and found Kevin snuggled on the couch. He looked like he was ready to tuck himself in, though it was not even seven o'clock. "David Bowie, haven't you heard of him?" Helen searched the playlist on her smartphone and connected it with the cabin's sound system. The first guitar notes of "Space Oddity" danced between the walls of wooden house. "Ground control to Major Tom?"

Kevin shrugged and covered his lithe body with a blanket.

The honeymoon suite turned out to be a wooden cabin at the end of a sandy trail. It stood secluded, far from the fringes of the mountainous village of Ciginj. Below them, Helen could hear a river running, but it was too dark now to see anything. The rooms were new and painted white, with white drapes and soft, romantic illumination. It also included a king-size bed, a spacious bathroom, a walk-in closet, and a living area with a French window opening out onto a cozy portico. The spacious terrace just outside the room had a wet bar and a sizeable temperature-controlled plunge pool.

Excellent value for one hundred and forty euros, Helen thought. Except no one will be using the facilities.

The air smelled of a storm, and blue lightning zigzagged on the northern horizon. "Looks like it's going to rain." She tried to smile.

"I think I'll hit the sack now. We've got a long ride tomorrow."

"No, no. You slept on the couch for the last two days. My turn," Helen pulled the blanket playfully off his body. "You should take the bed."

Kevin shrugged, and Helen felt like crying. The shower had washed away some of her depression, but she panicked when she realized that her grief was pushing him away, and she might lose whatever was left of their friendship. She'd tried to change that for the past hour, but now Kevin appeared uninterested.

"You hungry?" Making food would pull him out of his indifference. "I saw a little grocery down the road. I can try to make ravioli if you want, I mean if you'll guide me through the steps?"

His phone started ringing "Sure, whatever. Hi, Dad.

"Yeah, still on vacation.

"In Europe now. Slovenia. Yeah, with Helen.

"Yeah, super fun.

I'm just tired, Dad. I'll call you tomorrow and tell you all about it. Bye, Dad. Love you too."

"It's really inspiring." Now it was her turn to feel like she was scaling a mountain that didn't want to be climbed. Helen gave another faint smile.

"What's so inspiring?"

"You and your father. You have this special bond."

"Yeah, special," he said dryly.

"I mean, the fact that you went through so much just to help his business stay afloat. I think it's beautiful. You two have been through a terrible tragedy, and still, you're like...unbreakable."

"My father and I?" Kevin gave a short laugh that was dried out of any trace of humor.

"What?"

"Nothing." Kevin sat down at the kitchen's table and rubbed his face. "You're so clueless, Helen. Sometimes I wonder how come you even work with people. It's like you don't understand other human beings at all."

"Did I do anything to you?"

"My father and I, Jesus Christ. My father and I, we're like a big fucking dark hole that keeps growing and growing. Sometimes I think you're just stupid, Helen, then I remember how smart you are."

"Thanks. That was kind." Helen's lower lip trembled. "What was your mother's motto? 'Kindness before everything else?' I bet you've just made her proud with so much kindness."

"My mom married at eighteen a thirty-five-year-old man she didn't love because her parents kicked her out when she got herself pregnant, and she needed a provider. So she wore his ring, slept under his roof, and fucked him. They even had a sweet boy together. My little brother, Ben. But she hated every fucking minute of it. The fact that she wasn't with the man she loved ate her up from the inside. She ended up loathing him for not being the person she wanted him to be. Do you have any idea what it's like growing up in a house where your mother hates your dad?"

Helen stared at him, her mouth open, her heart struck by freezing northern wind. She'd never seen Kevin angry or cruel. "I'm...so sorry."

"What about, Helen? She ran over to the douche who knocked her up, every chance she had. Just so she could fuck him. It's not like he was going to divorce his wife, because my real father was a respectable man of the cloth, a pastor." Kevin's face contorted to a snarl, and he spat the word 'pastor' with disgust. "Every chance she got, Helen. And my dad knew she was putting horns on him day in and day out. He did nothing."

"Wh...why?"

"Because he worshipped the ground that she walked on. That's love for you. Totally fucked up. I told you that the car accident wasn't anyone's fault, didn't I? That's a big lie too. She picked up my little brother from the special daycare, then she drove over just so she could fuck him, even though a storm raged outside. She couldn't help herself. When my mother and brother died, she was on her way to see her lover. And the most fucked up part about it was that I could have stopped her myself. Dad asked me where she went, and I lied. I could have told him, and he would have stopped her. But I covered up for her, like I always did because she taught me to hate him too. The man who raised me even though I wasn't his."

"Kevin..."

"So that's my dad and me, Helen, and our special, unbreakable bond." The last three days were torture for him, seeing the woman he loved drifting away. Now it all burst with a bang. His aching heart started dripping through his purple eyes.

"I have a big hand in the death of the woman he loved and his real son. That's on me. I owe him a debt, Helen, that I'll never be able to repay even if I have to be the boyfriend of twenty fucked-up monsters like your little sister. Oh, yeah, Diana and I, the lovebirds? I hate her guts. Diana is a spoilt, lazy, insanely self-centered, cruel little monster, and I hate her sometimes like you wouldn't believe, even if I pretend that I don't." He rose up from the table, wiped his tears on his sleeve, and without saying another word went into the bedroom.

Helen wanted to run away and hide. To lock herself in her penthouse's study or to drown herself in work. Any place she felt safe. But that was the old Helen from five months ago, and she was fighting a rearguard battle. Kevin had changed her.

The new Helen stood on shaky legs and followed him. She found Kevin sitting on the bed, his face buried in his hands, so she sat beside him and wrapped her hand around his shoulder. Just like that time he stayed with her in the kitchen after her terrible date. She held his shaking body close while he silently sobbed, rubbing his shoulder and giving comfort.

Lightning flashed close by, followed by the screech of thunder. Rain started knocking on the bedroom's window.

"You know, Helen, I had this puppy love for a girl in my school. Laura. I didn't know it, but she was my half-sister, the pastor's daughter. She hated me. Only years later it dawned on me that she knew about my mom's infidelity with her dad. She hated us because my mother was tearing Laura's family apart just as she was tearing ours."

"I'm so sorry." She wiped the tears from his eyes with her palm. "But why...? I mean, your mother, why?"

"Why do I always pretend that she was a saint?"

"Yes."

"I told you once that I'm a total phony. What else have I got, other than pretense, Helen? A father who hates me? A dead brother? A fucked-up family? A whore of a mother? A little monster for a girlfriend? I've got pretense, Helen, nothing else. Better the memory of an imaginary mother than the real one I had. Sometimes I hate her so much."

"Don't."

"She was a horrible person."

"She was only human. Not a saint, only human." Helen kissed his head and wiped his tears again. "Why are you and Diana together, Kev?"

"She used someone to get hold of my dad's debt. She threatened to sell his business and sue him unless I came back to her. If she takes his shitty electronics store, then he doesn't have anything left. I can't let my dad take another hit. He already had a heart attack after Mom and Ben died. I just can't."

"You can't be with someone you hate either. That's insane."

"I'll fucking marry her if I have to."

"Christ. The..." She closed her eye. "Why? Why didn't you say anything?"

"You seriously gonna pretend that you didn't know, Helen?"

"Of course I didn't. I would have never let Diana treat you like—" She choked because she remembered doing precisely that on the first day they met.

"Wouldn't you? No, you didn't know the details, I'm sure you didn't. But you suspected that something wasn't right; you're not stupid. You're just like me, Helen. You're a liar, lying mainly to yourself."

"I..."

"Be a real Valkyrie, just this once."

"You'll hate me too if I tell you the truth."

"Please. I've got to know, Helen."

She nodded and blew air out. "I was...this is tough. Okay. I was afraid that if I knew the truth, I'd have to force Diana to give you up, and you'd be gone in a second from my life too. Those two weeks you went away were the longest two weeks I had to endure. So when I lay in the hospital, I...well you said it. I pretended. I didn't want to lose you."

"I don't want to be your friend anymore, Helen."

She hugged him tighter. "It was selfish, and I was the opposite of a good friend, but I'm human too, Kevin. I promise I'll make everything right."

"Shit, that didn't come out right. I can't be just your friend anymore. I'm in love with you," he said.

"What?"

"I am."

"W...what?" Another flash of lightning struck outside, and she felt it had hit her core. "You, you, you what?"

"You heard me," he said quietly.

"I, I heard words, but they didn't make any sense."

"Yes, they did."

Kevin pulled back, and his purple eyes were like every fantasy she'd ever had of him, every moment she had wished could exist between them. She had run this scenario a million times, inventing little stories. Sometimes Helen was Brienne in Game of Thrones, and he Jamie Lannister. Sometimes she was a shy Librarian in New York's Lincoln Center and Kevin a student. The story always ended with a kiss and lovemaking. Now that it actually was happening, she froze, totally lost.

Say something, Helen screamed at herself inside her head. "But Diana..." No, you idiot. Say something else.

"Don't look so guilty," Kevin said. "None of that is your fault."

"Not my fault?"

"Not your fault that Diana grew up to be a little monster. Not your fault that I hate her. Not your fault that I love you. I just do, and I'm tired of lying all the time and pretending." He swept her wet hair aside and kissed her tenderly over the collarbone.

"I don't understand."

"Yes, you do. It's not that complicated. I love you, Helen."

She closed her eye and took a deep breath. Tell him you love him, tell him you love him, tell him you love him. "I..." Say it, goddammit!

She felt a hot breath on her neck, then the tender brush of lips. Burning as they made contact. Kevin's hand ran through her hair, and the kiss became harder and more urgent. A wave of pure pleasure ran through her body. The lips left her neck, and she gulped, aching for their return.

Another bolt of lightning brightened the room, and the nearby roar of the thunder made her jump.

"Do you want me?"

Helen nodded quickly.

"I'm down here."

Helen opened her eye. Kevin was lying on his back, watching her. She gently laid her long form beside him. "I don't understand. You're really in love with me, Kev?"

He looked at her with those violet orbs of his that stole her heart long ago and the rest of her with it. His lips felt soft on hers.

Kiss him! Kiss him! Kiss him! Helen screamed at herself, so she leaned forward, lips tightly shut, and with her teeth clenched, she pressed against his lips.

Kevin laughed.

"What's so funny?"

"You kiss like a little girl."

"Hey!"

"I'll teach you. Open your mouth, no, no, too much. That's right. Tongue out, just a little." His hand caressed her shoulder, and his other went to her face and raked a tingling trail from her brow down to her chin. Helen shuddered. His lips hovered, a millimeter from her, almost touching but not entirely, his hot breath caressing. His thumb brushed her lower lip.

Kevin pulled his head back, smiling. Then he repeated the process, like slow, sweet torture. She tried to claim his lips with hers, her head rising from the bed after him, but Kevin pulled back, smiling. Helen learned the true meaning of yearning.

"Please..." she whispered.

He leaned forward, eased his lips into hers, and Helen lunged, desperate. A second later she growled her frustration as he pulled up again.

Kevin shook his head, smiling. "Not like that. Slower."

"Slower?"

"Much slower. It's not a race, we've got time."

Her round chest was heaving up and down under her tank top. Kevin caressed her cheek, and she kissed his fingers. It had a calming effect, and she stopped breathing so hard. "I've wanted you for so long," she said.

"How long?"

"Remember the night we met?"

Kevin laughed. "I'm crazy about you, Helen Brion."

His words ran down her neck all the way to the hot area between her legs.

"Slowly," Kevin warned.

She nodded and let out little whimpers of anticipation. Slowly was the keyword, easing into every kiss. Nadine, the twins, Sin, and even Diana had left him small pieces of themselves. From Nadine, the warrior queen, he learned that lovemaking wasn't a war.

His tongue touched hers. Helen tasted Kevin on her taste buds for the very first time and wasn't satiated even a little. His tongue lightly caressed hers as he held her head with both hands. She moaned and pressed forward again, but this time she kept herself in check. When she pressed too much, he gently pushed her back.

His hand caressed her shoulder, traced down to explore her chest. She was eager to show some initiative and grasped his palm in hers, their fingers intertwined, dancing a little jig of their own. Their palms pressed into each other.

His tongue was inside her mouth. Not intruding but knocking gently, asking politely to come in. It was slow and soft, and it flooded her with want.

Helen was lost in the kiss and the sensations flowing through her as two gentle hands played with her breasts. Kevin coaxed her tongue out to play, his thumbs flicking and brushing her nipples under her tank top. Another crash of thunder exploded nearby, but she barely even heard it.

He pulled back, smiling and teasing again, but this time she was having none of it. She pulled his head back to hers, and covered his mouth with hers, hungrily.

His hand traveled farther south, and his fingers caressed the bulge between her legs. Helen gave a sharp intake of breath. He slowly pulled his fingers across her length, and Helen exploded. She didn't even know she was on the cliff's edge. But his body's sweet fragrance, the Kevin scent that sometimes made her hard in the mornings, was all around her. His tongue was in her mouth, and before she knew it, her body arched and the betrayer between her legs ended everything way faster than she was willing to give it up. She exploded inside her pants, drenching everything with lust.

After she climbed down from ecstasy, Kevin hugged her head to his chest and nibbled her forehead while she huffed, whispering into her ear sweet nothings. That felt amazing too.

"I still don't understand, Kevin. How is it even possible?"

"You were excited?"

"No, silly. You? Me? When did it happen? How, how did it even happen?" She placed her soft lips against his neck and quietly lingered there. 


"I dunno exactly when. I hated you at first."

Helen buried her face in the crevice of his neck, breathing him in.

"But not for long. I was curious about your dynamic with Diana. You pretended to be an Ice Queen, but once I took my time and really looked, I could see it was only a mask. And then I accidentally read your letters, and the person who wrote them was warm and sensitive, with a huge heart. You were the opposite of everything you projected. Then we became friends, and in the end...in the end I just couldn't help it."

"But...? I mean..." She remembered Sharon Richardson, the model, clinging to Kevin at the fund-raising event. If he did hate Diana, why would he pick her when he could pick anyone? "I mean...Why me?"

"You're Helen."

"Last time I checked."

"You don't understand. You are my Helen. You think you're ugly, when in fact you're beautiful, inside and out. When you're stressed, your lip trembles, and you always laugh at my jokes, even the crappy ones. And you never say that anything I cook is less than divine. And when you really start laughing, you sound like a choking fog horn, and you cry in romantic films. And you know Krav Maga, and you blush whenever I touch you like a fourteen-year-old in love. And you won a Bronze Heart for bravery, but you're so embarrassed if I ever mention that to anyone and, and a million other things that I'm crazy about. You're everything that I ever searched for."

"Like Google?"

"It was a close race, but Google doesn't have your boobs."

Helen sniggered. "I'm completely, embarrassingly wet."

"Yeah," he kissed her ear, "I think it's about time we get you out of these clothes."

Helen tensed.

"It's okay."

"No, it's just..."

"Yeah, I know." He pushed himself off her and left her hungry again.

"You know what?"

"I know you, Helen Brion, and I know what you're thinking. That if I see you naked, then I'll run away somehow."

"It's...my scars. They're really ugly," Helen said in a low voice.

"It's crazy, by the way, because I'm crazy about you, and I'm done running." He stepped outside the bedroom and hit the light switch. "Better?"

"Much better."

There was dim light from a lamppost outside, but the room was in dark shadow. Kevin could see only Helen's silhouette, which bothered him because he loved looking at her delicate beauty. From the living room, David Bowie sang how "the shame was on the other side."

"What is he mumbling about there, anyway? That Bowie dude?"

"Heroes," Helen said. "It's about two people who are in love, but there is a wall between them. The Berlin wall."

"Want me to shut him off?"

"No." She took a deep breath, peeled her tank-top off and wriggled out of her soaked leggings and panties. Freedom. Being naked with the man she loved was total freedom and absolute torture. Helen tried to find his silhouette in the dark, then felt the bed move as he sat down somewhere to her right. She reached out, and her fingers bumped into his warm body. Kevin was naked, too, and Helen pressed her fingers into his abs. She had once seen him naked in Diana's room, and the image haunted her dreams. His warm body made her throb again downstairs.

Kevin squeezed her leg, and she shuddered.

"Hey, relax, I won't do anything you don't want me to do."

"But I want you to do..."

"Do what?"

"Everything?"

Kevin laughed. She heard him squeeze a tube, followed by a squelching sound. "Just lube," he whispered. "Something you learn to keep around with a futanari girlfriend." She felt his wet hand dragging on her cock and had to bite her lip hard to avoid screaming.

"Wow, you are a big girl."

"Is that bad?"

"You're perfect." He pushed her on her back again, and his nimble fingers played on the crown of her cock, rubbing the skin and sending electricity through her body.

Helen lurched.

Kevin took his hand off. "Too much?"

"No, no, it was nice," she said quickly. "You, you can touch it. I mean, if you want. I, I, I mean, I don't mind."

Kevin snorted. His nimble fingers played on her corona again and then dragged all the way down. She felt hot breath on her bulbous head and almost exploded again when his tongue tasted her slit. He knelt and kissed just the tip, rubbing the head lightly over his lips like an obscene lip gloss. Helen shivered. Kiss followed kiss on the fat head, each kiss longer and more sensual than the last. He made out with her cock.

"Ohhhh," she moaned and bit her own hand.

His fingers swept up and down on her length. His other palm patted her ball sack playfully. Helen felt her cock stretching. Kevin held it firmly and used his index finger to support the base of her penis, adding slight downward pressure. He applied some lube in his other hand and slowly stretched out the length of her penis. Once the lubed hand was near the top, Kevin brought his supporting hand up, repeating the same slow stretch. It was trick he'd learned from Diana, who was the master of narcissistic love.

Both his hands left her body, and Helen was left confused, pulsing, and breathing hard on the bed.

"Kevin?"

She shivered when his tongue dragged down her stomach, his lips pressing into her skin as he traveled the trails of her body southward. She spread her legs, eager, but he trailed his tongue down her hip to her thigh. His mouth made its way to her knee before moving to the other side and working its way back up the inside. He went back to kissing her stomach, slowly, planting love bites around her belly button, his hands rubbing the side of her body. She felt him straddling her legs.

"I want you, Kevin," she heard herself saying. Her head was somewhere in a fluffy cloud, and it was hard to think. She saw his shadow rise above her body, and then his hand was on her cock again. She felt him crouching, and suddenly her tip was rubbing against his ass.

"Oh."

His hand was on her cock, lined up with his pucker, rolling the tip in a slow circle around his ring, which sent lightning bolts of pleasure through Helen's spine. She felt something drip on her stomach.

He took a deep breath, groaned the word "relax"—she wasn't sure if he meant her or himself—and started sitting down. Helen felt his outer ring stretch around her girth.

Now they were cooking with fire. This was finally happening.

It was incredible in every sense of the word, and she hissed her pleasure. She pressed up, needing Kevin to envelop her. Her toes curled as she felt the elastic muscle stretching around the head of her cock.

"Kevin."

He groaned in return.

He sparingly pressed down, allowing gravity to take more and more control, gradually increasing the pressure. The harder he pressed, the more the circumference of Helen's bloated cock head expanded. Helen moaned, and a second later his hole yielded at last and accepted the blunt tip of her glans. The elastic muscle closed behind her, sealing her in. She was inside.

Kevin let out a deep breath. "Like?" he grunted.

"Oh yeah. Is it good for you?"

"The best."

"Can, can, can I touch?"

"Always."

Helen reached out with a shaking hand and touched the point where their bodies melded. She gently caressed his opening where she ended, and he started. Her fingers played on his tiny ass, and Helen cupped each cheek and squeezed. She reached over and laid her hand on his muscular thigh and squeezed once. She left her hand where it was, enjoying the feel of his toned leg beneath her fingers. Her hand accidentally bumped into his erect cock. She reached out shyly, and touched it with the tip of her finger, like a girl discovering a lollipop. Kevin must have found it immensely hilarious because he laughed. She ran her fingers along his length, marveling at the texture and heat. It was the first time she'd touched another person's soldier. The fact that he was hard and leaking excited her. That was her doing. It was a physical attestation. She wrapped her fingers all around it, and Kevin's hard member jumped in her palm.

He slid further, slowly and gently, and Helen moaned.

"Ready for more?" he asked her.

Helen mumbled something in return.

He drew a deep breath and then slowly but steadily fed the rest of her into his loving butt. After the initial penetration, he slid down until his ass cheeks pillowed on his lover's lap. He was ready and warm and shaped perfectly to every ridge and bump her cock had to offer him, forming to the rigid shaft that probed his insides. She shuddered each time she hit a new spot. When her scrotum bumped into him, Kevin shoved himself forward to make her feel how deep she was.

"I'm..." She knew she was on the edge of the cliff this time.

"Deep breaths."

"I-I'm gonna cum," she whispered.

"Wait. Deep breaths."

She tried. She failed. Helen exploded again. One second, she was breathing hard, and the next she was falling down and apart. Her balls clenched and clenched, and she coated his insides with her seed. She thrust hard as she did, lifting him off the bed with her powerful muscles. Crying his name like a Valkyrie, she grabbed his thighs for support and thrust up hard, pulling out a little and then slamming back in as she hosed him with her baby-making seed. Kevin rode her waves, clutching her with his muscular legs. With a final shout, she lifted herself to a sitting position and hugged him, squeezing Kevin's hard body against hers. Holding him, her head resting on his shoulder, Helen spasmed a few last times inside him. She didn't let go, even as the shock waves subsided. Helen held onto him, breathing hard.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, "I couldn't wait."

"That's okay."

"Nooo, you should say that I was perfect."

"You are." He nuzzled her neck.

Outside their room, the storm grew stronger. The drumroll of hail on the roof meant that Mother Nature was taking it to the next level. Helen wanted time to stand still. She wished she could keep holding him like that through the night, or at least for a little while more, till the next millennium.

"Did that couple from the 'Heroes' song manage to break down the wall?" Kevin said.

"The Berlin Wall? It fell in the early Nineties."

"What about our wall?"

"Ours?"

"I kept bumping into it since the Seychelles. You wouldn't let me in, and it was so frustrating. I wanted to scream at you, then I remembered all the times I'd lied and pretended. I think it sort of blew up. I'm really sorry that I called you stupid."

She kissed his nose, holding him tighter. Her cock was softening inside him, but she didn't feel like pulling herself out. "Diana plans to move out with you once we're back, even though I begged her not to. She can really be a little monster sometimes. Every time I looked at you, I kept thinking how she's going to take you away from me soon, and that my heart is going to break. "

"Hey, I know it sounds corny." He leaned back, took her hand and placed it on his chest. His strong heart pulsed under her fingers. "She can take me all the way to China for all it's worth, but you're always right here."

"You're right, it is corny." She hugged him so tight his bones moved. "She's not taking you to China, or around the block."

"How was your first...time?"

"Amazing. How was your first? I mean, with me."

"Amazing." He kissed her lips tenderly, and she opened up like he showed her, her hands holding his face.

Her cock stirred back to life inside him. "The best you ever had, right?"

"Yes."

"Put more heart into the lie, Kev."

"Well, it was kind of short, and I still haven't, you know..."

"Hmmm..." She nibbled his neck. "I think the problem is not that I came too fast. I think the problem was that you're too slow, Kev."

"Yeah, that's it."

"Crap. I was terrible, wasn't I?"

"No, you were amazing. And remember your first dive, how clueless you were? How come you think sex is something you try once, and immediately you should be a master diver?"

"I wanna be the best you ever had." She pressed her lips to the skin on his neck, just underneath the collar, then lightly bit into the flesh on his shoulder.

"Ouch."

"I won't settle for second place."

"I know a great guy who's very eager to practice with you."

"Any pointers?"

"Do whatever feels good. Explore. Be adventurous."

"Be adventurous?"

"Or not. I love you either way."

She grabbed his ass cheeks and pulled him into her. She then shoved into him as far as her body would allow, his loud moan echoing through her.

"Slow!" Kevin gasped.

Helen maneuvered their bodies so that she was on top of him, still etched deep in his tight hole. A strip of light from the lamppost touched the edge of the bed that was closest to the window. She supported her body with both hands on the sides of his torso, staring at his handsome face revealed by the light. His purple eyes shone and made her heart flutter.

"Hi," he smiled.

"Hi."

Kevin pulled himself up and licked all the way along the underside of her sternum and pressed his mouth there. He swung his head and tongue underneath her right breast, along her side, tracing each rib, then back again. When he brushed his chin close to her nipple, it made her gasp. Kevin opened his mouth, and she held her breath as he sucked on it, his warm mouth wet on her nipple. Then he released it and blew air on it.

She started a very slow grind, a gentle, extremely slow in-and-out motion. She pulled back a little and then slowly slid it back in until Kevin's ass swallowed her to the root. Kevin placed his hands on her moving, peachy ass; his fingers played on the powerful muscles of her haunches, rolling her long body back and forth. Over and over, she gave him a slow massage. Stomach pressed against stomach, the friction was creating heat and sweat. Kevin's cock was pressed between their warm bodies, rolling as hers moved over his. She smiled as she watched his head jerking a little as she bottomed inside him. She enjoyed a small victory as he closed his eyes slowly, like a cat surrendering to a finger scratching his head. Helen loved him so much at that moment that she was afraid to blink; she might miss something. She stopped to lean and claim his lips for another kiss, then felt his legs curling around her bottom, pulling her in. She lifted herself again and indulged him. Setting a slow rhythm, trying to block out the fantastic sensation of his bottom swallowing her.

"I want you," she said.

"I know." His hands rubbed her stomach, pressing his palm against it.

"I want you." She took hold of his hips. Backing a couple of inches out, she shoved back in. His arms went stiff and clenched on her abs, and his back arched.

She started again with a slow, steady rhythm and gradually lengthened her strokes. Kevin sighed with contentment. At one point, she sank in balls deep and succumbed to an earth-shaking shiver that unexpectedly ran up her spine. His tightness was so incredibly stimulating. It milked her rod of flesh, and she wanted more than anything to just let loose in him. To breed him on his back. As the wave of passion rose up to her pleasure center, she rested briefly, careful this time not to pop too early.

She was a stranger in a strange land. What did Kevin say? Explore? Her hand reached out to his cock between them. She cradled his balls, just above the point where her cock was etched deep inside him. She then massaged his rod, scooping pre-cum from his tip. She leaned over to his smiling face, moving out of the shadows into the light and showed him the fluid scooped by her finger. She then licked the tip like a lollipop and finished by sucking it into her mouth and running her tongue over her lips.

"Hmmm...Yummy. Adventurous?"

He must have liked the show because his sphincter reacted by tightening its grip on her tool. Helen started moving harder inside.

She grabbed Kevin's ankles, she pushed his legs forcefully up, until his knees were on his chest. That made him open and susceptible to every inch of hers. She pulled until only the head was inside him, then she plunged back in, maybe a bit too forcefully, and ground her balls to him. He yelped from the shock of it. She started pounding him faster than before, all the way out and then all the way in till she hit bottom, sometimes making him flinch.

Kevin was panting hard, and high-pitched whimpers spilled out of his mouth every time she bottomed out. He was writhing underneath her. Her back arched, pushing herself closer to his body. She grabbed his head, and kissed him deeply, not missing a stroke, fucking him hard as her mouth covered his. Her body was glistening with sweat and some of the pre-cum from his cock. She felt her own wetness streaming onto the mattress from her slit.

She abruptly pulled entirely out and rolled onto her back.

"Wha...?" Kevin sounded as dizzy as she felt. "Where, where, the—did you go?"

"I want you on top," she said.

"Oh, okay."

"No, not like that." She said when he straddled her. "I need you to..." She flexed her legs, opening them wide.

"What?"

"What?" She said, a bit confused by his reaction. "Your turn?"

"S..sure." He stood on his knees between her legs, not moving.

"Kevin, what's wrong?"

"You want me to—?"

One of her hands grabbed him, and her other one wrapped around his cock. It was hot and really wet around the head. It pulsed in her palm. She half pulled, half guided him. Under her smooth, heavy sack lay hidden the female genitalia. Less stretched, more compactly arranged, as it had to share the real-estate with the male parts. Still, it was wet and ready. Diana never even let him touch her there, and his entire body shuddered when the head of his cock breached the wet, tight opening.

They both gasped in unison. Then he was no longer lost. Mother Nature called him, and Kevin thrust.

Helen's body arched underneath him, and she cried in pain.

"What happened?" He stopped.

"Nothing, just, you know...I guess you popped the cherry. It's my first time."

"Oh, sorry, mine too," he said.

"What?"

"My first."

"Yeah, right. Funny."

"No, I swear. I'm...yeah."

"You mean to say that Diana never let you?"

"Nope."

"I'm your first?"

"Yep."

"Woohoo!" She made a power fist.

"Yeah, don't be so smug. Feels incredible, by the way. May I?"

"Slowly."

It was an invasion. Helen exhaled as he went deeper; her hand rested on his stomach to control his progress, as she was a little stressed. She tried to relax around him and failed. He thrust, and it burned a bit, but she took care not to wince. She wanted him to keep going and feel the same incredible pleasure his body so generously gave her.

He saw, though, and stopped again. He wetted his hand and clasped Helen's stiff cock, and the other searched her folds, gently. He lined the labia with his fingers, curling them towards his palm and started lightly touching that lining, from the bottom all the way to the top. Nadine had taught him how to pleasure a futa's folds.

Helen moaned.

Kevin found the little knob of Helen's clit that was standing at full attention and stroked it up and down, feather touching. He felt around it and very gently pinched it using his thumb and forefinger.

Helen had a sweet vaginal orgasm. It wrapped her entire body like a soft blanket, from the roots of her hair and down to her toes. She slapped his hand away when he tried to stroke it again.

"Too much," she huffed.

His other hand pumped her cock, sliding on the slick skin, going up, pinching the head between thumb and index finger, before going back down.

He started thrusting again. The feeling of entering Helen for the first time, his cock being used for its purpose for the first time, was indescribable. It was right, it felt perfect. Overwhelming. He placed his hands on her waist, marveling at how her hips moved as he plowed inside her. As the head moved deeper, her pussy stretched around his shaft.



Helen's cock erupted for the third time. She still had enough juice in her to drench them both. She heaved and panted, her body arched beneath him, and her legs looped around him.

Kevin was in seventh heaven. His head up in the clouds. He intended to make it last forever, but then Helen told him that she loved him and had been in love with him for a very long time. She told him that he was her sun, her moon, and her stars, and he came instantly inside her.

After that, there were only warmth and soft kisses.

The world outside their window was a storm, and nastier storms were brewing on the horizon. Diana was one. Nadine and the darkness that enveloped her was another. There was a lot to be concerned about, but nothing could breach that night the happiness of two people who found each other through heartaches.

Outside their window, people were cruel to each other, people spent their whole lives in miserable relationships, people hated other people for being born different.

But inside their dome, there was only tenderness. That, and David Bowie, who kept on singing.

I've nothing much to offer

There's nothing much to take.

I'm an absolute beginner

But I'm absolutely sane.

As long as we're together

The rest can go to hell.

*****

To be continued...

Oh yeah, finally. You've stretched that tease over 9 episodes.

You know the drill. I write the sexy stuff, you press the stars and leave me a note to show that you care (or not). It's not over yet, but there is light at the end of the tunnel. There are 4 more planned chapters (I hope I won't stretch any of them into two chapters).



Family Issues Ch. 10
byallthatisfuta©

Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

As always, I need to thank, Stylus and Madison (The girl from down under) my cool tough editors. How tough you ask? This chapter I've added a whole new word to the Queen's Language and Stylus killed it. Bare hands, people.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

--

I don't believe in an interventionist God
But I know, darling, that you do
But if I did, I would kneel down and ask Him
Not to intervene when it came to you
Oh, not to touch a hair on your head
Leave you as you are
If he felt he had to direct you
Then direct you into my arms.
--Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds

--

Happiness is rare. It's a delicate, golden string that shimmers at the corner of your eye. One wrong move, one wrong touch, and it can slip through your fingers. Sometimes happiness is a nightmare-free sleep, waking without a single scream.

A small bird wearing a red apron jumped on the open windowsill and woke Helen with its happy twittering staccato. She felt rested, calm. There were no dreams about Iraq. No inferno, no burning tires, and no young men staring at her with dead, accusing eyes. It was just like that time in the hospital when Kevin slept on the couch and held her hand through the night.

For a minute Helen wondered where the hell she was. Why was she naked, and why the hell was there a warm, naked body snuggled against her? Then she remembered, and happiness was not rare anymore. It hit her like a river of honey, beginning inside her stomach and flowing through her veins.

It was inconceivable, yet there he was—she hadn't dreamed or imagined it. His blond spikes were tickling her neck, and his warm back was pressing against her stomach. Kevin sighed in his sleep and mumbled. Helen leaned closer and inhaled, allowing his pleasant scent to pour into her sense of being. She gave him a tiny peck on his cheek because she couldn't help it, and then another just because.

Kevin. Beautiful, funny, sexy, smart, loving, wonderful Kevin. Her Kevin. She said my Kevin several times in her head because it felt super-awesome.

She smiled each time she thought of the night before.

He stirred and then sniffed, but like her, he froze, probably experiencing the same 'what the fuck?' moment, just as she had. Every small, big, and terrible lie was outed last night. They left him exposed and vulnerable. What remained was his love, and she basked in it, even if she still had a hard time understanding it.

"Did you wake up, Kev?"

"Yeah, what a horrible way to start the day." He sneezed. "What time is it?"

"Quarter past seven; it's an amazing day. No rain. The sun is up."

"All that is left is to close the shades. I'm on vacation." He yawned in three different tones. He always thought yawns were boring, and it was best if one could add a plot. "Whose bright idea was it to open the window?"

"There's a nice breeze."

He sneezed again. "Excellent. Now I know why I dreamt I was Naomi Campbell doing a shampoo commercial."

"Grumpy." She wanted to nuzzle his cheek but was too shy to do so now that he was awake. "Did you sleep well?"

"Dunno. I was asleep when it happened." He rolled onto his side, facing her, and sneezed again.

"At least cover it when you sneeze like that. Cover the mouth, you moron, not the... Your mouth, not mine," she said when he covered her mouth and sneezed again. "Jesus, if you were a little less mature right now, you'd be a sperm."

Kevin let go of her mouth and reached for her body under the blanket. "I wonder what this button does."

"It's a nipple."

"Let's push and find out."

"Kevin, stop!" She slapped his hand when he tried to lift the blanket.

"Come on."

"No!"

He sneezed. "This is stupid. I will have to see eventually."

She held the blanket to her body like a shield. "Sure. Two thousand and eighty you get to see me naked. Mark the date."

"Come on, Helen, what is your worst-case scenario?"

"You'll gross out because they're super ugly. Next thing you don't answer my calls, don't text me back, and voila. I'm ghosted."

"Now who's childish? Jesus, I suddenly realized that you slept with your eyepatch on?"

"Yeah."

"Comfy?"

"No." She straightened her eyepatch. It was itchy, and she never slept with it, but she was terrified that Kevin might wake up before her and see her without it.

"Fuck that, I'm going in."

"Please, don't."

"I'm crazy about you, Helen. I don't want stupid stuff like that to ever stand between us." He pulled the blanket, and she didn't resist this time. She froze, hardly breathing, waiting to be judged.

"That's it? I don't get what the fuss was all about."

"Yeah, right."

He'd felt them last night in the dark, but seeing something in the bright morning light was different. The IED shrapnel scars covered the left side of her body, running under her armpit all the way to her buttocks, like a map of angry snakes, a reminder that war has its price, and someone has to pay. It looked like some cruel painter had raked her perfect skin with multiple knives. Some were small, some were bigger, and one ran like a long, crazy spiral around her left breast. Kevin kissed it.

"Happy, Kev?"

He wasn't happy. He wanted to hurt the person responsible for cutting her like that, but he knew that if he showed anything but restraint, she'd probably freak out. He began kissing them.

"What are you doing?"

"This one looks like an 'infinity' tattoo, kind of cliché." He kissed it gently. "And this one has a message. Don't move, what's that? Oh, it's upside down. It says, 'Helen loves Kevin because he's cooler than Peter Dinklage, and he makes her laugh and have awesome multiple orgasms, sometimes at the same time.'"

"It's true. Minus the multiple orgasms."

He dropped the blanket. "I love them. I love your scars; they're part of you, and I love you, so I love them too." He dived back in and went for another round of kissing, making sure not to neglect a single scar. After he was done, he gave her cock a cheeky lick, from her sack to the tip, and kissed the bulbous head.

Helen moaned.

"Someone has morning wood. I'm glad it's pointing up, otherwise I would have fallen off the bed."

"Hey, I'm not that big," she growled.

"That thing has its own swimming pool and garage. Not big my ass."

"Stop it, you're not funny."

Kevin pulled himself up and kissed her lips. Then he totally freaked her out as his hand went for her eyepatch.

"What? Don't!"

"I wanna see you, Helen."

"Not now, not in a million years."

"Please." He caressed her cheek and nose gently. "I just want to see."

"What for?"

"No lies, no secrets."

"Are you one of the weird people who get off on ugly?"

"It's not for me, silly girl, it's for you."

"Kevin, stop trying to solve my body issues. You're not my psychologist."

"I see. And how does that make you feel?"

"So funny. Not!"

He kissed her forehead then slowly peeled the eyepatch off, and Helen froze again.

He thought there would be dead skin underneath, but instead, Helen had an almost normal eye. It was damaged, milky white, with flakes of black, red, and green. The red scar ran from her eyebrow down to her nose. But it was far less terrifying than he thought it would be. He kissed it three times for good luck.

"Can you see anything with it?" he said.

"Just light and darkness."

He kissed her eye again. "If the eyepatch bothers you so much, why don't you put on contact lenses?"

"The lens won't cover the ugly scar. Do you want me to start wearing contacts instead?"

"Whatever works for you. I just want you to be happy, that's all. You don't need to sleep with an eyepatch or turn off the light whenever you take your top off." He kissed her eye area three more times before covering it up again. "And now, since you've been such a brave girl, I think you deserve a treat."

"Coffee and a mushroom bruschetta?"

"Almost as good." He swiped the blanket off her and dived. She felt his soft lips on her abs. He then traveled lower, kissing her inner thigh.

He reached forward, wrapped his hand around the hot, thick shaft, and pulled her rigid member away from her body. Helen gasped, and her cock jumped in his palm. He licked the bulbous head and felt it against his lips. Helen closed her eyes, then changed her mind and propped herself up on her elbows.

She blushed as Kevin looked up at her.

"Is, is it okay if I watch?" she said quietly.

Kevin nodded and pulled back, smiling, and she stared enthralled as the shiny web of pre-cum stretched and grew thinner, from the head of her cock to his chin. It snapped in the middle and dropped, some of it stuck to his lower lip.

"That's obscene," she said.

"Huh?"

He started at the base of her thick shaft and slowly licked his way up. When he got near the top, his tongue circled the spongy membranes of Helen's glans. He rolled his tongue slowly over her sensitive, hot flesh, watching it flex and grow under his touch. He stopped to watch the pulsing veins on her throbbing shaft. It was standing perfectly upright, thrusting up powerfully and heaving with each of her heartbeats.

Helen wanted desperately to feel his tongue on her shaft again but was too shy to say anything. She bit her lower lip and blushed as Kevin blew her an air kiss. He extended his tongue and licked up the underside of her rigid shaft.

Kevin started to lick her cock feverishly, his slurping tongue rolling and licking at the upright shaft. His tongue slalomed over her smooth skin. Helen's cock's head was shaped like a lemon, the inverted 'V' on the underside of the crown pointing in an invitation to the gaping slit. Kevin zeroed in on the pulsing cock, with a beautiful tracery of blue veins winding their way up. His tongue tasted the gaping hole and the shiny drop that formed in it. He gave an audible "Mmmm..."

Helen moaned. The electricity that ran from her shaft to her pleasure center were like nothing she had ever experienced before. Watching his lips touch her hard, pulsing rod was a sexual fantasy come true. She blushed deeply as she reached to caress his cheek. Kevin encouraged her with a smile and a wink.

He took a tender bite, gently scraping her soft skin with his teeth. Helen's cock jumped and sprayed pre-cum.

Keven went down and licked her smooth ball sack. He had to open his mouth wide to let each nut slip inside. Once he had it within his mouth, he rolled it gingerly around, his tongue bathing the big, swollen ball in a warm bath of saliva. He moved from one rubbery ball to the other, the delicious flavor of Helen filling his mouth.

Beats coffee and mushroom bruschetta by a million miles, she thought. Her hands trembled as she shyly outstretched them to touch his hair. In the daylight with nowhere to hide, she was too afraid to 'explore.' Kevin must have sensed her hesitance because he took her palm and placed it on his head. She ran her fingers through his locks while watching his lips stretch and feeling his tongue caress her delicate sack inside his mouth.

"Kev!"

Her ball popped out of his mouth. "What?"

"I'm..." She blushed.

"Like?"

She nodded quickly.

He pressed his lips to her balls and offered a slow, wet kiss.

He gave her cock a bite, sinking his teeth into the soft skin, and Helen cried. Her balls clenched, and she had to use every ounce of willpower to avoid discharging into the air.

"Wait." Kevin kissed her rod lovingly. "Make it last."

"It's..." she gasped. "Yeah."

His nimble fingers searched and found her crevice. She was soaking wet. He gently pressed in with his index finger and hooked it inside her folds. His fingertip sifted through the damp wall, pushing like Nadine taught him. He listened to her heaves and gasps and tremors, noting what made her squirm. Helen opened onto a new realm of sensations coursing through her body. Her fingers clenched and unclenched in his blond hair.

Kevin parted his lips and pressed them against the hot, spongy head of her cock. His lips felt incredibly warm and delicious as he slid them all around the surface of her inflamed flesh. She let out a purr of satisfaction as Kevin dropped his head and let the stretching lips follow the sloping of her glans. He spread them over the massive knob until his teeth gently slipped over the thick, rope-like ridge of her corona and clamped down on the shaft below. Helen clasped his hair as she felt sealed inside the soft mouth.

They made eye contact, and Kevin smiled around her. Helen almost discharged again inside him. She loved those purple orbs. She stared at him, blinking, and Kevin gave her a wink and started vacuuming around the head. He lapped up the oozing pre-cum and drew it deep into his mouth before letting it slide down his throat.

"Oh my god, this is so good," Helen huffed. "I can't...I can't..."

Kevin pulled up. "You ain't seen nothing yet." His finger kept caressing her insides, and Helen had her first vaginal orgasm. Her body convulsed, and her legs started to tremble, before it hit her in waves of electricity.

"Huh, huh, huh." She exhaled.

Kevin let her rest for a minute or so, occupying himself by gently blowing air on her shaft. Her cock jumped up each time his warm breath hit her.

Dazed, she stared at him. This morning was all about her, and it made her feel pampered and loved.

Her legs were still shaking when he pulled her into his soft mouth. There was no foreplay, and his head started bobbing on her shaft. She watched him, amazed, as he busily bobbed his head up and down and side to side. His mouth made a symphony of slurping and cock-sucking sounds.

He rose once to the top, his tongue swirling around the purple head. He then gave her a wink and dived right in. His lips enveloped Helen's shaft, and he kept going until the massive head bumped into the opening of his throat. He swallowed. Being deep-throated was one of Diana's favorite pastimes, so he had months of practice. His throat contracted a few times, then Helen felt him stretch to accommodate her invading monster. He didn't slow down. His throat muscles worked like an obscene machine, swallowing millimeter after millimeter of her in that hot wet pressure sleeve. She watched amazed, as if by a magic trick. His lips, slick and stretched around her shaft, descended as more and more of her cock disappeared inside his mouth.

She gasped as his reddened lips kissed her pubes. She was entirely inside his warm mouth and throat. Kevin rested for a few seconds, pulled out completely, took a gulp of air, and started the process all over again. When his lips touched her pubes again, he started humming, sending tiny vibrations all over her hard member.

"I can't," she huffed.

Kevin swallowed again, and the massaging ripples of his throat muscles sent delightful tremors along the full length of her buried cock. He could free dive for almost full five minutes; air supply wasn't an issue.

Kevin's finger slid into her folds again. He started massaging her G spot, and his thumb joined the dance, circling slowly the engorged clitoris that was craving some attention too.

Helen closed her eye and came. Her vagina clenched around Kevin's buried finger.

"Oh, fuck," she moaned as she exploded down his throat at the same time. Kevin pulled back and felt the next blast paste itself against the lining of his mouth. He tasted Helen's juices on his taste buds. Another powerful shot followed, and it gathered with the first into an increasing pool deep in his mouth. He kept sucking. One hand pumped her cock, and the other continued its light caress of her clit. Her powerful body squirmed, but Diana had taught him how to be a good boy and to never allow the throes of passion to make him lose contact. He rolled with her and kept his mouth on her cock and his fingers in the wetness of her vagina. Helen continued to unload inside his wet, loving grasp. A few more blasts had his mouth overflowing with seed, and he felt trickles of her warm semen oozing from the corners of his lips. He swallowed, the thick fluid sliding smoothly down his throat.

It took her two minutes to climb down from the cloud. When she did, she could feel Kevin still messing downstairs, his nimble tongue lapping her cock and mons like a very diligent kitten.

"What are you doing?"

"Diana always says that a good boy cleans up after he makes a mess."

"Gross, stop it!"

"Gross?"

She pulled him to her. "And kinda sexy. Your turn."

"I already came."

"When?"

"Somewhere in all the excitement. Seeing the face you make when you pop, Helen. Pure bliss."

"Shut up! I don't make faces."

"Sure. Breakfast?"

"Shower?"

"You go ahead," Kevin said. "I'll fix us something."

"One treat after another; I feel blessed."

"You are. I'm super awesome." He jumped off her and ran to the kitchen.

Her legs were still shaking hard, and Helen took her time, turning the water on high, and letting it beat over her head in steamy rivulets. She needed the break to work things through, without his bewitching purple eyes, which made it hard to think straight. She recalled every small detail from last night. Kevin's outburst, the secrets he told her, the intimacy they shared with words and sweat. He placed his heart on a plate and offered everything, showing the ultimate trust.

The future was suddenly wide open, and her heart was beating much faster as she thought of the possibilities. Prior to last night, she was certain that her love was one-sided. That Kevin would want her seemed just a childish fantasy of hers. Today she wanted everything. It felt like greed, but she had never wanted something so badly.

The small kitchen was permeated with the scent of omelets. Kevin didn't even bother putting anything on. He was a naked busy bee, already feeling at home between the getaway's pots, stove, and oven.

"We had some eggs and vegetables left from yesterday. I'll drive to the bakery down the street and get us fresh bread."

"I love you," she said.

"Works for me. Look, we need to hurry. We've still got that six-hour drive to Venice."

"I was wondering," Helen said, "if we should stay here for another day."

"I'm okay with you wondering."

"And?"

"You want me to wonder for you, Helen?"

"You're not helping."

"Be decisive. If you feel that the right thing is to wonder, then don't hesitate for a moment. Just wonder straight away."

"You're exhausting, Kev. Listen, it's an amazing location, and there is a lot to see around here."

"The only attraction this place has to offer is the road sign saying Venice is that way," he said.

"Maybe we can postpone Venice until tomorrow? Rest here a bit. We're on vacation, after all."

"That old thief charges a hundred and forty euro per night."

"Please?"

"What's the big deal, Helen?"

"I want more."

"More?"

"Of what we did last night and just now. It's...I don't want to drive for six hours. I want to snuggle with you in bed for six hours. Just one more day."

He squinted his eyes. "Snuggle or sex?"

"Both?"

"I'm trying to think of a counter-argument."

"And?"

"You know how it is when you can't think of a decent counter-argument, so you offer to snuggle and have sex instead?"

"Story of my life." Helen did the single bravest thing she ever did. She let go of the big white towel enveloping her body and let it slide to the floor. She stood naked in the bright morning light emanating from the balcony. No secrets left, fully exposed.

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder. Helen had a delicate grace, a hot body, round chest, and the long legs of a model. But if you had mean eyes, she was, after all, a woman with a penis, nasty scars across her left side, and an eyepatch. If you were indeed a bastard, you could even pity her—those are even greater sons of bitches than the haters.


But Kevin was neither, and he could see only the beautiful woman he'd fallen in love with. He smiled and enveloped her in his arms.

---

Suzan Owens didn't make her vast fortune selling drugs, guns, or human organs, or on the backs of abused sex workers. She let other people dirty their hands. Suzan liked working behind a desk in an office with climate control, and she found out very early that the cleaning business can be just as gratifying as selling cocaine. She had built a vast machine over the years. The money came in from one end, bloody and dirty from drug deals, human trafficking, harvesting organs, selling illegal arms, and tears of families ruined by gambling. When it came out on the other end (minus Suzan's fifteen to twenty-five percent), it was white as snow.

She was ruthless in her own 'master villain on a spinning chair with a cat' way. And she thought that she understood people better than anyone else. Her kink, after all, was observing. As she regarded Diana through the CCTV camera, she couldn't help but feel a pang of admiration. The girl was ruthless in her own way.

One of the club's back rooms served as a bedroom with several beds and a small shower attached. It was used by employees on some weekends. Diana had a better use for it.

"Get over on your hands and knees, Agent. I want to feel you again around my cock."

Agent Brian Thompson crawled on all fours to the center of the bed.

"I want that tight ass again," Diana said, her majestic hard cock rearing up before her. "Fold your knees under your stomach. I want that little hole gaping at me. That's right."

The FBI agent quickly brought his knees up beneath him; his crevice split open and warm cum drizzled out onto his penis and stomach. It was their second round tonight and his second visit to the club.

"What a gorgeous little ass you've got there, Agent," Diana said as the bed creaked under her. Brian moaned as he felt her long fingers rubbing soothingly over his round bum-cheeks.

"Please, Diana," he gasped. He left his wedding ring in the car, but Diana forced him to go back and get it. She liked to look at it during sex. It was a constant reminder for both that he was married, and still, he couldn't help crawling to her.

"You want my cock?"

"Yes."

"No, you need to say it, Brian." She patted his ass cheek.

"I want your cock. Fill me with your cock."

"Why?"

"Because I love it."

"Why?"

"Because it's so big and hard, and it feels amazing inside me."

"That's better," Diana said and took a firm grip on his hips. Her massive cock started to stretch his tight little hole.

Brian began panting, and his whole body started pouring sweat on the mattress. His crevice resisted, twitched, and fought the massive invader. Diana was relentless. She pressed the plum head against his puckered hole, and each time he moved she locked her hands around his hips, forcing him to stay.

"Oh, baby, you're still fucking tight. Relax."

"It's not easy." He gasped from pain.

"But you want me in, don't you? That's what you came here for, no?"

He nodded and then cried in pain as her bulbous head tore through the clenched muscle. He gave a series of short breaths, like a woman going through labor.

"Relax, baby; the worst part is over."

He clenched around her girth involuntarily.

"Well, look at that," she said, looking down on their joined bodies. "Looks like your hole is hungry. It's trying to eat me. Should we feed it?"

Brian moaned.

She adjusted herself behind him until she was in the position she wanted. Once she was set, she pulled a little backward, the big head again stretching the hole that was clinging to it wantonly.

"Arch your back, baby."

"Huh?" he panted.

Diana pressed her palm against his back, lowering the midsection. It made his hole flex and open up more for her. When she was satisfied with the arch, Diana slid all the way back into him in one long deep stroke.

"Ooooooooohhh, God..." His entire body tingled, a full feeling spreading through his midsection. His body heated and his heart accelerated as the warmth of the blood-engorged cock hit his insides.

"Feels good?" She drew back and then fed it back into him with a slow roll of her hips.

"Oh God, yes," he said. His head dropped onto the bed.

"How does it feel?" she asked as she drew back. On the next forward thrust, she angled herself downward slightly, so the bulbous head pressed forcefully on Brian's sensitive prostate.

"Ohhhh fuck!!" His cock lurched and slapped against his toned stomach as she started moving faster inside him.

She alternated between short, fast jabs, pulling a little and then hammering inside, and long deep strokes, pulling almost all the way out and sliding all the way in.

"That's it, you're mine now."

"Ohh fuck!" His body trembled and shook at the strange feeling that he was fast becoming addicted to.

"I'm gonna fill your tight hole again, baby." She kept driving inch after thick, hard inch in and out of him.

His cock was as hard as titanium, and he felt like the tip was about to explode right off.

Diana drew back all the way out of his tight pink opening. She watched the little cave struggling to close its gate and jammed her cock head back in. She then thrust hard. As the thick, rope-like ridge of her corona tore across his prostate, his climax hit.

"Ahhhh," he moaned. Brian's semen sped up his shaft. A long rope of the milky fluid shot forth from the engorged tip to splash onto the sheets beneath him. Diana continued fucking him, and her next forward stroke brought forth the second rope of creamy seed.

"Ahhhh...Ahhhh...Ahhhh," he groaned as each penetrating thrust of her huge cock caused a delightful contraction in his groin and another bubbling wad of cum to spew forth. The sheets beneath them were spattered with gobs of his semen. She continued to pound him deep and fast, each thrust causing his cock to twitch and spew forth more and more cum.

"Oh God!" His legs slipped out from under him. As she drove deep into his tingling bum, his knees slid out all the way to the back, and his body collapsed onto the bed. He lay there, utterly spent, breathing hard, in sticky puddles of his own cum.

"Baby, you need to have more stamina."

He moaned, lying with his face to one side. Diana grabbed the top of the headboard above him. She took a firm hold and then flexed her hips backward. She pulled back to the tight opening of his anal ring and then slammed her hips forward.

"Oh, God."

"Oh yeah," she said with a groan as her rigid cock drove deep into him. "I like your tight hole, baby." She started moving fast, using the headboard as leverage to pound his ass like a jackhammer.

"Oh, ah, ah, ah!" Each one of her thrusts elicited another cry from him. He felt as if she was trying to nail him to the bed.

The bed creaked with each thrust. Anyone passing in the hallway would have little trouble guessing what was going on inside the room. Diana's groin slapped his bare ass each time her cock dived into his clenching ass.

"Get ready!"

Her cock conquered every inch of his exhausted tunnel. The slippery python slithered and bit his prostate on every thrust, and Brian came again. It was nothing like the first explosion, more of an emotional wave of satisfaction. He added more baby milk onto the bed. His tunnel, already wet with cum, squelched and flexed around her.

"I'm coming!" she roared. "Here it comes, here it comes." She drove deep and hard, not withdrawing but staying as deep inside him as was possible. He felt her cock pulse, and she exploded like a fireball in his bowels, drenching his insides with futanari semen.

"Oh, fuck, yeah," she moaned deeply and continued to unload high up into his guts. She stayed buried inside him for a long time, flooding him with cum.

"Clench your ass, baby."

"Huh?"

She slapped his ass playfully. "Clench your ass, baby. As hard as you can."

He clenched, and she pulled out. That final act milked the last drops from her softening cock. She gave him a hard slap on his ass and jumped up. "That was good. You remember where the shower is?"

"I...wait? Are you going?"

"I have a club that needs running."

"Stay a bit longer, okay?"

"What for?"

He rolled onto his back. "Come on, Diana. Can't we talk a little? Maybe grab something to eat together?"

"What do you think this is, Agent Brian? An affair? It's a hookup."

"I...I wanna take you out to dinner sometime."

"I have a boyfriend."

Brian's eyes became round.

"Shocked? You've got a wife, and still you have two of my loads inside your ass."

"He doesn't satisfy you in bed?"

"What?" Diana laughed. "Kevin? Baby, my sex life can be divided into before I met Kevin, and after I met Kevin. No one can even come close. I get hard just thinking about him."

"Then why the hell are you in bed with me?"

Diana shrugged. "Even the most amazing, juicy steak can be a bore if you eat it every night. Sometimes you just wanna nibble on chicken wings." She playfully slapped his soft member. "Plus, he's abroad, so..."

"I've got to see you again, Diana."

"Maybe."

"Don't say maybe, say yes."

"I'll think about it."

"Diana!"

"I told you I'll think about it. Less pressure will help my decision go the right way."

Suzan Owens waited for her in her office. The elder futanari sat in Diana's executive chair, her legs on the table. She was smoking a cigar.

"Hi, boss. Did you enjoy the show?" Diana asked.

Suzan arched a groomed eyebrow.

"I know what the CCTV cameras in that room are for."

"I liked how you are willing to grab an opportunity by the throat, girl. I liked the courage. Gives a whole new meaning to 'fuck the system.'"

"And the fact that I have a federal agent eating from my palm?"

"I liked that too."

"Then why the hell did you ask Ethan to try and fuck me? I know it was you who ordered him to deposit the money."

Suzan arched her eyebrow again. "You're continuing to impress me."

Diana placed her hands on her hips.

"I told you that we're not really in the clubbing business, little girl."

"My club will pull out $3.2 million this year. $3.5 maybe, into your bank account, boss. Clean money. Me, I did it."

"Very much appreciated. But the consequences of not handling our partners' money can be dire."

"I don't get it, boss. What if I hadn't handled Brian?"

Suzan blew a cloud of stinking smoke into the air and took her legs off Diana's desk. "I have my own leverage in the FBI, a bit subtler than you, but just as effective."

"So this was what? A test? A punishment?"

"Curiosity. You've handled the situation well. Beyond well."

"Admit it, Suzan, you thought I'd fail."

Suzan smiled. "What I still don't understand is how the hell you are making so much money when Ethan told me you've sliced the price of drinks in half. I thought most of the club revenues came from drinks."

"They do come from drinks," Diana smiled right back.

"You haven't gone and done anything stupid, have you?"

"I have a friend in the liquor import business. He imports from Mexico, mostly counterfeit brands. They look exactly like the real deal, and they cost a fifth. They don't taste exactly like the real thing, but no one coming to the club is a certified Johnny Walker taster. A cocktail is just a cocktail."

"Nice. Is he reliable, that friend of yours?"

"He is, but it's irrelevant," Diana said. "He won't be the owner of his business soon."

"What do you mean?"

"You're going to join as a senior partner of Brown Bag Liquor, Suzan. I'll seal the deal in a week." Diana pulled a briefcase out of her closet. "You'll find the details here. It's super cheap, a steal."

"You cheeky little—"

"I can keep depositing some of our associates' money through Brown Bag Liquor if it's ours."

"You mean mine," Suzan smiled.

"The club has become too profitable, and we need a better balance before we can use it again. Everyone profits. I can get cheap drinks for the club, people think this place is the shit, you get to keep $3.2 million. You're happy, our associates are happy, I'm happy."

"How much potential does this Brown Bag have?"

"It's small, but it has potential."

"And what will be your cut from this Brown Bag Liquor purchase, girl?"

Diana shrugged, practicing her poker face. She was going to cut sixty thousand dollars on this deal, maybe more if she played her cards right.

Suzan was quiet for a while. She gave Diana a thorough scan, reassessing. "To be honest, little girl, I never thought you had it in you."

"You thought I would fall on my ass the first chance I'd get, didn't you?"

Suzan took the briefcase from Diana's hands, lifted a duffel bag onto the table, and unzipped it.

Diana counted the stacks of money inside and gave a sharp intake of breath. "That's way too much, boss. I can't handle that even if I use the club and Brown Bag Liquor."

"You won't have to. I'm thinking of investing more in the clubbing industry. I'm about to buy eight more shitty nightclubs in this area, and I think I know who I want to manage them. What do you say, girl? Are you up for the job?"

---

In the end, they never got to see Venice. The day before their flight back from Ljubljana, they were still in the cabin, enjoying each other's bodies and the beautiful treks Triglav Park had to offer. Most of the treks ended in bed, and one of them ended in the shower together. There was a lot of lovemaking, sometimes tender, sometimes wild as they tried to compensate for the lost time. There were also naked breakfasts, a ton of laughter, cooking together, music, and even Krav Maga sessions. Kevin once managed to flip Helen on her back, though he suspected she let him do it.

"Kevin, I'm in the pool, come quick!" she shouted as she heard him entering the cabin.

"What's the rush?"

"I've found a channel that's about to broadcast the Game of Thrones season final. It's about to start."

"Kickass!"

The cabin had a small, temperature-controlled plunge pool that was facing the river. You could relax while watching the happy dash of the water below and experience dipping without risking pneumonia. Helen dragged the big flat screen from the living room, so it faced the terrace.

"Numberrrrr sixty-five!" she hollered as Kevin stepped outside the room and onto the parquet surrounding the pool.

"It's thirty-five. Jesus, I've told you whenever I go on the parquet you shout 'Number thirty-five.' Thirty-five. Kevin Durant—who the hell is sixty-five?"

"What do I know about football?"

"Football? Really?"

She poked her tongue at him.

"Oh, you're naked." He placed the bags from the cafe at the edge of the pool.

"Yeah, I used to be ashamed of my body, but now I have you ashamed of my body as well. It sort of distributes the burden. If we can find three more people who can be ashamed of my body, I'll probably start wearing bikinis."

He kneeled and kissed her lips. She almost pulled him into the pool, but he managed to escape. "What's the lube doing here?" He pointed at the white tube sitting not so innocently on a towel at the pool's rim.

Helen opened her mouth, faking surprise. "What the hell? How did this thing get here?"

"I wonder."

"I'm okay with you wondering. Did you get my coffee exactly right?"

"Relax, precision is my middle and a half name, though the guy at Starbucks said the Mars Rover probably has a less complex instruction set than your coffee."

Helen gave a Bronx cheer. "Simple coffee is for pussies. What the hell is that?" She picked up from the bag a large cup containing a festival of black and brown, ending with a frosty top.

"That's my pussies' coffee; it's local," Kevin said. "Latte Submarine. They dunk balls of Swiss chocolate, and they slowly dissolve at the bottom. See all the happy chocolate bubbles? It's dissolving." He clapped like a child who's about to get his first puppy.

"Are you sure this is safe, Kev?" She took a sip and giggled.

"Hey!"

"Looks dangerous. It has too many calories I don't want you to get hurt." She took a bigger sip and painted herself a dark mustache.

"Tom Selleck, I presume?"

She licked her upper lip, aiming for Scarlett Johansson sensual, sensual but it came out more like Amy Schumer awkward.

"Give me back my coffee, you thief!"

"Can't help it. The heart wants what the heart wants."

"If the heart wants the heart can go fetch. It's my coffee."

"Why are you still dressed?"

Kevin took his shirt off and twirled it around before tossing it with great showmanship. He kicked off a shoe next, his body moving to the Game of Thrones opening theme's cello and violin playing on the screen, while he hummed with the music. He twisted his lithe body and teased with each item like a stripper on a sleazy stage. Helen laughed, clapped, and catcalled.

"If you wanna burn calories, I have the perfect solution for you," he said. "Dracarys!"

"Haha. Shorts off! This is an underwear-free pool."

"Give me back my coffee, Helen."

"I think I'm beginning to develop feelings for it."

He grumbled but let her have it because loving someone meant you sometimes sacrificed your coffee. He took her cup of coffee instead and snuggled against her.

Helen always thought that watching Game of Thrones with Kevin was one of the best experiences life had to offer. It turned out that watching Game of Thrones in a warm pool with a naked Kevin was way better. It was distracting, in a good way. On the commercial breaks, Helen insisted on giving Kevin a body massage. She was pretty terrible at it, but she was just looking for excuses to touch him.

"HBO drifted so far away from Martin's books." She kneaded his ass cheek.

"I'm willing to bet that even if it were a movie about earwax, some nerd is gonna stand up and say, 'Hey! That's not how it happened in the book,'" Kevin said.

"I'm not a nerd."

"You're a dork in denial." Her index finger pressed and slipped inside his ass, and he clenched. "Ouch!"

"Sorry."

"Are you certain this is a legit ancient Chinese body massage technique?" he said.

"I told you already. It's called Ho Chi Wa and it's from the third dynasty."

"You're making shit up as we speak, aren't you?"

It was the season finale, and they both had a moment of 'Oh, finally!' as 'You know nothing, Jon Snow!' gave his King in the North Pole to 'Where are my dragons?' Daenerys. Helen was already hard, and the erotic scene was just an excuse. She pulled Kevin into her lap and nibbled on his ear. "You thinking what I'm thinking, Kev?"

"Daenerys Storm Born, Targaryen, Khaleesi, Breaker of Chains, Mother of Dragons, Snow?"

"I was thinking something else."

"That if she gets pregnant, he'll say 'He knows nothing!'?"

"Nope."

"But I'm getting warmer, right?"

"Remind me to never ask you what you're thinking." Helen's arms encircled him, and she pulled him closer. Her cock snuggled between his ass cheeks. "Relax, I need to finish your Chinese body massage."

She leaned forward, and Kevin could feel her large balls against his backside as the massage worked upwards, the smooth orbs raking across his rear end. She didn't know her own strength, and the body massage was quite horrible, but she also peppered the back of his neck with small kisses, and who can say no to that?

She lifted him and carried him to the pool's edge, setting him down on his stomach on the soft towel. She positioned herself between his legs and spread his buttocks. His small, tightly drawn scrotum became fully displayed. She leaned in and tenderly kissed it. Kevin shivered.

"It's like a little dancing button." Helen giggled.

"Shut up!"

She buried her chin in his cleft and pressed her lips to his starfish in a passionate kiss. His sphincter launched into a flurry of spasms. 


"Fuck! Where did you learn to do that?"

"All part of the Ho Chi Wa technique. They were pretty wild back in the second dynasty."

"The third, Pinocchio."

For the last days, whenever Kevin fell asleep, Helen stayed an hour longer online and consumed everything she could about improving sex. She really wanted to be his best. A site she'd opened yesterday (and cleaned the history frantically afterward), suggested ass play.

She began teasing the tender, sensitive skin that surrounded his orifice with the tip of her tongue. Kevin gave squeals of delight whenever she touched a sensitive spot.

He tried to clench his butt, but she held his cheeks pried apart. She began licking the inviting target in long slow strokes, beginning with his balls and going all the way to the top of his cleft. It felt like winning a gold medal when he pressed his butt back against her tongue.

He relaxed against her, and his little hole opened, welcoming. She licked the rim with the tip of her tongue, and it clamped shut. She pressed the tip of her tongue into the muscle, and the starfish parted for her. Kevin let out a deep moan.

She forcefully darted her tongue in and out. Once Kevin relaxed and was fully open, she started running her tongue in circles around his opened rim.

"Oh my God, Helen."

She mashed her face deep between his cheeks and pushed her velvety tongue in and out of his sphincter. He groaned and pulled his legs back even farther. She slurped all around his ring, then with the tip worked his muscular butt.

She pulled off and opened her mouth wide, then locked back down on his ring, sucking it into her mouth, nibbling very gently. It drove Kevin crazy, and his legs started kicking uselessly. She pulled back and grabbed his cock, milking the tip. "Will you do the same to me tonight?"

"Sure. Jesus. Don't stop!"

"I'll let you go to fifth base on me if you will. We haven't done that." She pressed again and wiggled her tongue inside him.

"Ohhh." Kevin moaned into the towel, the image of him penetrating her butt and her tongue inside, plus her hand on his cock sent him over the edge. He started spurting in short bursts into the towel. His body heaved, but she didn't let go of his cock, and her tongue remained buried inside him and wiggling the whole time as he came.

"I'm going to wash my mouth, because I feel like kissing you. And, well..."

When she came back and collapsed on the towel beside him, he was still dizzy and breathing hard. She snuggled close, giving him time to recover. Her lips brushed the tip of his ear, and her hands rubbed his ass cheeks.

"I love you," she said. "I should have told you a long time ago."

He turned his head to her and smiled tiredly. His smile ignited hers, and she pressed her lips against his. Then she ran her tongue over his lips, tracing their outline with her tip. It made him laugh.

She pulled to her knees, and he felt her frantically messing behind him. Then he heard the sound of the tube squeezed. He felt her draw back slightly, and then the pressure as she lined up the head of her cock with his wet hole.

"Ah, Helen, I—"

He didn't get to finish the sentence as she collapsed against him, burying her cock inside him in one smooth stroke.

"Aaaah," he let out a gasp that echoed her own as she filled him. He jolted as the big head stretched his tunnel as it penetrated. His fingers clenched the towel, and he collapsed under Helen's weight. She was big, and it still took some time to adjust. Plus, he was a bit sore. But it was a small price compared to the feeling of her naked body pressing against his back, her nipples raking his shoulders, her lips kissing the back of his neck, and her heavy balls resting up against his.

"Mmmmm," she hummed. "That's the best, Kev. Feels amazing being inside you like that."

"I love you loving me loving that you're loving, loving...wait, where was I?"

"Loving."

For a time, they just lay there, bodies melded together. Helen lay on top of him, taking deep breaths, murmuring nothings and kissing him slowly. Her cock flexed every now and then, inside him, each time causing him to emit a surprised cry. Helen was happy just to relax and enjoy his body and welcoming warmth. The feeling of him wrapped around her as her body and arms were wrapped around him was the best feeling in the world, and she wanted to memorize it. She pressed her taller body down on his, and she closed her eyes and concentrated on every sensation, trying to sync her breaths with his, like a single body made of two people.

"Did you fall asleep back there?" he said.

She sank gently, all the way to the root of her cock until her mons pressed to his butt. Kevin clenched around her, his hole milking her, and Helen gasped her approval. His impaled body adjusted to her cock. He was full, but now he wanted more. He still had a hard time admitting to himself that he loved being penetrated. It went against everything he was raised to be. Back home, they had terrible names for people like him. But the sinful shame also provided the excitement of the forbidden fruit. He clenched around her and had goosebumps when he felt the resistance of her big head somewhere deep inside him. It started a warmth that traveled from his butt all the way to his cock as it hardened again. The sensation was addictive, and he did it again and again.

She started to gently rock against him, her cock filling him completely, with just the slightest of movements enough to set him off.

"Ohhh." He closed his eyes and succumbed to the emotional high of being bred by her.

She stepped up a notch and begun a slow humping rhythm. He gasped each time she raised her hips up and crashed back into him. With her body still pressed tightly against him, she worked her hips back and forth. She lifted them as much as she could manage, then dove inside him with a satisfying slap.

Building up into a rhythm, she fucked him with long, even strokes. The sound of skin clapping together mixed in with his pants and her satisfied sighs. It was a concerto for Helen and Kevin.

One, two. Up, down. In, out. His dick twitched with each pump of her hips, his ass quailed and clenched, the breath was driven from his lungs.

One, two. Up, down. In, out. Kevin clawed at the towel, his toes curled. Helen kept fucking him, eyes fixed on the back of his head, her powerful muscles flexing on her back. She looked like a lithe predator above her pray.

"Fuuuuck," he groaned.

She rose off him and pulled him into a more traditional doggy style position. His tiny ass was raised high like a flag that was begging for her. Helen placed both hands on his hips and started to pump slowly. She watched with satisfaction as his hole swallowed her wet cock. His ring stretched and hugged her pole lovingly. His insides welcomed her. She bottomed inside him, and grabbed his bottom, squeezing it around her shaft.

Kevin moaned, and it made her proud. She was getting better at this.

"Like it?"

"Ahhh. Yeah, yeah."

She grabbed his hips again and started pumping harder. She pushed deeper. Each time she bottomed inside him, her large smooth sack swung and hit his own. His ass quivered, and he gave a small, wanton 'ah' with each satisfying slap. She picked up the pace quickly, driving into him with long, fast strokes that jolted him forward each time her mons bounced against his ass.

"That's it, Kev, moan for me," Helen said, her voice breathy. "I want to know that you're enjoying this too."

"It's so good. It's...ohhh fuuck!" He started spraying the towel with his seed again. Slim ropes of white liquid created another painting of lust on the fabric.

Tightening her grip on his hips, Helen upped the tempo once again. Each thrust slammed into his cheeks, her cock conquering his wet tunnel, enjoying the immense tightness as her corona scraped his insides. His body clenched around her and milked her. As she drove her hips into him, she pulled back on his waist, pulling him onto her cock with each thrust.

Her thick length jerked and throbbed inside him, pulsing against his abused ass. She felt her ass tighten and knew the cliff was in sight, so she stopped. Her cock disappeared inside him, all the way, throbbing. She dug her fingers in his ass cheeks and panted hard, fighting her orgasm. She stared at his back, which was glistening with sweat. Her fingers painted circles on his tiny ass that was mashed against her mons, lovingly massaging her twitching cock. She grabbed his shoulders and pulled him up on his knees. Still etched deep inside him, she turned his head and sought his lips.

Kevin pushed her back and collapsed forward. Her cock almost came out of him so he slowly rolled backward on his hands and knees. It was a sinful delight to feel her gliding back into his anal passage, filling every inch within. He rocked back into her toned hips. Slowly, he found his rhythm, but soon he shifted gear and was slamming into her. Helen held his hips but allowed him to take control.

"Oh, god, Kev, slow, slower. I'm..."

He pushed himself wildly into her, not heeding her pleas. His need to feel her cum pour inside him made him go faster.

Her cock twitched hard inside him, once, twice. Her ass clenched hard. She tried to hold the dam like that Dutch kid from the story but was too late.

"Ahhhh!" Helen shouted and shot her viscous cum into him. He could physically feel the pressure build within himself as her warm load flooded his insides. She thrust hard, meeting his backward thrusts. She felt like her body poured into his as shot after shot of her fluids filled his clenching tunnel.

"Ah, ah, ah." Her ass clenched with each thrust and her toes curled. "Ahhh!"

She thrust a few more times, sending more ropes of cum inside him. Then with a long, satisfied sigh, Helen flopped down, wrapping her arms around his chest and clinging tightly. Her full breasts pressed flush against his back, while her panting breaths synched with his own.

Even as her own orgasm started to subside, she humped him a little more, grinding her hips, the small movement still enough to churn her cock inside him. She wanted to wring out the last drop of pleasure from their lovemaking.

"I'm getting better at this!" she huffed. She didn't ask, she stated a fact. "Am I now the best of the best?"

"You were always the best."

"I love you." Helen tugged on his earlobes with her teeth, then she licked inside his ear. It tickled, and Kevin tried getting away. She buried her nose at the back of his neck, and even though she was soft, she begun gyrating inside him once more.

"Jesus, again?"

"I didn't cum yet."

"Helen, you just had—"

"I faked my orgasm," she giggled. "Yep."

"Right! Okay, just let me take down a note."

"To whom?"

"I'll send it in a bottle down the river. 'To whom it may concern. She wants sex again. I'm holed up in the bedroom, door's locked. Water's running low, and I'm not sure the food will last. Send help!'"

"Hey!"

He swiveled his head backward and won a torrent of kisses on his lips and ear. "I'm only human. We did it twice this morning and four times last night. I'm a bit raw. Aren't you?"

"I have twenty-nine years of repressed sexual needs inside me, Kev."

"And I'm the one who's supposed to compensate for that?"

"Yes?" Her smile was butterflies, sunshine, and pigtails' innocence. "It's a dirty job, but someone gotta do it."

"I'm not sure you'd want me to, once you've read my CV."

"Huh?"

He sighed. "I need to come clean about a few things, Helen. Fuck that, about a ton of things."

She finally let go of his body and nodded, pulling out of him. Her soft cock left his hole, and a stream of futanari goo started streaming down his legs. He dunked himself in the pool.

"I'm missing some parts, right? Like the night you came home at five thirty after you called me from who knows where?"

Kevin nodded. "Will you promise to still love me once I tell you everything?"

She took his hand and kissed it gently, then pressed it against her cheek. "You're the one who said you don't want secrets between us."

He sighed. "Much easier when they're your secrets. Between you and me, Helen, you're a much better human being."

"Bullshit!"

Kevin pulled himself to the edge of the pool and told her everything, or almost everything. He told her about the time Diana took him to the club, forced him to humiliate himself in public, and then half raped him when she was high on something. Kevin told her how they visited Nadine's mansion, about the illegal wrestling match and the Lace Boys. He told her about the time Diana got home drunk and how he ran away. Kevin told her about Ginger and the twins, and finally about the crazy angels-and-devils sex party at the mansion. He kept only the most embarrassing parts to himself, like sex with Sin and the twins or the details of his trysts with Nadine.

Helen listened intently. She didn't judge or say anything. If some of the things he said shocked her, she kept it hidden.

"Wow." She said when he was done. "Simply wow."

"And then some."

"I know Diana hangs around a wild bunch, but this is...wow. Illegal wrestling and illegal gambling. Prostitutes. Drugs? Sex trafficking. And you say she works for these people? Who are they exactly?"

"I'm not sure. Nadine is one of them. I saw that big lady who came to the penthouse a couple of times...Leanne?"

"Who?"

"She's your colleague. You know, a little on the heavy side, twelve-year-old level of sophistication kind of innuendo."

"Marianne?"

"Yeah. I saw Marianne once at Nadine's mansion at the wrestling arena. And I think I saw her at the sex party too."

"Are you certain?"

Kevin nodded.

"What the hell was she doing there?"

Kevin shrugged. "Fucking Lace Boys?"

"That I can believe." Helen nodded. "She gave me a Lace Boys card once, told me I should give it a try."

"There was someone else too. That older lady, Suzan Owens—you talked with her at the fundraising event. I'm pretty sure that she was there too. I didn't see her properly, but you can't mistake that southern drawl of hers. It's like a female Tommy Lee Jones on steroids."

"It makes no sense, Kev."

"I know what I saw."

"Marianne is our Bay Area Acquisitions Manager, and Suzan is a new board member and a respectable businesswoman."

Kevin shrugged.

"Weird and scary. About this Nadine—"

"Shit."

"You've slept with her?"

Kevin took a deep breath. "Your sister fucks whomever she wants, wherever she wants, and whenever she wants. Diana doesn't even bother to hide it. Plus, she's not really my girlfriend. It's more of an 'If you break up with me I'll screw your dad,' sort of relationship."

"That was kind of a twisted way of saying yes."

"Yeah."

"I'm not judging."

"Sounds like you do."

"I'm just a...little jealous." Helen squinted her eyes. "Is she...? Is she beautiful?"

"She's exotic."

"So is an anteater."

"She looks like Salma Hayek if Salma Hayek were younger, taller, had perfect caramel skin and darker hair."

"You're not helping, Kev."

"I don't love her. I love you."

"What?" She lay down her long naked body on the wooden parquet and closed her eyes, letting the last rays of the day sink into her golden skin.

"I said, I don't love her. I love you."

"You what?"

"Something wrong with your ears?"

"I just love hearing you say that."

"Well, my mom used to say..." He paused, then looked to the clear sky, then back at Helen. "Fuck it! Doesn't matter what she used to say."

"Hey!" Helen's eye snapped open. "Don't do that!"

Kevin shrugged.

"We are what we are, Kev. Part of that is our parents, the good and the bad. She did a lot of good raising you up the way you are."

There was a massive hole inside Kevin left by his mother's death. Despite her choices and the way she had destroyed their family, his mother was always his moral compass. She was also the only person he ever confided in about everything. His mother had all the answers, and her absence was a wound that never stopped bleeding. But as he looked inward to that hole, he saw the shy smile of a girl with an eyepatch. Yes, she was more than a bit of a dork, very insecure, and she never could offer any advice about people, because she didn't really understand them. But her love was real, and it filled him and soothed all the rough edges.

He snuggled close to her and kissed her lips, watching her eye slowly close again.

---

Helen yawned and stretched on the uncomfortable plane seat. Her hand rested on Kevin's chest, under his shirt. She'd slept the entire time, and her head nestled against his shoulder. She remembered all the times she wanted to touch him and couldn't, so she kissed his neck and thought happy thoughts. "Was I out for long?"

Kevin nodded. "We've got less than two hours to landing."

"Fuck! Did I miss Antman?"

"Meh, you didn't miss much. It was about a man stung by a radioactive aunt. His superpower was telling how your mom was just like you when she was young."

"Why didn't you wake me up? You know how I like sci-fi."

Kevin's finger trailed the elegant curve of her mouth. Helen's lips were one of her best features; they reminded him of rose petals. When she pouted, it actually took some effort not to kiss them. "I figured you needed the sleep after keeping us busy till one a.m."

"Actually, we kept at it until two a.m.," Helen said.

"Where was I?"

"Asleep." Helen giggled. "I was very gentle."

"You're beginning to scare me, you insatiable woman. No, like really."

Her palm clenched around his nipple. She tried stretching her long legs. "Boy, I hate flying."

"Kinda boring," Kevin said. "I thought it would be super-awesome, but it's as fun as a never-ending bus ride."

"Planes don't bore me, they stress me. Especially when the pilot speaks a foreign language, I'm always thinking he's saying that we're about to crash, and we should kiss our loved ones goodbye."

Kevin's hand under the blanket that covered both of them traveled down between her legs and lifted her skirt. His fingers found her bulge, gently lifted the elastic band and fished out her cock. He started kneading her soft member.

There was no one in the seat next to them, and across the aisle the passengers were asleep. Plus he did it very gently, not disturbing the blanket. Helen closed her eye and snuggled closer, her head resting in the crook of his neck. "I suddenly like flying," she whispered. "Very much. It's a miracle."

He played with her member for an hour. Each time her breath quickened, he pulled his hand off. At last, frustrated, she closed her hand on his. Her fingers were long and delicate, but they were deceiving. Like many futanari, she was much stronger than most men. She pumped herself using his hand until she came, her fluids running down her cock.

"Oops, I obviously didn't think this one through," she huffed. Kevin thought he should offer his mouth as that was massive wicked, but then the pre-landing seatbelts sign popped on. He offered her a tissue instead.

"Are we going to talk about the elephant on the plane?" Helen suddenly said. "I didn't feel like bringing it up because I didn't want to ruin the good vibes. But we need to wake up."

"An elephant on the plane sounds like a crappy idea."

"I was talking about Diana."

"Oh."

Helen twisted her mouth. "Yeah. I know you think I don't have it in me to stand up to her. But I did it before. Anyway, we don't have a choice."

"What are you talking about?"

"We'll do it like taking off a band-aid. The best method is a single hard pull. I'll explain to her how things are between us and...she'll have to understand." Helen puffed her cheeks. She was sure the confrontation would be nothing like removing a band-aid. More like defusing an IED by banging it with a hammer. 


"Helen, which part of Diana holding my dad's promissory note didn't you get? You don't know her if you think she won't take it out on him."

"I'll buy the promissory note. 125 K, right? No biggie."

"She won't sell."

"I'll give your dad the money, then. It's just a promissory note. If the indebted wants to pay, the person owning the debt must accept."

"First, my dad would never agree to that, and second, do you really wanna buy me?"

"What?" She pulled her hand out of his shirt and straightened in her seat. "What?"

"You're just like Nadine. She offered much more money, by the way."

"What? I'm...I want to be with you."

"And when people ask how we've met you'll say you bought me for the bargain price of 125K?"

"What? Jesus, Kev, I don't care about the stupid money. It's a gift."

"No one gives 125K as a gift."

She smirked. "Let me guess, your mom used to say that?"

"Stop it! Don't be mean. I want this just as bad as you do. But I want to come into this relationship with a clean slate. On equal terms. I don't want something like money to sit there between us."

She stared at him, her face was a mask of confusion and shock. "You can't be her boyfriend anymore, Kevin."

"Why not? I've faked it for six months. I can keep doing it."

"That's insane, Kev. You can't."

"And whose fault is that?"

"What?"

"Diana wasn't alone on this, she had an accomplice."

Helen thought at first that he was talking about Nadine, but then she remembered, and it felt like a fist to the gut.

"The night we met? Almost six months ago, I begged you to cut me some slack. Not metaphorically, I actually begged. I told you that you're not really leaving me any choice, and you told me to grow up."

"So this is what? Payback time? You're punishing me now?" Her voice trembled.

"Hell, no! I forgave you a long time ago when I understood how things worked between you and Diana. But you said something important that night. That adults need to own their shit. We'll own it, eventually. But you don't get to buy me, because I'm not for sale. I really love you, and I want to be someone you love, not a product you bought. Shit! Oh!" He cursed when he saw the first tear running down her cheek. He pulled her head towards his body. Helen pushed him away at first, but he started kissing her, and she was always desperate for his touch. "Hey. Hey. Don't." He wiped the tear; more were coming forth. "It's just a setback. I'll find a solution—I always do."

"How the hell are you supposed to come up with 125K?" she sobbed.

"I'm not sitting on my ass, Helen. You know me, I never quit. I'm like a little rhinoceros."

"How?"

"I'm attacking it from several angles. My dad's business' biggest problem is that he still thinks he's in the eighties. People don't visit electronic shops today when they can buy cheaper without taking their ass off the couch. I took a web-design course last semester. The project I've delivered was an e-commerce site for my dad. It's been running for four weeks, and already my dad's revenues have picked up." He stopped to wipe another tear. "I won't be working as a part-time diving instructor for the rest of my life either. I have only three courses left in this semester to finish my degree, and I have already sent my CV out. Got an interview next week with a company that does 3D gem simulations for the diamond industry in India. They've got an opening for a beginner software engineer." He wiped her tears again and kissed her. "It's a 75K salary; a nice start. I'll keep working on the weekends at the diving club. I also plan on taking gigs using platforms like Freelancer, offering my budding web skills." He tried to smile, hoping to lighten the mood. "I'm not lazy. I'll do what it takes."

"So when?"

"If I'm able to take out a loan, then in a year maybe? Probably less?"

"What? No! No way!"

"A year is a long time, Helen. My dad's business can pick up; Diana might be fed up with me. A ton of things can happen."

"You're proud, Kevin."

"Huh?"

"A seventy-year-old ex-landlord needs her washing machine fixed, and immediately you drop by her place, even though you owe her nothing. But God forbid anyone ever offers you help. You're proud and stubborn." She wiped her tear with her hand. "I'm not giving you up!"

"No one is giving anyone up. It's just a setback. Hey. Don't break my heart like that, Helen," he said tenderly. "Be a Valkyrie. I've got to do it my way or... You'll see, we'll be together. We just need a little patience."

"I'm not waiting a year or a month!"

There was stressed silence in the cab on their way home. Kevin tried hugging her and soothing with kisses, but she went back into that sad cave she sometimes holed up in. Her stress only grew once she shut off the flight mode on her smartphone and started getting emails and messages.

"What the...?"

"What happened?" Kevin placed a hand on her leg and rubbed it.

"This can't be right. Something...I gotta go to the office."

"Now?"

"Something doesn't add up."

"But you're officially on vacation until tomorrow. Diana is at the club today, so we have the entire house to ourselves till at least eleven. We can, you know..." He kissed her neck, and Helen closed her eye and breathed deeply. There was nothing she wanted more right now than diving under the sheets with Kevin in her big lonely bed.

"I gotta go to work, Kev."

---

The house was quiet, but his mind was a buzzing hive. Kevin almost caved in when Helen began crying, and he picked up his phone several times after they parted ways, to tell her he had changed his mind. Should he let her pay his father's debt? His father would never agree to take money from a stranger, but he wouldn't have to know the money came from Helen. Kevin could lie and invent a story. There were so many lies circling his life already; would another small one make such a difference?

He didn't want to wait a year, either, and he suspected that it might take longer. His credit score still sucked ass. There was little chance of getting a loan anytime soon.

For the millionth time since his mother's death, he wanted to call her and ask her what to do.

When in doubt, get busy. That was Kevin's modus operandi. He loaded the machine with the last batch of their vacation's laundry, shoved the previous batch into the dryer, and started folding dried shirts from the first batch. There was a knock on the penthouse door.

"Hi, Purple Eyes."

He stared at her, blinking stupidly. She was the last person he expected to see on his doorstep. She wore a long, slim, elegant purple overcoat, buttoned up to her neck. Hot, effortlessly.

"If the mountain won't come to Nadine, then Nadine will swallow her pride and come to visit Kevin. How was your vacation?"

"Super."

Nadine pulled out her cigarette pack. Despite the calm, predatory demeanor which was her modus operandi, her fingers shook, and she tucked the pack right in without extracting a cigarette. "You're planning on letting me stand here for long?"

"I...no, sure. Come in. Want something to drink?"

"I'm hungry." She wetted her lips.

"Diana is still at the club."

"Who gives a fuck?"

He coughed. "I can fix you something to eat."

"I'm not hungry for food." She entered the penthouse, scanning her surroundings. "So this is the Brion palace. Nice."

"Nadine, there is something—"

"It never happened to me before." Nadine stopped in the middle of the living room, hands on her hips. She looked around her, her face contorted into a snarl, like a lioness sniffing out another lioness' hunting grounds. Kevin wondered if she'd pee on the TV to establish dominance. "There's always a first, I guess."

"First what?"

"Men chase me; it's not the other way around, Kevin. I'm hot. This ain't right."

He nodded.

"I've been waiting for you to call. And waiting and waiting. Like a fucking deluded girl who waits for the guy to send her a message the day after he fucked her. I'm too old for these kinds of games."

"Nadine—"

"Tell your mom there is no heaven or hell, only the here and the now."

"My mom is dead."

Her hand went down and pulled out her pack again, then returned it to her pocket without extracting a cigarette. It was just a nervous tick. "It's a man-eat-man world. You gotta have the biggest teeth to take what you want; otherwise, you're screwed."

"It's not a man-eat-man world, Nadine, and you never took anything I didn't want to give."

"Because you like to take on your terms only. When you're fed up with that psychotic bitch who calls herself your girlfriend."

"I've been fed up with her from day one, and the only reason I'm with Diana is that you enabled her."

"You're an asshole, Kev."

He nodded.

"Nodding like a fucking garden gnome. Did you hear what I said?"

"What do you want, Nadine?"

She crossed the distance between them and grabbed his shirt. "Fuck you! You know exactly what I want."

"Nadine, things have—"

"I get it! Your parents fucked you up good." Her fingers trailed the curve of his neck. "You were raised by crazy religious care-bears. You're not special, Kev. We were all fucked up by our parents. Mine wanted to operate on my little sister and make her a woman. You're not special."

"I never said I was."'

"You can't be mine because of what I do. I get it. It's probably half the excitement. The fact that you're nothing like anyone I know." She sought his lips, but he turned his head away. "So here I am, on your terms. Again! Tell me what you want, Kev. Want me to beg? Is that what makes you hard?"

"Nadine," he said tenderly.

She opened the first button of her trench coat, then the next. They popped one after another, the little guardians of her caramel skin. Kevin gasped. Underneath she wore a see-through crochet beach dress and nothing else.

"Nadine."

"I'm crazy about you, Kevin. I'm in—" She caressed his cheek.

"Nadine, I'm so sorry."

"Don't get sorry, get naked."

He shook his head.

"Want me to help you?" She smiled and started lifting his shirt.

"Nadine, stop!" He raised his voice, and at last, she registered that something wasn't the same between them. Her smile froze, and her eyes squinted to slits.

"Things have changed," he said tenderly.

"Changed? Changed how? Ooh." Nadine's smile had nails, whips, and fire in it. "Helen?"

Kevin didn't answer; he didn't have to. She could read the answer in his blush.

"Just a friend, eh?" She smirked.

"I'm sorry."

"Diana knows?"

Kevin shook his head.

"Stupid me. Coming here, blabbering about... Did you enjoy the show?"

He tried to touch her cheek, but she slapped his hand, almost brutally.

"It makes sense. Helen's not a pimp like me. She's a decorated ex-marine, morally superior. Pure and brave with a conscience as spotless as Bill Clinton not having sexual relation with that woman. She just fucks her sister's boyfriend behind her sister's back."

"Nadine."

"She's not what you think she is, Kevin."

"I'm sorry."

"Me too." She buttoned her coat. "Marianne gave her my Lace Boys' card a few months ago. She's been a regular client since."

"That's a lie, Nadine."

"Is it?"

"Trashing her is beneath you. You have a beef with me; please don't take it out on her. "

"I don't have any beef with you, Kevin. In fact, I don't have anything with you. Have a nice life with your morally superior cyclops."

---

It took Helen one call to Ms. Lewinski to get the number. However, once she had it, she was reluctant to use it. She pressed all the digits but didn't touch 'Dial.' Her Samsung had hung like a failed exam in her car mount during the entire ride to her office. Once she'd parked, she picked up the phone and accidentally dialed.

"Hello?"

"S-sorry," she mumbled. "Wrong number."

"Helen?"

She hung up, heart pounding. Five seconds later, her phone rang. She stared at it like it was an IED with an itch. The concept of a relationship was new to her, but talking to Kevin's dad behind Kevin's back suddenly didn't seem so hot. What she had with Kevin was too precious to risk.

The phone went quiet, then started ringing again. Helen took a deep breath.

"Helen?"

"Who is this?"

"This is Finn O'Brien, you just called me." He had a tenor voice that was pleasant on the ears. He sounded nothing like Kevin.

"It's, it was a mistake."

"This is Helen Brion, right? I have a True Call application."

Crap. Technology bested her. "It was a mistake; I shouldn't have called."

"Helen, please don't hang up. Please." There was genuine urgency in his voice.

"Okay."

"Is everything okay with Kevin?"

"Sure. Kevin's...we've just returned home."

There was silence on the other end of the line. Finn was processing. Helen wondered how much he knew about the nature of Kevin's relationship with Diana. Kevin never spoke about his dad, and all she knew about him was that he owned an electronics shop and lived in a region that wasn't futanari-tolerant.

"Helen, is everything really okay with Kevin?"

"I..."

"Please. I won't judge, and I won't blame. I need to know the truth."

It was her turn to be quiet.

"It's just that he's become a professional in compartmentalizing. I never seem to get an honest answer from him these days. It's always, 'everything is okay, don't worry.' But I know him; I feel that something isn't right. Please, Helen, I promise I'll never say anything to him. I just need to know that everything is okay."

She took a deep breath. How could she tell Kevin's dad that nothing was okay? That Kevin has been forced into a relationship with Diana that he hated because he wanted to protect his father. That it was her fault. That she loved his son so much it hurt.

"Kevin speaks very highly of you, Helen. I think he admires you."

"I think he's...I admire him too."

"I've made some terrible mistakes with him in the past. Kevin used to hang with a bunch of people I didn't approve of. They were a bad influence. Instead of trying to understand and be supportive, I...my anger pushed him away. Since then he's learned not to trust me..." His voice broke, and he took some time to start talking again. "Sorry for being so emotional, but I'm worried about him. Is, is there a possibility to meet with you face to face, Helen? Just to talk. I'll come over; you say when and where."

"I..."

"Helen, please. Kevin is my only son. The only family I have left."

----

It was almost surreal entering the Richardson & Williams office after her vacation. It had been only two and a half weeks, but she felt like a stranger. Helen was in a good mood, though. The phone call with Kevin's father lifted her spirits. Finn O'Brien sounded like someone who was desperate to help his son. She already believed there might be a way out of their predicament.

"Oh my God, Helen? You look amazing." Jessica Bell, the senior analyst, intercepted her at the door. The older woman changed her attitude towards Helen after she had helped Jessica with the loan. Helen used to be excluded, by default, from any office social activities. Nowadays Jessica made sure to invite her whenever everyone at the office went for a drink. She kept her updated about her granddaughter's new shenanigans. She was almost motherly now, where once she'd maintained a professional distance, mirroring Helen's coldness.

"Oh my God, Helen. I didn't recognize you. Seriously! I asked myself who is this blond model, and what the hell is she doing here?"

"Worked on my tan." Helen smiled. "I have a hard time recognizing myself in the mirror too."

Jessica scanned her. "It's not just the tan."

"Huh?"

"Yeah. There's definitely an aura."

Helen laughed "Say what now?"

"An aura, girl. You're glowing," she gave her a conspiratorial wink and a tiny nod.

"What on earth are you on about?"

"Sure. Deny. You go, girl; seems like he was a mind-blowing experience."

He sure was, Helen thought. The office used to be her safest place. She felt appreciated and valued here. The reason she always burned the midnight oil and never took a vacation was that she loved being in this place. But she had been here for five minutes, and already she was thinking about Kevin and how she needed his presence. Helen felt like a stranger in her office, not because the place had changed in her absence, but because she had.

Her excellent mood took a deep dive when she scouted Suzan Owens in Marianne's office. The elder futanari and the Bay Area Purchase Manager were sharing a joke or something similar. Both looked smug. When Helen went past Marianne's office, Suzan lifted her head and gave her a tiny nod.

"What the hell is she doing here? The board meeting is in a month."

Jessica shrugged. "She's a shareholder, too, so I guess she can come whenever she likes. I've seen her a lot lately."

"And what business does she have with Marianne, anyway?"

Jessica shrugged again. "Dunno. I think they know each other personally."

"What makes you say that?" Helen remembered everything Kevin said about both Suzan and Marianne.

"Kind of obvious."

The shades to William's private office were down, and that was strange because she never remembered seeing them like that. William believed in transparency, literally. Helen was surprised to see a new face sitting at the secretary's desk in front of his office. A young black male.

"Hi, I'm Helen."

The young man nodded quickly. "Yes, Ms. Brion, of course. I know who you are."

Well, she guessed that was unavoidable. Just like they were given a crash course in operating the broken coffee machine on the third floor, new employees were probably briefed by their colleagues about the one-eyed Ice Queen. It never bothered her before, but now it stung. Another change.

"Is Tina not feeling well?"

"Tina doesn't work here anymore as far as I know." He smiled weakly. "I'm replacing her."

Helen didn't like changes. "William is in a meeting?" she asked

The young man shook his head. "Been like that since morning."

"Can I—?"

"He asked not to be disturbed."

"Tell him it's me and that's it's important."

"He asked not to be disturbed."

She didn't have the patience to argue. She merely knocked on William's door and entered when he answered. William Richardson, her boss, fifty years old, grey-haired but still very handsome, was staring idly out the window. He played with his Ka-Bar, his Marine combat knife from his service during operation Desert Storm in '91, flipping it in the air and whirling it around his right hand absent-mindedly.

"Hey, you look different." He smiled warmly when he turned and saw her.

"It's the tan."

"Sit down, sit down." He sheathed the knife, placed it in its rightful place on the desk, and pressed the intercom. "David, please bring two coffees, one for me, one for Helen. Three-quarter decaf extra hot soy latte with two equals." He looked at her. "Yes. You look...you look amazing. And all it took was two and a half weeks of a well-deserved vacation."

She nodded, smiling. Somehow everyone could see Kevin's kisses on her face. She liked it. "How are things around here?"

"Busy."

"Tina quit?"

He sighed. There were black circles under William's eyes. "I had to let her go."

"Why? What did she do?"

"Absolutely nothing. Don't ask. By the way, weren't you supposed to come back tomorrow?"

"I opened my inbox on the way home from the airport. Well, I read some updates that didn't make sense. I thought I'd just drop by to clear things up."

"What didn't make sense?" William's iPhone chimed, and he checked it. It was uncharacteristic of her boss. He took anyone engaged in a conversation with him and checking their smartphone as a personal affront. He once publicly shamed an employee who did it in a meeting. 



"Destiny Mall on the table again?" Helen said. "Not just on the table. Marianne's team is working on a deal. I killed that stinker four months ago, that and the Fairmount Park project. Both have miraculously risen from the dead while I was gone."

"Stinker?" He absentmindedly rechecked his messages. "I remember you said it was an opportunity."

"What? I would never."

"Really? I'm certain there was an email from you several weeks ago that supported Destiny Mall."

Helen's lips pursed like she just chewed on a lemon. "Impossible!"

"I'm..." He checked his email, but then he had a phone call.

"What?" He sounded angry. "Carmela, we've been through that— No. No. I'm with Helen. Christ! Stop it! I'm not, I'm not even going to discuss it, Carmela!"

Helen pointed at the door. "Do you want me to...?"

William ended the call and shook his head. "I'm...wow." He rubbed his face. "My wife and I, we're having difficulties right now. Hell, that's the understatement of the century."

Helen nodded. She was never sure how to react in intimate situations.

"I know I can trust your discretion, Helen. The truth is that my marriage is... The ugly truth is that the only reason I fired Tina is that Carmela insisted that I sack her."

"What?"

"She thought I was having an affair with her. Don't ask. She thought I might be having an affair with you, too, Helen."

"What? Why, why would she think something like that?"

"It's nothing rational." He sighed deeply. "She wanted me to fire you too."

"What?" Helen's heart skipped several beats. Her job as a vice-president of Richardson & Williams defined her. At least until recently, it served as the main reason to wake up every morning, knowing that there was a place in her life where she was appreciated and valued.

"It has nothing to do with you. It's about Carmela and me and what we are going through right now. Don't be alarmed. I've only told you in case the two of you meet, and she acts funny towards you. It isn't rational, I know. But that's the ugly truth right now."

"Maybe I should talk to her?"

He shook his head. "It's best if you don't. I can't find the email, by the way, but I'm not senile. I'm sure Destiny Mall had your blessing."

"No way, William! Marianne's team is running Fairmount Park deal too?"

"Marianne's team? I think." That also was weird. William micro-managed. It seemed like his personal life deeply affected his ability to run his firm. "Yes, that's Marianne too."

"That weasel. First, Marianne wanted me on-board, then when she didn't get that, she went behind my back. I'll have a lot to say in the next CEO meeting."

"It's not as simple as it was, Helen. The board has been giving me a rough time lately."

Another scary change. William was always the navigator, and the board was happy to follow the routes he marked, relying on his instincts and experience to choose the profitable pass. "Let me guess. Suzan Owens?"

"Oh, that terrible woman. Sometimes I think she's bought the shares just so she can be a pain in my ass."

"Well, she doesn't run this company. You do. By the way, did you inquire about the ElasticDatica's invoices?"

His brow furrowed as he tried to remember.

"The MS Word invoices. Marianne's team issued the job."

"I'm sorry. I probably should have, but it had completely slipped my mind." He ruffled his hair. "I haven't been myself lately, Helen. This thing with my wife... I'll throw the ball back to you on the matter of Marianne and her team."

"My forte is an analysis based on accurate data, not people, William."

Absent-minded again, he took out his Ka-Bar knife and started playing with it. "You're my Valkyrie, Helen, there is nothing you can't do."

---

Helen was terrible with people, but numbers were her buddies. Numbers didn't lie, they didn't manipulate, and they never made her feel small or freakish. Numbers talked to her. Spreadsheets and dry figures and charts turned into live, breathing creatures in her head. Trends, loans, credits, leases, mortgages, portfolios, market performance, and research were her best friends. She could spot opportunities where others saw risk and sniff out the danger where others would tread unaware. William spotted her fantastic skill early on. Maybe because his three daughters manifested the futanari gene, William approached her with none of the regular prejudice. He became her mentor and protector. She rewarded him with absolute loyalty.

Numbers didn't lie, and Marianne's investment offer on her desk stunk to high heaven. Destiny Mall was supposedly a vast new complex of malls in the area of the demolished city high-rises north of the river. The numbers were excellent, beyond excellent. The high rates of return were impossible. The only reason for something to look so good was if someone had cooked the numbers. When she looked deeper, it didn't even appear like a bad investment—it looked more like a real-estate Ponzi scheme.

But why the hell would Marianne want to hurt her own company? Maybe Suzan had shares in Destiny Mall? She wouldn't be the first board member not to give full disclosure about a conflict of interest. On the other hand, Destiny Mall was an enormous investment, and its failure could cause a massive dent in Richardson & Williams' shares. Suzan Owens was a shareholder. Why would she want her own shares to plummet?

She searched and found more of ElasticDatica's bogus MS Word invoices. Not all of them came from Marianne's team. Some of them were issued for Alan Mason, the new CFO who replaced Sarah Flores two months ago. Not a small number of them were issued by her office, by her own team. She stared at those, perplexed. What the hell was going on? She asked Jessica, but the analyst had no idea who issued the requests to ElasticDatica. Helen wasn't so sure now that ElasticDatica and Destiny Mall were even connected.

She knew she was missing something.

Maybe this was all about a hostile takeover? Maybe Suzan wanted the shares to drop so she could buy cheap? She stared at the numbers, but they for once remained mute. When she remembered to look up at the clock, she shuddered. Night had fallen.

Her head was buzzing with dark thoughts as she hurried back home. She was desperate to get there before Diana, to sit down with Kevin and convince him to change his mind. The image in her mind of her empty bed filled her heart with a void. She'd tell Kevin that she needed him more than he needed to keep his pride intact.

The penthouse was silent. Helen called his name a few times. Kevin wasn't in the kitchen or in the living room. She knocked on Diana's door, received no answer, so she opened the door just to make sure.

It took her time to register what she saw on the bed, and when she did her heart shattered into a million little pieces.

Diana's lithe body was a rolling wave, on top of the man Helen fell in love with. Her sister's fingers clasped the blond spikes Helen loved to run her hand through. Diana pulled Kevin's head backward and pounded his ass, hard. As Helen stared, shocked, Diana sunk her teeth into the back of his neck, the same neck Helen learned to kiss and snuggle into.

Kevin told her that kindness comes before everything else, but he would have been kinder had he stabbed her with a knife.

Diana stopped moving and, face flushed, turned her way. "What the fuck are you doing, perv? Get the fuck out!"

She needed to get away. To be anywhere else, just not here where her heart was breaking.

Helen somehow found the strength to activate her muscles again. She ran back to the hallway, ran past her room, and kept running into the stairwell and down the stairs all the way to the street. She kept on running, aimless, through the dark alleys and into the quiet park.

It's a well-known fact that if you want tornados to stop, you should kill all the annoying butterflies. It's like good old David Hume used to say, causation is defined in terms of a counterfactual relation. It's true. Our actions in the past echo in the future. Tom Murphy, a drunk from Kevin's former hometown, threw a firebomb during an LGBTF march in Phoenix. It started a chain of events that had yet to be resolved. Helen had once made a decision and caved in to Diana's pleas. She forced a purple-eyed stranger she believed was a lazy, spoilt gold-digger into a relationship with her sister. She never dreamed that her decision would haunt her six months later.

Helen found herself in the dark, empty park, sitting on a swing, wondering what the hell she should do next. She couldn't confront Diana, and she didn't know what she could say to Kevin. Hell, she couldn't even crawl back into the penthouse again. The image of them in the other room was too much. In the end, she decided to cry. Someone really should do something about those damn butterflies.

Happiness is rare. It's a delicate golden string that shimmers at the corner of your eye. One wrong move, one wrong touch, and it can slip through your fingers. Once you hold it in your palm against all odds, and suddenly you feel it slipping away, that's the cruelest thing there is.

---

To be continued...

*****

Don't fret, it gets worse before it gets better.

You know the drill. I write the sexy stuff, you press the stars to fight off the haters and to make me want to keep on writing. Leave me a note too, they always make me happy, even if they say parts of the story sucked ass.

I'm still holding on to my original plan so 3 more chapters to go. Chapter 11 is a work in progress (3/4 done).

See ya soon.

Report Story
byallthatisfuta© 31 comments/ 17465 views/ 38 favorites

