Family Issues Ch. 11
byallthatisfuta©

Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

As always, I need to thank, Stylus and Madison, my cool editors – for their endless patience (I keep on making the same mistakes. I never learn).

$$$$$$$$$$$$

Loneliness is a hole. It swallows everything until nothing matters. What does it matter if you can watch the most fantastic Game of Thrones episode, cook the most excellent dinner, or dive to the deepest blue if you have no one to share it with? Words don't matter when there is no one else to hear them spoken.

For her 30th birthday, Helen got an empty house full of loneliness. Diana moved out of the penthouse a week after their vacation, taking Kevin with her.

Sunday morning, Helen woke up screaming from one of her nightmares. For a deluded moment in Slovenia, she believed they were gone, the tormentors of her sleep. They stayed away when Kevin slept in her bed, his warm body breathing softly against hers. Now that he was gone, they came back with a vengeance.

"Kevin," she whispered. Then she gave a short cry, just to make sure she still existed. It echoed around the penthouse. She could scream for hours, but no one would come. Instead, the ghosts of her past kept her company; they paraded around her and within her. Her dead mother, her dead Andy, the young girl she once was.

She reached for her smartphone. There was a single 'Happy Birthday' from Jessica Bell, her colleague, the analyst. Nothing else.

"Please call," she whispered.

Kevin told her not to call him because Diana monitored his calls these days. Her little sister smashed his Samsung when she found an hour-long conversation with Helen.

Two days ago, she'd had a terrible day at her office and just had to see him. Helen waited for Kevin outside his new workplace, a chrome monster where high-tech hipsters roamed. Kevin blended in and looked happy in a new suit, surrounded by a bunch of his new colleagues. She felt too awkward to approach. Maybe Kevin wouldn't feel comfortable about her? By the time he'd waved goodbye to everyone, Diana had ruined everything when she came and picked him up in a shiny new Jaguar XJ-Sport.

Helen tried to rise from the bed for the second time, but her muscles turned to jelly.

"Please call," she whispered again at her smartphone, willing the screen to light up with a text from him.

She dragged herself out of her bed. On her way to the bathroom, she passed Kevin and Diana's empty room. Diana left a few boxes when she took Kevin and moved north of the river. Helen didn't touch the place, hoping that somehow, they'd both be back.

Once when she had days like these, she would go to work, even on Sundays. Her office provided comfort. Not anymore. Drowning herself in reports and numbers was no longer enough, and last Thursday, she had the single most horrible work experience. She quarreled with William about his apathy. She panicked. Voices were raised, and words were said that shouldn't have been. The safe life she had built around herself was crumbling.

Jogging could still provide some comfort. Helen could run for hours, not listening to her own body's complaints. Even when it said there was nothing left in the tank, she could keep pumping those muscles. Later, she would collapse on the bed and sleep the rest of the depressing day off.

Helen donned a black tracksuit, which matched her mood, and ordered her tired legs to take her to the park. It was a gray day outside, and its coldness stabbed deep, but that felt good. The air burned her lungs as she ran. Two border collies were chasing each other in circles around the merry-go-round, and a mounted policeman was eating a sandwich outside the playground's gate. Other than them, the place was deserted, and Helen decided to cut through. On the trail leading to the back gate, Helen stepped into a muddy puddle, and her foot slipped out of her shoe. She cursed silently as she retrieved it and cleaned the dark mud with dry leaves.

"What happened to your eye?"

"Huh?"

"What happened to your eye?"

Helen finished tying her Nike and turned around. A blond girl, maybe six years old, in a pink raincoat and pink Hello Kitty boots, stared at her with half an impish smile.

"Sometimes I like to pretend that I'm a pirate," Helen said.

"You're funny."

"Is that so?"

The girl skipped onto a red and blue merry-go-round and almost fell backward. Helen jumped up and caught her, saving her from tumbling into the mud.

"Grownups don't dress up as pirates, and anyways, Halloween was a week ago. I dressed up as Wonder Woman."

In the Wonder Woman movie, which she'd seen with Kevin, the superhero girl lost her love in the end.

"Can you give me a push, please?"

"Hold on tight." The hinges creaked as Helen gave the merry-go-round a gentle shove.

"I'm not a baby."

"Okay, okay." She put more heart into the next push.

"What's your name?"

"Helen."

"Why were you crying, Helen? Are you sad?"

Helen nodded.

"Why?"

"My love left me, and my heart is broken."

"Why did he leave?"

"You're asking a lot of questions."

"Robin! Robin!" A man in a dark suit and a red face stumbled huffing up the trail leading to the playground. "Robin! I told you to stay near the gate."

"I wanted to go to the playground."

"And I told you to never talk to strangers. You're in big trouble, young lady."

The little girl named Robin appeared unimpressed. She jumped off the still-spinning merry-go-round and started climbing a tall slide's ladder.

The man gave Helen a dark stare. She wasn't very good with body language, but she immediately recognized the disgusted look on his face. It came with the territory and made her cross her arms over her chest, protecting her body. Unlike Diana who was often confused for a tall girl, most people registered immediately that Helen was a futanari.

"I see what you're doing." The man barked at Helen. The animosity in his voice caught her by surprise because bigots usually kept their prejudice under a thin veil of political correctness/social respectability.

"What I'm doing?"

"She's six years old, you pervert!"

"Wh-what?"

"You don't know what I'm talking about? Really?" The man pulled a smartphone out of his coat and pointed it at her. "That's my daughter. You've messed with the wrong person."

"Get that thing out of my face!"

"Or what? Or what, you creep?" His voice rose two notches higher. "You wanted to—? Unlucky for you that I came on time, huh?" he huffed.

"Are you nuts?"

"Officer! Officer!" The angry father hollered at the mounted policeman. "Officer, my daughter! He tried...that creep tried..." The man paused. He probably wasn't sure of what did Helen try to do, but it was apparent that in his mind it included a kidnapping and a dark basement.

"He? So, I'm a creep and a man now?"

"What seems to be the trouble?" The officer descended from his horse, tied it to the gate and swaggered over to serve justice. He was short, bald, and the epitome of bored donut authority with his gun hanging idly at his hip.

The man pointed at Helen. "This thing—"

"I'm a thing now?"

"Ma'am," The officer raised his hand. "Please lower your tone."

"Me? What the hell did I do?" Helen felt the blood rushing to her face. When she was growing up in the projects, insults for being a futanari were a common occurrence. There were enough jerks around who believed futanari were sex-predators. She never got used to the abuse, and even though it was much rarer as an adult, the insults still made her want to beat someone to a pulp.

"I saw him—"

"Her!" she said.

"I saw him—"

"You saw her, not him. I'm not a male."

"I saw him and my daughter."

"Her, not him, her." Helen reached the point where the pungent nibble on annoyance tipped into a full course of bitterness and anger. "I get it that my futanari gene confuses you, but I'm still a woman."

"Don't let that creep get away, officer!"

"Sir, I would like you to calm down too." The officer placed himself between Helen and the enraged father.

"I saw him—"

"Her!" Helen screamed. "I'm a woman. And you didn't see jack shit, because I didn't do anything."

"Ma'am, I will ask you one last time to lower your voice." The officer touched his holster. Helen towered above both men.

"What was it doing here in the first place?" The douchebag seemed to enjoy getting her gender wrong. "This is a playground for kids. He has no business being here. Ask him."

"Sir, I'll do the asking." The officer said. "What were you doing in here, ma'am?"

"Jogging."

"I saw him talking to my kid."

"Sir! I'm going to ask you to take three steps back and stop talking." The officer placed his palm on the man's chest and pushed him back, then turned to Helen. "Did you talk to his kid?"

"I, I was just jogging."

"Did you, or didn't you?"

"So I'm a sexual predator now?"

"Ma'am, one last time," the policeman touched the handcuffs on his belt. "Did you or didn't you talk with this man's child?"

Helen panicked. "My shoe. I mean it came off. I was just, I was just tying my shoes. Robin, the girl, I mean his daughter asked me about my eyepatch. I told her that I'm dressed as a pirate. I mean, I'm, I'm actually a marine, I was injured, I mean the, I was in Iraq. With the Marine Corps."

"You were a marine, ma'am?" The officer looked like he would sooner believe that pigs could fly and that Helen was a crazed sex-offender.

"Maybe he means he was in Marine, Illinois?" The douchebag dad added an insult to humiliation.

"Oh my God, there you are. I've been looking all over for you." Kevin, wearing a dark suit and a tie, jumped over the playground's fence and ran over, then hugged her. It was just in time because Helen was about to assault a douchebag police officer and a douchebag dad.

"Sir, do you know this woman?" the policeman said.

"Yes, of course, sorry. I'm Kevin." Kevin shook the policeman's hand warmly. "I'm her caregiver."

"She said she's a marine? Sounded a little confused."

"She says a lot of things. Yesterday she said she was Ivanka Trump. Before that, she was a Navy SEAL. She's harmless. I'm so sorry, it's totally my fault. She slipped off. She does that sometimes, but she's completely harmless."

"You're my caregiver?" Helen decided that she was going to beat the crap out of Kevin too.

"Yes, sweetie, let's take you home, okay?"

The policeman eyed them both, and Helen finally decided that maybe it's best to play along. She gave Kevin her hand like a little girl. "Sorry for running off, Kev." She said using her best imitation of sweet. "That wasn't cool."

"All right." The police officer tapped the handcuffs hanging from his belt again. "Just make sure this sort of thing never happens again."

"Of course, of course, I'm so sorry. Totally my bad." Kevin nodded, smiling. "Thank you so much, officer."

Helen counted to twenty, allowing the policeman to get back on his horse and trot away before she turned to Kevin. "So I'm mentally impaired, and you're my caregiver?"

"Not sure about the second part, but what do you call someone who for her birthday gives herself 'getting arrested' as a present?"

"Pissed off?"

"Dumb is the word you're looking for. Jesus. Read the situation, Helen. One futaphobic dad," he pointed at the parent who was eying him suspiciously. "And one asshole whose badge went to his head. Defuse, don't escalate. He was about to arrest you, numbnuts. Be smart instead of righteous."

"How the hell was I supposed to?"

"Lots of ways."

"Name one!"

"'Douchebag of the Year' nominee here..." He pointed at the dad. "He can try to mess your gender all he wants. Anyone looking at you sees a woman. A hot woman. You could have acted like a damsel in distress, and that cop would have gone protectively gallant on you. That would have completely turned the tables."

"You're not really her caregiver," Douchebag snarled.

"Of course I'm not." Kevin gave him his brightest smile.

"What?"

"Sorry, my bad. Let me rephrase that. Of course, I'm not, you undersized dictator festering dribbles of ferret excrement, you miserable braindead futaphobic asshole."

"What did you call me?"

"Are you always such a stupid cunt, or is today a special occasion?"

"What?"

Kevin's smile disappeared. "I can explain it to you, but I can't understand it for you, stupid."

"You want a piece of me?"

Kevin assumed his Krav Maga stance. "Fuck, yeah."

"That's it, I'm calling the cops."

"Tell the police I called you stupid. They'll probably send in the SWAT team and deploy helicopters."

The man pulled out his smartphone.

"Wow, that's a new part of you that I've never met, Kevin." Helen lost her anger. It made room for bewilderment, relief, and that happiness she automatically felt when he was around. "Nor do I wish to meet again."

"Yeah, yeah. Wanna wait here for the cops? Cause I'm running home. You know the drill; first place gets to shower first." He took off. Helen gave the astounded parent a middle finger salute and took off after him.

They ran past the park and into the street. Helen knew Kevin was a sprinter, so she stayed with him and reserved her energy for the last dash. She gave it all she had on the finishing three hundred yards and ended in first place by a nice margin.

"It's the stupid suit." Kevin gasped. "Otherwise I would have owned your ass like I always do."

Helen pushed him against the wall. "Why didn't you call?"

"Diana smashed my Galaxy last night. That's like the third time she's done that. I went to the penthouse first, and when you weren't there, I knew where to find you."

She stared at him for a while, just taking him in. Her sun, moon, and stars smiled and tried to kiss her, but she pushed him back.

"Helen, I'm sorry. She's acting crazier than ever."

"A new suit?"

"Had to buy one for my new job. They are kind of retro for a high-tech company, I mean dress code- wise. Anyway, I thought I'd dress nicely for your birthday."

"I like it."

"There was one job opening for a beginner programmer, and there were like a bazillion nominees, and they picked me, even though I still haven't finished my degree. Can you believe it?"

She could. Kevin was smart, had top grades, he was very good-looking, and people immediately liked him. "Wait till they learn what a terrible mistake they've made."

"There are so many new things right now." He tried to kiss her again, and she pulled back and dragged him into the building by his tie. Once they were inside the elevator, she was all over him.

"I'm so sorry, Helen. Diana has people working for her nowadays. They drive me to work and to the university, and they pick me up when I'm done."

She kissed his eyes, his neck, and his ears. Her hands frantically unbuttoned his shirt.

"I said I'd be working at the diving club today. Jack will cover for me; he'll say I'm on the boat if anyone asks."

Helen clasped Kevin's buttocks and pulled his body to hers. She kissed his neck and felt a wave of pure pleasure running through her entire body. His scent, sweat and all, was intoxicating. Her lips made their way, none too gently, up his neck. His lips tasted like Kevin, and for a moment everything was right again.

There was a bright sign on the penthouse door that read: "Happy Birthday, My Love."

She frantically messed with the keys and laughed hysterically when her anxiousness made her drop them twice. On the living room's table stood a layered cake, half lemon yellow, half black chocolate.

"Is that what I think it is?" she said.

"Doberge cake, New Orleans style."

She mentioned once that she'd loved it as a kid. He must have taught himself how to bake it.

"Go shower," Kevin said. "I'll start cooking your birthday meal. I've brought enough stuff to make everything you love. Then we'll have sex, then we'll have some more sex, then I'll give you your present, and then we can do whatever you want, you crazy girl who likes to dance with the law."

"Nope." She pushed his torso, leading him along the hallway, tossing shoes, her socks, her tracksuit, and underwear along the way. She pulled him after her into the shower room and frantically took his shirt off, tearing two buttons in the process. Her massive cock was hard and pointing up, bobbing against her toned body. She lifted him onto the bathroom sink and pulled his shoes and pants off.

She stood for a moment, panting, enjoying his nakedness and the stringy muscles of his torso and abs.

Kevin nodded, took her palm and kissed it, then started caressing it like a palm reader. "I can see a shower in your future with a guy who loves you."

He laughed when the prophecy was fulfilled as Helen lifted him into the shower, and then he screamed like a girl when she turned on the water. He liked to bath in a lukewarm stream, and Helen always waited until the water could give her third-degree burns before she even considered stepping inside. They met halfway, which meant they kept the water hot, and Kevin upped his masculinity because it was her birthday.

He started to kiss her gently, but Helen was too wired for slow lovemaking. She grabbed Kevin by the shoulders and turned him, so his back was against the wall. Her glistening body looming over him, she reached down and slid her hands around his hips and under his bum. With a little effort, she picked him up and moved forward, pinning his back against the steamy shower wall. His hands immediately slipped around her neck for support.

"Knees up," she said with bated breath and kissed him deeply.

Kevin brought his left leg up first, and Helen slipped her hand out from beneath his bum for a second and then brought it back beneath him. He did the same with his right leg, and now she supported his ass with both his legs draped over her strong arms. Helen moved forward, taking the breath out of him as he was squeezed against the wall.

He stared into her eye and smiled. He loved the untamed lust he saw there.

She lowered him slightly, and he jolted when he felt the burgeoning head of her cock pressing against his tight pucker.

"Wait, Helen. Lube."

She placed the liquid soap head against his spread hole and squeezed, flooding his insides with soothing Aloe Vera liquid soap. Then she started to press. Kevin concentrated on relaxing. His sphincter, as it always did, fought the invader at first. The fight was fixed because Kevin wanted her inside as much as Helen wanted to be inside him.

He groaned loudly as the broad, flared head started to spread and stretch the lips of his pink starfish. She pulled down a little on his hips, and he felt the hole stretching and stretching. His eyes became round, and she pulled his head for a ferocious kiss the moment her plum-sized head popped inside. They kissed forever, or until Helen ran out of air. She went crazy for the sensation of his tight muscle clasping so lovingly on her glans.

Helen adjusted her feet slightly, and then he felt her ease up on the tight grip she had on his ass. She allowed gravity to do its thing, allowing the weight of his slim body to propel him down the thick, upright shaft of her rigid cock.

"Ahhh! So good, Helen." He gasped as the massive cock rose higher and higher into his yielding tunnel. As the massive head conquered and scraped his insides, he felt his ring sinking down until his pucker pressed up against her smooth groin. "Oh God, it's so deep, I forgot how big you are," he moaned and leaned his head back against the shower wall. His own cock was hard between their wet bodies and ready to burst. It felt sexy to be entirely filled by her hard lust.

For a time, she stood there, unmoving. The hot water streamed and accumulated between their wet bodies. Helen turned her head and kissed his calf as it draped over her arm. Then she lovingly kissed its partner too. 


"It's been way too long," Helen said in a husky whisper as she adjusted her feet slightly and pulled his buttcheeks even further apart. Kevin felt her flex his hips backward somewhat as she held him pinned against the wall, her cock pulling back from his insides. She continued with a smooth backward motion until her massive ridge started pulling against the muscles that locked her cock inside of him.

Kevin clenched his ass cheeks, not wanting her to pull out and Helen gasped as his tunnel pressed on her glans. She didn't need the conviction. Slowly and mercilessly, she plowed it back into him.

"Ohhh," they moaned in unison. Kevin's head rolled against the wall. Helen began to work up a steady rhythm as she fucked him slow and deep. She drove herself balls deep inside him every time and pulled until the massive head of her cock was halfway out, before shoving right in. The large knob rubbed luxuriously over Kevin's prostate. Less than a minute after she began, his cock was pulsing, and pre-cum oozed continuously onto her toned abs. She made love to him with slow determination, and not a little anger about the time that had passed. Every now and then she squeezed more soap onto the base of her cock and fed it to his hole with her next thrust.

"Oh, it's deep," Kevin hissed as he felt the tingling spread through his midsection all the way to the tip of his cock. His arms held tight on her shoulders and neck. His fingers sank into her skin with each thrust. Helen started to speed up, and Kevin's body bumped rhythmically against the shower wall as her body rose. Her long cock filled his tunnel as she pressed harder into him. His legs flexed further, and his folded thighs rubbed against her breasts each time she buried herself inside him.

"Oh, oh, oh," he moaned as he lost control over his body. The sensations centered on his throbbing prostate as Helen's massive cockhead tore across it. It started as a dull throb and then escalated to a mind-numbing wave of electricity. Helen drew back and then gripped him tightly as she slammed him fiercely against the shower wall, driving her long cock deep.

Kevin's first ejaculation sailed into the air and hit her chin. His second rope of cum painted the cleft between her beautiful breasts. Another white string sped up from the tip and pasted her abs with a silvery ribbon.

"Ahhhh." He gave one last satisfied sigh and watched her beautiful face that was contorted with effort and lust.

Helen's rhythm intensified. She was squeezing him hard against the wet wall now. She looked like a Valkyrie from the legends, the water streaming in rivulets down her golden hair, her wet muscles flexing again and again with her song of lust. She grunted and slammed into her lover.

Kevin clenched as her engorged knob began to shoot its precious load high up into his waiting guts. She continued to hammer into him, her ejaculating cock reaching the deepest point as she painted his inside with stream after stream of pent-up lust.

"Hmm." He purred and looked into her eye, loving the wild creature he saw there when she came.

At last, she gave a final thrust and stopped, her body pressing into his and her head pressed to his.

"I missed you so much, Kev."

"I missed you too."

She lowered him down and started soaping her body, but Kevin stopped her and took the soap off her hands. "It's your birthday. Let me do everything," he whispered. "I'll soap you like, like, I'm the best soap...man ever. You were never soaped like I'm about to right now. Yeah."

Helen nodded and put her head directly beneath the spraying nozzle while Kevin soaped his hands.

Ten minutes later there wasn't too much progress. Helen's phone started ringing, but they both ignored it.

"Hey, best soap man ever?"

"What?"

"I have other parts, too, Kev."

"I know."

"On the other hand, my boobs have never been so sparkly clean."

"I call them Mary-Kate and Ashley." Kevin kissed the scarred left breast.

"Like the Olsen twins?"

He kissed her right breast. "I wouldn't want Ashley to get jealous."

"Uh huh."

"Wanna know what I call your—"

"No!"

"'Kay." He finally started working on her back, and Helen sighed happily. Her muscles felt terrific as his kneading fingers spread the frothy lather all over her shoulders. Kevin worked on her back and down to her toned legs before going back up to her peach bottom. The one he liked so much. Kevin spread her ass cheeks and dragged his tongue along the cleft between them, just to laugh when she yelped. Her ass cheeks were deliciously firm, and he let his hands run in slow, soothing circles all over them. He rubbed the soft orbs slowly and then sank his fingers into her skin.

Helen clenched. There was an inviting heat coming from her crack, and Kevin let his hand slip inside. His soap-slicked fingers danced over the taut skin at the bottom of her crack and over her tight puckered hole. The tip of his thumb circled her starfish, listening to her sharp intake of breath each time he rubbed the pink opening.

His hand looped around her and pulled her body closer. She felt his hardness touching her leg and smiled. It always felt like a victory when he lusted for her. His wet hand went around her erect cock, and he gave it a squeeze, sending a shudder down her back.

Kevin's soapy fingers rubbed slowly around the velvety-smooth shaft. Touching Helen's cock made it swell immediately, and it continued to fill and stiffen. It was hot, and it heaved like an animal. A white tear of pre-cum materialized at the tip. Helen sighed, and the beast jumped in his hand. That was part of her too. Fuck all the haters. It made his heart swell when he made her grow and crave like that. Her hard erection caused him to spread his gripping fingers even further. The huge knob at the end got darker as more blood pulsed into it.

"I would like to dedicate my next song to the love of my life."

"Me? I'm the love of your life?"

"Happy..." He planted his lips between her shoulder blades and kissed her multiple times. "Birthday to you," he sang in a deep voice. His hand slowly squeezed its way down her cock.

"Happy..." his unoccupied finger trailed between her legs, swirled around her smooth sack, dipped inside her wet vagina, came out wet with soap and her juice. Then it traveled back to her ass. "Birthday to you." She gave a sharp intake as his soapy finger slipped inside her anal tunnel and wiggled.

"Happy birthday, Ms. Vice President." He pumped, his hand squeezing her cock as it slid up and down, emitting squishy sounds. His finger inside her tunnel joined the rhythm. Futanari had a fun button inside their ass, and he rubbed it gently. Kevin counted silently to fifty, and Helen exploded. Her engorged knob started to shoot its precious load high up into the air. Kevin aimed her cock at the shower wall. He tried to paint a white heart with an arrow running through it, but it came out more like a deformed smiley. Helen's legs shook so hard she had to sit down on the floor.

"Happy birthday to you." He kissed her beautiful golden crown and sat beside her. "Eat your heart out, Marilyn."

They shared a laugh, and Kevin hugged her tight, nuzzling her neck. He wrapped an arm around her shoulders and pulled her close, gently rubbing her arm. She pressed her forehead to his wet chest. Despite the heaviness in her stomach, it fluttered at the feeling of her body pressed against his. Kevin gave her warmth from within.

Her smartphone started ringing again.

"Someone's trying to get you," Kevin said.

"It can wait. Probably a survey or some bullshit."

He began soaping her again, going all over the places he'd neglected. After he was done, he rinsed off the soap and wrapped her in a big towel. For a few moments, she stood and enjoyed his touch as he rubbed her naked body. She tried to pretend that she was inside a perfect bubble, just like Slovenia. It didn't work—the dark clouds in her life kept bumping into her dome. Her phone started ringing again.

"Persistent nag. Probably someone who wants to wish you a happy birthday," Kevin said.

"How, how long can you stay?" she said in a quiet voice.

"Ehhh, two hours. We're safe for another two."

He was here with her, and it was amazing as always, but there was the tick of the clock hanging over it. She felt like crying again, so she told herself, Stop acting like a little girl! Crying would only ruin the precious little time she still had with him.

He kept kissing her and rubbing her body, but now it wasn't enough to chase the clouds away. Her smartphone started ringing again.

Kevin snorted. "Okay already. Coming. Jeez."

"What the—?" She heard him from the hallway.

"What's wrong?"

Kevin stepped back inside, frowning.

"What's wrong?"

"Funny shit. A Finn O'Brien was trying to reach you. My dad's name is Finn O'Brien. What are the odds?"

"Oh."

"Oh? Why did my father just call you, Helen?"

Her lower lip trembled. "What?"

"Why the hell did my father just call you, Helen?"

She hoped she didn't look as guilty as she felt. "I met with your father, a week ago."

His purple eyes lit up. She searched, but there was no kindness in them.

"I met your dad, Kevin."

"What the hell are you talking about?"

"He came over to meet me, and we sat down, and we had coffee, and we talked."

"Oh. That makes sense. So nice."

"Don't panic, Kev." She projected. She saw the flare of anger across his handsome face, and her breathing became more rapid and shallow as she felt little spiders crawl up her throat.

"What do you mean don't panic? Finn came here? Why? Did you ask him to come?"

"It was an accident. I didn't mean to."

"How the hell do you invite someone by accident? Did you accidentally find out his number, and then your fingers accidentally pressed the right digits?"

"I knew you'd get mad."

"Then why the hell did you do it?" He grabbed his clothes and stepped out of the shower. Helen ran after him to the living room. He didn't waste time drying himself and pulled on his pants and shirt, his movements fast, resolute.

"Your father asked to see me, Kev. He begged. Will you sit down for a sec, for a minute, and stop acting like you've just discovered that I'm an ISIS head chopper?"

There was a storm brewing under Kevin's stony expression. "What did you tell him?"

"He wanted to know what's really going on with you."

"What did you tell him, Helen?"

"Everything."

"Everything?"

"About Diana, and how I forced you to be with her. That I wish I could turn back time and choose differently. That I love you. "

"Why the hell did you have to tell him about Diana?"

"He asked. He has the right to know, Kev. It's unfair, the way you keep him in the dark. Will you sit down, for fuck's sake? It's hard enough for me as it is without you making me feel like you hate me now."

"You went behind my back." He raised his voice.

"I'm so sorry."

"That's a pattern with you. You fuck up, then you say you're sorry. I've sacrificed a hell of a lot to keep my dad safe from the truth. I've spent the last seven months as a boyfriend to your abusive sister just so I can keep him clueless, and you went and just spilled all the beans because you want us to be together, today."

"I'm so sorry."

"Yeah, me too." He turned around and started walking towards the door.

"You're going?"

"I need time to think. I need to figure out a way to do damage control."

"Everything is so easy for you, Kevin."

"Which part? The one where I have to fix everything for my dad, or the one where I need to fix what you've done?"

"You hold all the aces. That's so unfair."

"Aces? Me?"

"Yes, aces."

"Look at me straight and tell me that life dealt me aces, because it doesn't even feel like lemons, Helen. Lemons would have been nice."

"Aces, Kevin. I can't live without you, but you seem to be doing just fine without me."

"That's not true."

She nodded and sank her teeth in her lip, hoping the pain would stop the tears. "I get it. You're about to finish your degree. You've got a new exciting job. Good things are happening in your life."

"I'm so sorry that things are finally starting to look up for me."

"I'm not. But you said one year, and you didn't ask me—you've made the decision for both of us. And you could have said three or five years, and I would have said yes."

"Hey..." His voice became tender.

"My life is total crap right now. And you don't have any idea what's it been like for me for the past three weeks. I sit and wait for you to call, and I'm not even allowed to call you. And I put on a brave face because you told me to be a real Valkyrie." A single tear traveled down her scar, and a friend tear followed. They both hung from her chin for a moment before they fell. "Sometimes you manage to send me a text message. Sometimes you even sneak a phone call past Diana. And when you do, then I'm high, but when you don't, I cry myself to sleep. I try hard not to think about you with her."

"Hey..."

She made an honest effort to keep it down, but everything came tumbling down and dissolved into a whirlwind of salty emotions. The tap opened with her confession. "Sometimes I wish that we could go back to the time when we were just friends. At least we were together back then. So I sat down with your dad, it was a mistake. Yeah, I was hoping he'd ask for my help financially and that you'd be able to come to me. I'm so sorry that I love you so much I sometimes can't think things through."

Kevin stared at her tear-stricken face, shocked at the tiny amount of time it took him to understand. His mother always talked about kindness while she was cruel to his dad, the only person who loved her unconditionally. Kevin shuddered at the thought of following in her footsteps. Nobody likes to think himself a bastard, but for Kevin, the revelation was gut-wrenching.

"You hold all the aces, Kevin. If it's a game, then I've already lost. I never had a relationship before, but if this is how it feels, then...I've lost, Kevin, I came in behind Diana, behind everything. I came in last."

The winter snows raging inside him melted right away. He gently enveloped Helen in his arms and sat her down on the sofa. She sobbed into his chest, hands clutching his shirt. There was rawness to it, like the pain of an open wound. Kevin held her close, rocking her slowly, and kissing away her tears.

"I'm so sorry," he said over and over. "I'm so sorry."

–-

Kevin checked his watch. Two hours came and went, and he was still in the penthouse. They lay naked in her bed after they'd made love. Unlike their shower sex, their make-up sex was very long and very tender. It was an emotional release more than anything. Now her golden hair was spread on his chest, and she was munching on a slice of the Doberge cake.

"I can actually hear my bum getting bigger. Me and your cooking, Kev, we share a love-ate relationship."

"Happy birthday, baby."

"Thirty years ago I began sucking at human relationships. So exciting."

"Feeling better, love?"

She checked his watch. "Do you need to go now?" He nodded, and she wrapped him in a hug that was less loving and more of a WWE pinning type. "Let's see you try."

He kissed her top. "It's true what they say about makeup sex. It was really nice."

"Still, I don't want you to be angry with me, ever."

"Did you offer to cover my dad's debt when you met him?"

She reluctantly let go of Kevin's hands. "I wanted to, I almost did, but I was too scared of your reaction."

"Ouch. Am I that scary?"

"You're precious, and I'm scared of losing you."

"Let's...let's make it the last time something like that happens, okay? I'm not an asshole, Helen. Never have been. Hurts to hear you're scared of me."

She nodded. "It was strange. I thought your dad would be furious. I'm a futanari abomination who slept with his son, and he's a Bible Belt Baptist after all."

"He's nothing like that. I've almost never seen him go to church."

"He wasn't religious?"

Kevin remembered a moment from a long time ago. Pastor Roy Anderson, tall like the messenger of God out of the scriptures, looking down from his podium, smiling and confident. Below, his short, pale father, Finn O'Brien, perched on the edge of his stool like a frail puppet. Fists balled, looking up at the man who had everything, including the love of the woman Finn loved. There were more than anti-religious sentiments to his dad's aversion to the church.

"He wasn't mad about me being a futa, but he was mad as hell when I told him about what I've forced you to do, though he tried to tone it down. I asked his forgiveness several times, and he tried to be understanding. He's a good man, Kev."

His finger lazily trailed the perfect lines of her lips, and she took a mock bite. "I used to be so ashamed of him."

"What? Why?"

"People made fun of him because of my mom, because of a lot of things. He was an outsider. No one respected him, my mother least of all. Some of that just rubbed...I used to be ashamed of him. But he's a good man."

"He was just desperate to know what's really going on with you. He said that some years ago you hung out with the wrong type of people, and that opened a rift between you, and since then you two never really talk."

Kevin stiffened. "What exactly did he say?"

"That he was mad at you because you chose the wrong company against his counsel. But he doesn't even blame you for that; he blames himself for pushing you away."

"Did he say what kind of people they were?"

"No. Why?"

"Never mind."

"Huh?"

"Give me three weeks, Helen, okay?"

"What?"

He kissed her neck. "Three weeks to figure out a way to get the money, and if I can't, then I'll take the money from you. We'll do it properly. You'll give it to me as a loan. Can you hold on for three more weeks?"

She lifted her head off his chest. There was the hint of a smile on her rose-petal lips. "Are you serious?"

"Dead. Serious. I was a jerk. You gave me a solution, but I chose my stupid pride over you. I put you in last place when you should always be in first. My mother again, she used to say...Fuck. I can't blame every nasty choice I make on her. It was me. Three weeks, Helen, and during these three weeks I promise to call at least twice a day and to sneak out whenever I have a chance to."

"Why three?"

"I have an idea, plus in three weeks, my new work offers some nice vacation deals as perks for employees. And, well..." He reached out for his pants and took out an envelope.

"What's that?"

"Your present."

She picked up the note. "Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm going to the Bahamas, and so are you. Happy birthday, from the guy who loves you more than anything."

"Three days in the Bahamas in a four-star hotel, three weeks from now," he said. "All inclusive, just me and you. Cocktail glasses with little umbrellas, scuba diving, and you know what."

"Suddenly life doesn't suck anymore." She kissed his lips several times, then snuggled back into him. "Best birthday and best birthday gift ever. I'm going to take a nap. Wake me up in three weeks."

"What about Richardson and Williams? Did you fix things at work?"

She snorted. "Yeah, fixed the national debt too. I'm no smarter than I was three weeks ago. I've shared my suspicions with William, and you wanna know what he did? He went on a two week vacation. He has some real problems at home with his wife, and he needed the time off to sort them out."

"Yeah, I remember."

"It's like he gave up. Tomorrow there's the CEO's monthly meeting. Just the vice presidents and William are invited. We use it to discuss board strategies, new policies, new markets, but mainly to approve big projects. As things are looking right now, there's going to be a majority for Destiny Mall, which I feel is the single worst investment in Richardson and Williams' history."


"Vote against it."

Helen sighed. "I'm one out of seven, plus I will be going against the board of directors' wishes."

"Doesn't William have the final say? He really values your opinion."

"He's apathetic, and I don't think he'll go against the board. We had a huge fight about it on Thursday. I said things that I shouldn't have."

"Ouch."

"Yeah, ouch. We've never done that before. I'm too ashamed to approach William right now, plus I still don't really know what's going on."

"Then pull your weight on the other directors and vice presidents."

"I used to have a say. But four directors decided to quit this year, and I don't have the same influence with the new bunch. I tried talking with Alan Mason—he's our new CFO. He said he's too green to make a decision and that he'll vote with the majority. Spineless idiot."

"Baby," He rubbed her cheek. "I'm not trying to suck the wind out of your sails, but you're not exactly Nelson Mandela when it comes to negotiations and influencing people. Maybe try a different approach with the guy?"

"A waste of time. He's a total tool. Anyone who's been working with him says the man is not fit to be an accountant for a piggy bank, never mind a CFO for a company with a market value of seven billion dollars."

"If he's so incompetent, then why the hell did you hire him in the first place?"

"The board kept shooting down every nominee William offered. Alan Mason was the only one they somehow accepted, and the company desperately needed a new CFO."

"The board of directors shot down your nominees?"

"It's part of their job to approve applicants for any major position."

"You mean the board that has Suzan Owens sitting on it? The lady you said was a legit businesswoman, but I know she's somehow connected to organized crime?"

Helen rose up on her haunches. "Jesus, Kev."

"Huh?"

She jumped out of bed. "I think you're onto something big here."

–-

Life seemed orderly in suburbia; there was none of the city chaos. Grass grew to even length in each yard, the same boring car models sat in the garages, and it appeared as if the same people lived in the small houses. Helen felt like a detective in a black and white movie as she surveyed the yard from the street corner. Richardson and Williams' former CFO trimmed the yew bushes of her live fence. Helen regretted not calling first, but then again, if something foul was afoot, Sarah Flores Dragoumis might have refused to talk.

Helen checked with a board member with whom she was more or less in good relations. Suzan Owens' name kept coming up regarding the new CFO and other hiring decisions. She was behind shooting down every nominee William had offered.

Helen was pondering her options for approaching her former colleague when the elder woman noticed her and waved enthusiastically. So much for detective discretion.

"Oh my God, Helen, what are you doing here?" Sarah was a slightly heavy bulldog of a woman in her early sixties. She'd been with William since the founding of the company until she resigned unexpectedly a few months ago.

"I was just passing by, and I thought as long as I'm here I might drop by and say hi."

"Come in, come on in, dear. What a delightful surprise. So nice of you, Helen—you should have called, and I would have made us dinner."

Helen could never tell if Sarah's enthusiasm was genuine or entirely faked. As colleagues, they were never close, but Helen always admired Sarah's uncompromising professionalism and hoped that the former CFO felt something similar towards her.

The house's interior was clean, tidy, and freshly painted. The walls and cabinets were brimming with brightly colored ornaments Sarah had brought with her from her travels to the Far East.

"A special set for a special guest." The elder woman brought honey-cakes and tea to the table in a silver tea set, engraved with eastern dragons.

Helen felt special for a moment, then she looked around. The house's tidiness was the lonely kind of tidiness, and Helen, who lived alone, could recognize it for what it was. Tidiness that is the result of no one being there to make a mess. The former CFO lost her husband years ago to cancer, and she had a single son who lived upstate.

"Lots of saints." Helen felt she should comment on the unique décor. The kitchen's walls were decorated by glum-looking, bearded, medieval men wearing robes and holding scriptures and crosses.

"My husband and I belonged to the Greek Orthodox Church. Do you like them?"

"Isn't the Greek Orthodox Church the one that claims futanari have no eternal soul?"

"Claimed. Past tense. The church renounced it twenty years ago. They now even accept futanari women as members."

"Good to know." Helen took a sip of tea.

"Well, can't say that I blame you for the cynicism."

Helen forced a smile. Her mother had been murdered by religious fanatics, and her only crime was marching in a gay rights parade in Phoenix. Helen wasn't too fond of any religious institutions.

"But times are changing, Helen. I work these days as an accountant for the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America. There is still a long way to go, but I can sincerely attest that we are changing."

"I thought you quit Richardson and Williams to work for another real estate firm. I mean you were—"

"I offer my services as an accountant for the church for free, Helen. I don't work these days. I've retired."

"Oh."

"This isn't really a courtesy visit, is it, dear?"

Helen coughed to mask her embarrassment and to buy time to think of something to say. Sarah had a sharp mind and a sharp tongue. Her sweet grandmotherly act was misleading.

"Did William send you?"

Helen shook her head.

"Why now?"

"Things are happening... You resigned unexpectedly a few months ago. In itself, that's not so odd, but in a short period our operations officer, HR manager, and the legal team manager chose to leave, along with several other high-ranking employees. William was certain at the time that someone was headhunting his people. It didn't make sense because the market was crap. Still is. I, I...this morning it occurred to me that we might have overlooked something."

"Ask the question, Helen."

"Why did you really leave Richardson and Williams?"

The elder lady sighed and refilled her cup with tea. "I guess it doesn't matter now."

"What?"

Sarah took the tray to the sink and returned with a framed photograph she'd taken off the wall. It showed three people smiling in front of a church. "That's my husband and me, and that's our son, Nicholas."

"He's very handsome."

"Too handsome for his own good." Sarah's smile was sad. "Not the best son a mother could wish for. He remembers to call his mom maybe twice a year and usually when he's asking for money. But he is my son. My only son and I haven't lost hope that he will bring me a grandchild one of these days, amen."

Helen smiled.

"Five months ago, he was arrested in Mexico."

"Why?"

The old woman sighed. "I can't tell you what he did."

"You don't know?"

"It's hard enough admitting to myself what he did, Helen. Don't make me say it out loud."

Helen nodded because she thought this might be the appropriate gesture, then blushed because she thought it was stupid to nod. Helen wasn't half as terrible with people as she thought she was, but she was always overthinking and second-guessing herself. It made for awkward moments.

"Maybe we spoiled him too much. I don't know why he chose this path." Sarah caressed the photograph. "I was desperate. I hired the best attorney, but he said the least my son could expect was twelve years in a Mexican prison. Then someone approached me and offered me a way out."

"Someone? That someone by sweet chance wouldn't be Suzan Owens?"

Sarah looked genuinely surprised. "Suzan? From the board of directors Suzan? No."

"Then who?"

"We only met once in person. A tall lady, a futanari. She called herself Brigitte." Sarah shrugged. "But you can never know with this kind of people; it was probably not her real name. She said that they could make sure that all the testimonies and evidence the Mexican police had against my son would go missing. That he could be out of the Mexican prison in a week. All I had to do was..."

"Resign? You're saying someone blackmailed you to quit?"

"He's my only son, Helen. These people, whoever they were, kept their side of the bargain."

"And Richardson and Williams hired a dummy in your stead. Except, he's not really an idiot. He's these people's lackey. Someone has been replacing Richardson and Williams' top management. All is left to find out is who and to what end."

Sarah sighed.

"You know, don't you?"

"I have my suspicions. Anything out of the ordinary in the office lately?"

"I'm not sure if it's even related." Helen took a bite of the cake. It was terrible. She thought of Kevin's cake that waited for her back home. "I've found a lot of bogus receipts for big data analysis reports that we've never received. The retailer is a business intelligence company called ElasticDatica"

"Did you ever check if ElasticDatica is even a real company?"

"What do you mean like a...like a straw company?" Helen said.

Sarah nodded.

"Why would Marianne order an analysis report from a straw company...?" Helen stared at Sarah for a few seconds. Then she remembered her conversation with Kevin this morning, and something clicked. She slapped her forehead. "I thought that Suzan was trying to buy us or trying to use us to support a failed investment. But I was thinking like a businesswoman. It's so much simpler."

Sarah nodded again.

"It's, it's a heist. It's a fucking heist. Jesus, I was thinking along the lines of a hostile takeover. Kevin was right. They're not businessmen, they're gangsters. It all makes perfect sense now."

"They're not into investing, they're into stealing."

"Exactly! How do you steal a seven-billion-dollar company? You can't charge through the door with guns blazing." Her heart was racing both with the elation of the discovery but also because it jarred her fear of changes. "You place your own people in key positions like the board of directors or the CFO, and you invest the company's money in bullshit companies, paying for fake work." Helen slapped her forehead again then jumped to her feet and started pacing the room. "Jesus, Destiny Mall, it's not a Ponzi scheme. It's not even a real thing—no wonder the city council didn't even approve the development plan. I bet there is no plan. It's a robbery. We're never going to see a dime of that investment. They're robbing us blind! 740 million dollars. Oh my God, Sarah, this is huge! We've got to go to the police."

"We?"

"With your testimony, we can stop them."

The former CFO rose and placed the photo back in its place on the wall. "Brigitte told me that if I even dreamt of going to the police, they would make sure I never see my son again."

"What are you saying?"

"If you go to the police, I'll deny we even talked. He's my only son, Helen."

"But..."

"Helen, these people are powerful and ruthless. They're very good at what they do. I'm pretty sure my son's arrest was no coincidence. They arranged it somehow. You can't fight them; they'll find a way to get to you. Maybe not directly but through someone you hold dear."

Helen immediately thought of Kevin. She was willing to shoot anyone who might harbor a thought of hurting him. She didn't care if it was the entire Colombian drug cartel. Then her eyes became round. "Jesus, they already did. Diana."

"Your little sister?"

"They have her under their thumb."

Sarah nodded, and Helen felt the oxygen leaving her body. She sat down. "Jesus Christ. What should I do?"

"You can quit."

"What?"

"You're young. You have an excellent rep. Any real estate company would hire you."

"Bail out of the sinking ship?"

"You can't fight these people, Helen."

"And leave William, just like that?" Helen's smartphone chimed for an incoming message.

"I can't tell you what to do. Whatever you choose, please be careful."

On her way home Helen weighed her options. Jumping ship wasn't one of them. She didn't live in a third world country; she lived in the USA. Gangsters didn't own the law enforcement institutions, and no criminal would be able to just dance in and steal her company now that she knew what was happening. No way.

She remembered she had a message waiting and checked her phone. The message came from an unknown number.

"Hi, babe, it's me. I've got free time tomorrow after the lecture. I've booked us a room at the Comfort Inn near Lincoln Park, the one next to the university. I'll be waiting in room Number 53 at 2:30 p.m. See you there. Love, Kevin."

Kevin must have gotten his hands on a new phone. He was keeping true to his promise to try and meet her as much as he could. Her heart soared again. Then she remembered the CEO meeting at four thirty. Sadly it would be a quickie, but she'd make it one they'd remember.

She texted, "You can bet your sweet li'l thang that I'll be there." She then texted four red hearts just to make it less sleazy.

–-

Sunday night, the club was jumping, and Kevin's heart danced along with the electrical beat. He couldn't remember a time when he'd been so happy. He was in love with a beautiful, smart, and successful woman, and for the first time in his life, that love was reciprocal. Helen was crazy about him. The burden he'd carried for two years, supporting his father, was suddenly off his shoulders. He was still going to help his dad get back onto his feet, but there was no longer a sword hanging above his neck.

He skipped up the stairs, two at a time on his way to Diana's office. He breathed in deeply the stuffy, smoky air of the club, and it tasted like freedom.

A blond guy in an ugly black suit who looked like he'd just taken a shower collided with Kevin on his way down. They both fell backward, but Kevin was the first to get up and apologize. He offered the young man his hand. To his surprise, the guy rose stiffly, ignoring the offered help and gave Kevin a hostile scan.

"You're Kevin," he said. For some reason, his tone sounded accusing.

"The one and only," Kevin smiled and offered his hand. "I'm sorry, I wasn't looking. We've met?"

"No." The man ignored the offered hand again and stiffly went down the stairs. Kevin stared at his back for a second and then shrugged. "Wow," he said to a tiny brunette with a slick ponytail who watched the whole incident from the upper landing. "Some people should be required by law to carry a vodka flask at all times so they can offer a sip to the poor sods who need to deal with them."

She laughed. "Yeah. A major douche. That's the FB-fucking-l for ya."

"For real?"

"Ya."

"FBI? What's he doing in here?"

"The boss. Well, she's doing him, but you get what I mean."

"More than you care to know." Kevin rubbed his own ass.

"You're Calvin, the new bartender?"

"I'm Kevin, the old boyfriend. The boss' future ex."

Her mouth twisted to a big O. "I'm... Shit! I didn't mean—"

"That's okay." He checked her nametag. "Janine. We have an open relationship, Diana and I. She can fuck whomever she wants, and I can fuck off as far as she's concerned...well, as long as I don't look at other women, that is."

"Oh."

"Where is my delicate princess? In her office?"

"I wouldn't go there." She tried to block his way.

"I wonder why." He quickly sidestepped her and opened the door to Diana's office. His girlfriend was slouched on her manager's chair, her skirt was up, and her legs were spread on the chair's arms. Ethan kneeled between her thighs and was slurping happily on her butthole.

"Hi, honey." Kevin beamed.

Diana didn't even have the decency to look guilty. Ethan heard the door slam and immediately got up and wiped his mouth.

"What are you doing here, babe?" she said.

"I got myself thinking. I told Helen, 'three weeks.'"

"I thought I told you, you're not allowed to call Helen anymore?"

"I thought we abolished slavery in the nineteenth century?"

"Look, baby," she straightened her skirt. "Don't—"

"Didn't she just fuck an FBI agent, Ethan? Just saying, she's been around. You better get your ass to a clinic and get yourself tested for like, well, everything, man. Anyway, I asked myself, who am I kidding? No way I can come up with so much money in three weeks, so why wait?"

"Wait for what?"

"So, without further ado, Princess Di..." Kevin bowed theatrically. "Roses are red violets are blue, I am single again, and so are you."

"What the fuck?"

"Eenie meanie miny mo, you ain't nothing but a hoe, you can bite me just so you know, eenie meanie miny mo."

"Watch it!"

"I left the keys on the bookshelf near the bed. Have a nice...fuck that, you're a terrible person. Can't think of a single nice thing to say."

"You're leaving me?"

"Welcome to Dumpsville, Diana. Population, you."

"Deluded much, Kev?"

"Knock, knock. Who's there? Single. Single who? Single you."

"You forget something, baby butt."

"Don't bother to use my dad's promissory note. Helen will pay it if you plan on using it to get back at me, which I know you do, since you're a failure as a human being."

Diana snarled like an enraged Tyrannosaurus Rex and was on him in a second. She was shocked when her stomach met the flat sole of his shoe, and her cute ass met with the floor half a second later.

"Not tonight, baby." He shook his head. "Not tonight."

She was on her feet in a flash. Diana was a head taller and much stronger. Kevin had speed, the Krav Maga skills Helen had practiced with him, life had taught him how to take a beating, and he had seven months of pent-up abuse at the hands of this woman.

Two minutes later she had a swollen lip, and she was on her aching ass, again, breathing hard and snarling. Kevin was still on his feet. He had a swollen eye, but he was smiling.

"God, that felt good, Diana. He rubbed his lip where she'd once punched his teeth out. How does it feel when the shoe is on the other foot that goes into your ass?"

"Are you just going to stand there?" she screamed at Ethan.

Her assistant raised his hands. "What do you want me to do?"

"It's not over, Kev. It's only over when I say it is."

"Seek therapy, babe." He flipped her and Ethan the bird and took off into the night.

Mike was waiting for him outside the club, leaning against his ancient rusty Ford. The trunk was open to accommodate all of Kevin's stuff they'd both dragged earlier from Diana's apartment. Kevin's entire life could fit inside the back of a Ford.

Mike was in the process flexing his skills on a couple of Dominican hotties who waited in the line to the club. He was doing pretty well, by the look of it, with his easy-going confidence.

"So, I'm not saying that the moon landing is a conspiracy." Mike rolled a J as if he were Bob Marley's son. "But Armstrong lied about the drugs and the Tour de France, so who can say that he didn't lie about the first step on the moon too? Woah, Kev." He whistled when he saw Kevin's swollen, half-closed eye. "The bitch didn't take it so well?"

Kevin jumped over the door and into the front seat. He wasn't showing off to the giggling girls; the Ford's door had been jammed since Mike bought the car. "Freedom!" he growled.

"Sorry ladies, gotta go. My homie here just gave his main chick the 'let's just be friends' talk. As you can see, he's devastated."

Kevin stood up on the seat and spread his arms, fists pointing up to the sky.

"F-r-e-e-d-o-m!" he screamed at the top of his lungs.

"You don't look like Mel Gibson with your arms spread like that. More like what's his face from Titanic, which has a way better ending than Braveheart, by the way, because once the Titanic went under, the girl said she loves him, and he figured he's better off drowning." 



"Mike."

"What?"

"I love you, man."

"And you didn't even puff on the J yet."

"I love my life."

Mike ruffled his famous dreadlocks. "Maybe we should put some ice on your eye?"

"I love ice. I love your car. I love the city. I love everyone."

"Just say no to drugs, Kev."

"I love drugs."

"Who doesn't?"

"I love Helen. More than anything."

"For real?"

"Drive!"

––

Helen checked her watch; it was 2:35. Kevin was running late. She tried to control her erratic breathing. It was partly because she was excited to see Kevin's reaction when he saw her, and somewhat because the air conditioning smelled like a hobo's breath. She didn't like the cheap room Kevin had picked for them, but she couldn't hold that against him. For someone who was low on cash, he was making his best effort to please her. She'd rent a Hilton luxury suite next time. Not that it mattered. In three weeks they were going to be together and hiding would be a thing of the past.

She shut off the air-conditioning unit and tried to open a window. It was either jammed or was never meant to be opened in the first place. Crap. The room was stuffy.

She stood for the hundredth time in front of the mirror in the small hotel room, blushing but happy with the overall result. It took her half an hour this morning to build up the courage and enter Victoria's Secret. Then it took her just as much time to gather up courage and try something on.

Surprisingly, the young shop assistant was charmingly understanding. She gently pointed out that Helen's color pick was unsuitable for her golden locks. She offered several alternatives and gave her frank opinion when Helen tried them on. At last, Helen decided on a silver baby doll that looked like it was woven from a mesh of satins and gave the false impression of being transparent. It opened up in the front, concealed all her scars and accentuated every asset she had. It looked classy, rather than sleazy, except for the obscene price tag.

"Wow, I hope there's an ER near his place because I wouldn't be surprised if your boyfriend has a heart attack." The shop assistant gave a genuinely enthusiastic nod.

"I'm pretty sure it won't come to that. I just want Kevin to like what he sees."

"Like? You'll have to restrain him, or he'll try to jump you."

Helen smiled. She liked the idea of Kevin jumping her. Sadly, he was taking his time. She hoped she'd have time before the CEO meeting to brief William about her findings. Now it looked like there wouldn't be any time at all. She called, but William didn't pick up. Maybe he was still mad at her? She text messaged him her suspicions instead, giving a brief description of what she'd discovered yesterday, naming some of the people she was sure were part of the conspiracy. At least he'd have a clue when she dropped the bomb during the CEO meeting.

The air was so stuffy inside the room, she felt dizzy and had to lie down on the bed. She looked at her smartphone screen, waiting for a call from Kevin, and her vision couldn't fix on the digits. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath.

Ten minutes later there was a knock on the door.

When no one answered, a tall figure entered the room. It wore a dark leather jacket, its face was covered by a gas mask, and it carried a heavy briefcase. The figure strode over to the bed and checked Helen's pulse, then pulled out a needle, searched for a vein and injected the contents of a syringe. With slow deliberate movements, it detached the air-conditioning unit's grille, then pulled out a chloroform canister, corked it, and placed it inside its bag.

At last, the figure went to the window and unscrewed it off its hinges. Only then did Brigitte feel comfortable enough to take off her gas mask and call Nadine.

"It's done," she said.

"How much time?"

"Dunno. She's a tough bitch, but she'll be out for at least four hours. She's not going to any meeting."

"Good."

"About that other thing." Brigitte looked at Helen's sleeping form. The poor girl even wore sexy lingerie for her rendezvous. "Are you sure about it?"

"What do you mean?"

"Feels disrespectful, that's all."

"What the fuck, Brie?"

"She's a marine."

"An ex-marine."

"No such thing as ex-marine. It's for life." Brigitte rubbed her 'eagle perched on the globe' tattoo. She'd served with the Delta Force before she was dishonorably discharged, but she'd begun her military career with the 'Born Again Hard.' "Someone who wasn't on the inside would never get it," she said. "Feels like a betrayal."

"Whatever. Just do it."

"Dima!" Brigitte growled.

A slim young man with blond spikes in his early twenties hesitantly hobbled into the room. He kept pinching his nose shut, and he breathed through the T-shirt that he pulled to cover his mouth.

"Give your shirt a rest, dummy. It's safe." Brigitte hung the 'Do not disturb' sign on the handle and slammed the door shut.

"Is she died?" Dima nodded towards Helen.

"Is she died? You've been in this country for a year and a half. Govorit' angliyskom, pidaras. Speak fucking English. No, she's not died. She's just slepted."

"I take clothes off?"

"There must be a town in Ukraine called RetardsVille where Nadine gets all you guys from."

Dima took off his shirt, pants, and underwear quickly. An angry Brigitte sounded like a calm Brigitte. She never raised her voice or changed her tone. It was far more terrifying than the explosive kind of anger Nadine projected.

"What you want me to do?"

"See that window. Climb. Then head dive."

"Huh?"

"Do what you always do when you're with a futa client, stupid."

The slim young man jumped on the bed and stroked Helen's baby doll. "Very nice." He untied the laces, careful not to rip the beautiful material. "Wow, wow, what happen to her?" he said when Helen's body and scars were revealed.

"None of your fucking business."

Dima shrugged. As a lace boy, he had no say about his clients, and it wasn't like he had an alternative. Back home, his stepdad used to visit his bed several times a week when his mother was working. Now he was at least getting paid for the abuse. He reached out for Helen's cock and without ceremony, rubbed it against his lips.

"Like that is good?" he said.

"Sure. Whatever." Brigitte pulled out a camera from her briefcase.

–-

"Why is it beeping like that?" The Zeta Tau Alpha fraternity house had a small kitchen with an ancient-looking oven that was currently doing an imitation of a fire alarm. Kevin searched for the button that would make it stop, and when he failed to find it he simply pulled the plug off. He then extracted the batch of five baked mini apple pies.

"That thing had a heart attack." Mike reached for a pie, and Kevin slapped his wrist with the spatula. "The most sophisticated shit it ever baked was toast. It's like 'what are those things you've put inside me, Kev? That's crazy shit.'" He reached for a pie again and got the same spatula treatment.

"They're for Helen. Mini apple pies are her favorite thing after me."

"What? Is she like gonna eat all of them?"

"Eventually."

"Fuck off!" Mike picked up one pie. "This one wants some love from the Mike." He fished out a Meizu M5 from his pocket. "Got you a new phone from that guy I told you about, Bernie. $53."

"Is it hot?"

"No, stupid, it's an ancient Meizu. It's cheap."

"Cool." Kevin inserted the SIM card from the phone Diana had smashed into the new smartphone and fired it up. "Helen's gonna be so over the moon when she sees me."

"Helen doesn't know you're coming today?"

"I didn't even tell her I broke up with Diana yet."

"A surprise?"

"She'll come home tonight, unsuspecting, and I'll be in the kitchen, cool like and all. And she's gonna ask what I'm doing there. And I'll be like 'where else would I be?' Then I'm gonna give her an apple pie." Kevin slapped Mike's hand, which was reaching for another pie.

"You know, Kev, you're doing it backward."

"What?"

"Relationships."

"Uh huh."

"Listen to your older brother from another mother. You're spoiling that girl and building up expectations. With the biatches, you got to play it smart, bro. Me, I lower their expectations to a bare minimum, and then I stun them with mediocrity. It's sure— Hey, dude, what's wrong?" Mike said when he saw the blood draining from Kevin's face.

Kevin stared, blinking stupidly at the photograph sent to him by an unknown number. He closed his eyes, hard, opened them, the pornographic image was still there. Dima, smiling at the camera, was holding Helen's most private parts and licking her stomach. Her fingers were interlaced in Dima's blond spikes, which was something she loved doing during sex.

Hands shaking Kevin rolled to the next message that contained another photo. Just as obscene as the first, just as cruel.

"What's wrong?"

Kevin shook his head, too numb to speak.

"Are you watching porn?"

"That's Helen."

"What the fuck? Are you sure?"

Her head was out of frame, but there was no mistaking her scars. He knew each one by heart.

"Son of a bitch!" Mike said. "Who is that?"

"A lace boy. I saw him once at Nadine's."

"Who is Nadine, and what's a lace boy?"

"A prostitute," Kevin whispered and sat down, the floor didn't feel too stable.

"Bitch!"

"Nadine told me that Helen pays for her escort service regularly. I figured she was just trying to trash her. I was certain Helen was too innocent to even consider something like that, but apparently between Helen and me, I'm the gullible one."

"Hey," Mike placed his hand on Kevin's shaking shoulder. "Dude."

"Why?"

"It happens. Sometimes people do shit things like that. Being cheated on is part of life."

"I love her, Mike."

"I know," Mike said tenderly.

"She told me I was her first and only one. This is so..." Kevin swiped to the next message, then back to the previous. "Maybe she wanted to get back at me because of Diana? But, but she knows that I had to..."

"It's unfair, I know dude. But you know what? If she is like that, then she's not worth the heartache."

"I love her. She's like no one I've ever met before." Kevin swiped the messages again, and Mike pulled the smartphone out of his hands.

"Stop looking at it, Kev, you're only hurting yourself."

"What the hell am I going to do?" He buried his face in his hands. Nothing made sense anymore.

Mike went on his hands and knees behind one of the cupboards. "I know nothing I'll say matters right now. Been there, bro. Ginger, do you remember Ginger? I was so into her, I thought I'd found the woman of my dreams. But then she turned out to be a bitch. I mean, the way she used you, and she called me a loser to my face. What a bitch." Mike grunted as he pushed the cupboard off the wall. "I don't have something smart to contribute. All I can say is that I've checked the statistics, and you might not believe me right now, but this too shall pass."

"How could she, Mike? I thought she was..."

Mike pulled out a silvery bottle from a hidden stash behind the cupboard, then poured the contents into a plastic cup. "Try to look at the glass half-full."

"How? She's my everything. What's in my fucking half-full glass?"

"Currently, whiskey." Mike offered him the cup. "It's gonna dull the pain for a few hours."

–-

On the same afternoon that Kevin had his dreams shattered, William Richardson almost saw his own dream, the one he had built from scratch, stolen.

The co-founder and owner of Richardson and Williams went through several stages that day. At first, he was furious with Helen, who didn't show up to the CEO meeting. Then, after the meeting, he opened her message. He stared at it for a full ten minutes, reading it again and again. Has his brightest star and protégée gone mad?

There was a simple way to verify if there was truth to Helen's suspicions about a straw company. ElasticDatica's headquarters, the so-called big data analysis company, sat near the Oracle building in Redwood City. William discreetly contacted a Californian associate to check on the address. He got the answer in less than an hour. ElasticDatica's official headquarters' address and the nice building shown on their website's front page were bogus. It was a noodle-shop, not a high-tech office. The company only existed on paper.

William's next stage was bewilderment. Could Helen be right? Could it be that while he was sleepwalking, trying to save his failed marriage, someone was stealing his company under his nose?

Bewilderment was soon followed by a hound-dog stage. William was a man of action. He sat at his desktop computer and sniffed through reports, receipts, and old emails.

Helen was not only right, but the situation was worse than she described. Helen was only aware of analysis projects that were sent to sub-contractors. When he found more fake receipts, he called his local operations manager.

"Hi, Dan. I've just sent you an email and attached some strange receipts for a cleaning service called G&G."

"Strange how?"

"It's for our office on 5705 Bertrand Ave. Receipts for a daily maintenance and floor polishing, from May till October."

"And what's strange about it?"

"Our office on Bertrand Ave has been shut for over a year, Dan. The building is locked, waiting to be demolished."

"What?"

"Who issued the order for G&G?"

"Let me check." Dan went quiet for a while. "Helen Brion, sir."

"That makes no sense."

"I've got the order in front of me, sir."

"What business does a senior analyst have ordering a cleaning service?"

"It happens. Since you need a VP's signature for any order, maybe the guy who needed it went to her. Maybe Bob wasn't available. It's not uncommon."

"It's uncommon to pay maintenance for an office that no one uses."

"I'll have to check on that tomorrow."

"As soon as you know anything, call me back, Dan."

William searched the internet for G&G. The cleaning company's website was a replica of ElasticDatica's website. The same sloppy, hand-tailored user interface, and even the same office building photo. Another straw company.

Stage four was cold fury. He called Helen several times, and when he didn't get a response, he went straight to stage five. Seriously worrying. Helen had said they were dealing with gangsters, and she had never before missed a CEO meeting. Maybe these people got to her?

At seven thirty, he was still at his desk. He called Helen again, with the same results. William decided to call the police when the door to his office opened with a bang. He didn't know the full extent of the conspiracy, but he had a few names to start the investigation with. The one name at the center of it all stood on his doorway.

"What are you playing with, William?"

"Good evening to you too, Suzan." William's nostrils flared. He was aware enough to take a deep breath. "There's a board meeting tonight?"

"Cute." Suzan crossed the room. The elder futanari was six feet four; walking on high heels, her head brushed the doorway's top.

"It's funny," he said.

"Should I laugh now?"

"Most of the people on the board are happy to miss the monthly board meeting. Yet each time I take a peek out of my office, these days, I see you, Suzan."

"Don't get your feathers ruffled about it, pumpkin."

"You're here all the time. Maybe I should offer you a job? You wouldn't mind starting at the bottom, now would you?"

She sat down on the chair opposite his. "Keep running that mouth of yours."

"Or?"

"I reckon your mom didn't teach you how to speak to a lady?"

"How about talking to a thief?"

Not a muscle moved on Suzan's face.

William unsheathed his Ka-Bar, his Marine combat knife, and used it to open an envelope resting on his desk. "I was going to send this to you, but since you're here I might as well..."

"What's that?"

"Your resignation letter, Suzan. All you need to do is sign below. I want to make it as quick and as quiet as possible."

"Why did you call an emergency CEO meeting tomorrow morning, William?"

"Strange that you already know about the meeting, when you were not on my mailing list."

"And why the hell is the meeting titled 'Cancellation of Destiny Mall project'?"

"It's kind of self-explanatory."

Suzan sighed. "Marianne already signed the addendum with the legal team."

"Marianne won't be managing Destiny Mall anymore. In fact," William pulled out a stack of envelopes from his drawer and placed them on the table, "in fact, she won't be managing anything for Richardson and Williams."

"What's that?"

"That's her letter of dismissal, effective immediately. Hers, and Alan Mason's and any other poisonous snakes you've planted in my firm. I'll eventually uproot them all. Too bad I can't fire you. But don't you worry. Once the board hears the truth, you'll get what's coming."

"Is that so?"

William slammed his fist on the table. "You thought you can just dance in here and steal my firm?"

"Yours, William?" Suzan didn't flinch. "From what I've heard, this was your in-laws' business. You married into it, and your wife owns most of the shares."

"That's your idea of an insult, Suzan? Try again. Maybe you should call Marianne for help first?"

"Rip up the envelopes and cancel the meeting."

He stared at her, for a second shocked, and then started laughing.

"Or there will be consequences."

"Did I ever tell you the story behind my Ka-Bar combat knife? Why I'm so attached to it? Probably not. I rarely tell this one. It's my original service knife."

"Do tell. Don't mind me yawning, I always do that when I'm interested."

William snorted. "During the liberation of Kuwait in '91, I was with the force that secured the international airport. After the navy pounded the terminal, we were sent to secure what was left of the buildings. I found myself in an open hangar, alone, when out of nowhere jumps this soldier who looked like the Iraqi version of Dwayne 'the Rock' Johnson. He jumped me from the back, strangling me, and I didn't have time to reach for my rifle. Nine people out of ten would panic in a situation like this. Me, I pulled out this baby." William spun his knife around his finger, then caught it with his left hand. "Only one man came out of that hangar alive that day."

"Fascinating." She placed the back of her manicured hand over her mouth and yawned.

"Did you get the moral of the story?"

"Don't bring a knife to a gunfight?" She opened up her purse and for a second William was certain she was going to pull out a gun, but instead, she took out a stack of photos, which she carefully placed, each one next to the other on the table. "Recognize the brave marine major in latex?"

The photos were taken inside Sin's basement, and William was the star of the photoshoot. In one picture he was sucking the Asian futanari's cock while she forced him to sniff her wet undies. In another, he was getting the pounding of a lifetime, by the look on his face. In another, he was ball gagged and spanked. An exhibition of humiliation and degradation.

"This one is my favorite." Suzan pointed at a photo showing William crawling on all fours, women's undies rolled down to his knees and a dildo sticking out of his bum. Sin led him by a leash attached to a dog collar around his neck. "There are some videos too. Want me to show you?"

"I, ah..." He choked, for once lost for words. A real gun would have been kinder.

"So you see, dear. You will rip up the envelopes; nobody is getting fired."

Hate.

"Cancel the meeting."

Hate boiled from deep down where his darkest fears and desires lived in a house made of human skulls.

"Unless you want Carmela to get these."

Hate colored something deep inside him and painted the surface. His hand clutched the Ka-Bar's blade so hard it cut through the skin. A single red drop ran along the cold metal and spattered on one of the photos. 



"It's a lose-lose situation for you, William. Now you need to decide which is worse. You can be a good boy and ride the storm with us. Or you can be a stubborn baby. Once Carmela divorces you, as the biggest share owner, she'll fire you. You will lose the company and the comfortable life you've made for yourself. Not to mention, once these go public..."

She saw the desperate look on his face and smiled when she thought she'd won. Then it turned into a snarl, and William rose to his feet.

"Get out!"

"What?"

"Get the fuck out of my office, you devil!" he growled.

"You're making a grave mistake."

He moved around the table and grabbed her collar, pulling her out of the chair. "Get the fuck out!"

Suzan Owens wasn't used to physical confrontations. In fact, she refrained from human touch, specifically male touch, with an almost religious zeal. She reacted violently and pushed him back. He grabbed her wrist and tried to pull her out of the chair, and she grabbed his other wrist and pushed him hard. It is a well-known fact that the futa gene by nature suppresses the natural muscle growth inhibitor. Most futanari are much stronger than the average male, and Suzan Owens was no exception. They faced each other, snarling, then she twisted his arms, folding them into his body, pushing him back.

William made a surprised "Ow!" as he hit the wall. His eyes rounded, and he and Suzan stared shocked at the Ka-Bar sticking out from his chest.

"What the fuck?" he mumbled, and a second later, he collapsed on his office floor.

–-

Helen woke up wondering who'd let the midget drummer inside her skull.

She didn't understand why she'd fallen asleep and how come Kevin stood her up without even a phone call. She didn't have much time to wonder because she saw William's angry messages, and she grabbed her aching head when she realized she had missed the CEO meeting.

She called and texted William. Nothing. She called the number Kevin had used yesterday to send her the message; the phone was off the grid.

Helen was out of the hotel in two minutes, and for the first time in her life didn't drive like a geriatric snail. She reached the office at 8:30 p.m. hoping to catch William there when she received a call.

"Diana?"

"Where is Kevin?" Her little sister's voice sounded strange as if she was holding a sob.

"What?"

"He's there with you?"

"I'm at the office, Diana."

"Where is Kevin?" Diana raised her voice.

"I thought he was with you." Helen blushed. She was the other woman, and even though Diana didn't deserve pity, Helen was ashamed to her core for her betrayal.

"He's not with me. He's not answering my calls."

"I thought you broke his mobile," Helen said.

"He has a new one, idiot. He uses the same number."

"Diana, stop!"

"Nicely played, sis."

"What?"

"Nicely played. I bet Mom would have been proud." Diana ended the call.

Helen began dialing back when the elevator reached the top floor, and she panicked—Diana didn't know where Kevin was, and he missed their hotel rendezvous. Something must have happened.

Hands shaking, she dialed his old number.

"Helen?"

She sighed with relief. "Hey, baby, where were you? I waited for you."

"You waited for me?"

There was after-hours stillness in the building, but she knew there is a good chance William was still there. She made her way through the long corridor to his office. "I fell asleep in the hotel. I missed the CEO meeting, you won't believe the day I'm having. This is a total nightmare."

"Yeah."

She didn't miss the sadness in his voice or that there was a little slur. "Hey, baby, something wrong?"

"Yeah."

"Are you okay?"

"No."

"What happened?"

"I fell in love with the wrong person."

"What?" She laughed nervously. "Are you okay?"

"I'm drunk."

"What?" She laughed again.

"I'm drunk."

"Are you okay? Where are you, Kev?"

"You're just like her."

"Like her?"

"Like Diana. You're two peas in a pod, only you disguise it much better."

"Kevin!"

"How could you, Helen?"

"Kevin, what's wrong?" She panicked.

"And with a lace boy? I told you that's so abusive."

"What on earth are you talking about?"

"You know what's the difference between you and Nadine? Nadine at least doesn't pretend that she's something other than a pimp. What you see, is what you get. You broke my heart, Helen."

"Kevin, please, I—"

"I don't want to hear your excuses, Helen. I don't want to hear from you ever again. I gave you everything. I gave you my heart on a plate, and you crapped on it. I wish I'd never met you!" Kevin hung up.

Helen started calling him again, but then she heard a moan from William's office. She pushed the door and had another shock as she noticed the blood trail, then saw William sitting in the corner, his hands clutching the knife sticking out of his chest.

Even though years had passed since her training, her mind went on automatic. "No." She took his hands off the knife, and she laid him down on his back. Calmly she picked up her phone and tried to dial, but her fingers were slick with his blood, and the touch failed to work.

"Hey Siri, hey Siri, call 9-1-1." She shouted at her iPhone, her voice stable. She was in Iraq again. If you didn't keep your cool, your brothers in arms could die.

"Calling emergency services."

"No." She gently but firmly lifted William's hand off the knife's hilt. "A. B. C.," she said. "Airway, breathing, circulation." Blood was coming out of the wound, and she held the knife so it wouldn't move and applied pressure with her other hand.

"9-1-1, what is the emergency?"

"I'm at William and Richardson's offices, on 226 N. Clinton Street. We have a stabbing wound—"

"Ma'am, step away from him!"

She turned her head. The security guard from the entrance desk stood at the doorway, pointing his gun at her.

"Ma'am? Hello? Ma'am? Can you hear me? Hello? Ma'am? We already have an emergency call about a stabbing victim in that address. Ma'am, help is on the way."

"Step away from him, or I will shoot!"

"I'm trying to save him, you idiot!" Helen screamed at the guard.

William coughed, spraying her with blood.

–-

Kevin tiptoed into the Brion penthouse. The house was dark, and the light switch didn't work. The moonlight leaked through the tall windows, lessening the inky blackness. He saw a little shadow scuttle across the corridor.

"Hello?"

He heard a giggle. "Boom."

"Ben? Ben? Is that you?"

Kevin followed the shadows; his heart leaped when he saw the tall silhouette standing stiffly in the dark kitchen. It was staring out the window at the blinking city.

"Helen?"

Someone started banging on the penthouse door behind him.

"Helen?"

The figure turned toward him; it wasn't Helen. It was a tall man dressed in Wrangler jeans, wearing a cowboy hat. "Hello, son."

"I'm not your son," Kevin said.

"Always were, always will be."

"You're in jail, Pastor."

Pastor Roy Anderson nodded. "I am."

"Am I dreaming?"

The banging continued on the penthouse door. "Police! Open up!"

"Does your futanari girlfriend know you were a soldier in God's Army, son?"

"I'm not your son," Kevin shrieked.

Samantha, Kevin's mother, stepped out of the kitchen's shadows. She circled her arm around Roy's waist, her purple eyes two wells of sadness. "What are the three most important things in life, Kevin?"

He wanted to tell her that she had it all wrong, that kindness wasn't the answer, but then he woke up.

He blinked in the harsh morning light coming from the window. His head was pounding, and his eye still hurt from the beating Diana gave him. He'd fallen asleep in a chair, his cheek smeared against a small desk in Mike's dorm room. A Pilot pen that was left on the table had pinched his cheek the whole time he slept, and now he had a blue smudge on his chin. Kevin lifted his head, and an empty whiskey bottle rolled off the edge and onto the floor. By a miracle, it didn't shatter.

To his surprise, the pounding on the door persisted even though he wasn't dreaming anymore. Groaning, he dragged himself to the door, noting Mike's passed-out form on the bed. He wasn't surprised when he opened the door and saw a police officer standing there. The man had Native-American blood in him. He was maybe an inch shy of seven feet, and his shoulders almost covered the width of the door.

"Kevin O'Brien?" The policeman said.

Kevin nodded then he ran over to the trashcan and emptied the entire contents of his stomach inside it.

"Kevin O'Brien?"

Kevin wiped his mouth. "That's me. I'm Kevin."

"Sir, will you step outside?"

"What's it about?"

"I'm here to deliver a summons and escort you to the police station."

"Am I being arrested?" Kevin dry-heaved. His stomach was empty, and he felt like unscrewing his head off his shoulders and depositing it in a safe for a week.

"No. You are summoned for an interview, to make a statement."

"A what?"

"Sir!"

"Can I wash my mouth first and put on a clean shirt?"

There was a traffic jam on the way to the police station. The morning sun and the horns from the impatient drivers caused Kevin to close his eyes and clench his teeth.

"Had a party last night?" The police officer actually looked sympathetic.

"Why am I being detained?"

"You're not. You're being taken for an interview, not an interrogation."

"What's the difference?"

"You can actually refuse the interview and walk away. You can't walk away from an arrest."

"And if I decide to walk away?"

"Then I'll get a warrant and arrest you; then you'll be interrogated."

"Great."

The policeman fired off the car's siren, and Kevin's headache conquered new heights. The cop used his authority to cut through the sidewalk into a side street. "Look, I know it's scary, riding a police car and all, but you're really not a suspect of anything. We usually summon people over the phone and would have done the same with you, except that it's a high-profile case and there's a lot of pressure on us from—" The cop pointed up.

Kevin wondered if God was pressuring him because he pointed to the sky.

On a park bench they were passing by, two teenagers wearing high-school uniforms were making out. It seemed everywhere Kevin looked there were happy couples. "Whatever Diana did, I had nothing to do with it," he croaked. "I don't know anything about it and don't wish to know. In fact, we broke up two days ago."

"Who?"

"Diana Brion?"

"As in sister of Helen Brion?"

"This isn't about Diana?"

"It's about her sister."

Kevin turned to him. "Helen?"

"Didn't you read the paper today, son? It's all over the news. Helen Brion is the prime suspect in the murder of William Richardson."

"She what?" Kevin eyes grew big as plates despite the pain caused by the sun's cruel light. "What? Helen? What are you talking about?"

"She murdered her boss last night."

"What? Helen? No. No way. Not in million years. No way. Helen? This is beyond stupid. It must be a horrible mistake."

The cop shrugged his huge shoulders. "She was caught on the scene by a security guard, and we have an eyewitness who saw the whole thing. From what I've heard it's pretty much a done deal."

––

For her 30th birthday, Helen got a tiny cell inside the Alexander Correctional Institution, which she would call home until her trial. Surrounded by claustrophobic white walls and thousands of inmates, she learned the true meaning of loneliness.

Some say that the three most painful things a man can experience are the loss of a parent, loss of freedom, and the loss of love. Helen had lost her spiritual father, the love of her life, and her freedom on a single night.

She spent her entire first night staring at the wall, which gave her a blank stare. The yells of the inmates were a choir of insanity, but she barely even noticed them. She kept wondering why her heart was still beating, because the way she saw it, it should have stopped hours ago.

––

To be continued...

–-

Told you it gets worse.

Please be kind, vote and comment – every time you don't leave a comment an angel dies. True story.





Family Issues Ch. 12
byallthatisfuta©

Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

As always, I need to thank, Stylus and Madison, my cool editors - for their endless patience, and great insights.

Last chapter had ton of complaints, and mixed emotions. I've been building the gangsters stealing Helen's company since chapter 3, and I thought it would be super-awesome. Just goes to show that what looks super-awesome in your mind can come out as a meh, or a blaghhh, when put on paper.

Too late now, the show must go on.

$$$$$$$$$$$$

"Yo, Kev, those semi-cuties from the pub I told you about, it finally happened." Mike kicked open his dorm room at noon. He wasn't surprised to find Kevin still in bed. "They succumbed to the Mike magic. Your bro is the king of low-hanging fruits. "

Kevin lay on the bed, staring at nothing.

"Anyway, long story short, I'm tired like a thirteen-year-old's arm." Mike checked the watch and scratched his dreads. It was half-past eleven. "Dude, it's a bit too early for a midlife crisis. Like twenty years early. I brought sushi."

"Not hungry," Kevin said.

"Come on, you gotta try it." Mike dumped a spicy salmon roll into his mouth. "It's bitchin'. Yum! Fresh! Just killed it."

Kevin shook his head.

"Apropos of sushi, Kev, did I tell you about the time I crapped on the train in Japan? Totally rad."

"We have toilets on trains in the USA."

"In Japan, they don't."

"Go be annoying someplace else, Mike!" Kevin collected his legs to his chest, entered a fetal position, and turned his naked back to his friend.

"What, not even a smile?" Mike started drumming on Kevin's bum with the chopsticks. "I can show you pictures."

Kevin shoved his head under the pillow.

"I know what will make you feel better."

"You, leaving me alone."

"Nah, let's go out and spread the love. Help an old lady cross the street, shit like that. I helped this grandma cross the street the other day, twice. The old girl fought a bit on the way back, but boy oh boy, what a good vibe."

Kevin growled.

"Dude, you gotta snap out of it!"

"Fuck off!"

"Can't, bro. I'm bound by the sacred vow of 'you shall not leave thy brother to mope.' Plus, you're stinking up the bed."

Kevin pulled the blanket over the pillow, but Mike pulled both off.

"An Indian-sounding chick by the name Riya called last night. She wanted to know when you're coming back to work and how come I'm answering your phone calls. She figured I was your boyfriend. I had no choice but to tell her how I'll make her scream in bed. By the way, if you do go back to work, it's best to avoid Riya for a while. Like, a couple of years."

Kevin sat up and sighed. A ninety-year-old-on-his-deathbed's sigh.

"Professor Ziegler was kind enough to call and ask why you didn't deliver the assignment yet. And last and certainly least, Jack called. He asked if your majesty would be willing to take a group for a couple of dives this coming Sunday. Man, the world didn't stop just because you decided to."

Kevin stared at him stupidly.

"That's it. I'm calling your dad. You have a dad somewhere, right?"

"Don't!" Kevin said. "I think I'll go out for a jog."

"What you need is to go out and get laid, dude. Tonight, you and I are going out to this banging new club I've been telling you about, the one on Washington Street. We're getting you some pussy. There is this Jamaican cutie who works there—I've hooked up with her once. You should hear her talk, she's a trip."

"They won't let me see her or even call her. They don't allow her to see anyone other than her lawyer."

"The police?" Mike didn't have to ask who 'her' was.

"The FBI. They already say they'll press fraud charges against her in a federal court after the murder trial."

"Jesus."

"I've got to talk to her, Mike, I've got to. I was shitfaced when she called me. I said stupid things. Mean things. Terrible things."

"Maybe it's for the best?"

"What?"

Mike let out a long breath. Comforting and counseling a friend whose girl was about to go for a lifetime in prison was way beyond his skill set.

"Mike, she didn't do any of the things they say she'd done. Don't believe a word of what they say in the papers. They don't know her. I do."

"You would never believe she could cheat on you either. Maybe you should accept the fact that you didn't really know her? Maybe...? Maybe you should try to let her go?"

"What?"

"Plenty of fish in the sea, Kev. Well, fish don't have boobs. Okay, forget the fish. But maybe it's time for you to move on?"

"Maybe it's time I get a new friend?" Kevin jumped out of bed.

"Man, what you all trippin' like that for? And where are you going?"

"I don't know!" Kevin put on his high school running shoes. A hundred yards out of the door, and he already regretted blowing Mike off. Mike was the best friend a man could ask for. But asking Kevin to try to forget Helen? He might as well have asked him to forget that there is a sun that shines every morning.

She was out there, locked beyond his reach, always present. Thinking about his beautiful Helen inside an ugly jail cell kept him awake at nights. Was she hurt? Was she scared? Helen was a slow adapter, and changes terrified her. She was terrible at reading situations, and jail wasn't exactly known to be a tolerant place. She didn't belong to a gang; she had no friend-making skills. The fact that he could do nothing about it sent him into episodes of impotent rage and despair.

Kevin ran aimlessly for miles. Like a broken GPS, his feet took him to the dead, empty streets south of the river, past the rubble mountains where once stood crime-infested high-rises. People lived and loved here. Helen and Diana grew up in this place, and those neighborhoods had once shaped his Valkyrie. Nothing remained but piles land broken dreams. Jogging, his heart was busy pumping blood, but even that wasn't enough to dim the ache in his chest. He went to sleep and woke up with it.

Kevin was so absorbed in his dark thoughts that he almost crashed into a black Toyota van. The car screeched to a halt for no apparent reason, veered onto the sidewalk, and blocked his way. Cursing, Kevin stumbled and found his balance.

"Asshole!"

The side door slid open, and Cecilia, AKA Madam Hulk, jumped out, faster and much more agile than a woman her size had a right to be.

"Hey, angel." She grinned. Her two upper teeth were missing. "Did it hurt when you fell from heaven?"

Kevin turned wildly, but another black Toyota van screeched on the asphalt and blocked the street and his route back. He changed direction again and dived under Madam Hulk's fist, then used a fire hydrant as a springboard to fly onto the van's hood. He ran over the windshield up to the van's roof, danced like a cat over to the other side, and like a cat, he landed on his feet and sprinted down a deserted alley... like a terrified cat.

Kevin heard shouts and curses behind him, but he didn't dare turn his head. He sprinted past a skeleton of what used to be a street. Cracked concrete and peeling walls, broken windows gaping into lifeless buildings. Down into a boulevard's corpse—dead trees and broken lampposts.

Don't look back.

Turn left, turn left.

Lose them.

Shouts behind him. They sounded far.

A yellow Suzuki DR buzzed like an angry bumblebee to his left on a street parallel to his. The tall motorcyclist wearing black leather and a black helmet went for a wheelie, then hit the gas and was lost behind a building.

Was he trying to cut him off?

His heartbeat was a furious drum.

Kevin doubled back, away from the motorcyclist's course, then changed his direction again, cutting through an abandoned playground and a muddied trail leading to a small, crumbling shopping center.

Hide?

They know where you are, keep running.

Through the open road, run all the way to the river. Lose them in the tall reeds.

"Shit!"

The motorcycle waited on the road ahead. The rider revved the engine twice, like a boxer in a ring, teasing his opponent. Kevin took off in the other direction, up a broad flight of stairs leading to the deserted shopping area's second floor. The rider fired up the engine and zoomed after him, not even slowing as the front wheel hit the stairs. He punched Kevin's back as he passed him. Kevin rolled on the concrete, kicking the bike hard as he fell, flipping both man and vehicle on its side.

Kevin rolled back onto his feet.

Fight or flight?

The Kevin from seven months ago would have turned his back without giving it a second consideration.

The current Kevin decided to make them think twice. He jumped on the downed man, not allowing him time to recover, kicking while the biker's leg was still pinned under the motorcycle. To his utter shock, the man effortlessly grabbed him and spun him into the concrete wall.

They were both up, facing each other. Kevin had his arms in the air, entering his Krav Maga stance. The motorcyclist limped a little; he must have hurt his leg when the bike fell on it.

The man took his helmet off, not a man after all. "Hey, sweetie."

"Hey, Brigitte."

"You were a little rabbit the last time we met."

"People change." His nose throbbed. He wondered if he broke it when he fell.

"Get in the van, sweetie."

"Can you sound more like an old pervert trying to nail a ten-year-old kid?"

"Nothing nasty like that. We're going on an actual date, you and I. Someplace nice."

"Cool. I won't be there, but you go have fun." Kevin flipped her his middle finger.

She smiled, and for the first time, he saw something other than the North Pole in her dead grey eyes. "It's strange."

"What is?"

"I tend to see most people as canceled abortions, but I like you, Kevin."

"You don't even know me."

"You're different."

"What do you want from me, Brigitte?"

"To use you."

"Sex?"

She smiled and licked her upper lip. "I wish. No, pumpkin, I need to use you as bait."

"Huh?"

She pressed her index finger to her leg and winced. "You've really done some damage there."

"I'm sorry."

"See? There! Right there! You're not just saying it, you're genuinely sorry, even though I don't deserve an ounce of pity. You're wired up differently. You're fucked up."

"Maybe it's you who's wired up wrong?"

"Probably." She extracted a smartphone from a duffel bag tied to the bike, and he was surprised to hear the camera click.

"Next time give me a heads-up, I'll fix myself and make a duckface."

"I just need to send a pic to confirm that I've got you bagged. No point in bait if no one knows about it."

"You need to catch me first."

"Yeah." Brigitte pulled out a Beretta M9. "Get in the van, sweetie."

--

"Ah, ah, ah, ah."

"Beautiful love of my life."

"Ah, ah, ah, ah."

Helen crossed off the words she'd written and started again. "I always thought that my existence was set on hold. Waiting to begin. Then you came, Kevin, and everything changed. It's like a sun with purple eyes shone over me, and all that used to be drab was suddenly radiant."

She crossed these words off too.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah."

In the upper bunk opposite Helen's, the blanket rose and fell like a mythical beast's hump. The two futa girls beneath it started out quietly, but as the fun progressed, one of them had a hard time keeping it down.

"Ah, ah, ah, ah."

Valerie grunted as she stood up and strutted heavily to the fornicating couple's bed. "Shut your hole, you hear me?" She banged on the metal frame. "Fucking animals!"

A raven-haired girl popped her head out of the blanket. Her face had a healthy flush. "Sorry, Patron." She huffed, then cuffed the blond girl beneath her. "Pipe it down, bitch!" She then dived under the covers again. The blanket kept rising and falling, but the sex show's soundtrack was reset to mute.

"Fucking animals." Valerie collapsed on her bed, blowing out air, and groaned as she fished out an onion from somewhere beneath her cot. "I'll tell you something, Barbie, you want to turn a human being into an animal, just lock him down." She peeled her onion, fished out a kitchen knife, and then, almost in slow motion, sliced a precise, thin ring, savoring the moment. She picked it up and gently placed it on her sandwich, next to the tomato, on top of a cucumber slice, on top of the thin bacon strips.

Helen felt her mouth water. She'd barely touched the food served that evening in the 'Chew Hall.' The meal cost the taxpayer $1.25 per inmate. It consisted of bread as hard as a hockey puck, watery oatmeal with extra protein in the form of a dead cockroach, and sausage the inmates called 'You don't,' which is short for 'you don't wanna know what's inside this shit.'

"It's a jungle, and they're fucking animals, Barbie."

Helen stared at Valerie's sandwich for a second; her taste buds pleaded with her to take a bite. Then she remembered Kevin's Jambalaya, and she resumed pouring her heart onto the page.

"Who are you writing that for? Your boy again?"

Helen paused her scribbling. The letter was already twenty pages long. "They won't let me talk to him. Maybe they'll let me send him a letter?"

"Lemme see that."

"It's private."

The Dominican futanari frowned. Valerie weighed over 260 pounds. She strutted around the cell wearing dark underwear and a black tank-top, proudly displaying numerous tattoos on her arms and her enormous chest. There were six beds in total. Except for Helen and the other blond girl, the other futanari sharing their small cell were Dominicans, and they followed a strict hierarchy. The guards called Valerie Ms. Diaz, but the inmates called her Patron. She carried herself with the swagger of someone who owned the jail. Helen found it perplexing, and she settled on not calling her at all.

"Don't be shy, Barbie." Valerie grabbed the stack of papers.

"Kevin, I miss you so much," Valerie licked her lips and continued to read out loud. "You're not allowed to call me, but I know that the thing we shared can't die so easily. Kev, I know you're angry, even if I don't understand why. Whatever happened between us, I know that we can fix it. If you could just send me a message through my counselor. Just a hint that I still have your love. I need it so much right now. I feel transparent in here." Valerie gave a Bronx Cheer. "Transparent? What's that supposed to mean, Barbie?"

"That nobody sees me in here. Nobody cares."

"You're such a funny Barbie. Every eye in this shithole has been on you since the day you've shown up."

"What?"

"It's a jungle, and the other animals are trying to figure out if you're a predator or prey."

"I'm neither."

"There's no such creature."

"I'm not a creature."

Valerie snorted. "They want to know if they should keep their distance or exploit you. You look hot, Mamacita, and in here, a mix of good-looking and naïve can be fatal."

"I'm no predator."

"You don't act the part, but you got them scars and this shit," Valerie pointed at her eye. "And you're here for homicide. People are not sure."

"And what do you think?"

"I think you should work at adapting, fast. You can't let people make you their bitch. Focus on your trial, Barbie; stop wasting your time on love letters. Boys come and go. You know what always remains?"

"Hope?"

"The knowledge that people are total crap."

"Kevin is special." Helen let her long legs dangle from her bunk. "I love him."

"Kevin is special." Valerie imitated her. She was the first inmate to address more than a single sentence to her, and Helen was grateful, but now she regretted sharing her private life. "Your bitch is not special. Give him a few months, and he'll forget you even exist. They all do. Find yourself a mint boy on the inside. There are fifteen men here for every futa bitch. There are cuties here who take three cigarettes or ramen soup for a blowjob, and three soups for a—" She nodded towards the bunk where the two girls were humping under the blanket.

"I thought that any physical contact with men was strictly forbidden?"

"So is almost everything here." Valerie pointed to her sandwich. "So is keeping sharp objects with stabbing potential." Valerie lifted her kitchen knife. "So is sodomy and shooting cheap Mexican Horse." She nodded towards the bunk below the fornicating couple. A nineteen-year-old girl named Josephine lay there on her back, her head in the clouds and the syringe still sticking out of her arm.

"I see."

"No, you don't, but you will. I'll teach you, Barbie."

"Why do you want to help?"

"Cause Mom never bought me any Barbies to play with." Valerie was so pleased with her joke she laughed until she coughed. "You're like a toddler. Transparent? Amarrar los perros con longanizas."

"Tying dogs with what?"

"It means you're naïve, and your enemies will exploit your naivety."

"What enemies?"

"Everyone here is an enemy, Barbie." Valeria snorted. "Transparent? That jumpy blondie Daria is playing Hide the Salami with... Why do you think they replaced one of my girls with that putana last night? She's here on a special delivery, just for you."

"Naomi?"

"Naomi's an FBI snitch. It means your investigation has reached a dead end. They're hoping you'll open your sweet mouth. Be careful around her."

Helen stared at the blanket as it rose and fell. A jail was terra incognita, with a set of laws different to everything she knew. There were no textbooks; you learned on the fly. "I don't need to be careful around her. She'll get nothing from me. I did nothing."

"Exactly! Be a smart Barbie."

"No, I really did none of the things they accuse me of."

"You and everyone else in here." Valerie stopped her lecture because the inmates from the other cells started whistling a warning of an incoming guard. The sandwich and the knife disappeared in a quick magic act that would have shamed David Copperfield. The two girls fucking on the bunk stopped the live show and helped their stoned partner to compose herself.

A few seconds later the cell door was opened by a guard leading a male inmate wearing a striped white and orange uniform. Helen, after seeing Orange Is the New Black, expected orange jumpsuits. She was dismayed to discover that striped uniforms were making a comeback in US jails and prisons, big time. The penitentiary issued all the girls on her block striped black and white jumpsuits on arrival.

"Took your sweet time, David," Valerie smirked.

The guard named David looked around the cell and frowned. "Will you fucking tone it down, Val? If Alex decides to go on inspection, he'll blow a fuse, and then he'll have my hide."

"Val? Val is what you can call your gonorrhea-infected girlfriend. It's Ms. Diaz for you, Jew Boy."

"Watch it, Valerie."

She arched an eyebrow.

"Whatever." He grunted and pushed the inmate in, locking the door.

Early on, it was discovered that it was a bad idea to incarcerate futa girls in female prisons and jails. Tossing them in a male prison didn't turn out to be a hot idea either. Male or female, futa criminals, with their natural strength, became any penitentiary's top dogs. There were no futa-specific incarceration centers, but they were kept segregated in their own wards, despite human-rights groups' pressure. Futas were only allowed to mingle with the other inmates during yard time, under the guards' strict supervision.

Apparently, there were exceptions.

The young man was in his early thirties. He had a dark complexion; he was slim and a little on the short side. His hair was a wild black jungle of curls.

"How was your infirmary vacation, baby?" Valerie smacked her lips.

"Cool. We had pudding tonight."

The cell had six bunks, and now, seven inmates. Helen wondered where the hell the new guy was supposed to sleep.

"Nurse Abigail is still a horny bitch?"


"Pffft, horny." He rubbed his ass. "A guy takes a thermometer in his mouth, it makes her dick hard. She hears Justin Bieber on the radio, it makes her hard. She just saw me eat pudding, and it made her hard. Had to give her a farewell sucki-fucki."

Valerie laughed. "Good for her. She's what, sixty?"

"Sixty-two. One time when that horny bitch was on top of me, she had a phone call from her grandson. Kept humping me through the entire conversation. Crazy!"

"Six days, that's a lot of noodles."

The inmate lost his smile. "Yeah, well, she...yeah, Momma." He pulled ten ramen noodle packs from his jumper, one cigarette packet, and a can of sardines. He gave the cigarettes, sardines, and six of the packs to Valerie, stuffing the remaining four back in his uniform.

When Helen learned that noodles were the new jail currency since cigarettes became illegal contraband, she bought six ramen packs at the jail shop. They were stolen from her bunk a day later. Another currency was sex, but she didn't even consider it as an option.

"Is that all, Aziz?"

"I wouldn't dream of cheating on you, Momma."

Valerie chuckled. "Sofia, give my boy here a thorough frisk," she said to the Dominican futanari girl sleeping under Helen's bunk, then winked at Helen. "Sofia was a narco in Santo Domingo. She can find things on your body you didn't know you ever had."

"All right, all right." Aziz pulled twelve ramen packs and dumped them on the bed.

"Forgot you had them?"

"Yep."

"I'll be mucho angry if you're trying to bend me over a second time, boy. Memory is something we can work on."

"I swear, that's all I've got, Momma."

"Don't let me catch you lying again, boy. Now you don't get to keep any and consider yourself lucky because I have a mind to give you a good spanking." Valerie swept all the packs under her bed. She didn't have to hide anything; no one dreamed of stealing from her. There were two shelves for the inmates' private stuff in the cell. Valerie's private belongings occupied the entire top shelf, and the remaining cell occupants had to do with the lower shelf. Helen didn't use it because everything she placed there went missing a day later.

"Lucky for you, Momma is more horny than angry, boy." Valerie snapped her fingers.

Aziz crawled between her massive thighs. He pulled out her semi-hard member from her underwear and gave it a loving lick from the scrotum to the tip.

"You love my Dominican snake, don't you?"

Aziz let out a fake twitter before he licked away at the side of her shaft. He moaned with pleasure, and Helen wondered if he enjoyed it, or it was only a show. The young man ended up coating Valerie's entire shaft with his saliva before he moved back up and took her cock head in his mouth. He gave it a quick suck and drank up all the pre-cum dripping out.

"Yeah, baby, you know you missed it." Valerie patted his curls and reached out with her other hand behind his head.

Aziz's cheeks caved in as he sucked her python.

She pulled, urging him towards her mons. She held the back of his head and used it to guide him farther forward along her meaty shaft. Valerie paused with three inches of her massive girth resting between his lips.

"Good boy. I forgot how hot your lips were. Suck it for me, baby," she said, licking her lips. "Bob your head on it and keep your lips nice and tight. Oh shit, that's good. Ooh, Aziz, you make Momma moan. You make Momma moan." She pulled his head off her cock and smacked her lips aggressively on his. Then she shoved him back down.

Aziz began sliding his lips back to the tip, then forward again. They glided effortlessly over the smooth skin, back and forth. She nodded eagerly and pressed her fingers into his hair against the back of his head.

Valerie slapped her massive thighs, making them quiver like gelatin. Aziz increased his efforts to please. He added loud slurping noises, and even the two ladies, who had resumed humping on the bunk, paused to investigate what the racket was all about.

"Look at him go! Woohoo!" Sofia from the other bed, the one below Helen, slapped Aziz's ass. "Like a sucking machine. Patron, can I go next?" She yanked a pack of cigarettes from her jumper.

"The price went up to six cigs for a blowjob. Inflation. How about you, Barbie? You want some of that ass?"

"I'll pass."

"Your loss. This little boy's lips are the shit." Valerie was panting softly, and there was a hint of color in her cheeks. "Mmm, you really are such a talented little cocksucker. It may be your only talent, but at least you're good at it."

Aziz wiggled his buns playfully.

"Does sucking Momma makes you hard?" She put her hand at the back of his head again and commenced pulling him tighter to her crotch. Her cock dug all the way into his mouth before his throat started to bulge. Valerie massaged Aziz's throat lovingly, giving him time to adjust. Slowly her python conquered more ground until the young man between her thighs started struggling to pull back.

Valerie released the back of his skull, and Aziz slurped all the way up, coughing a little as the bulbous mushroom popped out of his lips. He held it and licked the slit with the tip of his tongue, making her moan.

"Nice, but I want to feel my tool deep in that wet tunnel."

Without a word, he attacked her cock again, this time not stopping. When his nose was finally touching the few wisps of hair at her cock's base. He had successfully deep throated her entire massive cock. "God your throat is so tight." She tightened her hold on his hair, and Aziz winced as Valerie pulled. She pushed her hips, sending her cock deeper.

"Swallow me, lover boy."

He started swallowing. His throat constricted and milked her cock.

"This is what you do here, Barbie. You adapt. In the real world, Aziz is a bum-bandit. He would never dream of doing it with a girl. Here—" She ruffled his hair as he continued bobbing and slurping on her. Valerie picked up a cigarette and took a mouthful of her fantastic sandwich and leaned backward, closing her eyes. A second later, her cock erupted down the throat that enveloped it. Aziz tried to pull back, but she grabbed the back of his head and locked him in position. His eyes grew large as her balls pumped more and more fluid up her shaft.

"Ahhhhh..." She let out a loud sigh, pumped her hips with full force one last time, then she relaxed her grip. Aziz tried to pull again, but she controlled his head movement, allowing him to slurp slowly back to her cock's head.

"Don't spill a drop!" she croaked.

He pulled his lips off her softening anaconda and immediately grabbed it, licking the last remnants of her explosion. His hands squeezed the shaft traveling up, extracting the white drops, which he quickly licked from the tip. Only then he allowed himself to put it down.

"Did I say we're done?" she growled.

Aziz shook his head fast.

"Take me into your sweet mouth again."

Aziz grabbed her cock and slurped it inside.

"Now make Momma hard again." She lovingly interlaced her fingers in his black curls, which started swaying again to the rhythm of his head-bobbing.

"See, Barbie. It's a jungle in here," she huffed. "The strong chew on the weak."

--

The billboard outside the construction site said, "Destiny Mall-Makes you feel like shopping. Coming soon!" Inside the compound, surrounded by tall green fences, stood a naked skeleton of a three-story office. It stood alone. A rusting crane beside it worked on its tan and nothing else. The people who hung the sign probably attributed 'Coming soon' to an infinite quantity of time. It didn't look like a monster shopping complex was coming anytime soon or even much later. Anyone with half a brain observing the site would notice something odd. No crews were going in or out, no machinery or trucks, and it emitted no happy cling-clang construction noises. The crane and the concrete skeleton were like those hollow houses in a Hollywood Western set. Only for show.

A murder of crows was having a siesta on the tall crane. The site was rarely disturbed, and so the black birds were comfortable enough to claim the place as their home. They stared curiously at the tall futanari woman below. One bird took off and dropped a nasty load on her silver Lexus RC. Suzan Owens fidgeted on the construction site's dirty sand. She had been waiting for half an hour, and Suzan wasn't used to waiting.

She let out a deep sigh as the black Toyota pulled through the site's gate. The elder futanari probably regretted her pick of garb. A cement mixer truck hummed its way through the green gate, following the vans. She focused on the vans and didn't step aside fast enough when some remains flew from the truck's discharge chute. Now her red Prada dress had a nice, wet cement stain. Her red Jimmy Choo shoes were entirely ruined.

"Fuck!" She tried scraping the gray splotch off with her polished fingernails, which was an even bigger mistake. "Everybody's here?" she said to Brigitte, who limped out of the van.

Brigitte nodded. "You're here."

"What about Helen Brion?"

"She's not here."

"Very amusing."

"You see me laughing?"

Suzan reflected that possibly nobody had ever seen Brigitte laughing. Maybe at funerals. "Why is Helen still breathing?"

"Not so simple, Suzan. Alexander is a tight institute. The inmates don't call it Hell for nothing."

"I don't want her talking to the FBI."

"Too late for that." Brigitte signaled the cement truck to park over a small pit.

"We should minimize the damage."

"And contacting the Malecon familia is your idea of minimizing?"

Suzan froze. She knew she had rats in her organization but had never suspected they burrowed so deep.

"We don't do business with the Dominicans, Suzan."

"Well, unlike you, they do have connections inside Alexander. You seem to misunderstand how grave our position is."

"Our position?"

"I don't want Helen on the stand in court, Brigitte. She has my name, and she's going to use it. I want my name as far away as it can be from this scandal."

"Should have thought of that before you decided to OJ William Richardson."

"It was an accident." When angry, Susan's Southern drawl stood out. "How many times do I need to tell you that the idiot attacked me?"

Brigitte flexed her leg and felt her knee. It was warm, beginning to swell. It would require a CAT scan. "Yeah, you handled things perfectly. I don't think there has ever been a greater fuckup in the Syndicate's history."

"You just take care of your end and let me handle mine."

"We don't do business with the Dominicans. That's the law."

"The sooner Helen has a terminal accident, the better for everyone."

"We don't do business with the Dominicans, Suzan," Brigitte said in her flat voice.

The elder futanari wanted to argue, but Brigitte's dead eyes had a way of crawling under one's skin.

Brigitte opened the van's door, and Kevin was pushed out, squinting. Madam Hulk followed. The colossal wrestler stomped over to the second van and opened its side door.

She hissed to the driver, and together they manhandled a girl out of the van's back seat. The girl had her hands cuffed behind her back, and her head was cloaked in a black hood.

Cecilia half prodded, half dragged the prisoner until she stood at the open pit's edge. Brigitte pulled off her hood, and Kevin gasped.

There were smeared red makeup trails down Diana's cheeks, and it was plain she had been crying for a long time. Her eyes ran like frightened black mice, from Brigitte to Madam Hulk, then pleading to Suzan. She suddenly noticed Kevin, and her eyes focused. Diana uttered a single "Baby," then she burst into heartbreaking sobs.

Kevin had never seen Diana so broken and frightened. He wavered for a heartbeat before he wrapped her slim form in his arms, lowering her head to his chest. "Hey," he cooed. "Hey. Everything will be fine." He studied Brigitte, then kissed Diana's wet cheek. "All will be fine, Diana."

"That's it, Kev, right there," Brigitte smirked. "If I were you, I would have used the opportunity to kick her nuts all the way to the moon."

"Fuck off!"

"You're a cross between a human and a Care Bear."

"What did you bring us here for?"

"They're going to shoot us," Diana sobbed.

Kevin looked up at Brigitte, searching her face for a clue, but the futanari with the dead eyes just shrugged at him.

"What did I ever do to you?" Kevin said.

"Don't take it so personally, pretty boy," Suzan said.

"I shouldn't take my life personally?"

"That thing with Helen escalated from fraud to murder."

Kevin looked wildly around him. There was nowhere to run. "Thing?"

"You're both in the middle of it all, a target for the FBI. You and Diana simply know too many details; you've seen too many key figures, and you know too many secrets."

"All I've seen was a mansion and people wearing devil masks," Kevin said.

"We can't afford more mistakes."

"Last week you said I was fast becoming your right hand, Suzan," Diana sobbed into Kevin's chest.

"Sometimes you need to cut off a limb to save the head."

"Please?"

"I'm really sorry, darling," Suzan's voice turned tender. "Been an unexpected pleasure knowing you."

"Fuck you, Brigitte, and you, Suzan, and everything you two stand for," Kevin spat.

"That's the spirit, Kev." Brigitte winked at him, pulled out an apple from her duffel bag, and offered it to him. "Want one? It's good for the teeth. Whoa, there, cowboy." She turned to Suzan who opened her purse and extracted a black Glock. "Seriously, girl? Don't you want to leave that job to the professionals?" Her eyes squinted. "Wait, wait, you got the taste for it, didn't you? You've done it once, and now you want more. I've seen it happen."

"You have a problem with that?"

"Be my guest." Brigitte took a bite of her apple. "You might wanna put a clip in first. Those things don't work without bullets."

"Don't look." Kevin kissed Diana's cheek. He shut his eyes and held tightly onto his ex-girlfriend's shaking body.

So this is how it ends? Funny, he'd always thought it would be different. Mostly he regretted that he wouldn't be able to see Helen again. At this point in his life, he didn't very much believe in the Almighty, but he sent a prayer to whomever was listening to keep her safe.

The heavy gunshot echoed around the site and made the crows take to the air, screaming their fright. Kevin shuddered. Diana's body went stiff in his arms.

He waited. Nothing happened.

"You can open your eyes, dummy," Brigitte said.

Nothing changed. Kevin was still breathing and unharmed, and so was Diana. Suzan stared at the bloody wound in her chest.

"Son of a—"

Brigitte shot her again, this time between her eyes, with the Beretta M9.

--

Kevin puked his guts out into the pit. A Jimmy Choo adorned foot was still sticking out for a second, stylish and macabre, before it was covered by the cement from the truck.

"Not so tough now, eh, Kev?" Brigitte finished her apple and threw the remains into the pit.

"You murdered her!"

"How about a thank-you? She was seriously going to shoot you."

"You killed her!"

"Shit happens."

"What?"

"The Syndicate had a meeting last night. It was a unanimous vote. Almost three years of preparations, millions of dollars wasted, and five billion dollars in lost revenues. Down the drain because of this cunt. She signed her own death warrant." Brigitte spat into the pit.

"Did she steal your money?"

"Get in the van, Kev."

"But—"

"Now!" She pointed her gun at him. "I'm done being nice."

"What about me?" Diana stopped shaking and even regained her healthy complexion. Cecilia uncuffed her.

"That depends. That pit has plenty of room for a bitch with an attitude. On the other hand, the Benjamin Franklins keep flowing—nothing has changed. The Mexicans still need their money cleaned, and the Colombians need their money shined. So does everyone else. The Syndicate doesn't give a fuck who runs the money-laundering machine as long as it's running. It's understood that you and the tall bitch became close lately. That she let you run a good part of her operations."

"I can operate parts, not all."

"Wrong answer, little girl."

"It's mostly automatic." Diana spoke quickly, staring into the hole. "Ethan can help me manage the rest and fill in the blanks."

"Can you keep everyone happy?"

"Sure."

"You'll get the same percentage as Suzan took. Nothing changes."

Diana nodded.

"Be smart. You're one of us now. Don't mess with the Syndicate, little girl."

Diana stared again into the pit and shuddered.

"Okay, wrap it up! Brigitte hollered. "Cecilia, take her Lexus to Joe's yard. Tell him 'full treatment.'" Without giving Diana another glance, she entered the van with Kevin.

"Don't!" she barked as she pulled out of the construction site and Kevin reached out to open the Toyota's door. "If I have to chase you again—I mean I like you, I really do, but..."

"Why did you drag me here?"

"You and Diana baited Suzan out of her fortress, dummy."

"Don't think I won't go to the police."

"A fucking Boy Scout Care Bear." She punched his chin lightly. "In case you still didn't get it, that's not how the world operates."

"You think I won't?"

"Just make sure that the cop you're talking to isn't already in our back pocket. Most of them are."

"Where are we going, Brigitte?"

"You know where we're going."

He knew. He wasn't at all surprised when they pulled an hour later into the Astor mansion, nor was he surprised to see the tall woman waiting for them in the garage.

Kevin was angry with the world in general and specifically with Nadine. He knew she was involved with Suzan Owens. He planned on shouting it to her face, but the will to fight left him.

The brutal execution, the comprehension that he had just escaped death, hit his core. His despair, his anger with Helen and her cheating, the fact that he hadn't slept for days or eaten much all accumulated into a dark mountain that made it hard to even breathe. That mountain dissolved in a single moment as Nadine tenderly wrapped him in her long arms. She was a lot of things, but she was also tenderness, and he was grateful to merely drown in her warmth.

-

Nadine watched over him as he slept. Their naked bodies were intertwined, her leg over his, her hand hugging him close to her chest. He was beautiful, and she loved staring at him. Every time he stared at her with those purple eyes, she felt it deep in her chest.

Kevin moaned as he dreamed. He whispered something incomprehensible about an army and about God. Then he clearly said "Helen," and that hurt. A lot.

Nadine brushed his forehead with her lips. "You're mine, you hear me?" she whispered. "Forget about her."

The bedroom door creaked open, and she grinned. Iman forgot to knock nowadays more often than she remembered. Nadine suspected it was a rebellious act more than a memory issue.

Her little sister danced on her tiptoes, wearing her pale blue Elsa dress. "Hey, Nuni, I'm going to take Jane for a ride. Wanna come and watch me?"

"First, please be quiet, sweetie," Nadine whispered. "Second, the Elsa dress is inappropriate for riding. Third, it's late, and Adam has already gone home, so there's no one to saddle her for you and no one to watch over you."

"I can saddle Jane myself. I'm not a baby—wait!" Her beautiful dark eyes squinted when she recognized the sleeping man Nadine snuggled. "Is that...? Is that...?" Her eyes became round. "That's Kevin!"

"He's very, very, very, very tired, sweetie. He needs to sleep. Okay?"

"What is he doing here?" Iman whispered.

Nadine kissed Kevin's lips. "He'll be staying with us."

"What?" Iman began clapping, then remembered she was supposed to be quiet. "For how long?"


"I hope he'll stay for a very long time." Like forever, she thought.

Nadine's little sister tweeted like a happy bird and danced a full circle on her toes. "Wow."

"We need to be very gentle and understanding with him. He's been through difficult times, and he's still got a lot ahead of him. He needs TLC."

"TLC?"

"Remember when you broke your leg? You were upset because I made you stay in bed. So, just like that time. Lots of hugs and kisses."

Iman kneeled and kissed Kevin's lips gently, already fantasizing about all the beautiful games they'd play together.

--

"As he had so many times before, on the sixth of November at eight p.m., William Richardson sat in his office, long after most of the people who worked for him had gone home. William Richardson, a former US Marine Corps major, a pillar of his community, generous philanthropist, a beloved husband," Larry Hannan, the assistant DA and the prosecutor, paused for dramatic effect, "and a father of three." He looked at the three stunning daughters who sat in the second row, wearing black. The eldest, Sharon, was a famous model, and the youngest was following in her footsteps. It never hurt that the grieving daughters looked so good. Indeed, the jury's male contingent appeared impressed. He waited for them to have an eyeful, but he kept one eye on Russell Henley.

The elderly judge was strict when it came to drama in his court. When Larry was younger, Russell had kicked him twice out of his courtroom and once threatened to charge him with contempt for a long opening speech. "If you want drama, you should try Hollywood. Try that in my court, on my shift, well..." was something Russell said to every inspiring young attorney, usually accompanied by a scary wink. However, the People vs. Helen Brion was a high-profile case, and that meant Larry had some slack, which he was going to use. He loved drama.

"The state will prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that the defendant," he pointed at Helen and paused again, "Helen Brion, planned and then executed William's murder on November the sixth, in his office, stabbing William with his Marine combat knife. The defendant, a former Marine herself and proficient in knife combat, stabbed him through the left lung at eight-thirty. William died from his wound at eight thirty-six, just as the emergency response team arrived at Richardson and Williams' central office. Those are the undisputed facts that the state will prove beyond any reasonable doubt. The real question is why?"

Larry turned back to the defendant, hoping to make eye contact. Sadly, Helen didn't look at him. It ruined the effect and annoyed him immensely. Her eyes were glued to the slim young man sitting in the row to her left. She devoured his every move, searching, but for what?

Kevin was the sister's boyfriend. The missing sister's boyfriend, because Diana had disappeared from the face of the earth. He was going to seek a writ of body attachment in her case and still contemplated whether he should put Kevin on the stand. But as he observed this little courthouse drama, he wondered if the cops had missed something juicy.

"The real question is why. What would make a valued employee, a top analyst, and vice president— what would make her take her boss' life?" He paused again.

"The evidence will show that the real estate giant Richardson and Williams had been under a vicious criminal attack for over a year. A financial scam meant to rob," he paused for effect, "billions. Meant to steal billions with a 'B' from the company's coffers through an intricate web of straw companies and bogus investments. The state will show that William Richardson was about to expose the conspiracy the night he was murdered. Murdered by the one person who sat in the middle of this web. The defendant!" He pointed at her. "Helen Brion discovered that William was onto her plans, and she simply couldn't allow that to happen."

Larry turned to Helen. The tall girl had worn an ugly black suit to court. Bad choice. She looked like a business shark with terrible fashion sense. Her eyepatch added to the overall disturbing first impression. She was beautiful, no ugly suit or scars could hide that, but she didn't use her charms on the jury. Helen had her burning green eye set on Kevin. It's like she came to court for him, and the trial didn't even interest her.

Kevin lifted his head, saw her staring, and blushed.

His hunch was spot on. Larry was glad he'd chosen his black flannel trousers that morning instead of the tighter gray pair because he had an erection when he thought of the possibilities.

-- 

"The defendant has stated in her testimony that it was your team who introduced the initial offer for Destiny Mall—"

"Oh, I bet she did." Marianne, Bay Area Acquisitions Manager, rolled her eyes. She chose a flowery A-line dress for court. Larry suggested that she avoid dressing stylishly and aim for the 'I'm a bug-eyed, clueless country girl' look. Despite his advice, the dress showed too much bosom.

"I understand that the court experience can be overwhelming." Larry attempted a tender smile, but he was feeling like a barracuda today; a bit of it surfaced. "Still, Ms. Anderson, let me ask the question before answering. Who introduced the initial Destiny Mall offer to your team and to the company?"

"Helen."

"The defendant came with the initial offer?"

"What did I just say?"

"A 'yes' will do." Larry gave a mental sigh.

"Yes. In fact, the project was shot down by William in July, but Helen pushed again for a second review."

"When was that?"

"About a month ago."

"I would like the jury to review exhibit item 24-c, an email from the defendant's account to Ms. Anderson, sent in September, asking her to prepare a re-review of Destiny Mall." He looked at Helen. It was the first time she showed interest in anything that wasn't Kevin. She whispered something in the public defender's ear.

"And did you know or have any suspicion whatsoever at the time that Destiny Mall is, what you call in real-estate jargon, a land fraud?"

"Of course not. No one knew. Everyone still finds it hard to believe that—"

"Ms. Anderson," Judge Henley cut her off. "During your testimony, please stick to what you did and what you saw. What everyone else believes is hearsay."

Kevin felt like placing his fingers around the public defender's scrawny neck and squeezing. She needed a good shake. The lawyer appointed for Helen by the state sat in her crisp suit, her glasses bouncing up and down on her knee as she tapped her foot. Kevin couldn't imagine what could make her so nervous. She didn't put up a fight. She'd barely said a word since the session began, and the first objection of the day belonged to the judge.

"Can you tell the court, Ms. Anderson, what happened on November the sixth?"

Marianne took a deep breath and smiled. She liked the attention, then remembered that she was at a murder trial, and she put on a somber face. "I had a deadline for the Destiny Mall addendum, so I was forced to work late."

"Was anyone else other than you in the office?"

"William, which was the norm. He is, was, a workaholic."

"The defendant came to the office at eight o'clock?"

"Yes."

"Exactly at eight o'clock?"

"Yes."

"Accuracy is essential, Ms. Anderson because we only have your testimony against that of the defendant to establish a timeline. Someone," Larry paused and turned his head to Helen, just to remove any doubt the jury might harbor about who the 'someone' might be, "someone stole the office's November the sixth's CCTV footage. Someone also wiped all traces of it off the security servers."

"Objection, Your Honor." The public defender, Andrea McKinley, finally remembered that she had a client.

Larry went for his Little Bo-Peep face and raised his hands, palms up.

"Your Honor, my esteemed colleague is insinuating that the defendant had something to do with the stolen CCTV footage when—" the defender began.

"Your Honor, I've never said anything like that."

"...insinuating that my client had anything to do with the stolen CCTV when it's a well-established fact that she was locked behind bars when the CCTV footage went missing."

"Your Honor, it is also a well-established fact that the offender had accomplices."

"Objection, Your Honor! On—"

"Sustained!" Judge Henley signaled with his finger for Larry to approach the bench, then pushed the white noise machine's button, so their conversation would be private.

"How long have we known each other, Larry?"

"Eight years, Your Honor."

"I've heard you're running for DA next year."

"Yes, Your Honor."

"This is an important, high-profile case. A trial like this can give a nice boost to one's career."

Larry smiled. "Yes, Your Honor."

"You remind me of your dad, Larry, minus the finesse. He could pull tricks like you just did without anyone noticing. One of the best lawyers I've met. How is the old dog?"

"Still retired, still very happy about it, Your Honor."

"Do that again in my court, and I'll chop your balls off."

"Yes, Your Honor."

"Not figuratively. I'll slice your balls off and hang them on my belt."

"Yes, Your Honor."

Judge Henley switched his microphone back on. "The jury will disregard any comment about the stolen CCTV footage."

Larry tried to tone down his smile. He had no way of proving that Helen had anything to do with the stolen footage. However, it was now an established fact in the jury's minds. One cannot disregard what one already knows. "Back to you, Ms. Anderson. So, the defendant came to the office at eight?"

"Yes, I remember the time exactly. Helen came in when I punched my card going out. She asked me about the CEO meeting and how come William had set up a meeting to cancel Destiny Mall."

"Was she angry? Anxious?"

"Calm." Marianne shook her head. "Definitely calm. I remember being surprised because I thought she had a right to be frustrated. After all, Destiny Mall was her baby, and William was going to shoot it down again."

"What happened after that?"

"I went to my car, then to my embarrassment, I realized that I'd left my handbag on my desk."

"When was that?"

Marianne looked up as if she was trying to remember. "Around eight-thirty. Yeah, I drove back and reached the office again around eight-thirty. I went back up and heard loud voices coming from William's office. So, I went over to check out what the racket was all about and saw William shouting at Helen."

"Saw?"

"His office's walls are transparent, so unless someone pulls down the shades, you can see everything that's going on inside."

"Did they see you?"

"William probably did. I was in the hallway, and Helen was sitting with her back to me, so she wasn't aware that I had returned to the office."

"What were they arguing about?"

"They weren't. William was shouting, his face red. I have never seen him like that. He looked so angry."

Larry nodded. "And Helen?"

"She was taking it rather calmly. I remember thinking back then how odd it was. I mean I would have died on the spot if I were in her shoes. But Helen remained calm."

"I see. What then?"

"I wanted to creep back to my office because I felt it was an embarrassing moment for her. For both of them."

"Did the defendant raise her voice?"

Marianne shook her head. "No. Helen appeared calm. She never spoke."

"What happened then?"

"Helen..." Marianne breathed deep. She wiped her eyes a few times.

"That's okay. Take your time, Ms. Anderson. I understand that it was very traumatic."

"William had been like a father to me."

Larry nodded and waited silently for the tearful woman to compose herself. "What happened then?" he asked in a tender voice.

"I still... I still have nightmares. Helen, Helen picked up William's knife, the one he kept on his desk, and stabbed him in the chest."

"Just like that? He didn't attack her or anything?"

"In cold blood. I've never dreamed a person could do that to another human being. Like stepping on a bug."

Larry waited for the chatter to die down, happy to note that her words had the desired effect on the jury. Judge Henley banged his gavel.

"What did you do?"

"It happened so fast. Helen simply picked up the knife and stabbed William before he could react. She then grabbed him by his collar. He tried to fight her, but she just held the knife until he collapsed on the floor."

"You must have been in shock."

"I've never been more afraid in my life."

"And what did you do?"

"I was too scared to confront an armed ex-Marine empty-handed. I wanted to, but I was too scared."

Larry went for a sympathetic tadpole face. He wasn't a great actor, and he ended looking like he'd eaten sushi for the first time in his life, mistook the Wasabi for a green candy, and went for a mouthful. "I can assure you that no one is judging you, Ms. Anderson. What happened then?"

"I called security and the emergency services, then I hid in my office."

Kevin lost faith in God that day in court. If there was a big guy in the sky looking down, then he should have smitten her already.

-- 

Kevin lifted his head from his newspaper and watched the unfolding drama.

Iman fidgeted at the indoor pool's edge. She wore a white, one-piece swimsuit and red water wings. It looked ridiculous because she was twenty and tall as Helen. The young woman balanced herself on the ladder's first step and shook her head vigorously. Her swimming instructor cajoled her to get in with him.

The instructor, Aleki, a chubby Samoan flashing several gang tattoos, slapped the water's smooth surface. "Come on. I'll buy you ice cream."

Iman shook her head.

"Chocolate ice cream."

"I don't want ice cream."

"Nothing to be afraid of. The water barely reaches your tits."

"I don't want to."

"Just dip your toe. Come on, just the tip." He winked at Kevin.

Kevin felt like dipping Aleki's head underwater for an hour. Making someone as innocent as Iman the butt of a sexual joke was taking bullying to a new level. Kevin loathed bullies.

Iman dipped her toe and pulled it back.

"Well?"

She shook her head.

Aleki lost what little patience he had. "Fine. Go back to the little girls' side. I'll tell Nadine that you're a stubborn ass."

Iman ignored his rebuke and happily ran over to the shallows where Kevin was reading a small article about Helen's trial. Iman waved at him, and he blew her an air-kiss.

"What a spoilt little..." Aleki fished his massive body out of the water and grabbed a towel.

"She's just scared, and she doesn't trust you," Kevin said in a low voice. "You need to gain her trust first."

"It's like teaching a cow to ride a bicycle."

"Dude, she's right there; there's nothing wrong with her ears."

"So fucking what? The retarded bitch doesn't understand anything." He turned and waved at Iman. "Hello, mush-for-brains, give a big smile for Daddy."

Iman ignored him and kept paddling her legs in the water.

"See?" He slapped Kevin with the towel. "The lights are on, but nobody's home."

Even when you grew up, there were always Justin Murphys. Kevin thought he'd jump him, but he didn't want to frighten Iman. "Dude, you gotta stop being an asshole, right now!"

"Or what? You're gonna run and tell on me? Mommy Nadine, Aleki was mean to me."

Kevin rose to his feet in a flash, but Aleki raised his hands and backed down. "It's not that I can't skull-fuck you, boy, but I know better than to break the boss' favorite fuck toy."

"I won't tell Nadine. I'll go straight to Brigitte."

Aleki mimed a blowjob and walked out the door, but Kevin noted with some satisfaction that his brown face had paled to a few shades whiter.

Iman smiled when he jumped into the pool, and she sprayed him with water, but he saw through her bluff and gave her a loving hug. His tenderness took her by surprise, and she started crying softly. Kevin seriously considered asking Brigitte to have a talk with Aleki.

"He's always so mean," she sobbed. "It's not okay."

"You're right, it's not."

"I've never said anything to make him so nasty."

"Some people feel bigger when they make someone else feel small. I guess he feels bad about himself so he needs someone like you to hurt. "

"Like me? You mean stupid?"

"Hey! Not true!"

"It is. Everyone says so."

"Nobody does."

"Only because they're scared of Nuni. When she's not around, they say horrible things. And it's true. I am stupid. I can't even be taught how to read and write."

Kevin wiped her tears with his palm. "No, it's not like that. Not by a long shot. I meant that people like Aleki only hurt people as sweet as you. Someone who's too gentle to hurt them back."

"I can hurt him. I can tell Nuni that he called me a retard." Iman sniffed. "Only then she'd be really mean to him, and I hate it when she does that."

Kevin kissed her cheek, then gently peeled off her water wings. "You don't need those. Let's go deeper into the pool; I'll teach you how to swim."

"But I can't."

"Sure you can. My mom taught my little brother and me to swim. She worked as a part-time swimming instructor when I was a kid, and she told me everyone can be taught."

"I can't."

"Bullshit!" Since he left home, Kevin had worked hard at hiding his bible-belt roots. However, several words made his accent jump out.

"Bullshit!" Iman imitated him, and they both laughed. "You don't think I'm too stupid?"

"I know you're not stupid, period. And that's the last time I hear you call yourself ugly names. You're my friend, and I don't like people badmouthing my friends."

"Sorry."

He waded into the deeper water, holding her hand, then showed her how to grab the pool's edge.

"First thing you've got to learn is that water isn't scary. Just dip your head between your arms and make bubbles."

He showed her. "If you can only dip your mouth, that's okay."

Iman tried. It wasn't hard.

"Excellent!" Kevin clapped. "Now try a little deeper, as much as you feel comfortable with."

She was a quick learner and very eager to hear his compliments. An hour later, she managed several strokes that took her from the edge all the way to Kevin's arms. When she reached him, she gave him a kiss on his cheek and one on his lips that surprised him and made her giggle.

"What just happened?" he cried.

"I think I swam."

"Oh my God, I think you're right," he said. "'I'll never learn to swim, Kevin, I'm too stupid.'"

"Bullshit!" she said, imitating his accent, and they both laughed.

"I've never heard of someone learning to swim so fast. You must be super-smart."

"Bullshit!"

He crossed his eyes, making her laugh again. "That's enough swimming for one day."

"Promise we'll continue tomorrow, Kev?"

"I promise."

"You have your testimony tomorrow." Nadine was watching them with an odd smile from the pool's edge. "He won't have time tomorrow, sweetie."

Iman stuck out her tongue at her.

"We'll find the time, don't worry," he told Iman.

"You're like a magician." Nadine wrapped him in a towel when he got out of the pool after Iman ran off to take a shower. "I've never seen her so happy."

"You've got to stop talking to her like a little girl."

"What?"

"You heard me."

"I'm not—"

"Your sister is twenty."

"I'm not—"

"Yes, you are." The anger in his voice caught her by surprise, and she took a step back. "Stop talking above her head, Nadine. That's the exact mistake people made with Ben. His Down syndrome caused a severe speech impediment. People reacted when he spoke, and I could see him flinch every time they did. So, he kept his mouth shut around strangers. People thought that because he couldn't express himself, he couldn't understand them. But he understood everything. And he could understand what they were not saying too. And every time he did, I saw him get hurt. Stop treating her like a child."



"She's more like a teenager now. Rebellious just for the sake of annoying me."

"Maybe she's fed up! How would you like it if people treated you like you don't count?"

"I'm... It's tough nowadays to even know what she wants. She says one thing and means another."

"No, it's not. She wants the same as everyone else, Nadine. To feel safe, to feel like she belongs, to feel valued, and to feel loved. It's not that complicated. How come she can't read?"

"She's very stubborn."

"Bullshit!" Kevin stomped. "Ben learned to read and write when he was six. My mom and dad sat with him for hours every day. She doesn't have Down syndrome."

"The doctors predicted she'll have an eight-year-old's mental age."

"Bullshit! She's way beyond that. Time to have her assessed again."

"Okay, okay."

"It's amazing, you're drowning in money, and the person you care for the most suffers from neglect."

"Okay, just don't get mad."

"And stop using employees as caregivers and teachers. What can she learn from Madam Hulk or Aleki? You have enough money to hire normal teachers. Qualified people."

"Well, Cecilia can be gentle— All right, all right!" she said when he frowned. "Don't yell at me. Jeez. People might think we're lovers." She pulled him close and gave him a kiss on his neck. "Thanks, Kev."

"What for?"

"For being you," she said. "You know you're safe here, right? You belong here. You're very much valued and that last thing you said, well, that too. Very much."

Kevin nodded, and Nadine felt like crying or kneeing his balls. He didn't use the opportunity to tell her he had feelings for her too. Swallowing her pride was becoming a habit around him. "When is the court session?"

"Twelve."

"Nervous?"

"Happy. At least someone will tell the truth. That defense lawyer they gave her is totally useless."

No matter how much she tried to get inside Kevin, there was always that one wall she couldn't breach: Helen. Nadine hated her. "I thought you were a prosecution witness, Kev?"

"I have no idea why he's calling me to the stand. Maybe he believes I'll support Marianne's version of events. He's deluded. Marianne is a fucking liar!"

"How do you know?"

"Helen didn't murder anyone, and she didn't steal anything."

"She didn't cheat on you either?"

"I don't know anymore." Kevin rubbed his blond spikes with the towel. "I was shitfaced and super angry when we last talked. I've never heard her side of the story."

"I told you she was into Lace Boys."

"Okay, maybe she did cheat. I'm—" Kevin's eyes narrowed. He gave her a thorough scan, and Nadine felt herself doing something she hadn't done in years. She blushed.

"Be honest, Nadine. Those photos of her and your Lace Boy?"

"Dima."

"Did you ask him about it? Did you have anything to do with—?"

"No!" She cut him off, hoping he wouldn't see through the bluff. "I've told you already, that was Suzan Owens. That was her thing."

"Fucking with my life?"

"Blackmail through embarrassing photographs. My business is super discreet; I wouldn't have clients if it weren't. Remember that time in Sin's basement when she had you videoed?"

"But why Helen?"

Nadine shrugged, but her heart skipped several beats. Kevin wasn't stupid, and she dreaded the day he got to compare versions with Helen. She'd be forced to do multiple loops and flip-flops when it finally happened. "Maybe Suzan blackmailed Helen? Maybe Helen worked for her and didn't deliver, and she wanted to put pressure on her through you?"

"Don't you Syndicate people know who works for whom?"

"It's not an organization, Kev. I run my own gang, Brigitte runs her own project, and Suzan, may her rotten soul rot in hell, used to run her own thing. The Syndicate coordinates. Makes sure certain territories aren't breached. Law and order."

"And executions."

"That's Brigitte's job, not mine."

"So you're saying Helen worked for Suzan, and she lied to me the whole time?"

Nadine watched the curve of Kevin's mouth. She was always hungry to taste it. She hated herself for being so weak, and yet it excited her. "Maybe? I don't know."

"I refuse to believe that Helen is a liar."

"She is a liar. Since when is cheating on the person who loves you not lying?"

--

Their eyes met across the courtroom, and Kevin shuddered. Nadine reminded him several times on the way to court that Helen was the one who broke his heart, but one look, and everything she meant to him resurfaced. All he wanted was to tell all these respectable people—jury, judge, cops, and prosecutor included—to go fuck themselves, and to run over and kiss her. Anything to ease the hurt he saw there.

"She was my landlord."

"Don't look at her, look at me." Larry Hannan, the prosecutor, smiled at Kevin. "She can't harm you anymore."

"Helen never hurt me."

The smile disappeared. "When did you and the defendant first meet?"

"In July."

"In her house?"

"Yes."

"She summoned you to a meeting because you were late on your rent, am I correct?"

"Five months late. Six, actually." Kevin nodded slowly. He thought the prosecutor was going to ask questions about Helen's job, and he didn't like the direction his inquiry was taking.

"Why didn't you pay on time?"

"I didn't have the money."

"You had your tuition to pay for, you had to support yourself, and you also had to support your family back then?"

"I should have paid. My personal issues were irrelevant."

"But a decent landlord might have cut you some slack."

"Six months is a lot of rent."

"Not for someone as well-off as the defendant." Larry switched his unpleasant smile back on again. "She offered you a deal. She offered to wipe out the debt in return for something. Well, an offer is hardly the correct term." Larry turned to the jury. "What person would throw his family under the bus? She didn't really give you any choice, did she? Can you tell this court what she wanted in return?"

"Ob-objection!" Kevin stammered. "It's irrelevant."

Larry gave him the sort of smile the teacher reserves for the stupidest kid in class. Kevin had just attempted to outsmart the teacher and fell on his ass trying.

"It's actually a good objection." Judge Henley was happy to wipe that smile off. "I too fail to see the relevance."

"Your Honor, my esteemed colleague, in her opening statement, presented the defendant as a normal member of society. Not just normal but a decorated war hero. A respected and valued member of society who managed to climb the corporate ladder despite the prejudice. A role model for the American dream. The prosecution would like to show that for the defendant, extortion and blackmail are a way of life."

"You may proceed, but tread carefully, Counselor."

"Okay, Mr. O'Brien, let me refresh your memory. Did the defendant force you, in return for wiping your debt clean, to prostitute yourself to her little sister?" Larry's smile turned smug. He knew that the initial deal's headline said 'boyfriend,' but prostitute sounded way juicier. Listening to the crowd whispering, he mentally patted his shoulder. He was a matador about to give the coup de grace.

"It, it was nothing like that. I'm not a prostitute. Helen never asked me to do anything like that."

"What then?"

"It's a lie."

"Mr. O'Brien, let me remind you that you're testifying under oath."

"Everything is a lie! Everything you're saying about her. Everything that liar said," Kevin pointed at Marianne in the back row. "Helen never hurt anyone."

"Your Honor, I would have to request at this point to instruct the witness to answer the question."

"Son," Judge Henley looked somber, "I understand that this is a difficult moment for you. However, if you continue along this path, I will be forced to find you in direct criminal contempt. It means you will be sent to jail, young man."

Kevin buried his face in his hands. He had hoped his testimony might offer a straw that Helen so much needed, and instead, he just hammered another nail into her coffin.

-- 

Kevin brooded on the courthouse steps, wrapped in a dark blanket that didn't protect against the December chill. Bored-looking city workers in orange helmets and yellow coats were nonchalantly erecting a Christmas tree in the small square nearby, and the courthouse wall was already decorated by a mesh of colorful blinking lights. But the world felt like a big shadow was cast over it, and Kevin couldn't see a single beam of light. He wouldn't be surprised if the city workers planted Sauron's revolving eye on top of the Christmas tree.

He'd never felt more alone in his life.

"Kevin O'Brien?"

He looked up at the unfamiliar gaunt figure offering his hand. A small head with a Jockey cap, and a weird checked jacket. "I'm Frank White, from the Daily Independent."

"A reporter?"

The man pulled out a small digital recorder. "Do you have time for a short interview?"

"No, he doesn't." Brigitte idled her motorcycle at the foot of the courthouse steps. "Kev, you coming?" Nadine always made sure he was escorted to and from the Astor mansion. She said it was for his own protection, but he suspected that she also didn't trust him enough to come back.

The tall man turned to her, holding the recorder like a shield. "I didn't ask you. I asked him."

"I'm answering."

"And who might you be?"

Brigitte slowly got off the motorcycle, walking a bit stiffly on her injured leg. "I'm the girl who's gonna shove that recorder up your ass if you don't make yourself invisible in three seconds. One."

The reporter was as tall as she was, but a single look into her eyes, and his balls shriveled to the size of olives. He strutted off, mumbling something noncommittal about bitches.

"Dude, I said no interviews." Brigitte shoved a short, slim man who reached out for Kevin.

"Brigitte, that's my dad." Kevin jumped to his feet.

"Oh, fuck. Sorry, Kevin's dad."

"Hey." Finn tried a faint smile.

Kevin nodded, then turned five again.

Since his mother's and little brother's death, the roles were reversed. Finn almost drowned under his depression and the doctors' bills as his feeble heart betrayed him. Kevin adopted the responsible adult role in their relationship. He struggled to hold his father's head above water, providing both financial and emotional support. Now the roles had reverted to the natural order of things. Father and son did something they hadn't done in years. Finn reached out and hugged him tightly to his chest.

They stayed like that for a long time. Finn's arms were a shield. It felt like a beloved sweater Kevin used to wear, and now he wondered why the hell he ever stopped wearing it. Different than anything his mother ever offered but still something he needed—an island of warmth and support in the darkness that surrounded him.

"Are you his personal bodyguard?" Finn asked Brigitte.

"Yeah...no."

"It's nice how you parked your bike on a court of law's steps in a no parking zone."

Brigitte's eyes narrowed. "Problem?"

"No, I like your thinking outside the box. Is it okay if I borrow my son for dinner?"

Brigitte shrugged. "Call me when you're done, Kev. I'll send someone to pick you up."

"Interesting lady," his dad said when she drove off. "Who is she?"

"Brigitte." Kevin tried to come up with a proper way to describe who was she and her role in his life, and he failed. He and his dad lived on different planets these days.

Finn picked a small place on a side street because it was called the Happy Sardine, and sardines were his favorite bait for his favorite pastime—sea bass fishing. A frenetic host in a skimpy Santa outfit looked ecstatic when they entered her small diner.

"Did you make a reservation on our Sardine-OpenTable app?"

Kevin looked around. There were only two occupied tables. "No."

She looked genuinely disappointed. "Sit wherever you like. If you download our app and order through it, then dessert will be on the house."

"Hungry?" Finn asked, and Kevin shook his head. "We'll just have a Guinness."

"Anything else?"

"A refill." Finn always kept a straight face, even when he was jerking around. "I have no idea what people did before there were iPhones and apps. I've asked my twenty-five brothers and sisters, and none of them knew either."

Kevin laughed, and there was some sting to it because it was another thing they hadn't done for a long time. He inherited his love for humor from his father. Samantha never told jokes. But Kevin, Ben, and Finn used to spend hours together on the beach, making fun of everyone and everything.

"Remember that Christmas morning when we met Old Bob on the pier?" His father smiled. "And Ben wanted to see Bob's tail and his bells, and we had no idea why on earth he was certain that Bob had a wagging tail tucked up in his jeans?"

Kevin laughed. Only a lengthy inquiry revealed that Ben took "Jingle Bells" literally, and he thought that 'Bells on bobtails ring' was a reference to their fisherman neighbor, Bob.

His father sighed. "What's going on with you, Kev?"

"I'm okay."

"No, you're not."

"No, I'm not."

"I've read everything there is to read about the trial."

"Helen never did any of the things they say she's done."

His father gulped the Guinness down to half in one go, and Kevin followed suit. Drinking as if it were the first drink he'd had in years. It was a tradition. The O'Briens' roots lay in Derry, Northern Ireland, and Finn took his Guinness-drinking seriously.

"Do you love this woman, Kevin?"

"I broke up with Helen...well, sort of."

"That's not what I asked."

"I don't know anymore. Sometimes I wish I had never met her in the first place."

"I've met her, and I believe you when you say she's innocent. She seemed like a decent person." Finn gulped down the remaining beer and asked for a refill. "There was one thing she told me, though, that was hard to listen to."

"About Diana?"

"She said you somehow blame yourself for your mother's death."

"I should have—"

"Your mother had made her own choices long ago, Kevin."

"I—"

"And none of them had anything to do with you. Driving in a storm to meet Roy on that cursed day was her choice and her choice alone." His father shook his head. "I never want to hear that it was somehow your fault. Never!"

"Dad, I—"

"I've sold the shop, Kev."

"What?"

"And most of the equipment, and the house, and the restaurant. Should have done it a long time ago. I paid Diana everything I owed her."

Kevin stared at him, shocked. Everything he'd gone through to keep his dad on his feet was for naught. "How will you...?"

"I'll manage. I've found a job running an electronics shop. I've still got a working brain and my work ethic. It's time for you to start living your own life, Kev."

Kevin wanted to tell him that the gesture came too late, but he choked. "I did everything, so you could keep your business."

"You never asked me what I wanted." Finn reached over and touched his son's hand. "You decided on your own that the world was sitting on your shoulders. That somehow things were your fault. You lied whenever I asked you if the payments were too much. It kills me to think that you forced yourself to be with that woman. I would have never let it happen."

"I wanted to protect you."

"You remind me of her so much."

"Remind you of whom?"

Finn gulped down on his beer and smiled. "You share more than just purple eyes. Your mother married me so you could grow up in a real family. She wanted to shield you from poverty."

Kevin closed his eyes. "You're saying I'm the source of her and your misery?"

Finn shook his head. "You don't understand anything, Kev. Your mother loved Pastor Roy Anderson when she married me, that's true. But she loved you a million times more. You were our source of joy, not our misery. You know who else loved you right from the very beginning?"

"Who?"

"I did."

Kevin opened his eyes.

"The moment you came out into this world. The nurse placed you on your mother's bosom. You opened those big purple eyes and blinked into the light, right at me, and I knew immediately. I didn't care whose child you were, you were mine. It was a done deal."

Kevin stared at the frail man who sat across the table. When he'd lived back home, he took Finn's love for granted.

"You're not me, and you're not her. I've watched you grow up to be a man, and I'm so proud of you, son. You still are and always will be my joy and my pride, not my misery. Don't make the same mistakes as your mother and I did. Don't spend your life on what-ifs. If you love this woman, then you should fight for her."

-- 

It was like a never-ending rollercoaster. One day she was high, only to plummet a day later into dark despair. Kevin's outburst in court was an injection of pure joy. He hadn't forgotten about her. He still had feelings for her, she was sure. But yesterday her attorney, Andrea McKinley, came to talk to her about her testimony. She used their meeting to try and convince Helen to opt for a plea bargain.

"The police have found no CCTV image of you leaving the hotel." Andrea had an annoying habit of playing with her glasses when she talked, bouncing them on her knee or chewing one of the temples.

"How is that even possible?" Helen raised her voice but then toned it down because the FBI agent supervising the procedure stopped looking bored. He narrowed his eyes, maybe speculating whether the one-eyed murderer was going to blow up. "There are thousands of CCTV cameras in the city, and it's a half an hour drive. One must have caught my Audi on its way to the office. They couldn't have possibly stolen all the footage."

"No footage, Helen. And without the office's security footage there is nothing to back up your version of events."

"You don't believe me, do you? You think I've murdered my boss."

"What I think is irrelevant. I'm just trying to give you the best counsel, and the chances don't look good, Helen. Take the plea."

"Twenty years?"

"I may be able to cut it to eighteen. You'll be out in less than fifteen."

"I'd be forty-five and a convicted murderer."

"Beats being sentenced to life with no parole. Plus, there is always the remote possibility that the prosecution will play the special circumstances card."

"What special circumstances?

"Like murder planned and carried out for financial gain."

"What does that mean?"

"Special circumstances is the prerequisite for the death penalty in the state of California."

--

Kevin dialed the number.

"Hello?" The familiar dark mezzo-soprano, a beautiful voice. She could sing like an angel and sting like a nasty wasp.

He paused on his end, suddenly shy. "Ginger?"

"Speaking."

"It's Kevin."

"Kevin from Brax— Oh..." She remembered, and it was her turn to go for a ten-second trip to Awkward Street. "How are you doing, Kev?"

"Great! Just great."

"Yeah, I've heard about Helen. I'm so sorry."

"Me too."

There was another embarrassed pause.

"They're killing her, Ginger."

"Who is?"

"In court. Her attorney is a useless, good-for-nothing joke. They're making her look like a Charles Manson and Bernie Madoff combination."

"She should replace him then."

"Her. That's why I've called."

"I...I'm, my firm, we're personal injury specialists with a small criminal department. But you know what? Let me get back to you—"

"You're a criminal lawyer, Ginger."

"Me?"

"Yeah."

There was an embarrassed laugh on her side of the phone. "Kev, I just received my bar-exam results. My license is exactly a week old. Helen needs a big shark from a well-known firm, not someone fresh out of law school."

"I don't have any money to pay for an attorney, shark or small fry."

"Helen's rich."

"Her bank accounts are frozen." 


"Why?"

"The FBI is investigating the fraud on Richardson and Williams. Every asset she owns is frozen because they say she's in the middle of it all. She doesn't have any money, or anyone to borrow money from."

"Who's representing her then?"

"A completely useless idiot appointed for her by the state of California."

"I don't know what to say."

"Say yes. Because I'm desperate, and I'm calling on the debt you owe me. I know it's a lot, but I'm desperate. I'm...I don't have anyone else. You're my only hope."

-- 

When she was young, Helen used to go to the riverbank, dig a hole, cover it with a blanket and hide inside. She called the game 'I'm happy,' and she used to play it whenever real life became too nasty. In jail, she fell back to old habits. There was little else to do. She imagined she was back in Slovenia with Kevin, sleeping naked on the huge bed. On Christmas evening, she was trying to remember what his eyes looked like when he said he loved her, but her cellmates didn't allow her the luxury. Seven people crammed into a 55-square-foot cell doesn't leave room for any privacy.

It didn't help that her cellmates decided to celebrate Christmas by making a porn film with all the available males in their cell, meaning Aziz. There was a lucrative market for illegal porn.

The director-producer-slash-photographer was a girl named Gaen. The new futa in their cell was a chubby Haitian who replaced the snitch planted by the FBI. Dominicans and Haitians shared an island and years of hatred, but here in the US jail, old animosities were replaced by mutual interests.

Gaen pulled out a smartphone, and Helen suddenly became very interested. She didn't know her cell had the forbidden item. "Hey, can you use it to call outside the jail?"

Gaen stared at her like she was seeing a green Martian, then burst out laughing. "It costs ten noodle packs to make a call, one minute. Special price just for you, Barbie."

"I have one."

"That's your version of haggling?"

"I don't know how to haggle, Gaen."

"You know, for someone who said she used to be a big boss, you're really stupid, Barbie."

"Okay. How about that call then?"

"Ten packs, Barbie. All right, Aziz," Gaen put on her director face. "Underwear off, get onto your hand and knees on the floor, no, on your stomach. Okay, now Daria, stand above him, legs spread, beautiful. I'll do a photoshoot first." Daria, a futa girl with mocha-colored skin and hair like Diana Ross, stood naked with her legs spread over Aziz. A truly Amazonian huntress above her prey. "Aziz, try to look scared." Gaen gave instruction as if she was on a fashion show set and not in a maximum security jail. "Try looking scared, not like you're about to take a shit."

"Where do you want me?" Josephine said.

Helen figured that another jail would be an excellent choice. Gaen thought so, too, by the look on her face.

"Aziz, rise up on your elbows and place your chin in your hands. Nice. Now smile."

She took several more pictures like that with her smartphone. Aziz beneath the naked Amazonian on his belly with his legs bent at the knees; on hands and elbows; on hands and knees; on his knees with his forehead touching the floor. On his back, legs up in the air, stroking his cock, spreading his ass cheeks to the camera. Smiling seductively, showing playfulness, and desire, then finally cradling Daria's cock and kissing it.

"You know what could be hot, Daria? You and Barbie posing naked above Aziz. Ebony and ivory. Hey, Barbie, how would you like to be in a film? I'll give you a discount on your phone call."

Helen struggled with herself. If she could just hear Kevin's voice.

"Come on, Barbie. Nothing too lewd, and you'll get to pound Aziz."

"I'll pass." Helen really wanted that phone, but she had her limits.

"A phone call just went up to fifteen packs. Special price for prude bitches who think themselves better than everyone else."

"Do you want me to pose, Gaen?" Josephine said.

"Not yet."

"Nobody wants to see your ugly-ass heroin body," Daria said.

"Besame el culo, puta."

"Don't listen to her, I'm saving you for the best scenes. Now Aziz," Gaen pulled out a red sash from her personal belongings. "Take this and tie it around your cock and balls. Make it a bowtie. Like it's Christmas, and you're Daria's present."

"Fuck, no!"

"Pretty please with sugar on top. It's super-hot."

Mumbling profanities, Aziz wound the ribbon several times around his cock and balls, and then once around his balls to raise them. When he was done, Aziz tied a large bow atop his not so impressive member.

"Nice." Gaen took several pictures with and without Daria, then of Daria with her cock tied in the ribbon and Aziz untying his Christmas gift and looking mighty pleased with it. "Daria, get on the bed, on your back. Aziz, you go sit on her reverse cowboy. But slowly, and pretend like you really want it but it's painful. Say stuff like 'It's too big.' Like it's your first time. We're gonna call this one Inmate First-Time Anal. Try to act the part."

"I don't have to pretend. She's massive."

"Nah, I'm built like a little baby down there." Daria slapped his ass. "Seven pounds."

Daria lay down on her back, licking her lips and stroking her stiffening cock. It wasn't very impressive length-wise, but it was thick as a Coca-Cola can. Aziz complied and slowly lowered himself, wincing when the bulbous head touched his crack.

"Now just do what you would do naturally. Quiet on the set!" Gaen shouted, then peeked nervously at Valerie. Nobody shouted at the cell's boss, not even the guards. Lucky for her, Valerie appeared more interested in Sofia's cooking. "And action!"

Daria spat on her hand and rubbed her saliva all over her cock, which made it glisten. She spat again on her hand, and with one finger, she began to massage his butt.

Aziz hissed as she slipped it inside. She smiled, working her finger in and out, steadily making wet sounds as her finger entered and exited him. She added another finger after a minute and began rotating her fingers clockwise and counterclockwise as if she were trying to screw and unscrew her fingers in his tunnel.

"Are you ready?"

Nervously, he nodded.

Her hand guided her monstrous member to line up with his hole. After a moment, it nestled there, its thickness parting his cheeks and pressing gently against his core. Then she began to pull him down.

"Ugh," Aziz grunted. He wasn't acting—the pressure she brought wasn't something he was used to. A moment later his trained hole gave in. "Argh!"

It had taken only a few seconds, and her head was inside. Her hard cock was claiming him. She rubbed his ass, then sat up and with her other hand circled around and rubbed his tummy. She looked like a vet trying to ease a skittish dog.

"Good boy," she whispered. Gaen thought it was hot and signaled her to up the volume. "Good boy." Daria kissed the back of Aziz's neck.

His ass cried out in protest, and it tried to fight the invader, contracting and stretching. Gaen filmed a close-up of the stretched-tight ring. She bit her lip and silently mouthed, "Hot."

"Shh, it's okay, baby," Daria said softly, reaching out one hand to stroke his cheek. "Just breathe and relax. This is the worst bit, just hold on for me, and it'll ease off."

Breathing slowly, Aziz clenched and released the fists he was making, trying to relax. Looking up at Josephine didn't help. She wore the expression of a rabid mastiff who had just sniffed a bitch in heat.

"See?" Daria said, "Nothing to it. Now we can start having fun."

Aziz rolled his eyes.

"Okay! Since this is your first time with a girl like me, you must try and remember to relax." Daria sounded cheerful. She pressed her hips upward.

"Daria, you're massive," he groaned. "Go slower." He didn't look like he was acting.

"Shh, it's okay, baby," she said, rubbing his stomach again. "Just breathe and relax. You're doing well. So well. Your ass feels amazing around my cock."

"Your cock stings."

"I know baby, I know, but it'll pass." She pulled him down. "Just a little more."

Aziz reached down past his flaccid member. He could feel that a length of her thick shaft was still exposed.

"No! Bad boy!" Daria slapped his hand away.

"Oh, God," he mumbled.

"You can call me Daria for short."

"You're so big."

"Mmm, you're squeezing my cock so nicely, baby. Like you never want to let me go." She let out a long sigh, and then pressed up while pulling him in a single fluid movement, burying herself inside him.

"Aargh!" Aziz groaned as he was filled entirely, and for a moment he could hardly breathe. She was entirely inside him, her massive cock occupying every nook and cranny of his ass. Her dark pubic hair mingled with his.

"You're such a good little bottom bitch, Aziz," Daria said. "My cute little bitch. How does my big fat dick feel inside you?"

"Agghh!"

Gaen gave them a thumbs-up. "Excellent!" she mouthed.

"You like it. Admit it to the camera, baby."

"I...I love it," he gasped, looking up into the smartphone. "Please...you're so big."

Without warning, she quickly lifted him. Her pole's withdrawal seemed to suck at his insides as the thickness tugged and nudged at him as it went. Gaen made another close-up of the stretching and folding rectum.

Daria held him up for a second and then, just as unceremoniously, she thrust back in again, her hips and balls tapping firmly against him.

"Oh, God."

"Oh, I'll make you see God." In moments, Daria started working up a steady rhythm of shallow thrusts into him, while lifting and lowering him on her shaft. His muffled gasps and moans were recorded by Gaen, and the flesh-on-flesh slaps echoed clearly around the cell.

"God, you're so tight," Daria said, giving him another kiss on his curls. "It's like you're trying to squeeze cum right out me."

Aziz bounced up and down, wincing at the camera, his forehead sweaty. He leaned forward, and his hands reached between his legs. He found her ball sack and started caressing it.

"You want to make my juice come out, baby? Can't wait for it?"

"You're ripping me apart, Dar."

"Nah, we're good, I think we're warmed up now. Let's take it up a notch." She lifted him all the way up until only her huge tip was inside, then slammed him back down.

"Aaaaah!" he gasped, his eyes rolling back as his insides exploded.

"That's it, baby," she said, sounding slightly breathy herself. "Moan for me."

"Excellent." Gaen kept recording.

Daria bounced him on her cock, reverse cowboy style, then licked his ear while she rotated her pelvis, penetrating him to the max, her cock deeply encased in his loving butt. She pulled on his chin, forcing him to turn his head as much as he could, and kissed him, moaning into his mouth. Her dark pubic hair was wet with his and her sweat as she stayed balls-deep inside him.

When he was out of air, she finally let him go and started bouncing him again on her thick flesh pole. Her hands clasped his thighs, and she leaned back, enjoying the sight of her cock moving in and out.

Josephine decided that 'saving her for the best parts' was just Gaen's way of blowing her off. She pushed the chubby Haitian aside. She unzipped her jumper and rubbed her growing cock and her ball sack in front of Aziz's eyes and the camera. "I want a piece of ass."

"Wait your turn," Daria growled. "Go stick a needle or something."

"I can't. I swore an oath to sweet Jesus."

Josephine's sole achievement in life was reaching twenty-one years. She suffered from a massive heroin abscess two weeks ago and had to go to the infirmary. Away from her drugs, she involuntarily went cold-turkey. When she returned, she swore the abscess was a sign from God. The young futa sold the drugs she had stashed in her mattress and now used the money to celebrate her freedom and returning libido with Aziz. Helen much preferred the high-as-a-kite version.

"You sure taking your sweet time, Daria. Just saying."

Daria hooked her hands under Aziz's thighs, lifting his legs, then pushed herself deep inside him. "Not everyone is a minuteman like you."

"Girls, girls," Gaen tried to pour cold water before the situation escalated. "You're ruining the film."

"Whatever." Josephine pushed the camerawoman again. "I'm gonna pound his ass till morning. You hear me, baby? I'm coming like a wrecking ball, hashtag me too so horny."

Aziz concentrated on the cock that was hammering him and closed his eyes.

"Look at the snake, Aziz." Josephine swayed her hips and jingled her purple-headed snake in front of his eyes. She squeezed it and wiped her hand on Aziz's chest. "Snake venom. People from India love snakes, no?"

"I'm not Indian."

"I've got nothing against Indians. I prefer brownish skin and dark curls."

"With your ugly mug, you should prefer boys with a pulse." Daria grabbed Aziz's hips and ground him on her cock.

"I'm from Lebanon, you idiots, and I'm an Arab, not an Indian."

"Liar, liar, cock on fire. You said you're a Christian," Josephine said.

"I am."

"You're a Muslim, estupido. How come you don't know what you are? Arabs are Muslims. Aloha backbar."

Aziz slapped his forehead.

Josephine grabbed both his ears and pulled him towards her rigid member. Her cock was already spewing pre-cum drops. She rubbed it against his lips, like an obscene gloss. Then she started rotating her pelvis, slapping his lips with it. Daria was still bouncing him up and down, and the spongy head hit everywhere else other than his mouth.

"Ouch!"

"Open up, bitch!"

Aziz decided that sucking was better than getting hit, and he opened his lips. She went all the way inside him, her cock creating a nice bulge in his throat, her pubes mashed against his lips.

"I'm gonna face-fuck him now, make sure you get this, Gaen," Josephine grunted. She grabbed his ears and brutally pushed her hips and pulled him onto her cock, not allowing him time to even breathe. His lips travelled her cock's length, and the bulge in his throat grew and diminished to her thrusts' rhythm. The cell became alive with slurping sounds.

It was brutal, but luckily for him, she was indeed a sharp-shooter. Twenty seconds after she had begun, Josephine pulled out. She rubbed her cock vigorously, aiming at him. Aziz howled his annoyance and tried to dodge, but he had very little wiggling space. He was still impaled, reverse cowboy style, on Daria's cock, and she held him down tight.

"Stop it!"

"Ah, ah, here it comes." Josephine ejaculated all over the poor man's face and decorated his hair until he looked like a Christmas tree. "Merry Christmas. Santa says you've been a good boy."

"Idiot."

Josephine slapped his cheek playfully and smeared her own goo all over her palm. "Shit." She wiped her hand on his thighs. "Now clean me." She shoved her cock in his face.

"Lemme clean me first."

"Okay," Daria said.

Aziz tried to pull up, and Daria allowed him to an extent. When only her cock's bulbous head remained in his ass, she pulled him down cruelly.

"Ow!" Aziz cried. "Be gentler."

"Let's sing some Christmas carols first," Josephine cried. "Hey, Barbie, know any Christmas songs?"

Helen ignored her.

"Okay, I'll start." Josephine pressed her soft cock's tip into Aziz's mouth. "All the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies."

Daria bounced Aziz in her lap to the rhythm of Beyoncé's Christmas carol.

"It's a fucking kindergarten." Valerie rolled her eyes at Helen and pulled another cigarette. "But what can you do? The little girls need to blow off steam, or they'll eat us alive."

Apropos of eating, Helen was famished, and it didn't help that Sofia used the bunk below her like an electrical heater for ramen noodles and sausages mix. The creative futa spliced an extension cord and hooked it to the metal desktop.

"Can I use that after you're done?" Helen dropped down off her bunk and held up her own Teriyaki Beef Flavor Chow pack to Sofia. She'd learned her lesson and kept it on her body after purchasing it.

"There are no free meals in here, Barbie." Valerie blew a smoke ring her way.

Helen wanted to disagree. For the Christmas meal, they were served corn, pie, a big Cornish hen, and some ice cream for dessert. Real treats. Someone stole her chicken under her nose, and Daria claimed the ice-cream because she said Helen 'owed her rent' for using the cell. She had seven girlfriends-slash-gang-members around her at the time, so Helen didn't feel like stating the obvious flaws in Daria's logic.

There were free meals if you were powerful and cruel enough to claim them at the expense of weaker individuals.

"I can buy more noodles next week with my salary." Helen's salary was fifty cents an hour these days, for sweeping floors and cleaning toilets. A single noodles pack was a two days' work due to price-gouging. Even the state's Department of Corrections was taking its pound of flesh. "I'll give you a pack next week."

"Next week is next week." Sofia shoveled equal portions into four plates, using a makeshift spatula made from a broken pan. "We don't accept credit, Barbie. Only hard cash. Do you want some, Patron?"

Valerie slapped her stomach and belched. "If I had room for sausage, I would stick a finger in."

"And cut! Dinner is served, ladies, merry Christmas," Sofia said, and the girls stopped playing. Daria pushed Aziz off her cock and slapped his ass playfully. The four girls sat down on the lower bunk to eat.

"Barbie, do you want some?" Josephine, still naked, hollered with a mouth full of noodles.

"Sure."

"I'll give you a plateful if you give me some salad tossing."

"What?"

"Licky, licky. I wanna feel that pretty tongue wiggling."

"I'll pass."

"Your loss, Barbie, it's super good. My ass, I mean, the noodles are shit. Sofia can't cook."

"Hey, put some here." Aziz took Helen's plate, daring her with a nasty stare to say anything.

"No free meals, boy."

"I just sucked your dick."

"You'll get your pay from the film revenues if Gaen can deliver on her promises." Josephine sniffed. "Which I doubt she can. My mom taught me that a sure teller for when a Haitian is going Clintonic on your ass is that his lips are moving."

Gaen was in the minority group, so she just glowered.

"But since Barbie is such a party pooper, you can take her place." Josephine lifted her legs in the air.

"Oh, for fuck's sake."

"No licking, no eating."

"Come on, Joe. Don't be like that."

Josephine smiled, slurped the air, then lifted her legs higher and pointed at her ass-crack.

"Shit!"

"Only if you insist, boy. I'm not so much into scat."

Daria and Sofia cheered as Aziz crawled on his knees between Josephine's long legs. She lifted them higher and allowed her thighs to rest on his shoulders. Her long cock and smooth balls plopped on his head. "Forget about the ass cheeks." She said when he started slobbering. "Stick your tongue right in." She squeezed his ears with her thighs. "Deeper!"

Aziz strained himself.

"Deeper!"

"Oh, fuck, I didn't think he'd do it," Gaen sniggered.

"Almost there. You don't get any noodles unless...yeah right there. That hit the spot. Keep going until you feel me bust a nut, then we can add some dressing to the salad."

"That's sick!" Daria said.

"Don't get jealous, puta, you can have sloppy seconds."

Helen shook her head and jumped back to her bunk. She wasn't in Kansas anymore.

"You know, Barbie, if it's cash that you want, you just need to agree to do that thing we talked about," Valerie said. "That will be worth a lot. I'd even give you a little advance, in the spirit of Christmas."

"Smuggling drugs into jail in my tummy? Sorry. Not my thing."


"Zero risks."

"First, there is a great risk in transferring drugs in your intestines. Second, even if there wasn't, I'm not a criminal."

"Just remember that we don't accept credit, Barbie. Only cash."

"I'll stay hungry then."

"Suit yourself."

The girls finished their meal, and even Aziz was given a portion which he gulped hungrily. But now Josephine became restless again. Helen hoped she'd just stick a heroin needle and stop being an all-round asshole.

"Cards?" Sofia suggested.

"Fuck that mierda." Josephine's long cock was rigid and pointing up again. "Let's do something in the spirit of Christmas. How about a hand puppet show?"

"A what?"

Josephine coated her hand with the Crisco oil Sofia used in her cooking. Vaseline was so prevalent in the futanari ward the jail shop usually ran out, and the girls had to improvise. She winked at Sofia, who grabbed Aziz's wrists and pulled him off the bed. She then slapped his butt.

"Oi!" he screamed.

The young futa formed her fingers into a cone shape, and she began gently but firmly pushing her hand into Aziz's gaping asshole.

"Fuck! Stop that!" he screamed. Gaen blocked his mouth with her palm and muffled his protests.

"Aren't you going to say something?" Helen said to Valerie.

The fat jail-boss shrugged. "They paid for an entire night's service."

"He's not really your property."

"Oh, Barbie, Barbie. I'm his Momma, and he's my boy."

"That's wrong."

"That's the lesser evil."

"Doesn't make it right."

"Do you think the little bitch can make it in the boys' section? He knows he can't, and the guards know it, and everyone is happy with the arrangement. By the way, if he decides to go back to being block seven's bitch instead of my bitch, then there will be boys waiting in line to take his place. Why do you think he's here in the first place?"

Josephine's long-fingered hand was sliding deeper inside the squirming Aziz. Any second his exhausted muscles would swallow her knuckles, and she would be up to her wrist inside him.

"Oh, fuck this is so sick," Sofia giggled. "Gaen, you gotta film this. This shit would blow up YouTube."

Gaen screamed as Aziz managed to bite down hard on her palm. He head-butted Sofia and jumped up. Sadly, Josephine's hand, still deep in his anus, made him fall on his face. Everyone could hear the thud as his head hit the floor. Snarling he got up, backing towards the cell's door. His forehead had a cruel reddening gash. The girls rose from their perch like a pack of hyenas smelling blood. Josephine giggled, and Gaen nursed her hand.

"Stop it!" Aziz screamed.

"Okay, that's enough, leave him alone." Helen jumped back down from her bunk. "He needs to go to the infirmary."

"Move aside, Barbie," Josephine said.

"Can't you see that he's scared?"

"Maybe you wanna be a puppet too. We can do a whole show, Barbie and Ken."

"No!"

Josephine pointed her thumb at the Dominican crest and cross tattooed above her left tit. "The Trinitarios. Do you know what this tattoo means, maricon?"

"Nope, but I know what this tattoo means." Helen bared her shoulder. "Semper Fi."

"What the fuck does that mean?"

"Forever faithful. I swore an oath."

"An oath to act stupid, puta?" Josephine was a head shorter than Helen; she compensated with viciousness. She charged, arms flailing, and Helen's palm connected with her Adam's apple, sending her back. Enraged, she rushed forward, fists in the air and a second later found herself writhing in pain on the floor. Helen's swift kick hit her dead-on between her legs in her naked balls.

"That was stupid, Barbie," Sofia growled. She and Daria tried to circle her from her right and left. Gaen stayed in the back. Josephine was a sad, whimpering lump on the floor.

"We went easy on you for the past weeks," Sofia spat.

"Easy? You treat me like shit."

"Wanna cry?"

"Thanks. Already did. A lot."

"We'll give you something real to cry about."

"You can't." Helen shook her head.

"You think?"

"I know. Because, Sofia, your nose is broken, and Daria is having a hard time using her hand."

"Huh?"

Helen feigned a lunge to the left, making Daria flinch and jump back, and in the same fluid motion, she was on Sofia. The tall Dominican punched but found only air. Helen's left hooked behind her neck and sent her tumbling forward into Helen's bunk's frame. Helen grabbed the stunned futa's head with both hands, turning her and forcing her head down while she kicked with her knee up, hard. There was a satisfying crunch as Sofia's nose caved in and she collapsed to the cold tiles.

Daria tried to intervene and got a fast kick to the stomach. Stunned, she attempted to raise her hands to stop Helen's incoming fist and got another perfect kick to the stomach. She protected her belly and received a satisfying fist to her chin. Then Helen's leg went up. Her prison boot connected with Daria's cheek, and the girl folded. Helen jumped on her back, locking Daria's arm and bending it. She kept her eye on Valerie, who was watching with interest but without any hint that she was about to interfere.

"You want some too?" Helen growled at Gaen. The chubby girl raised her hands, palms forward, and moved back to the bunk. She'd seen enough.

"Get off me, pendejo!" Daria groaned, her voice laced with pain.

"Will you play nice?"

"Get off me!"

Helen twisted Daria's arm almost to the breaking point.

"Let go, let go, I'll be nice."

Helen let her go. Josephine stood up on wobbly legs, ready for round two, but Valerie finally decided that enough was enough. "Chill, everyone." She raised her hand.

"But the bitch—"

"Had every right to kick your sorry ass. This stops now!" She raised her voice, and Josephine flinched like a dog that had just received a kick.

Helen banged on the cell's door.

"So it turns out that Barbie isn't really prey," Valerie said. "You served in the Marines?"

Helen ignored her and banged again on the cell's door. "Guard!" she hollered.

"What are you doing?"

"He needs to see a doctor." She nodded at Aziz who was sitting stunned on the floor, his forehead bloody. "Sofia needs a doctor too; her nose is broken. Aziz, do you need me to help you get dressed?"

David unlocked the cell door a minute later, followed by another guard. "What the fuck happened here? Put some clothes on, for fuck's sake." Aziz was half-naked and bleeding. Sofia's nose and mouth were gushing; she'd lost a tooth and looked dazed. Both Daria and Josephine were still naked, and everyone but Valerie looked like they had just been in a fight.

"We had some Christmas fun." Valerie winked. "The girls did an acapella performance of Jingle Bells. Aziz and Sofia danced. Beautiful. Long story short, the dummy fell on his face, and she fell on top of him. Funny shit. You should have seen it."

"I didn't ask you." David turned to Helen.

Helen blushed. "I was asleep."

"Nice. Blended right in."

"What?"

"You're now officially part of the didn't-do-nothing-didn't-see-nothing gang. I dared to hope that you were different, Helen. Will, you be so kind and help me get this poor idiot to the infirmary?"

Helen nodded and helped Aziz back on his feet. "Thanks," she said quietly.

"What for?"

"That's the first time anyone in here called me Helen instead of Inmate, Barbie, or Bitch."

One minute after Aziz, Helen, and Sofia were on their way to the infirmary, Josephine was blowing full steam again. "Did you see that?" she roared at Valerie.

"You raise your voice at me one more time, and you'll see that, all right."

"Sorry, Patron." Josephine struggled to compose her face and to tone down her voice. Valerie's bite was way worse than her bark. "But she showed you disrespect."

"She showed that the three of you are little bitches with big yappers. You're lucky I stopped her."

"If she talks and this gets out, then we lose face."

"I wouldn't worry too much about Barbie. The Malecon familia put a contract on her head. Big money. "

"What?"

Valerie decided that Josephine was more trouble to keep than she was worth. The drug addict would OD one of these nights. "Some Syndicate bitch called Suzan Owens wants her gone."

"I thought the Syndicate was a fairy tale for kids."

"That's why I'm a boss, and you're a soldier."

"Are we gonna...?"

Valerie nodded. "Usually I'd say no, but the Syndicate is the big boys' league. It's too good an opportunity to miss."

"You want me to? Tonight?" Josephine dragged her finger across her neck.

"Not inside the cell, dummy, unless you want to add murder to your charges. We'll make her feel comfortable. When she feels safe, we'll make the move."

--

Two athletic bodies plowed the pool's clean water, side by side. Arms raking the clear water, biceps bulging, hearts pumping. Kevin loved the thrill of racing and winning, but he decided, even before Nadine launched them, that he'd let Iman win. His decision was a thing of the past as he now struggled to keep up. Water was his second home, but the tall, athletic girl turned out to be a natural swimmer. For the past weeks, Iman had practiced daily for hours, enjoying her newfound skill. She touched the far side a second before him.

"Did you let me win?"

"Whah?" he gulped air. "Are you serious?" A strong arm pulled him out of the water, and a hand clasped his chin and pulled him, still dizzy and gasping, for a kiss. It felt unfamiliar, and he suddenly realized it was Brigitte. He pushed her back, and she fell on her ass, laughing like the devil's big, evil sister.

Kevin wiped his mouth, then helped Iman out of the water.

"Couldn't help myself, Kev. I've never seen you with your shirt off. Why didn't you tell me that he's packing a six-pack and a super-hot body too?" she asked Nadine, who was drying Iman. "Keeping sexy-boy here all to yourself. Greedy."

Nadine gave her the Bird Salute.

"Fuck, Kev, if I had known that you're so super-hot, I would have kept you in my cellar, Silence of the Lambs style.

Kevin wasn't entirely sure that she didn't have a torture dungeon. He could easily envision her as Hannibal Lecter.

"Don't listen to her; she just likes being weird," Nadine said.

"Nice." Kevin gave a low whistle as he inspected Nadine from top to bottom. She wore a blue Armani evening gown. The cleavage was so deep it could give philosophy lectures at Harvard. "Going out?"

"I thought you and I could catch dinner. There's a fancy Italian place that just opened near the marina."

"Oh. I...I already have a date with Iman and Mike the monkey. I promised her."

"You have a...what now?"

"Mike, the monkey who loves bananas. Boom." He fist-bumped Iman, who smiled at him and rolled her eyes at her sister because Nadine didn't know who Mike was. "It's a book."

"I've got a banana for you, sexy boy." Brigitte was up on her feet. "Forget these two losers. I'll let you lick my hot banana."

"You're like the queen of lame, Brigitte."

"Admit it, you're crazy about me."

He had to admit to himself that despite wanting to hate her, he couldn't help liking her a little. There was just something about Brigitte.

Nadine, if she was disappointed, hid it well. "Okay, well, dinner is less important than education." She scraped Kevin's naked torso with her fingernails. "But maybe we could grab something to eat before your date with Mike?"

--

If I kiss you where it's sore

If I kiss you where it's sore

Will you feel better, better, better?

Will you feel anything at all?

- Regina Spektor

-

The room was alive with mating sounds. Nadine's hot breathing. Her cock was deep inside him; he was on his stomach and she on top. Her skin glistened as she moved like a wave, in and out of him. She loved him and loved his body, and she loved everything else about him. Her fingers flexed and kneaded the muscles on his back, and she showered the back of his neck with hot kisses.

"You've got the sexiest ass, Kev. And that's from someone who owns Lace Boys." She pounded into him with a long stroke that made him grunt. "And it feels amazing too." She lay on top of him again, letting him take her full weight. Her body's warmth enveloped him. She showered his neck with soft kisses, slowly grinding inside him and then stopping from time to time. Not because she needed rest—she was afraid that everything would end too soon.

She rested on top of him, enjoying the tingling feeling of their bodies exchanging heat. Her cock filled his insides; his body hugged her tightly in a hot embrace. Heartbeats. Hers, fast, his slow. Her smooth sack resting on his. She wanted to fall asleep on top of him and inside him. He was hers, in bed, more than he was hers anywhere else. She could always make his body sing and want.

Nadine playfully scraped his calf with her toe. "A penny for your thoughts, Kev."

He didn't answer.

"Hey, did you fall asleep on me?"

"Huh?"

She pulled out of him and sat down on the bed. "Are you even here with me?

"Huh?"

"'Cause it felt like I was the only one making love. Pretty shitty. I stopped wanking when I was fifteen."

He turned on his back with a puzzled look.

"You're thinking about her." Kevin tried to touch her face, but she slapped his hand away. "Don't try to deny it. I know that look."

"What do you want me to say?"

"Do you love her?"

"I... No. I don't know. I'm trying to put her behind me."

"Yeah, you've said that." Nadine sunk her long nails into her own palm to avoid screaming. "Doesn't look like you're making an effort."

"It's not an on-and-off switch, Nadine."

"What is it you want, Kevin? What is it you really want?"

"What do you want from me, Nadine?"

"You know exactly what I want." She jumped out of bed. "Unlike you, I'm not ambiguous. When you make up your mind, come talk to me."

She stormed out of the room, naked, leaving him alone with his thoughts. A few minutes later, there was a knock on the bedroom door. "Look, Nadine, I'm sorry that—oops." He yelped and covered himself when Iman entered the bedroom. The younger sister didn't even blush. She lived in a house where naked hot men were the norm.

"You promised we were going to read a book tonight."

"Yeah. You go ahead to the study and prepare Mike and everything else. I'll get dressed and bring us something to drink."

--

Kevin sipped his coffee, and Iman imitated him and sipped her hot chocolate.

"Why was Nadine crying?" she suddenly said.

Kevin stared at her, then decided the truth was the best road taken. "I think she's hurt because of me."

Iman smiled. "Bullshit!"

"She wants something from me that I can't give her. It's frustrating."

"That's why you're always so sad, Kev?"

"I'm not." He blushed. "Okay, stop stalling. Go on. Read!"

"Okay, okay." She flipped to the next page. "Mike h...has, seven ba...ban..." Iman looked lost, so Kevin pointed at the picture of the monkey holding the bananas. "Mike has seven monkeys?" She giggled. "Oh, stupid, Mike is a monkey. Bananas. Mike has seven bananas." She continued reading. "He gives on..." Kevin winked and pointed one finger up. "One. He gives one to a, to a f...friend. Now he has six bananas." She was slow but gaining confidence. "And Kevin makes me read the most boring book in the whole wide world ever."

"You're getting better every day."

"It's boring."

"Maybe now, but in a few months... It's like swimming. You start by dipping your head and making bubbles, and five weeks later, you beat me by a whole yard."

"It could have been much more than a yard," Iman said quietly. "I didn't want you to feel bad."

"Gee, thanks." He elbowed her, and Iman giggled.

Recently, they were spending most of their time together. It wasn't like Kevin had much to do. Someone at his new workplace found out that he was the same Kevin from the Richardson and Williams' murder trial. Between a rumor about the Brion sisters keeping him in a cage as a sex toy, and a gore fan colleague asking him for Helen's signature, he placed a resignation letter on his boss' desk.

"Go on."

"Mike l...loves bananas."

"That's right. Now use that to write your own sentences here." Kevin showed her how. "Kevin loves bananas."

She pondered for three seconds then wrote, "Iman loves Kevin."

"Thank you." He gave her a kiss on her cheek. "That's awfully nice." Both 'E's were pointing the wrong way, but he figured a compliment was due.

She wrote another sentence beneath it. "Nadine loves Kevin."

"You don't call her Nuni anymore?"

Iman shrugged. "I'm not a little girl."

"And I saw yesterday that you took your Frozen toy-box out of your room."

"I gave all my toys to Hanna."

"Who?"

"She's Abby's daughter."

"Abby the cook?"

Iman looked back at her room's door, a bit sad. Maybe she was regretting the swift departure from her old, safe world. Then she smiled at him. "Abby brings Hanna to work sometimes. She was so happy to get them. She said she only has an Olaf doll."

"That's very generous of you."

"I don't need them. I'm not a little girl anymore."

"Nope, you're not. Now write down a sentence that is not about people loving me."

Iman laughed. "All the girls love you, Kevin, even Brigitte, and she doesn't like anyone."

"I don't like Brigitte."

"Me neither. She scares me." Iman gave the next sentence a little more thought then wrote, "Kevin loves Helen."

"Okay." He felt himself blushing. "Helen?"

"You're always sad when you're talking about her with that girl."

"What girl?"

"Ginger."

He was discreet when he talked to Ginger, but he remembered at least twice talking with the young futanari lawyer when Iman was around. He'd made the exact mistake he rebuked Nadine about—dismissing Iman as a child with no self-awareness.

"And whenever you speak with Nadine about Helen, she gets jealous."

"When the hell did you get so smart on me?"

"Don't be sad, Kevin." She touched his lips.

Kevin smiled weakly. He felt sad. "I've never told you about Helen."

"Why does she never come to see you?"

"Someone locked her up."

"Like a princess in a tower?"

"Something like that."

"Then you should save her."

"It's not that simple."

"Why?"

He wasn't sure of the answer himself, so he sipped his coffee. "You know, Iman, real life is nothing like Frozen. Sometimes the wall is too high, sometimes the monster is just too big, and sometimes..." Kevin sighed deeply. "Sometimes the prince is a piece of shit and a coward."

Iman wiped the tear that rolled down his cheek. "But you love her."

"I...she hurt me."

"Then you should tell her how you feel about it, so she can say she's sorry, and then you can forgive her."

"That simple, huh?"

"I love Nadine. If someone locked her up, I would never give up until I could save her. And she's hurt me many times. You love Helen." She stated a fact, and Kevin realized that this sweet oracle, like his little brother Ben, could see what people wouldn't say. She nodded. "You do. You love Helen."

Kevin nodded slowly. "More than anything. Now and forever."

--

Sunday morning Kevin took the Pagani Zonda from the garage without permission and drove all the way to Alexander Jail. He hoped that someone might feel generous and allow him to see Helen. Maybe someone would be too drunk after the weekend partying to notice she was not supposed to receive anyone other than her lawyer.

No luck there—the intervention order held. Kevin sat outside, scanning the tall fences, hoping he'd spot Helen in the yard. He fantasized about ramming the Pagani into the high wire and escaping with her.

There was another reason for him to be there, but it took him an hour to decide to act on it. The detention officer on duty looked surprised at his request, and Kevin asked him why.



"His trial has been dragging for three years, and you're the first visitor he ever had."

"Good."

The officer looked surprised by the response but didn't comment on it. "You're not in his visitors' list. You'll need to fill a visitor's application first, and I'll have to check with him if he wants to see you. We don't usually do that sort of thing on such short notice."

Half an hour later Kevin sat waiting at the table on a rigid white plastic chair. Families and inmates around him were eating meals they'd bought from the jail's vending machines. You weren't allowed to bring your own food in due to fear of contraband, mainly drugs. Kevin's table was empty. He didn't feel like indulging the man who was about to arrive. Twice he stood up, thinking to bolt, but then he sat down, determined.

The inmate's eyes had remained the same as Kevin had remembered them. Blue and clear, comforting. They could make you feel safe without a word spoken. Other than that, nothing about him was familiar. There was grey in his long locks and a lot more wrinkles than Kevin remembered. But that wasn't it. Maybe it was in his shoulders, maybe it was in his walk, Kevin wasn't sure, but the proud lion he remembered looked defeated. Lost without a cause to drive him on. Like a man whose true love died in a car accident, or a pastor without a flock.

He sat down on the plastic chair opposite Kevin, and for a few moments they just stared at each other. There was a torrent of emotions showing on that old face, but none that Kevin had hoped to see. "Hello, son."

"I'm not your son."

"You are, and you always will be."

"You're just a sperm donor, Pastor. Finn O'Brien is my real father."

Pastor Roy shook his head. "I remember the day I told you the truth."

"I wish you never had."

"You were so proud."

"I was seventeen. An idiot. I worshiped Mom, and Mom worshiped you, and I was too naïve to see the truth about you. About you both. "

Roy closed his eyes. When he opened them they were two pools of sorrow. "I'm so sorry about your mother, Kevin. I've never had the chance to tell you how much." His voice was full of pain, and Kevin almost felt a pang of sympathy. Almost. "I miss her every day, with every breath I take. I wish I could turn back the clock and—"

"So do I." Kevin cut him off. He hadn't come for sympathy or bonding. "But time only ticks forward. What you and Mom did cannot be undone. You're right. I was really proud the day you told me the truth. Everyone back home used to make fun of Finn thanks to you. You made me ashamed that he was my father."

"I never meant for you to disrespect him."

"He's a million times more man than you'll ever be, Pastor. You know, Mother always talked about kindness, but she was so cruel to him. Dad never talked about kindness—he was simply kind. You used to preach about family values, but you banged another man's wife behind his back and never lifted a finger to support your unwanted son. Dad never preached. He simply took a child that wasn't his and raised him as his own. Between Mom, you, and Dad, I know who I want to be like when I grow up." Kevin fought the tears that were choking his throat. He wouldn't give this man the pleasure of seeing any emotion other than the one he deserved. "I've heard you don't get any visitors, Roy. Laura doesn't want to see you?"

"Kevin, I—"

"I guess your daughter has enough reasons to hate you, probably almost as many as I do."

"Do you hate me, Kevin?"

Kevin inhaled deeply. He was ten, peeking through the restaurant's door at this man kissing his mother. He was seventeen and riding in a truck with Justin Murphy, watching an empty church burning in the distance. Roy told them that God was in favor of it—the priest in that church had given a pro-gay-rights speech. The last memory was the most painful. His dad collapsing from a heart attack during Ben's funeral. "Do I hate you, Roy? Really? I hate you with every bone in my body. With every breath I take. You ruined my family, my father, my mother, my little brother. Everything that stinks in my life starts right here, with you."

"Why did you come then?"

"I really don't know what I expected to find. Not every man gets to meet his personal demons face to face. It's a privilege. Why did you come? You could have stayed in your cell."

"It gets very lonely in that cell. It allows a lot of time to reflect, to regret the past. I'm a changed person. I wanted to see you and tell you that, son."

"I'm not your son." Kevin raised his voice, and one of the guards turned, quizzical. Kevin breathed deeply for almost a minute before he continued. "Wanna know why I wanted to see you? I wanted to see you, so I could tell you that I have a futanari girlfriend now. Her name is Helen."

Pastor Roy stared at him, his face unreadable.

"Yep, your own flesh and blood is a sodomite. Taking it up the back door, Pastor, and loving it." Kevin winked at Roy, hoping it was the cruelest gesture. "All the prep talks, all the gay hatred, all the xenophobia, futaphobia, transphobia, and bigotry went down the drain."

"I've seen the news about the trial." Roy reached out, but Kevin pulled back, as if the devil himself was trying to touch him. "We're allowed to watch TV here. I know about you and Helen. But I was under the the impression that her sister was your girlfriend."

"She was, but things happened. Me and Helen fell in love. I fell in love with a futanari. Do you still feel like calling me 'son', Roy?"

"Your Helen is on trial for murder."

Kevin laughed, but there was little joy in it. "No, you're a murderer, Pastor. She's...Helen is the opposite of you. She's so brave, and kind, and beautiful all over, inside and out. She didn't do any of the things they say she did."

"Do you love her?"

"With every breath I take."

"Does your girlfriend with the futanari gene know you were a soldier in God's Army?"

"I wasn't. I was...I was only...I thought that being one of your little soldiers was what Mom wanted. I wanted her to be proud. But I was never about hating. Too bad it took me a dead mother and a dead brother to see the truth about you. Did you ever wonder, Roy, how come the police found the guns that shot those boys so quickly?"

The pastor sighed. "I knew it was you, even back then. I knew why you ran off to get your degree half a country away from home. I know whose fault it is that I'm here. Doesn't really matter."

Kevin laughed. "My fault? Really? Jesus Christ almighty. The reason you're here is that your hateful club killed two boys. Two boys whose only sin was that they decided to come out of the closet and declare their love to each other. You're here because of the futanari church your Army of God burned to the ground in Austin and that poor pastor who was made a cripple. For the firebomb in Dallas. For that poor lesbian girl who committed suicide in Kentucky, and that trans woman your soldier beat to a pulp near Atlanta. For all the destruction you've brought on people whose only fault was that they were born outside your tiny hateful world. That's why you're here, and you'll stay here for the rest of your miserable life, alone. And you'll have plenty of time to reflect on the evil that you are. Army of God? Did God ever give you permission to spread so much hate in his name?"

"Kevin."

"You murdered her mother."

"I've never murdered anyone."

Kevin nodded. "No, you were enough of a snake to keep your hands clean. You had your soldiers do the dirty work, but it doesn't keep the blood off your hands. You murdered Helen's mother. Her name was Fabienne."

Roy stared at his son as if he'd lost a few marbles.

"Ten years ago, in Phoenix. The Proposition Eight protest. A firebomb. Three people were killed, and one of them was Fabienne."

"That was Tom Murphy. He's in jail for life."

Kevin shook his head. "Tom Murphy was a stupid drunk who couldn't tell left from right. I know who poisoned his mind day in and day out. Telling him these people's purpose in life was to drag everyone to hell with them. Teaching him that gay people didn't deserve to live and certainly didn't deserve to have a family. Tom Murphy might have been the gun, but I know who pulled the trigger." He pointed at his biological father, and Pastor Roy shuddered.

"I'm a changed man, Kevin. The things I've done—"

"Everything rotten and evil starts here, with you, Roy. You loved to say that sodomy is the root of all evil, but I think...I think it's people like you." The tears were flowing freely now, but Kevin didn't care anymore. "And I've been thinking a lot lately. What would have happened if you weren't so obsessed with hating? If Helen's mother hadn't died, Helen wouldn't have joined the Marines, she wouldn't have been injured in Iraq, and...Helen and I wouldn't have met each other."

He wiped his cheek. "You used to say that God works in mysterious ways. Or maybe it's just poetic justice that it was you who brought her into my arms. In the end, it doesn't matter. You're a changed person? People like you never change, Roy. All you know is hate. It takes years to build a person, to make him feel valued and loved, and it takes no effort to hate and to reduce another human being to dust. But I'm nothing like you. I'm the opposite of you, Father. I'll fix everything. You'll see. I'll make everything that went wrong right again."

--

To be continued...

The usual, you punch the stars and tell me that you care or that you hate me. Every time you leave a message a futanari's ___ gets longer by an inch.

Next chapter, final chapter. Hoorah



Family Issues Ch. 13
byallthatisfuta©

Author's Note: Any and all persons engaging in any sexual activity are at least eighteen years of age.

Finally. Sorry it took so long, but this was the longest chapter and it took time to process.

As always, I need to thank, Stylus and Madison, my cool editors - for their endless patience, and great insights.

Just a quick reminder. So far:

1. The Big bang.

2. The autotrophs began to drool.

3. God, Adam and Eve and that awkward story with a talking snake.

4. Lots of other stuff.

5. Ginger who is a singer in Mike's (Kevin's best friend) band, hit on Kevin. It turns out she just wanted to use Kevin to get into a sorority. Kevin showed her the middle finger when Ginger started to trash Mike and called him a loser.

6. Suzan Owens (the Syndicate's main money launderer) killed William Richardson (CEO of Richardson and Williams – I was totally not in focus when I invented the company name).

7. The Syndicate killed Suzan Owens and Diana took her place as the Syndicate's money launderer.

8. Helen went to jail for the murder.

9. Kevin, who now lives with Nadine, asks Ginger to represent her, then went and confronted his biological father, Pastor Roy (the spiritual leader of a fanatic religious extremists called – Army of God), in jail. It turned out that the Army of God is responsible among other things, for the death of Helen's mother.

On with the story.

$$$$$$$$$$

"What time did you leave the hotel?"

"Eight p.m." Helen's voice was barely audible in the courtroom.

"Sorry? You need to speak up," Ginger said.

"Eight p.m."

Kevin swore under his breath. His Valkyrie had lost over ten pounds during her incarceration. Weren't they feeding her in jail?

"Are you certain?"

"I knew William usually stays until eight-thirty, nine, sometimes. I kept an eye on my watch because I was terrified I might miss him."

"Ms. Anderson said in her testimony, she met you around eight p.m. when she punched her card going out."

"I used the parking lot elevator to the office, and I didn't see anyone. I arrived at the office at eight-thirty, not eight. Marianne is lying!"

Ginger let that echo and sink. If she could discredit the emails and the orders signed by Helen, then it would be Marianne's word against Helen's. The jury should hear the words 'Marianne' and 'lying' as much as possible. "So, you met no one."

"I went straight to William's office."

"Go on."

"I've found William in a pool of blood with his Ka-Bar stuck in his chest."

"Did you notice anyone else in the office?"

"Maybe. I didn't check." Helen's alabaster visage was passive when she described a man whose life was ebbing away in a pool of blood. The jury, who didn't know her intimately, perceived a pale blond ice-queen. Aloof. She wore her mask like a second skin. Kevin had breached that wall long ago and wasn't fooled. Her lower lip twitched lightly. Her fingers clenched and flexed. William was dear to her, and his death had cut deep.

Helen had dark circles under her eyes. His Valkyrie's shield and armor were cracked; her will to fight was broken.

"What happened then?" Ginger said.

"I immediately began TCCC-CLS and called the emergency services."

Ginger danced an Indian victory jig in her mind. She didn't instruct Helen to use military terms; it came naturally and helped her steer the testimony in the right direction. "For the sake of anyone unfamiliar with military acronyms, TCCC-CLS?"

"Tactical Combat Casualty Care, Combat Life Saver. It's a course selected Marine Corps officers attend at Camp Pendleton, in Oceanside."

"What exactly do they teach you in that course?"

"First responder care at injury point. Treating and evacuating a casualty."

"In William's case?"

"He was still breathing, and he had a pulse. Severe bleeding was the obvious risk factor."

"TCCC is a procedure you follow from A to Z. Like an automated machine, right?"

"A thinking machine that doesn't waste critical time on hesitation. TCCC reduced US army casualties by 67%."

"I know." Ginger gave a tender smile. "I'm trying to establish the state of mind you were in. It wasn't the first time you'd had to use that skill."

"No."

"During your service, you were forced to use it several times."

"Unfortunately."

"I'd like to present a recording." Ginger pulled out a CD. "Luckily the Marine Corps save its communication channels stream for years."

"Objection, Your Honor, irrelevant." Larry looked like someone who found half a cockroach in his salad.

"Your Honor." Ginger was a singer, dark mezzo-soprano. Her statements flowed like a song and were an ear balm to Larry's nasally objections. "Mr. Durham, the security guard who responded to Ms. Anderson's call said in his testimony that Helen appeared calm and in control. Quoting his words in this court, 'Helen appeared calm. The opposite of what you'd expect a person stumbling on a murder scene.' The prosecution would have us believe she is a cold-blooded murderer, unaffected by gore. The defense will prove that my client was calm when she tried to save William's life—"

"Objection, Your Honor. Tried to save William's life?"

"Let me rephrase. When Mr. Durham saw the defendant leaning over the victim. The defense would like to present a different explanation for the defendant's demeanor."

"Overruled."

Ginger took off her glasses and gave the judge a smile that could melt the ice-caps. She wore a navy black pencil dress to court. Professional without losing her long legs' effect. Kevin could swear that Judge Henley blushed.

Ginger turned back to Helen. "In Husaybah, Iraq, your company was sent to clear an insurgents' headquarters, and your commander accidentally activated a booby-trap, right?"

"An IED disguised inside a mattress."

Ginger inserted the CD into the court's device and pressed play.

The recording opened with a distinct, static chirping, followed by a few bleeps. A heavy machine gun burst in the distance, then quiet fell again. Suddenly, someone screamed in the background, begging for his mother to come and take him.

"Hitman Two-Two, this is Hitman Two-Three, come in. Over. We've got nine men hit. I repeat. We've got men wounded on the ground." Helen's throaty voice was easily recognizable above the channel's static hiss. "Immediate evac, immediate evac, at point Alpha, Charlie, Charlie."

"Hitman Two-Three, this is Hitman Two-Two, say again. Nine men down?" Compared to Helen's calm, the soldier responding sounded like a frightened teenager.

"Hitman Two-Two, we've hit an IED. Multiple casualties! Nine men down!" Helen raised her voice, but there was no stress, just an attempt to focus the other guy. "Immediate evac, immediate evac, at point Alpha, Charlie, Charlie."

"Hitman Two-Three, can you get to the Humvees?"

"Negative. Negative. Hitman Two-Three—"

Ginger stopped the recording because Helen's face turned ashen. She breathed heavily, her fingers clenched around the stand's microphone. She was visibly shaking.

"Ms. Brion, do you need a recess?" Judge Henley was alarmed by her reaction.

Helen caught Ginger's eye, and her new lawyer shook her head quickly. She wanted to hit the iron when it was still hot.

"I'm okay. It's just..."

"You were heavily injured in that incident?" Ginger was in command again.

Helen nodded.

"Please?"

"Yes."

"You lost your left eye. Three operations and six months' recovery. You were diagnosed with PTSD three years ago, am I correct?"

Helen bit her lip and added a barely audible yes.

"And even though you were in terrible pain, you treated and saved the life of four marines. You kept your cool, notified the HQ, you remembered to call off an airstrike on your position, and you treated the injured. In fact, you received a Bronze Star for your conduct."

Helen nodded.

"I'm sorry?"

"Yes."

"I'm sorry, it's hard to hear—"

"Yes!" Helen finally raised her tone. "It's difficult for me..." Her voice broke. "I lost brothers. My soldiers, my commanding officer, I..."

"It's understandable, Ms. Brion. No one can deny your pain. I deeply apologize for taking you back to that horrible day." Ginger waited for a little before she continued. "But nobody should be surprised that you appeared calm when you treated William!"

"That's what I've been trained to do."

Kevin felt like kissing Ginger. She'd instructed Helen to dump the ugly business suit and bought her a clean-cut black dress. While recounting her injury must have been emotionally overpowering, it left a deep impression on the jury. Helen was no longer an unfeeling alabaster statue. She was flesh and blood, hurting from her comrades' loss. A war hero. The fresh look and the testimony gave them a different perspective. They were finally fighting back.

The prosecutor sure looked like he was about to have a fit.

–-

"Ms. Brion, I hold in my hands," Larry waved the document, "a daily maintenance and floor-polishing order issued for G&G Cleaning Service. The money was transferred in September, but the cleaning job never took place. G&G can't offer cleaning services, because they don't have a cleaning staff or any staff at all. G&G is a dummy company. An entity that exists only on paper. Do you recognize the signature?"

Helen took the document wrapped in plastic using two fingers, like she has just received a live snake. She stared at it before giving it back. "It's mine, but it's a fake."

"Is it?"

"I'm an analyst. The operations officer issues cleaning orders."

"But any vice president has the authority to issue such an order, not just the chief of operations."

"It wasn't me."

"And the email telling Miriam Anderson to launch Destiny Mall?"

"Wasn't mine either. I opposed Destiny Mall from day one."

"How do you explain that this order, and hundreds like it to G&G and other dummy companies, plus the Destiny Mall email, were all sent from your office's email account?"

"I... I didn't send those emails. Maybe the same person who forged my signature hacked into my account."

"Sure."

"Objection, Your Honor, argumentative," Ginger jumped.

"Sustained." Judge Henley gave Larry a warning glance.

"Ms. Brion," Larry didn't lose a beat," you have a strict password policy at Richardson and Williams. A password expires every three weeks, right?"

"Yes."

"So you're saying that for several months someone repeatedly hacked your account, even though the FBI has found no evidence of intrusive hacking activity in your office?"

"Objection, Your Honor. My colleague is badgering the witness. She is not a computer expert, and she said she didn't send those emails."

"Withdrawing the question." Larry went for his sourpuss smile that could make onions cry. "Ms. Brion, on November the sixth, you didn't show up for a CEO monthly meeting. A meeting that launched Destiny Mall."

"Yes."

"Destiny Mall was an attempt to steal 700 million. It's a land fraud."

"I don't know the exact details." Helen glowered. "I've been cut off from the outside world since November."

"Because the FBI decided you're a prime suspect in a fraud case."

"Objection, Your Honor." Ginger jumped, her face red at the dirty trick. "The FBI didn't press any charges."

"Yet." Larry raised his hands palms forward. "Sorry, sorry, bad phrasing. Tell me, Ms. Brion, how many CEO monthly meetings have you missed prior to November the sixth?"

"None."

"What happened on November the sixth, then?"

"I..." Helen glanced at Kevin.

"Does Kevin know?" Larry's grin got bigger as Helen flinched and blushed deeply.

"I was supposed to meet Kevin at the Comfort Inn near Lincoln Park."

"What for?" Larry said.

"It's unimportant, and he didn't show up, anyway."

Kevin stared at her, rapidly blinking.

The prosecutor smirked. "You need to synchronize your versions. Kevin didn't mention a hotel meeting in his police testimony."

"Objection, Your—"

"Let me rephrase. It doesn't really matter if Kevin supports your claim or not. You've told the police you came to the hotel at two-thirty p.m. Why did you miss the meeting at four p.m.? A meeting that was all about Destiny Mall. You claimed you had opposed Destiny Mall from its inception. How come you missed your chance to shoot it down? Why did you stay in the hotel until eight p.m. even though no one came to meet you?"

"I fell asleep."

The room erupted with giggles that were hushed by the judge's gavel.

"So to sum it up. You, a vice president in a major company, who never missed a CEO meeting in her entire career. You had a meeting," Larry made air quotes, "at a hotel with someone who has no clue what you're talking about. In your words, he didn't show up. So, instead of going to an important, decisive meeting, you took a six-hour nap in the middle of the day. Don't blame me if I find it a bit hard to believe."

There were more sniggers from around the room.

"I think I might have been drugged," Helen said.

Larry rolled his eyes. "I'd like to present a more reasonable alternative." He spoke tenderly, faking empathy for the poor idiot on the stand, tangled up in her childish lies. You were Destiny Mall project's advocator and initiator, but you didn't want your name associated with its launch. You knew it was a fraud that could bring the whole company down. That's why you didn't show up for the meeting. You only showed up after you've received an email from William, saying he wanted to cancel Destiny Mall."

"That's not true, I'd never—"

Larry altered his tone and waved his blaming index finger in the air, accusing. "You showed up with an intent to murder, and you followed through. Only you didn't take into account Marianne Anderson coming back to the office."

"I didn't murder anybody! I didn't write those emails! I did fall asleep! Why doesn't anyone believe me?" Helen burst out in tears and buried her face in her hands.

"No further questions, Your Honor."

Only Ginger's firm hand on his shoulder prevented Kevin from launching himself at the prosecutor.

–-

"Why on earth did Helen say she was going to meet me in that hotel?"

"She told me you texted her, Kev." Ginger's voice sounded muffled. "She said you invited her to the hotel but never showed up."

"I never texted her."

"I know. The police let me check her mobile. Why do you think she said that?"

"I don't know anymore." Kevin sighed. "Maybe fear is making her invent stuff like that. Why do you sound like you're in a box?"

"Because I'm on the toilet seat. My team-manager said I could work on Helen's case in my free time, but the day he catches me doing voluntary work at his expense, I'll have to clean out my desk."

"I don't want you to lose your job."

"Don't worry, and anyway I got this job because the company belongs to my sorority roomie's mother, and you got me into Alpha Pi Alpha. If they kick my ass, it evens out. Why does it sound like you're in a construction site?"

Behind him, a crane lifted a grand piano over the pool's dome. A porters' army, like a trail of ants wearing jumpsuits, were hauling the Astor mansion's interior onto trucks. Aleki, with Cecilia's directives, drove Nadine's ridiculously expensive sport-cars collection onto a car-carrying trailer. The activity had been droning since noon of the day before.

"Don't ask. I don't have answers, anyway. It's chaotic. Any good news, Ginger?"

"I'm sorry. It's... I have a hard time getting Helen's cooperation. It's three hours' drive to jail, and she's... It's like she lost the will to fight. I can't help her if she's not helping me. She keeps asking about you, and I'm not allowed to say much."

"Jesus, she feels abandoned. Can you tell her I love her and that I'm getting her out?"

"I'm not allowed to deliver her any messages. An FBI officer is watching over us all the time. I'll lose my license."

"Just tell her I said I love her, that can't be breaching the FBI—"

"Tell her you love who?"

Kevin jumped two feet in the air.

Nadine glared at him behind his back, and he wondered how long she had been standing there.

She wore a sharp suit; her raven-black hair was tied in a tight bun. Tall, every button and line straight like a North Korean army parade. Her stance said 'don't mess with me,' and when she was in that mood, even Madam Hulk was skittish. Nadine's power resided in her beautiful eyes. People scurried to get out of the way when her smoky orbs fell on them. Now that menacing stare was focused on the only person who could make her heart flutter.

"You're talking to that pixie-cut blond, Helen's new lawyer?"

Kevin nodded.

"You've made up your mind."

Kevin nodded slowly.

"And you didn't have the balls to come and tell me about it?"

"Nadine, you don't own me. I'm not a Lace Boy."

"You're not that special either, Kevin. I've been gentle with you, but it can end right here, right now."

"I know."

"I can take what I want from you."

He shook his head. "I'm so sorry, but you can't."

She closed the gap between them in a flash and grabbed his collar. "You keep forgetting who you're talking to," she growled.

"No, I don't. I'm so sorry, Nadine."

"Stop apologizing!" She released his collar.

"What you want from me can only be given, not taken. I'm so sorry that I can't give it to you. I love Helen. Please let me go quietly."

"The fuck I will," she snarled. "This isn't some..." She choked, but then straightened her back. Her black eyes were a dark storm. "We're going, and you're coming with us."

"Nadine."

"One more fucking word out of your big fucking mouth, and I tell Cecilia she can ride your ass. You wouldn't be able to walk straight for a year."

"Thanks, very graphic."

Nadine placed her index finger under his nose, and Kevin was sure she meant to smack him, but then she turned around and strutted back into the house on stiff legs.

–

"The air in California is not healthy for us anymore."

"In what way?"

"Hand me a wrench, Kev."

"Which one?"

"Whatcha got?" Brigitte chose two wrenches out of the set Kevin offered and tightened the screw on her Kawasaki Ninja beast. She revved the engine twice and winced because she didn't like the sound. "Goddamn motherfucking piece of gook shit."

"Tell the other Hitler Youth I said hi."

"Kev, you know you don't need no sweet talking with me. I'll sleep with ya, just say when."

"You're not my type."

"I'm hot."

"You're also a racist bigot and a cold-blooded murderer."

Brigitte shrugged. "Nobody's perfect."

"And it's not the motor's fault. You trashed your Kawasaki last night on the lawn. Iman and I found you naked on the bathroom's floor. Totally shitfaced."

"It was you who dragged me to bed?"

"Yep."

"Oh my god, you're such a pussy, Kevin. You could have had anal."

"Next time."

The saber-thin futanari hooked a voltmeter to her battery's positive and fired up the engine. "Eleven thirty-seven, goddamn, it won't even charge properly." She spat. "Anyway, I'm not a racist. I hate everyone equally. Niggers, Injuns, kikes, gooks, fairies, futas, Democrats, all of them. Except you, you purple-eyed freak, I'm crazy about you."

In the yard behind him, an Asian Lace Boys' group, carrying suitcases and dressed in miniskirts, crammed into a bus in a flurry of color and laughter.

"Why is everyone packing, Brigitte?"

"Told you, you short-attention git. The air in California is not healthy for us anymore. What Suzan Owens did at Richardson and Williams has sent out too many ripples. We can't contain them all. It might take a month or two, but the FBI is sure to pay us a visit."

"I thought the Feds and cops were in your back pocket."

"Hand me the fuel injector synchronizer. Not every cop, you dumbass. Someone is bound to make a connection eventually, and we're not going to be here when it happens. Nadine sold the mansion a week ago. We're downsizing in the US. Moving our operation base. "


"Where to?"

"You're awfully curious."

"Brigitte, if I take a car and run away, will you chase me down and force me to come back?"

Brigitte stopped fiddling with the synchronizer and gave him a curious scan. "What's going on, Kev?"

"Nothing."

"Fuck that." She kicked the bike. "50k worth of trash. I'll take the van with you and Nadine. Do you mind riding bitch?"

"He's not riding with us." Nadine stepped out of the garage door, her hands on her hips.

"Where do you want him?"

"Nowhere."

"Huh?"

"He's not coming with us."

"Where is he going to?"

"What the fuck do I care?" Nadine raised her voice high enough for people around to take notice. "I'm fed up with the whiny little bitch."

"What?" Brigitte stared at her, bug-eyed. Aleki stopped the Bugatti he drove and watched with a smug grin.

"You heard me. The sooner I don't get to see your annoying baby face, the better. You've overstayed your welcome, Kevin."

"Wh-what?"

Her dark eyes shot lightning. "Piss off, Kev."

"What?"

"The gate is over there, you idiot." She pointed.

"Thanks," he mumbled and took off. Slowly at first, then he ran in case anyone changed their mind.

Brigitte stared at his disappearing back. "What just happened?"

"Fuck off!"

"He's still super-hot. Now that you're fed up and all that bullshit, what if I take him for a ride?"

"What if I ride over you with a bus?"

"You know, Nadine, under the scary mask, you're just a big softy."

"Shut the fuck up!"

–-

Rain started pouring when he was one block away from the Astor mansion. People scurried indoors, and Kevin zigzagged from one shelter to the next. Soon he was drenched, so he fidgeted under a newsstand, waiting for the rain to weaken. He kept scanning the direction he'd come from in case anybody followed.

Two youngsters in raincoats, probably brothers, were up and about, hopping happily in the rivulets flowing along the sidewalk. A young brunette in a stylish raincoat watched over them under an umbrella and gave an apologetic smile to Kevin when the boys almost sprayed him with rainwater.

The younger kid stopped jumping and glanced up to her. "Mom, when you're old and go to heaven, and then you'll be inside your mom's stomach, and you'll be born and be a kid again, you should jump with us in the puddles, okay? It's really fun."

"I will," she guffawed.

Kevin started sprinting again, skipping from shelter to shelter. His mother would never grow old, and he had always believed that she was watching over him from heaven; now he wasn't sure anymore.

He wasn't even slightly surprised when he spotted the woman waiting for him at the lonely bus stop. The rain hadn't touched her, but her face was wet.

She escaped a desert land, from a family who didn't accept her and her sister. She crawled up from the gutters and built her power on sheer will. She owned an illegal escort service and ran illegal wrestling matches. Hard criminals feared her; crime lords respected her. She taught Kevin the difference between sex and making love. She could make him crave her with a smile, but that wasn't enough anymore.

"Thought you'd take off without saying goodbye?"

He attempted a hug, but she pushed him back.

"That show I gave back there..."

"I know why you did it." Nadine had gained dangerous enemies over the years. The opportunity to hurt her through Kevin was too sweet to miss. Convincing people she didn't care for him that reduced the risk.

"Iman will be devastated," she said.

"I'll visit."

She shook her head. "Not where we're going. This is really goodbye, Kev."

"Tell her... make sure she keeps on reading. She has amazing potential; she just needs someone to believe in her. Tell her, tell her I love her so much and that I'll never forget her."

"I will."

"I'm so sorry, Nadine."

Nadine caressed his cheek. "You know, we could have been amazing together, you and me. I was willing to let it all go for you, Kev. The Lace Boys, and everything else. Just grab the money and find somewhere safe to live. You, me and Iman."

He didn't know what to say, so he went for a hug again. This time around she allowed him. Her body was warm, and her heart beat fast against his.

"But you love Helen, even though she cheated on you."

"I can't help it, Nadine."

"Except she didn't."

"Didn't what?"

"Suzan wanted to keep her away from the meeting, so we texted her, pretending it was you. We invited her to that hotel and drugged her. Brigitte took those ugly pictures with Dima when Helen was asleep. Helen never used my Lace Boys; I lied. For all I know, she was a virgin when she met you."

"Why?" He stepped back, his eyes round with shock.

"Why what?"

"Why did you do it?"

"I wanted you to hate her, Kev."

"Why?"

"It didn't help, did it? I guess some people are just meant for each other." A lonely tear welled in the corner of her eye and went down her cheek.

"Don't!" He choked. She was the villain, and still he felt like an asshole.

"Helen didn't murder William," Nadine wiped her tear. "She's not a murderer. Suzan Owens stabbed him to death. Helen never worked for Suzan either, she never sent any emails. We made sure it looked like she did."

"We?"

"The Syndicate had been working on Richardson and Williams for two years. Not just Suzan and her team. When you have a cake worth seven billion, everyone wants a bite. I supplied the Lace Boys; Brigitte and her team were the muscle. There were other organizations too. Suzan fucked everything up when she murdered William. The FBI was all over the place before we could get our hands on any big money. That's why the Syndicate had her executed; she pissed off a lot of people."

"But, but, why Helen?"

Nadine's jaw hardened. "It wasn't personal. We needed a patsy. Someone to take the blame for the missing money. We've never meant for it to be a murder trial. I still have no clue how Suzan managed to pin William's murder on Helen."

"Why Helen?"

"She was perfect—just think about it. High up in the chain of command but a clueless loner on the other hand. She had no one to back her up, no one to talk to. No family except for a cocaine-addicted sister who was easy to control."

Kevin remembered his last phone call to Helen and grabbed his head. She sounded like she didn't have a clue because she really didn't have a clue. How could he have been so viciously stupid? "Nadine, if you go to the police and testify—"

"If I go to the police, I'll spend the rest of my life in prison. Iman won't survive without me. You 're on your own, Kev."

"Me? Helen's on her own. Everyone has betrayed her. She's all alone in that jail for something she didn't do, wondering why I treated her like a piece of crap."

"She's not on her own; she has you. Frankly, I'd trade places with her in a heartbeat. That's your bus."

The silver bus screeched to a stop. The driver opened the door and scanned the odd couple shivering in the pouring rain. "Getting in?"

Kevin started towards the door, then turned around. He grabbed Nadine and pulled her for a deep kiss, letting go of everything that was and could have been between them.

"Oh," the driver horse-laughed and honked the bus's horn. "D'amour!"

Nadine pushed Kevin back, half smiling, half tearful. "Go now, before I change my mind."

"Goodbye, Nadine."

She nodded. "Go save your Valkyrie."

–-

Seagull, you fly across the horizon

Into the misty morning sun

Nobody asked you where you are going

Nobody knows where you're from

Helen hummed softly a seventies song her mother used to sing when she was five. The black and white bird gave her a nasty screech, then took off into the cold air. She chuckled and started another set of pushups.

The inmates called them Prison Gulls. They prospered on the jail's dumpsters, enjoying the dubious plenty of the chow hall leftovers. Most inmates hated them with a passion. They bombed their stinking white goo everywhere and left a mess that required warm water rinsing and heavy scrubbing to get off. Some inmates even went so far as trying to shoot them down with improvised projectiles. Helen loved them. They reminded her that there was a free world outside.

Everyone followed the same yard schedule, men and futas. To a naïve outsider, the yard was integrated human harmony, but it was only a mirage. Yard segregation was strictly enforced. Black power, white power, Norteños power, Hispanic power, futa power. God forbid if you overstepped those invisible boundaries into another group's territory.

Helen formed her own group on the basketball court's outskirts. Since the cell incident, people kept their distance like she carried the plague. Her cellmates said nothing, but she could feel the volcano bubbling under the dirty tiles. At night she feared retaliation and fought sleep until she dropped out, exhausted.

At least they stopped harassing her.

The air outside was laden with rain, yesterday's terrible sins, and men's sweat. A steady drizzle kept prickling her hair, like sky needles. She didn't mind, and anyway, there was no chance in hell that she was going to spend the precious yard hours indoors. She savored the pain as her muscles stretched, keeping one eye on the group of white inmates playing basketball.

They were futanari-hating white supremacists, not all of them by choice, but that was how it worked inside. Survival dictated you had to belong, or you were prey. The inmates called it GABOS. Game Ain't Based On Sympathy.

"Barbie."

She grunted and kept pushing her body, one hand on the asphalt, one hand behind her back. "Hi, Aziz. Didn't know you were out of the infirmary."

"Released today." His eyes shone, and his dark curls clung wetly to his brow. "I've got something to show you."

"What?" She stiffened. Jail taught her everyone was guilty until proven dead.

"I, I've got a letter from your boyfriend."

"What?" She jumped to her feet.

"Kevin O'Brien?"

"What? You're lying!"

"I have a send in-send out gig with a nurse, so...I thought that since you stood up for me, I should do something nice for you."

Her heart hammered fast. "You, you're bullshitting me. 'Cause that just one fucked-up cruel joke if you are."

He shook his head. "I swear it on my mother's life."

"A, a letter? From Kevin?"

"I don't have it on me, I didn't want Valerie to know I'm helping you. You know how she gets."

Helen nodded fast.

"I've got it stashed behind the laundry room."

She almost hugged him, but he gave her a warning glance, and she kept her hands to herself.

"Let's go. Slowly, try to look casual; the COs are watching."

It was physically painful not to burst into a full sprint even under the correctional officers' suspicious scans. A letter from Kevin? Elation sent electricity charges that tickled her fingertips.

A stretch of muddied black ground lay behind the laundry room. The air smelled of wet soil, sharp laundry detergents, and ripe tomatoes. The inmates made a half-hearted attempt to grow radishes and tomatoes in semi-straight flowerbeds. Empty and half-empty laundry carts were stacked against the red-clay brick wall.

"Where is the CO that watches over this spot?" Helen said.

"Maybe he needed to see someone about a mule." Aziz wiped the sweat off his brow. "Lucky for us. Stand guard near the corner while I get it out. Whistle if you see anyone."

Eager, she dashed to the building's corner, watching the yard, her back to her cellmate. "Did you find it?" She had to raise her voice to overcome the giant washing machines' hum coming from the room.

"Just a sec." His tone rose a notch. She might have sensed his anxiety, but her own excitement blocked her perception. The laundry room's hum intensified, and Helen realized that someone opened the door behind her. She turned. Too late. Powerful arms grabbed her in a nelson grip. Smelly breath touched her face, and strong slippery fingers locked behind her neck. Helen folded instinctively. Her right leg looped back and hooked her assailant's leg. She leaned and closed her hands around a thigh with a pus-infected heroin abscess. She lifted the leg in the air before she collapsed on her back, getting a satisfying scream from her attacker. The hands left her throat.

"Nice try, Barbie."

Someone kicked her in the gut as she tried to stand up, destroying her balance. Heavy hands locked around her neck. Her new attacker was massive and had the muscle power to match her own.

"Grab the bitch's hands!" The harsh scent of garlic hit Helen, blocking her sense of smell. It was Valerie.

Another fist caught her chin. Her vision dimmed. The hands left her throat, and she collapsed forward, face in the warm mud.

I am a real person. I inhabit this earth. I'm not a bitch or a Barbie.

They viciously yanked her back to her feet using her blond locks. The hands locked again around her neck.

She wiggled and tried the same backflip trick, but Daria grabbed her left hand, pulling her up as she leaned. Sofia came from her right and latched to her only free hand. Helen attempted a headbutt, but Valerie choked her windpipe, preventing her from making contact.

Lightning flashed across the sky.

"I'm gonna shank the bitch," Josephine screamed. She limped into Helen's line of sight. The heroin addict held a screwdriver with its edge honed to a point.

"Shut the fuck up!" Valerie whizzed. Holding Helen down wasn't a walk in the park. "Suzan Owens sends her regards, Barbie. Aziz, the syringe, now!"

Helen tried kicking Josephine between her legs. The young futa jumped out of reach and broke up manically. "Not today, Barbie."

Helen sank her teeth into the thick arm that choked her neck and poured every ounce of hate she had into the bite.

Valerie screamed but didn't let go; she tightened her grip, pulling Helen's forehead up. "Stop struggling like a rabid dog! Aziz, the syringe! Now!"

Her eyesight was getting blurrier, and her hearing became dimmer. Aziz stepped forward, holding up a syringe full of dirty brownish liquid. She eased up the struggle, pretending, then kicked high, hitting Aziz's hand. The needle flew away, and the Lebanese guy scurried after it.

"Stop struggling, Barbie, it will soon be over," Valerie said in a soothing voice. "You will just go to sleep. You won't feel a thing, I promise. Easier to let go. No reason to fight. The world doesn't want you. Your Kevin abandoned you. He's not writing letters or coming to save you. Just let it go."

Let it go? She struggled feebly, her head locked in a vise. She was forced to stare up. A seagull somersaulted in the darkening sky above her. She wished she could fly with it to the big bed where a purple-eyed young man once held her and told her she was his everything.

I'm so sorry, Kevin. She closed her eyes and gave it all she had.

Suddenly the pressure eased off her tortured windpipe. Sofia let go of her arm, and Daria let go of the other. Without support, she fell forward, head in the mud, coughing. She rolled with little grace, trying to scramble out of harm's way.

Valerie writhed on the wet earth, clutching her private area. A tall inmate in a red jumper jail uniform head-butted Daria viciously. He used a laundry cart as a makeshift weapon to push Sofia away and then lifted the cart and slammed it down on the Dominican's head. Aziz was nowhere in sight.

Josephine snuck up from Helen's savior's blind side and shanked his hip. The tall man grunted, surprised. He spun around, and the makeshift knife sunk to the hilt in his abdomen, darkening his red jumper. Josephine pulled up her weapon for another strike, but Helen was on her. The marine's fist caught the young addict by complete surprise. There was a sickening crunch, and Josephine collapsed to her knees. Her mouth stayed open, and she shrieked as she tried and failed to shut it. Her jaw was dislocated.

Both Daria and Sofia were up on their feet, but now they faced Helen, no longer surprised and aching to fight. It was over. The soldiers picked up their boss by her arms and limping, made a tactical retreat. Josephine, whimpering, followed them.

Helen turned to her savior. The man was tall, in his early fifties. White, not carrying any White Supremacy gang colors. Not part of any groups she knew, though there were over three thousand inmates in Alexander. She didn't know them all.

"Are you okay?" he said, then clutched his stomach. His blue eyes widened as dark blood flowed through his fingers. "Damnation." He collapsed on his ass. "I," he panted, "I knew they were up to no good when I saw that snake taking you behind the laundry room."

Helen nodded stupidly. "Guard!" She tried to push a scream out through her tortured throat and coughed. "Help! Help over here!"

"Listen, listen, Helen."

"Lie down. Help!" She screamed. Helen sank to her knees in the dark mud and ripped his jumpsuit open. With sure steady movements she located the wounds. She turned him on his side and applied pressure with one hand, supporting him with her other hand. The earth felt warm against her skin.

Another lightning bolt jagged the sky. The gulls shrieked.

"Listen, listen, Helen."

"Don't talk, be still."

A curious face peeked out from the laundry room's door. Another inmate.

"Help! Get help," Helen shouted at him. "Quickly!"

"Helen, listen." He grunted in pain. "You can't go back into your cell, they'll try again. Someone paid to have you eliminated. You need to tell everything to the CO. Ask for protective custody."

"Stop talking!"

"You got to demand PC!"

"Okay, okay, I will. Just stay still." She breathed in deeply and then giggled, a little hysterical. Elation hit her because she had just escaped death by a miracle.

Her guardian angel breathed fast. In and out. "What's so funny?"

"You're the second man with a knife wound they'll find me with. Probably gonna blame me for this too."

"I'm not dead yet," he grunted. "I'll tell them exactly what happened."

"Hey, hey, stay with me." She snapped her fingers when he closed his eyes. "What's your name?"

"I'm Roy."

"Stay with me, Roy."

He gulped again, the pain made him wince. "I'm so sorry, Helen."

"What for?"

"For the horrible deed I've done to you. Your mother... I wish I could take it back."

"What horrible deed? You saved my life."

"It doesn't absolve my sins." He smiled, and there was a world of sadness in it. "You're very beautiful."

She blinked, surprised. That was the last thing she expected to hear.

"And very brave. Everyone heard how you stepped up for that ungrateful snake Aziz, against those criminals."

"Okay, but please stop talking. Just be still."

"It's easy to see why he loves you so much."

"Who does?"

"Kevin."

"What? What?"

He sighed and closed his eyes.

"Hey, hey, Roy, stay with me. Stay with me."

"Not dead yet," he grumbled.

"How? Do, do you know Kevin?"

"Not as much as I should have."

Someone opened the tap, and the drizzle turned into a shower. The fat drops splashed her striped uniform with mud. "I, I don't think Kevin loves me anymore. He's angry with me, and I have no idea why."

"He said he loves you with every breath he takes."

"What?" She stared at him, but he gave her a tired smile. His blue eyes were kind, reassuring. "When, when did he say that?"

"Two weeks ago, when he came to see me."

The world was spinning. Nothing made sense anymore. "Kevin came to see you? Who? Who are you?"

"Hey, we'll take it from here." Someone touched her shoulder. It was David, her block's guard. A paramedic gently took her hands off and started treating the wounded man. Helen slumped over on the muddy ground, just breathing, trying to make sense of what she has been told.

"Roy, what happened?"

"The Dominican sisterhood tried to murder her, happened. I intervened and got stabbed. She needs to go into PC."


"Where the hell is Shaun? He was supposed to guard this spot."

No one answered.

David spoke into his walkie-talkie, and five seconds later, the jail's alarm horns went off. More COs arrived huffing, carrying a gurney. They clustered around the wounded man, ignoring Helen.

She sat there in the pouring rain, splattered with black mud but feeling very clean. Absolved.

"Okay, on the count of three—one, two, three." The guards lifted the gurney, David motioned for her to get up.

They trudged toward the main building, but then Roy reached out from the gurney and grabbed Helen's uniform. "Helen, you got to tell Kevin what happened." He gulped.

"I will."

"Tell him he was right."

"About what?"

"About everything."

She stared at him, her mouth gaping open.

"Tell him he was right about everything. Almost everything. Tell him that people can change, even the worst kind. You got to promise me."

She nodded.

"Please keep my son safe."

"I will, pastor."

"Swear!"

"I swear."

–-

My dick's freezing. What are we waiting for?" Mike lit a joint and offered it to Kevin. Kevin ground it out on a lamppost and gave it back.

"Hey!" Mike hollered.

"I need you at the top of your game."

"I'm at the top when I'm feelin' breezy," Mike grumbled but didn't light another.

They hid from the rain under the Richardson and William's offices' awning, on 226 N. Clinton Street. The parking lot was empty, and the offices were dark, like a playground with no kids. Since the murder and the fraud investigation, the offices were closed.

"Why are we freezing our balls here instead of someplace with beer and trashed hotties?"

"We're meeting someone. Her." Kevin pointed at a scooter that waited patiently behind the line of vehicles at the traffic light.

"Is that your grandma? Who rides a scooter and sits in traffic with the cars?"

"It's Ginger."

Mike's eyes rounded to dinner-plate size.

"I knew you'd be thrilled."

"What do we need that backstabbing psycho-bitch for?"

"She's Helen's lawyer."

"Lady Macbeth and the Wicked Witch of the West were busy?"

Ginger pulled into the parking lot and lifted her pink helmet. Her blonde hair was peppered with rain, and she wore a short purple skirt with extra-tall boots to complete the effect. Ginger was a go-getter, always confident in a way that was the opposite of Helen. But as her heels clicked on the pavement, her steps faltered. Her sharp chin locked in half a surprise, half a snarl. She stood for a second, like a cat on the windowsill, hesitant before it commits. Kevin stared back at his friend. Mike's visage mirrored Ginger's.

"She's all I have," Kevin whispered. "Promise you'll be nice."

"Cross my heart. Yo, Hitler, wazzup?" Mike chirped. "Who's scaring the crows from the crops if you're here?"

"Choke!" Ginger flipped him two middle fingers. She looked like she wished she had more arms to flip more fingers. "What the fuck is Dopehead doing here, Kev?"

"Baiting fake blondes." Mike showed his white teeth. "You're the third."

"Me? I'm a fake? Oh, that's rich."

"See how she softens the 'TH' so you'd think she grew up in Manhattan? She's from the Bronx? Fake. Did you know her name used to be Jenny?"

"Yeah, she told me. Will you effing stop it?"

"She changed it because she thinks Ginger is more," Mike made air quotes, "exotic."

"Stop it!" Kevin raised his voice.

"Why? Let him, let him, Kev." Ginger struggled to put on a wide smile. "Mike, apparently, has been hoarding a lot more than just weed. It's unhealthy to keep so much frustration locked up. We don't want zombie-head to explode."

"Zombies eat brains. You're safe, Hitler."

"On second thought, suffering is good for an artist like Mike. And he is an artist after all. Like Amy Winehouse minus the talent and the fame.

It was Mike's turn to show his middle finger.

"How is the band, Mikey? Still playing at your cousin's bar?"

"Doing much better since we dumped your fat ass."

"Dumped?" She faked a chortle. "He begged me to stay, Kev."

"How is life in the fast lane, Jenny?"

"Blow me."

"You a hot shit lawyer yet?"

"At least I'm not living off my mom's salary like some loser we both know."

Mike gave a Bronx cheer. "Danielle told me Kaplan and Decker only hired you because her mom is a senior partner. I know exactly what they let you be in charge of. Coffee."

"So fucking what? The difference between you and me, Mike, that in ten years I'd draw a 100-grand salary while you will still be playing in your cousin's shitty bar and slinging weed to baghead students."

"Considering your GPA is even lower than your IQ, I doubt if they'll advance you higher than an over-qualified barista."

That hit the spot, because Ginger raised her fist, Bronx style, not Manhattan style. Kevin jumped between them. "Stop it, you two!" he roared. "Right now! Mike?"

"What?"

"What the fuck is wrong with you?"

"He's a loser and an asshole." Ginger contributed her opinion.

"Bitch."

"Have fun with Britney Spears, Kevin." Ginger turned on her heels. "I don't need this."

"Please don't go." Kevin grabbed her hand. "I desperately need you."

"I know you do." Her tone softened. "But what do we need him for?"

"Because we're losing." Kevin tried hard not to cry. "Because the woman I love is about to be sent to prison for life, and you and I are fresh out of ideas."

"I still don't see what we need him for."

"Mike is the smartest person I know."

"He's an idiot," Ginger said.

Mike snorted.

"An idiot who scored 180 on an IQ test," Kevin spoke fast before the winds of war blew again. "He's a hacker. With your warrant, we can search the office's servers and maybe prove that the Syndicate hacked into Helen's account."

"The FBI specialists didn't find anything." Ginger twisted her mouth as she scanned Mike.

"Maybe they're hiding the truth? Brigitte told me they have the cops and the FBI in their back pocket. I once saw an FBI agent coming down from Diana's office."

"I doubt that if there was a breach it happened in the office." Mike ruffled his dreads. "Helen worked from the penthouse through a VPN?"

"All the time." Kevin nodded. "See, that's why I needed you."

"Classic. Could have been guys pretending they're ISP service employees, a delivery guy, shit like that. Maybe someone broke in?"

"There was this one time when we had static interference with the cables. I called the cable company, and they sent two dudes." Kevin glared up at the dark clouds and picked his brain, trying to remember anything suspicious about the technicians.

"Could be it," Mike said. "Let's go, but we need to stop first at my cousin's shop and borrow equipment."

"Hey, hey." Ginger signaled a timeout. "The penthouse is part of the FBI investigation, and I only have a search warrant for the office."

"Can you get one?"

"In two or three weeks."

"Which we don't have." Kevin shook his head. "I've still got a key."

"I can lose my license, Kevin."

"Then my buddy and I will go." Mike patted Kevin's back. "And we'll call you, but we won't say where we are. That way you won't jeopardize your coffee-making future."

"Asshole."

–-

"Hey, Kev." Mike fiddled on his laptop and hooked up the equipment he'd borrowed from his cousin's electronics shop to Kevin's laptop. "Did you know every USB has three sides? Not this side, not this side either, and 'Oh, it was this side after all.'"

Mike always thought everything could be solved with a little humor. Kevin usually agreed, but not today.

"What the hell was that good for?" Kevin said.

"What?"

Kevin plonked himself down on Moody George and stared at his image in the black 70-inch TV screen. He barely recognized the person staring back. He felt stretched. Dry.

The modern living room was the Brion penthouse's pulsing heart, and now it had ceased. Moody George, a 13K vibrating massage chair, protruded in its midst. Kevin used to wait for Helen to go to the bathroom before conquering her seat, waiting eagerly to see her reaction when she came back. It never failed to make him laugh. She would make faces, and he would whistle, and she'd try to trick him off her throne. One time she flipped him over with the chair. Something broke, and since then Moody George had become manic depressive. It either hummed ineffectually, or it went into an aggressive vibration episode.

Happy memories.

Kevin closed his eyes and took in a deep breath. The room smelled of the love he'd lost. Where was Helen now? Was she thinking of him? Did she love him still? She had reasons not to.

"You and Ginger were an item, right?" he said. "Before Samantha?"

Mike snorted. "For like ten minutes."

"You told me you thought you'd found your one and only."

"To make you feel better about Helen and those dirty pictures." Mike frowned as he played on the laptop, his fingers quick like a pianist playing a well-practiced piece. "I thought was my one and only, and then she turned out to be...Hitler."

"I've never seen you like that. You were downright cruel."

"It rolled off her back. The bitch eats souls for breakfast."

"Dude."

"How come you're on her side?"

"I'm on Helen's side."

"She walked all over your you to get into that fucking jet-set sorority. Plus everyone on campus thinks you're a cheap skank. That's on her."

"She's representing Helen. She's risking the job she worked so hard to get just to help me."

"Gotcha!" Mike face lit up.

"What? What?"

"Thattaway!" Mike pointed at the hallway. Kevin followed him as he moved slowly, step by step, with the equipment at hand. They went past the bathroom and stopped at Kevin and Diana's bedroom. Mike sniffed like a hound dog, crawled into the room on hands and knees, looked under the bed, and pointed his equipment at the big empty closet.

"Well?" Kevin said.

"Patience, my young padawan. Impatience leads to anxiousness, and anxiousness leads to premature ejaculations." Mike disassembled drawers, then searched the interior with his iPhone's flashlight. He reached inside and pulled a black box the size of a smartphone. "Boom goes the dynamite!"

"What the fuck is that?"

"That's, my young apprentice, is an NBI5 military-grade key-logger. Well, this is the transmitter. It has a boyfriend. A small dongle in Helen's PC's USB port—very hard to detect if you don't know what to search for. It records every keystroke Helen makes and every file she downloads. The dongle sends it to this device, which in turn uses either WiFi or another network to send the information periodically to another location for safekeeping. Those cable guys didn't just fix the TV."

Kevin shook his head. "It wasn't them. This thing is a transmitter, right?"

"So?"

"It probably caused the interferences we had with the TV. That keylogger is the reason why we called the cable company in the first place."

"Who then?" Mike attached the black spying box to his laptop's USB port and fiddled on the keyboard again.

"I always wondered what Diana traded with Nadine for my father's debt. Jesus." Kevin felt bile going up. "That's Diana's closet, and she knows the WiFi password. I remember when we came back from Suzan Owen's mansion. Suzan gave her a mysterious box and a duffel bag."

"She sold her own flesh and blood?"

"Down the river." Kevin gave a bitter snort. "Jesus, she's so fucked up. I knew she hated Helen, but this? I..." Kevin dialed. "Hey, Ginger, we found the breach. They used a small spying device on Helen's desktop. That's how they hacked her passwords."

"The FBI got Helen's desktop," Ginger's voice sounded strained. She was still pissed, but she was trying to tone it down. Kevin decided he'd sit for a long one-on-one with Mike. "They let me inspect it. There was no spying device."

"And there was no CCTV footage showing Helen leaving the hotel either. Do you still believe a word the FBI or the police tell you?"

"That's good news, Kev."

"More good news over here," Mike waved. "Your master criminals aren't too sharp with their security. The NBI5 sends the data via a direct connection it opens to an Elasticsearch cluster. The user and password are in a configuration file, not encrypted or anything."

"No fucking way."

"Yes, fucking way."

"Can we? Can you...?"

"I'm already in."

"What's going on?" Ginger cried.

"Mike just hacked into the Syndicate database."

"I didn't hear you say that."

"Let's see what they have on Kevin O'Brien." Mike fiddled on his laptop and seconds later his face lit up with a massive grin. "What the hell is that? I think it's upside down." He flipped his laptop. "Oh, no, it's this side up. Swank, bro."

"What?"

Mike showed him the screen where Kevin starred in his debut BDSM film inside Sin's basement. "Who's the Asian hottie and more importantly, do you have her number?"

"Fuck!"

"What's happening?" Ginger said.

"Nothing!" Kevin blurted. "Try searching for Marianne Anderson. Let's dig dirt on the lying bitch."

"Nothing much, a few documents." Mike sniffed. "There is Brian Dunn Real Estate Services mentioned a lot."

"Probably the next company they're going to rob," Ginger said.

Kevin surfed his laptop. "Nope. According to Mr. Google, Brian Dunn filed for bankruptcy three years ago. Something about financial fraud."

"She's so going to be a defense witness!" Ginger's voice picked up a notch, she had forgotten all about breaking the law. "I'm gonna ride her ass so hard in court."

Kevin felt giddy. Hope was suddenly not a wishful thinking. "What about Helen Brion?"

"Just a sec." Mike's eyes crinkled at the corners. Kevin and Ginger's enthusiasm ignited his. "I'll ask Lucene."

"Who's Lucene? One of your floozies?" Ginger said.

"She's the Elasticsearch search engine, dummy. When God gave mankind brains, your ancestors must have been the control group."

"If you were half as smart as you think you are, Mike, you'd be twice as smart as you really are."

"You did the math on your own, Hitler? I'm impressed."

"Guys, we've got a bigger fish to fry. When we're done, you two can get a room."

"More like a doghouse for the bea—" Mike stopped when he saw the pain on Kevin's face. "Okay then. Over twenty thousand documents on the Helen Brion search. They even have her military records. Narrow it down, Kev."

"Limit the dates to the sixth of November."

"Murder day. Okay. Good call. A single email message, and a link to a bunch of movie files on Amazon cloud. Downloading now. They're heavy."

While they waited Kevin wrote on a piece of paper that Mike should ignore Ginger's provocations.

"First big file downloaded." Mike gave a thumbs-up. "CCTV footage. Looks like a hotel lobby."

Kevin checked the video. "That's the Comfort Inn's lobby."

"Right, right. The one near the university. Boom." Mike paused the footage. "That's Helen going in."

Kevin nodded.

"And that's you, Kev. Who's the hot brunette?"

Kevin shook his head. "I wasn't there. Those are Brigitte and Dima."

"He sure looks like you from the back. Got your blond spikes."

"Ginger, we just hit the jackpot," Kevin said. "This video could be just the thing we need."

"I hate to rain on your parade, Kev," Ginger sounded sincerely sad, "but stolen footage is inadmissible."

Mike pantomimed blowing his head with an imaginary gun, and Kevin pantomimed that he should zip it.

"Maybe I can spin it somehow," Ginger said. "Does it show Helen leaving the hotel?"

"Not yet, still downloading. The email mentions the murder, Mike?"

Mike went into his serious mode again. "Nice. They tapped her phone."

"How can you tell?"

"It's a message from S to M. Listen to this. 'Helen just texted William. She's onto everything. She mentioned names, including yours and mine. She knows about Destiny Mall. We might need D to contain Helen.'" Mike ruffled his dreads. "I'm guessing D is Diana, M is Marianne, and S is Suzan."

"Helen mentioned a message she sent to William on the sixth." Ginger sounded perplexed. "But I've got both William's and Helen's smartphones from the police. There was no message on either."

"You got the phones from the same investigator who couldn't find any CCTV footage of her leaving the hotel?" Kevin said.

"Yep."

"And you still think we can trust the police?"

"Not anymore."

"Okay, but if Helen said she sent the message, why didn't you try to get it from the cell phone company? They keep texting history."

"I thought...Helen also said it was you who invited her to the hotel. I couldn't find that text message either."

"So you figured Helen was making shit up." Kevin tried to control the anger, but some of it slipped. Even if the phone company saved text messaging history, it surely had a time limit.

"Kev—"

"Be honest, Ginger. When I asked for your help. You thought she was guilty."

"It doesn't matter what I believed."

"It matters to me."

"I...I didn't know then what I know now." Her voice broke. "I just, I just wanted to help, Kev, I felt so guilty about—"

"And the Oscar for being a calculating bitch goes to—" Mike made a drumroll with his fingers. "Admit it, Jenny, you don't give a rat's ass about Kevin or Helen. Coffee-making lost its charm, and you're looking for a way out. You figured Helen's case would look hot on your CV."

"That's not true! I—" She choked.

"And that's what you get when you hire Hitler as your attorney, Kev."

"You're a massive jerk, Mike. I'm so glad I had the brains to kick your sorry ass."

"What was that? I don't speak selfish-bitch."

"Mother fucker!"

"Cunt!"

"Stooooop!" Kevin roared at the top of his lungs.

Both Mike and Ginger went into awkward silence.

"You two have issues that are apparently more important than my girl going to prison for the rest of her life."

"Hey, bro, I didn't—"

"Shut the fuck up, Mike. I'm ending this now. Starting with you."

"Dude."

"Ginger dumped you and quit your band. So, she didn't think you're so hot. So fucking what? I've seen you dump dozens of girls.

"There's dumping, and there's dumping, Kev."

"Your ego is that fragile?"

"She called me a loser. She humiliated me in front of the entire band."

Kevin switched to kindergarten teacher tone. "Why did you call Mike a loser, Ginger?"

"Cause he's twenty-five, and he sells weed, and he's so proud of his stupid dreads. And he's a player and a condescending prick. My GPA sucks? When is he going to finish his B.Sc.? When he's fifty?"

Kevin gave a deep sigh. "Yeah, he's childish, so fucking what?"

"Bro."

"Mike, you're the older brother I've never had, but come on. You're partying into your Computer Science sixth year. It took me three years and a little to get to the finish line, and you're like ten times smarter. You should work for NASA. You could have been the next Bill Gates."

"I like to party; what the fuck's wrong with that? When the hell am I gonna party? When I'm fucking sixty, bald, and fucking breathing with an oxygen tank? And why am I even justifying myself? I don't fucking need to justify myself to either of you fucking idiots."

"See? Childish." Kevin could hear Ginger smirk over the phone.

"Still, that's no reason to humiliate him."

"He got what he deserved," Ginger said.

"Why?"

Ginger kept her mouth shut.

"How about little honesty? You're both full of shit. Your turn, Ginger. What was the terrible thing Mike did?"

"None of your fucking business, Kev."

"Come on, be a sport."

"Fuck off!"

"Once Helen is out of jail, I'll be happy to. I need to understand why, Ginger."

"Because he's a lying cheat, and a futaphobe bigot," Ginger screamed. "And I was just his futa-check."

Kevin took a few seconds to recover from the surprising outburst. When he spoke again, he dropped the condescending didactic tone. "His, his what?"


"Futa-check. Threesome, check. Skinny dipping, check. Sex on an airplane, check. Sex with a futa, check. That was me. He was my first. The guy I gave my... He was my first, and I was a check box on his list. He's a futaphobe. Once he marked the check box, he started sleeping around behind my back."

"Bullshit! Mike likes the girls, that's true. He's got the charm and the looks. But you know what else is true? He'd rather slice his nuts off before he'd cheat on a friend. As for him being a futaphobe, that's just stupid."

"He is."

"Mike is the kind of guy I can call at two a.m. and tell him I'm stuck in Alaska, and he won't ask any questions. He'd jump on a plane."

"If he's so great, then how come Samantha saw him getting to third base with that French skank from the cafeteria? Huh? Two days after he told me he loved me so he could get inside my pants."

"Samantha Carter?"

"Yeah."

"She's the one who also told you he's a futaphobe?"

"Yeah." Ginger didn't sound so sure.

"Are you aware that the lying bitch was his girlfriend for two months after you dumped him?"

"She what, when?"

"Maybe you'd like to call her and ask her why she lied?"

"Oh."

"Yeah. Oh."

"See, Kev. I tried to tell her."

"Yeah, I bet you did. Calling her Hitler and what not. Jesus, you're both so stupid. Mike, Ginger is representing Helen even though her boss threatened to fire her ass. I know how much that job means to her. She took Helen's case even though she was certain she'd lose. And she's not stupid, she's a talented lawyer. You should come to see her in court. Ginger, Mike told me not so long ago, and I quote, 'Ginger, I was so into her. I thought I'd found my one and only.' I've never heard Mike talk about any girl like that. And you know what else? It's not about a GPA or IQ, or if you draw a 100K salary or 200K. It's the people you care about. You two idiots, take it from me, because four years ago I lost two people that were everything, and no salary or brains can cure the pain I have to live with. I'm sure as hell not willing to let it to happen for the third time. So please..." He stared at Mike, daring him to say anything. Mike raised his hands, keeping his mouth zipped.

From the phone came Ginger's laborious breathing. "You really told Kevin I was your one and only, Mike?"

" I also told him that it took me no time to figure out we're a bad match."

"Your one and only and a bad match?"

"I'm Captain America, you're Hitler. Bad match."

"Oh, for fuck's sake. It's like talking to a brick wall." Kevin sighed. "What about the CCTV files?"

"Still downloading. It's gigs of footage."

"What do you mean your one and only?" Ginger's voice lost its hostility entirely. "Like with a ring, two kids, and a dog kind of thing?"

"Bad match, Hitler. Get it into your thick skull. Bad. Match. Under 'bad match' in the dictionary there's a picture of you and me."

"Kevin, when Mike said his one and only, what did he look like?"

"Sincere."

"Kev!" Mike snarled.

"What, bro?"

"You're not my friend anymore."

"Resignation denied. What about the files?"

"They're—Oh, fuck. I've been logged out."

"Log back in."

Mike shook his head. "They're onto us. One of their users who always uploaded files started downloading stuff. I've set the alarm bells; they're not that clueless, apparently."

"Do they know who we are?"

"I connected through a proxy, but they know where this user was installed. They might send someone to check."

"Fuck! I know who they'll send. Believe me, we don't want to be here when she arrives."

"I didn't get the footage."

"I have an idea."

"Why would you say something like that to Kevin?" Ginger was unfazed by the imminent danger. "You never told me you thought I was your one and only, Mike."

"I fucking hate you both."

–

"I was sitting at my desk, drinking coffee." Mr. Durham was a massively overweight man, one Hershey bar from obese. Black, bald, in his fifties. On the witness stand, he seemed like a shy child who wanted nothing more than to escape the situation back into his Fortnite game. "Then I received the call from Ms. Anderson."

"What time was that?" Ginger said.

"Around eight-thirty."

"What did she say?"

"That she was hiding in her office and she saw Helen Brion stab William with a knife. That I should hurry. She sounded terrified."

"What happened then?"

"Exactly what I said in my police testimony. I took the elevator up. It was faster than the stairs." He blushed. "I saw Helen attacking William with a knife. I pointed my gun at her and told her to back off. She screamed back at me that she was trying to save him. A few seconds later, the paramedics came because Ms. Anderson alerted the emergency services. The police came a few minutes later."

"Wait, wait, let's go back a little. You saw Helen attacking William with a knife? What did she do? Did she stab him repeatedly?"

"No."

"Then why did you say that she attacked him? Where were her hands?"

Mr. Durham chewed his own tongue when he was nervous. Ginger found it very annoying, so she tried focusing on the hairs coming out of his ear. "Uh... She held the hilt with one hand, and the other was, eh, on the blade."

"You can't stab someone with your hand on the blade. You'd cut your fingers."

"That's what she did."

"Where exactly did she touch the blade? Near the hilt?"

"No, farther down."

"Where it entered the body—she applied pressure where the knife entered the body."

"Yes."

Ginger nodded, smiling. "Because that's how you treat a knife wound. On the field, you never take the knife out. She stabilized it with one hand and put pressure on the wound with the other, around the blade. That's how you stop someone from bleeding."

"Maybe she pretended to stop the bleeding because I pointed the gun at her?"

"We don't deal in speculations regarding other people's thoughts in court. Just what you saw and your thoughts, Mr. Durham," Ginger said tenderly. "You said in your testimony that the victim's shirt was torn. Did you mean it was ripped, or torn due to the stabbing?"

"Ripped, like someone ripped it off."

"You mean, Helen ripped it?"

"Probably."

"And didn't you find it odd that after stabbing someone Helen took the time to rip off his shirt? I mean, why bother doing that unless she wanted to search for more wounds? Because that's exactly what you should do at a knife wound scene."

"Ma'am, in the heat of the moment, I had little time to think. I acted on instinct."

"You mean you acted on Ms. Anderson's phone call."

The tongue chewing increased tenfold. "I guess."

"Fair enough; no one judges you. You did the right thing." Ginger gave him her most reassuring smile. "Helen's phone was on the ground, and she was talking with someone when you entered the office, correct?"

"The emergency services."

"That couldn't have been a pretense. The defendant called them before you arrived on the scene."

"Yes."

"Now let's pretend that you came on the scene by mistake, without receiving Ms. Anderson's phone call first. Is it safe to assume you'd think Helen was trying to save William's life?"

"Probably yes."

"No further questions your honor."

–-

"I didn't pressure him on purpose, even when he said he saw Helen attacking William." Ginger's hands shook as she rinsed her face in the cooler water for the third time. At court, she looked as fresh as the next beautiful weather girl, but every time she came out of the session, she breathed like she had just completed a marathon. "I wanted Durham on my side. I didn't want to alienate him."

"You were brilliant back there," Kevin had his eyes on the stairs, which Helen was supposed to come up. The jail had made a blunder this morning, and she was late to court. It took several angry phone calls from Ginger to fix. "I'm so glad I had the balls to call you."

"Really?"

"You nailed it, Ginger. You gave the jury something to think about."

"Thanks. It means a lot."

He once thought like Mike, that Ginger was a calculating, confident, selfish bitch. The past year had taught him that nobody wears shades of either black or white. He eyed her carefully and saw a beautiful girl, fighting her own demons and insecurities.

"What's in the duffel bag, Kev?"

"I've cooked stuff that Helen loves. She looked so thin last time, like they don't feed her. I thought you might slip it to her. Maybe. Please? I'll bribe whomever it takes."

"They'll never let me."

"It was worth a shot."

Ginger swiped more water. "Fuck, I'm sweating like a hog."

"Nah, you look great. I like what you've done with your hair."

She gave a faint smile. "I dyed back to my original ginger color. I'm done being a fake blond. That's the real me. Carrot-top Jenny from da Bronx."

"I'm sorry that things got so ugly between you two, but you shouldn't let Mike get under your skin."

"Mike is okay. I've hurt him more than I realized, and for something he didn't even do. We talked and... Fuck, okay, Mike is awesome."

Mike chose that moment to show his smiling mug. He strutted into the court's hallway swiveling his hips like a cat-walk model. "Mike is ready to lock and load and testify the ass out of the jury. Whaddaya think about the costume, Kev?"

Kevin stared at him, eyes wide and mouth open. Speechless.

Mike wore a suit. Jacket, grey trousers, white shirt, waistcoat, pocket square, and a soft blue tie. Nothing to write home about except that it was Mike. You wouldn't catch Mike in a suit even if you'd promised a threesome with Scarlett Johansen and Emma Stone. He wore fake glasses and had shaved for once. The most astounding alteration lay on top. His trademark, Mike's long dreads, were gone. Sheared. He wore a clean butch cut instead.

"Whaddya think?"

"I like the straight un-wasted vibe. Brings out the dork in your eyes. Just one question."

"Shoot!"

"Who the fuck are you?"

"Funny. I'm doing it for Helen, so you like owe me favors for the rest of your life." Mike loosened his tie. "Shoot, I feel like an idiot."

"But you look tight." Ginger danced forward and straightened his tie, then gave him a peck on his cheek. "Wow, Mike, I'm speechless."

"Mike, may he rest in peace, was a cool cat." Mike made the sign of the cross. "He used to play in a band that was all about social justice. This scarecrow is Michael. The douche who sold his soul to conservatism. Might as well join the Tea Party and start hash-tagging, was fun for me too."

"No one gives a crap about your soul." Ginger pulled Mike's tie and, in front of Kevin's astounded eyes, conquered his lips with a French kiss. Mike didn't resist. In fact, he locked his hands around her slender neck and pulled her for another long kiss when she was done.

"What the fuck?" Kevin finally found his voice.

"What?"

"What do you mean, what? I fell through a hole in reality, and I'm in a parallel universe. I just saw you guys kiss. You're...? You're back together!"

"It makes it easier to fight."

"When did that happen? Wait, wait, time out, Mike. Every night this week you that didn't return to the dorms. You told me you were sleeping at some friend's place."

Ginger smiled like a cat caught with its paw dipped inside the fishbowl. "He lied. He barely slept. Very little sleeping was involved."

"Gross."

Ginger sucked on her finger and cleaned the lipstick she'd left on Mike's face.

"What about your, 'We're a bad match' speech?"

"Meh." Mike waved his hand in dismissal. "Matching is overrated."

–-

"I've just received an email from you, Your Honor," Mike beamed.

Judge Henley squinted his eyes. "Really?"

"Yep, I'll read it. People reflecting about our law system might think of TV shows like Suits, or Law & Order or Boston Legal. But actually, it's more like Lost."

People sniggered, and even the judge cracked a smile. "Very clever of me, and surprising, considering my Sent Items box is empty."

"Nonetheless." Mike showed him his laptop. "Your Honor, I can make you send any email I want to, to any recipient I feel like. For example, I can make you send an email telling me to launch Destiny Mall, and you'll never be the wiser."

Michael D'Angelo, the conservative security expert with an array of bombastic acronyms attached to his title (he took a test for Amazon AWS and several other lesser known companies a week before his testimony), and owner of M&GB Cyber Security (Ginger and Mike registered the company a few days earlier, M&GB stood for Mike & Ginger, Bullshit), gave brilliant testimony in court. He took the jury by the hand, explaining in simple terms how the NBI5 key-logger worked.

He brought his laptop to court. Using his natural style, charm, and wit, he demonstrated, with the device found in Helen's apartment, how to hack into the court's system. As a final stroke, he sent a fake email to himself from Judge Henley's account. The jury's male part was impressed. The female part wanted to adopt him; the younger ones wanted to have his kids.

All that was left was Larry's cross-examination.

"It's a bit confusing." Larry began pacing but then remembered that Judge Henley hated melodrama. "My esteemed colleague received a search warrant for the defendant's apartment a few hours ago, and already you've managed to search it, find this, this..."

"NBI5 key-logger." Mike had his half innocent, half rascal smile on. Girls loved it; boys, not so much.

"And so quickly concluded that it was used to hack the defendant's home PC."

"Was there a question?" Mike said.

"I'm just a bit confused, Mr. D'Angelo."

"Does it happen a lot?" Mike appeared genuinely interested. "You, feeling confused?"

Larry didn't like cocky kids with an attitude. "I've read the FBI reports. There is nothing about a dongle spying device thing on the defendant's computer."

"The NBI5 key-logger has two modules. The box I found in Helen's apartment, and a dongle, similar to the one I've attached to the court's PC. This particular key-logger is useless without its counterpart."

"But the FBI didn't find one on the defendant's home computer."

Mike turned his head in Helen's direction and winked, earning a grin.

"Please tell me why you're so certain Helen's PC had a spying module when the FBI found nothing."

Mike gave the prosecutor a blank stare. "That's for the FBI to explain. It was there at some point. People buy expensive wiretapping equipment for one reason."

"There were other computers in that house."

"Kevin's laptop?"

Larry nodded. "A possibility."

"You mean someone bought the NBI5 to spy on a computer science student?"

"It's still a possibility."

Mike snorted. "Maybe they needed help with calculus?"

"It's—"

"Or maybe they wanted to know where you can pick up the hottest girls on campus? It's on the law school faculty's lawn, hands down, in case you were wondering." Mike beamed in Ginger's direction. She sent him a discreet air kiss when no one was watching.

"I wouldn't know," Larry said. "Unlike you, when I was in law school I did this strange thing called studying."

"And I'd say I believe you excelled at it, only I'm under oath, so I can't."

Larry reached a boiling point, which was good, because Mike's testimony had several holes. "No further questions, Your Honor."

–-

"Ms. Anderson," Court Ginger reminded Kevin of a hawk. Focused and aimed. Dangerous. "How long have you been a real estate analyst?"

"Almost twenty years now."

"She was the senior analyst, but she's also fifteen years younger than you. Was it difficult working under her?"

"Quite the contrary." Marianne's smile oozed confidence. If the Ginger hawk intimidated her, none of it surfaced. "It makes me proud when one of us girls make it in this world, despite the prejudice that sadly still exists everywhere."

"Ms. Anderson, where were you employed before Richardson and Williams?"

"Brian Dunn Real Estate Services."

"You weren't promoted to a senior analyst at Brian Dunn, right?"

"No."

"Was it because of 'the prejudice that sadly still exists everywhere'?" If Marianne hoped pressing Ginger's futanari sisterhood buttons might earn her points, then that strategy failed utterly.

"Brian Dunn filed for bankruptcy. I'd only been there for a year."

"I know. There was some sort of embezzlement claims. Someone from the inside stole the company's money and used the company to launder drug money. Sound familiar?"

"There was an investigation, but no charges were pressed." Marianne suddenly looked like she wished she could be elsewhere.

"Ms. Anderson, where were you employed prior to Brian Dunn?"

"Various real estate firms."

"I'll refresh your memory." Ginger zeroed in on the juicy rabbit and was waiting for the right moment. "Colony Capital. You worked there for two years until the company died; bankruptcy again. A fraud investigation—"

"Objection, Your Honor, irrelevant." Larry looked like he was ready to burst into tears.

"Really?" Judge Henley raised his eyebrows. "You can't see how it's relevant?"

"Thank you, your honor," Ginger dimpled. "Colony Capital had its capital stolen."

"I had nothing to do with it!" Marianne's voice cracked.

"But the police interrogated you. Why?"

Mike poked Kevin's ribcage. "Isn't she the hottest?" he whispered. "I can watch her bully people all day."

"You mean, Hitler?"

"First time I heard her sing, I knew she was the one. She sounds like Adele."

"Last week you wanted to tar and feather her."

"That's so last week, Kev, get over it."

"You said she eats souls for breakfast.

"I'm a complex person, I'm an onion like Shrek. I have multiple layers."

"And they're all the same."

"Pretty much."

"Before Colony Capital, you worked for Jonathan Woodner Holdings." Ginger was in full swing. "Another job terminated by your employer's bankruptcy. Before Woodner Holdings, you worked as an analyst for Kraft Real Estate Group. It didn't file for bankruptcy, but there was a fraud investigation. The owner claimed Mafiosi blackmailed his personnel and robbed the company." Ginger let the information torrent sink. "Do you believe you're jinxed, Ms. Anderson? Or can you offer another explanation why every company you've worked for during the past six years was investigated for blackmail and theft through dummy corporations?"

"Objection, argumentative."

"I withdraw the question." Ginger held out printouts which she gave the jury and Marianne. "Presenting exhibit 76C, a text message I obtained from the victim's mobile service provider. The text was sent from the defendant's phone on November the sixth. I'll read it now." Ginger paused, waiting for a second for the whispering to die down. 'William, our company is under attack. It may sound imaginary, but criminal elements have planted employees in our firm. They plan to steal and have already stolen funds using dummy corporations. Destiny Mall is a land fraud, it's a fake project. We must prevent its launch at the meeting today.' The defendant continues and lists the people she suspects are part of the conspiracy. Among them, the missing board member, Suzan Owens, and the current CFO, also missing, Alan Mason. Now, Ms. Anderson, can you explain why your name is on that list?"

"Who knows what goes inside a criminal mind?" Marianne smirked. "Helen needed to shift the blame, so she tried to blindside William."

"And failed. William was on to her plans, so Helen murdered him?"

"Obviously."

"That night, according to your testimony, you saw him yell at her in his office."

"I stand by that testimony."

Ginger lowered her voice and smiled sweetly. "Because he didn't buy into her wild accusations?"

"Obviously."

"Well, on the victim's desk, on the night of the murder, the police found five letters of dismissal. Please observe exhibits 54a to 54e. Dismissal letters, effective immediately, for every person mentioned in the defendant's text message, including Ms. Marianne Anderson. There's one name missing from the stack. Can you guess which one, Ms. Anderson?"

Marianne glared at her.

"It's Helen Brion's. Please explain, if William, as you said, didn't buy into Helen's claims and figured she was the person stealing his money, how come he fired everyone except her?"

–-

"Mr. O'Brien," Ginger said.

Kevin stared across the courtroom at Helen.

But as for the cowardly, the faithless, the detestable, as for murderers, the sexually immoral, sorcerers, idolaters, and all liars, their portion will be in the lake that burns with fire and sulfur, which is the second death.

His biological father, Pastor Roy, loved to quote Revelation. It placed murderers and liars in the same afterlife boat, and Kevin was about to tell the lie of a lifetime.

"Mr. O'Brien." Ginger snapped her fingers. She strongly objected to his plan, saying he could end in jail for his stunt. It took two days to convince her he was doing it with or without her consent.

Everyone lied, and their lies painted Helen as something she wasn't. Why couldn't he lie too?

The mythical northern Valkyries chose those among the slain who were Valhalla material. Kevin's Valkyrie was life, not death. He gazed across the courtroom, and their eyes met. Helen's lower lip trembled, but when he caught her eye, a sudden smile curved up her cherry lips. He would go to the gates of hell for this woman, so jail was no biggie.

"Mr. O'Brien, I hold in my hands a CCTV image taken from the Comfort Inn's lobby on the sixth. Do you recognize this person?" The footage they downloaded from the Syndicate's database showed Dima and Brigitte from the back. Dima had Kevin's height and slim physique, and the Russian Lace Boy shared his blond spikes. The lie was plausible if one could only observe Dima from the back.

"That's me."

"Are you sure?"

"It's me in that picture. I came to see Helen. Like she said, I scheduled the meeting."

"But Helen said you never showed up."

"I come from a very religious family, ma'am. I grew up inside a deeply conservative region. I was taught that being intimate with a futanari is a grave sin. We simply don't do things like that, and straying makes you a pariah. A gay couple in my hometown was shot by religious fanatics. Everyone heard about the Army of God trial three years ago. That's where I'm from." Kevin took a deep breath. "Helen lied. She wanted to protect me, even at her own expense."

"I see. So, you and the defendant spent your day together in the hotel room?"

"Yes."

"What time did Helen leave?"

"Eight, just like she said."

"But Ms. Anderson says she met Helen at the office at eight."

"Marianne is lying. It's a half an hour drive from the Comfort Inn to the office."

–-

"Are you seriously trying to convince me that you and the defendant were lovers?"

"I'm not trying to convince you of anything. I'm telling the truth."

Larry regarded Helen, then tried to outstare Kevin. As the day progressed and Ginger chipped away at the prosecution's arguments, the public prosecutor seemed to slowly deflate, like a balloon with an air-leak. Kevin's lie poured color back into his cheeks.

"So you're saying that you and the woman who extorted you became a couple? That you suffered some sort of Stockholm Syndrome?"

"She never extorted me—"

"We've already been there. She forced you into a relationship with her sister, but now you're saying that it wasn't enough? She wanted you for herself?"

"Will you let me explain, please? Because it feels like you're trying to put words in my mouth instead of asking me questions."

"Go right ahead."

Ginger told Kevin that Larry's father was a retired attorney with an almost legendary reputation. Public prosecutor, despite the Hollywoodish halo, was the least-paying job a law-school graduate could land. Perhaps, just like Kevin, Larry was struggling to find his own path under his father's shadow. Perhaps everyone did.

"Helen never forced me to do anything. She had no idea I couldn't afford to pay my debt, and I was too embarrassed to share my family issues with a stranger. She told me she never even considered I'd take the deal. Helen only offered it to patch things up with her sister. Once I took the deal, she regretted offering it. It was a rough start between us, I won't deny it. But time went by. We lived together in the same apartment. And, and...and it happened."

Larry turned to the jury, opening his hands. "Just happened?"

"Helen is warm, shy, generous, and she has a gentle soul, and I couldn't help falling for her."

"Did the defendant or someone in her name force you to say those words?"

"What? No!"

"Mr. O'Brien, the defendant is behind bars." Larry tried a different approach, changing his tone to what he believed was parentally supportive. "I know she can be manipulative, but she cannot harm you, not anymore. Did the defendant force you to meet her in the hotel so she'd have an alibi? And let me remind you, son, you're under oath."

Son? Kevin had more than enough fathers. He gazed beyond Larry, and his eyes found the love of his life again. "You're seriously asking me this?"

"Your Honor, please instruct the witness to answer the question."

"You think I've invented my love for her?"

"Did you?"

"You're saying she's behind bars, and she can't touch me, and all I can think of is that she's behind bars, and I can't touch her. That I'm about to lose her forever. You're aiming your guns at her, but you only need a single bullet to kill us both. Because if you convict Helen for something she didn't do, then you can close this whole show for all I care. Everything. This place, the city, the stars, the moon, the sun, and the ocean. You can fold the ocean with all the fish and the dolphins and throw it behind bars with everything else that I love. Because if I can't share them with her, then I really can't see the point."

He risked another peek at Helen. The love of his life stared back at him with wonder.

"I hope that answers your question."

–

Kevin found Ginger sitting on the stairs outside the courthouse trying to light a cigarette. Her hands were shaking so hard, she failed every time.

"Everything cool?"

"Yeah, yeah," she blushed and dropped the cigarette. "I shouldn't be smoking, anyway. I took ages to quit, and the smoke kills my voice."

"Something happened?"

"No, no, yes. Something good. Good news. Excellent news, actually. Jason Abramson, Larry's assistant, came to see me a minute ago. Larry wants to cut a deal."

"Meaning?"

"It means he thinks he'll lose. He wants to reach a plea bargain. Voluntary manslaughter instead of first-degree murder. Three to eleven years, and Larry is bendable, and Helen is a war hero."

"In human language?"

"Four years and then Helen will be eligible for parole."

"And you told him to go fuck himself?"

Ginger shook her head slowly.

"But we're winning. It's Marianne's word against Helen's word now, and no one believes a word coming out of Marianne's mouth."

"The jury probably thinks Marianne is part of the conspiracy, but we still haven't proved that Helen didn't murder William. Her fingerprints are on the murder weapon, just hers and William's. No one else's. And frankly, each time the jury look at Helen, they see this emotionless statue. The less time she is on the stand, the better."

"That's just her defense mechanism. She's sensitive, and she's scared, but if you take the time and give her a chance—"

"They are her jury, not her support group." Ginger tore the cigarette and tossed it into a can. "Kev, your testimony might have tipped Larry's decision, but it's full of holes. Give him time, and even an idiot like him might find them. It could backfire bigtime. Convincing the jury is not an exercise in computer science. There are no guarantees."

"What are you saying?"

"That as her lawyer, it's my duty to advise her to take the deal. She'll be out in four years."

"A convicted murderer for a crime she didn't commit." Kevin's elation turned to numbness.

"I'm so sorry, Kev, but this is our best bet."

"Four years, you say?"

"I'll pressure them for a white-collar prison. Nothing hardcore like Alexander."

"If that's a wise choice, I'll...I guess I'll have to wait for her."

"You're okay?"

"Four hours ago, she had a ticket for a life in prison, so four years is really no biggie." He wiped a tear that escaped his attempt at stoicism.

Ginger surprised him when she stood up, wrapped an arm around his shoulders and pulled him close, gently rubbing his arm. He sank into the warmth of her side, appreciating the simple gesture. "I'm so sorry, Kev."

"We did everything we could."

"No, I've never asked your forgiveness for that night. The stupid sorority party. You were Mike's friend, and I was so angry with Mike, and I wanted so bad to get into Alpha Pi. I thought it guaranteed a good salary in the real world. And I thought you wouldn't mind because...I've made so many stupid excuses for treating you like crap. But there was no excuse; I used you. It was selfish and so ugly."

"Water under the bridge." Kevin's voice was soothing. "I forgave you long ago."

"And you were right. It's not about a 100K or a 200K salary, it's the people you care about. I...I told you how my dad was a janitor in Brooklyn?"

"Yeah."

"My mom worked as a cashier her whole life. Money was always an issue. Constant fighting. How come she spent so much, and how he never earned enough. My mom hated my dad's incompetence, his lack of ambition. But she was always too scared to leave because she still relied on the little he could provide. It tore us apart as a family, and I was always so terrified I'd end up like them. Poor and miserable because of it. But it's no excuse for being a selfish bitch. I'm so sorry, Kev."

Kevin nodded. "Yeah, me too. I was always terrified I'd end up like my parents too."

–-

Four years. Minus the time Helen already served. The clock started ticking.

Kevin imagined a giant clock on a prison wall. For some reason, time stood still in that clock, and he banished the image. He would visit her. Every day if possible.

He was so immersed in his dark thoughts that he didn't notice the giant black woman who stepped up to the urinal next to his until she pulled out a dong the size of a baseball bat.

Madam Hulk let out a sigh as she fired a golden stream. "Fuck, I never understood urinals with ice cubes."

"You mean you like drinking your piss warm, Cecilia?"

"Smart."

"I saw maybe fifty cops outside; all I need to do is scream," Kevin said.

"All I need to do is twist your scrawny neck."

"Nadine might be pissed."

"Someone wants to see you." She placed her massive palm on his back. "Be a good boy, and there will be no neck-twisting and no Nadine pissing."

He stepped outside, Madam Hulk keeping a firm hand on his shoulder. He scanned the shadows, searching for an opportunity to bolt. She led him down a corridor into an unoccupied courtroom. "Go! She's waiting inside."

"Nadine?"

"Just go."

Two goons waited for him by the door. A Native American and a sumo wrestling type. Both towered over him; both had muscles to spare and a nasty gloat that dared him to try anything—they'd love it. Nothing he wasn't used to after living in Nadine's mansion. The sumo guy frisked him. Kevin didn't mind. His eyes fixated on the woman waiting in the middle of the room.

She was the first girl to ever say she loved him, and he never said those words back to her.

"Hi, Diana."

"Hey, Baby Butt."

"You look...loaded, yep, that's the word. You look rich."

His ex-girlfriend wore her fancy dress like a second skin and enough jewelry to buy a small country.

"I'm doing okay."

Kevin snickered.

"You like?"

"It doesn't change who you are."

"I'm rich. That's what I am. That dress is a Saint Laurent, it costs 16K. The handbag is a genuine Stalvey, it cost me 20K. The shoes are Prada, they cost only 3500."

"They can't cover your personality."

"No, they just make me look really good on the outside, which is really what counts."

"How come you and Helen even carry the same genes?"

Diana shrugged.

"So how is life at the top? This is what you always dreamed of, no? Being filthy rich. No one to look down on you. No simple guard on duty to belittle your Maserati."

"It's nice."

"So, you're what now? The syndicate's money launderer?"

"I'm richer than Helen ever was or dreamt of being."

"Helen is about to go to prison because of you. She has nothing."

"Tell her I'm sorry."

Kevin growled and raised his fist. The Indian-looking goon reached under his coat, but Diana signaled for him to relax.

"I'm sorry that it ended that way," she said.

"I guess it makes everything fine and dandy, then."

"I guess it doesn't."

"How could you?" Kevin had to convince himself that blowing up wouldn't help. "Helen always loved you. She never asked for anything. She gave you everything you asked her to."

"Except respect," Diana hissed.

"That's your excuse for selling her? And for what? Money."

"You know why I did it."

"To make sure I'd stay."

"We do crazy things when we're in love. You of all people should know."

"In love?" Kevin snorted. "You're sick. I forgot how much fun it is to argue with you. Like banging my head against a brick wall."

"I remember a time when you loved banging your head against this wall."

"Are we done, Diana, because I've got places to be?"

"I'm a wanted criminal." Diana pulled an envelope out of her Stalvey handbag. "There's a warrant for my arrest."

"Yeah, I know."

"I'm going down south, across the border. I thought I'd ask if you want to come with."

"Sure."

"Was worth a shot." Diana grabbed his neck before he could resist and pulled him over for a tender kiss. When it ended, she nuzzled his neck. "Almost forgot how good you smell. Had to do one for old time's sake. We were amazing together."

"We were terrible together." He gently unwrapped her hands from his neck.

"I guess you and Helen make more sense."

"I love her."

"You know, I could see it coming from miles. If you feel you need revenge, just think how fun it was for me to watch you two stumble into each other's arms. Like watching an inevitable train wreck that's about to run you over. She'll need this." Diana gave him the envelope.

"What's that?"

"I found it in one of Suzan Owens' safes. The old hag didn't do sex or drugs; her kink was watching. She kept so many videos... even some that she should have burned."

–

"Come in."

Judge Henley's office was an ode to law and disorder. Law books stacked the shelves, overflowing. Row after row of neatly lined-up books covered the rugs and snaked around the room like walls made of paper and leather. Ginger navigated through and skipped above them. The elderly judge slouched, disrobed, in a comfy chair in the middle of his messy kingdom, his legs up in the air, resting on a small table. Larry sat rigid in the opposite chair and looked even more miserable than usual.

"Sit down, have a drink." The judge opened a small drawer. "Scotch? Larry told me you're willing to settle, and I believe it's a wise choice. I must tell you I was impressed—" He stopped in mid-sentence when he registered the look on Ginger's face.

"Before we cut any deal, Your Honor, you two must see this." She held out a USB flash drive. "I've just received it from...well, you can call it an anonymous tip. Mike, I mean Michael, says it can be easily verified as legit because cameras have fingerprints."

"What is it?" the judge said.

Ginger inserted the flash drive into his desktop computer. "The Richardson and Williams offices' stolen CCTV video from the night of the murder."

The movie popped on-screen and Ginger immediately forwarded to eight o'clock. It showed several hallway cameras, including footage just outside William's office.

"Who is that?"

"Suzan Owens, the missing board member," Ginger blurted. "Watch this."

The video showed Suzan entering the office and starting what looked like, even devoid of sound, a heated conversation. It showed William violently getting up and grabbing her collar and the stab that followed.

Ginger paused the video and enlarged the image. "See that? He's holding the knife, and she holds his palm. That's why there were no fingerprints other than his and Helen's on the handle. I think, I think she didn't mean for it to happen."

The judge nodded.

"Watch this, now it gets even more interesting."

Suzan went out of the office, then returned.

"She's scared."

The tall futanari on the screen pulled out her smartphone.

"Who is she calling? If this was a mistake, how come she's not helping him?"

Ginger fast forwarded fifteen minutes.

"Oh," said both Larry and the judge simultaneously as Marianne Anderson entered from the elevator. The women met in the hallway, then checked on William's office.

"And all this time he was bleeding in there. Manslaughter or possibly self-defense turned into murder." Judge Henley frowned. "Where are they running to?"

"To hide in Marianne Anderson's office. Watch this—they pulled the room's blinds and turned the lights off. They heard the elevator coming up."

The footage showed Helen entering the office. She was talking on the phone and looked over the darkened room, where the two women were hiding. Helen paused in the hallway, visibly agitated by the conversation.

"I knew Helen didn't murder William," Ginger said," but I wondered how it was pulled off. It wasn't. Just Helen's rotten luck. She was at the wrong place at the wrong time. Quick thinking by these two. I believe it was Marianne who decided they could pin it on her. At least we know she called the emergency services and Mr. Durham."

On the screen, Helen opened William's office and immediately dropped to her knees trying to save him. Outside in the hallway, Suzan Owens slipped out of the office.

"That's it. You know the rest." Ginger paused the movie. "You can take this film to an expert, in case you think it's a fake, Larry. But we both know it's legit."

"Wow." Judge Henley wiped sweat from his brow. "In my entire career, I've seen nothing... wow. First things first." He pressed his intercom.

"Security."

"Hey, Dwight, this is Russell Henley. Is Marianne Anderson still sitting in my courtroom?"

"I'll check."

"If you find her, correction, when, when you find her, please arrest her immediately. I'll have the warrant signed in a jiffy."

"What about Helen?" Ginger said.

"Do you even need to ask?"

"Oh my God, Larry." Ginger slapped Larry's shoulder. "You dropped something."

"What?"

"The charges."

–-

"I'll never be able to pay you back, Ginger. But at least I'll compensate you for your time once I get my bank account back."

Kaplan and Decker's founders' portraits stared down from the office walls. Ginger's firm was 190 years old, and she was willing to bet that those harsh men looking down at her once owned real slaves. She sure was glad that everyone had already gone home. Her boss would freak out if he knew she refused hard cash.

"I did it for Kevin. Anyway, if I take your money, Mike will never let me hear the end of it."

"I'll be more than happy to have you represent me in the fraud trial."

Ginger shook her head. "The FBI won't be pressing charges. I talked with the clown in charge of the investigation; we've been talking a lot this past month. He doesn't like me that much, but he hinted that it took Marianne fifteen minutes to sign a deal. She already cleared you of any suspicions, and she named five FBI agents who'd sold out to the syndicate. A guy named Brian Thompson is behind the dongle disappearing from your computer. The name rings a bell?"

"Not really."

"He was working for your sister."

Helen was too emotionally exhausted to deal with the implications.



So this was freedom? Elation hit her earlier when Kevin confessed his love for her. Now she didn't feel elation, she just wanted to sleep.

"When do you think I'll get my apartments and money back, Ginger?"

"It's the government. They're slow. A month or two, maybe three, but I'll help. Don't look so put down, you've just escaped a life sentence. Put a smile on, Helen—the boys are on their way."

Helen rubbed her face. "I don't want to sound ungrateful. Hell, just knowing I don't have to go back to that awful place makes me want to kiss your feet. But I feel like I'm back to square one. I don't have a job. Shit, I realized I don't even have a place to live."

"I'm renting this new banging pad, starting next week. You can come live with me."

Helen turned her head to the door; it felt almost surreal.

"Of course, if you can't pay rent, then we need to figure another solution," Kevin said. "After all, someone once told me that grownups need to own their shit. You'll have to be my girlfriend for a year."

"I guess I earned that." Helen had dreamt of this moment for such a long time, imagined it in so many ways. She had a speech ready. There were scenarios of apologies, his and hers. Then as time went by, she became desperate, she thought she'd just beg him to take her back. Now that the moment was finally here, she was lost.

Kevin stood at the door; he opened his mouth and looked just as overwhelmed.

Mike never suffered awkwardness a single day in his life. He shoved Kevin aside, rushed into the room singing 'We are the champions' at the top of his lungs and gave Helen a massive hug and a kiss that made Ginger growl and Helen give a belly laugh.

"A rapist, a murderer, and a futanari nympho are in the same prison shower...what? Too soon for soap-dropping jokes?"

"Yes." Ginger punched him, then gave him a possessive kiss. Had she been a lioness, she would have marked him with pee. "Try a little sensitivity, Mike."

"Good thing you're off the hook, Helen. My homie here was turning into a zombie. No sleep, no eat, no fun to hang out with. Total downer. By the way, idiot," he turned to Kevin, "you may kiss the bride."

And that was all they needed. No speeches, no apologies, just a kiss, a very long one. A second later, Helen's arms were around his body, Kevin's were around her neck, and their lips melded. Her warm body and curves were again in his arms, and the soft, beautiful lips he loved to touch were suddenly real. Kevin tasted his Valkyrie, again and again, just taking a break now and then to wipe the tears from her wet cheek.

"Ooh, this is so, I dunno." Mike pretended to wipe a tear. "Okay, I said kiss, singular, not plural. Kev, we got half an hour to return the suits to my cousin."

"Can't you keep the suit till tomorrow?" Ginger let Mike's tie playfully slide through her fingers. "I feel like doing naughty things to this suit. While you're in it."

"Tempting, but I'm three-quarter Italian, and Familia is everything, bambina."

"Very naughty things." She leaned and whispered something in his ear.

"You're making me an offer I cannot refuse."

"Worst Marlon Brando imitation ever. Okay, boys and girls, this is a respectable office. Kev? Helen?"

Kevin and Helen were locked in their own world.

"Can't they stay in VIP room tonight?" Mike said.

"What? No!" Ginger raised her voice.

"Why not?"

"Cause it's not a fucking hotel. My boss uses it when she flies in from Seattle. The guys from the northern branch use it when they're in town."

"Come on, all they have is my dorm room, and Thomas came back two days ago with his fucking mutt. How can they enjoy freedom with that asshole and his dog watching them like it's a peep-show?"

"They certainly can't do it in here, because—"

Mike kissed her neck and nibbled her ear, making her giggle.

"Mike, I'll get in serious trouble if—"

"Be a sport." Mike wiggled his tongue inside his old-new lover's ear. Some girls hated it, some girls loved it. Ginger could pop when he did it.

"Stop!"

"I'll do the Romanian Butterfly Flip."

"What? Seriously?"

"I know I said I'd never, but for my homie, that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make."

Ears flushed, Ginger scanned at the kissing couple. "No backsies?"

"No backsies! The Romanian Butterfly Flip, I'll even do the up-down jiggle."

"The up-down jiggle too?" Ginger licked her lips. "Kev, Helen, there's a key to a bedroom in the back and a key to the office. You need to be out by six o'clock, and I'd kill you if I find any stain on the mattress or any odd smell." She grabbed Mike's hand, dragging him behind her, and two seconds later they were out of the door.

"Did you hear something, Kev?" Helen said.

"No." He kissed her lips softly over and over. He loved her taste. "Just your stomach rumbling. You're hungry?"

"Famished."

"See that green duffel bag? I've made you mushroom bisque, and jambalaya, sausage-based, Creole chicken, and Doberge cake. I think I saw a small kitchen over there."

Helen had a short struggle between her cravings for Kevin's cuisines and her hunger for everything else she needed. Then she decided not to choose, and she dragged him by the hand, picking up the bag on her way to the kitchen.

A minute later the wild-mushroom bisque was turning in the microwave and its smell—cabbage, tomatoes, potatoes, onion, and beef—almost brought the tears back again.

"You're awful quiet," he said in a tiny voice.

She nodded and kissed his eyes. She didn't release his hand as if she feared he would disappear if she let go.

"You're angry with me, Helen?"

"I'm so many things right now, Kev. I don't know where to start."

"You're angry with me."

"I'm tired and hungry, and I'm crazy about you, and I'm overwhelmed because of that speech you gave today in court, and I love you so much I might explode, and I want you, and I'm grateful, and yes, I'm angry with you, not annoyed or displeased. Punch-you-in-the-face angry. Ginger told me everything. How could you believe I cheated on you? You found me guilty and gave your verdict without even respecting me with a call."

"Once I sobered up, I was so sorry, but it was too late. I couldn't call you."

"I'd cried myself to sleep every night, Kev."

"Me too. I'm so sorry." He hugged her, his hands warm and protective. "I'll make it up to you somehow. I promise. I have no idea how, but I'll try."

"I'll give you a clue. You'll have to cook shrimp jambalaya every day, and whenever there's a sci-fi movie out, we're going to see it, no matter how shitty it is. And from this day, we'll have as much sex as I want. Ten, thirty times a day, and you don't get to say no. And you'll never again win a PlayStation match. And you'll never even think about or speak to another woman."

"Maybe I should wear burkas? So no woman other than you will ever see me again."

"Don't be silly. And, and I want a Romanian Butterfly Flip."

"I have no idea what a Romanian Butterfly is or why it flips."

"Me neither. Ask Mike, because I want it. And we'll fall asleep hugging each other every night, you'll have to fall asleep at the exact same moment I do, and ooh—" The microwave beeped, and she pulled out the soup and jambalaya. Never letting go of his hand, she sat down to eat, pulling him into her lap.

"You know you can let go, I'm not going anywhere."

"I'm never again letting you out of my sight," she growled. "Too risky. Seriously, we really need to work on better communication, Kev. Expressing and talking before jumping to conclusions."

"I promise."

She dug into her bisque and moaned when it touched her tongue.

"Too hot?"

"No, I think I had an orgasm."

"Was the food in Alexander that bad?"

"Worse. We were hungry all the time, and still, the cockroaches ate most of what the chow hall had to offer." She tried the jambalaya and made tiny moans of pleasure each time the fork touched her tongue.

"Poor you. You hate cockroaches."

"Huuuuge cockroaches. One of them grew so big, it chased me with a shoe around the block."

"So pets and exercise." He kissed her neck. "Jail sounds great so far. How did you manage the other inmates?"

"I was the most popular girl in jail."

"Sounds like my Valkyrie."

"Yep." She unwrapped his shirt like a Christmas present, while she kept taking sips from her bisque and bites from her jambalaya. Helen ran her fingers through his blond chest hair. She stopped eating so she could kiss his nipples. One, then the other, taking her time. "All the girls and all the boys loved me and wanted to be my friend and play with me."

"So jail is like high school. It's a popularity game."

She unbuckled his belt and undid his pants, caressing his muscular thighs. "I was so popular one time that a few girls got jealous. They tried to kill me, but my guardian angel saved me."

"Who?"

"You."

"Me?"

She nodded. "Yeah, it was you. You sent a guardian angel to save me."

"You were hit a lot on the head in jail?"

"I'll tell you all about it, because I gave my word, but not tonight." She reached into his boxers, and her hand greeted his stiffening cock. "Right now I'm into eating, and then I'll eat you, and you'll begin compensating me." Her hand massaged his balls.

Kevin reached down to the snake under her dress that was pressed against his buttocks, very much breathing like a living creature. He lifted the hem of the black dress Ginger had given Helen her for her court appearance and touched the hot flesh. It rose out of her panties and jumped to the warm touch of his fingers. She moaned.

"Did someone really try to hurt you in there?"

"Yeah, I had to go into the PC unit."

"Must have been one effing large computer."

"Protective custody, dummy."

"Sorry for not being fluent with your ex-con's badass lingo." Kevin stroke her shaft lightly and played with her smooth balls. A year ago, the thought was inconceivable, but now when he thought of sex, that was always part of the equation. He closed his fingers around the massive shaft. The feeling of her growing and swelling in his hand made him giddy.

"I dreamed about you every night, Kev," she whispered. "When I wasn't dreaming, I imagined us together."

Kevin slipped off her lap and went on his knees between her legs. "Pull the dress up."

"Why?"

"I wanna see you."

"You already know what's there." She pulled the dress up nonetheless. Her beautiful long body unwrapped. She was white northern ice-queen, with a golden tinge of creole roots, and the scars, contribution of the Marine Corps. There were no secrets left between them.

Kevin's fingers played on her thigh and circled her bellybutton. "That's my Valkyrie—you're so beautiful." He pulled her panties down, and her snake sprang out, slapping his empty hand. "Tell me what you need, and I'll do it."

"I want everything."

"No need to be so specific."

"Please...put me in your mouth." Her voice was barely audible.

"Like that?" He wrapped his fingers around her hot rod. It felt smooth and warm and hard as steel. Kevin squeezed and Helen groaned. He very slowly pumped it in his hand, watching as a clear droplet materialized at the flared head. Kevin reached out with his other hand and closed it around the shaft. Both hands couldn't cover the entire length. He shivered when he thought of her filling his body again. He touched her lower lips. Helen's flower was soaking wet. He teased her with his tongue, reaching out and not touching her tip.

His purple eyes shone, and the intense way he stared at her almost made her bust a nut.

Kevin kissed the bulbous head, and it heaved, extracting another drop. With the tip of his tongue, he lapped out like a kitten at the clear drop, slurping it in. Another one formed and his tongue burrowed into the bulbous head's slit trying to extract more nectar.

His hand touched her pussy and found her button. It was protruding, like another tiny cock craving attention. His lips finally closed around the big head.

"Yeah, just like that." Helen closed her eyes, but immediately opened them again; she didn't feel like missing anything. "Like that and everything else that I want."

"I'll always give you everything you want." His thumb pressed her mound, the tiny patch of skin between her balls and vagina. His finger entered her slit. She was soaked.

Helen's mind went into a hundred different places, and she struggled not to cum right there. His finger pressed inside her, filling her, and Helen tightened around him. She wanted him inside her, she wanted to be inside him. Everything, just like she said. She pushed her hips against his hand, tightening her legs around him.

"I can't, Kev..."

Kevin added another finger, stretching her tight hole even farther. His tongue lazily circled her glans, sliding over the sensitive nerves. Every now and then he licked the cock's slit furiously, then he returned to slowly caressing the sensitive ridge.

"I need...I need," she whimpered.

He knew what she needed. Kevin planted his thumb on her clit, rubbing the sensitive knob firmly. Once, twice, that was all it took. Helen exploded around his fingers. She closed her legs and leaned forward. Her hands settled on his shoulders, and she squeezed. An explosion of lust went up from between her legs and hit her pleasure center. She closed her eyes and moaned softly again and again.

Kevin laughed around her cock, sending another wave of pleasure down her spine. He worked his fingers faster inside her, and a second climax pounded through her body, less than a minute later. He started another cycle, but Helen grabbed his wrist.

Helen's head was spinning. The second time she came rocked her senses. Before she'd met Kevin she used to play with her clit, a lot. But she needed serious conditioning and time to orgasm even once.

Kevin kissed her cock's bulbous head. He extracted his fingers and, never losing eye-contact, licked them, tasting her. She tasted sweet. Helen took his wrist and pressed his fingers to her mouth. She opened her cherry lips and greedily sucked on them.

Tasting herself made her feel naughty, bold. She sucked Kevin's fingers clean, taking her time. Kevin stared at her, mesmerized.

"Stand up, Kev."

"Huh?"

"You said whatever I want. That's what I want."

Kevin complied, and Helen yanked his pants down all the way, along with his boxers. His cock sprang up, and she grabbed it, hungry for it. She leaned down and got close. Kevin wasn't lacking down below, at least not according to her limited experience. Her hand closed around him, leaving a couple of inches exposed. She lightly stroked him, and it was his turn to groan.

His fingers laced in the golden river that ran down to her back, and he moaned again as he felt her breath hot on his lower head.

"I'm going to take you to the bed, Kev, and I'm going to fuck you. I'm going to put my cock deep inside you, and I'm never coming out again."

"I have to go to work tomorrow. It's a new place. People will raise an eyebrow if I come in with you attached to my rear end."

"Tell me I'm your sun and moon."

"And the stars and the ocean."

"Tell me you want me inside you, Kev."

"I want you inside me so much."

"Tell me you want me to pound you till you scream."

That all it took. Kevin exploded in her hand. Helen was caught completely off guard. He spurted onto her face, capturing her across her lip and cheek, shooting into her beautiful hair.

"Sorry," he huffed. "Been too long. I couldn't...sorry."

"That's okay." She kept stroking him. "I like that you can't resist me." She sat back. Maybe a little of prison rubbed onto her because she pulled him down onto his knees again, using his cock, then pressed his head down, just like she saw Valerie once do to Aziz. He went for her cock, but she pushed him farther.

"Use your tongue on my clit," she whispered.

"What?"

"Use your tongue on my clit," she said louder and pushed his head and hiked one leg over his shoulder. He could feel the suede of her shoe on his back as he dove into her. Her body twisted each time he hit the spot, and she worked her hips, thrusting herself at his tongue.

"Yes," she moaned.

His nimble tongue licked her folds. Helen was a big girl, and her clit was almost the size of a pinky. It stood up eagerly, and Kevin sucked it into his mouth. His tongue played on the nerve-rich knob, caressing it and flexing it left and right. Three seconds later, Helen exploded for the third time. A wave of pleasure surged through her body, and she tensed, going rigid as she came. She grabbed his head and roughly forced his face into her pussy, drenching him with her nectar.

"Yes, yes, yes, yessssss," she agreed in her throaty voice.

Her legs closed around his head, sealing his face deep inside her folds. Kevin kept licking as she shuddered and tensed around him. A man with lesser lungs might have pulled back, but he was a free-diver and could hold his breath for five minutes. He gladly kept on pleasuring her as her storm slowly subsided.

Kevin pulled out. "I like the new dominating you. Is that a jail thing?"

"That was..." she started giggling but then stopped because Kevin was obviously not satiated. He leaned in and kissed her massive head, tasting her salty precum again. He swabbed her, getting all, then softly sucked on the head.

Helen moaned, and Kevin sucked a little harder.

His hands worked on her shaft while he slowly took more of her into his mouth. His lips stretched around her girth, and his mouth opened wide as could possibly go. He worked her with his tongue, which was always difficult when he took her length in. One hand kept pumping; the other went to her large sack, where it massaged her smooth skin, sending sparks of pleasure up into her body.

His purple eyes kept staring at her. So lewd and so sweet. She loved that nothing about her felt gross or weird for him. She had so many issues with her own body, but Kevin locked them in the basement and threw away the key. With him, she was the most desired woman on the planet.

"I love you," she said.

Kevin sucked her harder, stuffing more cock into his mouth. Enveloping her in his warm wet tunnel. She felt the head reach the back of his throat, and a moan of pure ecstasy escaped her mouth when she thought of what would come next.

"I'm gonna cum, Kev."

He shook his finger. Not yet.

Kevin kept sucking, his hands went to her buttocks and pulled her forward, his jaw stretched, and she felt the big head open up the curve in his throat. He swallowed, the velvety pressure sleeve around her hard member constricted, shooting out more pleasure streams through her body.

He stopped, his mouth lewdly stretched around her girth, never losing eye contact, he hummed "Sweet Caroline," which is an excellent choice if your mouth is around your futanari lover's tool.

"Oh, God."

She saw the bulge growing in his throat as he pushed farther down. Helen closed her eyes, all her senses focused on the sensation.

Kevin pulled out to take a breather but pressed right in again. This time his throat yielded immediately, and she popped through without resistance. His throat contracted around her cock, trying to expel the invader, but Kevin never panicked. He gripped her root, feeling her heartbeat. It made him hard again, thinking about his Valkyrie's pleasure. He felt safe, tightening around her. Her shuddering moans were the focus of his world. Swallow, gasp and breathe.

When Diana taught him to deep throat, fear was the incentive. With Helen it was desire.

He was too lost inside the moment. The feeling of Helen's cock twitching and kicking inside his throat. The choke of her flesh tense against his. Her hand playing in his hair. Those feelings went from his throat, down his chest to the tip of his cock. He sucked on her large member, her fingers in his hair, her other hand caressing his back. He was in a trance. No embarrassment or inhibitions left between them, only lust.



He pulled back. "I want you to fuck my throat."

"What? No!"

He nodded. "Yep. That's what I want." Kevin took both her hands in his and her cock back in his warm mouth. He held her and filled himself by her warmness. There was nothing hotter and romantic than feeling her hands on his. Playing. He surrendered to the feeling for a moment and then gently placed her hands on the back of his head. He swallowed her entirely until his lips touched her balls.

Kevin winked at her.

"I'm not gonna do it, Kev. It's brutal, and you're too gentle and precious."

He shook his head and emitted a muffled, pleading sound. He pulled back and stared at her, expectation all over his face.

She couldn't resist.

She started slow. Pulling Kevin toward her and letting go. Kevin's slight moans and his hands caressing her thighs bolstered her confidence. She slowly built a rhythm, one, two, three, the fourth time going all the way, then letting him breathe. Then dive, one two, three, four, she fucked his throat in earnest. It felt wild to let go, to pull and watch his throat bulging with each thrust. One two, three, four.

His lips stretched and caressed her skin as she pushed all the way inside. He coughed, and she immediately pulled out and looked at him, worried. Kevin shook his head, licked her from her balls to the tip, then dove again on her length. His lips touched her abs and he stayed there, moaning around her girth. Helen moaned softly as her flared head pushed deeply inside his wet cavern. Her hands caressed his hair and she stated moving in and out again.

One two, three, four.

"I'm..." she huffed. "I'm... Fuck, fuck, fuck." She buried herself inside him to the hilt and grunted as she emptied herself deeply, oh so deep inside him. Her hands locked behind his head and she pulled as her balls pumped all her pent-up frustration, fears, sorrow, and lust.

She took some time to see straight again. When she did, she could feel Kevin's soft tongue leisurely lapping on her cock.

"That wasn't terrible, was it?" he said.

"Kev?"

"What?"

She giggled. "Now who is oversexed?"

"I missed your taste. Let's find the bedroom Mike talked about. You promised to fuck me." Kevin pulled her after him into a back room and to a corridor. He had to call Ginger for directions. She sounded surprised that they weren't in bed already, doing it like rabbits. It sure sounded like he caught her in the middle of doing it like rabbits with Mike. Kevin hid the fact that he and Helen had done the foreplay at her desk.

There was a small bedroom at the end, facing the river. It was small and felt as old as the rest of the building, but it was tidy. Kevin was only interested in the queen-sized bed that dominated it.

"Come on." He jumped, taking off what was left of his clothes.

They hugged naked under the ugly, flowery covers, breathing hard and giggling like teenagers in love. Helen licked his nose. "What have you been up to while I was inside?"

"Lately I've been busy trying to get the love of my life out of jail."

Helen kissed him passionately. She touched her lips to his softly tenderly, then kissed his chin and nose. He could feel her hard cock between his legs, pushing and poking.

"Did I tell you how much I love you, Kev?"

"Not enough."

Helen pressed her hand to her wet sex and got her fingers nice and slick. She slid her fingers up and down the crack of his ass. Her finger slipped easily into Kevin, and he moaned and grabbed at her shoulders.

"Helen..."

Helen slid another finger into him, and he whimpered and pushed back against her fingers. She finger-fucked his ass while she licked and sucked on his nipples. Kevin was moaning and quivering underneath her. She pulled back and used more of her love juice on her cock. It was hard as steel and swollen bright red.

Helen pushed his legs forward, and Kevin grabbed his knees and held them. She then moved forward and positioned the head against his tight entrance. She cooed softly as she felt his star spread for her and with a firm push, it popped inside him. The ruby head immediately flared up inside his tunnel, sealing her inside. He gasped and squeezed his ass on her member. He let go of his legs and grabbed at Helen's waist and held her back.

"That's what you wanted?"

Kevin moaned and took her scarred tit into his mouth.

"Don't forget Ashley."

"God forbid." He kissed her other nipple and sucked it in. He felt his tiny ass spread and accept the broad tip of her massive thick cock, enveloping it. A pleasurable pressure sleeve for her cock.

Kevin wrapped his legs around her waist. She pushed into him nice and slow, pausing to let him get used to her girth again. Kevin rubbed his hands up and down her body. He moved around to her smooth, tight butt and pressed, to let her know he wanted her to keep going.

"I missed you so much, Kev. "

Helen pulled back and then pushed back in, sliding a little farther into him.

"A-almost, almost..." She gasped as she finally rooted the last few inches of her impressive length inside her lover. She lay on top of him, breathing hard, soft skin against warm skin. Welded.

She ground her cock against him, stirring it deep within his tight tunnel, as her massive cum-filled balls pressed to his smaller ones.

He panted hard as she slowly drew the length of her cock from him till only the tip remained. The void it left in him called her right back. She didn't leave him empty; a minute later, she pushed right in, gaining a feminine moan from him.

She pulled back, repeated, and then sank all the way into him, letting out a deep groan. Kevin's slim body shuddered as she brushed against his prostate. She slid all the way out and then pushed back in. He whimpered his need as she bumped that magic spot again and again.

Their bodies were pressed to one another, damp with sweat as they coupled, his mouth open and his eyes on hers. At the most feminine position, he could be, below Helen, bred. He locked his arms around her neck and pulled her for a kiss.

She moved faster and harder in long strokes. Pushing again and again inside Kevin, in and out, in and out.

Helen pumped faster and harder. Her hips slapped loudly against his as she grunted loudly. Kevin moaned and clutched at her shoulders. He pushed his hand between their bodies. Helen's athletic body moved like a mighty wave. Claiming him. Just the perfect way they both loved.

She closed her eyes and breathed deep. "Wait, wait." He pressed his palm to her stomach, stopping her. "I wanna," he gasped, "I wanna try something. On your back."

"Mmmm... cowboy?"

"Something."

She pulled back smiling and rolled on her back, stretched her long body like a cat. Kevin straddled her, facing the window. He grabbed her cock and rubbed it against his starfish.

"Hey, not that," she said. "I wanna see your face. Not like—ooh that feels sooo goooood..." she moaned, biting her lip as she felt his hand now on the root of her cock. He cried, too, as he impaled himself on her girth. She ground her cock into him, stirring his insides.

"Wait!" Kevin huffed as his eyes squeezed shut, feeling her shift and ready herself under him. Watching his back, she began to fuck him, her cock sliding in and out of his ass as she pushed up into him repeatedly. When he was halfway to the bottom, he stopped her, then did something that made her gasp.

He pressed his own cock down until it aligned with her pussy lips. Letting gravity do the work, he impaled himself farther. His own cock head breached her wet flower and opened her up. Helen felt herself both spearing and impaled. His cock head rubbed her clit as it plunged into her depth while her cock slithered deeper up his tunnel.

Helen pulled her legs up over her head, and Kevin started bouncing. The room was filled with their moans as the friction grew. He impaled himself to the max because it meant his own cock was deep inside her delicate folds.

"Yessss..." The bed creaked under them as she began to bounce him on her cock, their bodies warming and becoming slick with sweat. Their voices mixed, echoing around the room in a chorus of gasps and moans. Hers throaty and getting louder, his soft as he felt himself about to explode.

Faster and faster.

They didn't stop, they didn't even slow. Their pleasure peaked as she continued to frantically pummel his ass, and he continued to squeeze inside her tight pussy. Hotter and hotter.

Helen experienced absolute bliss as his squeezing and massaging of her clit became too much. A second later, her cock exploded and her pussy convulsed. Two giant waves collided inside her body, and all she could do was let herself be carried on the tidal wave. As she spasmed, she milked his cock, and Kevin, too, erupted deep inside her, pouring his hot lust into her wet tunnel as she poured her own baby-making milk deep in his bowels.

Later they lay there for several long minutes, staring at the ceiling.

Kevin broke up laughing first, and Helen joined in a second later.

"Holy motherfuck," he panted. "That was fucking wild."

"Wanna try again?"

"In a minute."

She cuddled his slim body and felt deep contentment just to lie there and feel his heartbeat. Diana once claimed it had been scientifically proved that some men exuded a pheromone that made futa girls go crazy and that Kevin was one of them. Helen was never sure if it was pure bullshit or had a grain of truth; she simply loved to breathe him in. "What's next, Kev?"

"We have more sex, and we go to sleep. And we wake up early because we really made a mess, and I don't want to get Ginger in trouble. Then I need to go to work. I can sneak you into my new apartment. I'm only supposed to move in on Monday, but the place is empty, and I've got the key."

"Where is it?"

"Sweet location. Nothing like the penthouse, but it's got a bay-area view. Two and a half rooms. The half room is for Peter Dinklage, in case he feels like dropping by."

"Did he say anything?"

"No, but you can never be too prepared."

"Why did you quit your old job?"

"I didn't like it there." He decided never to tell her it was because of her trial. "Anyway, I found a new one two days ago. Easy peasy. I'm not sure how long I'll stay in this one. Mike got this banging idea for a diving computer that has an underwater communication gadget. So, I think I'll try start-upping on the weekends. If things click and we're on to something...dunno yet."

"Well, you sure got the future all sorted out. Do you see me fitting in there somehow?"

"I told you, you can come live with me. I don't mind being your sugar daddy."

"I meant for the long run."

"Ah, excellent question, Ms. Brion, I'm glad you asked." Kevin reached for his pants and pulled out a shiny object from his wallet. "My dad gave me this ring. It runs in the family. It belonged to his grandmother, and he gave it to my mom."

She opened her eyes wide. "What?"

"Be a good girl. Be sweet and prove yourself as ring-worthy material, and in two or three years, five max, you're gonna get a proposal."

"It's so beautiful and big."

"Four carats. My great grandpa fought in the airborne unit in France during World War Two. He stole it from a dead German soldier. Looting is a respectable O'Brien family tradition, by the way. Play your cards right, and you get to wear it."

"Wow." She took the ring and slipped it on her finger. "It's beautiful. And it fits perfectly."

"Helen Brion."

"What, baby?"

"Give me back my ring."

"No."

"Yes."

She shook her head. "Who knows what's gonna happen in five years?"

"Helen Brion."

"Nope. Might be my only chance of ever getting a diamond ring, so I'm keeping it."

"Give me back my ring, you thief."

"No can do. I think I'm developing feelings towards it."

"Huh."

"By the way," she said. "In case you were wondering, I do."

"I didn't kneel, and I didn't ask you anything."

"Then what the hell is your engagement ring doing on my finger?"

"You stole it."

Helen sighed happily and hid her hand below her ass as Kevin tried to grab it. "I showed initiative, that's all. I think it was the crappiest proposal in mankind's history, but I'll let it slide because you just saved my ass from life in prison. So, I do. Helen O'Brien sounds nice. Yep."

"I didn't propose—"

"Chill, Charlie Brown."

"You chill!" He pointed an accusing finger at her. "You you think I'm scared of commitment? You're just full of shit. There's a court across the street. There's a marriage registration office in there, and it might still be open. Let's go."

"Let's."

"On the count of three. One, two, three."

They both laughed when neither rose.

"Knew you're just full of it." He kissed her neck. "You think I'm scared of commitment? I'll see your bullshit and raise you two kids."

"Kids?"

"Yeah." He thumped his chest like a gorilla. "Our kids will be amazing. Think about it. Me with my good looks, humor, smarts, and resourcefulness, and you with your ability to have kids."

"You have been thinking ahead."

"A boy and a girl. Ben and Jerry. Or we could call them after street names. Most people who are named after street names become famous."

"I want a big family. At least three kids," Helen said.

"I think two is more than enough."

Helen shook her head. "Three."

"Two and a dog."

"Three." She kissed the ring. She really liked it.

"Two and a dog and a parrot."

"Three."

"Two, and one of them is gonna be really fat."

"Three."

–-

Sometimes you plan for three kids, and God starts laughing. Then you decide that four is also an excellent number.

–-Epilogue

Purple was her favorite color.

She once lived in a penthouse with her sister, and she was surrounded by loneliness. She called it her home, and even though it provided certainties, she had never felt rooted in it. Helen referred to that period in her life as 'the time before I started living.' Now she had her own family. Kevin called it married plus four noises, but Helen called it 'my anchor,' because that's what families are about. Some think its unconditional love, but it's really the sense of belonging. Her family—five pairs of eyes that looked up to her, oblivious to her scars, her eyepatch, and her insecurities. Her family, five pairs of purple eyes, and they all looked up to her with admiration and love.

Purple was definitely her favorite color nowadays.

"Seems deserted." Jack nodded towards the Valkyrie. The white yacht rose softly on a lazy wave.

"Weird. Kevin would never leave it like that." Helen scanned the water as Jack aligned the Black Pearl with the Valkyrie. She slipped her high heels off and jumped onto the yacht's ladder, barefoot. "Thanks for the ride, Jack."

"Anytime, princess. Call me if there's any trouble." He waved her goodbye, and the sixteen Chinese tourists he took for the dive dutifully copied him.

The deck was deserted, but the obvious sounds from below told her the real story. She trudged from starboard to port, deliberately making noise, and flipped a heavy air-tank. Ten seconds later, Sam's blonde head popped from the hatch. Her face was a bit flushed, and she had an apologetic grin ready, but when she saw it was Helen, it turned to an embarrassed, worried frown.

"Mom?"

"Hi, sweetie."

"How, how did you get here?"

"When we flew overhead, I asked the pilot if I could borrow a parachute."

"Epic."

"I bet 'crap' is the word you were looking for."

Sam grinned and hugged her mother.

The head of Sam's boyfriend popped up next from the hatch. He looked flushed, too, and his shock of black hair was disarrayed. "Hi, Mrs. O'Brien."

"It's Helen, and your shirt is inside out, Derek."

"Oh." He blushed deeply.

"I, I showed Derek the bridge. He wanted to learn how to navigate."

"I bet you did, sweetie." Helen's forced a smile as not to alarm Derek. Sam recognized her mother's mood and flinched.

"I love you, Mommy."

"Samantha O'Brien, you and your dad and I are going to have a very long talk."

"Just remember my last report card. Straight A's all the way. And that I love you, but I'm sixteen—"

"Fifteen and a half."

"And that I love you both very much."

"I love you too, pumpkin." Helen kissed her daughter's cheek. Sam was almost as tall as her mother. She inherited Helen's sharp northern beauty, softened by her father's big purple eyes. Several modelling agencies showed heavy interest. To Sam's great dismay, her parents unanimously insisted that education precede fame.

Boys showed interest much earlier. Since Sam had inherited none of her mother's insecurities, the combination meant trouble.

Helen gazed out at the ocean, hoping to spot two blond heads popping up on the surface. "By the way, sweetie, that condom packet sticking out of your pocket—"

"I bought it for a friend; it's not mine." Sam shoved the condoms deeper into her jeans.

"Tell your friend that brand is complete crap. They sometimes rip at the worst moment."

"How do you know?"

"You think I won you playing Bingo?"

"Oh."

"When did they...?" Helen scanned the water again.

"An hour ago."

"Then they should be up already."

"Maybe less than an hour. Jesus, Mom, stop fidgeting like a teenage girl in love. Derek will think you're weird."

"I'm not fidgeting."

"You were only gone for five days."

"That's the longest your dad and I have ever been apart."

Two divers' fins flew from below to land at the deck. A second later another blond top appeared on the starboard diver's ledge. "Sam! We saw a whale. A massive hunchback, it was chasing a—" Ben stopped in mid-sentence. "Hey! Dad, Mom is here," he hollered. Ben, long ago, had conformed to the social expectation that forbade physical shows of endearment in public between a mother and a twelve-year-old boy. Still, he dropped the BCD and tank and ran into her arms, wetsuit dripping seawater and all.

"Mom, I missed you."

She hugged him tight and kissed his blond spikes. "Me too."

"I could have sworn I saw the Black Pearl's silhouette; now I know why." Kevin's smiling face appeared over the gunwale. "How was the flight?"

"You know me. Stressful."

"And what did Carmela want?"

"She wants me to come back to Richardson and Williams."

Kevin raised both eyebrows as he peeled the wetsuit off.

"As the new CEO," Helen said.

"Wow. Big salary?"

She threw him a towel and ogled as he dried himself. The sun kissed his muscles and made her want to feel them under her fingers. Her husband had added a pound or five but kept his body in good shape over the years. "Big salary and lots of shares," she said.

"And?"

"I'll probably say no."

"Because it's too weird going back?"

She'd waited long enough. Helen hugged her husband and kissed his smiling lips. "Because I remember how it was with William. Burning the candle at both ends week after week. The girls still need me, Ben needs me. Hell, even Sam still needs me to be there."

"Not that we mind being filthy rich, but whatever you choose, we're behind you eighty percent. As long as you choose right."

"Yeah?" She breathed him in and nibbled his ear.

"Babe." He nodded towards Ben because he could feel how hard she was getting under the dress.

Helen squinted. "Hmmm, your fault. Own it. "

"Okay then, Mom just had a long flight and she's exhausted, so—" A phone rang.

"It's Grandad," Sam said.

"Put him on speaker."

"Daddy, we found a turtle," Hallie sounded excited like only a five-year-old could be because of a turtle.

"Hi, sweetie, Mom is—"

"Grandad gave it lettuce." Annie grabbed the phone; there were sounds of a muffled fight. "Stop it, Hallie! We call it Mr. Speedy, but he's not that fast. Grandad said we can keep it in an aquarium, but we can't put water in it because Mr. Speedy is a land turtle."

"Hey, honey, give the phone back to your sister," Helen said. "I don't want you to fight."



"Mommy? You're back."

"Aha."

"What did you bring me?"

"Lots of hugs and kisses. I missed you too, sweetheart."

"When are you coming?"

"I'll see you in four hours."

"Nine p.m. sharp, Kev." Kevin's dad could be heard from the background.

"Hi, Dad. When I said nine-ish, I didn't mean nine o'clock, I meant when they're nine. So, see you in four years."

"Funny." Finn picked up the phone. "Seriously, I need you to be here on time. I've got a date tonight."

"A what now?"

"A date."

"Like with a woman?"

"Yes."

"She has a name?"

"Yes."

"All right, we're having a barbecue on Sunday. Mike and Ginger are coming. You're welcome to join, and you can bring any mysterious date, as long as she's well behaved."

"I'll think about it. No! Hey! Don't you dare—" Someone started wailing on the other side like an ambulance siren. "Oh, crap, they...Hallie just hit Annie with a rolling pin."

"Hey, dad," Ben took his father aside as Helen tried to establish truth of arms over the phone. The twins were sometimes more difficult than the Israelis and the Palestinians. "Aunt Ginger and Uncle Mike are coming this weekend?"

"You wanna know if they're bringing Robyn?"

"What do I care if she's coming or not?"

"Okay, so I won't tell you."

"Daaad."

Kevin let out a belly laugh. "She's coming. Not that you care."

Ben nodded, but when he thought his father wasn't watching he gave a fist pump.

"Mark the date," Kevin said to Helen when she finally hung up the call. "Junior started noticing boobs."

"I'm more worried about this dummy." She nodded toward Sam. "I called her two days ago and told her I believe it's too early for her to start having sex. She told me that ten o'clock is not too early."

"Kickass."

"Deflecting a serious subject using a cheap joke. Gee, I wonder where she got that from."

"Yeah, I'm so angry and yet so proud right now. Weird."

"And just before you surfaced, I caught her and Derek down below. They were either eating the hottest jambalaya known to mankind, or we're about to become grandparents."

"Unless she was doing him. What? All right, all right, I'll talk to her." He pulled his wife, and Helen happily lost herself in his kiss. At thirty-seven he still had an athletic body, and his naked skin ignited her until the only thing important was touching him more.

"I want you," she whispered into his ear. "Five days without is a record I never wanna break."

"Okay, kids, Mom is exhausted. We will take a nap in the cabin. No disturbances unless there's blood."

"Gross." Sam wasn't born yesterday. "Why can't you two act like normal parents and respectfully loath each other?"

"I've told you a million times, Sam. Your mother didn't have a boyfriend until she was thirty, so she needs extra loving to compensate for the lost years."

"You're saying I'm high-maintenance, Kev?"

"An aircraft carrier is high-maintenance, babe. You're in a league of your own. On my tombstone they'll write, 'Died because he texted Good morning and forgot to add the three red hearts.'"

She thought of something clever to tease him back, but the joy of being back home swept over her. She let it slide.

Happiness wasn't rare; it wasn't a shimmer at the corner of your eye.

Happiness was waking up to see her beauty in the morning. Happiness was the way her lip trembled when she was stressed, and how she always smiled when Kevin saw her lip trembling and chased all her demons away. Happiness was her laughter at his jokes, even the dumb ones. Happiness was four kids, annoying as hell. Each an individual, each a complex little human being. You loved them and taught them the difference between right and wrong. You watched over them, and you prayed that they grow up happy and free of any fucked-up family issues.

"Hey, Mom, I've got a new one," Ben tugged his mother's sleeve. "What's the similarity between a spoon, a shark, and an ant?"

"They all begin with the letter S. The ant's name is Suzan."

"Aww," she regretted ruining the punchline when she saw the disappointment on his young face. "Dad already told you that joke?"

"He must have. I can't remember when I've heard it, but I know I just did." Something clicked. A memory from a long time ago in a restaurant and a ten-year-old, purple-eyed boy. She turned to her husband. "Hey, Kev, I think I fell in love with you before I even met you."

"That makes sense."

"No, really."

"Yeah, we were written in the stars." Kevin sighed happily. "Your mom is high-maintenance, Sam. But you know something else? She's absolutely, totally worth it."

Happiness wasn't rare, happiness was right there for the taking. All you had to do was keep in mind never to take it for granted and hold on tight to what you had.

She wanted to tell him they might have met a long time ago in the Chatty Seabass and that their lives had run a full circle since. But then Kevin took her by the hand to the cabin below, and he loved her tenderly for a very long time, and she forgot all about it.

–-The End

Whew, a loooong journey. First chapter was published a year ago. It had ton of sex (some say too much, others say not enough). Dominating futanari and a romance like I promised. Tons of family issues, I hope most of them were resolved. Sorry if I sometimes shoved my worldview down your throats. I do hope that despite using futanari (an imaginary fetish creature related to the Femdom fetish), my real beliefs about homophobia showed. (Just to make it clear. Futanari are not transgenders. I've heard of a lot of transgenders who were victims of violence. I've never heard of a transgender who was a sexual predator.)

By the way, I wrote the sketch of the epilogue scene somewhere around the 3rd chapter. The story might have appeared to go astray at times, but I think it can be attributed to the intervals between chapters. Read it from start to end, and it would make more sense.

I wanna thank all the good people who took the time to read it. As usual I ask you to grade and comment to show me some love.

What's next?

Other stories I guess, with different characters (I've let Kevin and Helen suffer enough). I have an idea for three stories (none as long) but I'm open to suggestions.

Thanks again. Please be kind to each other.