Futa House
byXarth©

Author's Note: This story is basically gratuitous futa on boy sexy times. Like, a lot of it. Consider this fair warning for anyone who doesn't enjoy that kind of thing.

****

Part One: Thrown to the Wolves

****

Christopher MacKenzie sat uncomfortably next to his mother as she chatted away happily with Miss Carlyle. Apparently they were old friends from when they went to university together, the one where Miss Carlyle still worked.

Chris had no idea why his mother insisted on him going to the same school she'd attended back in the day, but she'd been really quite firm about it. Quite unusually so, actually. She wasn't all that strict or overbearing in general.

He'd more or less tuned the two older women out. Their conversation failed to interest him. It was all, "oh, Molly, I'm so glad your boy will be attending, he's so handsome blah blah blah," and, "thank you, Simone, I remember when we were students here blah blah etc."

Ok, so that was an exaggeration, but still.

Chris didn't know anyone going to this stupid school. Certainly none of his friends, at any rate. And his mom refused to tell him why it was so important. She acted like it was some big secret, but really, it was probably just because she went and wanted it to be a tradition. Some nonsense like that.

A knock on the door startled Chris back to semi-alertness. He held out hope for a brief second that Miss Carlyle had another appointment to get to, but neither she or his mother showed any sign of moving from their seats.

"Come in," called Miss Carlyle.

The door opened, revealing two girls around Chris's age. He guessed they were a little older than him, and they were admittedly quite attractive. He did his best not to stare or otherwise act uncool. He was stuck next to his mom, so there was a limit to how suave he could pass himself off as.

"Hey," said one of the girls cheerfully. "Is this our boy?"

Chris frowned slightly at being referred to as 'our boy.' He'd never met these girls before, after all.

Miss Carlyle nodded. "This is Christopher, and Mrs. MacKenzie, his mother. He is, as you say, 'your boy.'"

Chris struggled to keep his face neutral as introductions were made. He'd been wishing he were anywhere but in the room, but somehow it was worse when everybody was talking about him like he wasn't present.

The girls were introduced as Natalie and Sasha. Chris still had no idea why he was meant to be meeting them, and he really would have preferred not doing so with his mom and her friend present.

"You ready to go?" Natalie asked, nodding toward the door.

Chris was slow in answering. It hadn't been made clear to him that there was anywhere he should be going, let alone with these girls. "Um... I guess? Where to, exactly?"

"Your home for the school year," Sasha supplied helpfully, but with an overtone that suggested it should have been obvious.

"Oh," Chris said. "You're showing me around." That made more sense to him, and he relaxed a little.

"Something like that, sure," Sasha agreed.

"Come on," Natalie urged. She took Chris's arm and tugged at him as he rose and followed too slowly for her liking.

"Have fun, sweetie," his mom called after him. "Try not to get freaked out. Remember, I wouldn't let anything bad happen to you."

Chris flushed. Yet more embarrassment to absorb. "Thanks, Mom," he managed through his clenched jaw.

He relaxed a little as he and the girls put distance between them and Miss Carlyle's office. Natalie and Sasha flanked him and seemed quite upbeat and cheerful, and hadn't even teased him about his mother. It was possible no one else cared and he was the only one even thinking about it.

"So," Natalie said, "shall we go straight to your room? Or do you want to bring your things?"

"Um... my stuff's in the car, and I don't have the keys..." Chris said.

"Straight there it is!"

Their path, however, was more meandering than actually straight. Natalie and Sasha took it in turns to point out various points of interest along their snaking march to... somewhere.

The girls were quite disarming. Their bubbly demeanors and general friendliness made it nearly impossible to remain tense and guarded, despite being in unfamiliar territory with people he didn't know.

It didn't hurt that their butts looked particularly good in their jeans, as Chris discovered on more than one occasion when he was presented an opportunity to check them out. And occasionally Sasha grabbed his arm in a way that inadvertently pressed her breasts against it.

Chris decided he wouldn't mind sharing a dorm with the two of them, assuming that was actually what was happening. It still wasn't clear to him exactly what his living situation was going to be.

"How much farther is it?" Chris asked, after having crossed what felt like the entire campus.

"Not long now," Natalie answered. "We're right on the edge, all tucked away in our little corner."

"Like... far away from everything?"

"Kinda, I s'pose. It's not that bad once you get used to walking. We have our own little parking area, so it's not that bad in that sense."

"Sure. But I don't have a car," Chris said. "And I can't imagine it would make sense to drive to class anyway. I'm mainly worried about, like, morning classes on the opposite end of campus."

"Those suck," Sasha admitted. "But it helps keep you in shape. Walking's good for ya."

"So I've heard," Chris grumbled, still unconvinced.

It really wasn't that much farther. Chris recognized the building before it was formally pointed out to him, based on its somewhat secluded location.

It looked nice enough from the outside. It was a three-story house, and looked approximately like what he imagined a classy frat house would, based purely on movie knowledge.

"This is it," Natalie pronounced with her arms spread. "Futa House."

"Sorry, what?" Chris asked. "Did you say 'Future House?'"

"Something like that," Natalie with a sidelong smirk. "Out of curiousity, how much did your mother tell you?"

"About the school? Or about this place in particular?"

"Either."

Chris shrugged. "Not much. Just that she went here, and for some reason it's really important for me to go too, but I don't know why."

Sasha once again pressed herself close, and the softness of her breasts distracted his line of thinking. "We might have some answers for you very soon," she said in a low, conspiratorial voice. A soft, girly giggle ruined any vibe of wisdom she may have been attempting to convey.

"But no answers right now, I assume?" Chris said wearily.

"My, my," Natalie said. "Someone's feeling put upon, aren't they?" She took his other arm, but didn't get quite as close as her friend. "What say you give us a chance. We've only just met, after all."

Chris nodded. "Yeah, that's fair. I don't mean to be pessimistic or anything."

"Of course you don't," Sasha said with the same bubbly cheer her and Natalie had maintained since their first meeting. "You're just feeling lost and confused. Perfectly understandable. We get that a lot around here."

"We'll get you sorted out," Natalie added. "Never fear."

Contrary to her words, the look in Natalie's eye and the tone of her previous statement made Chris nervous in a whole new way. She'd appeared almost... predatory, if only for a second. Like she wanted something from him, though he had absolutely no idea what it could be.

Chris allowed himself to be guided the rest of the way to 'Future House,' still confused about why it would called that. It didn't appear particularly futuristic.

The interior was as nice as the exterior. The building appeared well-maintained and looked after, so far as Chris was any judge of these things. There was no one else around as they entered, except for a girl up on the second floor who waved at them from an area overlooking the main room before disappearing.

"Most of us will be moving in over the next couple days," Natalie said. "A few of the girls are already here. Tiffany, for example," she added, gesturing toward where the unmet girl had previously stood.

"Not much point trying to round them up for introductions right now," Sasha said. "Plenty of time for that later. Let's find your room, shall we?"

"Uh... sure," Chris said. "Did you say girls, though? Like, there are gonna be other boys living here too, right?"

Natalie sighed. "Alas, no. Not this year. Usually we have a couple of you. You'll be all on your own, though."

Again, Chris felt as though there was something he was missing. Something Natalie and Sasha both knew that he didn't. Something important.

"Does that mean you deliberately have much fewer boys than girls here?" he asked.

"Sure does," Sasha said with a sly smirk. "Does that make you nervous?"

"Well... yeah, kinda. Especially given that there's still some kind of massive conspiracy that I'm not a part of."

"Don't exaggerate," Natalie chided. "It's not massive. Just a regular old baby conspiracy." She flicked her head, tossing her hair nonchalantly over her shoulder. "And besides, if you want to know the secret, me and Sasha'd be happy to show you now."

"Ooh, can we?" Sasha asked with a worrying amount of enthusiasm. Her eyes had lit up like beaming stars.

Chris hesitated, but he desperately needed to know what was being kept from him. Plus, he was pretty sure whatever it was couldn't be as bad as his imagination suggested.

"Ok," he said. "What's the big secret?"

"Not here," Natalie said.

Chris balled up his fists in irritation. "But you just said-"

"Hush, now," Natalie said with a patient smile. "I just meant let's go to your room first. Not out here where anyone could walk in on us. A little privacy is in order."

Chris nodded tersely. "Fine."

His room was, in fact, much nicer than he'd anticipated. There was only one bed, which suggested he wasn't being made to share, and it was almost luxuriously spacious compared to what he understood about university living. It was bigger, in fact, than his room back home.

"Well this is nice," he admitted grudgingly. He sat down on the bed with a heavy bounce, just to test. It must have been a queen size, and felt comfortable enough. "This is really my room? Bed and everything?"

"Sure is," Sasha said. "You need room for visitors, after all."

Chris flushed. "What?"

"She's not wrong," Natalie said as she glided elegantly to a seat next to him, one leg tucked delicately beneath her. "Although that might not have been how I'd introduce the subject."

After closing the door, Sasha once again flanked Chris on the opposite side from her partner in crime. He felt himself heating up even further at their proximity, and the... insinuations? But what exactly were they getting at?

"I don't understand," Chris mumbled.

"I'm sure you have a decent guess at this point," Natalie said softly. "I expect it doesn't contain all the details, but what you're imagining is in the ballpark, at any rate."

What Chris was imagining, what he felt was being implied, was that a house full of girls intended to hop into bed with him, at some point or other. And from Natalie's tone, she knew precisely what he was envisaging.

"That doesn't make any sense," he protested.

"It will soon," Natalie assured him. "At least, I hope it will."

Sasha had been getting fidgety on his other side. "We're a bit different here," she blurted. "We're, like, pretty horny. More than a lot of guys, even."

Chris was pretty sure he was going to run out of blood, if it kept rushing to his face the way it was. He studied the far wall intently, as though perhaps the girls would forget he was sitting amidst them.

"Are you?" he croaked.

"We are," Natalie confirmed. "And since you aren't smiling idiotically yet, I assume you think there's quite a massive catch to this arrangement."

"Is there?"

"Well... yes."

"And am I going to be told what it is?"

"Not just yet. I'm scared you'll bolt. You're all wound up." Natalie placed her hand on Chris's thigh. "Just relax," she breathed, her a voice a barely audible whisper in his ear.

Chris swallowed hard. Part of him wanted to do just what she'd said he might, and fling himself out of the house. However, panicked and nervous as he might be, he was also sandwiched between two beautiful girls who were gently running their hands over him. It was a difficult situation to make himself leave.

"We can be lots of fun," Sasha assured him. "Lots and lots."

"I'm not really questioning that," Chris said.

"Good," Sasha said with a grin. "So you'll play with us?"

Chris glanced back and forth between the two girls. Natalie still watching him with an outwardly calm, appraising sort of look. Sasha was less restrained, and more overtly eager to do... whatever it was she wanted to do.

"You promise this isn't a horrible trick of some kind?" he asked, his last token defense.

"Chris," Natalie said seriously, "your mother sent you here, remember? How much of a trick could it be?"

The reminder made Chris feel a whole new set of odd, conflicting feelings. His mom wouldn't have sent him somewhere a horde of mean girls would strip him naked and take embarrassing pictures to laugh at all year or anything. But on the other hand, had she really sent him off with these girls expecting them to jump into bed with him the first chance they got? That didn't seem right either.

The girls weren't waiting for Chris to figure himself out. Sasha rubbed her hand closer to his cock, then made him gasp as her palm pressed directly against his hardening erection. Natalie, meanwhile, nuzzled at his shoulder and neck, and dragged his hand up to her chest. Her breasts were delightfully soft and squeezable.

That was it. Chris knew he couldn't turn down the opportunity. Even if there was still something he didn't know, some catch to it all, he wouldn't be able to forgive himself if he passed just because he was nervous.

Sasha took greater and greater liberties with Chris's rapidly expanding hardon, cupping and caressing the bulge in the front of his jeans. He didn't stop her when she slipped off the bed to her knees, then scooted in between his legs.

Chris's hand jerked instinctively to protect himself as Sasha undid his belt. He felt suddenly vulnerable and unsure of himself, but he stopped his reaction before it got too far. He had to relax and let go of his desire for control. The girls presumably knew what they were doing, and if he accepted that he wanted what they were offering, he was probably better off letting them do their thing.

Natalie tilted his head further toward her and met his lips with hers. He hadn't been expecting an actual kiss, not from a girl he'd only just met, but it was hardly the most surprising thing that had happened in the past few minutes. Besides, it was nice. Not as urgently pleasurable as Sasha fumbling around with his trapped cock, but very pleasant all the same.

"Stupid pants," Sasha grumbled from down on the floor. She was too excited, and her fingers were taking a hit to their dexterity as a consequence. She did eventually manage to drag Chris's jeans down his thighs, but then got stopped by his sneakers when she tried to pull the legs past his feet.

Natalie cracked up watching Sasha struggle, though she did eventually help her friend out.

Chris was even more nervous, in an anticipatory way, as the two girls teamed up to strip him. He didn't have Natalie's soft lips distracting him any longer, and all his attention was left for the two pairs of hands scrabbling around his cock.

With Natalie's help, Sasha soon had him undressed down to his boxers and shirt. There should have been a pause there, Chris felt. It seemed right to him that they'd slow down a bit, maybe talk a bit more, or... something.

They didn't stop. In fact, Sasha gave him a sudden shove on the chest, causing him to fall back on the bed. In his prone position, less of his body weight rested on his underwear, and the girls yanked off his boxers without giving him any chance to think about it or protest. By the time he sat back up, mere seconds later, the pair of them were already staring intently at his fully hard cock.

"Not bad," Sasha said in an appraising tone. "Not too big."

Chris flushed even warmer than before. "Gee, thanks."

"What? That's a good thing," Sasha said. "It means I can suck it easier."

So saying, Sasha grabbed a pillow off of Chris's new bed, positioned it under her knees, then dove face first onto his cock. Any further embarrassment or annoyance he might have wanted to express was neatly headed off by the feeling of a warm, wet mouth fully engulfing him.

"She's a little tactless at times," Natalie commented as she slipped back into her seat next to Chris. "But she means well. If it helps any, Sasha's never been good at sucking off bigger dicks. And her sense of scale is a bit off too, I imagine."

Sasha extended a middle finger toward Natalie without ever pausing her assault on Chris's shaft.

"The boys you usually have here tend to be big, do they?" Chris asked.

"Not particularly, no," Natalie said with an amused glint in her eye. "Not that it matters as much you might think."

Chris didn't feel like pursuing that line of inquiry any further. He was far more interested in the blowjob he was receiving. It felt good. Really, really good. Sasha was enthusiastic, and clearly had some experience in spite of Natalie's teasing lack of respect for her talents.

Natalie went back to nuzzling and kissing Chris. She brushed her lips over his neck, cheek, and sometimes his mouth. She also replaced his hand on her chest, encouraging some more boob fondling.

The whole experience was a lot more chill and relaxed than Chris had first expected, once he got settled in. He liked not having to think, and being able to just let the girls do lovely, sensual things to him while casually touching them in return.

He discovered he was able to reach down past Sasha's bobbing head and slip his hand down her shirt. However as soon as he got a handful of her tit, she pulled away. He was all set to apologize for doing something wrong, but she simply discarded her top, revealing her lack of bra underneath, and got right back to sucking.

These two were fucking crazy.

Chris alternated feeling up Natalie or Sasha as the whim took him. He leaned more toward Sasha purely because she was now topless, which gave him better access.

"Having fun?" Natalie asked.

Chris was too dazed and captivated to comment on the unnecessary question. Instead, he just nodded. "Yeah. I am."

"Good. Let's see how you like this, then."

Chris arched an eyebrow as Natalie hopped off the bed. She took a step away, then undid her jeans and wiggled her hips a bit to work them down her thighs.

He wasn't sure what she was up to. She couldn't be after sex, right? Not so quickly. And yet... she might well be. Probably it was just so he could, like, finger her or something. Or maybe she wanted him to eat her out. That seemed more reasonable.

Not that it mattered, in some ways. Chris was pretty sure he was just going to go along with whatever she wanted. It was working out pretty damn well for him so far.

Chris got a decent profile view of Natalie's butt with her panties pulled taught as she bent over and stepped out of her pants. His eyes flicked to her feet, then up her long, smooth legs. His gaze traveled up her calves as she straightened back up, past her thighs to her panties and the bulge...

Wait, what?

Yeah. He'd seen right. No amount of blinking was changing the view. There was an actual tent in her underwear.

"Weren't expecting that, were you?" Natalie said softly. Her voice held an overtone of teasing to match her words, but also a hint of uncertainty. She slid her panties down and kicked them off. "Here's where we see if you freak out or not."

Natalie sported a partly erect cock right about where Chris would have expected her vagina to be. It seemed to point right at him, and twitched and bounced ever so slightly with every movement she made. It was smooth and hairless, and decidedly feminine, as far as a penis could ever be called such. Chris was hypnotized, in a 'deer in the headlights' kind of way.

"The hell?" he mumbled.

"Well you haven't bolted," Natalie said. "That's a good sign. Of course, I imagine it would be hard to move when Sasha's working you like that. Rather unfair of us to spring the trap when you're getting a blowjob, I know."

She padded the few steps back to Chris, her swaying erection appearing to grow all the larger with proximity. Chris wrenched his eyes away and up to her face. She was smiling crookedly, but also warily. She wasn't sure how he was going to react. That was fair enough. He wasn't sure either.

He wished Sasha wasn't doing such nice things to his cock. Natalie was right; it was very hard to make himself move under the circumstances.

"So you're..." Chris said, quickly running out of words.

"I have a dick," Natalie confirmed. "And balls."

"And Sasha..."

"Yep."

Chris swallowed. "You're not gonna tell me that... like..."

"All the girls living here, yes. This place is called Futa House for a reason."

"Ah. Not a weird pronunciation of Future House after all."

Chris almost laughed. He felt an insane, manic urge to curl up and giggle until it all made sense.

"No," Natalie agreed. "Not a weird pronunciation."

Chris nodded. "Sasha? Could you please stop for a minute."

Sasha ignored him. Her tongue ran along the underside of his shaft and her lips wrapped comfortably around it just as consistently as if nothing was amiss. From her perspective, perhaps nothing was.

"If this is really a deal-breaker, you can say so, and you can go," Natalie said quietly. She sat back down beside Chris. "Some guys are like that. Even the ones we get sent. We get a fair number of runners. But you're more clever than that, right?"

"What's clever got to do with it?" Chris asked, his voice slightly choked as Sasha made his toes curl for a second with a particularly involved flick of her head, before backing off again.

"You must see the potential," Natalie said. She took his unresisting hand and set it on her throbbing cock. "Sure, you might be thinking this is unnatural, or that staying here's gonna turn you gay, or some stupid shit like that. But I think you can see that this is still a very good opportunity for you."

"Is it?"

"Do you not think so?"

Natalie wrapped his fingers around her warm, thick shaft. She was noticeably bigger than he was, though that wasn't really the main thing on his mind.

"I don't know," Chris said. "I really don't know. This... like... I don't know."

"Let me put it this way. If you thought we all had pussies, but you never got to see them all year, you'd still think this was a great place to live, wouldn't you? Bearing in mind you're getting a stellar blowjob almost immediately without even having to ask."

Sasha looked up and made eye contact with Chris. She winked just before pushing forward and taking his length all the way to the base and holding there for a moment.

Chris groaned softly. "Maybe."

"There's no maybe about it. You know you would."

"Ok. So maybe that's true. So what?"

"So don't be an idiot. That's all."

Natalie was moving his hand up and down, masturbating herself vicariously. He was still pretty weirded out, but he had to admit it didn't feel bad or anything. In fact, it even felt... nice? Well... ok, at least.

After a moment she released his hand and Chris just kind of kept stroking her. He was pretty used to jerking himself off, and the motion was practically identical. Natalie was a little softer and thicker than he was used to, but his fingers still knew what to do.

She leaned back and let her eyes fall halfway closed. She peered at him from beneath her heavy lids, smiling faintly in encouragement and enjoyment.

Maybe it was just because he was horny, but Chris's worry and conflict were already fading into dull background emotions. He knew he'd still have to deal with them, but for right now it was ok.

He kept jerking Natalie off while also daring to run his free hand through Sasha's hair. He'd become rather distracted, but when he put his focus back on the heavenly mouth sliding around on his cock, he felt the stirrings of an orgasm waiting to be released.

Natalie was right, in a way. It would idiotic to pass on this chance based solely on his knee-jerk reaction. If he decided he really didn't want to be here after careful, logical thought, that was one thing. Giving in to irrational fear and emotion was quite another.

"You can let him cum now," Natalie said.

Chris turned to her in confusion, but soon found out what she meant. Sasha, it turned out, had been deliberately toying with him, keeping him not quite at the point of accidental explosion. Keeping him docile, no doubt. When she wanted to make him cum, she did.

Chris moaned aloud as sudden burst of enthusiasm and skill surged into Sasha's mouth and hands. She pumped him vigourously, then growled in satisfaction as his cum shot into her mouth shortly after.

Sasha sat back on her heels with a self-satisfied grin. A few strands of mixed spit and cum stretched between her lips and Chris's cock, lasting only a brief second before falling away.

Now that he knew what to look for, Chris noted signs of her arousal as well. A hard mass in the front of her jeans where he wouldn't have expected any. He imagined her trapped erection was probably just as uncomfortable for her as it was for him when such things happened.

"Good, right?" Natalie said.

Chris nodded. "Yeah. Really good."

Sasha beamed even harder.

"Do you want to try now?" Natalie asked.

"Try what?" Even as he asked the question, Chris realized what she meant. "Wait, you want me to..."

"Yes. Of course I do. You must know I'm pretty horny now, don't you?"

Chris looked down to where his fingers were wrapped tightly around Natalie's cock. He's stopped stroking her at some point and was just gripping her. She pulsed gently in his hand. Her need was, indeed, fairly obvious when he gave it some consideration.

"I can't," he said.

"Why ever not?" Natalie countered.

"Because... because... I don't do that."

"You mean you haven't done that. You can't know that you don't if you've never been given a chance."

Chris shook his head and tried to sort out his instinctive refusal. He felt like he needed to make a coherent argument, but had no idea where to start. His reasoning was obvious, but only in the sort of way that turned out to be inexplicable when pressed.

"I'm a boy," he said.

Sasha giggled. "We know that, silly. A cute boy with lots of potential. That's why we're interested."

Natalie nodded. "What she said."

"What I mean," Chris said desperately, "is that I don't do... that. I'm not that sort of boy."

"Do you mean, perhaps, that you aren't gay?" Natalie suggested lightly. "And that therefore you oughtn't to suck cock? Despite the one having very little to do with the other in this case?"

Chris felt like his argument didn't really make sense when put that way. Still, he struggled on. "Yes?" he said with a slightly quavering voice.

"I see." Natalie appeared to give his problem due consideration. "Is that really how you feel, or is it how you think you should feel?"

Chris bit his lip. "I'm... not sure."

"You should try it," Sasha said. "It's not as nice as getting sucked off, obviously, but it's still pretty fun."

"She's not wrong," Natalie said.

Once more, Chris stared at the cock he still hadn't managed to let go of. He could try it, he decided. If he really had to. At least then he'd know for sure.

Besides, he'd already established that it didn't feel bad to play with a penis other than his own. Weird, sure, but not unpleasant by any means. Natalie's cock felt basically like his, except without all the lovely, pleasurable feelings masturbation provided. If he was fine with jerking her off, using his mouth couldn't really be that much worse.

"If I try it," Chris said slowly, "do you promise not to tell anyone?"

Natalie and Sasha exchanged a glance. "Do you mean not tell anyone else at all?" Natalie asked. "Or anyone outside the house? And do you mean about this instance in particular, or-"

Chris flushed. "I mean, like, if I hate it. If I don't want to do it anymore-"

"Oh, right." Natalie waved away his embarrassed diatribe. "I assure you, Christopher MacKenzie, I give you my solemn oath that if you choose to leave this house, neither Sasha or I will reveal anything to anyone, save only that you have chosen not to remain. We don't go around spreading gossip in revenge for being slighted, if that's what you're worried about."

Sasha actually looked a little hurt. "We take good care of our boys. Even if you don't want to stay with us."

"Or," Natalie continued, "if you're worried about being made fun of, bear in mind you aren't the first newbie to this house. Not by a long shot. We're here to teach and guide as much as we're here to satisfy our urges. Well, nearly as much, anyway."

Sasha nodded. "Me and Nat especially, but the other girls too. At least the ones who aren't as new to sex as you are."

Chris looked down. "Who said I'm new?" he mumbled.

"I meant new to, like, this stuff," Sasha said, waving her hand in a rough circle. "With the cocks and whatever."

Natalie put a reassuring hand on Chris's thigh. "Whatever experience level you're at," she said gently, "it's not really important. Not to us."

Chris bit his lip. He wasn't sure how his fears had gone from perfectly reasonable 'not wanting to suck dick,' to something more in relation to his relative lack of experience compared to Natalie and Sasha. He was pretty sure that wasn't what he'd been worried about. Not at first. And yet...

"Well, I definitely haven't sucked cock before," Chris said.

"That's ok," Sasha said cheerfully. "I'll help if you need me to. It's mostly pretty straight forward anyway."

She offered him her pillow for kneeling on. He wasn't quite sure how his statement equated to agreement, but he found himself going along with her. He'd been swayed, he realized, though his conscious mind had been a little slower to realize it than the rest of him.

Chris knelt down beside the bed, getting comfortable on the cushion Sasha had relinquished to him.

The girls took the opportunity to adjust themselves as well. Natalie faced straight at him and spread her legs to allow him access. Sasha hummed to herself while stripping out of her jeans, then knelt next to Chris in just her panties.

It was still weird seeing such a bulge in female underwear, but Chris didn't begrudge Sasha releasing her erection from her tight jeans, even if she did 'accidentally' brush it against him a bit as she settled.

Natalie's cock looked all the more intimidating when it was right in front of his face. He was pretty sure he couldn't take all of it. But then, he didn't have to. He could just try it, see how he felt, and maybe that would be the end of it for him.

"It looks big, doesn't it?" Sasha said from next to Chris's shoulder.

"Kinda, yeah," Chris said.

"Don't worry about that. Even I can't take her all the way."

Natalie's eyes twinkled. "That's because-"

"Oh shut up," Sasha said. "No teasing me about my oral skills right now. I'm trying to help. You'll only make Chris nervous."

Chris, in fact, didn't need any help being made nervous. He could handle that part on his own.

"Just start out with your hands," Sasha coaxed. "Maybe lick her a little. Or kiss her. Easy stuff. It all feels pretty good, whatever you do."

Chris nodded. He understood the logic of what she was saying, and it was a lot less daunting to try some things that didn't involve cramming his mouth full of girlcock straight away.

Having already stroked Natalie, Chris opted to do some more of that. There was room on her shaft for both his hands, so he experimented with one and two-handed grips. He slid his loosely wrapped fingers along her cock, then nearly jerked away when she cooed in pleasure.

Chris laughed nervously and kept playing with Natalie's penis. It was actually kind of neat to get such a different angle and perspective, the sort that was unavailable when playing with himself.

Sasha leaned into him. Her naked breasts pressed against his arm and shoulder blade. "Don't forget your mouth," she whispered. "It's integral to a blowjob."

"I know that," Chris muttered back. "I'm not ready, is all."

"Sure you are. Give her a li'l lick."

Just to get Sasha off his back, so to speak, Chris leaned forward and stuck his tongue out. He swiped it across the head of Natalie's cock, provoking a small twitch and moan from her.

There was a faint taste, a little salt, a little something else. Chris tried another lick, then another. He liked the way she pulsed in his hand with every flick of his tongue, and the hint of sexual flavour was kind of nice too.

Sasha got even closer as she watched over his shoulder. It was a bit uncomfortable having her so near and observant when he was only just figuring things out, but he enjoyed having her pressed up against him too much to say anything about it.

Chris licked and stroked, and gradually got comfortable enough with what he was doing that he didn't worry about it anymore. Once he stopped dwelling on the sexual and social connotations, nothing about the physical act itself bothered him.

He started sucking on the tip of Natalie's cock without really thinking about it. It just seemed like the natural next step. He wasn't nearly ready to try taking her full length in his mouth, but just the head by itself was a nice size to play with.

"That's it," Sasha said approvingly. "Not so scary anymore, is it?"

Chris shook his head slightly without releasing Natalie's penis.

"That feels good," Natalie said from above. "But you could try using your hands more if you aren't ready to go deeper yet."

There was a note in her voice that suggested it was more than an idle suggestion. That perhaps she was getting a tad impatient. Not enough to hurry him, but enough to make her antsy.

Chris understood. He knew that sometimes, as fun as just playing could be, one needed more than that. Sometimes it was about getting off more so than having fun along the way. Horniness could be a fickle and demanding mistress.

He stroked his hand up and down Natalie's shaft while keeping his mouth affixed to the top area. He bobbed his head a little, just to test how easily he might take her if it came to that.

"A bit harder," Sasha whispered. "She's getting pretty worked up."

Chris flicked his eyes up at Natalie, craning his neck a bit to get a good look at her without leaving her cock. She did, indeed, have a slightly glazed look to her eyes, and her mouth hung halfway open in a soft, lustful pant.

A bizarre surge of pride filled him at the recognition that he was doing an acceptable-perhaps even good-job. It encouraged him all the more.

Chris took more of Natalie's shaft in his mouth, no longer pausing to consider, just doing what felt right in the moment. He bobbed his head a little over the end while still jerking off the base.

Her soft moans drove him on, and he was soon taking all that he comfortably could in his mouth, which still wasn't quite half her length.

Sasha squealed excitedly at Chris's loss of reluctance. She nipped playfully at his ear, and her breasts squished against his shoulder even more firmly.

Natalie, too, was getting noisier and wiggling around more. She kept reaching for Chris, then hesitating and pulling back again, like she didn't want to scare him off.

"Yesss," Natalie hissed.

She reached for Chris one more time, and this time grabbed his head and pulled him deeper onto her shaft. Her cock didn't quite go down his throat, but just made him gag at the attempt. The torrent of cum that followed turned his gagging into choking.

Chris coughed and spluttered, swallowing some of the cum, spitting the rest out to drool down his chin and over his shirt. He finally managed to wrest his head free as Natalie finished up, and the last of her orgasm ran directly onto his already soggy front.

"Easy there," Sasha said, unable to contain her laughter. "That's a virgin throat you just tried to impale."

Natalie appeared suitably abashed, but also satisfied and not quite as repentant as Chris might have liked. "Sorry," she said. "I lost control a little toward the end." She grabbed a corner of a sheet from the bed and wiped his face for him. "You're just so cute, and made me feel so good."

"Um... thanks?" Chris said. His face felt warm, and there was some more of that bizarre pride bouncing around internally.

He'd just officially sucked cock. He'd swallowed some cum and everything. He was pretty sure he should feel disgusted with himself, or with the girls, or with something. But Natalie's beaming face looking down at him, so utterly contented and pleased with him, made it hard to feel anything nearly so negative.

"See? Fun, right?" Sasha said.

"I don't know if I'd go that far," Chris said faintly.

"But you'd do it again, though, yeah?"

Chris hesitated, then nodded. "Yeah."

Sasha ruffled his hair with more familiarity than warranted. "That's a good boy. Now how about doing me next? That was way too hot watching you suck Nat off."

She pulled off her panties and stood beside Chris, offering him a cock that was no less intimidating than Natalie's. Precum leaked from the tip, and in general she appeared even needier than her friend.

"Give the boy a chance to catch his breath," Natalie said languidly as she stretched out cat-like across the bed.

"Easy for you to say," Sasha pouted. "You already got to cum."

"That's true."

Sasha turned back to Chris. Her eyes looked very big all of a sudden, and she made a sufficiently pitiful expression to distract from her cock stuck in his face. "Please?"

She wiggled back and forth a little, just enough to make her cock sway with a hypnotizing rhythm. Chris flicked his gaze between her face and her dick and felt himself caving. Penis or not, there was a sexy, naked girl asking him for a sexual favour. Pleading, in fact.

"Ok," he said.

Sasha's broad smile made it all preemptively worth it. "Awesome!"

She pressed against Chris's lips, and he opened up for her. Unlike Natalie, she didn't wait for him, but thrust gently into his warm little mouth.

"Mmm, yesss," Sasha moaned happily. "That's the stuff."

Chris gagged as her cock thrust against the back of his mouth. He tried to put his hands on her hips and hold her back, but she wasn't even paying attention. Now that she was in, she was making herself at home.

Sasha grabbed Chris's head with both hands and used the leverage to force her way even deeper inside, despite his best efforts to prevent the added intrusion.

A rising panic took hold of Chris as his throat was forced open. He fought harder to push Sasha away, but she had a much better position, and was stronger than she looked. She would not be denied.

In fact, she still didn't even seem to acknowledge that Chris was having any troubles. Her face was a mask of joyous lust, and she was only getting wilder with every new and deeper thrust.

"Whoa, ease up there, Sasha." Natalie said. "You're gonna choke the poor thing."

Chris flicked his eyes to the side, hoping to see Natalie coming to his rescue, but she was just lying there, relaxed, watching the show. She was, in fact, idly playing with herself. Her cock had already rehardened after cumming all over him.

Sasha wasn't slowing down. She didn't seem to be aware of anything other than the mouth wrapped around her throbbing shaft. With a final hard shove, she had herself fully buried down Chris's throat. She held him there a moment, forehead pressed against her tummy, lungs clawing for air through a totally blocked windpipe.

"Let him breathe," Natalie reminded Sasha. "I'll be very annoyed if you make him pass out when he's only just warming up to us."

"Oops, right."

Sasha pulled back enough to let Chris gasp some shallow, ragged breaths around her shaft. She didn't pull all the way out, though, and soon began rhythmically thrusting in and out of his throat, with barely enough space in between for him to cycle some air.

"It's just been so long since I had a proper boytoy to play with," Sasha said. "I haven't had any all summer, practically."

"You poor thing," Natalie said with a distinct lack of sympathy. "You know that wouldn't be a problem if you'd stop scaring potential boyfriends off."

"Pff, whatever. Like that's my fault."

Chris wasn't able to chime in, what with his mouth being so full, but he was pretty sure he understood why Sasha might have trouble with boys. Certainly if she'd tried pounding their throats the way she was currently using his, there might be some reluctance on their parts.

Although, to be fair, it wasn't that bad once he got used to it. He had his breathing more or less figured out, though he still felt kind of light headed and would have preferred a gentler approach like Natalie had taken. Plus he was pretty sure his throat was going to be sore afterward.

On the other hand, Chris wasn't used to girls being nearly so enthusiastic about doing sexy stuff with him. Getting throat-fucked wouldn't have been his first choice of activity, but there was still something oddly gratifying about inspiring such lust in a girl who was clearly much more experienced than he was.

Perhaps more importantly, Sasha and Natalie were hot. Their cocks had thrown him at first, but even so, he was definitely aroused. Even after getting a blowjob, and subsequently having to give a couple, he was still pretty turned on.

Sasha fucked Chris's face a little harder, then growled and held him against her tummy again. He felt her cock pulse, and his throat fill with a warm, thick liquid. He only got a taste of her cum as she started to pull out toward the end of her orgasm. The last of it dribbled onto his tongue, then down the front of his shirt to join Natalie's previous mess.

Chris fell backward and gasped big lungfuls of air.

"You shouldn't be so rough," Natalie said calmly. "You'll scare him off. He hasn't agreed to stay yet."

"You were rough too," Sasha said. Her petulance was tempered with the satisfaction of a lovely orgasm. "Wasn't just me."

"You were rougher than me and you know it," Natalie said, still without any real vehemence behind her words. She slid off the bed and knelt down beside Chris. "How are you feeling?"

Chris shrugged. His breathing was slowing somewhat. "Ok, I think."

"Sasha wasn't too hard on you, was she?"

"Whatever," Sasha scoffed. "He's hard again. He can't be that bothered."

Chris flushed, but Sasha was basically right. "It was a little much," he said. "But... I think I'm fine."

Natalie smiled gently and smoothed back some of his ruffled hair. "You're not going to run off, then?"

Chris gazed at Natalie's erection, which wasn't all that far from his face the way they were positioned, then back up to her questioning face. "I think maybe I'll stay."

"Ha! I knew he would," Sasha said. She knelt down opposite Natalie. Her cock, too, was rehardening remarkably quickly, considering how much work it had been getting it off once already. "You know a good thing when you see it, don't ya, Chris?"

"That or I'm easily manipulated," Chris said. "I'm not entirely sure which yet."

The girls helped him up and got him sat back to the bed. It remained mildly disconcerting that all three of them had erections as they sat together, but Chris was becoming increasingly comfortable with the situation.

"We kinda made a mess already, huh?" Chris said. "Does that usually happen?"

"Sure does," Natalie said. "I wouldn't worry about it too much. Your room in particular is gonna get cleaned every day once we get rolling. Or more often, as necessary. Bedding and floors and everything. We'll get the new girls on it once they arrive."

"Can't have you sleeping in puddles of cum every night," Sasha added. "That wouldn't be very nice of us."

"Ah." Chris scratched the back of his head. "Does that mean... you expect puddles of cum in here?"

"Maybe not literally," Natalie said. "But... there are going to be a lot more girls like us living here. With, you know, active sex drives."

Chris nodded slowly. "And I'm meant to be..."

"Our boytoy," Sasha supplied helpfully. "You're gonna be doing a lot more of what you just did. Among other things."

"We really are meant to have more than one of you," Natalie said apologetically. "We'll try and get the girls to go easy, maybe play amongst themselves when they're willing, but yeah. It's gonna be a lot of work for you."

"I see," Chris said. "Is there any reason why, let's say, you couldn't all 'play amongst yourselves' without any boys here at all?"

Sasha frowned. "Well that would be silly."

"Why, exactly?"

"A variety of reasons," Natalie said. "First off, we all have our own preferences. Same as anyone, really. Me and Sasha, for instance, will mess around sometimes if we're in the right mood-"

"Or if we're horny enough," Sasha said.

"Right. That too," Natalie said. "But we both much prefer boys. We're traditionalists like that. The majority of the girls here tend to run the same way." She cleared her throat. "Secondly, how well do you think it works when two dozen girls want their dicks played with, and there's no one to take any of that cock?"

Chris considered. "Not well?"

"Exactly." Natalie shrugged. "That's an exaggeration, of course, because generally we try to help each other when necessary. But I can assure you, it's been tried before. All futas living here. It was a disaster, as I hear tell."

"Buncha cranky, horny girls," Sasha said. "All fighting and getting bitchy and shit. Nah, dude, we need boytoys. Keeps everything running smooth." A sly grin spread over her lips. "Speaking of which..."

Sasha moved Chris's hand to her cock. The ice had been broken sufficiently that he rolled his eyes, but tightened his fingers around her and slowly jerked her off.

"You could all just learn to masturbate like normal people," Chris said. "I know it's probably not as fun, but it gets the rest of us by."

"Oh, we do that too," Natalie assured him as she claimed his other hand. "If we really have to, we can get by with nothing but our own hands for a while. We'd prefer not to, though."

"And going too long like that leads to the same cranky, bitchy girls I mentioned before," Sasha said. "It's just nothing like the sweet release of dumping a load down a silky boy-throat."

"You're fucking with me, right?" Chris said. "It can't be that different."

"Fucking with you, you say?" Sasha said, eyes agleam. "We-"

"To answer your question," Natalie said in a louder, interrupting tone, "It is different. You must understand that on some level. It's just... you know how boys tend to have a more uncontrollable sex drive than girls?"

"I guess so," Chris said. "That's the stereotype anyway."

Natalie nodded. "Well imagine that we're that much worse again than boys."

"Oh." Chris considered the analogy. "That kinda makes sense, actually."

"Glad you think so," Sasha said as she leaned in. "Because-"

Chris startled as the door opened. He'd forgotten that they weren't truly alone in the house. The girls turned as well, but much more calmly.

It was the girl Chris had seen earlier, but hadn't actually been properly introduced to. Tiffany, he thought.

"Hey, guys," Tiffany said, apparently not at all surprised to find them disheveled, half-or-fully naked, and engaged in a light threeway. "There's a lady here looking for-"

Chris squeaked and yanked his hands away from Natalie and Sasha's laps as his mother appeared behind Tiffany.

"Thank you, dear, but I can handle it from here," Molly said. She smiled wryly at the scene in the room. "I'm glad you're all getting along, but might I have a private moment with my son?"

The girls stood and gathered up whatever bits of their clothing happened to be near at hand.

"Sure thing, Mrs. M," Natalie said. "Sorry, we kinda got right to it."

"That's quite all right," Molly assured her. "I expected as much."

Chris, for his part, was panicking, and hastily dragging the blanket over his legs in an attempt to cover himself. His mom had just walked in. Just walked in! What the hell?!

All the other shit he had to process-he'd been doing remarkably well, he thought-and now he had to deal with his mother having seen him jerking off Natalie and Sasha. Not to mention the fact that his erection had been prominently displayed for her as she entered.

The girls cleared out without bothering to dress first. Despite everything, Chris couldn't help checking out their asses as they swayed out of the room. They had amazing butts, even if brief flashes of cock confused the effect somewhat.

Molly sighed, her eyes following the same view as her son's. "My ass used to look like that," she said wistfully.

Chris tactfully pretended he hadn't heard.

"So," Molly said, closing the door, "you're settling in already, I see."

"Mom, can we... can you just..."

"Hush, Christopher. It's alright. Don't start hyperventilating."

She stepped closer, which did nothing to help Chris calm down. He pulled his blanket more tightly over his lap, making sure it was still bundled to hide his erection.

"I didn't mean to," Chris whined.

Molly arched an eyebrow. "Do you think I didn't know what was going to happen?"

"... did you?"

"Of course. I told you I went here when I was your age, didn't I?"

"Yeah, but... not, like, to this house in particular, right?" Chris was not comforted by the looked on his mother's face. "Right?" he repeated desperately.

Molly sat down gently next to her son. "They really made a mess already, didn't they?" she said, tracing a finger up Chris's chest, and the drying cum thereon. "I honestly didn't think you'd jump in quite so eagerly."

Chris was pretty sure life didn't get any more embarrassing. He turned his head and squeezed his eyes tight for a moment. His mother, naturally, couldn't let that go and swung his chin back toward her.

"Mom," he pleaded, "please tell me you didn't live here."

"I did, baby," she said in a quiet, apologetic voice. "I knew what I was sending you into."

"But... why?"

"Well, partly because I know what these girls go through, and I know they need some good boys to look after them." Molly shrugged. "And partly, too, I thought it would be good for you. I know you haven't had much luck with... romance. And such."

"Mom!"

"Sorry. But it's true, isn't it?"

Chris grimaced. "You're right. But still."

"This is going to help. I know it is." Molly's lips quirked into a crooked smile. "You're off to a good start."

Chris managed a weak smile in return. "You expected me to just be ok with this, huh?"

"I hoped so. There was certainly a chance you'd want nothing to do with these girls, but... they can be quite persuasive, when they want to be. And they'll look after you now that I can't. That's important to me too."

"I'm not sure that's exactly what they'll be doing, Mom."

"Not the main thing, no. But they'd never let anything happen to their boytoy. Nothing serious, anyway. Nothing more severe than some aching muscles the next day."

Chris actually chuckled, albeit only faintly. Then his expression dimmed again. "I still don't understand, though. They told me only girls with... not girls, exactly... futas... only them and a few boys stay here. So how did you..."

Molly cocked her head. "Haven't you figured that out yet?"

"I mean, I didn't really want to, but... kinda? Except it doesn't make any sense because you're my Mo- oh, wait. Oh no. Please don't tell me-"

"Biologically your father, yes," she said. "But still your mom in every way that matters, if that helps any."

Chris sighed heavily. "I really don't know if anything helps right now. I've been about as confused and embarrassed this afternoon as I can take."

"I'll try not to add to that any further, then," Molly said as she stood up again. "Perhaps I'll ask those nice girls to go easy on you this evening. In the meantime, perhaps we should gather your things and get you squared away. Something nice and simple."

"Uh, sure," Chris said. "But, uh, do you think you could grab me a change of clothes first?"

Molly's smile was right on the edge of bursting into laughter. "Sure, baby. You sit tight for a moment. I'll be right back."

****

Chris got very little time to himself the rest of the day. He and his mom moved his stuff into his room, with some help from Natalie and Sasha once his mother commandeered them for the purpose. He wasn't sure exactly what the hierarchy was meant to be, what with her not being a current resident, but the girls seemed to listen to her.

He was conflicted about seeing his mom off afterward. All awkwardness aside, he was going to miss her. She was the only close family he'd ever known, and he'd never been away from her for anywhere near a whole school term at a time. On the other hand, given the way Natalie, Sasha, and the other girls kept eyeing him, he was just as happy not having his mom around for too long.

The hug goodbye was just the slightest bit weird for Chris. He couldn't help wondering about his mom's penis. Not that he meant to, but as he was pressed up against her, their arms wrapped around each other, his mind just went there all on its own. She had one, apparently. All these years and he'd never suspected.

He had some time to process after her departure. The girls let him be, more or less, except for moving through his room like professional maids and turning it back into a neat and tidy place to hang out for a while.

Chris met two other residents of Futa House at supper. Aside from Natalie and Sasha, and Tiffany who he'd sort of met, the other two senior girls were Beth and Layla. He had trouble keeping their names straight, because they looked far too similar to each other. It would have been nice if they hadn't been introduced at the same time, he felt. That might have helped.

It wasn't long after eating that Chris was approached by Tiffany. He had a suspicion that there was an order to these things, and it was 'her turn.'

"Hey," she said.

Chris nodded in return, and acted nonchalant despite being pretty sure she wasn't after casual conversation. "Hey."

Tiffany nodded to the stairs. "Wanna go to your room?"

"You mean for, like, a blowjob, right?"

She smiled wryly. "That's the idea. I mean, I don't mind if you're not ready for that yet. Sasha tells me you kinda just got dropped into this whole thing without warning."

"That's basically true. Actually no, that's entirely true."

Tiffany nodded. She shifted her weight and fidgeted anxiously. "And really, there should be more than one of you to take care of everyone, so I get it if you wanna limit how much you do..."

Chris was a little surprised by her demeanor, though he wasn't sure he should be. Natalie and Sasha weren't necessarily representative of how all the girls were going to act. Tiffany certainly wasn't quite as assertive or sure of herself, though he wouldn't have exactly called her shy, either.

In any case, he wasn't about to say no to her. She clearly needed some help, judging by the way she kept bouncing from foot to foot and twiddling with her hair and shirt, and anything loose her fingers found, generally. Plus, she was cute, and it was still quite a thrill to him that these girls all wanted to do stuff with him. Or to him. Whatever.

"Sure," he said. "Let's go."

Tiffany smiled wider, and gestured for him to go first. He could have sworn she was checking out his butt as he ascended the stairs ahead of her. That was yet another thing he wasn't used to.

Chris found himself in a somewhat nervous state as the two of them entered his room. Not nearly so nervous as he'd been earlier with Natalie and Sasha, but he didn't know Tiffany very well at all, and his previous experience that day didn't eliminate all his anxieties.

"Would you mind closing the door?" he asked.

"Oh, sure," Tiffany said. "I guess you're not really used to people watching you yet, huh?"

"Um... I'm not really used to any of it." Chris tilted his head. "Are people gonna be watching?"

Tiffany shrugged. "It tends to happen. You know, when the girls are waiting their turn, or just for something to do."

Her calm delivery didn't help Chris relax. His tummy got all the more fluttery at the idea that he'd end up performing for an audience on a regular basis. It probably wouldn't be all that different from sucking off Natalie and Sasha while the other watched, but it was unknown enough to scare him a little.

"Sorry. I just freaked you out a bit, huh?" Tiffany said.

"Yeah, kinda," Chris said. "It's ok. I have to get used to all this sooner or later."

"Very true."

Tiffany started stripping out of her bottoms as casually as could be. She probably had enough experience that it really wasn't anything to her.

Chris watched entranced as her cock popped free, already well on its way to full strength. For some reason, he found the revelation exciting, in its own unique way.

Now bottomless, Tiffany scooted past Chris and settled herself in his bed. She lay down like she was going to sleep, except with her cock sticking lewdly up into the air.

It seemed she wasn't planning on jamming her dick down Chris's throat, for which he was grateful. Her passivity did, however, leave him needing to approach her. Having a cock thrust upon him was very different from crawling up onto the bed in order to suck it, which was what he found himself doing.

"You want a pillow?" Tiffany asked.

Chris paused on his hands and knees, nearly in position between her legs.

"Um, for what?"

"To lie on. Or whatever. Sometimes that makes it easier, but it's up to you."

"Uh... sure. Why not."

Chris accepted the proffered pillow and laid it beneath him. It gave him a little boost as he lay down in turn, and made the angle of attack less daunting. It still wasn't ideal, though.

"I don't know about this," he said. "I think I'll be too low if I lie down, but too high if I don't."

Tiffany tilted her head. "I mean, you know my cock'll bend somewhat, right? It doesn't have to stay straight up like that."

Chris bit his lip and grabbed Tiffany's rock-hard shaft. For some reason, it had looked far more fixed and rigid until he touched it. He knew how his penis worked, but that hadn't quite translated to anyone else's.

It was much easier to line Tiffany's cock up when he held it at a slight downward angle. He stroked it softly and gave it a few tentative licks, causing her to moan in appreciation.

Chris was a lot less squeamish about sucking dick than on his first attempt. He took her in his mouth without even having to be prompted, let alone shoved forcefully down her pole.

"Mmm, that's nice," Tiffany purred. "You're a quick learner, aren't you?"

It was truly odd how good compliments about his cock-sucking abilities made him feel.

Chris kept up a moderate rhythm, and took as much of Tiffany in his mouth as he comfortably could. His plan was, essentially, to do a good enough job that she wouldn't feel the need to use him roughly to finish herself off. So far so good.

Tiffany was calmer and more respectful than Natalie or Sasha, and Chris didn't think it was entirely due to his increased oral skills. He vaguely wondered why they hadn't started him on her instead, seeing as how she was so much more patient and laid back about it.

It was nice to be able to take his time and learn what worked and what didn't at his own pace. As long as Tiffany was getting sucked and stroked, she seemed content to let him do his thing.


Chris experienced her orgasm nearing in a more subtle way than with the other girls. Much less violent throat invading. Instead, he felt her cock pulse and twitch in his mouth and hand, her hips buck slightly, and her moaning increase in volume until she erupted in a long, low growl.

Mouthfuls of cum exploded onto Chris's tongue. He swallowed some, but despite having a better idea what to expect, was still surprised by the volume and was unable to keep up. The overflow ran out his mouth, down his chin, and onto Tiffany's balls and the sheets beneath her.

Once she was finished, Chris pulled his head back and finished swallowing the last little bits of cum in his mouth. He was starting to develop a taste for it, and he wasn't sure if that was a good thing or not. He kept a gentle hold of her shaft as it settled down and softened in his grip.

"Thanks," Tiffany said. "I needed that." She patted his head and stroked his hair as one might a beloved pet.

Chris didn't quite know how to react to the slightly patronizing gesture, but it was kind of pleasant, so he ignored it. "You're welcome. Thank you for not going crazy on me."

Tiffany laughed. "Nat and Sasha, right? They can go a little overboard, for sure. So can a lot of the girls, honestly. You'll have to say something if it gets too much to handle, or they're just gonna keep using you however they want."

"I'll, uh, keep that in mind."

"As well you should. Just remember, everyone here wants you to be happy. A cranky boytoy is bad news for everyone. Especially when we've only got the one this year."

"Um... sure." Chris chewed his bottom lip. "Do I really have to be called a boytoy? I'm not sure I like it."

"You'll probably just have to get used to that, I'm afraid," Tiffany said. "It's kinda what you are, now."

"But... yeah, ok. You're probably right."

"I can talk to the others about not calling you that if you really want," Tiffany said. "But it's hard to say if it'll stick."

"No, it's ok. You're right. It kind of is what I am." Chris shrugged. "I probably will get used to it. Eventually."

Tiffany and Chris chatted a bit more as she cleaned herself up and got dressed, then she patted his head a final time before exiting. Chris had anticipated a moment to himself at that point, but it turned out someone was already waiting at the door.

"Finally! How long can you possibly take?"

"Oh whatever," Tiffany said. "I didn't know you were there. You could have knocked if you were in a hurry."

Chris lifted his head in mild confusion at the squabbling. He thought he should maybe say something, but he honestly didn't have any idea how to intervene between people who knew each other far better than he knew any of them.

Tiffany left before he could do much of anything either way. Beth slipped in the room as she left, followed closely by Layla. Or, possibly, Layla then Beth. Chris still wasn't quite sure. He really, really wished they hadn't come in together. That wasn't helping differentiate them any.

"Um... hey, Beth," Chris said tentatively.

He was relieved when the first girl nodded back, even as she pulled off her clothes. Casual stripping didn't seem to bother anyone around the house. Which probably made sense, under the circumstances.

"Hey yourself," Beth said.

"Layla," Chris said, following up with more confident eye contact with the second girl.

Layla gave him a half smile, but stayed quiet as she took her clothes off just as casually and efficiently as Beth.

"I hope you don't mind if we do you together," Beth said, almost conversationally.

Chris's eyes went wide. "Together? What, like, not both in my mouth at the same time, right? There's no way that would work."

Layla giggled like he'd said something funny. Beth smiled too.

"In your mouth and butt, silly," Beth explained like it was obvious.

Chris recoiled even more. "Well that's not happening either!"

The girls looked confused and unsure what to do now. They already had their cocks out and pointed at him, and Layla was just finishing undoing her bra, releasing quite a lovely pair of tits. A quick glance back and forth between the two confirmed that even their breasts matched. Not that it would have been an easy method of telling them apart, but it certainly wasn't helping.

"Wait, so you haven't done anal yet?" Beth asked.

"He's new," Layla said in a quieter tone. "Maybe no one tried it yet."

Beth nodded. "Maybe. All those other years, the boytoys were already broken in by the time we got here. Huh."

"I really wish you wouldn't talk about me like I'm just a sex toy," Chris muttered.

"Sorry," Layla said.

"Yeah, sorry." Beth stepped closer, her erection straining toward him. "We can still get blowjobs, right? One at a time, obviously."

Chris let out a breath and felt some tension drain away. This was more within his comfort zone. "Sure. That I can do."

Beth turned back toward Layla. Without discussing it, they each extended a hand and threw a quick round of rock, paper, scissors. Or tried to, anyway. They ended up tying three times in a row before Layla emerged victorious.

"Ugh, you always win," Beth protested. "It doesn't make any sense."

Layla smirked and moved past her, approaching Chris.

"So, uh, how do you want to-" Chris began. Layla ignored him and put her hands on his shoulders, forcing him to kneel. "Oh, ok. I guess that works."

Beth harrumphed across the room and sat grumpily on the bed to watch while she awaited her turn. She played with herself a little, but was clearly holding out for Chris's mouth.

Chris tried to start with some licking and sucking on Layla's cock, getting himself ready more so than her, but she shoved her way directly into his mouth. At least she stopped there and didn't go straight down his throat, so still not as rough as Sasha. What followed was a mixture of him bobbing his head and working her shaft, and her thrusting back and forth inside him.

Layla's cock bumped against the back of his throat with varying degrees of firmness. It got harder and harder to keep her satisfied without allowing her to fully submerge herself, but he managed.

This time, Chris correctly anticipated the gusher of cum at the end, but still hadn't perfected his reaction to it. As per usual, he swallowed some of it, and the rest made a mess all over his front.

Beth impatiently pushed Layla aside while Chris was still catching his breath. She shoved her cock into his mouth and began pounding with very little restraint. With single-minded focus, she thrust again and again, until his throat gave in and accepted her hard cock.

Chris gagged and drooled around Beth's invading shaft. He tried to pull away, just enough to empty his throat for a moment, but she was insistent. Her fucking was perfectly measured to clear his airway just barely long to allow breath, before filling him right back up again.

"Aw yeah. That's what I'm talking about." Beth hissed in abject pleasure. "Boy holes are the best. So tight and silky."

Copious spilled saliva joined the cum that had already spilled down Chris's chin and shirt. No more cum was added, however, as Beth buried herself balls deep in his face before unloading inside him.

Chris had no choice but to swallow everything, as Beth's cum was already halfway to his stomach before he got a say in the matter. He felt like quite a bedraggled mess by the time Beth pulled out and wiped her dick on a clean sleeve of his shirt.

At least he was done, he assumed. For one day.

The thought shook Chris a bit. So far as he could tell, he was signing up for this same sort of treatment every day. Only worse, because there were going to be more of them. There was a very good chance it wasn't going to be physically possible to handle.

"Alright, Lay," Beth said. "Let's go."

Layla shook her head. "I want to go again."

Beth put her hands on her hips. "The poor boy's only new. Cut him some slack."

Chris thought that was an odd attitude, given how rough she's just been, but he appreciated the sentiment.

Layla, however, remained stubborn, in her own taciturn sort of way. "Again," she insisted

Chris sighed and opened his mouth as Layla moved back into position. Apparently he wasn't quite done yet.

"Sorry about her," Beth said. "She's like this sometimes."

Chris shrugged and would have said it was ok, but his mouth was full.

"I'm going back to our room, Lay," Beth said. "Don't be too long."

"'K," said Layla.

Beth flounced out of the room, totally naked, apparently unconcerned about her clothing. Chris only got to watch her for a brief moment before her lovely, swaying ass was out of his peripheral vision.

Layla fucked his face a little rougher than the first time, though still not quite matching the pounding Beth had given him. With his throat warmed up, Layla had an easier time thrusting balls deep inside his mouth without having to force it.

She lasted longer this time, having gotten off once already. Chris was getting pretty worn out by the time she finished up again and added to the growing mess on his chest.

Unexpectedly, once she was done, Layla knelt and wiped his chin. She gave him a soft kiss, barely brushing his lips with hers.

"Thank you," she said softly.

"Uh... you're welcome," Chris replied, somewhat unsure about the gesture.

There were definitely some interesting facets to these girls once he got past their overwhelming sex drives. He had to try and remember that they were unique individuals, just like everyone else, excepting perhaps when they were shoving cocks down his throat. They all seemed to enjoy that activity.

Layla grabbed her shirt and put it on, but otherwise left her clothes scattered on the floor much as Beth had. She wandered out, bare ass and flaccid cock swaying with every step.

Chris moved in a bit of a daze after that. He was pretty out of it. There was too much on his mind, and he'd had a tiring day.

He kicked all the abandoned clothing into a loose pile, unsure what else to do with it short of yelling for the girls to come back and fetch their things. He didn't dare do that in case they decided they needed more blowjobs.

He'd only just pulled off his cum-stained shirt to examine the damage when Natalie knocked gently on his open door. She padded in without waiting for an invitation.

"How's it going?" Natalie asked.

She'd abandoned pants in favour of just her panties below the waist. Chris was distracted by the prominent bulge in them, even though he felt like he should have been getting used to that by now.

"How do you even fit in those panties?" Chris mused aloud.

Natalie smirked. "It takes some doing. Gotta buy the right kinds to start with. There's a lot of ladies underwear that just can't contain a cock very well, if you can imagine."

Chris nodded absently. "Speaking of which, Beth and Layla left most of their clothes here. Does that, like, happen a lot?"

"You mean wandering around naked? Or using your room as a laundry hamper? Because either way, yes." Natalie shrugged. "Your room gets cleaned regularly. Some of the veteran girls tend to get sloppy and just leave stuff here to get washed with everything else."

"And I suppose they probably don't get embarrassed easily either."

"Nope, not so much. I mean, we get shy girls here, sure, but there's enough nudity and sex going on that they don't tend to stay shy. Not if they ever want a turn with one of the boytoys." Natalie grinned. "It's only gonna get worse for them this year. Everyone sharing you, it's gonna mean even less privacy."

"Gee. I can hardly wait."

Natalie took his shirt away so he'd stop fiddling with it and tossed it on top of the pile of clothes he'd made.

"Don't you worry about that," she said. "We'll get you trained up. You're already doing really well. You haven't chickened out at hardly anything yet. Believe me, most boys don't have the natural skill and enthusiasm that you seem to."

"I'm not convinced that's a good thing," Chris muttered.

"Sure it is. What'd be worse is being on the fence and being totally miserable about being here. You're fitting right in." Natalie patted his shoulder. "Now how about we get you cleaned up and off to bed. You'll need your rest."

"Yeah, that sounds good, actually. I could use some sleep."

Natalie helped Chris take the rest of his clothes off. She seemed amused at how hard he was, but not at all surprised. She stripped naked as well, once he was done. She was only about half-erect, but her dick was visibly twitching to life.

She wrapped her fingers around Chris's cock and stroked it a couple times, then tightened her grip and began leading him out of the room. He followed, because what else can one do when they're being led by the penis?

Chris and Natalie entered the house's bathroom, which he'd only briefly visited once earlier in the day. It seemed far too big and empty, but he'd been assured that would change once the house filled up.

Natalie selected a shower stall and dragged Chris in behind her. He took the chance to admire her from behind while she turned on the water and adjusted the temperature.

Like all the girls he'd met so far, Natalie had a body that could easily have occupied a prime spot in his sexual fantasies, if not for the big, jarring penis in place of a pussy. When seen from behind, she was merely a beautiful, naked girl who wanted to hop in the shower with him, which was absolutely crazy. That she did, in fact, have a cock made it crazy in a whole different way.

The thing was, Chris didn't even particularly mind. He was focused on how hot Natalie was, and how lucky he was to have been pushed into this living situation. Donating his mouth as a masturbation toy for these horny futas was a small enough price to pay in exchange for all the benefits.

Acting on impulse, and deciding to test his degree of liberty, Chris reached out and squeezed Natalie's butt. Her soft but firm ass cheek felt amazing in his hand.

"I was wondering if you were ever gonna feel me up," Natalie said.

"Did you want me to?" Chris asked.

She shrugged. "Kinda, I guess. It's nice to feel sexy enough that it overcomes a new boytoy's shyness."

Chris switched to a two-handed grip and fondled Natalie's bottom with even less restraint. "You're very sexy," he assured her, feeling slightly lame at his insistence. "I mean, I think so."

She turned, an impish grin on her lips. "Even with the cock?"

He swallowed and nodded. "Yeah. Even with it."

Natalie bit her lip, then stepped in and wrapped her arms around Chris. She kissed him ever-so-softly. Their erections met and slipped awkwardly past one another.

"I kinda wish you weren't bigger than me, is all," Chris mumbled. "I still don't know how to take that."

"Honestly, don't worry about it," Natalie said. "None of us mind. I assure you."

"Yeah, no, I know. You're more interested in my mouth."

"Among other things," Natalie agreed, slipping a hand down to tease his ass.

"Hey! Cut that out. Beth was trying to get at my butt too. What's with you guys?"

Natalie quirked an eyebrow. "You don't really think it's gonna be all mouth stuff, do you?"

"Well... yeah. It's gonna have to be. There is no way my ass can handle any of you."

"Really? Have you tried?"

"No. Obviously."

"Then I'd say you might be surprised what your ass can take." Natalie leaned closer and nipped playfully at his ear. "I can guarantee you, I'm going to get in it sooner or later," she whispered. "And as long as you don't freak out, you're gonna love it."

"I really don't think that's happening."

"Suit yourself," Natalie said in a way that suggested she wasn't truly conceding the point. "How's your jaw holding up?"

"Um... a little sore, I guess. I'm glad I'm done with blowjobs for the day."

"Uh huh. And that's only with five of us here. What do you think happens when we have a full house?"

Chris considered and felt a small surge of panic. "Aw, fuck."

"Yep. That's right." Natalie reached around and patted his butt. "Once you get used to it, your butt's gonna have way more staying power than your mouth and throat. You're gonna need the extra daily capacity."

"I... fuck. What have I gotten myself into?"

"A very fun time, assuming you loosen up. You know, literally and figuratively."

"I got it, thanks. No need to explain any more than that."

With a final smug grin, Natalie stepped under the shower's cascade. She beckoned for Chris to follow, and he did.

It was snug with both of them in the shower stall, but not cramped. There was room to maneuver, though it required some cooperation.

Chris set his nerves and fears aside in favour of enjoying getting all close and slippery with Natalie. Her breasts kept pressing against him, and their cocks poked each other in the tummy, thighs, and butt, depending on which way they were facing at any given moment.

All pretense of showering was set aside as they groped and explored each other. Chris was becoming increasingly horny and incautious. He felt Natalie wherever he wanted, and delighted that she didn't seem to have any boundaries. Boobs, butt, legs, cock, it was all good. She was just as bold about touching him.

Somehow they ended up stroking each other's straining erection, masturbating one another while warm water poured down their naked bodies.

"Oh goddamn," Chris moaned as he leaned back against the wall.

"You like that, huh?" Natalie purred.

"Hell yeah."

"Good. Let's try something you seemed to like even more earlier."

Natalie sank to her knees and rotated her grip on his cock. She kissed and licked and teased him, then pressed forward and took him into her mouth.

She bobbed back and forth for a moment, then pushed deeper still, taking him easily all the way the base. Her forehead pressed against his tummy, and her velvety throat embraced the top of his cock.

"Holy fuck," Chris breathed.

He suddenly understood the reason some of the girls had forced their way into his throat on a whole different level. If they could get so much hornier than him, as they claimed, then no wonder they couldn't hold back.

Natalie worked him like a professional until he came. She swallowed most of his load, then saved the last bit on her tongue to show him before swallowing it down too.

"See?" she said, as she regained her feet. "It's all gonna be worth it. I promise."

Chris nodded absently. "I think I might really believe that."

"Good. 'Cause I want something now."

Chris was guided to turn around, which he only complied with hesitantly. "You don't mean my butt, do you? Because I told you-"

"Not inside, no," Natalie said. "Don't worry so much. We'll save that adventure for tomorrow."

"Um..."

He still tensed up when Natalie's cock slid across his ass, but he relaxed again when he realized she really wasn't trying to surprise butt sex him. All she actually did was grind on him, sliding her hard shaft up and down his butt crack. That was fine. Kind of fun, even.

Chris let Natalie rub off against him until he felt hot cum splash all over his back. She kept thrusting as more and more goo covered his wet skin, but was finally done.

"I probably shouldn't have done that," Natalie said. "Cum's such a bitch to clean off in the shower."

Nevertheless, she scrubbed Chris's back free of the mess she'd just made. They then took turns washing and shampooing each other until they were about as clean as feasible.

There were stacks of towels in a cupboard outside the showers. Natalie padded over to grab a couple, water dripping from her beautiful, naked form the whole way.

The tiled floor with a few scattered drains easily allowed such wanderings without making a mess, Chris realized. He couldn't help but picture the room full of wet, naked girls, all in various stages of showering or drying off. His cock twitched back to life at the thought.

Of course, somehow, even in his imagination, all those girls were sporting substantial erections. This house was going to break him if he stayed. He simply wasn't going to come out the same as he'd gone in. And maybe... maybe that was ok.

They dried off with only a bit more playful fondling slowing them down. Chris was worn out, and even full access to a sexy, naked girl could only distract him so long when he'd just orgasmed shortly before.

Upon getting back to his room, Chris crawled into bed and was tucked in by Natalie. It was a slightly infantilizing gesture, but he didn't really mind at all. He was mostly just ready for sleep. He did, however, appreciate the sight of her breasts dangling overhead as she snugged the covers up around him.

"I'm glad you decided to stay," Natalie said. "I think it's going to be a good time for everyone."

"You wouldn't have anyone to use as a sex toy if I left," Chris mumbled sleepily. "That's all you mean."

"No, it's more than that," she assured him. "I'll admit that's a factor, but also, you're cute, and you're fun, and you're surprisingly adventurous considering what I first assumed." She smiled wryly. "Then again, it's always the quiet ones who are unpredictable. You never can tell what you're getting."

There was a cough at the doorway, a clearing of the throat to announce a presence. Natalie turned and shifted just enough that Chris could see Sasha standing halfway in the room.

"You're not really going to bed already, are you?" Sasha asked.

"He's had a busy day," Natalie answered for Chris.

"Yeah, but... but I want another turn," Sasha said, almost at a whine.

Natalie sighed and rolled her eyes theatrically. "If you give me a couple minutes, I'll come suck you off, ok?"

Sasha pouted. "I wanted Chris to do it."

"Sorry," Chris mumbled. "I'm tired."

"Fine." Sasha turned away. "Don't be too long, Nat."

"I'll be right there," Natalie called after her.

"That's nice of you," Chris said. In his sleepy mind, it was almost a sweet gesture, rather than a sexually depraved one.

"Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do," Natalie said. "She'll get cranky if she doesn't get any blowjob at all, now that she had her heart set on getting another one from you."

Chris nodded. "Do you think Beth and Layla do that sort of thing for each other too? Them seemed close."

"I imagine they would appear that way," Natalie said lightly. "They're twins after all." She shrugged. "I really couldn't say what they get up to with each other. They've shared a room since the first year they got here, and no one's ever actually caught them doing stuff."

"Oh. But... they wanted to fuck me at the same time."

"I'm sure they did. They love double-teaming boys. That's not the same as what you were implying." Natalie shrugged again. "Not that there's anything wrong with that. We have needs. And it's not like there's any danger of one of us impregnating another. So there's that."

Chris was too tired to ponder the ethical ramifications any longer.

"Lucky you guys." He rolled over a bit to get more comfortable. "G'night, Nat."

"Good night, Chris. Pleasant dreams."

****

Part Two: Anal Training

****

Something poked Chris's face. He groaned, squeezed his eyes more tightly shut, and tried to roll over. His shoulder was grabbed, and he was held in place. His mouth was poked more insistently.

He cracked his eyelids, and was not terribly surprised to find a cock in his face. Traveling his gaze upward, he discovered that said cock was attached to a nude Sasha, who was beaming down at him.

"Morning," she chirped.

"Nnnggh," said Chris.

"I tried to be patient. But I really couldn't wait any longer."

"I thought Natalie was taking care of you."

"She did, last night. That was ages ago." Sasha thrust her hips gently forward, smushing her cock head into Chris's lips again. "Open up."

"No. I haven't even woken up yet."

"Don't worry. I'll wake you up."

"Not by jamming your dick down my throat again you won't."

"Wanna bet?"

Sasha pushed Chris onto his back, then easily swung a leg over him and straddled his head facing his feet. Her beautiful round ass was directly above him, which at least got his eyes to open properly. Despite his reluctance to let her win so early in the morning, his cock twitched to life at the magnificent view she was giving him.

"Last chance," Sasha warned. "Are you gonna be a good boy?"

"Not unless you give me another hour or two first," Chris grumbled.

"So be it."

Without further warning, Sasha sat herself down, directly on Chris's face. He'd been expecting something more like her trying to pry his jaw open, rather than smothering his head with her big, soft ass. His cock grew ever harder.

At first, Chris wasn't terribly bothered by being used as Sasha's seat. However, he couldn't actually breathe, which drastically limited the amount of time he was ok with it.

He pushed Sasha, assuming she was just messing around, but she held firm. A rising panic made him push harder, then slap at her thighs and ass.

She finally lifted herself, allowing Chris to suck in a desperate gasp of air. As soon as his mouth was wide open, she shoved her cock in.

"Mmm," Sasha moaned. "That's better. Woulda been easier on you if you'd just cooperated, you know."

Chris was unable to answer since he was busy choking on her rapidly pistoning cock. Mostly he grunted and drooled, and drew small breaths when he could get them.

Sasha brutalized Chris's throat until she came. A hot explosion of her gooey cum poured into him, most of which was swallowed without ever being tasted.

She pulled out at the end, small strings of saliva and semen connecting her cock to his lips for a second, before falling away. With a tenderness belying her former wild passion, she wiped his face with the corner of one of his sheets.

"That wasn't nice," Chris panted.

"Was for me."

"Just because you had fun doesn't make it ok."

Sasha flipped back the covers. "You're awfully hard for someone who claims not to be enjoying himself."

Chris flushed. "I can't help that," he mumbled.

"Believe me, I am well aware. Mine has a mind of its own too." Sasha gently ran her fingers along Chris's shaft. "Do you still want me to leave, or are you gonna put your petulance aside long enough for me to play with you a little?"

It was no choice at all, really. Sasha was already gliding her fingers all over Chris's cock, and her sweet ass was still tantalizingly close to his face.

"You can stay," he said with only a hint of sulk in his voice.

"That's what I thought."

Sasha gripped him more firmly and stroked him with slow, smooth motions. She bent down and flicked her tongue all over the head, occasionally sucking just the tip between her lips.

Chris was soon mollified by the decadent treatment his cock was receiving. It made up quite nicely for the rough, early morning face-fucking.

Sasha's bum dipped lower and lower as she worked Chris's cock. He was relieved that she didn't seem to be trying to penetrate his mouth again already, and rather intrigued at the increasing proximity of her butthole. She wiggled back and forth a little, and Chris realized it was most likely entirely deliberate.

Well, what the hell. It wasn't like it would be the most questionable thing he'd done in the past twenty-four hours.

Chris grabbed Sasha's ass and pulled it down further still. He squeezed and massaged her butt cheeks, then explored into her butt crack. His fingertips traced delicately around the tightly puckered hole in the middle.

"That's a good boy," Sasha said. "You can lick it, if you want. I showered, so it's all clean."

"I don't know if I'm ready for that," Chris said, despite still being quite fascinated.

It was the first time a girl had ever let him examine and play with her butthole, let alone been so eager about it, practically forcing it upon him. It was enthralling. He circled it, pressed gently at it, then finally decided he wanted to lick it after all.

The first few swipes of his tongue were tentative and cautious, but they soon got longer and bolder. Her skin mostly just tasted like skin, neither good or bad. It was so deliciously naughty, however, and that was what really drove him. That and Sasha's reactions.

The more frantically Chris licked, the wilder Sasha got sucking him off and rubbing her butt in his face. He hadn't really expected her to enjoy it that much, but since she'd been the one to offer her ass for licking, it probably made sense that it was something she got off on.

Chris felt his orgasm nearing. He lapped maniacally at Sasha's butthole, hoping to spur her on to the very end. Instead, she rather disappointingly stopped altogether.

"You're pretty horny now, right?" Sasha said.

"You know I am. Finish me off already." Chris paused. "Uh... please?"

"I was just wondering," Sasha continued conversationally, "whether you're horny enough to let me do you in the butt."

Chris was, admittedly, not quite so against the idea as he'd been yesterday, but was still pretty sure he couldn't take a cock up there, especially the way Sasha liked to pound him.

"No. That's not happening."

"Why not? I'd be gentle."

"First off, I don't believe you. Second, you wouldn't fit in the first place."

"Sure I would. Boys are always stretchier than they think they are before they've tried it. And I would be so super gentle."

"You're not fooling anyone, Sasha," came a third voice.

Chris peeked around Sasha's thigh to see Natalie standing near the doorway. She was bottomless, and slowly stroking her hard cock as she watched the two of them.

"I could too be gentle," Sasha insisted.

"No," said Natalie. "You couldn't. You'd start out gentle, then you'd get too excited and start pounding like you always do."

"But... but... it's not fair," Sasha whined. "I never get to deflower any boys."

"Sure you do," Natalie said gently. "Remember our first year here? You found a boy to bring home?"

"Um..."

"And how he couldn't sit down for a week afterward?"

"Oh, right. Him."

"And last year? Another boy who didn't know any better? Remember what happened?"

"He... wouldn't return my texts after that." Sasha swung her leg away, unstraddling Chris and kneeling on the far side of the bed. She flushed in mild embarrassment. "I didn't mean to be so rough with them."

"I know, baby girl," Natalie said soothingly. She leaned over Chris and gave Sasha a soft kiss. "But I'm not letting you scare Chris off of anal. I've got everyone else here to think of."

"Um, I'm not really sure-" Chris began nervously.

"Hush, little one," Natalie said. "I'll get to you in a minute."

"Fine," Sasha grumbled with crossed arms. "You're right. I probably can't be gentle enough for a first time."

"Don't pout," Natalie said. "You can prep him, if you want."

Sasha twisted her head back and forth a few times as she wrestled the conflict between petulance and lust. "Ok," she finally said. "Are we doing it now?"

"That's the idea," Natalie said. "At least a warm up. We've only got today to spare before others start showing up, and we mustn't still have our boytoy being obstinate by then."

"Alright, hang on now," Chris said. "I think I've been pretty clear about my ass being off limits."

"You have," Natalie agreed easily. "But I think perhaps we just haven't properly incentivized you yet." She grabbed his cock and jerked it rhythmically. "Now, you don't have to commit to a proper ass-fuck yet. But if you're willing to at least try it, you can have a go on my butt afterward. Or Sasha's, if you'd prefer."

Chris had been all set to say no again, but Natalie had successfully tempted him enough to make him hesitate. Plus her hand on his dick made it hard to concentrate on his moral indignation the way he would have liked.

"Or both," Sasha said. "Doesn't have to just be one of us, if choosing's the problem."

That wasn't, in fact, the problem. And yet, Chris was all the more tempted by the thought of having both girls. He could still feel Sasha's bumhole on his tongue. The thought of actually getting to stick his cock in there...

The girls weren't helping his resolve. Natalie kept quietly jerking him off, as though she knew it was only a matter of time before he caved. Sasha had actually turned around and stuck her bottom out toward Chris, showing off the prize he could win. Her asshole still gleamed with the layer of saliva he'd bestowed upon it.

"That's not fair," he said.

"It's entirely fair," Natalie said. "More than fair, one might argue."

Sasha winked and wiggled her butt at Chris. He groaned and tried not to look, but it was nearly impossible not to. It was right there, his for the taking, if he only agreed to let Natalie do naughty things to his ass first.

Chris's acquiescence was, perhaps, inevitable. Natalie and Sasha knew what they were doing, and were far too tempting and persuasive to resist forever.

"Fine," he said.

The girls' eyes lit up immediately.

"Really?" Natalie asked.

"Yes," Chris said. "Just... please don't make me regret this."

"I shall certainly endeavour not to," Natalie assured him. She nodded to Sasha. "Get him ready, then."

Sasha smiled almost as eagerly as Natalie. "Roll over," she instructed Chris.

He took a deep breath and rolled onto his tummy. He clutched one of his pillows tightly in an attempt to seek comfort from it. He'd vaguely wondered why there were more pillows than he needed on his bed, but maybe situations like this were exactly the reason.

"You don't need to get all tense," Sasha said as she massage his butt cheeks. "We're not even at the scary part yet."

She had a point, but Chris couldn't help how he felt. Natalie was going to try jamming her cock into a hole that was far too small to accommodate it. His hole. It was probably going to hurt quite a lot.

Still, Sasha was entirely correct that they weren't there yet. All she was doing so far was caressing, kissing, and licking his butthole, which was not only not painful, but actually quite pleasant. Despite his fears, her soothing tonguing and fingering genuinely helped him to relax.

Chris could see Natalie lubing herself up out of the corner of his eye. He tried not to notice, or to pretend that her threateningly hard cock wasn't going up his ass, but had only limited success with either.

It was a mixed blessing when Sasha lubed up her fingers as well and began poking a pair of them into his butthole. It was a welcome distraction, if slightly uncomfortable at first. At least it didn't take long to adjust to the mild penetration, and once he had, it was yet another new experience that turned out to be rather interesting, and perhaps even fun.

But he still wasn't ready for a full cock, let alone one the size Natalie was packing. He maintained, in his head, that it simply wouldn't fit, and that would be that. He'd have to go through with the attempt, however, or they'd never leave him alone.

Neither of the girls seemed to be in as much of a hurry as Chris had assumed. Sasha really took her time fingering and licking him, and Natalie made no move to push her friend out of the way. He still tensed up a little every few minutes when he imagined what was to come, but eventually even those little spasms had basically ceased.

Much to his own surprise, by the time Sasha was finished and Natalie took her place, he couldn't even muster up the appropriate level of dread. He felt Natalie's large, slippery shaft slide in between his butt cheeks and leave a trail of lube up to his lower back, and still he simply lay there and waited.

Sasha got herself settled in with a nice view of the action, slowly and intently stroking herself in anticipation.

Natalie slid her cock back and forth several times, getting Chris used to the feel of it, before pressing the tip against his virgin butthole. She pushed gently but firmly, and Chris was amazed to feel her actually spread him open and sink into him ever so slightly.

"Shh," Natalie whispered soothingly. "You're doing so good."

Chris bit his lip, then buried his face in his pillow to avoid looking at either of them, or vice versa. He felt such a bizarre mixture of things, both physical and emotional, and didn't really know how to handle it, other than to figuratively bury his head in the sand.

His asshole stretched even further open as Natalie pressed a little harder. There was a slight ache as she got to the widest part of her cock head, then the pain faded again as it popped in. It was nothing at all like the agony he'd expected. He'd been all set to yell at her to pull out, and instead he found no cause for such dramatics.

Natalie paused upon entry to allow Chris to adjust. She ran her hands over his butt and up to the small of his back in a gentle massage, ensuring he stayed loose and relaxed.

"Not so bad after all, is it," she said.

Chris grudgingly shook his head, but wasn't quite ready to face the girls yet.

Natalie gave a little push of her hips, sliding that tiny bit deeper into Chris. Since she was already past his butthole, the further penetration didn't seem quite as big a deal. She eased her way deeper and deeper, and still there was no sharp jolt of pain, no cause for sudden alarm.

"Is he super tight?" Sasha asked, sounding rapt and a bit jealous.

"You know he is," Natalie replied. "It's his first time, after all."

Chris risked a peek at Sasha. She was masturbating much faster now, with her eyes glued to his posterior.

"You're so lucky," Sasha said.

"I don't know that luck has much to do with it," Natalie said. She grunted in satisfaction as she shoved her cock the last little bit inside Chris, achieving a full sheath. "Although I'm not inclined to argue the point right now, 'cause this feels really damn good."

Chris felt Natalie's hips meet his at the same time as her balls slapped softly against him. She was all the way in. She felt like she was impossibly deep inside his body, and yet somehow he'd accepted her. He'd taken her entire cock, and he hadn't screamed or passed out or anything.

Natalie moaned even louder as she slowly pulled back out about halfway. "Oh god, he's gripping so tight."

"Not on purpose, I assure you," Chris mumbled around his pillow.

Natalie plunged back in, right to the balls. Once the initial novelty wore off, she wasn't long in establishing a rhythm that wasn't quite as slow as Chris would have liked, but still wasn't unmanageable.

Chris's butt protested the constant in and out motions. It had been much happier just having her filling him up without moving.

"Maybe a little more lube?" Chris suggested tentatively.

"Oh, whoops, good call," Natalie said, abruptly pulling out all the way. "I meant to recoat, but I kinda forgot. You've got quite the hypnotizing bum, you know."

"Geez, Nat," Sasha teased. "And here you were worried about how I'd treat him."

"Shut up. I got excited, is all."

Sasha leaned across Chris, accidentally dragging her cock over his back in the process, and grabbed the lube. She poured some into her palm, then rubbed it all over Natalie's cock for her like it was no big deal.

There was an immediate improvement upon reentry. Natalie glided in even easier, and her thrusts were much smoother.

"Is that better?" she asked.

Chris nodded affirmatively. It was much better. It still wasn't comfortable, exactly, but the longer Natalie gently fucked his ass, the more he found the pleasure in it.

There was a certain snugness to having Natalie balls deep inside his bum. he kind of wished she'd just stay like that for a while instead of focusing so much on fucking him.

He kind of got what he wanted when Natalie abruptly slammed her full length inside his butt and held it there while her dick spasmed and pulsed. A hot liquid spurted deep within him as she came up his ass.

"Daaammmn," Sasha said. "I think he really liked that."

Chris blushed and hid his face again.

Natalie stayed inside him for a little while, long enough that he could feel her start to soften. He felt her breasts on his back and she got down closer and nuzzled the back of his shoulder.

"That was really good," she whispered. "Thank you."

Chris bit his lip and didn't exit the safety of pillow-land.

Natalie sat back, pulling out of his ass with a soft but lewd sucking sound. Sasha almost immediately leaned in and prodded his butthole with her fingers.

"That's so cute," Sasha cooed. "It's still gaping a little." She easily inserted a pair of fingers. "It doesn't hurt, does it?"

Chris hesitated, then shook his head.

"Awesome," Sasha said. She gently finger-fucked him for a moment. "Can I have a turn, then? I mean, I know it was just s'posed to be Nat... but can I? Please? Pretty please?"

Chris turned his head to look at her. She was pouting so adorably that it was hard to say no. Plus, after Natalie had totally failed to cause him nearly as much pain as he'd expected, he wasn't nearly so scared of getting ass-fucked by Sasha anymore.

"You have to stop if I say," Chris said.

Sasha's eyes lit up and she squealed in delight. The sheer joy on her face made his acquiescence worthwhile all by itself.

Natalie gave Sasha's butt a smack as she lubed herself up.

"Be gentle," Natalie reminded her.

"I know, I know," Sasha said, too eager to sound properly annoyed at being patronized. "Don't worry. I got this."

And she was gentle at first, just as promised. Her initial penetration of Chris's ass wasn't as slow as Natalie's, since he was already warmed up, but it was quite tender all the same.

Sasha moaned happily as she sank her cock fully into Chris's tight butthole. He, too, found himself enjoying being snugly filled up again. It was even nicer for a few moments as she lay out on top of him, her soft, naked body pressing down on his back even while her cock firmly claimed his ass. Her breasts in particular felt exquisite as they were squished between her chest and his shoulder blades.

She inevitably began to fuck him properly, lifting her upper body away from him to get a better position to pound his ass. It didn't take her long to get rougher and more energetic than Natalie.

Chris whimpered softly as Sasha's hips slapped against his ass. His poor little bum wasn't anywhere near used to being treated that way. Thanks to a thorough loosening up, it still didn't exactly hurt, though there was a bit of a low-level ache developing.

The main thing that kept him quiet was an odd new sensation for him. It reminded him of jerking off, but different, and not really to do with his penis the way he was used to. It grew stronger and more intense every time Sasha bottomed out in him.

Chris lost himself in the feeling of being rectally pounded by a hot, big-cocked girl. It was like a dream, or perhaps a trance. He couldn't seem to focus on anything, even his own well-being.

He felt like he was on the verge of orgasm. Like somehow he was being held right at the edge, without anyone so much as touching his cock. He wasn't even able to move enough to grind against the bed. It was just the feeling of it. And then, suddenly, he was cumming.

Hot cum spurted onto the sheets beneath him. He felt the warmth and wetness of it on his tummy. Every fresh stroke from Sasha coaxed a little more out, until he was finally spent.

Sasha, however, kept going just as hard as ever, preventing Chris from taking a breather or figuring out what had just happened. She finally grunted animalistically and, for the second time in his life, Chris experienced a load of fresh cum being shot deep into his ass.

It was rather disappointing when she pulled out. Chris's butt felt even more disconcertingly empty than after Natalie's initial fucking.

"He's not moving," Sasha said, just a hint of worry in her voice. "Do you think I broke him?"

"Nah, he's fine," Natalie said. "I think he just came, is all."

"Oh," said Sasha. "Fair enough, then."

Natalie shook Chris's shoulder. "Come on. You can get up now."

Chris slowly pushed himself up on his elbows, then rolled over and sat on his butt a bit gingerly. The bed was soft, and his ass was only a little achy after its workout, so he was able to let his full weight down with only a small wince.

"So, you survived," Natalie said conversationally.

Chris nodded. "I did."

"And it seems like you enjoyed yourself."

"I... didn't not enjoy it, if I can put it that way."

"You totally liked it," Sasha said, bouncing slightly with barely contained glee. "You came all over the bed."

"Yeah. That was weird," Chris said.

"Not so weird," Natalie said. "It happens. Not with every boy every time, but a lot of them at least some of the time."

Sasha perked up even more. "Hey, that means I got to be the first one to make you cum from a butt-fucking!"

She held up her hand. Chris stared at her incredulously for a moment, then gave in and high-fived her.

"You wanna fuck one of our butts now?" Sasha asked. "'Cause you can."

Chris shook his head. "I may kick myself later, but I actually don't think I'm up for that right now."

"Don't worry about regrets like that," Natalie said. "We owe you whenever you want to collect. It doesn't have to be now by any means."

"And really, if you wanna do butt stuff, you just gotta ask," Sasha said. "Or any stuff, really."

"That's true," Natalie said. "We're all quite invested in keeping you happy."

"As long as you get to pound my butt whenever you want?" Chris asked wryly.

"Exactly right," Sasha said earnestly. "Now you're getting it."

****

Chris was a little timid about his ass and its recovery for the next while, but it seemed to have taken things well. He made sure not to let Natalie or Sasha play with it too much in case they decided to have another go.

The three of them lazed around just chatting for a bit, then headed to the showers to get cleaned up. They all squished into one shower stall at first, which was some lovely slippery fun, but they then had to split up to actually have enough room for washing.

Since Natalie had been the one to shower with Chris the night before, she semi-graciously allowed Sasha a turn. That predictably resulted in Chris sucking Sasha off yet again, then taking a load of her cum all over his face. After that, she helped him shower off for real.

Breakfast followed their sexy shower time. Chris took a cue from the girls and didn't bother getting fully dressed. Partly, he assumed, it would have just meant more of his clothes getting messed next time someone came all over him. He threw on a shirt and boxers for the sake of pretending like modesty mattered.

Natalie, similarly, put on a shirt and panties. Chris examined her underwear more closely, intrigued by its ability to contain her cock without it falling out or being too blatantly obvious. He blushed when he got caught staring at her tucked away package.

Sasha was even less formal, and only put on a top. Her soft cock swung free between her legs. She seemed absolutely unembarrassed to leave it hanging out for all to see.

Tiffany, Beth, and Layla had all beaten them to the breakfast table, and were in similar states of partial dress. Chris got a little nervous under their sly, knowing stares. He couldn't help feeling like the three of them knew that Natalie and Sasha had both just finished fucking his ass, and were probably plotting how to get a turn themselves. He couldn't even chalk it up to mere paranoia, because they all anticipated him surrendering his butt sooner or later.

Thankfully, Natalie and Sasha took him out on a more comprehensive tour of the campus after breakfast, which gave him a chance to get away from his sexual pressures and responsibilities for a while.

"Does everyone know about Futa House?" Chris asked after he felt like he'd been getting some looks from passers by.

"To varying degrees, sure," Natalie answered with a total lack of concern. "To most of them, it's all just rumour and theory. Some know the truth. Some of them are good friends, some think it's a big joke, some despise us for being freaks." She shrugged. "We run mostly the same gamut as any group who's a bit different."

"Ok, sure," Chris said. "I guess I kind of meant more specifically whether everyone's going to know about me. You know, like, what I'm doing there."

Sasha wrapped an arm around his shoulders. "Don't you worry about that. We got your back if anyone decides to be a dick."

"And will anyone decide to be a dick?" Chris asked.

"Quite possibly," Natalie said. "It's not a common problem, but it happens. Honestly, it's more likely that people'll think you're a legend for 'living with a bunch of hot chicks and totally banging them.'"

"I'm not entirely sure how much better that is," Chris said.

Natalie shrugged. "Like I say, most of what people are gonna know, if you don't straight up tell them anything, is gonna be rumours and speculation. It can go either way. And people are... people. They all react differently to things. I can promise nothing, essentially."

Chris was not terribly comforted by their assurances, overall. He was only put at ease once he realized that the looks he was getting could just as easily have been envy as disgust. He caught a flash of their reflection in a window as they passed, which caused him to think about how the three of them actually appeared.

He was walking around flanked by two total hotties. That was the short version. Either Natalie or Sasha would have been what he considered 'out of his league' until very recently, and now not only was he strolling along with them, occasionally touching or holding hands, but he could have sex with either of them whenever he wanted. Not to mention how much sex they'd be having even when he didn't particularly want.

A different perspective really helped. His insecurities became elation and a sense that he'd hit the sexual jackpot. Who even gave a fuck what anyone else thought?

****

Chris headed back to his room after his tour with the intention of just chilling for a bit. Perhaps unsurprisingly, that didn't last long.

The door opened maybe five minutes after he'd flopped down on his bed to stare at the ceiling and ponder his new life. Beth stepped in, with Layla just behind her.

"Come in," Chris said a tad sarcastically.

Beth ignored him. "You're doing butt stuff now, right?"

"If I said no, would you believe me?"

Beth was already stripping. "Me and Layla, we've been patient."

"For certain values of 'patient,' sure," Chris said. Despite his sass, he watched intently as Beth disrobed. The novelty of hot girls casually taking their clothes off in front of him hadn't yet faded.

Beth stood up again once she was naked. She fidgeted, shifting her weight from foot to foot. Her cock was erect and drooling. "You let Nat and Sasha fuck you," she said, nearly a whine.

Chris sighed. "So I did. I suppose you're going to say I have to let the both of you do it too."

"Well... it's only fair."

Chris glanced at Layla, who was hanging back a little. She hadn't taken her clothes off yet, but her erect state was quite clear even so.

He almost couldn't believe he hadn't realized they were twins until being told. They weren't mirror images, exactly, but they were so similar as to make it painfully obvious now that he knew.

"What you said yesterday," Chris said, "about doing me at the same time..."

"What about it?" Beth asked. Then she brightened. "Does that mean we can?"

"I just mean, like, isn't that weird?"

"Why would it be? It's not like our balls touch."

"He means because we're sisters," Layla said quietly. "He thinks it's weird."

"Oh." Beth frowned. "That's a little narrow minded, don't you think?"

"I honestly don't know what to think about much of anything these days," Chris said. He stood up and started removing his clothes. "I'm still new to this shit. You're gonna have to go slow and warm me up."

"No problem," Beth said. "I can go slow, if it means getting some of that cute little butt."

Layla put a hand on Beth's shoulder before she could get any closer. "Me first."

"Hell no! Me first."

The twins glared at each other, then silently extended fists. They through rock, paper, scissors a few times, tying the first several rounds, before Layla emerged victorious again.

"Fuck's sake!" Beth said with a frightening scowl. "Every fucking time."

Layla, however, was all smiles. She disrobed and approached the bed.

There was some confusion as the three of them got settled. Being with Natalie and Sasha one after the other hadn't really prepared Chris for the logistics of two girls at the same time. He ended up having to get on his hands and knees instead of lying nearly prone as he had earlier. It wasn't as comfortable for him, but he imagined that probably wasn't the twins' first priority at the moment.

Beth stuck her cock down his throat with hardly any preamble. She seemed to have decided to take out her grudge with her sister on his mouth, though at least she slowed down after a few hard, penetrating strokes. He couldn't have taken that kind of oral pounding for very long.

Layla very efficiently lubed up his butthole and spent several minutes finger-fucking him. She didn't spend quite the time and effort that Sasha had earlier, however, so he still wasn't feeling quite ready when she pressed her cock against him.

Chris tried to warn her off, but his mouth was quite full, and it basically only came out as muffled grunting. His ass stretched a bit as Layla tried to enter him, but didn't give way.

"He's too tight," Layla grumbled. "I can't even get in."

"That's how it works," Beth said, just a little smugly. "He's only new. He's bound to need more loosening up than we're used to. Do you want me to do it?"

"No," Layla said with determination. "I can do it."

Layla got some more lube, then fingered Chris more firmly with three fingers instead of two. When she next tried her cock, she managed to force it in, despite causing a sudden stab of pain for poor Chris.

"Gentle!" Beth said. "You nearly made him choke on me just now. Which felt kind of nice, mind you, but still."

Layla grunted in annoyance at her sister and kept working her way deeper into Chris. His butthole protested, but inexorably gave way and slowly relaxed under her assault. It didn't have a choice, really.

Chris was brutally impaled from both ends by the horny sisters. His mouth and ass were their simultaneous playthings.

Having them both balls deep inside him left him filled up like never before. At first it was too much. Too painful, too stimulating, too restricting, and just generally too overwhelming for his inexperienced body and mind to handle.

The positive side, from a certain viewpoint, to being so thoroughly dominated and spit-roasted was that it really didn't matter how he felt or what he was thinking. He didn't have to act or make any decisions. He could simply let himself be used. Beth and Layla were perfectly happy to pound his stretched holes without any input from him.

It took a while to adjust to Layla's anal intrusion in particular, but once he did, Chris once again found that he most enjoyed the moments when she was fully ensconced in his ass. He luxuriated in the brief sensations of fullness, while trying not to wince too much as she pistoned in and out of his sore bum.

Layla finally unloaded her cum in Chris's butt, much to his relief. She held herself deep inside him as she spasmed to completion, then withdrew.

Chris was given brief reprieve as Beth vacated his mouth as well, but it was not to last. The sisters calmly switched positions without any discussion, and Beth took over at his ass.

He groaned and tried to pull away from Beth as she shoved her cock into the sore hole Layla had left her. He couldn't go far, because Layla was also shoving her dick in his face. She was only about half hard, but still seemed to want some oral play time.

"Suck, please," Layla said.

"No thanks," Chris said, wincing as Beth managed to shove herself halfway into his loosened and lubed bottom.

"Suck!" Layla insisted, poking his mouth with her penis.

Chris opened his mouth, and almost immediately had it filled. Layla couldn't throat-fuck him the way she and the rest of the girls usually could, not being fully hard anymore, but she still thrust gently back and forth in time with her sister.

Luckily, he wasn't subjected to the taste of ass and cum for too long, as Beth ejaculated shortly after. She'd probably just been holding out to dump her load in his butt.

Layla pulled out of Chris's mouth and gave him a very sweet kiss on the lips, then flounced off out of the room, totally naked. Beth was a little slower and took the time to wipe herself off.

"Sorry about that," Beth said. "I know that was kinda rough of us."

"Yeah," Chris agreed. "It kinda was." He grunted as he rolled onto his side. "I wish I hadn't let you two do that to me."

"That bad, huh?" Beth chewed her lip. "Layla gets carried away, sometimes. She's never had much control when she gets too horny. And her first time with a new boy's ass? Yeah, I shoulda reined her in."

Chris shrugged. "Sisters. What ya gonna do?"

"Are you mad?"

"Not mad. Just... regretful, maybe. Wondering if I made the right choice." Chris sighed. "I mean, jesus, there's only five of you. What happens when more show up? I can't handle that."

"You will," Beth said far more confidently than Chris felt was warranted. "You'll get used to it."

"I doubt it. Not sure I even want to."

Beth looked guilty. "Don't say that. Let me make it up to you?"

Chris cringed away as she neared again. "Please no."

"Not your butt, silly. Your penis."

"Oh." Chris let his guard back down. "Well that's ok, then."

Beth got Chris on his back, then settled comfortably between his legs. She proceeded to give him a long, sensual blowjob unlike anything he'd yet experienced. In fact, he hesitated to call it a blowjob, except that was the only word he could think of to describe it.

Really, it was more like soft, playful, erotic teasing. Beth kissed, licked, and nuzzled his straining cock, and only very occasionally sucked on it. She traced her fingers along it at times, but never made a fist around his shaft.

It was, in many ways, the polar opposite of the hard twin-fucking she and Layla had just inflicted upon him. This was about him, not them. It was soft, where that had been hard. It was slow instead of fast, patient instead of needy. It was absolutely wonderful.

"Oh my god," Chris breathed. "How long has it been? You haven't even gotten me close to cumming yet."

"I know," Beth said. She gave him another little puppy-lick. "Nice, isn't it?"

"You've done this before?"

She nodded. "Yes. Not often. There's a time and place for it. Usually it's too much time and effort. But occasionally it's nice to do, or have done to me."

"With... Layla?"

Beth tilted her head. Her fingernail glided dangerously up the bottom of his shaft. "Is that what you think?"

"I honestly don't know. You're not like any sisters I've ever known. In more ways than one."

Beth smiled crookedly. She took him between her lips, then nipped with her teeth, just barely enough to register. "Maybe someday I'll tell you our secrets. I don't know you nearly well enough for that yet."

Chris actually laughed. "After what we did, you're still gonna be shy with me?"

"That's only sex stuff. Secrets and feelings are more important."

"Ok, sure."

Admittedly, he was probably the odd one out in the house in regard to how he viewed sex. His positions had already shifted quite dramatically in the short time he'd been there, and would certainly move further still.

Chris let the subject drop. He didn't want to upset Beth by pushing any harder. He didn't really need to know anyway. He was just curious, was all. Honestly, if she and Layla did fuck each other, he was pretty sure he didn't care enough one way or the other to make a fuss over it. Futa House had a way of rearranging his priorities and principles for him, whether he wanted it to or not.

Beth resumed her torturously slow penis play time. She watched him attentively, drawing out every little feeling, making sure never to over-stimulate.

This game, at least, Chris could understand and enjoy in a way he couldn't when getting pounded. Toying with his penis was fine. It wasn't anything like how he'd ever masturbated, but the basic feelings were similar enough, and he felt comfortable with it. It wasn't nearly so alien and novel as what the girls preferred doing to him.

When he finally came, it had built up so long that his cum exploded with unprecedented vigour all over Beth's face and hair. She smiled cat-like and stayed totally still and she was drenched in his cum. She was quite the pretty mess afterward.

"Does that make up for us treating you so badly?" Beth asked as she stretched languidly, like she knew the answer already.

Chris was still staring in awe at her cum-streaked face. "It helps," he said absently.

"Good." Beth gave his cock a final pat. "If you feel you need more to make up for it, just say so. I won't mind."

She kissed him on the cheek, accidentally smudging a bit of his cum on his face in the process, then sauntered out of the room just as naked as Layla, excepting her facial covering.

Chris lay right where he was for a while, a mixture of bliss and subtle agony. He finally dragged himself off his bed and stumbled down to the bathroom.

The thing about having cum up one's ass, he realized, was that it eventually had to come back out. He wasn't thrilled with the discovery.

Natalie was already changing his bedding and throwing all the discarded clothes on his floor into a basket by the time he got back.

"Damn, you're quick," he said.

"Well, you know," said Natalie. "I only have to do this until the younger girls get here. Might as well do a good job until then."

"Sure."

Chris didn't wait for Natalie to finish before sprawling back across the mattress. She spread the final blanket across him like she hadn't noticed.

"Very funny," said Chris.

Natalie pulled the blanket back and folded it at the end of the bed, out of the way. She had a crooked, teasing smile on her lips, but it faded slightly as she examined his expression.

"Something wrong?" she asked.

"Maybe," said Chris.

"You want to tell me?"

"I haven't decided."

Natalie sat down next to him. "You better tell me. I can make you talk if I have to."

"How, exactly?"

"Well... I could get my tits out."

Natalie pulled up her shirt over her breasts. That attracted Chris's attention, but didn't cause him to spontaneously reveal all his secrets.

"That's better, isn't it?" Natalie said while gently shaking from side to side and making her boobies sway.

"Well, yeah. But how is it helping?"

"'Cause now you're focused on my tits instead of whatever's bothering you." Natalie gently batted at her own breasts as yet a further distraction. "So what's up?"

Chris hesitated, then started talking. "I'm pretty sure I can't do this. Not with twenty of you, or however many. I know you all keep telling me I'll get better and more experienced, and it'll all be fine. I just don't think I believe that."

"Ah. I see." Natalie considered. "So you're not having a problem with the job, just the numbers involved?"

"I mean, I guess. Kinda."

"That's good, then. I'd hate to think you were still having doubts about staying with us."

"Yeah, no, I'd like to stay. I want to stay. I'm really getting to like all of you, and..." Chris flushed. "And I like the sexy stuff. Maybe even getting fucked in the ass. I'm not sure about that yet."

Natalie beamed. "Well I'm glad to hear that. We all love having you here. I hope you know that."

"Oh, I certainly do. Some of you maybe a little too much, is all."

Natalie's expression darkened. "What happened?"

"Um..."

"Chris, what happened? Seriously. If someone-"

"It's nothing bad," Chris said quickly. "Nothing you need to worry about or anything."

"I'll be the judge of that, thank you very much."

"It's really not a big deal though. Things got a bit rough, I'm a bit sore now, but-"

"Goddamn it." Natalie pulled her shirt down grumpily. "It wasn't Sasha, was it? No, it couldn't have been. She's been with me most of the day. Unless she snuck in when I wasn't looking." She chewed her bottom lip thoughtfully. "The twins, then. That would make sense. They were just in here, right? Was it Beth or Layla?"

"Um..."

"Nevermind. I'll figure it out. They should know better."

"You don't have to..." Chris trailed off. Natalie was already marching away, laundry forgotten.

He sighed and slumped back on the bed. He felt like he'd made a grievous error. He didn't want to get Layla in trouble, just... something. Just vent a little, maybe. Or get some advice. He'd clearly handled it all wrong.

Honestly, it didn't even hurt that bad. And it wasn't like Layla had meant to be overly rough. She was just a bit excitable. Accidentally sending Natalie after her felt worse than anything she'd inadvertently done to him.

This shit was complicated.

****

Chris was sucking Tiffany off a little later on when Layla appeared hesitantly in the doorway. Chris wasn't sure if he should stop and say something, but fortunately Tiffany came soon enough after that he didn't have to make a decision. He swallowed the last of her load, and she quickly scooted out of the way with a murmured, "Thanks."

"Can I come in?" Layla asked.

Chris wasn't used to any of the girls asking, and confusion alone made him hesitate. "Yeah, sure. Come on in."

She stepped inside, but only covered about half the distance between him and the doorway before she stopped again. She was wearing a long shirt, and presumably no panties underneath because her cock was hanging out the bottom.

"I guess I could take a lesson from Tiff, huh?" Layla said. "She's so much better at just letting you do your thing."

Chris shook his head. "I'm sorry. Natalie talked to you, didn't she? I didn't mean to send her after you. I really didn't."

"I mighta deserved it though," Layla said. She fiddled with the hem of her shirt, accidentally revealing more of her penis in the process. "I didn't realize you were still sore. I thought it was just, like, a little ache or something. Normal stuff."

Chris was a bit worried that she thought his ass aching was going to be normal for him, but he left that alone for the moment. "It's not that bad. It's just... there's going to be so many of you. I can handle you and Beth, and Natalie, Sasha, and Tiffany. Or I think I can, at least. But more? Like... I'm not that durable."

Layla managed a wry smile. "You're way tougher than you think. And more than you look, too. I thought you were gonna be like the usual boys who can't hardly even take it up the ass without weeks of training. I-"

"Hang on, what?"

"What?"

"You said there's usually weeks of training?"

Layla cocked her head, confusion winning out over contrition as some of the gloom left her expression. "Well, yeah. Brand new boytoys don't usually take cock the way you do. Not so quickly."

"But then... but... everyone was acting like I was supposed to."

"Well of course we were. We wanted to fuck you. We're not exactly unbiased."

"Jesus fuck." Chris sat back and shook his head. "So I've been tricked into..."

He stopped and considered. Nothing had been a trick, exactly. It had just been heavily implied that he was meant to do certain things within a certain time frame, with full knowledge of what those things were, and what the consequences might be. Seduced or bribed were probably better words than tricked.

Layla had gone quiet again after an unusual amount of words all at once for her. She sat next to Chris, but not near enough to be touching. He couldn't help but notice her cock slowly stiffening and lifting her shirt in the process. He tried to ignore it for the moment.

"I guess it makes sense," he said at last. "If I'm the only boy here this year, and I'm brand new, there's probably a lot of pressure on me to perform."

Layla shrugged.

"I could almost even think of it as flattering, in a way," Chris said. "That you all want to fuck me so badly. I never got anything like that before I came here. Then again, I guess it's not really anything to do with me. I'm just the warm body that happens to be here, right?"

"I definitely wouldn't say that," Layla said. "You're way cuter than I was expecting."

Chris felt his face warm, and turned his head to hide his blush. "Really?"

"Yeah." Layla ran the back of her finger up and down his cheek. "Super cute."

"Oh. You mean, like, adorable. Not sexy."

"They're kinda the same thing."

"No they aren't. 'Cause girls tend to-"

"We're not ordinary girls, Chris. You know that. We like different things about boys. Different traits." She turned his head back to face her. "Like your lips..." She smiled shyly. "I love your lips."

Chris had a suspicion he knew what was about to happen, but he let it develop anyway. He allowed Layla to guide him to his knees in front of her, with a pillow for padding, then nudge him onto her cock.

It was kind of embarrassing how little flattery it took to make him want to pleasure her. Although it really wasn't her words so much as the desire behind them. He didn't know how much truth there was to what she said, but he liked the idea of legitimately being attractive to her, and not just a pair of warm holes to be used for dumping girl-cum into.

Being cognizant of her earlier failing, Layla was docile as could be this time around. She hardly moved a muscle, except to occasionally stroke Chris's hair while he bobbed his head up and down in her lap.

He much preferred setting his own pace, though he couldn't actually take her in his throat without help. He'd have to work on that. His blowjob technique simply wouldn't be all it could be if he had to rely on getting his throat forced open by overly horny girls.

Layla came in his mouth after a long and gentle suck-session. Her hips bucked and he felt her hand press the back of his head, but she didn't actually push down. That was progress, he felt.

Layla patted him some more, like he was a puppy who'd learned a trick, until he finished swallowing and climbed back into bed.

"You didn't hardly injure me at all that time," Chris said. "That was nice."

Layla kissed him softly and ran her tongue along his lip, sweeping up the last traces of her own cum. "I'll try to do better," she promised. "At least until you've got more practice."

"I'd appreciate that."

Her shirt had gotten hitched up over her butt a little, so as she walked away, Chris had a tantalizing peek at what lay beneath. He belatedly wished he'd asked her to play with his cock before leaving. He was all turned on now.

Chris thought about simply jerking off, though that seemed a bit of a waste when he had other opportunities to explore. And he was still owed from earlier, after all.

It was a mild thrill walking down the hallway naked and erect with no one else around. He was quickly getting used to his new life, but there were still so many new ways to look at his situation, and new things to explore. He'd never been so free to be nude in his life.

Chris stopped briefly by the balcony overlooking the ground floor. He could see the entryway from there, and in theory anyone coming in would see him pretty quickly too. Granted, anyone entering would most likely be someone who'd already seen him naked, and had their dick inside him too, so his risky stance wasn't quite the feat of daring that it might otherwise have been.

Natalie and Sasha were hanging out in the room they shared. Natalie was cross legged on her bed, laptop balanced on her knees while she typed away intently. Sasha had her cock out and was idly stroking it. It was nearly fully hard from her playing with it.

"Chris!" Sasha said with a beaming smile. "Good timing. I just thinking about coming to see you."

"Were you, indeed?" Chris said. "I can't imagine what for."

Sasha giggled. "For sex, silly."

"Ah, yes. Of course."

"Make sure he's ok with it before you jump him," Natalie warned, only briefly taking her eyes off her screen. "Chris needs to be rested for tomorrow."

"You didn't get hurt that bad, did you?" Sasha asked.

Chris wasn't sure if she was actually worried about him, or the possibility that she wouldn't get to fuck him.

"Nah, not that bad," Chris said with false bravery. "But, um... I don't suppose there's any chance the other girls who are going to be showing up won't want to fuck me right away?"

Natalie and Sasha devolved into raucous laughter.

"I'll take that as a no, shall I?" Chris said.

"Yeah, dude," Sasha said. "They're gonna want to tap that. No question." She shrugged. "I mean, some of 'em might be patient, for whatever reason. But, like, I wouldn't count on any lack of desire overall."

"None of them have boyfriends or anything?" Chris suggested weakly.

"Oh sure. Some probably do," Sasha said. "I think I remember one girl used to have a boy who went to this school too. She only ever fucked him and not any of the boytoys. You might get lucky."

"We don't do well at monogamy," Natalie said, finally shutting her laptop. "Especially not if there's separation of any kind. And it's not easy for us to casually date and get our sex fix that way."

Chris sighed heavily. "Well, if I die tomorrow, tell my mother I loved her."

"Can do," Sasha agreed cheerfully. "Now about me fucking you..."

"Actually," Chris said, forestalling Sasha's attempted seduction, "I kinda thought, maybe, like..."

"Like what?"

"Maybe I could have a turn?" he finished while looking down at the floor a bit uncomfortably. In theory, he was pretty sure he'd get a yes. His instincts still hadn't caught up to simply asking as being a viable strategy for getting sex.

"Oh! Right," Sasha said. "Good idea. You go first, then you'll be all relaxed for me."

That wasn't at all Chris's intention, but he let it slide for now. "So how do I... I mean, like..."

"It's not that complicated," Natalie assured him in a soothing voice. "Me and Sasha can both take cocks your size pretty easily, so no worries there. I guess the first thing is just to decide which of us you'd like. Or which order, if you want to try us both. That'd be up to you."

"Um..."

"I wanna go first," Sasha said, neatly solving Chris's dilemma of having to choose between them. "You got to fuck his ass first. It's only fair." Her eyes glinted eagerly. "Besides, I've never taken a boy's penile virginity before. Seems like a neat thing to do at least once."

Chris shrank back. "What makes you think-"

"Don't worry about that," Natalie said. She stood and put a hand on Chris's shoulder. "I told you, things like that aren't big deals to us. It's honestly a good thing this'll be your first time."

"You don't know that it is," Chris mumbled.

"Is it not?" Sasha said. "Because you've been acting like you haven't done it before. Getting all shy and quiet and blushy when the topic comes up." She shrugged. "What, you think we'd like you better if you'd fucked a bunch of girls before? Honestly couldn't give a shit. Except, as I say, it'd be kind of a neat little achievement to be your first. Unless you really want Nat, which is fine. Kind of annoying, though."

Natalie's hand moved from his shoulder and smacked his butt. "Go on. Have a good time. Stop worrying about it."

Chris was still feeling quite embarrassed at the evident transparency of his virginity, despite his efforts not let it slip. He knew it shouldn't bother him, at least partly because he'd had sex repeatedly that day alone, even if it wasn't the sort that traditionally counted. He wasn't even sure why certain kinds of sex counted, and others didn't. That was just the way it was, he supposed.

Sasha saved him from further awkwardness and introspection by going face down, ass up on her bed, then shaking her butt invitingly at him. He was drawn toward her as inexorably as if she'd been reeling him in with a rope.

"You've got such a nice ass," Chris said as he reached out and put his hands on each cheek, spreading her slightly wider.

"Aw, thanks," Sasha said. "I don't get many people staring at it, actually. Not with my pants off, anyway."

Chris traced his finger down the bottom of her cock, which hung hard and neglected below. "No. I suppose you probably don't."

Natalie flounced onto the bed next to Sasha. She'd brought a bottle of lube with her, though didn't hand it over quite yet. "What are you in the mood for?" she asked Chris. "You wanna get right in there? Or maybe eat her out a bit first? Or do some fingering?"

Chris stared transfixed at the tight, crinkled little hole on lewd display before him. He flashed back to the last time it had been stuck in his face, and the bizarre enjoyment he'd felt from giving analingus. "Is it weird if I kinda want to lick it?" he asked.

Natalie giggled. "Not at all. In fact, it's encouraged."

"Mmm, and you did such a nice job last time," Sasha agreed. She gave another wiggle. "Lick me, baby."

Chris was a bit hesitant, and wasn't at all sure about being watched, but moved in and licked Sasha's butthole anyway. She made a deep, low growl in her throat even just at the first swipe of his tongue.

He kept licking, gradually getting into it enough not to worry about Natalie spectating nearby. The noises Sasha made got more and more animalistic and gratifying the more anal attention she got, and became louder still when he closed a hand around her cock and jerked her off a bit while fiercely tonguing her asshole.

Natalie got her cock out to play with herself while she watched. Chris flicked his gaze over to her every so often, but mainly focused on Sasha's increasingly slobbery behind.

"Ooh, yeah. Get something in there," Sasha moaned. "Fuck that's nice."

Chris licked a few more times, then tentatively pressed a finger to her butthole. It sank in pretty easily with only spit for lubrication. He stared awestruck as his own finger disappeared inside a girl's ass. It was a truly captivating sight.

Natalie leaned over and drizzled some lube from her bottle down Sasha's butt crack. Chris pulled his finger out, coated it, then slid it back in even more easily.

Chris fingered Sasha a bit more, but was getting far too horny and impatient to delay any longer. He was excited to the point of shaking a bit at the thought of actually fucking her pretty little ass.

Sasha let out a pathetic whine and squirmed in readiness as Chris positioned himself behind her. Natalie helpfully spread Sasha's bottom to make it easier for him to guide his cock to her rear entrance.

Chris had to push a little harder to get his cock in than he had with his finger. Still, Sasha clearly had more experience than him, based on the amount of warming up they'd done relative to the ease of penetration. Then again, he recalled a with a slight flush of shame, his cock was also notably smaller than the ones that had been shoved inside him.

None of that really mattered to him as he buried his throbbing erection in Sasha's snug bum. She was delightfully warm and tight around him. He savoured the moment, still and quiet just for a moment, then gave a small thrust.

"That's it," Natalie said with an intense gleam in her eyes. "Give it to her."

Chris gave a few more thrusts, each longer and more confident than the last. He got an almost smooth rhythm going, and was absolutely enraptured with the experience of ploughing Sasha's tight and welcoming butthole.

"Harder, Chris," Natalie urged. "You don't need to be gentle with Sasha. She can take it. It's your first time. Enjoy yourself." She gave Sasha's butt a few smacks for emphasis.

Chris smiled shyly and followed Natalie's example, giving Sasha a few extra spanks. Sasha cooed in delight and arched her back even higher.

It didn't seem to matter how hard he pounded her ass, she kept it stuck up in the air, begging for more. He lost himself in the crazy thrill of going totally wild and succumbing to the most insane and lust-driven urges within.

"Aw hell yeah," Natalie breathed. She was unabashedly masturbating again, still occasionally squeezing or spanking Sasha as the mood took her.

All too soon, in Chris's mind, he felt an oncoming orgasm. He wanted to go longer, to fuck Sasha all night, but he also very much didn't want to stop or go slower, so he kept right on pounding her. Cum exploded inside her as he kept thrusting, and only at the end did he hold still, balls deep in her ass. He waited for a few moments, then finally, reluctantly, pulled free.

Natalie squealed and pulled Chris in for an excited hug and kiss on the cheek. "That was awesome!"

"Was it?" he said, just a little on the dazed side.

"Pretty good," Sasha confirmed as she stretched, then got up on her knees and sat back on her heels. "Of course, you just got me all horny."

"You were already horny," Natalie said. "You're always horny."

"Fine. Hornier, then." Sasha looked meaningfully back and forth from her cock to Chris. "Mind if I...?"

Chris nodded. "Yeah, alright."

He lay back while his legs were pinned back and his ass was warmed up in preparation of being filled with cock yet again. Perhaps due to his earlier troubles, Sasha was extra thorough about licking, fingering, and gently stretching his sore little bottom before finally getting to 'the good part.'

Natalie supervised at first in order to make sure Chris was doing ok. She couldn't just watch forever, though. She eventually straddled his head and sat on his face.

Chris was happy enough to kiss and lick Natalie's butthole, though was a bit confused and uncertain when she wiggled around so her balls were dangled in his face instead. Still, they were remarkably smooth and hairless, and somehow girly, despite not being a traditional part of female anatomy. He was brave and gave them a bit of a lick and suck, just to test. Natalie seemed to appreciate that, so he kept at it.

Chris alternated working her balls and butthole according to how she positioned herself above him. He fully expected to get throat-fucked sooner or later, and was proved absolutely correct. He gurgled and gagged a bit, but managed to take his double-penetration pretty well, he thought.

It didn't hurt that both Sasha and Natalie were worked up enough that they didn't last too long pounding his aching holes. He swallowed their pair of loads from both ends, then sagged in relief as he was vacated.

Chris didn't much feel like moving for a while afterward. Natalie and Sasha were perfectly happy to cuddle on either side of him, so it kind of worked out.

"It might be too early to call it," Natalie said, "but I'd say you survived your second day."

Chris nodded. "Mmhm."

"And you took an impressive amount of dick up your butt for your first day of anal training," Sasha said. "It might even be a record."

"God. Don't remind me," Chris said with a groan. "I'm gonna hurt tomorrow."

"We'll make sure to get you nice and warmed up first thing," Natalie said, as though somehow that would reassure him.

"Lots of stretching," Sasha added. "That's the key."

"Could we, perhaps, just not discuss it for a while?" Chris asked. "Let me pretend like I'm not going to be ruthlessly violated tomorrow by a horde of excitable futas?"

"Yeah, fair enough," Natalie said. "You just rest now."

She stroked Chris's hair and hummed a soothing melody. Sasha marred the maternal effect somewhat by occasionally feeling him up and, in particular, fondling and fingering his butt. Still, she was gentle, and it felt kind of nice, so he didn't say anything.

****

Part Three: Facing the Horde

****

Chris woke up snuggled between Natalie and Sasha. He'd apparently fallen asleep in their room.

Their warm skin and soft breasts were quite lovely against him. He could, however, also feel insistent erections jabbing him from both sides

"I think he's awake," Natalie whispered.

"Oh, good," Sasha replied. "I was tired of waiting."

Natalie pulled Chris to her breast and stroked his hair as Sasha slithered down the bed and stuck her face between his butt cheeks. Sasha was licking away at him before he even had his eyes open and clear.

"You're starting early," Chris grumbled.

"Not as early as you think," Natalie said. "You slept in. We didn't want to wake you. You were so cute and angelic. Plus, you needed the rest."

"Mmhm," Sasha concurred without her tongue leaving his butthole.

"Not to mention it's quite important we get you ready for the day," Natalie said. "We're planning on a gentle morning, but we do have to make sure you're all stretched out and prepped for new arrivals."

"Is that just an excuse to start butt-fucking me straight away?" Chris asked.

"No. Not just that."

Chris snuggled against Natalie and suckled at her offered breast while Sasha worked his bum and opened him up.

Sasha remained quite gentle and tender once she switched to her cock. Her movements were slow and pampering, seemingly much more about his comfort than her fun.

They eventually moved down to the common room, which in this case involved Sasha picking Chris up while still inside him, then carrying him all the way down to one of the couches.

It was quite a vulnerable feeling to be casually maneuvered like that while also being unclothed and exposed. Chris felt that he should have been horribly embarrassed about it, except that it was difficult to muster up any sense of shame around Natalie and Sasha in particular, or the other girls either. He'd been naked around and fucked by each and every one of them.

Sasha sat on the couch with Chris in her lap. He expected to get pounded at some point, but she just sat there, passively filling him up. He loved it.

His ass was so wonderfully full, and he wasn't getting torn apart by exuberant fucking. Not only that, but Sasha had her arms around him, holding him cozily against her soft, warm body. It was incredibly pleasant.

Natalie brought out some food and fed Chris breakfast while he remained in his 'booster seat.' Once he was done, things got a little more normal as she stood on the couch and slid her dick into his mouth to get sucked off.

Sasha was getting quite antsy by the time Natalie came down Chris's throat. She'd been remarkably restrained up until then, but she could only last so long.

"I need to fuck him," Sasha whined. "I need to."

"No, Sash," Natalie said. "You know that's not what this morning is about. Switch off, I'll take care of you."

"It's not the same," Sasha grumbled.

Nevertheless, she let Chris stand up, then vacated her seat for Tiffany, who had joined them after a quick breakfast of her own. Chris was reseated on Tiffany's cock, once again without any fucking occurring.

Natalie took one for the team and bent over the couch to let Sasha pound her ass for a while. Chris found the sight absolutely fascinating and watched with wide eyes until Sasha finally unloaded in her friend's butt.

"I'm pretty sure you guys don't really need me as much as you say you do," Chris said as Sasha was busy wiping off her softening dick.

"Like hell," Natalie said. "You think I want to do that every day?"

"Yeah, really," Sasha said as though Chris's suggestion was kind of dumb. "I only fucked Nat 'cause we gotta keep you in good shape today as much as possible. It wasn't like that's what I wanted."

Chris didn't understand, but he was pretty sure further arguing wasn't going to change much of anything. Personally, he found girl butts far more interesting and attractive than his own, but they all clearly felt differently.

Beth and Layla finally dragged themselves out of bed. They wanted a go on Chris, but Natalie absolutely refused them the use of his ass. They felt that was unfair, since Tiffany got to snuggle her cock up in it, but eventually grudgingly agreed that she wasn't actually fucking their boytoy, so it didn't really count.

Chris ended up sucking off the twins one after the other, which they appreciated, even if it wasn't what they really wanted.

The girls took it in turns through the morning to be Chris's bum stretchers. There was no proper fucking allowed at all, mainly just filling him up, with occasional gentle movements being permitted.

Chris's ass had never been anywhere near so relaxed and massaged in his life. He had an amazing several hours just sitting on cocks and chilling.

He basically forgot that they were expecting more housemates to show up, and was startled when the front door burst open. A girl rushed in, head swiveling every which way until she spied Chris. Her eyes lit up like precious gems catching the fiery midday sun.

"Boytoy!"

"Oh," said Chris. "That's how it's going to be."

Naturally none of the other girls lifted a finger to help him as the new futa dragged him off of Natalie's cock and up the stairs. They all just thought it was funny. Jerks.

"Which room's yours?" the girl asked. "Nevermind," she said before Chris could answer. "Must be this one."

"Um," said Chris. "Don't you want to-"

"It's been a brutal summer," the girl carried on like he hadn't even spoken. She pulled off her clothes with a determined efficiency. "Would you believe none of the boys I used to play with came home during the summer? Fucking ridiculous."

"Well," said Chris. "I-"

"Mom and Dad were all 'you can go a few months without' like it's just that easy." The girl shrugged. "They never really understood."

She was already naked. She clearly had no qualms at all about stripping in front of someone she'd literally only just met. Her cock was savagely erect, and drooling precum at a rate Chris had never imagined possible. She didn't seem to have exaggerated how badly she needed this.

Chris lay down on his bed and presented his ass. The girl followed swiftly behind to inspect her prize.

"Aw," she cooed. "It's so pretty. It's even gaping open for me."

She ran her finger over Chris's butthole, prodding at his entrance. His warm-ups that morning had done their work.

"Goddamn you got a cute little butt," the girl said as she lubed herself up.

With only a bit more fawning and admiration, she plunged her needy cock into Chris's ass. He groaned, but not as loud as she did. She sounded so happy he almost thought she was cumming purely from her initial entry. However, no great spurts of semen filled up his bum, and she soon began pistoning her hips at a still-desperate pace.

"I, uh, don't think I caught your name," Chris said conversationally once he'd adjusted to the frantic thrusting.

The girl slowed a bit as she let out a short giggle. "Oops, my bad. Not very good manners, huh? I probably should have introduced myself before going balls deep in your sweet tushy."

"It happens," Chris said politely, though he was pretty sure it actually didn't.

"I'm Kelly," the girl said before ramping up her speed again.

"Chris."

"Yeah, I know. I heard all about you." Kelly keened wildly as she pounded him particularly fiercely for a moment. "You're even more adorable than I expected. And your ass... I mean, goddamn, dude."

Chris flushed at the compliments. He was beginning to really believe words like 'cute' and 'adorable' were good things when coming from futas.

Kelly kept fucking him like it was her last day on Earth. He began to ache slightly after a while, but it was manageable. He actually thought there was a fair chance he'd get through the day without crying, although that did depend on Kelly finishing up at some point. For having supposedly abstained for so long, she certainly wasn't shooting off particularly quickly.

Her orgasm, when it finally arrived, was absolutely massive. It seemed to go on forever, flooding Chris's butt with her hot cum. He half-expected it to rush back out in a river when she pulled her cock free afterward.

"Fuuuccck," Kelly sighed contentedly. "That hit the spot." She spanked Chris's butt affectionately. "Thanks, dude."

"You're welcome," Chris said. "But you know it's only once for right now, right?"

"Don't worry, I am aware. I jerked off, like, four times before we got here to make sure it'd last."

"Well that's, like, cheating, isn't it?"

Kelly giggled unselfconsciously. "Whatever I gotta do, man. Though I kinda wish I didn't have to do it in the car on the way here. Mom and Dad weren't happy about that."

Chris tried to formulate a response to the scenario Kelly had just presented, and failed miserably. "I see," was all he could think to say.

"Anyway, speaking of, better go find the 'rents. Get my stuff all stored away in my room. See ya around, hot stuff."

Chris only just had time to get out of bed and hit the bathroom before another new girl arrived and took him right back to bed. He caught the names of the next few before or while they pounded his ass; Lily, Talia, and Alanna, but the trickle of arrivals became a river, and he stopped bothering to try and keep up.

Girlcock after girlcock went up his ass, and occasionally down his throat depending on how backed up the line was. A couple of them claimed they wanted his mouth first anyway, so that kind of worked out.

Chris's bum was a sloppy, gaping mess by the time the new group had gone through. He was sore and exhausted, but at no point had he felt like he couldn't take it.

He didn't even look up as another pair padded into the room. He assumed they must just be stragglers, since he'd lost count a while back. The two quiet futas paused for a moment at the side of his bed, then there was a muffled curse before they each chose and end.

Chris had a sneaking suspicion a that point, and lifted his head. It was, indeed, Beth positioning herself at his mouth, and Layla behind.

"Did you seriously lose at rock, paper, scissors again?" Chris mumbled.

Beth rolled her eyes. "Every time. I swear."

"Then why do you keep using that method?"

"'Cause Layla gets cranky otherwise."

"Do not," Layla protested as she worked her cock into Chris's well used and lubricated butthole.

Chris groaned in a mixture of pleasure and ache as Layla buried her shaft in his bottom. "I guess this means you guys all get to use me again."

"Yep yep," Beth said as she fed him her cock in turn. "We all decided it was probably wise to let Layla have the first go since she's still annoyed at not getting a good fuck in this morning. I was a bit biased 'cause it got me a turn quicker too."

"Whatever," said Layla. Though, indeed, she was picking up speed and going at Chris pretty hard and needily.

The sisters gave Chris a good double-fucking, and eventually blew their loads inside him. Beth, as usual, let Layla cum first, then swapped holes with her before cumming too.

Chris was made to clean both their cocks with his mouth once they were finished. There was a particularly egregious mess thanks to the sheer quantity of futa-cum that had been unleashed in his ass, which had subsequently covered any further penises that were inserted.

After the satisfied twins took their leave, Chris rather stiffly made his way to the bathroom. He noted as he limped along the hallway that the house had more ambient noise to it now that it was nearer to its intended capacity. He paused at the balcony overlooking the ground floor and took in the sight of a whole array of half-naked futas hanging out and milling around. It was quite something.

The bathroom was nearly empty when he arrived. Only Tiffany, the quietest of the elders, was using it at the time. It was still a bit disorienting to Chris to walk into the bathroom and find it occupied by one or more girls. He'd eventually get used to that, as he would many other things, he was sure.

"Everyone must've had their turn, huh?" Tiffany said as she glanced over at Chris.

"Pretty well," he said. "Sasha'll be looking for me soon. And Nat too, probably." He winced slightly as he felt his well-used bottom. "I was gonna take a break while I can. I need to pee. And maybe try and get some of this cum out of my butt. There's, like, a lot in there."

Tiffany nodded as she finished up and washed her hands. Curiously, she approached Chris despite his stated intent to simply use the bathroom for its intended purpose.

"A lot, you say?" she said.

"Well, yeah. I lost track, but over a dozen loads, I'd guess."

"And most of 'em from backed-up balls," Tiffany mused.

Chris didn't know what was happening, but he didn't resist when he was led into one of the shower stalls. A shower honestly wouldn't hurt after the fuck-session he'd been through.

The warm water cascading down his body felt nice. It soothed his aching muscles, though a hot bath might have been better. He didn't even mind getting pushed against one of the walls, and braced himself for what he assumed was going to be yet another use of his tired butt. At least didn't think it was going to be a hard pounding, since Tiffany had always been gentle before.

Tiffany knelt behind him and traced a soft finger around his butthole. "You're still so opened up," she said with a tinge of awe in her voice.

"Yeah, I know. I'm hoping that's not permanent."

"It won't be. It'll tighten back up if it gets a proper chance. Boys are stretchy." Tiffany ran her finger along his upper thigh. "Cum's been leaking out already," she observed.

"Uh huh."

Chris didn't think much of what she was saying until he felt her tongue on his inner thigh, then gliding upward toward his ass. She lapped at his butt crack, then his sore and gaping little hole.

"Are you licking cum out of my ass?" Chris asked.

"Maybe."

She definitely was. Her nimble tongue flicked again and again at Chris's butthole, and eventually worked its way inside him. She drilled as deep as she could and sucked up any cum she could find.

It was quite weird and not what Chris had been expecting, but it wasn't at all a bad feeling. Her tongue was soft and pleasant on his abused asshole, and she was helping him get cleaned up, in a way.

Tiffany licked and sucked Chris's butthole a while longer, to the point where he was pretty sure she'd found every bit of reachable cum there was. Granted, some of it was pretty deep in there and might still be trickling out.

Chris braced himself as Tiffany rose and pressed her steely cock to his butthole that had just begun to think it was safe. She pushed inside him and gently rocked her hips in long, slow strokes.

He was pretty horny himself. He'd cum a few times during the day-long anal gangbang, but not for a while now, and Tiffany's luxuriously soft reaming was hitting quite a few of the right places.

Chris came against the shower wall, and Tiffany anally milked every last bit out of him. He got a bit wobbly at that point, but she supported him and held him place while she continued to use his butt for her pleasure. She was surprisingly steady despite having to partly hold him upright.

Tiffany tenderly fucked Chris a while longer, then held herself fully inside him as her hot cum spurted into his ass. He luxuriated in the feel of being so nicely filled, and of having her soft breasts squishing against his back.

A sudden flood of warmth inside him startled him slightly, and for a second he was amazed that Tiffany was still cumming, let alone to such excess. He soon realized it wasn't cum at all.

"Are you peeing in my butt?" Chris asked.

Tiffany let out a happy sigh. "Maybe."

"Oh my god, you are!"

It was a strange and somewhat worrying sensation. Chris's insides were getting filled in an entirely new way, a way they certainly weren't designed for. Although, to be fair, his butt probably wasn't supposed to always be taking cock and futa-cum up it either.

"That's so weird," Chris groaned as he slipped a hand over his tummy. He imagined he could feel himself bulging from the unexpected influx of liquid. He was pretty sure it was all in his head, though.

Tiffany purred contentedly against his back. "It's really nice, actually." She nuzzled and nipped at his neck and ear. "You can do it to me, if you want."

Chris shook his head in despair. "I wouldn't have expected you to be this freaky. Of all the girls here, you almost seemed the most normal."

Tiffany laughed. "You're probably clinging to an incorrect idea of what normal is. Especially here."

"I mean... yeah, ok. I guess." Chris wiggled a bit. "Can you please let your pee back out now?"

"In a minute. I just wanna stay here a bit longer."

Tiffany eventually pulled out, once she was mostly soft anyway. A torrent of piss and cum splashed out of Chris's open butthole. It was quite a relief getting emptied out again.

He still had to pee, and by this point wasn't at all surprised when Tiffany knelt down and guided him to piss all over her. She aimed his cock for him, splashing urine all over her tits, then into her open mouth, onto her cock, then finishing up on her chest once more.

Once Chris finally managed to escape the shower and pad naked over to the towel rack, dripping all the way, he found Sasha waiting semi-patiently for him. She was perched on the counter, idly stroking herself.

"About time," Sasha said. "I didn't think you were ever gonna finish up in there."

"Yes, well... you know I don't much say in these things," Chris said.

"That's true."

Sasha helped him towel off, though in the process her cock bumped and rubbed against him far more than necessary. She was fully grinding on his ass by the time he was reasonably dry.

Sasha picked Chris up and lowered him onto her throbbing erection. His butthole didn't put up much resistance at all. He was then carried back to his room, which had been cleaned and had the bedding changed in the time he'd been gone.

"The maid service here is pretty good," Chris mumbled as he was laid back and fucked up the ass by a horny Sasha, who had remained remarkably restrained thus far.

Sasha laughed. "Don't say that too loud. Someone's liable to dress you in a maid outfit."

"I believe it. Some of you have weird fetishes. Weirder even than all wanting to butt-fuck the same boy on a daily basis."

"You mean Tiffany, yeah?"

"In this case, yes."

"Yeah, probably should have warned you about her. I mean, she's not nearly as rough as some of us. But, like, yeah. She likes some weird stuff."

"I wouldn't have thought it of her."

"No, you wouldn't." Sasha shrugged. "But then, everyone's got fantasies you wouldn't guess. And futas... well, we have more libido than most to vie with. We can't always help ourselves."

"Yeah," said Chris as he glanced down at the cock pummeling his ass. "I've learned that much, at least."

****

Chris awoke the next morning to a cock sheathed snugly up his ass. He craned his neck around to find Natalie spooning up behind him, still asnooze. He honestly didn't remember falling asleep with her inside him. Maybe that part had happened after he was already unconscious.

He curled up cozily and lazed in Natalie's embrace. It was a lovely respite from the egregious and sometimes painful ass-poundings he'd taken all yesterday, and would probably take again in the hours to come. It would be so nice if he could just lie there all morning, impaled on a firm and unmoving cock, snuggled with a warm, feminine body.

It was not to be.

Sasha, ever insatiable, was the first to creep in and stick her dick in his face. She didn't wantonly throat-fuck him, probably so as not to wake Natalie, but she did use his mouth as a sex toy and eventual cum-depository.

Tiffany took a turn after Sasha and took her time about making a deposit as well.

Either Beth or Layla-Chris still couldn't tell them apart from far away, especially if they didn't speak-peeked in a couple times, but didn't seem interested in him when he was already half-occupied.

The less senior girls didn't intrude at all. Either they'd been warned off, or the pecking order was sufficiently established that they knew better.

Natalie finally roused, though Chris would have been just as happy getting another hour or two of relative peace. She murmured sleepily and tightened her arm around his chest, even twirling a finger over his nipple. Her hips began moving in a slow, lazy kind of way at first as she was still waking up.

"Mmph. Shit. Guess I slept in a bit," Natalie mumbled.

"A little," Chris agreed. "It's been nice, though. Very restful. None of the other girls seemed inclined to risk waking you up."

Natalie snickered softly. "Restful, you say? With my dick up your butt? Goddamn you adjusted fast, huh?"

Chris flushed. "I just meant in comparison to getting gang-banged all day."

"Uh huh. Sure. Whatever you say."

Natalie kissed his cheek, then rolled him onto his tummy and lengthened her strokes. It was still a rather smooth and gentle fuck, though it was getting rougher all the time as she gained alertness and horniness. She gradually transitioned into giving Chris a hard pounding that made the bed frame squeak in protest.

As though summoned by the sheer sexual force Natalie was exerting, Beth and Layla turned up to watch and eagerly await their turns. They knelt on the bed next to Chris, sometimes playing with themselves, sometimes just watching and waiting. Chris could have sworn that at one point he caught them jerking each other's cock instead of their own, but he wasn't able to get a good look with Natalie pounding him into the mattress.

The twins took over as soon as Natalie was done with him. Beth got to go first on his ass this time, by some unspoken understanding between them. Layla throat-fucked him all the harder to make up for not getting his butt. They came at almost the same time into his throat and ass, after which Beth briefly stuck her cock in his mouth for a quick cleaning.

Once Beth and Layla had vacated the room, a steady trickle of the newer girls kept Chris well occupied. There was no discernable order to their arrivals, but there was no audible fighting between them, so again it must have had something to do with rules, or an established order of dominance.

Chris tried to learn some more of their names as the opportunities presented themselves, but it was tough making conversation when he was so often drooling and gagging on futa-cock.

He got a bit of a break when he was let out of his room to come down and have breakfast, which was long overdue for his grumbling tummy. He ended up having to eat bent over at the table while Talia reamed his ass.

After her, a girl called Rachel let him sit down; on her lap, of course. He rocked back and forth on her cock to keep her happy, and in return she reached around and rubbed and toyed with his penis too.

Chris came all over himself when Rachel got a bit too enthusiastic jerking him off. That caused a few titters amongst the girls at the table, whereupon Natalie detailed one of the gigglers to crawl under the table and lick Chris clean.

After breakfast came another long parade of girls using Chris to get off, some of them getting a second go in while they could.

He got another break, a longer one this time, when he was laid out on one of the couches so Tiffany could lick his butthole, delving for the excess of mixed cum within. It wasn't as good a position as standing up, since gravity wasn't helping her out, but the gentle tonguing was soothing to his poor, gaping, abused bumhole, so he was quite happy to go along with it.

Some of the girls clustered around to examine and finger Chris's butthole once Tiffany was done eating it out. Apparently it was quite fascinating. He mostly just thought of it as being sore.

Still, at least no one else tried pounding him for a while, so that was nice.

****

Chris must have fallen asleep at some point, because an indeterminate time later he was shaken awake again. He was still sprawled across the couch he'd been lying on earlier.

There were several girls in his line of sight, and enough chatter going on around him to suggest that there were even more he couldn't see from where he was. There was also a line of four girls nearby that he didn't think he recognized.

"Hey, sleeping beauty," Natalie said. She tousled his hair. "We got our shipment of newbies in, and you weren't even awake to greet them."

"Oh," said Chris. "Sorry."

"That's ok. We've been pretty rough on you this morning. You earned a little rest." Natalie straightened. "Still, time to earn your keep." She clapped her hands in a 'chop chop' kind of way.

Chris groaned an sat upright. Natalie took his hand and led him over to another couch that had been pulled out into a bed. That was a bit strange, since he'd expected to be taken back to his room for more sexy times.

Without having to be prompted, Chris assumed the face down, ass up pose that the girls tended to like. He wasn't used to quite so many of them being present when he exposed himself like that, but he didn't really mind. They'd all seen everything anyway. Excepting the new girls, of course.

The four somewhat nervous newbies were gestured forward. At least one of them seemed eager enough to overcome her nerves, and she stepped closer than the rest, dancing from one foot to the other in anticipation.

"This is Melissa, Ashley, Jan, and Steph," Natalie said by way of introductions. "Girls, this is Chris, our one and only boytoy this year. He's been doing very well for us," she added, patting his butt. "And it's time you four got acquainted with him too."

Ah, so that's what all this was. The new girls were going to be made to fuck him in front of everyone. A welcoming ritual, of sorts. It kind of made sense, given that literally everyone else seemed to have no problem being partly or fully naked around the house. Anyone new needed to be inducted into that lifestyle somehow or other.

"Melissa, would you like to be first?" Natalie asked the most daring of the four.

Melissa nodded and stepped right to the edge of the bed. She bit her lip. "Um... what do I do?"

"Well," Natalie said gently, "traditionally, you start by taking your clothes off."

Melissa hesitated, looking around at all the spectators, then steeled herself and pulled off her top. Once she got going, it didn't take her long to get naked. Judging by the state of her cock, its hardness and the sheer quantity of leaking precum, Chris assumed her horniness was doing quite a bit of work in beating out any shyness or reserve.

"Now, then," said Natalie, "have you had a boytoy to play with before?"

Melissa shook her head. "No. Is that bad?"

"Only for your education and well-being," Natalie said. "Not in any kind of moral or judgey kind of way. We get girls, and boys too, with all manner of different experience levels. Many with hardly any at all. The important thing is to make sure everyone is getting looked after sexually once they get here."

There was a chorus of agreement from the audience, and some nervous giggles from the four new girls.

Natalie smacked Melissa's butt. "Now get up there. Let's have a fun and educational moment, shall we?"

Melissa, excitement continuing to win out over nervousness, crawled up behind Chris's lewdly displayed backside. She tentatively touched his butt just with her fingertips, then jerked back again.

"What do I do?" she asked.

"Pound that ass!" came an exuberant shout from the back of the crowd.

"Yes, thank you, Sasha," Natalie said, ever calm. "Someone cut her off from the booze, please."

Sasha retorted with a rude noise.

"You can start with licking him," Natalie instructed. "He likes that. Don't you, Chris?"

Chris nodded. "Yeah. It's nice."

Melissa hesitated a moment longer, then abruptly dove in. She licked Chris's asshole in a long, exploratory swipe of her tongue. Another pause, then some more licking.

"That a girl," Natalie said approvingly. "Get right in there. It's only polite, considering how accommodating he is to all of us."

Perhaps as a testament to how horny she was, Melissa very enthusiastically ate out Chris's butt until Natalie finally had to remind her to stop and get to fucking him instead.

Natalie helped lube Melissa up and guide her to an initially gentle penetration. Shortly thereafter, Melissa lost control and instinctively pounded her hips against Chris's butt as hard and fast as she could manage.

There was some more cheering from the crowd, though after the initial novelty some were already slipping away and grabbing themselves drinks, or just moving to comfortable spots to masturbate.

Melissa didn't last long. She'd been about ready to burst from the get go, and she hadn't held anything back. A copious load of cum spurted inside Chris while she kept thrusting. She only pulled out well after she was done.

"That was amazing!" she said with a heavy overtone of awe and delight. "Are all boys' butts that good?"

"Pretty good," Natalie confirmed. "But not quite as good as our Chrissy," she added with an affectionate pat on Chris's bum.

"Can I go again?"

Natalie laughed. "Of course. Not right now, though. Two turns in a row wouldn't be fair."

"Oh. Right."

Steph was the next girl to get over her shyness in the face of having sex in front of a whole room full of spectators. She got her clothes off a bit slower than Melissa, but was just as hard and horny once she was naked.

"Is this your first time too?" Natalie asked her as she crawled into position.

Steph took a moment to answer. "Kinda."

"Kinda?"

"Well, I mean... I've only messed around with one boy. And he only let me do him in the butt on special occasions."

"Your boyfriend?" Natalie asked.

Steph hesitated again. "I shouldn't say, I think."

"Ah." Natalie leaned in close so Chris was the only one who could hear other than Steph. "You said boy, so not your dad, I assume. Your brother, maybe?"

Steph squeaked in embarrassment. "I... like..."

"It's fine," Natalie assured her. "Like I say, we don't judge. We all know how hard it is when you don't have anyone to help with your urges and needs. You gotta do what you gotta do."

Chris wasn't sure about that logic, but really, who was he to judge either? He wasn't exactly a paragon of virtue these days.

Steph gave him a brief licking first, much shorter and less intense than Melissa's, then entered him with noticeably more grace and comfort. She did indeed seem to have at least some small amount of experience. She wasn't nearly so frantic or awed by getting to fuck his butt, though she was still quite appreciative.

Jan got a turn after Steph, then finally Ashley, the apparent shyest and most gentlest of the four girls, though Chris was reserving final decision on her character for now. He'd learned his lesson with Tiffany.

The audience had dispersed further and become distracted by that point, which seemed to help Ashley take her turn. She was the slowest by far to get her clothes off, though she seemed just as horny as any of them.

Ashley was almost comically fascinated by Chris's butthole. Instead of displaying puppy-like levels of enthusiasm for licking him, or treating it as a token gesture of foreplay, she made very deliberate swipes with her tongue, occasionally pausing to consider, or even to finger him.

Unprompted, Ashley experimented with prodding her finger at his lubed-up ass, and even inserting it. Every glance over his shoulder showed her enraptured expression as she fingered him, licked him, and finally rubbed her cock against him.

She didn't spend long grinding on Chris's ass before pushing inside. She made a cute noise of rapturous pleasure as her cock slid deeper and deeper.

"Oh wow," Ashley breathed.

"Nice, isn't it?" Natalie said.

"It really is. He's, like, gripping me, but he's so soft and warm too."

"Mmhm."

Once Ashley was settled into her fucking rhythm, Natalie apparently decided she could relax from her duties a bit. She slipped in front of Chris and reclined with her cock right in his face. He nuzzled and kissed her shaft like a good little boytoy, and in return got his hair tousled like a favoured pet.

Natalie eventually guided Chris's mouth onto her cock properly, but she wasn't in any particular hurry. As long as he was paying attention to her, she didn't much seem to mind how deep he took her or how hard he sucked.

Ashley, as the other three girls had done before her, kept pounding Chris's butt until she came a nice, gooey load inside him.

"That was awesome," she said. "Thank you!"

She planted a quick little kiss on Chris's butt cheek, then was gently pushed aside so someone else could have a turn.

Chris had pretty much expected to have a train run on him, and he was proved quite correct. So many mostly-naked futas gathered together with him occupying an exposed and central 'place of honour' pretty much made it inevitable.

Natalie didn't leave her spot. Chris assumed she was establishing dominance of some kind of by hogging his mouth all to herself, sitting regally like she was on a throne rather than a pull-out bed.

The atmosphere in the room and those adjoining became more and more like a party, albeit quite a sexually charged one that would have risked becoming an orgy, except that basically everyone only wanted to fuck one person.

A possible exception, one that Chris could only kind of see in his peripherals or when he got a chance to glance over, was Jan sitting next to Talia off to the side, somewhat by themselves. He wasn't sure, but he thought they might be flirting a bit. These sorts of things were hard to gauge when literally everyone in the room had their cock out.

Chris's suspicions were partly confirmed when Talia began slowly running her fingertips up and down Jan's erection. Jan alternated biting her lip shyly and giggling nervously. She accepted a kiss from Talia when it was offered with enough enthusiasm to suggest she hadn't just been cornered on her first day with no idea what to do.

"Good for them," Natalie said quietly, making Chris aware that she'd seen the same thing he had.

"Why good?" Chris asked, taking the risk of neglecting Natalie's dick for a bit.

"The same reason it's nice when anyone hits it off with someone else," Natalie said.

"Oh. I guess that makes sense. I thought it might have been something more complicated."

"What, like, Talia's secretly been pining for a girlfriend, and might have a shot now?"

"Um... maybe? I don't know. Has she?"

"Couldn't really say. I know she's more open about hooking up internally, as it were, than a lot of us. I mean, we'll fuck around with each other when necessary, but I've always had the impression she'd be open to more than that." Natalie shrugged. "Nothing much serious ever tends to happen between the girls here, relationship-wise. It'd be kinda neat if Talia and Jan made it work."

"Isn't it ridiculously early to be thinking about that?"

"I'd say yes, except they're currently sneaking off upstairs together."

Chris looked. They were, indeed, almost out of sight up the stairwell. "Huh. Didn't waste any time, did they?"

Natalie gently guided his head back to its proper position lavishing attention on her cock. "I don't feel I should have to remind you of this, but we tend to be horny as fuck, basically all the time."

"Ggghhuu nnmmhh uunngh," Chris agreed.


****

Part Four: A Dedicated Scholar

****

Life couldn't be all lying around getting pounded by big-dicked futas. Only a few days ago, that would have been so self-evident as to be meaningless to Chris. All of a sudden, it made for a jarring transition as classes started up.

Natalie had to chase away a flock of girls waiting for turns to get an early fuck in so he could be prepped. He'd been fucked and cummed in repeatedly already, and the worst of the mess had to be quickly showered off before he could be dressed. At least he'd already managed to get some breakfast, even if some cheeky girl had shot her cum all over his food first.

"Alright, now remember," Natalie said as she guided him toward the door, "we've arranged your classes in nice time blocks, and Ashley's going to be with you in your first class today. Then Jan will-"

"Remind me why I need escorts again?" Chris interrupted. "Because I don't think anyone else is going to have someone tagging along to take notes for them."

"No one else has nearly the full-time job you do," Natalie answered patiently. "And you needn't think we're taking any chances on you not passing something."

"Right, but isn't the point for me to learn things?"

Natalie patted his head. "Sure it is. And if that's what ends up happening, great. If not, we've got backup plans. Now off you go."

Ashley was waiting for him. She along with the other three girls starting university this year along with him had all been detailed to shadow him to the lectures they shared, as well as any labs, tests, or projects. Chris honestly had no idea how they were planning on doing all his work for him with no one being the wiser, but since it was apparently something that happened every year, he imagined they had their ways.

Chris was initially quiet and lost in thought as he and Ashley walked along. There wasn't much other foot traffic at first, not until they got onto the more traveled paths. Ashley kept glancing at him, but it took her a while to say anything.

"Thank you for yesterday," she finally blurted.

"You know I didn't have much to do with it, don't you?"

"I mean, I guess. But, like, you let us all have a turn, and you're so patient and everything. And your butt's so nice."

Chris couldn't help smiling at the earnest gushing, however misguided it may have been. "You're welcome. It's apparently what I do now."

Ashley fiddled with her hair a little awkwardly. "Do you like it?"

"Getting butt-fucked?"

"Yeah. And the other stuff. All of it."

Chris considered the question. "Overall, yes. I think ideally I wouldn't be trying to take quite so many cocks every day, and some of the girls could be a bit gentler, but I'm becoming strangely ok with basically all of it."

"Just ok?"

"Well... some of it I like. Really, really like."

Ashley walked closer, her interest overriding her shyness and desire to keep a step or two away. "What parts? Like, when you're taking it in the butt, only not too rough? Is that nice?"

Chris cocked his head, and Ashley abruptly stepped away again, putting more space between them.

"Sorry," she said. "That's probably not a good question to ask."

"I think it's fine," he said lightly. "Considering you've fucked my butt, asking about me liking it almost certainly isn't rude at this point."

Ashley was quiet a moment longer, then, "So do you like it?"

"Honestly... I think I prefer it when it's really gentle. Actually, when they're not even moving. When I'm just filled up, and I can feel the cock inside me, warm and firm and pulsing, and there are arms around me, breasts pressed against me, warm breath on my neck..." Chris trailed off.

Ashley had become noticeably flushed. "That does sound nice."

"You think so?"

She nodded, but withdrew slightly into herself. "Yeah. But, like, I've never had a chance to try it. I don't actually know if I'd like it or not."

"Having your ass fucked?" Chris laughed softly. "Well you came to the right place for finding out about that."

"Easy for you to say. You get all the cock."

"I assure you, I will gladly share some."

"You might. I don't think they will. The way everyone looked at you yesterday... I think I'd just feel embarrassed asking anyone to help me out."

Chris wanted to argue with her about it, but stopped himself. He still didn't really understand the dynamic of the girls fucking around with each other. It pretty clearly happened, but he hadn't seen enough to understand the logic to it. They clearly didn't just fall into bed together all the time. Not nearly the way they did with him.

"If you really want to try it," he said instead, "I'm always here."

He didn't expect the offer to be taken up, at least not right away. Ashley, however, immediately whipped her head toward him, having gone slightly doe-eyed.

"You mean it?"

"Well... yeah. Why would I not?"

"I don't know. I wasn't sure if you liked that sort of thing."

Chris was taken aback. "You weren't sure if I liked putting my penis in girls?"

Ashley flushed. "Ok, so maybe it was a bit silly of me. It's just... you seemed so happy with girls doing you all evening, and I never saw you fucking them or anything. Just, you know, kneeling there, taking it."

"That's more to do with them than me, I can assure you."

They walked along in silence for a while. There really was just an unnecessary distance between Futa House and his classes, Chris felt. The privacy was nice and all, but surely there had been a better compromise.

Ashley uncurled herself as the minutes passed, slowly letting go of her self-conscious desire to hide.

"I've never felt comfortable with boys," she said. "Or anyone, really. Not in, like, a sexual way. I've never had anyone to try things out with."

"Yeah. I know that feeling," Chris said. "Or at least I used to. It all seems so far away now."

She reached over and squeezed his hand before withdrawing again. "I know it was a weird way to meet, but I'm glad we did."

Chris smiled lopsidedly. "Me too."

****

Classes themselves were essentially just the same as high school, only in bigger rooms with more students. Chris took notes and tried to pay attention, despite knowing that Ashley's notes could be copied for him at any point, and she'd be happy to go over anything with him later that he hadn't caught.

Such were the rules, apparently. He was valuable to a whole group in a way that he'd never been before, and it was a weird feeling. He wasn't sure whether to be glad or annoyed that they had no intention of letting him fail a course.

There were more lectures to attend as the day progressed and, subsequently, the week. Ashley traded off with Melissa, Jan, and Steph according to which of them shared the relevant class with him.

Melissa was the first to recognize the potential of her position. The others treated the time as a responsibility, and maybe a chance to hang out with their shared boytoy one on one. Melissa realized that she and Chris had time to themselves, time when none of the other girls were competing for his attention or, more to the point, his body.

Chris was bemused when she dragged him into a girls' bathroom after class, but didn't immediately clue in as to why. She checked all the stalls and seemed delighted that the room was empty.

"So, uh, what's up?" Chris asked, still oblivious.

Melissa grinned wickedly. "It occurs to me we have, like, almost half an hour before I need to hand you off," she said.

"Yeah, I know," Chris said. "What's that have to do with a bathroom? I'm not really supposed to be in here, you know."

"Oh I know."

The look on Melissa's face as she approached him and pushed him back against the wall finally gave away her cunning plan. Chris nodded and accepted his fate gracefully as she pressed her lips to his.

"Ah," he said. "I see."

"I thought you might."

Making out and groping in a public bathroom. Yet another new experience for Chris. As per usual these days, he wasn't quite sure he liked it, but it wasn't unpleasant either. Mainly he was worried about someone walking in on them.

He was even more worried about getting caught when Melissa pulled out her cock, and shortly thereafter pulled his pants partway down.

"I don't know if this is a great spot for this," Chris said. "Maybe we should wait?"

"What, wait to get back to the house? Where I don't have you to myself basically ever? Don't think so."

"But maybe... you know..."

Chris's arguments faltered as Melissa dropped to her knees and shoved her face in his ass. He did enjoy receiving analingus, he couldn't deny that even in his own head. It was even better when she reached around to caress his cock and fondle his balls.

"Fine," he said. "Just try to be quick, please."

"Do my best," Melissa assured him cheerfully.

She did, indeed, do her best. It was a bit less lubricated an entry than Chris would have liked. Melissa promised to remember actual lube next time so as not to have to rely on her own salvia copiously slathered over his butthole.

Once he loosened up it wasn't too bad. Melissa struck a decent balance between going slow and gentle, and moving fast enough to cum in a reasonable time frame. Still, it wasn't fast enough.

Chris winced as the door opened and a pair of obliviously chatting girls wandered in. They stopped short as they witnessed the casual ass-fucking he was receiving. Melissa didn't.

"Do you mind?" Melissa asked without breaking stride.

"Oh my god," one of the girls said with wide eyes. "She's... she's..."

The other girl nodded dumbly. "Guess the rumours about this campus are true."

"Oh they're true alright," Melissa said, just a hint of annoyance in her voice at the intruders who hadn't yet vacated. "If you'd like to be next, you're welcome to keep standing there and staring."

One of the girls seemed to actually be considering, oddly enough. Her eyes didn't leave the area around Chris's ass, which was constantly being pummeled by Melissa's thrusting cock. The other girl had to tug at her friend's arm repeatedly until she finally started moving again.

"Thought they'd never leave," Melissa grumbled. "They were throwing me off with their gawking."

"Didn't seem like they were throwing you off," Chris said, still flushed red from being caught getting his ass pounded. "Didn't seem to bother you at all, really."

"Well... I guess it didn't much. I mean, compared to how many people watched me fuck you that first time, this wasn't hardly anything. Still, it's rude to stare like that."

"And taking over a bathroom for an illicit fuck isn't?"

Melissa smacked his bottom. "No sassing me while I'm pounding you."

"Uh huh. Sure."

****

Time at the house became even more chaotic and demanding once Chris's classes got into full swing. Too many horny futas, too few tasty boy holes to go around.

Other than Jan and Talia, there were a couple other hookups happening, which at least briefly helped relieve some pressure. Some of the girls brought someone home, or had sleepovers elsewhere, but mostly the played amongst themselves, and it was usually only when Chris was too busy to satisfy everyone.

Natalie, Sasha, Tiffany, and the twins maintained priority status, so they generally got enough action to suit them.

Beth and Layla tended to just wander in and have their way with him, so nothing much changed there. Tiffany indulged her peculiar fetishes as she felt like it, and other times simply dumped some cum in Chris.

Natalie and Sasha, however, took the on the responsibilities involved in keeping Chris sane. They made sure he had some time for studies and assignments and things, as well as making him cum from time to time just to make sure he didn't get too pent up.

Honestly, Chris felt like he ejaculated enough simply from getting ass-fucked, even though it was sporadic and he hadn't quite figured out what triggered it in him. He was not, however, going to mention that. Not when it might mean the end of butt-fucking Sasha, or getting casual handjobs from Natalie under the desk while she privately tutored him in his room.

Sasha tried helping with teaching him as well, but her efforts tended to fall apart. She often got too excited and ended up fucking Chris instead of helping.

One evening she did kind of manage to do both. Chris was lying on his stomach in bed, laptop in front of him. Sasha had given him a quick fucking and an anal cum load, just to take the edge off. Afterward, she was able to lie on top of him, cock still snugly buried inside him, looking over his shoulder and giving and advice and tips. It was rather pleasant for both of them.

"You know, I've never really appreciated how nice it is just being inside someone like this," Sasha said. "Even without any actual fucking."

"Try being on the other side of it several dozen times a day," Chris said. "You'd figure it out a lot quicker."

"Yeah, yeah. I know. You like to pretend like you don't enjoy yourself."

"Well-"

"But we all know you love it," Sasha declared without letting Chris defend his honour. She kissed his shoulder for emphasis.

"I like some parts of it," Chris admitted. "Maybe even love, but I don't know if I'd go that far."

"Pff, whatever." Sasha pointed at his laptop's screen. "Back to work. You need to finish up here so I can fuck you again."

"Can't imagine why I'm distracted," Chris grumbled sardonically. He stabbed at the keyboard a little awkwardly from his position and got a few more things written in.

Sasha amused herself by moving her upper body around, lifting and lowering it, and generally just rubbing her boobies all over Chris's back and shoulders. He could make out the stiffness of her nipples at times, causing yet another distraction for him.

Chris eventually got even squirmier than Sasha. Between her teasing and having her amazing naked body on top of him, not to mention her cock filling him up, he was pretty goddamn horny. Grinding his erection into his mattress helped keep his arousal at bay somewhat, but it didn't do anything to make it go away.

He finally had to give up and push his laptop away. "Ok, I need a break."

"A fuck break?" Sasha asked hopefully.

"Yes, actually."

"Ooh. You want a turn in my butt?"

"If you wouldn't mind."

"No problem."

Sasha pulled out slowly, making a very satisfying sucking sound as her cock withdrew from its home. Chris felt sadly empty once she was out.

Once Sasha got into a comfortable position, Chris spent a while just licking and nuzzling her delicious bum while she cooed and luxuriated in the intimate attention.

"Damn that's nice," Sasha purred. "One of these days, I might have to find a full-time boytoy just to eat me out before bed every night. Sooo relaxing."

Chris was so worked up by the time he started actually fucking Sasha that he came inside her pretty quickly. He got a few minutes of pounding her sweet tushy, but then it was all over.

"Mmm, butt-cum," Sasha said. "You musta been right on the edge, huh?"

"Well you were on top of me for a long time," Chris said just a tad defensively. "I told you I needed a break."

"So you did." Sasha wiggled beneath him. "And I'd say you got one. Back to work?"

"In a minute."

Chris stayed where he was, enjoying the reversal of getting to be the one softening inside her, then simply not pulling out. He eventually rehardened, still balls deep in her ass.

Sasha let Chris stay atop her, and simply pulled his computer back over and carried on doing his work for him.

"Hey! I'm s'posed to do that," Chris said.

"I know. But you'd have to get off me for that to work. You can't balance your laptop on my head, and I'm not even gonna let you try, just in case you were considering it."

"Fine."

Chris didn't want to move, which limited his options as far as fighting with Sasha about doing his homework for him. Besides, just once couldn't really hurt. Not when he got such a sweet trade-off for it.

He could have fallen asleep right where he was. Sasha made such a comfy bed. She was softer, warmer, and far more sensual than any actual bed could ever hope to be.

"You two look cozy," said Natalie from the doorway.

Chris looked over at her and smiled lazily. "I really am."

"Kinda neat having someone in my butt without it being sexual," Sasha added. "Like, actively sexual, I mean. I guess it's still kind of a sexual thing."

"I'd say so, yeah," Natalie said. She padded closer, slipping out of her panties and shirt as she neared. "Is it gonna bother you too much if I tag in?"

"Nah, it's fine," Sasha said. "There'll be other chances to experiment with stuff like this."

"Yeah there will," Chris agreed. He definitely wanted to do that sort of thing some more.

Sasha slipped away, naked and unselfconscious about it as ever. Natalie took over Sasha's original spot on top of Chris instead of beneath him. Her cock slid easily into his still nicely warmed-up butthole.

"Did you get all your work done?" Natalie asked as casually as if she hadn't just mounted him from behind.

"Uh... not quite. Sasha was trying to help, but she got a bit distracting. Then she took over and I have no idea what she wrote."

"Better check on that then, hadn't you?"

Chris nodded agreement and tried to focus on his laptop's screen. He could almost ignore Natalie and just enjoy the lovely sensation of fullness she provided as long as she wasn't moving, but as with Sasha, that only lasted so long.

Natalie was more restrained in some ways, but the more Chris got to know her, the better he understood that she wasn't any less of a horny sex-maniac than Sasha. She was just subtler and more in control of it, was all. She nuzzled his neck a bit, which was tolerable and somewhat possible to tune out, and nipped gently at his ears, which was less so.

Eventually she was rocking and grinding on his ass just as bad as Sasha would have been. At that point Chris had to once again push his computer away.

"Alright," he sighed. "I guess I'm as done as I'm going to be."

"Are you?" Natalie asked innocently. "Good." She paused a moment in the midst of pulling back for a longer thrust. "I could get one of the new girls in to finish up for you, if you want. That's what they're there for, you know."

"Yeah, I got that. Maybe let's revisit the issue when you're not about to fuck my ass, hm?"

"That's probably a good idea." Natalie giggled. "Because I really, really need to pound your cute little butt."

"Yes, I thought you might."

****

Chris found himself with an opportunity to chat with Jan before their next class together. Since she and Talia were basically the only ones in the house who seemed like they might have stumbled into a lasting relationship of sorts-which, given the standards of the house, only really meant that it was more than a one night stand-he couldn't help but be a bit curious.

"How's it going with you and Talia?" Chris asked.

Jan flushed slightly and glanced around. No one was near enough to overhear a quiet conversation. "Good, I think. Maybe. I don't really know much about these things. Especially with other girls like me." She shrugged. "It's really not how I thought it was going to happen."

"Oh?"

"I dunno. Maybe it's silly, but I always kind of assumed I'd meet a nice boy, and somehow... well, I really don't know how it would work, but I kind of thought it would. Some kind of fairy tale thing."

"That's fair," Chris said. "Lots of people have fantasies like that, I think, even though I'm pretty sure it rarely happens so poetically for much of anyone." He smiled at Jan. "But you seem happy. That's worth a lot, right?"

Jan smiled back, still somewhat red in the face, but it was fading. "I am. I'm actually really happy. Talia's so sweet, and she knows so much about... you know..." Another blush reinforced the remnants of the last one. "Sex and stuff," she finished in nearly a whisper. "And I like being with her even when we're not doing... that stuff."

"Sounds like you lucked out."

"I really think I did." Jan bit her lip. "I just wish we had a little more privacy."

"Yeah, tell me about it."

Jan giggled. "I guess complaining about lack of privacy to you isn't gonna get a lot of sympathy, huh?"

"Not so much, no."

She sighed. "I feel like everyone's watching. Everyone's interested, waiting to see what happens. It's too much pressure sometimes. Makes it hard to get out and eat and hang out with the others." A slow goofy smile erased the tense set of her jaw. "'Cept when Talia's there. I don't mind then."

"If it helps any, I think everyone's mostly just happy you two aren't fighting for time with me anymore. Neither of you have used me more than once or twice since you got here. The girls tend to be selfishly horny little things. I don't know if you've noticed."

Jan laughed aloud. "I have, yes. And you might be right. They probably do care more about a bit of extra time with you than whatever's going on behind mine or Talia's door."

"I imagine so," Chris agreed.

****

Things stayed pretty constant for Chris and his bedroom. Mornings, evenings, and weekends tended to be scheduled pretty full for him. There were even lineups sometimes as the girls were unable to wait patiently for a turn slamming his butt or choking him with a cock down his throat.

Perhaps Natalie had sensed that he needed actual breaks from time to time, or maybe it was simply part of the tradition of the house. In any case, Chris found himself with an evening off as the girls were all herded downstairs, some quite reluctantly.

Chris watched from the balcony above, just peeking around the corner so as not to be seen. The couches were rearranged to all face the big flatscreen tv mounted to one side. There was quite a bit of jostling and vying for position, which soon settled into the older girls having the better seats. He still didn't fully understand the pecking order, but the girls all seemed to innately grasp it.

Once everyone was basically settled, all half-naked if not fully nude, a movie was started. Chris was entirely unsurprised to see that it was a porno. He was, however, somewhat intrigued when Sasha announced it was the new one from Natalie's mom, to Natalie's mild embarrassment. A chorus of cheers and applause rolled through the room.

The movie itself, quite unsurprisingly, seemed to involve a voluptuous and well-hung futa-presumably Natalie's mom-seducing some boys and giving them good, hard fuckings in various positions.

Catcalls and lewd comments from the audience seemed encouraged, as were jerking off and, indeed, trying to seduce one another while the porno played on. Limited success was had in the latter department, but a few of the girls did start playing with each other instead of just themselves, and even a few blowjobs began to shape up.

Chris picked out Jan grinding around in Talia's lap off to the side, and one of the other girls had managed to convince Melissa to do much the same on her cock. Things were getting to be a horny mess, and Chris knew at least part of it was purely because he wasn't working that evening. He had a tremendous amount of power in the house, in an odd sort of way.

He eventually moved away from the balcony and down the hall to the bathroom. That was where he'd been headed initially, before getting distracted.

He was fully hard from peeping on the room full of sexually aroused futas below, and it didn't even occur to him anymore that walking naked and erect through the house might be embarrassing or wrong. Such considerations simply had no meaning for him at this point.

Chris pushed open the bathroom door, and was a bit surprised to hear one of the showers running. He assumed it had been accidentally left on and went to check on it after relieving himself. However, instead of an abandoned stall, he found Ashley in the process of washing her hair.

"Oh, sorry," said Chris as he averted his gaze. "I thought... I assumed everyone was downstairs."

"That's ok," said Ashley. "Not like we haven't seen each other naked before."

"Very true." Chris chuckled softly. "It just feels different, I guess. When you're showering and neither of us were intending to make it sexual. I dunno. I still react oddly to things sometimes. Or, rather, I react in a way that would be normal anywhere else."

Ashley shared his smile. "I know what you mean. Literally everyone here has seen me naked, and I don't mind too much, but I still prefer showering when I have the bathroom to myself. Which doesn't happen often, mind you."

Chris nodded. "Hence you skipping movie night?"

"Kinda, yeah. That and it's just too crowded down there. It's kinda sexy, but also just a bit too much for me."

"I can see that for sure. I know I wouldn't want to be down there right now."

"Ha, well of course you wouldn't. You'd be mobbed and gang-banged 'til you couldn't walk tomorrow."

"Very true."

Chris stood a little awkwardly, watching Ashley as she rinsed the last of the shampoo from her hair. He found it hard to turn away. She looked so beautiful and seductive from his angle, with water streaming down her bare breasts and bum, and even over her temptingly hard cock.

Ashley smiled shyly at the way he was staring. "Mind grabbing me a towel?"

Chris startled back into motion. "Oh, right. Sure."

Instead of just handing the towel over to her, Chris began drying her off. She didn't seem to mind, even when he gave an excessive amount of attention to her chest, and not always using the towel, even. The flip side was once he finished with her dick, she gently guided him back to rubbing it some more.

The towel was eventually abandoned in favour of simply standing close together, feeling each other up. A special emphasis was put on their cocks, which they ended up pressing together as they made out.

"Hey, you remember how you said I could ask you for... things?" Ashley said huskily.

"I do."

"Do you maybe... wanna come back to my room?"

Chris was ridiculously horny, and he felt there was a pretty good chance of sex that didn't involve him being a cum dump. There was no way he was saying no. "Absolutely."

Ashley beamed. "Awesome."

They padded naked back out of the bathroom, hushing each other and sneaking off to Ashley's room just in case someone was listening and decided they needed to interrupt.

They made it unscathed. Ashley closed the door behind them, then gestured to the inside of her room. Like most of the bedrooms, it was a double with a bed on either side and the room more or less divided in two, though with significant overlap.

"So this is it," Ashley said. "Nothing special, really. Not as nice as yours, I guess."

"I bet it doesn't have quite the same parade of visitors, though," Chris said dryly.

"Well, no." Ashley gestured to the other bed. "But Jan and Talia sometimes fuck around in here, and sometimes in Talia's room. So sometimes I get peace and quiet, sometimes I get noise and distraction. I mean, nothing like what you get, of course..."

Chris nodded. "You got roomed with Jan, huh? I guess that's a mixed bag, as you say."

"Basically, yeah."

Chris and Ashley both stood uncertainly for a moment. She finally took a few hesitant steps and picked up a bottle of lube, then held it out to Chris.

"I, uh... I mean, I haven't really done this before," she said. "Not in my butt. Not with anyone else, I mean." She flushed. "Just playing with myself."

Chris took the lube. "You don't need to be nervous about it. It's just me."

"I know, I know." Ashley shrugged helplessly. "But I am nervous. I mean, I might end up not really liking it, then I'll feel silly about all this. Or everyone might think I'm a weirdo 'cause I asked you to do this instead of just pounding you while I had you to myself. Or-"

"I think I can fairly confidently say you're overthinking this," Chris said.

"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I am too."

After a short hesitation, Chris pulled Ashley close and kissed her. Every single part of her felt good against him. She was so soft and deliciously feminine, except of course for her jutting erection that out-massed his own. Still, even that felt right on her, somehow.

Chris wasn't used to being the more dominant partner. Even when he'd had his cock inside someone, it had usually been with the mutual understanding that they were mostly letting him blow a load to keep him pacified. This was very different on an emotional level.

He was reasonably confident despite all that. He'd been seduced and bedded and fucked enough times that he could basically step into the other role just by mimicking what he'd learned.

The first thing, as Chris saw it, was to get Ashley relaxed and relieve some of the tension in her body. Tightened muscles and apprehension didn't make for good anal fun times.

Chris got her lying on her tummy, legs spread wide enough for him to crawl between them. She kept looking over her shoulder and biting her lip as he made his approach.

He tried to put her at ease right away by planting some kisses on her bottom, then gently massaging and parting her butt cheeks. Her pretty little butthole winked up at him, and he gave it a few kisses as well.

Ashley squirmed. "I don't taste weird, do I?"

"Of course not," Chris said. He gave her ass a long lick. "You taste fresh and clean, and kinda nice too."

"Really?"

Chris proved his assertion by licking her more, getting deeper and more thorough until his face was firmly planted between her ass cheeks and he was slurping away like her butthole was the tastiest thing ever.

Ashley giggled softly at first as her ass was orally assaulted, then switched to some quiet moaning as Chris got into his rhythm.

There was no pressure, no sense of urgency or haste the way there so often was with Chris's sexual encounters. He was able to lick, kiss, and finger Ashley's tight little bottom for as long as he wanted without any feeling that he was taking too long or holding up the line or anything like that. He could take his time and really enjoy himself.

Ashley seemed to be liking it too. She got increasingly squirmy the longer she was licked and touched, eventually to the point that she was grinding on her bed in sheer wanton horniness. She clutched her sheets and moaned incoherently at sporadic intervals.

As much as she enjoyed the analingus, Ashley clearly liked getting her ass fucked even more. She cooed happily at the initial penetration, ramping up as Chris sank into her and bottomed out.

"That feels so good," she said breathily. "So much better than my fingers."

Chris grinned. "You want me just to stay there?"

Ashley nodded. "For now. I like just feeling your cock all up inside me. It's nice."

"Yeah, I know exactly what you mean."

Chris was horny enough that it took some patience and discipline to keep still in Ashley's ass. He knew how nice it was not to get immediately pounded upon penetration, but from the other side it was a different experience. Given futas' tendencies to get even hornier than boys, it was no wonder they got so rough with him.

Once they started actually fucking, it was a different story. Ashley stuck her butt up in the air to give Chris a good angle, and even though he tried to stay slow and steady, she didn't put up with that for very long.

"Harder," she moaned.

Chris obliged, but still held back. Ashley pushed her hips back to meet his thrusts and demanded more. She reached down to her cock and stroked it as he acquiesced and pounded her all the harder.

For her first time, Ashley could have passed for being far more experienced. She took everything he gave her and only got wilder the rougher he got. The extensive warmup and her futa horniness certainly helped, but it was still crazy just how intense an ass-fuck she wanted and could easily handle.

Chris ploughed her a while longer, to the point they were both sweaty and breathing raggedly, until his orgasm overtook him. He unleashed his overload of cum inside Ashley and continued to thrust slower and slower until he was spent.

Ashley rolled onto her back, a small pout on her lips. She kept jerking off, but slower than when she'd been taking her anal pounding.

"I need more," she said as a simple statement of fact.

Chris smiled wryly. "That should be the house motto."

Ashley didn't acknowledge his attempted joke. "I need more," she insisted. "It was so good. I was getting close."

"Are you sure? I mean, it was your first time and all. You don't want to be like me and get yourself fucked raw right away."

"Yeah, but you're not as big as the dicks you're used to taking, remember?"

"Ouch."

"That's a good thing! If you were too much bigger, I'm pretty sure I couldn't take you so easily." Ashley bit her lip. "And I really, really liked you going wild like that. Just hammering me. I felt like such a slut."

"In a good way?" Chris guessed.

Ashley nodded. "Yeah. Definitely good. You make me feel way more experienced than I am. Like I'm good at sex, if that doesn't sound too silly."

"No, I get you." Chris looked down at his softening cock. He was still conflicted about Ashley's 'compliment,' but she wanted him to fuck her ass some more, so it was hard to feel too badly. "I'll probably need a couple minutes if you want to go again."

"I guess you do, huh?" Ashley's lips twitched impishly. "Maybe I can help with that?"

Chris accepted her invitation, and the next few minutes were spent rolling around on the bed together, naked and sweaty, hands groping absolutely everywhere, lips and tongues grappling excitedly. His cock pulsed back to life, taking a cue from Ashley's larger and harder erection that it was pressed up against.

This time when Chris re-entered Ashley, she lay on her back with her butt propped up a bit with pillows. They took turns jerking her off while he pounded her newly deflowered butthole. She was a moaning, horny mess again in no time.

Ashley ended up shooting cum all over herself. Her first few spurts reached up to her chin, then progressively ejected with less force so she ended up with a trail of white goo leading right back down to her tummy.

Chris lasted a while longer since he'd already orgasmed quite recently. Since Ashley had been pacified somewhat as well, they ended on a slower, lazier rhythm. On a whim, he asked if he could cum on her tits, seeing as how they were already a bit messy and all. She had no problem with it.

"Well," said Chris afterward as they lay next to each other, "how was that?"

"Fishing for compliments, are we?" Ashley said. She kissed his cheek. "You know I loved it."

"Yes, I thought you might have."

They devolved into silly giggles for a moment.

"I can't help feeling like you enjoyed it too," Ashley said.

"I did a bit." Chris traced a swirling pattern in the cum on Ashley's boobies. "Or maybe a lot."

"Good. Maybe we could... you know... do it again sometime?"

"Hope so."

They lazed around, halfway cuddling for a while. They planned to grab a shower together to clean up, but the movie night was breaking up by that point, and it seemed easier to hide out in Ashley's room than face the horde of horny futas, any one of whom might decide that a naked boytoy wandering the halls and/or showers might be fun to play with, despite it being frowned upon on his night off.

In the end, Chris fell asleep next to Ashley in a messy snuggle of naked bodies.

****

The respite Chris got from his night off was made up for in force the next morning. The girls were particularly manic and unruly, jostling each other to get their turn and going all out on him when they did.

He didn't even get a chance for breakfast before heading off to class, other than several large loads of futa-cum. Since the girls had been hornier than usual-a feat unto itself-and they'd used both his ass and mouth as much as possible before he had to leave, the sheer quantity of cum actually held him over for a while before he needed to eat for real. The downside was that warm semen kept leaking out of his ass in a steady trickle as he walked.

Luckily, his first classroom escort of the day was on the ball. Melissa had some snacks packed for him when they stopped in the bathroom for their traditional sneaky fuck after class. He was sufficiently used to getting pounded from behind that he could eat without making too much of a mess.

Since Melissa kept dragging Chris into the same girls' bathroom every time, some of its patrons had become used to seeing the two of them. It wasn't a high-traffic bathroom, and most girls who wandered in got scared off by the sight of Chris getting viciously butt-fucked, but there were a few who had grown accustomed to the sight and had decided to use the facilities anyway.

A pair of girls walked in and exchanged greetings with Chris and Melissa before each entering separate stalls. Chris had never really had a chance to ask their names, or vice versa, even though he'd seen them often enough to recognize them.

After those two, another girl came in far more timidly. Again, Chris didn't know her name, but she was one of the very first pair who'd encountered the illicit bathroom ass-fucking. She showed up irregularly, always nervous, but a little braver every time.

"I'm gonna have to start making you buy a ticket," Melissa commented.

The girl giggled nervously. "Sorry. Just... you guys keep being here. I figured you can't mind that much."

"Oh I don't," Melissa said. "I was just kidding." She smacked Chris's butt. "Feel free to watch all you want. Chris doesn't mind. He's kind of a huge butt slut, as it happens."

Chris wasn't sure that was entirely fair. On the other hand, he wasn't sure that it was unfair either.

"I'm Melissa," Melissa said as she extended a hand.

"Shawna," the nervous girl replied, stepping closer to gingerly accept the handshake. She watched wide-eyed from her closer position as Melissa's cock repeatedly disappeared into Chris's ass. "That's so crazy. How does that even fit in there?"

"Wanna find out?" Melissa asked impishly.

Shawna hurriedly took a step back. "No! Um... I mean, no thanks."

"Good. I didn't really want to stop fucking Chrissy anyway. His bum's sooo nice, you don't even know."

Chris blushed at the compliment. He watched Shawna out of the corner of his eye, then more blatantly once she stuck a hand down her pants. She flushed in return, but kept playing with herself.

"It's too bad you don't have a cock," Melissa told Shawna, "or you could totally have a turn after me."

Shawna got even redder and bit her lip, but her hand moved faster in her jeans. Her mouth fell open in shock and delight shortly after as Chris's dick twitched and spewed cum over the floor, mostly as a result of being butt-fucked, and partly due to Shawna's voyeurism.

"Told you," Melissa said just a little smugly. "Total butt slut."

She thrust even harder for a moment, then came inside Chris. Her cum joined the sloppy mess already inside him, whatever hadn't trickled back out already.

There was a squelching sound as Melissa pulled out, then she beckoned Shawna closer. "Look at that. Pretty, isn't it?"

"Oh my god," Shawna gasped. "He's so... open. Doesn't that hurt?"

"Sometimes," Chris said, even though he hadn't really been directly asked. "Right now, no."

"He's well warmed up this morning," Melissa said. "Nice and relaxed so you can pretty much do whatever to him."

She dragged her fingers softly along the gaping hole she'd just dumped her cum into. She convinced Shawna to do the same, and Shawna squealed in nervous delight as her hand made contact with Chris's sloppy butt.

"That's too much for me," Shawna said, backing off abruptly. "That's... that's..."

"You know where to find us when you want more," Melissa said with a wink. "Or just to watch."

Shawna nodded, gave Chris one last glance, then left.

"I wish you wouldn't treat me like a public toy," Chris said as he stood up and stretched.

"Did you want me to tell her to piss off?"

"No. Just... you could have asked before inviting her to watch and touch me and stuff."

"I could have," Melissa agreed. "But she seemed nice. Too shy for her own good, though. I was trying to help her with that."

"Being nervous around a horny futa is wisdom, not shyness. Ditto for a boy willing to be a fucktoy in a public bathroom like this, I imagine."

"Pff, whatever. I'll work on her. You'll see."

"I'm afraid I will, too."

Chris's underwear was way too much of a mess to put back on. Melissa had thoughtfully brought him a spare pair, only her backup didn't thrill Chris.

"You want me to wear panties?"

"You don't have to," Melissa said. "But I think they'll fit, and they're gonna be way cleaner and comfier than your messed underwear."

She didn't appear to be joking, so Chris finally sighed and took the panties. "Fine. But I'm just gonna look silly."

Melissa watched him as he slid the panties up and into position. She then examined and adjusted with a critical eye. "You don't look silly. They actually frame your ass really nicely." She gave Chris's butt cheek a quick pinch. "I might need to get you something a little tighter in the front for a proper fit."

"Yeah, yeah. 'Cause my dick's smaller than yours. I get it."

Melissa gave him a soft kiss. "Don't be upset. You look totally cute and bangable. And dick size isn't always a good thing. You should see how much we all have to spend on underwear that fits us properly."

"Poor you."

****

Chris had his next class with Steph. She was in a bizarrely good mood all through the lecture. She kept smiling to herself until she realized she was doing it, then reined herself in.

Chris waited until after class to ask what was going on.

"Oh, I get to see my brother this weekend," Steph said, blushing slightly.

Chris was pretty sure he hadn't met her brother, not that he'd met any of the girls' families for the most part. He'd seen a few parents here and there when they'd dropped their daughter off, or came for a visit, but that was about it.

"Is he the one you, uh..." Chris said, trying to recall what he knew.

Steph blushed even harder. "Yeah." She grinned helplessly. "It's been so long since we've messed around. He'd never admit it, but I'm pretty sure he misses me always pestering him for sex." When Chris didn't say anything right away, she gave him a funny look. "That doesn't weird you out, does it?" she asked. "I'm not sure we ever talked about it."

Chris shrugged. "I don't know, really. I mean, it definitely doesn't weird me out. It'd take something pretty crazy to really faze me at this point. But, like, the way futas interact with their families is... different, you know?"

Steph nodded slowly. "Yeah, that's fair. Don't you have a futa mom though?"

"Um... apparently so, yeah. But I never knew until basically when I got dropped off here."

"Wow, really? Crazy. She must have hella restraint."

Chris flushed in turn at the idea that his mother might have lost control at some point and decided she needed to use her son as the sex toy he'd only recently become. "I try not to think about that too much. That actually does weird me out a little." He shrugged. "Mind you, all her friends that used to visit her, often with trips to her bedroom, that all has a brand new perspective for me now."

Steph giggled. "She used to take lots of people to her room and you never wondered about that?"

"I wondered, sure. But lots of them were other women, and it wasn't like they locked themselves in Mom's bedroom and didn't come out. They also spent a lot of time in... the... basement." Chris slowed down at a sudden realization. "Which Mom had furnished for no good reason that I ever saw. And would usually lock the door." He face-palmed. "Oh goddammit."

Steph put a hand on his shoulder. "It's ok. It probably really wasn't that obvious at the time, not until you knew. I mean, your mom taking a steady parade of people to her sex dungeon probably wasn't as obvious as it sounds."

"Wasn't a sex dungeon," Chris mumbled. He was feeling pretty slow about figuring out his mom's secret life. He trudged silently alongside Steph for a while until he realized they were going the right way. "Where are we going?"

"I'm s'pose to take you to see Miss Carlyle," Steph said. "I was gonna mention it, but we got talking, and then you just seemed sad."

"Miss Carlyle? My mom's friend? What does she want?"

"I dunno. She stays pretty involved with Futa House, though. She might just want to see how you're doing."

Chris sighed fatalistically. "She probably wants to bone me."

****

A short walk later, and after giving Chris a chance to compose himself, Steph knock at the door to Miss Carlyle's office.

"Ah, good. You're here," said Miss Carlyle from behind her desk. "Please, come in. Close the door."

Chris and Steph each took a seat. Chris was uncomfortably reminded of the girls underwear he had on as he sat. Not that it was physically uncomfortable; if anything it was even cozier than what he was used to. That in itself made it all the worse for his confused emotional state.

"So," Miss Carlyle said, "little Christopher MacKenzie. You've been fitting in well at Futa House, I trust? No problems?"

"Uh... no. No problems. Not really," Chris said, squirming ever so slightly. He was really hoping they were going to start discussing what exactly he did at the house.

"Good. I've been waiting to see you until you were settled in. I think it's been long enough."

"Has it?" Chris asked quietly.

Miss Carlyle ignored him. "You have an extra class to take. I think it's time to get started on it."

Chris blinked. "What? An extra class?"

That didn't make sense to him at all. He'd expected to be immediately bent over the desk, or propositioned, or something sexual, at any rate. The possibility of an increased workload had not been mentally prepared for.

Granted, he had quite a lot of help with his current classwork, and Miss Carlyle must have known that, but he wasn't sure he could handle much extra even so. Almost all of his free time was already spent getting his holes filled, pounded, and creamed.

"You'll be getting credit, of course," Miss Carlyle said. "And it'll be one on one, or perhaps two on one, as the case may be. It should be quite helpful for your academics." She stood and began fiddling with her outfit.

Chris rolled his eyes and stood as well. So it was sex after all. He didn't know Miss Carlyle nearly well enough to understand what her game was or why she was playing it, but bending over to satisfy a futa's perverse urges was something he had quite a lot of experience with by this point. That he could handle.

Miss Carlyle and Steph both cooed over his panties as he pulled his jeans down. He blushed at their reactions, but stood quiet and obedient as they fawned over him. Their reactions at least confirmed that Melissa hadn't just been messing with him, and that the panties did look good on him. At least, good from the perspective of horny futas, which wasn't necessarily a generalized opinion on fashion.

"What a little cutie," Miss Carlyle said as she fondled Chris's butt cheeks. "Molly was so generous leaving her boy here with us."

"Thanks? I think?" Chris said.

Miss Carlyle ignored him. She felt him up some more, then enlisted Steph to her help her strip him entirely.

Chris felt a little uncomfortable being naked and examined in unfamiliar territory. Every now and then he heard the sounds of someone passing by outside the office, though Miss Carlyle didn't seem the least bit nervous about being discovered severely molesting a student.

It was even more nerve-wracking when the groping stopped. Chris looked over his shoulder to see Miss Carlyle disrobing while staring hungrily at his butthole. He knew it was happening, regardless of anything he might say or do. He just had to relax and take it.

It would have been nice if she could have made the trip to Futa House, was all. He would have been much happier in his room, or anywhere in the house, really. He'd come to think of it as a second home of sorts. Her office, despite being rather spacious, was making him feel claustrophobic and anxious.

Steph stroked Chris's hair as he lay across the desk. "Don't worry. Miss Carlyle's one of us. She won't hurt you. Not on purpose, anyway."

"No, I know," Chris said. "It's just... there's people out there. And I've never been here before. And usually Natalie or Sasha are around when someone new decides to take me for a ride."

"I'm here," Steph assured him. She squeezed his hand. "My brother used to get nervous sometimes. Like that time I made him suck me off in front of my friends. He didn't like that at first."

"Wait, what?"

But Chris never got to find out about Steph's story, or what it could possibly have to do with him. Miss Carlyle had stripped sufficiently for her purposes, which left her mostly naked except for her stockings, heels, and necklace. She laid her cock on his lower back, and the sudden weight of it gave Chris a whole new reason to be nervous.

"Oh my god, she's huge!" Steph hissed with wide, disbelieving eyes.

Chris craned his neck to try and get a look. "Um... maybe-"

"Don't worry," Miss Carlyle said soothingly, "I waited until you had enough experience to handle me. There's a reason I didn't jump you from day one."

"Yeah, but I still don't think-" Chris said desperately.

"You don't need to think," Miss Carlyle said. "Just relax and be a good little boytoy."

She slid her massive cock up and down Chris's butt crack, rubbing her shaft against his sloppy and gaping hole. He was afraid it wasn't sloppy and gaping enough for her monster.

"Stephanie, would you please lube us up?" Miss Carlyle asked. "I see he's been lubed up already, but we may need more."

"Yes, please," Chris said. "Lots more."

Steph got to work. Coating Miss Carlyle's full erection took a worryingly long time. She then lubed up Chris's butthole, getting the outside and as much of the inside as she could reach without balling her hand up and fisting him. He was half-tempted to ask her to do that for extra warmup, and to delay the inevitable.

Steph then held Chris's butt cheeks spread wide open while Miss Carlyle pressed the head of her mighty cock to Chris's inadequate bumhole. She pressed harder and harder, causing him to grip the edge of the table and hope she'd give up, but she finally popped inside.

"Oh fuck!" Chris said.

"Precisely," said Miss Carlyle. "But that's just the tip. Don't tense up on me now."

Chris did his best, and Steph went back to stroking his hair and murmuring soothing encouragement, but it was only barely enough. Miss Carlyle penetrated him further with excruciating slowness. His poor ass was getting stretched out like never before.

When Chris was unable to help moaning and grunting with each thrust, Steph stepped in to make sure no one outside would hear the noises and feel the need to investigate. He was entirely unsurprised that her method of choice was to gag him with her cock.

He spluttered and drooled a little as his airflow was abruptly cut off, but he had sufficient experience to handle a sudden throat-fucking without choking or passing out. The required focus on timing his breathing actually did help to distract from the anal reshaping he was going through, though not by enough.

Chris was fucked from both ends. Steph's assault on his mouth was going much faster and harder than Miss Carlyle's continued attempt at getting all the way inside his ass.

Steph came down Chris's throat once while waiting for Miss Carlyle to get in, then took a break while her cock softened a bit in his mouth. She never pulled out, so as not to forgo her duties as a living gag, and soon enough hardened up again for another go. She went slower and gentler, having taken the edge off with her initial orgasm, but her speed gradually picked up as she got properly horny again. It didn't take all that long, really.

Chris's ass was getting destroyed like never before. The sheer size of Miss Carlyle's cock was tearing him apart, and the strain on his butt when she started thrusting for real was just too much. He gurgled and drooled on Steph's dick as he tried to tell them both to stop, but he wasn't given a chance. He just had to bear with it.

The pain eventually faded to a dull ache, and for occasional brief moments, Chris almost enjoyed himself. Even when he wasn't facing sharp pain, the sensations were still too intense to really properly appreciate, however, and he really wished Miss Carlyle wasn't quite so huge.

"Fuck that's good," Miss Carlyle moaned. "Boys this age just have the softest, tightest little buttholes."

"Sure do," Steph agreed conversationally. "I thought I was gonna miss my brother really badly this year, but Chris's bum is just as lovely, and I get to play with him practically every day."

The two of them exchanged more pleasantries about how nice fucking Chris was, while continuing to roughly pound him all the while.

Chris groaned and grunted as Miss Carlyle's dick somehow made him cum despite its unwieldy girth. Or, perhaps, because of it. Either way, he made a mess all down the side of her desk.

Miss Carlyle finally came in his butt a while later, and Steph dumped another load down his throat shortly after that. Chris was barely able to stand on his own by that point, and he was generally a sloppy, well-fucked mess of a boy.

He was made to lick Miss Carlyle clean, but at least she didn't try and shove her cock in his mouth. His jaw wouldn't stretch the way his butt would, and he was afraid she'd break his teeth if she tried forcing her way in.

"Very nice work," Miss Carlyle purred. "Of course, we'll need to have more sessions. Perhaps twice a week? I'll set up a schedule for you."

"Oh god," Chris breathed. "Please no?"

Miss Carlyle tilted her head and gave him a soft glare. "What was that?"

"My butt can't take it." Chris reached back and felt himself gingerly. "It can't even close up after what you did to it."

"Yes. That's why you're getting more training. So you'll be able to handle older, more experienced cocks." Miss Carlyle smiled predatorily. She stepped back in her heels and gave her softening cock a few idle strokes. "I do so enjoy my work at times."

****

Chris, naturally, didn't get much chance to rest up upon returning to the house. A small cluster of girls were waiting for him, and they all cooed over his panties, much to his annoyance, then fawned over his sloppy and gaping butthole.

He gave in and lay on his tummy in bed while the girls took turns prodding and fingering his loose ass while it did its best to close up again. He at least took some small, pyrrhic satisfaction at the complaints they made when they tried to pound his bum. He just simply wasn't up to their standards of tightness for the moment. Served them right not even giving him an hour or two to recover.

Tiffany was the only one who actually seemed to really enjoy his temporary looseness. She got much better access than usual as she dove into his butthole and lapped up the deposited cum.

All in all, Chris's mouth and throat got more of a workout than usual, and his ass eventually managed to more or less close up again. He was very grateful for when lights out was called, and the remaining horny futas were shooed out of his room.

Natalie came over to sit next to Chris once the room was otherwise cleared out.

"I hear you had a 'lesson' with Miss Carlyle today," she said.

"Yeah. I guess that's what you'd call it," Chris said. "She's fucking huge."

"Mmhm. That's kinda what happens. Our dicks don't stop growing when you'd think they do."

"Huh?"

"I mean, boys are pretty much full-sized at your age, right?"

"I guess."

"Well, I'm not. Sasha's not. No one in the house right now is. Probably."

"Oh, fuck. You're all gonna get as big as Miss Carlyle?"

"Eventually. Maybe. Hard to say. But bigger than we are now, for sure."

Chris groaned. "I'm not gonna make it."

Natalie giggled softly. "Don't be so dramatic. It'll be a while before any of us get any bigger to an extent that you'd notice. And if any of us are still together by then, you'll have plenty of experience, and won't be whining so much about it."

"Easy for you to say. Miss Carlyle wants more sessions with me."

Natalie nodded a bit more seriously. "Well, yes, that might be a concern. We could always try and get you warmed up better on those mornings. Try and get you ready for her."

"You mean you want to pound my ass harder than you guys are currently doing?"

"I wasn't gonna put it that way, but kinda, yeah."

"Ugh. I'm really not gonna make it."

****

But Chris was, in fact, mostly just being dramatic. Just as he'd learned to satisfy a few dozen lustful futas every day, so too did he learn to accommodate Miss Carlyle better, as well as the extra-hard poundings the girls gave him to 'warm him up.'

He was basically enjoying himself, other than those odd sort of hiccups in day to day life. The regular butt and throat fuckings he received had become anywhere from tolerable to quite pleasant, or even pleasurable, mostly depending on who was using him at the time. The girls all had their own styles, some of which suited him better than others.

Other than that, Chris also took what opportunities he could to spend more time with Ashley. Everyone tended to be pretty accommodating with any sexual requests he made, but she was the only one he felt something a bit more with. Something deeper than just getting off. Although part of that was just the refreshing novelty of a futa who liked getting fucked in her butt more than pounding his.

"You've been sneaking in to see me an awful lot lately," Ashley remarked as they cuddled in her bed. "It's a lucky thing Jan's off playing with Talia so much, or the others would start to talk when they heard about it."

"Well, I don't have to keep com-"

"No, no," Ashley said. "I like it. Don't get me wrong."

Chris idly fondled her breast. "It sounds like you want to say something about it, though."

Ashley shrugged. "I'm not sure. I guess I've just been wondering why. As far as I know, you don't sneak off to sleep with the other girls."

"That's true. Though Nat does come sleep with me sometimes. She likes falling asleep still inside me, which is honestly kind of comfy and cozy." Chris shook his head. "Which is probably a pretty fucked up thing to say. Goddamn I'm getting slutty."

"Yeah you are," Ashley said. "Basically everyone in the whole house, once or twice a day. That's some serious fucking."

"It is. I guess maybe... I like how you're probably the only girl here I can just lie with. Just cuddling and talking."

Ashley giggled. "That's only 'cause we just finished having sex."

"Yeah, no, obviously it's still pretty sexual. But I've been feeling your tits for a few minutes now, and you haven't tried to roll me over and stick your cock in me. I appreciate that."

"I see." Ashley gave him a teasing grin. "So you like me because I don't use you quite as hard or often as everyone else?"

"Now you're twisting my words."

"I am. I like making you squirm a little."

Chris kissed her shoulder and dropped his hand down to her tummy from her chest. "I think that, like, even if you weren't so happy to let me fuck your butt instead of vice-versa, I'd probably still want to hang out."

"Ooh, so romantic."

Chris laughed along with Ashley. "Yeah, yeah. So I'm not doing a very good job explaining here."

"That's ok. I basically know what you mean. I like hanging out with you too. Partly for sexual reasons, and maybe partly because you're the only boy here, but also... I dunno. You're just easier to hang with. Less highly strung."

Chris nodded slowly. "The girls do tend to be a bit wound up, don't they?"

"Sure do. It's probably a sexual thing. Everything is, with them. Us. All of us." Ashley hesitated. "Maybe less with me. I don't feel like I quite fit in sometimes. Like maybe I'm not quite on the same level in some way."

"Possibly, sure. But I think maybe you're lucky for that. As much as they annoy me sometimes with how needy they are, it can't be easy for them either."

"That's true," Ashley said. "I mean, like I say, I'm not as wound up as most of the girls, but before I got here, before I met you, I was spending a lot of my free time jerking off. Like, a lot. A looot."

"More than me, I bet," Chris said. "And I used to think I spent a lot of time masturbating. I can't even imagine how you all cope."

"Not well. It shocked me a bit when I learned about some of the girls and their, you know, brothers. Or sisters. Parents, sometimes." Ashley squirmed a little. "But I get it. It'd be bound to happen with some of them."

"Beth and Layla," Chris added. "I still haven't quite figured out how close they are."

"Pretty damn close," Ashley said. "Do they always fuck you at the same time?"

"Basically, yeah."

"Huh. Crazy."

Chris rubbed his cock against Ashley. He'd become horny again, and was starting to look for some action. "Speaking of fucking..."

Ashley giggled. "Jeez, you're as bad as the other girls."

"Pff, whatever. I'm not even close. You really think we would have just been lying here all this time if I was as bad as them?"

"Ok, maybe not." Ashley rolled onto her tummy and stuck her butt up for Chris. "Lick me first?"

"Of course."

Chris gave Ashley's bum a good tongue-bath. She cooed and moaned happily, and the volume of her pleasure only increased when he began fucking her tight little ass.

"I'll probably need a turn on you after this," Ashley said. "You're getting me all horny again before sleepy time."

"I think that could be arranged."

Chris took his time finishing up inside Ashley, then obediently took his turn being her cock toy. She spurted her cum deep inside him, then at his request didn't pull out afterward. They fell asleep together with Chris's ass snuggly filled up with girlcock, just the way he liked.

****

Part Five: Merry Cocks-mas

****

Exams had turned out to be easier than Chris expected. He didn't know what kind of deals the university had with Futa House, but they clearly were more comprehensive than he'd assumed.

His class buddies, Ashley, Melissa, Jan, and Steph, had all been allowed to sit with him during the exam taking. Where necessary, they'd helped him out or just written his answers for him. They'd received some looks from other students, but nothing from the professors or TAs.

In some ways, Chris was relieved, since his studies had been... lacking, to some degree. Studying had been hard enough when he could barely get a hour free of butt-fucking at the best of times. It had been even crazier when all the girls were stressed out from their own cram-sessions, and had to relax with a very different sort of cramming.

Chris was reasonably certain he'd passed everything, though he couldn't say for sure that he'd learned much of anything for his troubles.

Naturally, the girls didn't ease up any when testing was over. Instead, they let loose, spent a lot more time getting drunk, and fucked Chris for celebratory reasons rather than stress relieving ones.

The pullout couch in the common room got left in bed form most of the time for the few days while exams were winding down, then finished. Chris was reminded of the time when the freshman girls had all been made to fuck him in front of everyone, only now it was everyone having a go without having to leave the party area.

The house was more a den of debauchery than ever for those last days. Chris felt like he had been turned into a full-time sex toy. At least they gave him breaks for eating, sleeping, and using the bathroom. Even the occasional showers were allowed when he just got too cummy.

Tiffany took advantage of Chris's situation once by fucking his butt until she came, then staying inside and releasing her bladder. Chris groaned as he was filled up with piss right in the middle of the room, while Tiffany giggled in manic delight.

The other girls had playfully teased Tiffany about her proclivities, and she'd been made to carry Chris up to the showers and clean him up. That was presumably what she'd wanted anyway. She held him firm on her cock while she carried him so as to limit how much of her pee leaked back out of him.

"You're fucking crazy," Chris told her as he was jostled slowly up the stairs. His insides felt funny, all warm and sloshing around.

"I'm a weirdo and a perv," Tiffany said softly, but with a gleam in her eye. "This I know." She gave him a kiss. "But you're so much fun to play with. I can't help it."

"I think you could if you tried."

The shower was an excuse for further dirtiness from Tiffany. She knelt below Chris while the cum and piss mixture drained from his ass, then convinced him to pee all over her too. He took a perverse pleasure in it, even though he knew she was enjoying it more than he was, instead of being disgusted like a normal person. She pumped her cock like crazy as hot piss ran down her face and boobies, eventually splattering on the floor.

They got cleaned up, later rather than sooner, and rejoined a party that had become even wilder since they left. Some guests had arrived, including a boy who was already giving out blowjobs, another few guys who didn't seem to know if they were in heaven or hell, and a pair of shy and almost equally confused girls.

Chris only recognized one of the visitors; Shawna, the girl who peeped on him and Melissa from time to time. Except for blowjob boy, she appeared the most confident of the outsiders. She at least had an idea what she was getting into.

The futas who lived in the house didn't have a particularly strict dress code or sense of propriety at the best of times. Now that they were unwinding, even those meager limits had been disregarded.

Lots of the girls were fully naked, and the rest well on their way, given time, alcohol, and horniness. Boobs, butts, and cocks were everywhere. Erections were being rubbed against anyone who didn't immediately dodge away. Chris knew he was in for a hell of a workout, but he wasn't worried. He was a much more experienced cock-slut than when he'd arrived at the house. He could take a serious gangbang these days, when called upon.

Pretty much as expected, Chris was pushed back onto the foldout bed and set to work. He at least got his ass nicely lubed up before girls started pounding it in a never ending conga line, with occasional refills as needed, so that was considerate.

A disorganized cheer went up at one point, and Chris turned his head to see that the next cock aimed at his ass was, in fact, a fake one. He was very confused for a second, then realized that Shawna had been outfitted with a strapon and somehow convinced to give him a go.

"Hey," Shawna said, blushing a furious red at the continued cheers and catcalls. "Um... is it ok if, like..."

Chris shrugged. "I don't mind. Getting my butt pounded is basically what I do these days."

"Yeah, I saw that." Shawna bit her lip. "I thought it was just Melissa, but basically everyone here seems to just... use you?"

"Sure do. I got used to it."

Shawna still seemed to think it was weird and crazy, but that didn't stop her from giving in to peer pressure and pressing her strapped on dildo to Chris's slippery asshole. Melissa came over to whisper in Shawna's ear just before she pressed forward. Shawna giggled, grabbed Chris's butt, and began working her strapon into him.

So Melissa and Shawna seemed to have become friends, Chris assumed. Or maybe more, for all he knew. That was nice for them.

"That doesn't hurt, does it?" Shawna asked.

Chris almost laughed. Her soft little thrusts were about as gentle as he'd ever received. "No, it doesn't hurt," he assured her.

"He can take way more than that," Melissa said. "Don't be afraid to really give it to him."

Shawna tried to go harder, but her efforts were still more adorable than effective. Chris didn't mind. It was kind of a nice rest for him. And he'd always preferred being gently filled to viciously fucked anyway.

Shawna didn't keep going much longer, but she still got another round of cheers when she pulled out. Her face was a mixture of excitement and embarrassment, and she quickly flounced off to find a drink.

Melissa took a turn next and waited for Shawna to return before really fucking Chris. She gave Shawna some pointers for next time while she reamed him.

The party carried on well into the night, though it did at least wind down after a while. Even as drunk and horny as they were, the girls did tend to be pacified after dumping two or three good loads of cum into Chris's mouth or ass.

Of course, just as Chris was thinking he might get a small break, someone came up with the bright idea of commemorative pictures. Some of them had taken sexual selfies with him before, but never in an organized way like this. Girl after girl lined up to shove their cock up his ass, then adopt a cheery smile while someone else snapped a pic of them.

That wouldn't have been so bad on its own. The problem was that many of the posers subsequently decided that they might need another turn on Chris afterward, and he was subjected to another round of hard fuckings.

The girls were getting sloppy by now, and even more of their cumshots than usual ended up splattered across Chris's skin instead of snugly inside his body where they wouldn't make a mess. His face and butt got the worst of the mess, but nowhere was safe. Combined with the slutty gape of his ass from being fucked so long, by so many cocks, Chris appeared quite the well-used fuck-toy. Which, of course, he was.

****

Chris dozed fitfully that night. The party, while having wound down significantly, never quite stopped altogether. He kept waking up to find a girl trying to sneakily fuck his tired bum while he dozed. None of them succeeded in not disturbing him, despite their repeated efforts.

Natalie finally realized what was happening and got Chris a few hours sleep by commandeering his ass as a cock-sheath while she napped as well. She spooned cozily with him, right on the cum-disaster of a pullout bed, ignoring the disgruntled mumblings of a few stragglers who'd wanted another turn.

"Thanks," Chris whispered.

"You're welcome," said Natalie. "Least I could do." She kissed the side of his head. "Now try to get some sleep. They'll be at you again tomorrow. It'll be their last chance with you for a few weeks, you know."

"Yes. I s'pose I should have expected that they weren't done."

And indeed they weren't. Chris got a halfway reasonable sleep after that, but all the same felt it unreasonably early to be awakened the next morning when a cock was pressed insistently to his lips.

"Oh good, you're up," Sasha said as Chris's eyes fluttered open.

"Don't say that like it's not entirely your fault," he said.

"Yeah, fine. It's my fault. Now open up. We don't want to wake Nat."

Chris let Sasha quietly use his mouth and throat while Natalie continued to snooze behind him. He felt rather sore and unrested from the day before, but he knew he still had to get through another parade of horny futas saying goodbye.

Sasha was in a mischievous mood, and when she came she woke Natalie up with a cumshot to the face. She grinned at Natalie's annoyed expression.

"Goddammit, Sasha. What the hell?" Natalie grumbled.

"Oops," Sasha said with an innocent expression.

"Like hell it was an 'oops.'"

Natalie pulled out of Chris's ass slowly and sloppily thanks to the suction and the way he'd tightened up around her overnight. Sasha seemed to know what was coming and didn't resist as Natalie pushed her onto all fours and lubed up her ass none too gently.

Chris watched with a certain amusement as Natalie forced her cock into Sasha's tight ass. Despite getting a lot less anal action than him, Sasha still took her friend's dick like a champ.

"Mmm," Sasha moaned. "That's nice. I don't know why, but I really wanted it this morning. Maybe 'cause of watching Chris take so much cock last night."

"You could just ask," Natalie said, still with some annoyance in her voice, though it was waning.

"Yeah, but what fun is that?"

It was pretty rare for Chris to watch a good butt-fuck without being a participant. He quite enjoyed it. Natalie was really hammering Sasha to vent her annoyance, and both girls were having a good time.

Chris got horny enough while spectating to instinctively reach for his cock. He hadn't masturbated hardly at all since he arrived at Futa House. There'd been no need. Jerking himself off didn't feel nearly so natural as it once had.

Chris somewhat tentatively knelt in front of Sasha. He didn't need to worry about her reaction. She opened her mouth for him as soon as he was in position. His cock slid easily past her lips and she began sucking him off while still getting pounded from behind.

Other girls were stirring, attracted by the sounds of sexy times. Hangovers were slowing them down, but Chris knew he had a limited window to satisfy himself before he'd be put to use.

Sasha still had trouble taking Chris all the way in her mouth. She occasionally gagged when his cock bumped her throat, but otherwise took her mouth-fucking with grace and enthusiasm.

As a cheeky revenge for Natalie's impromptu facial, Chris pulled out just before he came and splashed his load all over Sasha's face. She didn't much mind. She left her mouth open with her tongue sticking out to catch some of the yummy cum.

Chris only got a moment to appreciate the mess he'd made of Sasha's face before he was rolled over and lubed up by the least patient of the recently awakened girls. He relaxed and settled in for a long morning of having his ass pounded.

****

Chris was a cummy, worn out mess by early afternoon. The girls had been getting in their last fucks before trickling out to head home for the holidays. Some of them even brought their parents over for introductions, which Chris thought was exceptionally bold given his state. Still, quite a few of the moms and dads weren't even fazed by the sight of him. Presumably they'd witnessed this sort of thing before.

It was mainly the new girls whose parents presented some awkwardness. For instance, Jan introducing her mom and dad to Talia, her girlfriend, had been interesting. Chris wasn't sure that in her place he wouldn't have waited for a more private moment.

Melissa got caught in the middle of fucking Chris one last time, which both her and her parents seemed quite unprepared for. Natalie smoothed things over as best she could, and presumably Melissa's parents knew on some level what was going on, but it still made for an awkward ride home afterward.

Steph's brother actually came to pick her up. He wasn't the only sibling who showed up, but he was the only one Chris knew for certain was messing around with his horny sister at least a little bit. How much of that was because he wanted to, and how much was just so Steph wouldn't go around miserably unsatisfied all the time, that was hard to say.

Ashley, unique to all the futas saying goodbye, chose to ride Chris's cock one last time instead of pounding his butt. Her parents walked in while she was still bouncing up and down on him. He'd been too tired to do the work for her.

There had been a moment of frozen time as Ashley's parents were led in and saw their baby girl impaling her ass on some cum-slut boy's cock. Chris was glad of the facial mask that now helped to hide his features somewhat.

Still, it didn't go as badly as it could have. Ashley's dad looked like he wanted to say something, possibly even blow up in anger, but he never got that far.

After a moment of indecision, Ashley pried herself off Chris's cock and rushed to her parents for hugs. Their embarrassment at embracing their naked and very hard daughter helped distract from whatever initial reactions they may have felt.

"Alright, little Ashley," Natalie said, ever the diplomatic leader. "Go finish up. Make sure you cum, or it's going to be an awful car ride home." She gestured to Ashley's parents. "I'll take your mom and dad to your room to get your things."

Ashley's dad seemed glad of an excuse to get out of the room. Her mom almost looked like she wanted to stay, but let herself be dragged away.

"Sorry about that," Ashley said as she returned to Chris. "I was hoping they wouldn't show up while we were still... you know."

"That's ok," he said. "I'm pretty well immune to embarrassment by this point."

"Yeah, you would be." Ashley giggled. "Mind if I finish up in your butt? Nat's probably right that I don't want to ride home all horny and worked up."

"That's literally what I'm here for."

"I know, but you look too sore and tender, is all." Ashley gently touched Chris's asshole where it was still gaping open from the parade of cocks that had gone through that morning.

"I'll be alright," Chris assured her. "You just do what you need to do."

Ashley nodded and carefully inserted her needy erection. Soon enough, she was pounding away, concern for Chris forgotten in favour of using him to get off quickly.

Her parents went by within Chris's sightline again as they carted her things out to their car. Both of them glanced at their daughter as they passed, their faces displaying quite a mixture of emotions.

Ashley pumped her cum into Chris's bum, then pulled out with a contented sigh. She kissed him gently.

"Bye," she said. "Thanks for everything. See ya after Christmas, yeah?"

"Definitely," Chris confirmed. "Looking forward to it."

They smiled at each other until Ashley turned away and skipped off to join her parents. Natalie had to remind her to get dressed before she left the house.

****

Beth and Layla had, of course, performed their usual double-team act before leaving. Chris realized that he'd miss the kinky sisters and their twin cocks. They were a bit strange, but they'd grown on him over the months.

Tiffany, too, had departed after a last fuck. She didn't do anything too weird, though she did lick up some the creampie she left in Chris's butt, then kissed him with it still in her mouth. He tried to glare at her, but her dismissive laughter negated any effect he may have had.

Only Natalie and Sasha remained by the time Chris's mom arrived. It had been planned that way, Natalie informed him, because it just wouldn't have worked out well if the only boytoy on the premises had abandoned ship before all the girls got to 'say goodbye,' so to speak.

Molly MacKenzie walked in quite calmly to the sight of her cum-drizzled son being idly fucked up the ass to pass the time. Sasha respectfully pulled out as Chris struggled to sit up.

"Uh... hi, Mom," Chris said.

"You've had a busy day," Molly said, totally nonchalant. She reached out and wiped back Chris's hair and some cum that was dripping down beside his eye. "You'd better clean up before you get in the car."

Chris bit his lip and nodded. Seeing his mom again while he was all naked and messy and anally gaping wasn't nearly as embarrassing as he'd expected. The girls at Futa House had truly broken his sense of social propriety.

Natalie took Chris to get cleaned up. In this case, the escort was actually necessary rather than an excuse for sexy times, though they did some of that too. There was so much cum on and in his body that the extra pair of hands to scrub made a significant difference.

Chris was more shocked upon returning, as Sasha was on her hands and knees with Molly fucking her hard from behind. Chris had been made aware that his mom was a futa, and not technically his mother in a biological sense, but he still hadn't been prepared for actually seeing her in action.

"Sorry, baby," Molly said. "I know I shouldn't have, but I couldn't stop myself. Seeing you taking a cock like that... it made me so proud. But also..."

"You should have seen how hard she got just discussing it," Sasha said with her usual lack of tact. "Your mom got super turned on seeing you all cute and cummy like that."

She winced a little every time Molly buried her cock, but otherwise took the milfy hammering remarkably easily. From what Chris could tell, his mother was about as well hung as Ms. Carlyle. Apparently all the girls were going to keep growing for a while. It was a damn good thing their penises didn't reach maturity as quickly as the rest of their bodies. He never would have been persuaded to stay in the first place if he'd been facing monsters like that.

Natalie bent Chris over and leisurely fucked him while waiting for Molly to have her way with Sasha. Mother and son surreptitiously watched each other when they could get away with it without being too obvious. Chris was quite sure this was the least appropriate activity they'd ever done together.

"I really should have controlled myself better," Molly apologized. "It's going to take me a while now that I've started. I just couldn't help it." She thrust extra-hard and made Sasha groan. "But I definitely need to finish or I'll be all out of sorts on the ride home."

"No worries," Natalie said easily. "Chrissy's such a good cock-slut. He doesn't mind getting fucked a bit more, do ya?"

Chris didn't answer. Despite his sense of shame having been chopped up and sold off for parts, he still wasn't sure he liked Natalie being quite so honest in front of his mother.

Molly, however, laughed. "I knew he had it in him. I mean, you can never be sure, but I believed in him."

Chris flushed and avoided eye contact for a bit while Natalie, Sasha, and Molly went right on chatting about him, as well as fucking around.

Chris was still getting butt-fucked and mostly ignored when another woman entered the house. She looked vaguely familiar, but he couldn't place her until Natalie noticed her as well.

"Mommy!" Natalie said. She pulled out of Chris painfully quickly and ran to give her mother a big, naked hug. Judging by the woman's lack of surprise, her daughter's nudity wasn't uncommon. Or, perhaps, it was simply that Natalie's mom was a futa porn star, and it took a lot more than that to faze her.

Molly nodded. "Hello, Dia."

"Molly, good to see you," Natalie's mom said. "This must be your boy."

"Yes, he is." Molly reached over and ruffled Chris's hair affectionately. "This is Chris. Chris, this is my friend Dia from way back when."

Of course his mom and Natalie's were friends, Chris thought. That would explain some of the arrangements that had been made for him here without him ever knowing about them. His mom, Ms. Carlyle, and Dia. All working together, presumably.

He couldn't really muster any outrage over it. It wasn't like he hadn't enjoyed himself.

"You're the one who does... movies," Chris said as he sat back on his heels.

Dia nodded easily. "Porn. You can say it. It's not a secret. I usually go by Diamond or Lady D in my work."

"The girls all loved watching you," Natalie said. "You've got such a way with boys."

"Thank you, dear," Dia said. "But speaking of boys..."

Chris hadn't missed the increasingly prominent bulge Dia was sporting. It rather marred the air of casual, sensual elegance the woman otherwise presented. It reminded him that she was yet another horny futa, albeit one who was a bit more grown up.

Molly put a hand on Chris's shoulder. "You don't mind, do you? Dia's a good friend."

It was totally surreal hearing his mother casually ask if he'd mind just letting her friend fuck him up the ass. Sure she'd left him with a bunch of girls who were going to do that regularly, but it still didn't have the immediate impact of directly asking him to bend over and take it.

Still, he actually didn't mind.

"Sure," Chris said as he assumed the position. "Why not?"

"That a boy," Molly said proudly. She patted his butt. "The girls have you well trained, haven't they?"

Chris flushed with embarrassment and didn't answer. His mom was throwing him off pretty badly with this sudden acceptance of his new cock-slut nature. Just because she'd planned it didn't mean she had to be so easy to embrace it. A brief period of warming up to it up would have helped him adjust, he felt.

Natalie helped her mom take her clothes off, then assisted with lubing her cock as well. Dia was even more formidable in person than on screen. Her throbbing erection was the biggest Chris had seen yet, and he was actually a little worried than even his constant and comprehensive training wouldn't be enough.

Natalie helped Chris relax with a quick but thorough rimjob before her mother took over.

It took Dia some time to actually work her way into Chris's butthole. She stretched him out just that little bit more than he'd experienced up until now, and his ass protested the intrusion. He thought he might have found his limit, but Dia was good about going slow and knowing when she was about to push too hard and hurt him.

Against Chris's expectations, Dia managed the improbably feat and worked her entire length inside him. He felt so absolutely, ridiculously full.

Natalie stroked Chris's hair and made encouraging noises while he adjusted to Dia totally filling his butt. Natalie let him get comfortable with her mom, then pressed her cock to his lips. Chris opened up, accepting Natalie in his mouth, and allowing himself to be spit-roasted by the mother and daughter pair of futas.

Dia was slow and gentle to start fucking Chris, which contrasted with Natalie's faster and harder approach. Natalie knew what he could take and stayed within his limits, but still gave his mouth and throat a good workout.

Chris took the intense reaming like a pro. It went on for quite a while, long enough that Natalie and Sasha switched places a few times. They alternated using his mouth, and being used by Molly.

Dia finally came in Chris's ass, loading him up with hot futa-cum shortly after Molly had done the same to Natalie. The mothers laughed about using each other's kid as a cum dump while cleaning up afterward.

****

Chris curled up in the passenger seat while Molly drove them home. His butt ached from being stretched out so badly, and cum kept leaking out from the massive load Dia had deposited. At least the panties he wore were pretty comfy and absorbed cum nicely. At the girls' urging, he'd been wearing special futa-accommodating panties more and more lately, and had been growing to enjoy them, much to his annoyance.

He was already feeling pangs of missing Natalie and Sasha, not so much because of the length of their separation so far, but because it was going to be so long before he saw them again. He'd grown quite close to them, as well as a few of the other girls specifically, and had become so used to always having them around that he was at a bit of a loss now.

Apparently Natalie and Sasha's moms were good friends, and the two of them had gone off with Dia at about the same time Chris and Molly had departed. Their farewell kisses still lingered on his lips.

"You ok, sweetie?" Molly asked, startling Chris from his daydreaming.

"Uh, yeah. I'm fine," he said.

"You're awfully quiet."

"I was just thinking about stuff."

Molly watched him out of the corner of her eye. "Missing your friends already?"

Chris flushed, but nodded affirmatively. "Yeah, kinda. It's silly, I know. We only just left."

"It's not silly." Molly reached over and squeezed his leg reassuringly. "You found somewhere you really belong. I was hoping you would. Obviously I couldn't be sure that you'd take to it, but I'm so happy you did."

"You know that's a little weird to hear you say."

"It is?"

"Mom, you know what happens there. You know I'm basically a full-time fuck-toy."

"I wouldn't put it quite like that, but yes, I know. You're enjoying it, aren't you?"

Chris flushed redder. "Yes. But you don't need to sound so excited by it. You're my mom. You're not s'posed to want me to be a total slut."

"Why not?"

"What do you mean 'why not?' I mean, obviously that's not what you should want."

Molly pursed her lips seriously. "Chris, baby, what I want is for you to feel like you belong somewhere, and to be happy. I know it wasn't easy growing up with me for a mother, never having a proper dad, dealing with my... eccentricities." She squeezed his leg again. "Maybe I made it hard for you to fit in, or to truly figure out what you wanted in life. And maybe being a boytoy is an odd career path for me to push you toward. But if it's what makes you happy, then it's what I want for you."

Chris squirmed uncomfortably. He appreciated what his mom was saying, but he still didn't think she should be quite so enthused about it. Somehow, that was weirder even than participating in a small, impromptu orgy with her earlier. Clearly his priorities weren't much straighter than hers.

****

Chris moped around the house the next day. His sleep had been fitful, but adequate. He found that he was just simply bored and felt totally unfulfilled, both in the traditional sense and euphemistically.

He didn't know what to do with himself anymore. He hadn't had hardly any time left to his own devices for months. More than once he headed to his room with the idea of getting naked and waiting for a horny futa to come looking for some action, before realizing that his instincts were misleading him. None of the girls were around. It was just him and his mom.

Chris was totally unable to sleep the second night. He just couldn't do it. He felt all wrong, so empty and unused. He suffered from sudden cock withdrawal to the point that he couldn't even lie still and get some rest.

He ended up sitting and blankly watching tv in the living room late at night after he'd gotten tired of tossing and turning in bed. He tried to stay quiet, but somehow Molly still padded in to check on him, despite his assumption that she was long since asleep.

"Not sleeping?" Molly asked.

Chris shrugged. "Nah. Just wasn't happening."

"Oh. Something keeping you up?"

Chris hesitated. He wasn't sure he wanted to tell his mother that his problem was a lack of cock. She was just so enthusiastic about how well he'd taken to being a boytoy. It might actually have been less uncomfortable if she didn't approve.

"I dunno," he said. "Just can't sleep. That's all."

Molly was quiet, but Chris still shrank under her appraising stare. When she eventually spoke, her tone was quiet but firm.

"Chris, honey, do you think it's because you're missing your friends?"

Chris bit his lip, then nodded. At least she hadn't asked if he missed having his butt pounded. That's what she'd meant, of course, but she'd had the decency not to phrase it so bluntly.

Molly sighed. "That was so neglectful of me. I didn't even think. Of course you can't sleep. You've probably been going to bed with some nice girlcock up your bum every night."

"Not every night," Chris mumbled.

Molly sat next to Chris and pulled him in for a hug. Her robe left some cleavage on display, and his head landed right in the middle of it as she held him close.

"Poor baby," she said. "Mommy didn't plan things very well, did she?"

Chris tried to act nonchalant. It was tricky with his mother's soft breasts cradling his face. "It's ok. I'll manage."

Molly continued to hold him and ruffle his hair in a way that danced on the line between motherly and sensual. He relaxed and enjoyed it since she clearly had no intention of letting him go.

"Um... Mom? You're kinda, like, starting to poke out a bit," Chris said.

Molly's cock was waking up, and the flimsy barrier of her robe wasn't doing much of anything to hide it. It slipped through the loose gap below her sash, becoming fully visible to Chris as it hardened.

"Mom?" Chris repeated, though he was sure she'd heard him.

"Sorry, baby," Molly said huskily. "You feel too good." She inhaled deeply. "And you smell like a boy who needs some cock too."

"M-mom? What..."

Chris knew what was happening, he just didn't want to believe that his mother was the same as all the other futas he'd met so far. It took some mental gymnastics, given how he'd already seen her libido at work when she'd fucked Sasha and Natalie.

"I did so good," Molly said, essentially talking to herself. "You were so cute, and so tempting, but I was good. But now you need me. How can I resist?"

"Dammit, Mom," Chris said softly.

He felt her hand on the back of his head. She no longer stroked him, but instead pushed and guided him. He could still say no, he supposed. She was still his mother. She wouldn't force him. Probably.

Chris didn't really want Molly to stop. His finely honed instincts and reactions were coming into play. He was being pushed toward a girlcock, and his mouth was already opening to receive it.

His mom's cock was big. He'd gotten used to taking cocks that size up his butt, but he still had work to do orally. Molly was patient. She let him take her a little bit, just as far as his jaw would allow without aching too badly, then take a break for some kissing and licking.

"That's a good boy," Molly cooed as her son moved to kneel between her legs and worship her cock all the more thoroughly.

Molly let her robe fall all the way open. She idly toyed with her nipples while watching Chris work her shaft.

Chris found himself really trying his best in a way that he wasn't used to. He had plenty of experience with his mouth and throat being forced open, or easily taking a cock once he'd practiced enough, but not so much actually trying to take a cock that wouldn't quite fit.

Possibly he wanted to show off for his mother, or possibly he was afraid she'd be disappointed if he couldn't manage her girth. Maybe, too, it was simply that cock withdrawal hitting him in ways he hadn't expected. All the possibilities he could think of were more than a little fucked up.

Chris licked and sucked Molly's cock until it was all sloppy and spit-covered. She then stood and led him off to her bedroom. He couldn't help watching her boobs as they gently bounced, or her erection swaying back and forth in front of them.

He hadn't often been allowed in his mom's room when he was younger, nor the basement. He'd never really questioned it, since it was just the way he was raised. Now, at least, he had a pretty good idea why.

It wasn't necessarily obvious that Molly was a futa just from seeing her bedroom, but there were clues if one was looking. Her panties were oddly shaped, unless you knew they were meant to contain a large penis. There was a bottle of lube on her nightstand, and a collection of DVDs in a drawer that she'd forgotten to shut with titles that were rather overtly suggestive.

Chris didn't have time to examine the rest of the room as he was thrown to the bed by Molly. She dove on his asshole and gave it some very deep kisses.

Being eaten out by his mother was an insane feeling, but he couldn't deny that it felt amazing too. She knew what she was doing, and there was a definite sense of the forbidden heightening the pleasure. Mommies were not supposed to lick their sons' buttholes like that.

Then again, that wasn't even the craziest part.

Molly made Chris lube up her shaft, which he did with a sort of horny reverence. He hadn't been fucked all day, and now his mommy was going to take care of him with her big, delicious cock. His doubts had faded in favour of imagining just how nice it was going to feel. His bottom felt all fluttery in anticipation.

"Are you going to be a good butt slut for Mommy?" Molly asked.

Chris nodded obediently and assumed a face down, ass up position, presenting his butthole for filling. Molly slid her cock back and forth, giving him a teasing sense of its length and weight, and just how much she was going to stretch him.

"You ready, baby?" Molly asked.

"Mmhm. Sooo ready," Chris said, wiggling his butt slightly as he waited impatiently.

The initial penetration made Chris groan and take some deep breaths while he tried to stay relaxed. Molly wasn't necessarily any bigger than some of the other mature futa dicks he'd taken, but he hadn't been warmed up at all that day. His bum hadn't enjoyed a single hard pounding or massive cum load.

His mom's cock really opened him up and made his ass ache before she was even halfway in. It was a good pain, though, and it transitioned smoothly to a soothing and comforting pleasure.

Chris moaned loudly as he was stretched and filled deeper and deeper. Molly's thrusts were getting harder as she encountered more resistance. She clearly wasn't stopping until she got all the way in. Not that he would have it any other way.

Molly's balls slapped lightly against Chris's moments before a final hard push got her entirely inside him. He clenched his butt tighter around her to hold her in place.

"Ooh, baby," she said. "Mommy can't move if you tighten up like that."

"I know," Chris said. "I just wanted to feel you for a minute. No moving."

He looked over his shoulder. Molly smiled affectionately at him and gently rubbed his lower back.

"You like having Mommy inside you?" she asked.

Chris grinned sheepishly. "I like just being all filled up. Mostly girls want to pound away on me as much as possible, but sometimes they'll stay still for a bit. It's so nice and comforting." He bit his lip. "Especially you, Mom."

Molly bent down over him, her lovely, soft breasts pressing against him as she kissed his cheek. "Then I'll try to be good," she said.

Her cock pulsed and throbbed in Chris's butt, but she did a very good job of holding still and just letting him enjoy it. He felt so full and warm and loved.

Molly occupied herself with kissing her son on his neck and shoulders, as well as rubbing his tummy where her cock was making a slight bulge. She got increasingly fidgety, however, and just like any of the other girls who'd fucked his ass, she couldn't stay still forever.

"Chris, baby, I really need to fuck you," Molly said in a half-whine.

Chris smiled and consciously relaxed as much as possible. "Go ahead, Mom."

With a firm grip on Chris's hips, Molly pulled her cock out slowly, then shoved it right back in. Both of them moaned deliriously as she repeated the movement over and over, gradually getting smoother and more consistent as Chris's bum gave up what little fight it had left and allowed her free rein.

Mother and son were locked in an incestuous, anal adventure. Molly laughed wildly as she slammed her cock into him hard and fast, lost in the thrill of pounding her baby boy. Chris moaned and drooled while his eyes rolled back in an excess of pleasure.

"That's so damn good," Molly hissed. "Your butt's as tight and silky as I ever imagined."

"Mmm, it gets good reviews alright," Chris said. He whimpered at a particularly deep thrust.

"I really don't know how I resisted so long," Molly breathed. "I really, truly don't."

Perhaps to make up for lost time, Molly fucked Chris unceasingly for a long, long time. Even filling his butt up with cum didn't slow her down. She kept right on pounding him through her orgasm, causing a fair amount of it to leak out and make a mess everywhere.

Molly's second orgasm was deliberately even more of a mess as she sprayed cum over Chris's butt and back, and even on his face. It didn't faze him at all, since he was quite used to that sort of thing.

Their fucking got sloppy and gooey, but Molly cumming twice at least calmed her down a little and took the edge off. She got some more control over herself and rolled Chris onto his back so she could watch his face while she held his knees back and pistoned in and out of his ass.


Chris groaned and wriggled as his mother found the right spots inside him. He gasped as his cock twitched, then exploded in an orgasm of his own, adding to the mommy-mess on his tummy.

Molly's final cum-shot came after the longest, gentlest stretch of fucking of them all. It was quite loving and tender, relatively speaking. She gazed into Chris's eyes while internally massaging his butt, occasionally giving his cock a soft rub.

They cuddled together afterward in a warm, slippery embrace. Molly's cock remained halfway inside Chris the whole time, and she made sure to plunge it back in completely before they both went to sleep.

****

Chris slept in late the next morning, and probably would have slept later still if he hadn't been gently fucked awake by his mom. She'd apparently gotten bored waiting for him to wake up on his own and had started rocking her hips in small circles while her cock was still firmly inside him.

Chris smiled lazily and pressed his butt back for more. Molly took his awakened state as an opportunity to roll him on his tummy and climb on top. Her thrusts got much more powerful as she got better leverage and didn't have to worry about disturbing his slumber any longer.

"Good morning, Mom," Chris said.

"Mmm, good morning, baby." Molly kissed his shoulder. Her breasts jiggled enticingly against his upper back as she leaned over him. "You made such a snuggly cock-sheath last night."

"I guess I'm versatile that way."

"You certainly are."

Molly kept pounding Chris until she came, but instead of dumping her load deep in his butt, she rolled him onto his back and fed him a tasty, cummy breakfast.

"We should probably get you cleaned up now," Molly said as she gazed adoringly at her messy little slut of a son.

"Yeah, probably," Chris agreed. "I've got dried cum everywhere."

"So you do."

Molly started ripping the sheets off her bed for changing before Chris had even padded out of the room. He stopped and watched his naked mother as she obliviously gave him quite a show with all her moving around, bending over, and jiggling.

Chris had always kind of known that he had a hot mom. Until his recent sexual liberation, that knowledge had never been more than background trivia. He never would have dared perv on her, or even consciously think about whether he was attracted to her or not. Now, however, after spending a night in her bed, he didn't feel the least bit of guilt for ogling her sexy, nude form.

These sorts of things happened in futa families. That was the impression Chris had from what he'd learned over the past few months. It was quite impressive Molly had restrained herself so well until now. With the dam broken, however, Chris had no doubt that he'd be feeling his mommy deep inside him lots more.

He got the shower running, then stood under its spray, jerking his hard cock. He was so turned on from his wake up pounding, being fed his mother's cum, and imagining her warm, voluptuous form. It was so bad, so immoral, and yet he'd been conditioned so that it practically felt normal to him all the same. As if he and his mom had been fucking for years, and not just since last night.

Molly snuck into the shower with Chris while he was still masturbating and daydreaming about her. He flushed guiltily at being caught, but his embarrassment was small and fleeting. It vanished completely when she removed his hand from his erection and replaced it with her own.

"You could have asked me to do that," Molly said. "It's not really fair, is it? Me cumming so much more than you."

"It's fine. I'm very used to it," Chris said.

"Your girls take care of you, though, don't they?"

"Sure they do. They'd basically all suck me off, or jerk me off, or whatever, if I asked." Chris shrugged. "Most of them wouldn't even think about it on their own, though. Nat sometimes did. And Sasha was very happy to help out when prompted." He chuckled softly. "Only Ashley really preferred getting fucked in the butt to vice versa. In that sense, she was pretty damn good about 'taking care of me.'"

"Hm? Interesting."

"Is it?"

"Yes. Quite. I mean, I know there are some of us futas who don't just think with our dicks, but we're fairly rare. You say you actually found one who likes taking cock more than giving it?"

Chris hesitated. "...yes? I think that's fair to say, anyway. I mean, she still had her needs, of course. But when we were messing around, I think we'd spend way more time playing with her butt than mine."

"Very, very interesting."

Molly jerked Chris off with a pensive look on her face. She barely seemed to even register what her hand was doing. She only came back to reality when Chris started 'washing' her boobs.

Both of them actually did need to clean up, but the way they went about it was terribly inefficient. Their hands were all over each other, but so focused on only a few areas that the other areas of their bodies were neglected.

It was the first chance Chris had had to really just explore a fully mature futa body. The girls he was used to playing with basically had all the same bits, but their breasts weren't quite as full, and their cocks weren't quite as big, as well as some other small differences that added up to a novel and titillating experience.

Inevitably, Molly got too horny to keep messing around and had to fuck Chris again. She pressed him up against the wall and gave it to him hard until she came all over him yet again. Afterward she was calm enough to get them washed up for real.

****

Chris and Molly had breakfast after their shower sex. Molly put on her robe, but didn't contain her cock within panties, so her modesty wasn't particularly well preserved. Her penis dangled down below the hem of her robe most of the time, except when she got excited and it got even more prominent.

Chris, meanwhile, wore panties and a t-shirt. His mother was apparently yet another girl who thought ladies' underwear looked cute on him, and he didn't feel like arguing. Besides, the pair she gave him were remarkably comfy, and just silky enough to be interesting.

They both got so horny around each other just from watching and teasing that their few clothes didn't really last long after eating. They cuddled together on the couch, and Molly stripped Chris off before sitting him on her dick.

Chris felt so lovely and full with his mom fully buried in his ass while he snuggled in her lap. She didn't even start fucking him, so he got to just enjoy having her inside, filling him up, stretching him out.

The two of them sat and cuddled, watching Christmas movies on tv, enjoying their new sensual closeness. Molly idly rubbed Chris's tummy where her cock was making a bit of a bulge, or sometimes stroked his cock instead. There was no hurry or purpose to it, it was just some nice play time between them.

Chris spent as much time as possible the next few days with his mom's cock inside him. Mostly he just sat in her lap, maybe grinding a bit, but of course she needed to fuck him regularly to take the edge off. He also stroked and sucked her on occasion too, just for variety. With Molly being the only source of girlcock around, she was lucky and got all the attention and energy he otherwise would have had to share amongst a couple dozen horny futas.

****

Christmas morning didn't mean nearly the same to Chris as it used to when he was a kid. Like basically everyone, the novelty had faded for him and he no longer woke up full of giddy excitement.

Unlike the previous few years, however, Chris found himself receiving a present that was actually worth getting excited over.

He didn't realize it at first. His eyes flicked open as something disturbed his slumber, and he stretched and yawned before truly examining his surroundings. Molly had insisted he sleep in his own bed that night, without her cock to keep him company. That was fine. She'd fucked him good before bed to make sure he could get to sleep.

He frowned in confusion upon realizing he wasn't alone. His lips slowly transitioned into a wide smile as he figured out what was going on.

Ashley knelt at the foot of his bed. She was naked except for some ribbon cunningly wrapped around her to make her looks like a Christmas present. His Christmas present.

"Merry Christmas?" Ashley said with a shy smile of her own.

"Yes," Chris agreed, "is sure is."

He threw his covers aside and crawled over to Ashley. He gave her a big, naked kiss and rubbed his hardening cock against her already warmed up shaft.

"I can't believe you're here," Chris said.

"I know. Me either, kinda," Ashley said. "It was your mom's idea. I guess you must have really talked me up to her."

"Did I? I mean... I guess in hindsight I might have mentioned you a few times. Or a lot of times."

Ashley giggled. "Well I'm glad. I missed you."

They kissed again, and Ashley aggressively grabbed Chris's cock while sucking on his tongue. Her ribbons started coming undone as she was enthusiastically fondled in return.

"Your parents were ok with this?" Chris asked. "I mean, it is Christmas and all."

"They weren't thrilled, exactly," Ashley admitted. "Something about offering their daughter up as a sexy present for some boy didn't really work for them, I think."

"I bet. How'd you convince them?"

"Well... they try to be supportive of my sexuality as best they can. Plus they get super flustered and easy to manipulate when I walk around with my cock hanging out, or get all hard and rub up on them."

"I can see how that might perturb them alright."

"So here I am!"

"Yes. Here you are."

Ashley shrieked and giggled happily as Chris swung her around so she fell on her back across the bed. He removed some of the more inconvenient ribbon still clinging to her, then kissed and sucked his way down her body. He made sure to give her cock plenty of attention before getting her to roll over and lavishing her butthole with an excessive amount of saliva and tongue-action.

Chris gave Ashley a good, hard, Christmas morning butt-fuck. Once he came inside her, she did the same to him.

The two horny teens spent the early morning switching back and forth, fucking around to their hearts' content. They pounded each other's tight little buttholes until they were both pleasantly gaping and sore.

"Best Christmas ever," Chris declared one they'd finally collapsed together in a sticky puddle.

"Mmm, you said it," Ashley concurred.

****

Chris and Ashley took a shower together to clean up. They'd worn each other out enough that their messing around was kept to a minimum, and they got back out even before using up all the hot water. They dried each other off, then walked back to the hallway, hand in hand.

Molly was just shutting her bedroom door as Chris and Ashley came out. She was being very gentle, and didn't even make a click as the door snugged into place.

"Hey, Mom," Chris said. "Merry Christmas."

Molly straightened and turned toward him. She wore her robe, and her cock swayed free from beneath the bottom of it, shiny and dripping like it had been recently used.

"I see you found your present," Molly said.

Chris gave Ashley's hand a squeeze. "Sure did. Best present ever."

Ashley giggled and blushed coyly. "Aw, thanks."

"How'd you get her here?" Chris asked.

"My parents brought me," Ashley said. "We got an early start this morning."

"Yeah, I bet," Chris said. His eyes narrowed as he started putting pieces together. "Wait, are they still here?"

"I assume so," Ashley said. "Why?"

Chris stared accusingly at Molly. "Mom, please tell me they aren't in your bed right now."

Molly clasped her hands behind her back and contrived to look innocent. "I don't know what you're talking about."

Ashley brought her hands to her mouth as her eyes widened in horrified delight. She'd figured out the same thing Chris had. "No way!" She dashed to Molly's bedroom door and cracked it open. She let out a muffled squeak, then shut the door again. She gazed at Molly with scandalized awe.

"Dammit, Mom," Chris said. "You didn't have to fuck them."

"No, I didn't have to," Molly agreed. "But it was a lot of fun."

"Oh my god," Ashley said through a nervous torrent of giggling. "You did both of them?"

"Of course," Molly said. "They were having some trouble understanding about you and the futa sex drive in general. I just explained some things, is all."

"Like hell," Chris grumbled. "You just thought it was hot boning the parents of the girl I was fucking around with."

"Well... maybe some of that too," Molly admitted. "Now, how about some breakfast?"

****

Chris and Ashley didn't bother getting dressed for breakfast, and Molly remained only halfway modest, what with her ample cleavage and cock hanging out. The three of them worked together to put a meal together, but it wasn't as efficient a process as it might have been. Two of them were usually preoccupied with each other more than the food at any given time.

Often times it was Chris getting a cock grinded on his ass or a hand reaching around to feel him up. Sometimes he was the accoster. And sometimes Molly would make a move on Ashley. Just something small and non-threatening; a bit of grinding or fondling, or even a quick makeout session at one point.

Chris would have said something, but Ashley didn't seem to mind his mom's sexual overtures. Their hard cocks dueled as they kissed and rubbed together right beside him while he tried to pay attention to the frying pans in front of him containing bacon and pancakes. Molly's dominated Ashley's much the same way Ashley's dominated his. He'd long ago learned not mind being outsized by literally every girl he had sex with, but it was kind of a funny reminder that even most of those girls were going to get bigger still.

Ashley then had to take over watching the food as Molly bent Chris over the counter. She licked and slobbered all over his butthole, then shoved her cock in and gave him a good, hard fucking.

It was turning into a hell of a Christmas.

Chris wasn't particularly surprised when his breakfast was doused in cum before being served to him. Molly and Ashley both giggled maniacally about it, but he just started eating like it was normal for him. Given the amount of futa-cum he was used to swallowing, it practically was.

After a tasty, cummy breakfast, Chris and Ashley went to cuddle on the couch in the living room. Ashley sat on Chris's cock while facing him, snuggling up while her bottom was thoroughly impaled. Her cock pressed against his chest, rubbing him whenever she shifted.

Molly joined them shortly after, and the three of them watched old Christmas movies while enjoying each other's naked company.

Ashley's parents came down a while later, still adjusting their clothes and appearing quite bashful. They only got redder and shyer upon discovering their daughter happily nude and snuggling with a cock up her ass. Ashley was unaffected by their stares.

"Hey Mom and Dad," Ashley said casually. "How was sex with Chris's mom?"

Molly stood and swatted Ashley's butt, making the younger girl yelp. With an easy grace, Molly glided to Ashley's parents and guided them to the kitchen.

Chris watched his mother's swaying ass as she left, and noted that her cock had hardened slightly even before she was out of sight. "I think Mom likes your parents," he said to Ashley.

"Good," she said. "They don't get out much. So boring. It's good they met a new friend who can get them doing some fun stuff." She snuggled tighter to Chris. "I know I got a lot happier when I started messing around with you."

"Mmm, yeah, that's a good point. I'd never have said Mom was boring, but she's definitely more interesting and fun now that I know her sexy secrets."

"And participate in them, even," Ashley added with a giggle.

"That too."

****

Ashley's parents stuck around a while longer to eke out bits of a regular Christmas with their daughter. She and Chris were made to get dressed for a while, and for a few hours it was almost like a proper family holiday. The teens couldn't keep their hands to themselves, however, and kept sneakily groping each other and playing footsie under the table.

Ashley eventually said goodbye to her mom and dad, then waited just long enough for them to be out of the yard before taking her clothes off again. Chris wasn't far behind her.

"That's too bad they couldn't stay," Molly said wistfully as she remained watching out the window.

"They wouldn't have lasted," Chris pointed out. "You would have fucked them stupid."

"I certainly would have tried," Molly agreed with a feline smile. "Luckily, I have a couple of hot little butt sluts here to keep me busy."

Ashley cheered and rubbed her sleek, naked body up against Molly in hopes of some fun. Chris rolled his eyes, but his butthole twitched in anticipation as well.

Ashley got the first ass-pounding. She knelt on the couch on her hands and knees, bum presented wantonly for filling. Molly obliged and fucked her hard and deep.

Chris was horny enough that he tried feeding Ashley his cock while she was getting ploughed by his mom, just to see what she'd do. She obediently opened her mouth and sucked him off as best she could while getting jostled by powerful anal thrusting. Her eyes shone bright and happy at getting her first spitroast; even better that it was a mommy and son doing her.

****

The rest of the day went much the same, with sporadic flurries of sex mixed with naked cuddles and lounging around. Molly dumped plenty of cum in both Chris and Ashley, and by bedtime the teens were exhausted and gaping lewdly.

Their buttholes didn't even get a much needed rest, since Molly buried her cock snugly in Chris's ass before falling asleep almost immediately, while Ashley cozied up to him in the front and sheathed his cock in her butt.

Chris was trapped between two soft, warm futas in the most deliciously perverse way possible. He couldn't say he minded.

"That was a good Christmas," Ashley said sleepily.

"Yeah it was," Chris agreed. "The best Christmas, I would say."

"Me too. I'm glad you and your mom had me over."

"Mmhm. That was mostly Mom's doing, surprising me like that. Must've taken some balls for her setting that up with your parents. And not the literal kind, before you start giggling too hard."

"I honestly don't know if they think you're my boyfriend, or that I'm just a slut," Ashley said once her giggles had subsided. "They try to be supportive, but they still never really got it. Not really."

"Even after Mom did her thing with them?"

"Hard to say. I still can't believe she swung that. I've clearly got some things to learn from her."

Chris nodded absently. "She's got a lot of secrets and wisdom, I imagine." He traced small circles on Ashley's skin with his fingers. "Um... about that 'boyfriend' thing you said..."

"Hm? Oh, what about it?"

"I don't know, exactly. My experience with sex and relationships has been rather unorthodox. But, like, the idea of a girlfriend still sounds kinda nice."

"Sure."

Chris sighed. "Except... I couldn't really be a good boyfriend. Not when I'd be cheating literally every day whether I wanted to or not."

"Silly Chrissy. It's not cheating if everyone knows about it. It's not like I'd expect you to stop being a boytoy for all the other girls. That would hardly be fair of me."

"Oh. Then..."

Ashley squeezed his hand. "Yes," she said before he could properly ask.

Chris smiled. "Ok."

"You'll have to take me on dates sometimes though. Or maybe I'll take you. You have to, is the point."

"That sounds reasonable. I'd kiss you, 'cept I don't have much wiggle room with the way Mom's keeping me pinned."

"No, indeed you don't." Ashley shrugged. "That's ok. I'm kinda ready for sleep now anyway. We can talk more tomorrow. In between fucking and whatever."


"Yeah. Ok."

****

Molly was thrilled to find out that Chris and Ashley wanted to be a couple. It didn't stop her from fucking either of them at the slightest whim, but then they hadn't expected it would.

The rest of winter break was pretty much a constant orgy of threeway fucking, broken up with a few 'dates' and some snowy activities. Chris and Ashley learned that dating wasn't quite as fun or important when you were screwing each other's brains out all the time anyway.

Molly got the teens some belated presents, ostensibly as a celebration of their relationship, though Chris suspected that was just an excuse. The presents were a pair of matching butt plugs modeled on Molly's cock.

"I don't want you to ever risk another day like when you first got here," Molly said. "It broke my heart seeing you all agitated and sleepless like that."

Chris rolled his eyes. "Yeah, but now that I've got you and Ashley here, and all the girls when I'm at school, I can't see lack of cock being a problem."

"Speak for yourself," Ashley said. "I don't get nearly as much butt sex as you. I'ma totally wear mine all the time."

"See," Molly said. "Some people are appreciative of thoughtful presents."

"Uh huh," said Chris. "Well, I think it might be more thoughtful if you weren't just excited about me always having a replica of your cock in my butt."

"That has nothing to do with it," Molly insisted, even while slowly stroking herself. "On an unrelated note, how about trying them on and making sure they fit?"

Chris wasn't even remotely fooled, but he also had never really played with many sex toys before, let alone such a magnificent specimen of a butt plug. He was intrigued enough not to put up a fuss.

He and Ashley lubed each other up, then tried to sit on their respective dildo-plugs. It turned out not to be as easy as they expected, even with all their experience taking cocks up their butts. They had to do all the work, with no one pushing and guiding from the other end, plus the toys weren't quite stiff enough that they could simply let gravity help them out.

Molly didn't assist hardly at all. She was too busy jerking off while watching with wide, bright eyes as her son and his girlfriend struggled to stuff their butts totally full.

Chris finally groaned in triumph as he made the last bit of his butt plug disappear, leaving only the flared base visible from without. The material didn't feel quite as good as a real girlcock, but it also stayed put and let him enjoy the feeling of fullness instead of immediately starting to pound him, which he appreciated. There were trade-offs.

Ashley wasn't too far behind Chris in getting her new plug in. She sighed happily and leaned over to make out with him while they were both feeling quite stuffed with facsimiles of his mom's cock.

Once they'd adjusted enough to be able to move, the two horny little butt sluts crawled over to Molly and began worshipping her delicious erection. They licked and sucked all up and down its length, even down to her balls and asshole.

Chris cautiously fingered Molly's spit-lubed butthole, and she moaned in approval. He worked more fingers in until he was totally fisting his mom's ass.

While Chris was exploring Molly's butt, Ashley got too horny to just keep lavishing oral attention. She pooped out her plug and hopped onto Molly's cock to go for a ride. Since she was all stretched out already, she got going pretty quickly.

Chris fisted his mommy a while longer while watching her cock get repeatedly swallowed by Ashley's butt. He, too, couldn't hold out forever without getting some real action. He pulled his hand free, then replaced it with his drooling erection.

The three deviants fucked around with each other to their cocks' content, cumming in and on each other many, many times. The new family dynamic was odd, but oh so satisfying for all involved.

****

Part Six: Return to Futaland

****

Molly drove Chris and Ashley back to Futa House at the end of winter break. Chris was a bit sad to be leaving home again now that he and his mom had their new, more sexual relationship, but he was also excited to see all his girls again.

Chris sat in the front seat next to Molly. He wore his butt plug, which forced him to sit up straight. Molly and Ashley had each dumped a couple loads up his butt that morning, so his insides were all nice and gooey for the trip.

Ashley sat in Chris's lap. She, like Chris, was naked from the waist down, excepting shoes and socks. His cock had been snugly secured in her ass, the better to amuse themselves for the journey.

Some people along the way probably noticed Ashley's cock through the window, but the car never stopped long enough for anyone to put up a fuss. Ashley got kind of embarrassed sometimes, but Chris made up for it by playing with her cock a bit while she wiggled around in his lap.

They all gladly piled out of the car upon arriving. Even while traveling sexily, there was still a limit to how long the cramped quarters could be enjoyed.

Chris and Ashley, being underdressed for winter conditions, had to make a bottomless dash for the door. Their cocks bounced around in very undignified ways, and Chris had to slow down because of how his unwieldy butt plug messed with his gait.

Natalie and Sasha were waiting just inside with big grins on their faces.

"Well well," Natalie said. "Someone's happy to be back."

"Maybe his mom didn't let them wear pants," Sasha suggested. "Or maybe Chrissy just got used to walking around like that and doesn't like wearing bottoms anymore."

"Nice to see you too," Chris said, ignoring the mild teasing.

Natalie began stripping out of her jeans. Sasha was already down to her panties, which struggled to contain her as she got hard.

"Goddamn I need some action," Sasha said as she pulled out her cock.

"I just sucked you off like an hour ago," Natalie said.

"Yeah, but it doesn't really count if it's not a boy doing it," Sasha protested. "It's not the same."

She pushed Chris to his knees and shoved her cock down his throat right there in the entryway. Chris opened wide and held still while he was face-fucked, just like the good little cock-slut he was.

While Chris was getting his face used as a cock toy, Ashley ran back to the car, still bottomless, and fetched her butt plug so she could show it off for Natalie. Natalie was suitably impressed, both by the quality of the dildo and Ashley's anal capacity.

"It's molded on Chris's mom's cock," Ashley said.

"Damn. Kinky," Natalie said. "Did Chris get one too?"

"Of course. He's wearing it right now. That's why his posture's so good. It's like having a second spine when it's all the way in."

Ashley bent over so Natalie could shove her plug in, which took some time as Natalie opted to fuck her with it for a while instead.

Molly finally had to come get the four of them to help unpack the car, since they would have been busy for hours if left to their own devices. There were a lot of half-naked dashes outside as none of them stopped long enough to put their bottoms back on. Bouncing cocks and jiggling butts kept passing Chris as he waddled around with his ass totally stuffed.

The girls all warmed up afterward by taking turns fucking Chris's butt, his mother included. They had some fun for a while, then Molly dumped a last loving load of cum into him before saying goodbye.

Once his mom was gone, Chris was taken to his bed where he spent most of the rest of the day. Natalie and Sasha shared him for a while, getting all their deprived frustrations out.

Ashley sat next to them and chatted while idly playing with herself. Her new status as Chris's girlfriend had bumped her up the social order somewhat in a way the girls all understood, but Chris didn't even pretend to grasp. As the house cock-slut, those sorts of politics didn't really affect his day to day life.

Natalie and Sasha had only just finished with Chris, leaving him a cummy and drooling mess, when the twins arrived for their turn. Beth and Layla helped each other out of their clothes, then advanced on Chris with steely hard cocks.

"Excellent," Beth said. "All warmed up for us."

"Didn't know you guys were here," Chris said.

"Only just got here," Beth said as she climbed up on the bed. "Layla wouldn't get out of our brother this morning."

Chris almost asked for clarification on that last point, then realized Beth probably meant it exactly the way it sounded.

The sisters played a half-hearted round of rock, paper, scissors, whereupon Layla won and took position at Chris's butt. Beth looked a little annoyed at having lost yet again, but she also seemed quite eager just to get her dick in Chris again, one way or another.

Beth and Layla shoved their cocks in at the same time, impaling Chris from both ends. They released mutual moans of pleasure and satisfaction.

"Oh that's good," Beth breathed. "I've missed this."

"I thought you guys were messing around with your brother," Ashley said. "Like, just this morning."

"That's different," Beth said. She waved her hand as she searched for the words. "He's... you know..."

"Family," Layla said.

"Yeah. Family," Beth agreed. "It's not the same."

Ashley tilted her head curiously. "Why not? I woulda thought that'd make it better."

"Sometimes it does," Beth said. "But, like, Chris, for instance, is a total butt slut. Always ready to go. Always ready to take a cock, and very rarely takes any convincing or warm up."

Chris took some vestigial offense to the description, but she wasn't wrong. He just didn't often hear it out loud in quite such blunt terms. It tended to just be implied and assumed rather than vocally confirmed.

"Whereas fucking our brother comes with terms and conditions," Beth continued. "He loves us and wants to help out, but he's not totally addicted to girlcock or anything. He doesn't want to be fucked all the time, and usually doesn't want me and Layla at the same time." Beth patted Chris's head. "Plus he just can't take a pounding the way Chrissy can. And his holes aren't quite so warm and soft and welcoming."

Chris felt a perverse flush of pride at being the superior fuck-toy in Beth's opinion. He wasn't actually sure how much of an achievement it was to beat out her brother for the spot, but it sure felt like one the way she told it.

Layla dug her fingers into Chris's hips and their balls slapped together as she pounded his ass hard and deep. She moaned in ecstasy as she got what she needed from his tight butthole.

Beth gave up talking for a bit to catch up with her sister. She held Chris's head firmly while grinding her cock in and out of his throat.

All the while, Ashley just sat and watched; a nude, horny spectator to the fun the other girls were having. Chris's concerns that she might get upset or jealous proved unfounded. If anything, she seemed quite interested in the close up view she got of him getting his holes roughly stuffed.

The twins gave Chris a good, thorough fucking before timing their orgasms to be almost simultaneous. A hot load of futa-cum was injected into his ass, while another forced him to swallow rapidly to avoid drowning.

The girls then switched sides, with Beth taking over Chris's ass, and Layla sticking her cock in his mouth and making him clean it off for her. It didn't faze him at all to lick cum off the dick that had just been in his butt. It was just a normal part of life for him now.

Beth and Layla had their fun with Chris, using him until they were satisfied and exhausted. They each gave him a soft kiss, then left him lying in a well-fucked daze. Their freshly sated cocks swayed between their legs as they casually walked out of the room without bothering with their clothes.

"Damn, they fucked you good," Ashley said. "Still hard to believe they're sisters sometimes. They get such a good sexual rhythm going."

"I know what you mean," said Chris. "But I honestly don't even think about it that much anymore. Getting mercilessly pounded by those two at the same time is basically just what I expect. Being related isn't quite the same taboo to futas as it is to other people, and I guess that's rubbing off on me."

"Mmhm. Speaking of rubbing off on you..."

Ashley had been very patient, but her needy erection could only wait so long. She climbed on top of Chris, straddling his chest and grinding her cock on him while he lay stunned from his recent use as a fucktoy.

"Too bad I don't have any boobies to titfuck, huh?" Chris said.

"Nah," Ashley said. "Everyone's got boobies here 'cept you. It's kinda refreshing actually. Nice smooth chest..."

She kept grinding away for a while until she got herself so worked up that she needed more. Chris's butthole was still gaping a bit, and was over-lubed thanks to all the cum sloshing around inside him. She had no problem getting in there and giving it to him good.

Ashley pushed Chris's knees up to his chest and held them there while she fucked his ass. It was an oddly comforting position to be held in, especially considering Ashley didn't generally try to dominate him the way a lot of the other girls liked to.

Ashley's vigorous fucking made Chris cum all over himself, making him more of a messy boy than he already was.

Tiffany snuck in while the horny pair were still going at it. She was wearing silky panties and a tight little cami top. She padded close and just watched for a moment while her cock grew and threatened to burst out of her underwear.

"Hey, Tiffany," Chris said. "Here for the butt sex?"

"Well of course," Tiffany said. "Ashley can finish up first, though. It's only polite."

"Sure, sure," Chris agreed. "Politeness is important."

To occupy herself in the meantime, Tiffany crawled up next to Chris and started licking puddles of cum off of him. Some of it was his own, but there was plenty from incidental messes the girls had made while using him too.

"Do you really like cum that much?" Ashley asked.

Tiffany shrugged. "Kinda. It's pretty tasty. But, like, I mostly like licking it off a boy. That's where the real fun is."

"Really? I don't think I see it."

"It's not for everyone." Tiffany took another long lick off of Chris. "But I like it."

Ashley considered. "So you don't like it straight out of a cock?"

"It's ok."

"What about if I cum in Chris's butt? Would you..." Ashley didn't even finish her question. Tiffany's eyes lit up like a kid seeing a present. "Oh god, you would too, wouldn't you?"

"Wouldn't be the first time," Chris muttered.

Sure enough, when Ashley eventually came and filled Chris's ass all up, Tiffany was ready to dive right in and suck all the gooey cum back out.

"That's so crazy," Ashley said. "That's just something you do, huh? Sucking cum out of Chris's butt?"

"Constantly," Chris answered instead. "Though I have to admit, it feels kind of nice."

Ashley watched a little while longer, then, "Can I try?"

Tiffany happily pulled the younger futa deeper into her web of corruption and let Ashley have a turn snacking on Chris's creamy bum. The girls shared his asshole until it was empty, then Tiffany took a turn pounding him and filling him back up again.

More cummy anal snacks were enjoyed until Ashley and Tiffany both found their enthusiasm flagging a bit. After that, the three of them visited the showers to clean up, and also so Tiffany could demonstrate the fun of pissing up a tight boy hole, then letting it flood back out.

Chris was unimpressed, but had put up with worse. Besides, as long as the girls were having fun, and his ass was getting filled with girlcock, he was pretty content just to abide.

****

Chris settled back into his life as a fucktoy for a couple dozen futas like he'd been born into it. His butt was well-trained and could take all the abuse they could dish out.

In fact, it was getting to the point where he couldn't sleep with an empty bum. That wasn't too much of a problem as half the time one of the girls fell asleep while still buried in him, and the rest of time either Ashley or his oversized butt plug did the trick.

Ashley spent most nights in bed with Chris. Sometimes they just cuddled, but often one of them was firmly lodged in the other's ass. Luckily none of the other girls got too jealous since their supply of boy-ass never got interrupted.

Not that there weren't still some playful fights over him from time to time. Sasha, for instance, started whining about how often Natalie got to sleep with her cock inside Chris, and thereafter would sometimes sneak in and get there first.

These little arguments would then lead to similar spats in the mornings. One morning in particular, Natalie had enough. She hadn't even had a chance for a goodnight fuck the night before, so in the morning she was grumpy enough to just start shoving Sasha off of Chris before either of them was even awake.

"Mmph, hey!" Sasha grumbled. "I had him first."

"You had him all night," Natalie said. "I didn't get to cum in him last night thanks to your shenanigans. I had to go get one of the first-year girls to take care of me. And it's just not the same."

"No, that's true," Sasha admitted. "Still, very rude cutting in like that."

Natalie glared at her. "You want to talk about rude?"

Chris wasn't quite sure what happened next. The girls verbally sparred a bit more, then graduated to some pushing and shoving, which in turn devolved into full contact wrestling.

It was quite a show. Two naked, fully erect futas grabbing, pushing, and pressing against one another all around and over top of him. He got cock-slapped more than once, purely by accident, and they fell right on top of him a couple times as well, which resulted in some boobies and ass directly to the face.

After quite a bit of scuffling, Natalie managed to pin Sasha on her tummy. Natalie's cock slid in between Sasha's ass cheeks as Sasha continued to struggle, but Natalie had a decisive upper hand.

"Get over here, Chris" Natalie said. "Lick her butt for me, would you? Get it all nice and slobbery."

"Whoa! Hey, now," Sasha said. "No need for that. We can still share Chrissy, give him a good fucking. That's what he's here for."

"Too late for that," Natalie said. "Clearly I've been slacking off. You've forgotten who's in charge here."

Sasha wiggled and squirmed, which really only had the effect of grinding her bare butt all over Natalie's hard cock. "No, I remember. You can let me go."

Natalie looked at Chris, who remained undecided. "Come on. We don't have all day."

Chris shrugged and crawled over. It took some doing getting in between the girls sufficiently for his purposes while Natalie continued to hold Sasha down. Natalie's cock bumped the back of his head while he shoved his face against Sasha's butthole and started licking.

Chris was a good little boytoy and did as he was told. He spit and slobbered all over Sasha's asshole, even tongue-fucking her a bit for good measure. Sasha chilled out a bit as she was anally licked, and cooed softly when he tried to worm his tongue deeper inside her.

Natalie finally pushed his head away when it was clear he'd keep going indefinitely. She aimed carefully, then slowly lowered herself so that her cock sank smoothly into Sasha's bum.

Chris watched wide-eyed from about as close as it was physically possible to be as Natalie's shaft disappeared inside her friend. None of the girls fucked in front of him with any kind of regularity, so it was still kind of a fun novelty when it happened, and he'd never had quite as good a view of the actual penetration.

It didn't looked like Sasha should have been able to take a cock that size up her tight little hole, yet she managed it without any difficulty. Her bum was clearly stretchier than it appeared. Chris wondered if his looked just as impossibly tight when it was getting all filled up.


Natalie pounded the shit out of Sasha, hammering her hard in an unrelenting display of pent-up lust and frustration. Natalie's butt and thighs sheened with a thin layer of sweat, and her balls slapped against Sasha in a rhythmic pattern of flesh on flesh.

"You know," Natalie said with a slight pant, "your ass is almost as good as Chrissy's. I don't know why I don't use it more often."

"Pff, whatever," Sasha said. "You just got lucky. Next time I'll be fucking your butt."

"Looks like someone's not learning their lesson," Natalie said as she took a better grip on Sasha and fucked her even harder.

Chris eventually sat back and casually stroked himself, feeling very much like Ashley in his spectator role. Usually by now, if any sort of sex was happening, he'd be right in the middle of it. His butthole felt a bit neglected as a result, but he didn't mind too much.

Natalie rolled Sasha over, pinned her legs back, and kept right on giving it to her. She must have known what was coming, because shortly afterward Sasha's cock exploded, drenching her tummy and boobies with her own cum. Even her chin and mouth took some of the blast.

The fucking didn't stop until Natalie came as well, burying her load deep inside Sasha's ass. Even then she only took a short break before going again. She sprayed her second load over Sasha's body, adding another coat to the one Sasha herself had already laid.

Natalie patted Sasha's leg as she rose. "There. Maybe that'll remind you of some things."

Only once Natalie had left the room did Sasha allow herself a wide smile.

"Well that was fun," Sasha said.

Chris, still playing with himself as he eyed Sasha's cummy body up and down, shook his head. "Good lord. Don't tell me that was what you wanted all along."

Sasha struggled to sit up, causing her creamy coating to start sliding down her tits. "Maybe." She shrugged. "Sometime I like when Nat gets all frustrated with me and gives me a good fucking. She hasn't done it in a while."

"You guys are weird."

Sasha swirled some cum on her tit. "Well, you know, we are crazy horny. It's kind of our thing."

"Don't I know it."

Sasha grinned wickedly. "Speaking of which..."

Chris submitted to the inevitable ass-fucking. Sasha penetrated him easily, then gave his butt a nice workout. He got all gooey from her second-hand cum-battering, then again when she came in him.

Afterward, she made him lick her clean. Or at least clean-ish. There was a lot of naked territory to cover with only his little tongue. She didn't seem to mind that most of his effort went to her boobies and cock.

"I feel like my diet has become half girl-cum since I moved in here," Chris mused as Sasha was preparing to leave.

"That's probably not all that far off," Sasha agreed. "If you're worried about it, we could always get you in to see a doctor."

"This hypothetical doctor wouldn't happen to be one of you, would she?"

Sasha's eyes glinted. "Maaayyybe. She'd give one hell of a prostate exam, I'll say that."

"Thought so."

****

Chris's next meeting with Miss Carlyle was directly in her classroom. He was a bit nervous about that, since their irregular fuck-sessions had always been in more private locations before.

"I wouldn't worry about it," Melissa told him beforehand while they were banging in the bathroom after class. "Miss Carlyle's from Futa House. She knows how to protect our boytoy in public locations."

"I'd feel more confident about that if our bathroom fucks hadn't become something of a spectacle," Chris grumbled.

And, indeed, Melissa had been bringing him to the same place at the same time for so long that the girls who wanted to use the facilities had simply become used to it. They'd walk past the fucking pair with a casual greeting, then go into one of the stalls or just stand at the sink and fix their makeup like nothing out of the ordinary was happening.

Shawna still showed up frequently to play around with Chris. She had her own strapon now, and she'd use it on his butt just as naturally as if she was a futa herself.

Some of the other girls coming in would sometime give Chris a few spanks on the butt, or stroke his cock a bit, or just watch and play with themselves.

"Don't be silly," Melissa said. "This is just a bit of fun. No one minds."

"Except maybe me?" Chris hinted.

"Yeah, I guess." Melissa slapped his butt. "You love it though."

"Do not."

"Whatever."

After being thoroughly butt-fucked and cum-dumped within, Chris was led to a classroom he'd never been in before. Miss Carlyle was waiting for him, as were a pair of girls standing off to the side.

"Christopher MacKenzie," said Miss Carlyle. "So nice of you to join us finally."

Chris thought about protesting that the time of his arrival had very little to do with him, then thought better of it. It wouldn't get him anywhere.

"It's a testing day," Miss Carlyle continued, "and I get ever so bored with them. I think I'll have you help pass the time."

"What, while there are students in here?" Chris asked.

"Yes. But don't worry. You'll be under the desk. No one will see you."

Chris looked over at the unfamiliar girls. "Um..."

"Oh don't worry about my lovely assistants, Shelly and Justine. They know all about what I'm like. Don't you, ladies?"

The girls rolled their eyes, but nodded assent. "Yes, Miss C."

"Now, then. Better take off your clothes, little Christopher," Miss Carlyle said. "My students will be arriving any minute now."

Chris hesitated, but then Melissa started stripping him anyway. He was soon naked in the middle of a classroom that was about to be filled with students, and indeed already contained some unfamiliar faces. Despite himself, he was kind of turned on, as well as understandably nervous.

He was made to crawl under Miss Carlyle's desk and kneel on a padded mat underneath. She then pulled out her large cock and sat down at the desk.

"Open wide," she said as she pushed forward and guided her cock into Chris's mouth.

Once Miss Carlyle was in position, Chris had his throat quite well filled without any of the inappropriate scene being visible from the rest of the room. That wasn't so bad, in some ways. The only minor difficulty was that Chris couldn't breathe.

He tapped Miss Carlyle's leg softly at first, then more insistently as he began to panic. She reached down and stroked his hair reassuringly.

"I know you can't breathe very easily," she said. "But you'll have to figure it out. Everyone else who goes down there does, and you're more an expert than most of them."

Chris struggled, but there was no room to get off the massive, throat-invading teacher-cock. He found that if he pulled back all the way with the space he had, he could sort of breathe around Miss Carlyle's shaft. If he stayed like that too long, however, she'd reach in and pull him down to her balls, then hold him there a moment while he gagged and drooled.

He gradually figured out a rhythm that kept Miss Carlyle happy, while also not choking himself to death. He had to alternate greedily sucking in what air he could with deepthroating her massive lady-cock. Fondling and massaging her balls seemed to help buy him more leniency as well.

The sounds of students entering and taking their seats trickled down to Chris under the desk. He was supremely vulnerable, naked and face-fucked as he was, but he wasn't terribly nervous about being discovered by a whole class of onlookers. He was pretty sure Miss Carlyle knew what she was doing, even if she was doing it purely for her own sexual amusement.

It took a while for all the chatting and shuffling to die down, then much longer still for the actual test to be written. Chris had never given such a long blowjob, let alone on such a mighty shaft. His jaw was aching really quite badly by the end.

He made Miss Carlyle cum halfway through and had to somehow swallow her whole cum load without alerting anyone that he was there. His best bet seemed to be taking her as deep as possible and minimizing the distance her cum had to travel to his tummy. Less chance of choking or drowning that way.

Chris was quite dazed by the time he was dragged out from under the desk. The room was empty by that time, save for Miss Carlyle, Sherry, and Justine.

"Not bad, little one," Miss Carlyle said approvingly. "I knew you could do it. Even a long session like this."

"Gee, thanks," Chris mumbled with what little sarcasm he could muster.

"Now then, I have things to do, so we better make this quick."

Chris didn't bother asking what was left to do. With horny futas, it was almost always the same thing.

He bent over the desk, sticking his bum out wantonly. It, unlike his mouth and throat, was still quite ready for action, and was in fact feeling a bit neglected.

Sherry, or possibly Justine since Chris didn't know who was who, approached with a bottle of lube. She drizzled some down his ass crack, then rubbed it in with her fingers. She even stuck her fingers right inside him, coating his insides too.

Justine, or possibly Sherry, massaged lube onto Miss Carlyle's cock in the meantime. Neither girl acted like this was at all new to them.

Miss Carlyle then gave Chris a good ass-pounding right there in her classroom while Sherry and Justine lounged around and chatted. It was a bit painful at first, since Miss Carlyle's cock was one of the biggest he'd ever taken and he hadn't been warmed up properly, not since back before he'd ben stuck under her desk, but his butt soon stretched out and accommodated her more easily.

All the rest of Miss Carlyle's pent up cum was dumped deep inside Chris over a moderate length fuck session. She eventually pulled out, smacked his butt, then dressed herself.

"Alright, girls," she said. "He's all yours. Just make sure he gets home safely afterward."

"Yes Miss C," Sherry and Justine chorused together.

The girls stripped out of their bottoms without any obvious hesitation or embarrassment. Chris was intrigued as he didn't see many pussies flaunted around him. Mostly just cock. They didn't seem to mind him staring.

Once of the girls pulled out a strapon from her bag and helped the other into it. Chris wasn't particularly surprised by this turn of events.

The girls positioned him so he was bent over the desk facing the long way, then the one with the strapon walked up behind him while the other got up on top of the desk.

"You don't mind eating pussy, do you?" the girl on the desk asked. "I mean, I s'pose I should ask, since I know you're more of a cock boy."

Chris almost argued the point, then decided not to. He'd never had anything against pussy by any means. It just wasn't on offer most of the time, was all. Plus he'd grown really quite fond of girlcock.

"Yeah, I'm down for it," he said. "But, uh, can I just ask which of you is which? I think I didn't quite get a proper introduction."

The girl behind Chris was already rubbing the tip of her strapon up and down his butt crack. "Well crap, that's rude of is, isn't it? I'm Justine. My friend on the desk is Sherry. We work for Miss C, and sometimes get to play with her toys when she's done."

"It's not a bad job," Sherry agreed. "You don't mind us playing with you a bit, do you? We'll take you right home afterward."

Chris shrugged. "It's fine with me. I'll just warn you ahead of time, I'm probably not great at licking pussy."

"Pff, that's ok," Sherry said. "Lots of boys aren't. Girls too, for that matter. Enthusiasm and the willingness to learn are all I'm looking for."

"I'm pretty obedient, if that counts."

"Sure does!"

Sherry spread her legs in front of Chris and guided his face toward her cunt. She was quite wet already, probably from watching him get hammered by Miss Carlyle previously.

Chris licked her eagerly, though with some reservation purely due to his still-aching jaw. She mostly just let him go at it, though offered pointers from time to time, and sometimes played with his hair while he ate her out.

Justine fucked him from behind while he licked Sherry. She went pretty gentle on him, though that might just have been gentle as relative to the futas he was used to. His basis for comparison was quite skewed in that respect.

After a nice little orgasm, Sherry rolled over and let Chris eat her ass for a while. He was much more familiar and experienced in that area. Her moans increased in volume and frequency as a direct result.

Chris was still worried that someone might walk in, since the three of them hadn't taken any pains to prevent such a scenario, but possibly students knew not to barge into this classroom in particular. Also, upon reflection, it wasn't like he'd mind all that much. Privacy and dignity were both things of the past.

After having her fun, Justine switched with Sherry to have a turn getting her pussy and ass licked too. Sherry took over pounding Chris's butt, while also adding some spanking and eventually a reach-around handjob as well.

Chris eventually came all over the side of the desk and the floor below. Sherry giggled and gave his ass a last few slaps before pulling out.

The girls straightened themselves out and got dressed, then helped Chris do the same. He almost went along with it until he realized they were about to outfit him in a girls' clothes.

"Hey, what the hell?" he asked.

"What?" Sherry said innocently.

"You're putting me in panties," Chris said. "And Justine's got a skirt there. What happened to the clothes I came with?"

"I think your friend must have accidentally taken them," Justine said just a tad too angelically to be believable.

"Great," Chris said. "So I either go naked, or as a girl?"

"Not as a girl," Sherry assured him. "Just dressed like one."

"That's not any better."

"It'll look good on you," Justine said. "You're such a pretty boy. You can pull it off."

Chris glared at her, but she and Sherry were smiling so winsomely that it was hard to stay upset with them. It didn't hurt that Sherry was kneeling in front of him with the pair of panties she wanted to dress him in, which allowed him a nice view down her shirt.

"Fine," he said. "Whatever. It's not like I have much dignity left to lose at this point."

"That's the spirit!" Sherry said. "Now lift your leg for me, would you?"

Justine gave Chris a soft peck on the cheek, while also pressing her boobs against him. "It'll be ok," she promised.

"Yeah, yeah. If you say so."

The girls got Chris all dressed up in panties, skirt, and a cute little top. At least they left him his regular shoes and didn't try to make him wear heels or something.

They then walked him home while flanking him and holding his hands. He got some looks, but he was used to that. He was accompanied by one or more girls from Futa House any time he went out, so stares happened. They just did.

Sherry and Justine chatted away like there was nothing untoward occurring, like it was just another day of escorting a boy home after dressing him like a girl. Since they worked with Miss Carlyle, it might actually have been a common thing for them.

Unsurprisingly, Chris was cooed over the moment he got inside the house. The girls present all seemed to agree that his outfit was quite cute and sexy on him, and he was soon bent over so his panties could be pulled down and a cock shoved up his ass.

Sherry and Justine stuck around long enough to have tea and watch Chris get thoroughly butt-fucked for a while, then took their leave.

Chris's gang-bang carried on, as it so often did, until bedtime. He was finally able to remove his girly outfit and crawl into bed with Ashley. It was her turn to get to sleep with his cock up her butt, rather than vice versa, so he made do with the dildo-plug he'd received from his mom at Christmas. Then it was time for some well-earned sleep.

****

Final exams eventually rolled around. Much like the Christmas exam season, everyone was a bit on edge. The girls were all clamoring for more time with Chris as stress relief, and he was doing his best but only had so many holes and so much time.

Out of desperation, some of the girls even started accepting handjobs from Chris while he was otherwise occupied, though they all still preferred blowjobs or ass-fucks. Another tactic they used was to sometimes suck each other off while waiting, just to ease the pressure a little.

Natalie was a champ through the whole process. She kept on top of scheduling well enough that only a few fights broke out, and often didn't even use Chris herself until bedtime. She took even more turns sleeping with him as her cock-sheath than usual, but she'd earned the privilege as far as he was concerned. Ashley concurred and wasn't too put out by missing out on some cozy, sexy snuggles.

Chris was left with exactly zero time to prepare for his own exams, but that continued to not be an issue. Much like the whole rest of the year and the previous run of exams, his academic needs were met with or without his actual participation. He didn't know how, precisely, but he was assured he'd pass with flying colours, despite never even managing to show up to write his tests.

Chris was pretty well alone in not having any cares or worries. The constant flood of girls using him to take the edge off meant that he was taking even more cock and cumshots that usual, which was already quite a ridiculous amount.

His ass was constantly overflowing with cum, and likewise he was hardly eating any actual food at all since his tummy was getting so filled up with semen. His face was often cummy to the point of being unrecognizable, and he generally just got used to being a sloppy, gooey mess for the duration. Quick shower breaks didn't help much when there was always another girl waiting impatiently to paint him right up again.

Chris finally made time after lights out one night to sneak over to Ashley's room. She'd been so easy going about not getting much time together, and he felt bad about not seeing her more, even though it wasn't really his fault.

He crept naked down the hall in spite of the risk he was taking should he get caught. Any of the girls who saw him might very well decide he was fair game for another round of butt fucking.

Ashley was in bed with her bedside lamp on, and the main light off. She had her phone out and propped up on her leg with a porn video playing. Her hands were both wrapped around her cock.

"Oh, hey," she said with a big smile. "Wasn't expecting you."

"I wanted to see you," Chris said as he shut the door and padded closer. "You don't have to jerk off by yourself, you know. I woulda taken care of you."

Ashley shrugged. "I didn't want to bother you. You're so busy these days."

Chris gave her a kiss. "You wouldn't bother me. I love fucking around with you."

"Even though you're getting pounded all day already?"

"Of course. It's different with you. I love the girls, don't get me wrong, but I'm primarily a cum dump for them." Chris ran his fingers along Ashley's cheek. "It actually means something with you."

Ashley flushed. "Well when you put it that way..."

She put her phone away and kissed Chris back. She pulled him into bed with her, then rolled around with him and got their horny, naked bodies writhing together in the sheets.

It didn't take Ashley long before she had Chris pinned and was grinding her big, hard cock against his smaller but equally hard erection. Her eyes gradually lost focus as her lust built to unmanageable levels. Trying to take care of herself had only left her wilder and needier now that her boy had arrived.

Chris pulled his legs back so Ashley could pin them up out of the way. He sighed contentedly as she rubbed her cock up and down his ass, slicking up his butthole with her copious precum.

They came together for a kiss as Ashley slowly entered Chris's well-used rear hole. She filled his ass up with her cock while also sticking her tongue deep into his mouth. Her tits pressed gently against his chest while his legs were forced even further back, really stretching his thighs.


Ashley stayed still for a few moments, allowing Chris that brief time to enjoy being anally filled the way he liked, then started fucking him smooth and deep.

Their fucking built into a hard pounding. Ashley really let herself loose, taking out all her pent up sexual frustration on Chris's sweet little ass.

He smiled happily at her expression as she panted and grunted just above him. She clearly needed this, and it made him all warm and fuzzy to help her feel so good.

Ashley unleashed a backed-up torrent of cum into Chris's bum, but kept right on fucking him while pumping out her creamy semen. She worked him continuously until her second orgasm, then finally gave in to her body's need for a break.

She rolled over, cock slurping as it exited Chris's gooey butt. The two of them lay side by side for a bit, just breathing and cooling down.

"Well, you were right," Ashley said. "I needed that."

"Yeah. I could tell."

Ashley gave Chris a soft, lingering kiss. "You want a turn now?"

"You know, I kinda do."

"Good. I was hoping I'd get you in my butt for a while." She patted his shoulder. "You stay right where you are. I know you've had an exhausting day."

Chris lay back and let Ashley straddle him, then sink down on his cock. Her tight butthole was just as wonderful as ever and felt amazing as she snugged it around his relatively neglected erection. Sure he got his share of orgasms, but they were disproportionately anally induced. It was nice having someone to spend time with who liked taking cock as much as giving it.

Ashley happily bounced around on his shaft for a while. She let out occasional moans as she wiggled around and took Chris at different angles. He smiled as he watched her. He knew almost exactly what kind of lovely sensations she was feeling, albeit probably not with quite the same accompanying fullness that he usually experienced, since the cocks he took were invariably larger.

Ashley rode Chris until he came in her ass. She squeezed and milked him for every last bit, then without climbing off him she grabbed her dick and started jerking off.

It was a little hard to believe that she'd still feel the need to masturbate after all that, mostly because she could always have another go in his ass if she wanted. However, she giggled in delight as she sprayed cum all over his chest and face, so he supposed that had been the real goal all along.

She licked him partly clean again, then curled up with him so they could be all nakey and messy together. It was time for some much needed sleep.

****

The end of exam season was a relief for everybody. Chris was given back some of his free time, and the rest of the girls were able to relax and not worry about studying or writing tests.

There was a certain melancholy too. End of year meant everyone going their separate ways again, just like at Christmas break, only for the whole summer instead.

The girls of Futa House held a final big party as a send off of sorts. Chris was kind of surprised at how many people attended from outside the house itself. It kind of made sense since there was music, alcohol, and some pick up sports happening out on the sunny lawn. It also made sense that some of the less open-minded or adventurous guests left as soon as the girls started getting too rowdy.

A spot had been made for Chris to hang out off to the side where it wasn't quite so obvious when someone decided they wanted to play with him. He lounged out in the sun naked, occasionally sucking a cock or taking it up the ass when someone needed to calm down. There were enough boys around without shirts and girls in bikini tops that the hormones were getting all stirred up.

Ashley split her time between mingling and socializing, and keeping Chris company. She made sure to bring him drinks and keep him hydrated since it was a warm day and he wasn't able to move around hardly at all.

"Ooh, look at that," Ashley said.

Chris craned his neck around, first trying to peer past Lily who was currently fucking his ass, then following Ashley's gaze off to the side. Beth and Layla had taken a boy off behind a large tree where there was a certain amount of privacy from most of the partiers. They each got their cock out and shoved them in the boy's face as he knelt in front of them.

"Huh," Chris said. "Would you look at that."

Ashley giggled as she watched. "You know, if you hadn't been such a little boy-slut, everyone might have had to branch out and be more social to get their needs met. We coulda had more parties like this for sure."

"Yeah, maybe." Chris grinned back at her with only a faint hint of embarrassment. "But I am pretty much a slut, and I like having more cock than I know what to do with."

"You sure do."

Ashley leaned over and kissed Chris, then they settled back to watch more of the activity out in the yard. Lily finished up in Chris in the meantime, and almost immediately replaced by Steph.

A semi-serious game of volleyball had been happening around a net set up on the lawn. The stakes had gotten higher when clothes started coming off. Chris was entirely unsurprised to see the game devolve into some form of strip-volleyball.

It was far more interesting just how many non-futas had remained either in the game or spectating it. Sure some of them were sufficiently inebriated to explain things, but others seemed to be having just as much fun as if girls getting their cocks out was a normal thing for them.

Jan and Talia were making out in a lounger not far from where Chris and Ashley were stationed. The two of them had attracted a small audience, probably due to 'hot lesbian shit' going on. The crowd didn't even disperse that much when Talia got her cock out and Jan started sucking on it.

"I guess we're kind of improving relations today, huh?" Chris said.

"Something like that, sure," Ashley agreed. She pointed. "Nat certainly seems to think so."

Chris followed her finger. Sure enough, Natalie was talking to a group of people by the front steps of the house. She had Sasha beside her, totally bottomless, and was demonstrating something or other on her friend. An anatomy lesson of sorts, it seemed.

"It's just gonna be a naked orgy by the end of the day, isn't it?" Chris said.

"One can only hope," Ashley mused.

"What?"

"Well, you know, it'd be neat. And sexy."

"Would it?"

Ashley squirmed a bit. "Well... I mean... sexy things could happen."

"Something in particular?"

Ashley waited until Steph came all over Chris, then left them alone. "I've kinda had this feeling lately like it'd be nice if maybe you and another boy, like... you know. At the same time."

Chris arched an eyebrow. "You want to get fucked by me and another guy?"

"Kinda." Ashley went red. "Just, like, it was nice having you and your mom do me together. I've been thinking about it a bit recently. Is that too weird?"

"No, not really." He considered. "Like, definitely a guy? Or if one of the girls was up for it would that be ok?"

"Yeah, that'd be fine. Just, like, I want it to be someone who'd interested in me, at least a bit."

"Oh, yeah, fair enough." Chris lay back. "Well, I mean, if you find someone, we can definitely make it happen."

"Thanks." Ashley shrugged. "I don't know if I'm quite brave enough to ask anyone though."

"Really? Why not?"

"Because unlike you, I'm not the object of a whole houseful of girls' sexual desires. It's not as easy for me."

Chris nodded. "I do have a somewhat unique perspective on things these days, for sure." He grabbed Ashley's arm and pulled her into his chair. "But I can definitely say that you have my attention."

Ashley laughed nervously and looked around to see if anyone was watching. "Stop. There are all these strangers here."

"So?"

She playfully fought him as he tugged at her bottoms, and only grudgingly gave in and let herself be partially stripped. She was much happier as soon as she was able to sit on Chris's cock and get it all up her butt.

"You're mean," she said. "Everyone can see."

"Everyone could already see. Nobody's bothered us over here even though I've been taking girl-dicks for the past couple hours."

"That's different."

In spite of her protests, Ashley really started getting into riding Chris and not worrying about being so publicly exposed while doing so. She got a bit startled when Kelly came over and fed Chris her cock, but got right back in her groove after that.

After Chris eventually came in Ashley's butt and she got back to her chair, Shawna approached with another girl in tow.

"Man, you guys are getting even crazier than the last time I was here," Shawna said.

Chris shrugged. "It's got very little to do with me."

Ashley snorted. "It's more to do with you than you'll admit."

"Doesn't."

Ashley gestured at Shawna. "Well she's only here 'cause of you, right?"

"She's right," Shawna said. "I was, uh, hoping you'd be up for playing a little?"

"He always is," Ashley said before Chris could respond.

Chris couldn't really argue with her assessment, nor did he much want to. Shawna was already getting out of her clothes, though she left her shirt on. She was a bit nervous about the public setting, but didn't let it stop her. She had, of course, brought along a strapon that she casually slid into place on her body.

Shawna's friend stared wide-eyed as Shawna impaled Chris and butt-fucked him right where he lay. "This is so crazy," she whispered.

"Told ya," Shawna said. "The rules are all different here. I'm thinking next year I wanna hang out a lot more."

Ashley casually stroked her cock as she watched Shawna pegging Chris. She glanced at the amazed and uncertain friend. "You can come sit, if you want." She made room on her lounger. "I'm Ashley, by the way. And the cute boy getting his ass pounded is Chris."

Shawna started a bit. "Oops, sorry, where are my manners. This is Morgan. She's a bit shy, but she really wanted to see this place and the people I kept talking about."

Morgan flushed a bright red, but finally sat next to Ashley. "Hi," she said quietly.

It took a while, but with some calm discussion, and enough time just sitting and watching, Morgan slowly uncurled from herself. Eventually when Chris looked over at the two of them again, Morgan was tentatively playing with Ashley's cock. Ashley met his eyes and shrugged, and was totally unable to keep a small grin off her face.

Chris smiled back and watched Morgan experimentally slide her hand up and down Ashley's shaft. He remembered the novelty of such lovely big cocks attached to girls back when he'd first discovered them, even though they were basically just his life these days.

Ashley gently encouraged Morgan to use her mouth as well as her hand, and gradually negotiated her way to getting a blowjob from the shy girl. It took a series of baby steps to progress Morgan from stroking to kissing and licking, then sucking on the tip, and finally taking it in her mouth.

Things were getting sexier all around the yard. Most of the futa girls were partly or fully naked, many of them working on seducing either each other or some of the guests. Varying degrees of success were had.

Chris took a visual sweep around the yard, focusing on any little pockets of sexiness he could spot. There were so many to choose from.

The volleyball players were almost all down to their underwear, if not further. At least a few hard cocks were hindering their owners' movements.

Jan and Talia had disappeared, but Beth and Layla were still very active. They'd managed to talk their boy into trying to deepthroat them, and were taking turns attempting to shove their cocks all the way inside him. So far they hadn't managed it.

Natalie was continuing her educating demonstration, and currently had Sasha on her hand and knees while slowly penetrating her from behind. Sasha quite happily got her ass filled up in front of their small crowd of onlookers. No shame from either of them.

Rachel was sitting with a boy of her own, and they each had a hand on the other's penis, just messing around a bit. Alanna had found a girl to make out with nearby, and Kelly was sneaking off into the house with a boy in tow.

Things were getting out of control all over the yard, including right next to Chris where Ashley was still trying to convince Morgan to take her cock all the way in her throat. In the drunken, horny theme of the day, it seemed like very little was off-limits.

"You know," Chris said, "this could be a good time for that little fantasy of yours."

Ashley tilted her head. "In what way?"

"Well, Shawna's got her strapon, and she's clearly into some weird stuff just like the rest of us."

"Hey, I'm right here," Shawna said. "But, uh, what kind of weird stuff are we talking about?"

Chris grinned. "Oh, you know, just fucking Ashley in the butt instead of me, is all."

Shawna and Ashley looked at each other, weighing their options.

Ashley smiled and nodded first. "Yeah. That could be fun."

Shawna shrugged. "What the hell. I'll give it a try."

They rearranged themselves and got appropriately lubed up. Shawna slowly entered Ashley's butt while Chris fed Ashley his cock. Morgan knelt just to the side and toyed with Ashley's cock as she got doubly penetrated.

Since neither Shawna or Chris had cocks nearly as big as what Ashley had proven she could take, they were able to really go at her. Ashley urged them on until she was really getting pounded from both ends. She looked up at Chris with big, adoring eyes even as she was face-fucked to the point of drooling all over herself and his shaft.

Chris held Ashley's head with a loose grip on her hair. He alternated making eye contact with her, and watching Shawna's strapon thrust in and out of her tight little ass.

Morgan shrieked and pulled her hand away as Ashley suddenly came. She laughed at her own skittishness, then jerked Ashley the rest of the way through her orgasm.

Shortly after that, Chris came as well. Ashley greedily sucked up most of his cum, but some leaked out of her mouth and added to the mess on her face.

Chris got very little time to appreciate Ashley's slutty, glazed face. He was grabbed from behind and dragged away by someone he hadn't seen coming. Judging by the soft boobs and hard cock rubbing against him, he didn't have to worry about it being anyone he didn't know.

"Sorry to interrupt," Natalie said.

Chris relaxed further at the sound of her voice. "Shouldn't sneak up on me like that."

"Yeah, maybe not. It wasn't all that sneaky though, really. You were just quite intent on face-fucking your girlfriend."

Chris flushed. "Well... yeah."

Natalie patted his shoulder. "Anyway, we're gonna have a real problem on our hands if you don't start taking care of the girls. Lots of horny futas looking for some action."

"I've been here the whole time. They knew where I was."

"Yeah, but we have to step up service. Get 'em moving quicker."

The plan for stepping up service, as it turned out, involved sticking Chris right in the middle of the yard. Natalie got him settled semi-comfortably on the lawn with his face down and his ass stuck wantonly up in the air. It was quite an exposed and vulnerable position considering the number of guests around.

He felt better as soon as Natalie started licking his butthole, then pushing her cock inside. In his mind, things were always going to be ok as long as he was filled up with girlcock.

Natalie gave Chris a nice hard ass-fucking right in the middle of the horny, tipsy crowd. Noises of curiousity and appreciation filtered through to him, but mainly he zoned right out into boytoy butt slut mode. Natalie's cock up his bum was the only thing that really mattered, and the only thing he paid any attention to.

Natalie pumped him full of cum, then pulled out, smacked his butt, and made room for the next girl. He was claimed again before his bottom could even close its gape.

Chris let his mouth hang open in a sexed-up daze as he was anally railed again in his most public forum yet. He took it up the ass like a pro and let his insides get painted with another layer of girl-cum.

A whole string of girls had been attracted by the sight of their favourite boy getting ruthlessly fucked in the middle of the lawn, and Chris wasn't given any breathing room at all. As soon as one finished up inside him, or occasionally all over him, another was right there to keep his butthole all nicely stretched out.

Chris was fucked into as sloppy a mess as he'd ever been. So much cum was dumped in his butt that it started squelching back out when the next girl took over. His whole body was drenched and cummy, and still more cocks found their way inside him.

He had no concept of time or keeping track of who'd taken a turn on him. He was pretty sure some were coming back for seconds and thirds, but any actual idea of who was using him at any point was totally beyond him. He'd been reduced to a free use fuckhole. More so than usual, even.

A constant parade of girlcock rammed its way in and out of Chris's slutty ass. His butt couldn't even try to close anymore, not that it was given a chance.

A few of the girls got all giggly about Chris's gape and messed around with fisting him and trying to shove in two cocks at once, but for the most part they just had their way with him and added to the sloppy abuse of his asshole. They lovingly wrecked their little boytoy, then waited for a chance to do it again.

Hours later, Chris was finally pulled to his feet. He was a gooey, incoherent mess of a boy, and didn't really understand what was happening at first. Cum poured out of his overfilled ass as soon as he was vertical.

"Come on," Ashley said, "let's get you cleaned up."

"More cock?" Chris said dazedly.

"No. No more cock."

"Oh."

Ashley patted his shoulder, which just made her hand sticky. "Don't worry, there'll be more later, I'm sure. I'll give you a nice slow fuck after a shower if we aren't interrupted."

Chris nodded happily. "Ok."

They were accosted by Tiffany before they could get in the house, since she couldn't resist sucking on the literal cum-fountain that Chris's bum had been turned into.

It took quite a long shower to purify Chris, once they got that far. The drain kept clogging due to the sheer volume of cum they tried to wash down it. Plus Ashley had to spend some time fisting Chris's butt and scooping out the excess that hadn't already poured out of him. It was quite the endeavour.

Chris's sluttiness had chilled by the time he and Ashley made it to his room. Even though it was still early, they just lay together cuddling for a while, with Chris seriously contemplating a nap.

"I'm really gonna miss this place over the summer," he said.

"Mmm, I know," Ashley said. "But I'll come stay with you. And you'll have your mom too."

"That's true. You're both very good to me."

Ashley giggled. "But you're right, just the two of us may not be able to keep up. You've become quite the butt slut. I used to think it was impressive when you could handle all the girls once a day. Now look at you. Once a day might not even satisfy you."

"I'm pretty hopeless, aren't I?"

"You kinda are." Ashley kissed his forehead. "But I love that about you."

****

Part Seven: All Good Things

****

Chris awoke to the decadent feeling of being gently ass-fucked. Whoever was inside him was doing her very best not to disturb him. In fact, judging by the amount of cum squishing around in there, this probably wasn't the first sneaky fuck of the morning.

Ashley was sitting up next to him with a book in her lap. One of her hands was wrapped around her cock, and she was stroking herself even more slowly than he was being fucked. She seemed to be more engrossed in her reading than in playing with herself, or with watching him get his ass stretched out.



Chris decided to feign sleep for a while longer. The slow, luxurious ass-fuck was too damn good to interrupt. If he was obviously awake, he was pretty sure he wouldn't get such delicate treatment.

A little while later, he felt the delicious spasm and flood inside his butt that meant he'd received another creamy filling. Strangely, after the girl pulled out, she nestled against his bottom and there was the faint click of a picture being taken.

Chris waited until it was just him and Ashley in the room before stirring. "What was that picture about?"

Ashley glanced down at him and smiled. "Oh, you're awake. You were pretty much dead to the world there for a while."

"So the girls decided to just fuck me anyway?"

"Well... yeah. They weren't about to leave without saying goodbye. You don't mind, do you?"

"Of course not." Chris wiggled a bit and felt the cum slosh around inside him. "Would have been nice to say goodbye too, is all."

Ashley nodded sympathetically. "Yeah, I get that. But anyway, to answer your question, the girls started taking selfies with your butthole after they finished fucking it."

"My butthole? Not my face or anything?"

"No. I guess they probably remember that part of you more fondly."

Chris frowned, but then had to concede that it made sense. "Fair enough. I know what parts of them I'll miss most, too."

Ashley giggled and ruffled his hair. "You silly little boy-slut. You really can't get enough girlcock, can you?"

Chris smiled unselfconsciously. "I really, really can't."

He pretended to be asleep as the next girl came in, and the ones after her too. He noted who it was through lidded eyes, however, so he'd know whose final fuck he was enjoying. Since they all went slow and easy on him, he got the nicest and most delightful goodbye fucks he could have ever asked for.

****

The house was so empty with all the girls gone. Chris wandered the halls one last time, feeling empty both emotionally and physically. It wouldn't just be weeks this time, it'd be months. A full summer break before he could come back and be a boytoy fuck-slut for a couple dozen horny futas. It was a depressing thought.

Ashley sensed his mood and slipped in beside him to hold his hand the rest of the way. She intertwined her fingers with his and squeezed reassuringly. They traveled down the main staircase to the ground floor together, though even her presence didn't help his wistful mood all that much.

Chris perked up a little upon finding his and Natalie's moms busy downstairs. Natalie and Sasha were 'entertaining' them while they waited.

Molly had Sasha bent over one of the couches to fuck her sweet butt, and Dia likewise had Natalie impaled on her motherly cock. The two older futas were having a lovely chat while the younger girls rolled their eyes back and panted in sheer anal pleasure.

"Is that how I look when I'm getting pounded?" Chris asked quietly.

Ashley leaned close. "Kinda. 'Cept your tits aren't as nice, and your 'getting fucked' expression's usually cuter."

"Oh sure."

Molly smiled broadly when she caught sight of Chris and Ashley. "Ah, there's my baby boy. Finally!"

She pulled out of Sasha with a slurping sound, and cum immediately leaked out from Sasha's gaping ass. Clearly they'd been at it a while. What with getting gentle 'sleepy' fucks and cleaning up afterward, Chris hadn't had a chance to get downstairs until now, so he had no real idea how long his mom had been there, except for the physical evidence Sasha presented.

Molly enfolded Chris in a big hug. Her boobs and cock pressed against him in a mix of maternal love and unrestrained lust. He buried his head in her soft cleavage for a moment, then sank to his knees without even being prompted.

Chris looked up and made confident eye contact with his mother as he licked and sucked her cock clean. It tasted mostly like her cum, but also carried the distinct flavour of Sasha's bum.

Molly let her son suck her off a bit, then bodily repositioned him next to Natalie and slid her cock up his butt. Ashley helpfully assisted in lubing him up when she couldn't quite manage the feat unaided. The problem with cleaning up was that he tended to lose all that excellent natural lubrication that girl-cum provided.

Once Molly got settled into a nice rhythm, she picked her conversation right back up with Dia like there'd been no break at all. It was amazing the way the two mothers could casually fuck their children right next to each other like it was the most ordinary thing in the world.

Natalie smiled at Chris through a slightly stunned and messy visage. He had no idea how long she'd been getting her ass totally destroyed, but she seemed to have gone quite limp, if that was any indicator.

Chris leaned over and kissed Natalie. She kissed back, her tongue slick with copious unswallowed spit.

Chris sank into the pleasant, comforting abyss of being his mommy's fucktoy. His ass got stretched to its limit and pounded without any mercy at all. He knew he wouldn't be going anywhere until Molly came at least once. Probably more.

In fact, it was her third orgasm that did the trick. Molly dumped two loads of mommy-cum in Chris's butt, then finished off her final one in his mouth. She gazed deep into his eyes as he tried desperately to swallow everything, and laughed softly as some trickled back out his nose and the corners of his lips.

Natalie was pretty well comatose by the time everyone else was ready to leave. Chris helped carry her out to Dia's car and get her all settled in, then gave her a final peck on the cheek.

He got a big, nakey hug and kiss from Sasha before she climbed in with Natalie. Dia, too, got in a hug and quick grope before winking and taking off.

Chris, Molly, and Ashley were the very last to depart. They made sure everything was packed away in Molly's car, then got themselves settled.

Chris sat on Ashley's lap, snugly impaled on her cock. She idly fondled him as they got on the road, but mostly they just enjoyed cuddling with each other in such an intimate and risky way.

Molly reached over to play with Chris a bit when they hit red lights, or once they were cruising on the highway. Mostly she just smiled at seeing the two teenagers so happy together.

They switched seating about halfway through the journey. Ashley took over driving, and Molly sat Chris down on her cock instead. She was an even cozier seat since she filled Chris up more with her mommy-cock, and had softer curves for him to rest against.

Chris settled back happily against his mom's breasts and rubbed the bulge in his tummy where her cock was making itself known. He felt so full and loved in her lap.

"Hey, Mom?" he said.

Molly kissed his neck. 'Yes, baby?"

"I was just wondering, like, it's ok if I go back again next year, right?"

"Well... yeah, of course it is. Why wouldn't it be?" Molly sounded concerned. "Did somebody say something?"

"No, no. I just thought, like, maybe it was silly for you to be spending money on my education when basically all I did all year was take cocks up my butt. I mean, I guess I learned some stuff, but-"

"You silly boy," Molly said. "It's all paid for. Futa House isn't going to not take care of its boys."

"Yeah, for real," Ashley said. "You didn't know that?"

"How would I?" Chris said. "No one ever told me."

Molly laughed and nuzzled at him from behind. "Baby boy, you're free to pursue your education as much or as little as you want. As long as you keep the girls happy, you've pretty well got the world in the palm of your hand."

"So, like, I could choose just to be an inanimate fucktoy all day every day and that'd be fine?"

"If that's what you want. I'd like it if you were a tiny bit more ambitious than that, but I will love and support as long as you're doing what you want to do."

"And as long as you get a piece of that sweet ass every now and then?" Ashley suggested with an impish grin.

"Yes. That too," Molly agreed.

****

They eventually made it home. All three of them were horny messes by that point. Chris would have been content being carried off to bed and fucked wantonly for the rest of the day. Molly, however, insisted that they needed to unpack first. She was clearly tempted to skip that step, judging by the way she looked at both Chris and Ashley, and the way precum drooled from her steely hard cock.

Chris didn't remember to be embarrassed about their collective lack of proper clothing until he returned to the car to grab a second load of stuff. He flushed red as he realized they were all walking around outside partly or fully naked, with three stiff erections carelessly bouncing around.

"Shit," he said.

"What's that?" Molly asked as she came out the door behind him.

"We're not dressed."

"Yeah. So?"

A car cruised down the street past their driveway, and across the road Chris could see someone watching from their window. He had no idea how many people had already seen the three of them. And yet, his mother didn't seem the least bit concerned.

Chris frowned. "Mom? I may not want to know the answer to this question, but how many of our neighbours have you had sex with?"

Molly tilted her head innocently. "Total? Or recently?"

"Yeah, nevermind. I should have guessed."

No wonder she didn't care and no one else seemed to either. For all he knew, he was the last person on the block to figure out Molly's secret.

"You're not mad about that, are you?" Molly asked. "Just 'cause your mommy's a bit... slutty."

Chris shook his head. "No, of course I'm not mad about that. I'm just as slutty. Maybe sluttier."

"Mmm, and I'm so proud of you."

Molly pulled him in for a lingering kiss. Chris fidgeted a bit knowing that at least one person was watching, and he truly had no idea how many eyes were on them. Still, he couldn't resist his mom's luscious body and loving embrace.

"It just would have been nice if I wasn't the last to know," he whispered a little sulkily.

"I know, baby. Trust me, I know. But I really think it's better that you discovered yourself with some friends your own age. I wouldn't have been able to live with myself if I'd tried something you didn't want."

"That's fair. It sucks, is all." Chris patted Molly's butt as he broke away and grabbed another bag from the car. "You'll just have to make it up to me."

Molly's eyes were smoldering as he turned to face her again. "Believe me, I will."

****

Much to Chris's delight, Molly wasted no time fulfilling her promise. He'd only just started unpacking in his room when she came in and threw him on his bed. She jumped on top of him and ravaged his butthole without even waiting to see if he was ready.

Ashley took over unpacking, having decided that she'd be sharing Chris's room. She rearranged his things to make room for hers as well. Only once everything was put away to her satisfaction did she come lie next to Chris and stick her ass wantonly up in the air.

Molly alternated fucking the two horny, teenage butt sluts for a while. Eventually Chris got up and stuck his cock in Ashley's face to give her the double fucking that she enjoyed so much. Naturally, he took his turn getting fucked by both her and Molly afterward.

They moved out to the backyard toward the early evening, once their hunger got the better of them. Molly set up some burgers on the barbecue and they rotated turns watching the food while the other two fucked around.

Chris was once again slightly embarrassed when Mrs. Lynn from next door poked her head over the fence. He was riding Molly's cock as she lay on her back in a lounger at the time. His anxiety faded when he realized that Mrs. Lynn wasn't even fazed. Presumably she'd taken similar rides before.

Goddamn his mom was a slut. Neither of them could help themselves, it seemed.

After Mrs. Lynn was finished chatting with Molly, and once the burgers were done, the fucking was put on hold for a bit. Though the girls did surprise Chris by cumming all over him and his food just as he was about to eat. He rolled his eyes at their childish antics, but didn't let it stop him consuming his now cum-drenched meal.

Chris lazily rode Molly's cock once he was done eating. Then, after getting her cum-load up his butt, spent some time riding Ashley. The girls sunbathed in the last of the evening light while getting some excellent anal servicing, and only reluctantly gave in and went inside when it started to cool down.

The three of them stayed up watching a movie and snuggling on the couch. Chris rode Molly and Ashley a few more times each, but eventually was all worn out, and the girls weren't even horny enough to make him keep going. They were sated for the time being.

Molly sat in the middle of the two younger ones, holding them cozily against her soft, luscious body. She stroked their hair and lulled them into deeply relaxed states. She smiled when Chris started sucking on her nipple without really being aware of what he was doing.

Eventually, she had to lead Chris and Ashley up to bed and get them all tucked in. Since she knew her son so well, she made sure to lube Ashley up and delicately slide her into his butt so he could get a nice, restful sleep.

****

Chris woke up the next morning to a cock poking his butt, and another pressing against his lips. Without even thinking about it, he opened his mouth wide enough to suck on the tip of the offered erection. The one at his asshole slowly spread him open and made its way slowly and deliciously deeper inside him.

He initially assumed that it was his mom and Ashley giving him a lovely wake up call. It made sense, given that they were the only other two in the house. He frowned as he realized that neither cock felt quite right.

He cracked his eyes, and was puzzled to find Natalie smiling down at him as he suckled on her cock head.

"The hell?" Chris said. "I thought... am I imagining things?"

"Nope," Natalie said. "It's really us."

"But... we all just went home."

"Yeah, we did." Natalie shrugged. "But your mom mighta kinda extended an open invitation for any of us to come visit whenever we wanted, so long as we took good care of you while we were here."

"As if she needed to specify," Sasha added. "I mean, that was basically a given."

Chris let a broad smile cross his lips. "Missed me already, huh?"

"You know it," Natalie said as she fed him her cock again, this time pushing it halfway into his mouth. "Just can't get enough."

Chris let himself be face-fucked a bit, then pulled his mouth clear again. "I assume Mom and Ashley know you're here."

"Of course," Natalie said. "Your mom and mine were double-teaming Ashley when we left them. That girl has serious potential. She's almost as stretchy and slutty as you, seems like."

"Yeah, she's pretty great," Chris agreed. "You think any of the other girls are gonna show up too?"

"Most of 'em sooner or later, I imagine," Natalie said. "We made sure to get in early, get some private time with our favourite boy."

Sasha punctuated Natalie's sentence by thrusting the rest of the way into Chris's butt, bottoming out with a slap of her balls against his skin. He groaned and rolled his eyes back at the feeling of being filled. Natalie waited for him to adjust, then slid her cock smoothly down his throat until she too was all the way inside.

Chris happily took his double-fucking while imagining Ashley doing the same elsewhere in the house. He would have been content spending the summer with his mom and girlfriend, but anticipating visits from the other girls too was quite exciting. He truly couldn't get enough girlcock.

Natalie and Sasha took their time and fucked him as long as they wanted, as many times as they wanted. This morning, at least, they didn't have to worry about sharing or being considerate the way they usually did. He was their fucktoy for as long as they wanted.

He was quite a mess afterward, as he often was following sessions of such length. He cleaned up in the shower and debated whether or not to get some breakfast since he'd swallowed quite a bit of cum already that morning. It turned out not to really be a relevant decision.

Molly and Dia had worn Ashley out and came looking for Chris before he could get to the kitchen anyway. He let himself be dragged back to his room for a second round of heavenly fucking.

Dia was more of a stretch than either Natalie or Sasha had been, but he was all warmed up so she had an easy enough time getting going on his ass. He stopped Molly before she could shove her cock down his throat.

"Hey, Mom?" he said.

"Yes, baby?"

"I just wanted to say thanks for everything. Like, helping me figure out who I really am, and making sure I have lots of girlcocks keeping me busy."

Molly smiled with pure motherly love. "I'm so happy you figured it out too." She ruffled his hair fondly. "Now be a good boy and suck Mommy off, yeah?"

Chris obediently opened his mouth and throat up for her, relaxing his body as much as possible to accommodate the two big cocks pushing their way inside from either end. He was, of course, perfectly happy to be his mom's fucktoy whenever she wanted, as well as any other futa who wanted to use him.

That was his life and who he wanted to be. Nothing else had ever felt so right.

