Home Invasion
byXtinaSmith2017©

No characters depicted in the story below are under the age of 18.

*****

Charlene let out a low wistful moan as she awoke, stretching out catlike under her covers as she blinked wearily, rolling sideways some to look towards her clock, feeling her massive, soft breasts shift in her loose tank top as she rolled.

Blinking against the light of her clock she squinted, it's green led digits almost blinding her in the absolute black of her room.

She frowned a little in confusion as the lights declared it to be only three in the morning, she was usually a heavy sleeper, waking only for her alarm and even then, oft times that was a struggle.

Shrugging lightly to herself and thinking nothing of it she rolled back over, laying on her back, using her hands to casually adjust her chest, the bed and pillow pleasantly warm with the heat of her own body as she settled back down with the intention of getting some more sleep, her eyes closing once more.

She opened them suddenly to the unmistakable sound of footsteps downstairs, in her own home. She sat up immediately, listening, eyes wide, there had been no mistaking the noise and few things seldom woke someone like the realization that they were not alone when, by all rights, they should be.

Again she heard the footsteps, whoever it was was trying to be quiet, but failing as they moved around what was, to them, an unfamiliar house. She swallowed anxiously and felt her heart beating faster in her chest, two clear and distinct emotions rising to the forefront within her.

The first was rational and to be expected by anyone in her situation, fear, the fear of the unknown, the fear of loss, the fear of being hurt.

The second was more of a Charlene thing. Anger, pure unadulterated fury.

"Oh, fuck no.." She growled to herself, feeling the pit of fear condense down into a solid lump of red hot rage.

Someone had had the gall to break into her home, invade her domain and worse still, disturbed her precious sleep.

She moved to stand slowly, barefoot she inched silently through the darkness to her side cabinet. Just yesterday she had hung a new mirror up, big and beautiful, she hadn't yet had the opportunity to tidy up the mess she had created while hanging it and that, she knew had been a good thing.

She searched with questing fingers across the top of the counter, feeling perfume bottles, a hair brush, some straighteners, a claw hammer...

She encircled her fingers around the handle of the hammer and hefted it, feeling its weight in her hands, reassuring and heavy.

No one broke into Charlene's home.

She had the advantage over the intruder, as they stumbled around downstairs in the dark, bumping into objects, cursing and swearing under their breath, she knew all the ticks and tricks of her house.

Moving around in the absolute dark she stealthed through her home perfectly, each footstep placed with precision, avoiding the squeaky floorboards, never bumping into an object, making her way across her landing and down her stairs.

She made her way through her living room and towards her kitchen, hearing movements within and seeing the dim glow of a light, possibly a torch as she moved ever closer, trying to prepare herself mentally for whatever could happen next.

As she stepped forward, however, she felt her shin bash unexpectedly into the side of her coffee table, forcing a surprised grunt of pain from between her lips.

She knew her house like the back of her hand, but this asshole had stumbled through it knocking things around, placing things where they shouldn't be.

As she controlled herself she froze, standing perfectly still, listening.

The intruder too had gone silent, hearing the noise and entering a similar state to her, they both knew they weren't alone now and neither of them knew what they were up against.

She stood still and listened, unable to see a thing as the light went out in her kitchen, leaving her without any light to go by whatsoever.

Breathing as softly as she could, she heard them start to move once again, back towards the living room this time, towards her and towards the front door that was on the other side of her, likely where they had broken in from.

She inched to the side towards the wall, sliding her feet across the carpeted surface slowly to avoid any more noises and to feel for any other misplaced objects, focusing the entire time on what she could hear.

She heard them shuffle through the room, cautious, but not as quiet or stealthy as her, she could almost, even in the pitch black, make out a silhouette, though it could've just been a trick of her mind.

She had to think quickly, they were going to pass right by her, right between her and one of the couches. It was possible they had a gun, possible they had a knife, she couldn't attack them until she knew, couldn't risk getting herself cut or shot, but she was too livid to just let them walk out with whatever they had pilfered without at least trying to fight back. She reached behind her, hand feeling lightly at the wall.

She swallowed, her adrenaline rising as her fingers traced over the rooms light switch.

She would have to think fast. Flip the switch, identify the weapon, swing.

She felt her heart hammering in her chest and was genuinely afraid the intruder, so close now, would hear it beating away inside her. She could almost feel them as they moved to pass by towards the door.

Charlene flipped the switch, instantly assessing the male in front of her no more than a step away. He was in his late teens or early twenties, his hazel eyes widening in shock as he looked towards her, hair short and dark, skin white, a little shorter than her and a skinny thing wearing all black, she looked to his hands, both empty.

The boy, for the briefest of moments in the blinding, sudden, light saw a woman, tall, black skinned, wearing grey shorts and a tank top that hardly held in her absolutely massive bust. He started to open his mouth to yelp in surprise but was muted by one of two things.

The first, seemingly, a war cry, as Charlene roared in defiance, the second, Charlene herself, all but flying at him.

She dropped her hammer and leapt at him, her tactics had hit the boy like a stun grenade, the combination of the loud noise and the sudden light disarming him of the only offensive weapon he apparently possessed, his wits, which she assumed was not that great to begin with given the mess he had gotten himself into, unarmed.

She hit him hard, bearing him to the floor with her weight and strength, fueled and enhanced by her adrenaline rush as she took him to the floor, instantly engaging in a struggle.

He flailed, gasping and yelping under her as he squirmed, he landed a few hits on her abdomen and substantial chest, but without any real power behind them all they served to do was piss her off further.

She grunted as he hit her with a half balled fist in the side of the head, causing her to grit her teeth and double down her efforts, shifting her body weight as she grabbed his wrists, moving a strategic knee and finally allowing her to achieve her objective.

He gasped loudly and froze, a thin wrist in each of her strong hands, one of her knees resting on the ground, the other digging into his crotch.

"Fucking move a fucking inch and I put all of my fucking weight on my left knee. Under-fucking-stood?" She growled, her long black hair falling around her face as she stared down into the face of a stranger, seeing that the intense and specific pain had very certainly gotten his attention.

He nodded some, eying her with wide, terrified eyes.

She eyed him over for a few long moments, apart from being a colossal asshole for breaking into her house, she had to admit he was sort of cute, he had a boyish charm that she usually looked for in her perspective partners.

Shame, really, that the cute ones were always usually assholes. Though maybe there was an opportunity to look him over properly before she handed him over to the cops, there was no sense letting a good piece of eye candy go completely to waste, after all.

She moved up onto her knees, causing him to whimper as she exuded just the tiniest bit of additional pressure onto his junk, his eyes flicking between her face and her tits, huge and full, her dark cleavage prominent in her skimpy night top as she reached behind her, picking up her hammer from where it had fallen, causing him to pale significantly.

"Here's whats going to happen. My phones upstairs. We're going to walk upstairs together. If you try to fight me, I hit you with the hammer. If your hands aren't above your head, I hit you with the hammer." She tilted her head some, narrowing her eyes. "Want to guess what happens if you try to run?"

"...You hit me with the hammer." he said, his first words to her, terrified and quiet.

She snorted. "Guess you have a brain cell after all."

She moved to stand off of him, her arm raised her body tensed, while she didn't think he would try to run she wasn't taking any more chances, especially given that his clothing was loose and baggy, with a multitude of pockets that could hide any number of switch blades or other small but just as effective weapons.

"Stand up. And take your clothes off."

He leaned up on his elbows, hesitating. "I... What?"

"You could be fucking hiding anything. I'm not being stabbed just to protect your fucking modesty. Ditch the clothes then get your hands up." she frowned severely, her voice conveying her severity and severeness.

He flushed with color, obviously debating his next move but with her standing over him, hammer ready, he wasn't really left with any path other than the one laid out for him.

He sat up and started to remove his jacket and shirt, the jacket landing heavily on the floor, pockets laden, she didn't doubt, with whatever he had pilfered from her home.

As he started to undo his belt he looked up at her, watching as she drank in his pale slender body, expression unreadable. "Look.. Miss.. I'm really sorry.."

She let out a short, sharp laugh, "You're sorry? Oh well! That's all fucking right then, isn't it?" she snorted in amusement and derision, "Hurry the fuck up."

He sighed and shimmied out of his pants, running them down his long legs, kicking off his shoes and setting both in a pile before following suit with his dark socks, leaving him sitting in a pair of black boxers.

He moved to stand but she tutted, waving the hammer at him with a hint of menace, "Everything hon."

"You... can't be serious." he protested, voice flat, now kneeling as he had made to stand, looking up at her incredulously, his cheeks red.

"Can't have you bringing any 'concealed weapon' to bare on me. Every. Thing." she said, emphasizing each word with a wave of her hammer.

He let out a shaky sigh and stood slowly, as he did so he lowered his boxers, revealing his package to her, about four inches flaccid between his thighs, a patch of dark hair above his length and under his arms seemingly the only body hair he boasted.

She couldn't help but smirk a little at his size. To Charlene, white boys were so much fun and this one suited her tastes almost to a T. He was undoubtedly male, no risk of mistaking him for a girl like some of her previous partners, no fem-trap. But at the same time, he was only dabbling in his masculinity. No toned body or muscles, no strong jaw or thick beard. Just a young man, slender and lithe.

"Mm.. Cute. Hands up, upstairs, march." She ordered, moving behind him, her own weapon still raised, her own concealed weapon starting to pay attention...

"Look, I didn't have to break your door or anything, I just picked the lock, I haven't actually damaged anything." he whined weakly as he walked ahead of her, cheeks aflame at the embarrassment of being stripped and forced to walk before her.

"I didn't exactly invite you in, I'm sure the police are going to enjoy picking you up. I wonder if they'll let you put your pants back on before they cuff you.." She smirked, watching him ahead of her on the stairs, her eyes firmly fixed on his ass cheeks as they shifted with each step upwards. "I don't know whether this is a misdemeanor or a felony but either way I bet you're going to have a real fun time behind bars."

He stiffened a little, looking over his shoulder at her, standing at the top of the stairs as he was, with her just a couple behind she again afforded him an excellent view down her top.

Charlene wasn't a thick woman, nor was she a skinny girl. She had been described by her friends instead as a locally blessed woman. Her body was attractive, but her breasts were huge and drew significant attention, each one full and soft, around the size of her own head if not a little larger, natural and pushed up by her nighttime top to create a veritable valley of cleavage.

"I er.." he swallowed, distractedly forcing his eyes up to meet her, "I can't go to jail.."

"She laughed again and pushed him forward with the top of her hammer, urging him towards her bedroom where her phone lay plugged in and charging.

"Oh yeah sure. I'm sure that without you your poor old mom or some shit would just be completely lost, right?"

"My sister actually.." he said, though the resignation in his voice made it clear he already knew she wouldn't believe his prepared lie.

"Pft. Sure. Sit your ass down." she commanded, pointing to the bed as they entered the room.

He did as he was told, sitting on the edge as she turned the room's light on, moving around to her bedside table and picking up her phone.

She hesitated, putting her phone down on the bed and, while keeping an eye on him the entire time, reached into the bottom drawer of her bedside table, pulling out a pair of pink fuzzy handcuffs and tossing them to him.

"Put theses on, wrists behind your back."

He looked up at her, ready to object but just sighed and complied, wiggling as struggled to fit the cuffs around his wrists behind him, but she waited patiently until he was all cuffed in and secure.

"Police are going to have a hell of a laugh when they come to pick you up huh? All naked and cuffed up.." she smirked.

"Please... I'll do anything, I just... I just can't go to jail. Please?" he said, his voice sincere but with an edge of hopelessness, he already knew his fate was sealed, but he couldn't help himself but plead.

She eyed him over as she placed her hammer down, figuring she no longer needed it with him restrained as he was and picked up her phone, walking to stand in front of him, looking down at the sorry, pitiful sight of the boy.

He wasn't crying, but he was close she could tell, his white cock soft between his thighs, his embarrassment, and shame written plain as day across his face.

"Anything?" she asked, holding her phone in her hand at such an angle that he could see she had typed in 911 and had only to hit dial.

He glanced from the phone to her, a spark of hope in his beautiful brown eyes as he nodded.

She pursed her full lips as she eyed him over, a hand reaching out to caress over the silky smooth skin of his shoulder, warm under her touch.

"Even... Sex stuff?" she asked, smirking a little playfully, her voice adopting a sultry tone.

She enjoyed the play of emotions across his face at the idea, disbelieve, intrigue, an obvious element of attraction, the hope in his eyes grew and she laughed a little.

"Oh, you aren't that lucky white boy.." She reached a hand down into the front of her shorts and wrapped her fingers around the base of her soft cock, hefting it free and into the light, her thick, meaty log bouncing a foot or so from his face as it flopped free of its confines.

"O-oh fuck.. I... You're.." he stammered, staring at the woman's huge cock.

"Bigger soft than you are hard? Yeah, I guessed that." she grinned.

He blushed brighter and looked up at her, afraid and uncertain.

"Question for you white boy, would you suck dick to stay out of jail? Sounds like a fair bargain to me. Pretty little thing like you would probably end up sucking dick in jail anyway..."

"I... I... I couldn't..."

She shrugged and tucked her cock back into her shorts in a casual motion. "Was worth a try, you're pretty fucking cute you know.. But ah well." she lifted the phone to her ear, though she hadn't actually pressed dial.

"W-wait!"

"Mm?" she looked down at him, admiring the desperation and conflict in his eyes.

"I... Fuck... I'll do it, please, just.. Don't call the police, please." he said, voice shaky and defeated.

She looked down at him, lowering her phone. "Alright, go ahead." she put her hands on her hips, waiting patiently.

"But.. Your shorts..." he protested weakly.

"You've got teeth, haven't you? Better use them now to pull my shorts down because if I feel them once I'm in that pretty little mouth of yours you're going to wish I'd just called the police.." she threatened.

His cheeks red and his eyes watery he nodded, leaning forward till his nose pressed gently into the chocolate skin of her exposed stomach, his teeth finding the edge of her shorts and slowly, awkwardly, he began to tug them down.

Charlene watched with amusement as he struggled, bound as he was to work her shorts down over her swelling cock. She had a moment to reflect on how well things had gone, she'd gone from being the recipient of an unwanted invasion to being the perpetrator. There was in that, she thought, a hint of poetic justice.

He let out a little whimper as he worked her shorts down, feeling her huge cock press against his face as he did his best to free it, what choice did he have, after all?

"Mm.. Good start." She purred as her cock, now semi hard came to rest against his hot, flushed cheek having once more sprung free of its fabric confines.

She worked her shorts down over her hips, letting them fall to the floor to get them out of the way as she leaned forward slightly, bumping the tip of her black, engorging cock against his lips.

"Well?" she asked, prompting him.

He closed his eyes and took a deep, shaky breath, but parted his lips for her.

"Oooh Good boy.." she cooed, looking down at him as he opened his mouth for her, Charlene wasted no time in sliding the thick mushroom tip of her cock into his mouth and onto his tongue, one hand coming to rest in his dark hair as she started to slowly work her hips forward and backward, enjoying the wet warmth of his mouth around her member.

He tried to keep himself calm as he felt it, hot and spongy, pressing into his mouth, even in his highest state of denial he couldn't escape the fact that he had a cock in his mouth. He felt its heat, tasted it distinctly as it slid backward and forwards over his tongue, seeking out pleasure from him as it coated itself in his spit.

"Mm.. Typically, sucking cock involves sucking.." she commented idly, squeezing the handful of hair that she held, trying to prompt him to action.

He let out a soft little whimper between his lips but after a moment's hesitation, she felt them close tighter around the shaft of her needy cock, forming a seal as his cheeks caved in, resigning himself to sucking on her pole.

"Oooh fuck that's good.. Mm.." she bit her lip and looked down at him over the swell of her breasts, urging her hips forwards and backward as she slid her meaty shaft repeatedly over his tongue, each push in surrounding her cock in the wet heat of his mouth, each pull out causing the suction to intensify.

"You're good at this baby.." she murmured, her cock now rock hard between his lips, as thick and full as the boys own forearm, almost, "I'm going to let go of your head now.. Just keep going for me, yeah?"

She tentatively released his hair and while he slowed, obviously conflicted, he still felt as if he wasn't left with much of a choice, his lips continuing to glide over the spit shined length of her cock, taking the thick, mushroom tip and several inches of her length, though even that only measured to being about half of it, into his mouth with each of her slow thrusts. 

Slowly and almost indistinguishably, Charlene slowed her thrusts, the boys head starting to bob backward and forwards to keep himself moving at the pace she had set. Before long she found herself stood completely still. As she had slowed, to keep up the tempo, he had begun to move his own head with increasing speed, leading to him bobbing his head as he sucked her cock, his eyes closed, so focused on his task he hardly realized what he was doing.

"Use your tongue.." she said softly, not wanting to break his concentration but at the same time wanting to feel more, not content with the prize she had already garnered.

To her surprise he did so now without hesitation, his cheeks blushing as he began, with each draw back on her cock, to swirl his tongue around the sensitive tip of her cock, causing her to shiver in delight.

"A-ah.. Just like that.. Yes.." she murmured, reaching down to grip the base of her cock where his lips couldn't reach, jerking herself off, meeting his rhythm, spreading his saliva down her cock, coating it as she watched him dote on her black cock.

"You like black cock, don't you.." she smirked a little.

That got his attention, his eyes fluttered open and his lips moved up her cock, letting it fall free of his mouth with a satisfying 'pop!' of noise, he panted softly, looking up at her as she stroked her meaty cock.

"N-no I.. You're making me do this.." He protested, voice weak.

"Sort of, yeah.." she agreed with a shrug. "But that doesn't mean you aren't enjoying it, white boy.."

He blushed brightly and looked down, embarrassed and confused about himself.

Charlene tilted her head and looked down, her grin spreading. "...Oooh fuck. Is that a hard-on?"

He blushed brighter and almost doubled over as if he could hide it from her now.

She laughed some and shook her head. "Fuck, you should've fucking told me you were getting off on this too."

He remained stoically silent, knowing anything he said would only serve to dig the hole he'd gotten himself into deeper.

She pursed her lips, eying him, "Fuck, you break into my home, try to steal my shit and now you go all shy on me. Tell you what I'll make it easy for you, do a good job sucking my dick and I won't fuck your ass. That all the motivation you need?"

He looked up at her sharply, his eyes widening as he looked from her gaze to her massive, throbbing cock, pointing right at his lips. He imagined that monster inside him and visibly winced.

"Yeah big isn't it," she commented, following his gaze with a grin, shifting her hips from side to side, pointedly wagging her cock at him. "Well?.."

"If.. If I do this you'll let me go?" he said, voice still marred with that adorable uncertainty.

She pursed her lips some, "I said I wouldn't fuck your ass, I didn't say I'd let you go. Not yet, anyway. But hey, do a good job and I'll let you see my tits, fuck knows you're staring at them enough. Sound fair? I mean you better think so because I'm not going to give you any other offers."

"..I mean..." he said, displaying his uncertainty once again, it was by far his cutest expression, which given the frequency he was displaying it, was probably for the best.

"Good!" She confirmed lightly, his uncertainty switching to confusion as she moved to again find her phone, picking it up.

"What.. What're you doing?"

She smirked at him, "Making a memory.."

He looked up at her as she moved back to again stand before him, meeting her eyes for a few long moments, she held her phone in one hand, pointing the camera down at him.

He hesitated, knowing she was either taking a picture or more likely, recording him. He looked down, focusing on the tip of her dark cock, looking at a tiny bead of clear pre that had formed on its head.

He swallowed once and leaned forward, letting his lips bump against the hot spongy tip, seeing no other choice as he kissed it and collected the pre as he once more took her cock into the welcoming heat of his mouth, eliciting another moan from her.

She closed her eyes and tilted her head back, it had been a long while since she had had such a captive audience in the bedroom, especially such a cute submissive one, who was, despite his objections, she knew, enjoying himself.

"Feels good doesn't it, to service a real cock.. Mm.. You should stick around, I could use a boyfriend with a mouth like yours.." she teased, grinning down at him.

He looked up at her, the desired effect of his look of consternation somewhat spoiled by the way her cock filled his mouth, the way he sucked eagerly on her sensitive tip and the way his tongue played across her sensitive flesh.

"You don't like the sound of that?" She said with a mocking pout, "I guess I can see why. You wouldn't make such a great boyfriend... Messy house... High maintenance..." she smirked, "You'd make an excellent girlfriend though eh? And besides, with a little cock like that, it's not like you'd be doing much in the way of topping anyway is there.."

He blushed but kept his eyes on her, distracting her from her taunting. He looked beautiful to her, with her cock between his lips, her pleasure mounting and building as he continued his amateur, but wonderful blowjob, their eyes locked.

"Mm.. Look into the camera honey.." she all but whispered, squeezing her cock between her fingers as her pleasure started to build, her other hand trying to steadily hold the phone, her eyes flicking from him to the moving image of him on her screen, making sure she captured every second of action for posterity and, of course, blackmail.

He did so, his dark eyes beautiful, the contrast between his white skin, red cheeks, and her black cock almost artistic, though she knew it would hardly be a classy work of art. More of Jackson Pollock, she thought, smirking to herself.

"Faster." she said, voice firm but heady with lust and pleasure, her own needs beginning to mount as he serviced her.

To her delight he responded without pause, his lips moving faster along her slick dark length, her moans and sounds of pleasure becoming more pronounced as the lewd sucking and slurping sounds too grew, filling both their worlds with the single act of him sucking cock for the first time.

"Baby that feels so fucking good.. I think I'm in love.." she grinned, rolling her shoulders as she struggled to stay standing, her legs growing weak with the pleasure as he pushed his head up and down her length, soft, slightly swollen lips rolling up and down the steely hard, but still silky soft length of her cock, his tongue pressing against it, swirling around it, teasing at the underside, utilising every trick he'd ever had used against him, or at least fantasized about, to pleasure this dark woman, whose name he had yet to even learn.

"S-shit.. Baby, you're so good.. You're going to make me cum.." she said, her breath hastening, her mouth open slightly as she wet her full lips with her pink tongue, her pleasure coming faster and faster, building to a crescendo "F-fuck!"

She stroked the slick, wet length of her dark shaft and pulled back slightly so her hard, visibly pulsing cock pulled free of his wanting lips with another lewd pop, a line of his spit connecting his pink tongue to the swollen head of her big, black cock.

He whimpered a little, almost looking disappointed as her cock popped free of his lips, kneeling in front of her, cheeks flushed and eyes half lidded.

Despite her overwhelming need and desire she made sure to capture everything she needed to on her camera, his lustful, wanting gaze, his lips parted, his tongue out, so lost in his own submissive wants he likely didn't realise his actions, his own cock clearly hard in the image, she bit her full lip and felt the first spark of climax arch through her body.

"A-ah!" she cried out, trying her best to steady the camera as her climax hit her, thick white ropes of cum launching from her throbbing cock as she stroked it, streaking across his face and skin, gluing one of his beautiful eyes shut as she was sure to make sure a few thick strands shot between his parted lips, landing on his tongue, letting him taste the end result of what he had been working her towards.

She swallowed, shivering with pleasure as she let her fingers glide up and down her slick shaft, her balls twitching as they emptied their pent up load onto his face and into his waiting mouth, the shooting strands slowing to become a trickling stream which she let drool across his face, then slowing further to become the last few drops which she squeezed out onto his tongue, smirking some as he licked the very tip, collecting each milky bead as it formed.

"Oh my god.. That just.. That just felt so fucking amazing.." she panted, her cock starting to soften in her hands as she fed it again between his lips, watching as he swallowed the cum he had collected, his lips closing around the warm, sticky tip of her cock as his tongue bathed it, eeking out every last iota of pleasure she could muster.

Charlene let out a little sighing shiver of delight and tossed her phone onto the bed after ending the recording, reaching down to caress his beautiful face. "You can't fucking say you didn't love that.." she purred.

He stayed silent, still nursing her softening cock in his mouth as she caressed him, his cheeks flushed. They both knew he had though he still couldn't bring himself to say it.

She smirked, "Since you can't admit how much you liked it and how much you want more, I'll make that easier too."

He looked up at her questioningly.

"You'll live here as my fucktoy for a week. Or I post that video online. Yes I know that's blackmail, no I don't give a fuck. You're hot, and I fucking want you so fucking much.." she grinned playfully. "Does that help you huh, white boy? You can let me use like we both want without having to say you freely gave yourself up to a shemale top."

He slowly let the softening shaft fall from his swollen lips where it flopped to rest between her thighs, his body squirming slightly, bound as he was, trying to stimulate his own ignored cock. "If.. If I have no other choice.." he said, trying his best to sound defeated, though he was struggling to deny how he so clearly felt.

Charlene smirked, amusement plain on her features. "None whatsoever. Now, it's like, fucking four AM. I'm going to clean you up and go the fuck to sleep."

She reached down to tussle his hair, turning her back to him and taking a step away, fingers finding the hem of her tank top and raising it up over her head, denying him the view of her huge, heavy breasts as they spilled free from her top, letting the small shirt fall to the floor.

She looked over her shoulder and smirked, enjoying his eager expression, how quickly this white boy had fallen for her thick cock.

"After all," she said, her voice low and full of promise, "We've got a very busy day tomorrow..." She winked.

She'd have to learn his name at some point.



Home Invasion Ch. 02
byXtinaSmith2017©

He awoke with a soft little sigh and for the first time, he could remember he felt only warmth and comfort. For as long as his memory went back, whenever he had been pulled from the vestiges of sleep he was never afforded even a moment's respite from the anxieties and worries the waking world held for him. There was always something suddenly in the forefront of his mind to bring him worry and panic, something that made him always wish he had slept just a little bit longer, but this morning, even though he had only slept for a few hours, it had been one of the most refreshing sleep of his life.

Which, he thought, was particularly odd, given his situation. He thought he would've had a lot of new material for his anxieties to work off of. Desperate for money he broken into what he had thought had been an empty home seeking to steal anything he could sell, but had, to his immediate terror and his eventual, albeit confused, pleasant surprise, ended up face to face with a tall, thick ebony goddess, who had, in turn for his would be crime, captured him, used him and ultimately, blackmailed him.

A week of servitude to her was his assigned punishment, in exchange she would neither release the footage she had diligently recorded of him to the ever interested internet or contact the police in regards to the genuine crimes he had committed.

Of course, that servitude was more carnal than domestic, entailing something that, up until last night, he would never have considered himself doing. Serving her thick, black, cock.

But he couldn't deny, and she had seen, that a significant part of him had enjoyed being the cause of someone's pleasure, not their pain, for a change, and the fact that the recipient was a woman as stunningly gorgeous as Charlene was the cherry on top of his delightful confusion.

After their initial 'activities' the night before he had washed himself up of her 'gift' and come to join her in bed. She had insisted that he strip and sleep with her naked, as she had said she enjoyed the sensations of another person pressed against her curved form, someone to wrap her arms around and snuggle with.

Even if he had been feeling rebellious about his new state of blackmailed servitude he doubted he would've resisted that particular request, given the overwhelming allure of her body.

They had lain down together and she had drawn him into her arms, making him her little spoon as she held her newly minted white boy to her body, her soft cock snuggling cosily against his cheeks and her truly massive breasts pressed warmly to his back.

It was this that he had awoken to and it was this that he knew he wanted to keep.

She had said several times that she found him attractive, but realistically he knew that that attraction was based purely off of his looks, which, for whatever reason, seemed to be her thing. He knew she would have no interest in his personality or person, he was after all a thief. Worse, he wasn't even a good or successful thief.

He was, he knew, in for a week of being used, not as a boyfriend, but as a toy. A pair of hands and holes with which she could pleasure herself with before she dumped him out of her house like the trash he was in her eyes and continued on happily with her life, sure in the knowledge that she had gotten her full worth from him and gotten rid of him before his poisonous criminal ways became a factor in her home.

But the more thought he gave it, the more he found he didn't want that. He knew about as much of Charlene as she knew about him, but he knew enough to understand that he would be happier with her here than he had been anywhere else in his life, though, that wasn't saying all that much.

So that was his plan, of sorts. He had a week to persuade Charlene that he could be more to her than a source of pleasure, that he could be someone to spend more time with, to get to know, maybe to love.

Which he wasn't going to achieve laying here with her body pressed to his, no matter how comfortable it was. Although only the first light of day was beginning to flow through the curtains, he lightly untangled himself from the heavy sleeper that was his Mistress, he supposed, and made for the bathroom.

A time later Charlene awoke to the buzz of her alarm, yawning as she stretched out her arms and rolled onto her back, her heavy breasts spilling across her body as she shifted comfortably in the warmth of her bed.

It was darker than usual, she thought and glanced through squinted, tired eyes at her alarm. She had, she recalled sleepily, set it to go off earlier than usual, to give herself the opportunity to tidy her house before work after that boy had ransacked it. That boy. Her white boy. The bed was empty.

She sat up quickly and swore, glancing around. The bed and the surrounding room was completely devoid of her white boy-toy, and, cursing still, she dragged herself quickly from her bed, her long hair frizzed from the night's activities and her natural habit of moving in her sleep.

She hurriedly pulled on a bathrobe, looping the tie under her breasts to help support them as she eyed herself very briefly in the mirror, frowning at the sorry state of her hair before she stormed from the room, making her way downstairs.

He had done a runner, she was sure of it, and she couldn't say she was overly surprised. Though she had the video to blackmail him with, she didn't even know his name, and while she could post the video online, there were so many amateur videos out there he had probably figured it was likely to be lost in the sea of the many where no one he knew would view it.

She had, she knew, been stupid to be so careless, not to get more details about who he was and she suspected she had paid the price for her mistake, whatever he had been aiming to steal off of her last night he had probably more than doubled once he woke and while she slept.

She came down her stairs and found the place, to her immediate surprise, tidy.

Pursing her lips, suspicions rising, she made her way towards the kitchen, a light spilling from the partially open door.

As she nudged it quietly open she moved to stand in the doorway seeing the boy, standing in nothing but his boxer shorts, body on display as he poured the first lot of a bowl of pancake batter into a hot pan. A half empty cup of coffee on the counter beside him and a pot brewed.

He didn't notice her standing there at first, focusing instead on his cooking efforts and she opted to simply watch him for a few long moments, the hot white boy she had taken, abused, blackmailed and claimed, making breakfast in her kitchen after having gotten up early to tidy up his mess. This might be a better deal than she had initially thought.

"What's your name, white boy." She said, voice low and husky, smirking as she watched him jump in surprise at his realisation that he wasn't, in fact, alone. The sight of him, gorgeous and pale, so easily domesticated and in his underwear, no less, caused her member to swell in her robes, it was, to her, the hottest thing she had seen in a good long while, and given that she had seen him with his lips wrapped around her pole just the night before...

"Oh! Uh, Dylan." He said with a small smile, "Pancakes?"

She eyed him for a few moments longer then nodded, "Please." She stepped back through to her living room and sat herself down, her state of exhaustion catching up as the anxieties of him escaping dissipated. She sank into the welcoming comfort of the chair, she had had precious few hours sleep, having been up in the first few hours of the morning to capture and tame her pet and then again now to clean up his mess.

She zoned out thinking about it, at least until Dylan, or so he claimed to be called, offered her a cup.

Looking up at him she took it, taking a curious sip.

"Okay, I'll bite... How did you know I took it milk and two sugars." She asked, her voice radiating suspicion as she looked him over with narrowed eyes as he made his way back towards the kitchen, pausing only to look over at her with an almost cute expression, a victorious smirk on his lips.

"Because I know you like things white and sweet?"

Charlene let out a brief chuckle, but gripped her cup gratefully, "Pfff, lucky guess white boy."

Smirking he returned to the kitchen and in short time presented her with a short stack of pancakes, over which he had drizzled maple syrup and placed a lump of butter on top.

She took it and he sat down beside her, a smaller stack on his plate, one of them torn, one of them a little blackened. He had given her the ones that had come out perfect she noticed, curiously.

"Alright. I'll bite again. What're you doing?" she asked as she ate, her pancakes were perfect, soft and fluffy.

Sat beside her he looked up at her, raising an eyebrow. "What do you mean?"

"You didn't have to do any of this. You aren't here of your own free will, what's with all the extras huh? Trying to make me go light on you?"

He paused a little, not meeting her gaze, choosing instead to take a sip of his own coffee, black, she noted. "I just want to keep you happy so you don't post that video online."

She watched him for a few long moments and shrugged. If her toy wanted to play housewife for bonus points then that was fine by her, it wouldn't detract from the time she would spend railing him, so why should she complain?

"I assume you don't work." She said dryly, and predictably, he shook his head, "And got anyone to notice you're missing for a week?"

He hesitated and nodded.

"A girlfriend?" Charlene asked, a slight smirk on her lips, but again he shook his head.

"Mm, well, whoever it is give them a call and tell them everything's okay, tell them you're on a training week or something, learning how to plumb or some shit." She grinned to herself.

He hesitated before replying, "Do you work?" he asked, curious and eager to learn more about her.

"As a matter of fact I do and I've got work today. And not that I don't trust you alone in my house for eight hours but before I go I'm either going to lock you up somewhere or find out who you really are, so if you run I can personally send your cocksucking video to your parents, siblings, so on and so forth."

"Okay, but what do you do?" he continued and it brought her to pause. She had threatened to out his video to his loved ones, if he had any, and he had just glossed over it in favour of more questions about her work?

"Er, well, I work for a finance firm. HR stuff." She went on and he nodded.

"What's it like?"

She glanced at him as she chewed. Even when she had been dating people interest in her work had lasted for about as long as it took for her to say the words 'finance' and 'human resources'.

"Thousand questions much? Basically, I look after the cities branch and make sure all the staff are happy, make sure nothing goes wrong and ensure everyone remains professional but content."

That sounds interesting" he smiled.

"Oh yeah?" she asked.

"Mm! Tell me more?"

And she did, telling him what her routine usually was and about some of her co-workers, about a recent drama involving two coworkers who had recently begun a relationship in the office, but who had somehow garnered the blessing of the manager so Charlene had been forced to reach a compromise where they saw each other, but, following one or two 'incidents' weren't allowed to go to the toilets at the same time together.

He had listened, actually listened, not just sat there while she had spoken words at him. He had enjoyed hearing about her life, about the political intrigue of office life and had laughed when she spoke about the two co-workers being caught going at it in the bathrooms. Surprisingly, she had said, it was the man who had come out looking more embarrassed.

It was odd she thought, she enjoyed her work, but work was work and she'd never really had the opportunity to talk to someone about it outside of the office, but part of her had to admit having the outlet was nice, she was enjoying having someone to listen to her.

They finished breakfast and as she cradled her cup, watching as he cleared away the plates to take them into the kitchen, putting them down beside the other dirty dishes she had left from, she knew, several previous nights.

Not needing to tidy up the mess or even spend time making breakfast she found herself with an unusual amount of free time before work, and, as she watched the boy walk back in in just his shorts she knew what to fill it with.

"Come, wait here." She said, draining the last of her coffee and setting the cup down, patting the chair beside her once more as she herself stood, moving to fetch her phone from upstairs. She returned and passed it to him.

Dylan eyed her with confusion for a moment as he held her unlocked smartphone.

"Go to my facebook, find your profile and add it as a friend." She said and he blinked.

He knew what that meant. as her friend on facebook, she would be able to see all of his friends and family, giving her the perfect platform to share their video on should he renegade on his deal. Knowing this he hesitated, considering lying to save his skin, pretending he didn't have one. While he wanted more from their relationship, this presented a genuine risk to him. If he did this there would be no going back, no chance of escape or reprieve without serious consequences on his social network.

He searched for his profile, found it, and added it. He offered to hand the phone back but she shook her head.

"Log me out and log yourself in, accept the add."

With only a little reluctance he did so before again offering her the phone.

This time she took it and spent a few minutes browsing through his profile, reading his posts, looking at his pictures, checking out his history.

"Hmm. What went wrong, Dylan?" she asked, finally.

"What do you mean?" he replied.

"Just last year you were joining a news outlet. Just as an intern, sure, but it was a start."

He sighed, "I er... Got accused of trying to steal money from them."

She raised her eyebrows. "And did you?"

After a moment's hesitation, he nodded.

"Why?" she asked.

He stayed silent but she had no move to brush past it on account of his silence. She wanted to know.

He eventually relented, "My sister... She doesn't have much and she's always asking... Well, demanding money. I give her all I can, but, sometimes she needs more and... I need to get it for her, so I get it however I can."

Charlene frowned some, flicking through his profile and finding the sister. She was pretty, thin and busty, though they were obviously fake, her lips plumped and pink, her hair dyed blonde. In her profile picture, she was flaunting a new phone and a sweeping array of dollar bills, her lips pursed in the all too common duck face. Charlene hated her instantly.

"She looks like a cunt." She said plainly and saw Dylan frown, looking down.

"She's my little sister." He said gently.

"So? She obviously doesn't need the money, what does she do if you don't give it to her?" she pressed.

This time he didn't answer even as the silence dragged on, looking down awkwardly.

Charlene sighed as the silence dragged on further but she shrugged. "Well, whatever. It's not my problem." she said dismissively and that too seemed to sting him.

He was, she was coming to realise, more sensitive than even she had assumed.

"Well I've got time to kill and I fancy a steamy shower." She said, standing with a grimace of effort, still tired and now full of delicious breakfast food she glanced across to him and raised her eyebrows, "Are you coming or what?"

He blinked in surprise, whatever dark cloud that had been looming over him vanishing in an instant as he rose and nodded keenly, moving ahead of her to climb the stairs first.

Charlene rolled her eyes and smirked as she followed on behind, watching his ass through his boxers as he climbed the stairs and they both made for the bathroom.

Inside, as Charlene disrobed, Dylan turned the shower on and set the temperature, it wasn't a shower head mounted to the wall inside of a bathtub like what he had back at his own incredibly meagre place, but an independent shower stall, spacious with an expensive looking power shower dominating it. Charlene adored it and found that the strength and heat of the power shower helped relax her muscles and sooth her occasional backache from having to cope with her massive breasts, but without the time expenditure that came with running and soaking in a bath. While a bath did offer her more comfort and relief when she needed it, she simply didn't have time for that whole routine in the mornings before work and generally saved it for the days when work had been difficult and her back was giving her trouble.

Dylan turned to face her and froze, for the first time he saw her in the full light, nude and baring all to him. She stood there, hands on her hips as she watched him watching her, he drank in the view, her ebony skin, her curvy figure culminating in her truly impressive bust, but ultimately, in terms of eye drawing potential, even that came in second to the semi-hard cock and full dark balls that rested between her thighs, menacing and enticing in surprisingly equal measures.

"Like what you see white boy?" she teased, knowing that while he would never admit it to her, part of him did like what she was and maybe even what she could do.

He hesitated for a moment, before just smiling ever so softly and turning away, slinking his boxers down to reveal his ass to her as he stepped into the shower.

She blinked and shrugged ever so lightly before moving to follow.

There was almost room for two in the unit, but as she stepped inside, with neither of them willing to brush against the cold walls they found themselves instead pressing against one another slightly, his slender body to her busty form.

As they lounged under the warmth Charlene watched the relaxing Dylan with a growing measure of uncertainty, her plan of dominating and controlling him for a week was already running into difficulty, each idea that she conjured on what he could do to satisfy her outside of worshipping her cock, he seemed to be doing proactively, not only doing them keenly, but going so far as to take the lead.

This became prominent as, while she thought about tasks to assign him, he palmed a handful of liquid soap and, ignoring himself, began to rub it into her skin, lathering her in the white bubbles.

She bit her lip and closed her eyes, tilting her head back and letting the water finally wrest control her wild hair. His hands were soft and gentle as they caressed over her body, washing her carefully, not, as she had assumed he would, just focusing on her tits. Not that he didn't have a good grope and squeeze when he did get to them, but he paid them just as much attention as he did everything else. Well, almost everything.

"You er, missed a spot, white boy." she grinned slightly, nodding downwards, "Clean it." She said as he rinsed the soap from her skin.

He bit his lip a little and reached down, a soft hand snaking around her cock, which was still semi-hard between her thighs and he gave it a tentative stroke, beginning to coat it with the soap.

With a smile, she slid her hands up his smooth pale skin to rest on his shoulders where she began to push, urging him down to his knees, "Mm, didn't say with your hands."

Swallowing, he followed her direction, blushing as he did. He had sort of enjoyed this the night before, eventually, but just because he had then he felt suddenly uncertain he would now. His mind had been clouded with her beauty and exoticness and finding himself again face to face with her massive, swelling cock gave him serious pause for thought.

"Come on baby." She purred softly, "You were so good at this yesterday, don't freeze up on me now. You want me to be happy? Then suck my cock, worship it." she hesitated, "Otherwise, I'll just fuck your face again. Either way, I drain my balls." she grinned.

He swallowed and knew that she wasn't bluffing, she did, after all, have no reason to be gentle with him now she had access to that video and his facebook.

She reached a hand down, curling her fingers through her hair and prepared to drag him onto her cock, but it seemed to give him the push he needed and he finally leaned forward of his own accord, his soft warm lips finding her hardening cock and kissing it, softly.

She let out a gentle but eager moan and released his hair, her hands moving, one under her substantial breasts, supporting them, as her other hand moved to rest against the wall, feeling the cool tile under her hand as she held herself up.

Again and again, he kissed her cock as it swelled, his lips warm and soft against her dark sensitive skin, almost teasing, though she didn't push for more, at least yet, wanting him to have to make every advance himself.

He kissed all up and down her cock and though the pleasure was slight, her cock hardened before his eyes, moving to stand erect and proud, huge and thick as it pointed towards him, desperate for more.

He remembered this beast from the night before and felt a faint thrill, despite his intimidation, to find himself here again. It was weird, he knew, but he couldn't help but feel a little excited. Stood before him was a woman who, for all intents and purposes, was absolutely gorgeous, beautiful, curvy and with a bust that defied imagination. And no matter how perverse or wrong it seemed, her massive throbbing cock was a symbol, a sign that this ebony goddess found him attractive, and furthermore that he was capable of bringing a woman of her beauty and distinction to climax, if, of course, he worked hard enough. He had always had a nagging doubt in his mind with the few girlfriends he had been with in his life that that had always been faking it with him, never certain that when they said they were cumming, they were being truthful. But with a woman like Charlene, faking wasn't an option, he knew when he had brought her there and was left with absolutely no doubts about it.

He moved a hand up and wrapped it around the hardness of her throbbing shaft, gripping and squeezing it, balling his fist as he began to stroke her off, leaning in and down to kiss at her full balls in their dark, hairless sack. He kissed at the soft skin and lifted the orbs on his tongue, playing with them as he jerked her off.

She stood with eyes closed, not thinking just feeling, the showers heat relaxing her muscles and the boy's tongue driving her wild.

A drop of pre formed at the tip of her cock and he rose, wanting to capture the tiny drop before the water washed it away, Charlene let a small moan of pleasure flow through her lips as, finally, she felt his lips close around her cockhead.

It was still a stretch even just to fit that into his mouth, but her moan of pleasure was music to his ears, validation that he was doing a good job, that he was making her feel good. He started to suck, his tongue beginning to roll over the highly sensitive tip of her big black cock, tasting the pre on his tongue as his cheeks caved in.

Charlene felt as the white boy began to suck her cock and, as the morning's events so far washed over her she found herself thinking about everything he had done and said. She had believed she was blackmailing him, but he seemed to be enjoying the experience, so keen to please. And there was a look in his eyes, one she saw often on men, desire and attraction, and it was a rare thing indeed to see it in someone's eyes after they made the fated discovery of her bonus package.

But the white boy wanted her, wanted her to feel good and while she didn't especially care if he got off, she never had when it had come to her ex-partners, she found herself wondering if there was more to him than what she already knew, more that would interest her once the week was done. He was a bad thief, that much she knew, but there was more to him than that, maybe she would find out just who Dylan was over the coming week and things between them would change, but maybe not, either way it got her dick wet.

Content with the budding plan, if, 'seeing where it goes and fuck it, and him, regardless', could be considered a plan, she decided to play her part for now. Which, seeing as it was the, 'horny shemale who gets sucked off in the shower', part, it didn't seem half bad.

Dylan rolled his soft lips up and down her ebony length as she moaned above him, taking several inches of her cock between his lips with each bob until the thick tip of her cock pressed against his throat, at which point he would pull back. Instead of focusing on how deep he could take her, he focused instead on how best he could serve what he knew he could take without struggling.

He switched from long slow movements with deep sucks and slow circles of his tongue to sudden fast bursts of movement, pushing his lips up and down her cock eliciting all manner of wet lewd noises as it bounced time and time again against the entrance to his throat, almost making him gag on more than one occasion, sometimes randomly switching to jerking her cock with his hands, his lips just over the crown of her cock head as he simply sucked on the tip and worshipped it with his nimble tongue.

The variation in pleasures and his eagerness to please was having its intended effects on Charlene, who was struggling to stay standing with the sheer amount of mind-numbing pleasure coursing through her body.

Though there was little doubt he wasn't the 'one' for her, his cocksucking skills alone would make this a memorable week, she knew, as he once more switched up his styles, causing her to chew her lip and groan with pleasure.

Dylan pressed on despite the mounting soreness. His knees throbbed and his lips were swollen, his jaw ached and the entrance to his throat was taking a real beating, but he didn't care, he would get the self-satisfaction of finishing her off.

Charlene felt the bliss building up within her, each wave of pleasure crashing through her mind more powerfully than the last.

He felt her cock, already rock hard gain a steeliness that he recognised, the few moments of absolute rigidity before a cock came.

He held the tip in his mouth and looked up at her, but couldn't see her expression over the huge swell of her breasts. Not that, he realised, he needed to. She was gasping and moaning in pure pleasure as her climax rolled over her, her cock twitching in his mouth as she came, thick ropes of cum filling his mouth pulse after pulse erupting from her hard tip as he sucked on it and tongued it, lavishing it with as much pleasure as he could provide as she filled his mouth.

A few rivulets of white seed escaped his mouth, dripping down his chin to be washed away by the water and, as her climax began to subside, she reached down, wrapping her hand around the now softening length of her cock, stroking, milking and pushing the last few drops of her cum into his mouth.

Leaning back, uncaring for the cold as her back pressed to the wall, she looked down at the boy, his cheeks bulging and she felt herself smirk, the boy was holding her mouthful of cum, unsure what to do with it.

"Well.." she said with a smirk, "you could've spat it out as I was cumming and I wouldn't have known. But now, if you don't swallow, I'll be pissed off."

He blushed and hesitated, she laughed.

"The longer you hesitate, slut, the longer you get to taste it."

His blush deepening she saw his slender throat bulge and work, his cheeks returning to normal as she watched him drink down her thick white cum.

"Good boy." She said with a tease and he felt his heart skip a beat at the praise. It wasn't something he was exactly used to and, despite the manner in which he had earned it, he felt a spark of pride.

She stepped from the shower and retrieved a towel, starting to dry herself off as Dylan quickly saw to his own soap and shampoo, hurrying to join her in drying off.

Together they walked through to her bedroom where after a few long moments quiet, Charlene spoke.

"Alright white boy, I figured it out."

He blinked, halfway through towelling one of his legs and he looked at her. "You have?" he asked, obviously uncertain about that.

"You're loving this. You're crazy about me, white boy, admit it." She said, raising her eyebrows.

He blushed and opened his mouth to speak but she stopped him.

"Yeah, I thought so. But don't get any ideas. I don't know you and you don't know me and lest we fucking forget, you broke in here last night and tried to rob me blind. So don't think one stack of pancakes and one cup of coffee is going to win me over to you. You're my plaything, my pet, you'll do what I tell you to and you won't complain about a word of it. Understand?"

Dylan simply nodded.

"Good. You're going to be my little bitch wife for the week. You get the pleasure of cooking and cleaning on top of serving my cock, which you better believe you'll be doing, and don't expect so much as a thank you."

Again he nodded.

"After a week, I don't know. Maybe I'll think I need to extend your sentence. Maybe I'll think you haven't worked hard enough to afford your freedom."

He looked up, his eyes widening and a smile came to his lips.

Charlene saw the smile and rolled her eyes. "But don't get your hopes up, white boy."

But they were. He helped her dress, helping her with her bra and, to her amusement, lacing up her boots for her as she sat on the edge of the bed and she explained to him what his day would consist of, cleaning the house, cleaning her clothes, cleaning the dishes. She had gone on, with a smirk, that if, beyond all that, he still found himself with time to spare that she had a huge black dildo in the bottom drawer of her bedside drawers that he could practice his deepthroating on.

"I'll be back late tonight." She said, "I'm going out drinking with a couple of friends after work so I'll probably be quite shit faced. Be a good boy and have those lips ready for me when I get back, alright?" she had winked, collecting her car keys before, after slapping his ass assertively, she'd left the house.

Dylan stood there watching the door after she had left for a few long moments, knowing that life was going to be more than a little different now and he didn't have the faintest idea where it was going to lead.

Dylan did as he was told and spent the day seeing to the house, he cleaned and tidied, swept and mopped, did a load of her washing and cleaned the piled up dishes. He was slow, not that he was short on time, it was just to ensure he was meticulous. He listened to music on the radio throughout the day working while deep in thought, scarcely able to believe the situation he had wound up living in.

As the day progressed and he realised how quickly he could finish her chores and he began to wonder what he would be filling his time with. After all, he had a week here during which she would spend most of her days at work and in just his first day he had made almost the entirety of her house completely spotless from top to bottom.

He would have to find something to occupy his time with and, he thought, it would help to have it be something that benefitted Charlene, especially if he was to have any hopes of winning her over.

He entertained the thought for a second of finding the dildo she had mentioned, but despite his urge to please her he wasn't about to spend hours practising on a fake cock. The thought of going down on any cock, other than Charlene's, even a fake one seemed somehow wrong to him. But he had an idea as to what he could do to fill his time, but it would need a little consideration and a lot of research, which would fill the rest of his day.

Dylan, as with Charlene, had also enjoyed precious little sleep the night before and as the day and the evening dragged deeper into the night, he found himself struggling to keep his eyes open. Though he knew she had wanted him ready for her, he could hardly be considered in any state to orally please her if he was likely to fall asleep sucking her cock.

With that in mind, it didn't take much more for him to persuade himself to retire to her bed, naked, as he knew she liked, he let the warm embrace of sleep lure him in.

Charlene, meanwhile, had to be driven home by a co-worker, a busty redhead who looked none too pleased with having to drive her friend home, she kept going on and on about how she could be back at home with her boyfriend having fun, but instead, here she was, doing the nice thing and driving the drunk Charlene home in Charlene's own car so she herself could pay for the luxury of a taxi back to her apartment in the city.

Charlene registered the words and part of her knew that she would be paying for this one for months, but after the first drink or two she had found herself thinking about Dylan and as a few drinks turned into a few too many, she found those thoughts turning predictably sexual.

She bit her lip, even then thinking about him as she was driven home, feeling her cock, nestled in her jeans swelling slightly as she thought about the head she was going to receive as soon as she got through the door.

After they arrived back at Charlene's home she stuck around with the peeved redhead, staying with her out of politeness till her taxi arrived, though her attention was constantly pulled back to the house, her brow furrowing as she noticed no lights were on.

She was almost more excited than her co-worker when the taxi finally arrived to collect her, giving the redhead a half-hearted wave as she turned and walked, albeit not in the straightest of lines, towards her home.

Biting her lip, a blush already forming at her cheeks she fumbled at the lock to her house, finally managing to push it open and step inside. She had in her mind expected to find him, kneeling just before her, mouth open, waiting and wanting and, in her drunken state, she was practically furious that he wasn't there.

She shook her head and grumbled, closing the door with a click and flicking the lights on, iluminating her spotless house, not that she noticed, tossing her coat aside and making for the kitchen, leaning on the walls and furniture as she went for support.

She came into the kitchen and was again disappointed to find it void of a waiting Dylan, but her worries were short-lived as she quickly spotted and scooped up a green bottle of liquor that was only one-third gone. Grinning she uncapped it and took a hearty swig, feeling the heat of it burn down her throat, a good feeling.

Holding the bottle she made for the stairs, humming a soft tune as she pulled herself up. She turned on the landing light and stepped towards her room, pursing her lips expectant once more as she silently pushed open the door to her bedroom. The light from the hall spilled in and illuminated the sleeping figure of Dylan, curled up comfortably in her bed, notably unready to pay her the attention she craved.

She bit back a string of curse words and took another not so delicate swig from her bottle. Seeing him all snuggled up there, looking so sexy, combined with her frustrations at him not being ready for her began to inflame her lust with new ideas.

She watched him shuffle slightly, turning his head so the light from the hallway wasn't cast across his face, his attractive slender form visible through the thin sheets of her bedding as it lay draped over him.

Her cock hardened in her jeans and she stopped thinking so hard, stopped trying to come up with an intricate plan of punishment, stopped her thoughts about whether this white boy could be more than a fucktoy to her, she let her desires take a hold of her, as it should be.

She switched off the lights, plunging them both back into darkness and silently stepped into the room, closing the door carefully behind her.

She took one last swig from the now half empty bottle and, as she walked, she quietly set it down on her bedside table with her phone so both would be within easy reach of her when she climbed in.

She could just hear his gentle steady breathing as she undid her jeans, starting to undress. She had to suppress an audible moan of relief as she freed her throbbing cock from its tight denim prison, letting it point out in front of her, towards her white boy toy.

She stripped fully, running her fingers over her own body, admiring the silkiness of her own skin and the softness of her breasts in her hands, though her actions were only serving to work her up further.

She slid open the top drawer to her bedside table and, with slow questing fingers, felt through the contents until her fingers closed on a tube, pulling it out and squeezing a dollop of something cold and wet into her hand.

Her eyes rolled back as she wrapped her hand around her throbbing hard meat, massaging the lube into it, liberally applying a second and the third dose of cool lube until her member was practically dripping with the stuff.

She replaced the tube in the drawer and slid it shut, leaning down to wipe her lube coated hand on her discarded clothes before she moved to slide into the bed behind him, positioning as if she was going to spoon him once more.

She delicately moved the bed sheets to expose his ass, a very light touch with her fingers determining, to her glee that he was naked and unprotected.

Swallowing she sidled up to him, ever so lightly draping an arm around his torso, her other guiding her cock.

As he felt an arm loop around him he half awoke, instinctively letting out a little soft moan of appreciation as he snuggled back against the soft swell of her breasts. But he felt something poking between his cheeks, probably her soft cock, he reasoned, but he felt her grip tighten, felt the poking presence urge forward and with a sudden gasp, felt it press against and into his virgin ring.

"A-ah! W-w-ah?!" he gasped as he felt the sudden intrusion, she had forced the tip of her lubed cock into him in a sudden movement that made him bounce, the surprise and pain pulling him fully from sleep but she by now had both her hands around him now, holding him to her.

"Aaaahh fuck that's tight... Shhhh white boy, just let Charlene do her thing..." she purred, pleasure radiating from her voice as he squirmed, trying to pull away, his hands clawing pathetically at hers to no effect.

She was drunk, he knew, with her slightly slurred speech and the reek of alcohol there was no doubt as to her state, but the knowledge gave him little comfort as he felt her trying to pull him back tighter, urging the huge thickness of her black python further into his perfect little love hole.

He parted his lips to protest but found his mouth quickly occupied by two of her fingers, playing over and toying with his tongue, reducing his protest to a loud groan as her other hand rested on his stomach, gripping and pulling, slowly pushing herself deeper and deeper into him, each inch claiming him, showing him his true position with her, her bitch, her pet.

"That feels sooo goooood..." she moaned, biting her lip as she felt his hand now on the root of her lubed cock, it felt good, his little fingers gripping and squeezing, seemingly eager for more.

In truth he was trying to pull it back, to save his aching ass from more of her monster cock as his hole squeezed and massaged her, giving her pleasure beyond reason, his own mind blanked by the pain and the new experience, but she didn't see it like that and his hand on her cock only encouraged her to be more determined.

It was a slow conquest, but there could only ever be the single inevitable outcome, Dylan gasping, whimpering and writhing in her embrace as she held him, her full heavy balls pressed up against his smaller sack, her lubed cock hilted inside of him.

She ground her cock into him, stirring his insides as she moaned and he whimpered, him feeling impossibly full, the heat and size of her cock dominating his senses, her feeling pure bliss, his virgin hole hugging her cock like it was built for it, built for her.


After a couple of minutes had passed she rolled onto her back, bringing him with her so he lay atop of her, still with her cock held deep inside of him. Her mind was swimming and the room was spinning, she reached out with a hand and fumbled at the table beside her, almost knocking the half-empty bottle over as her hand closed around the stem of a lamp, pressing a button and clicking it on.

The room filled with its deep intimate light and she grinned, she wanted to watch his face, watch his sweet expressions as she fucked him for the first time.

"This is gonna be so much fun..." she smirked, voice full of mirth and lust, her hands moving down, looping under his legs and pulling them up, parting them.

"A-ah, p-please, it hurts!" Dylan whimpered as his eyes squeezed shut, feeling her shift and ready herself under him, one of her huge breasts supporting his head like the perfect pillow, a small comfort in his current position.

She smirked deeper, looking at his expression and she could see it clear as day written across his face, it wasn't completely a grimace of pain she saw.

Watching him she began to fuck him, her cock sliding in and out of his ass as she pushed up into him repeatedly, he whimpered and complained, always through a bitten lip, stifling whatever noises he was naturally trying to make.

She settled into a rhythm, gliding her lubed shaft up into him time and time again, maximising the pleasure on her swollen tip, her cock vanishing inside of him as one of his hands moved to grip the bed, the other gripping the sheets, she watched his expression, working his ass just as much as she was working herself, she wanted to hear him moan, wanted to hear him give into his own desires which she could see plain as day written across his face.

She sank her cock as deep into him that she could and finally a moan escaped his lips, his back arched as she began to pull back again, grinning wide at her own victory.

"Yessss..." she hissed, closing her own eyes and tilting her head back, focusing now on herself now that she had, in her own mind at least, won her little game.

The bed creaked under them as she began to bounce him on her cock, their bodies warming and becoming slick with sweat as his ass got used to its new purpose, the pain subsiding.

His own cock was hard, bouncing freely and left ignored as their voices mixed, echoing around the room in a chorus of gasps and moans, hers becoming faster and more focused as her thrusts began to come quicker and sharper, her desire to make the encounter last forever failing, as it always did, to the rising need to cum.

His voice became higher in pitch, each exhale accompanied by a slight gasp as her cock hammered the air out of him, she chewed her lip and closed her eyes, tilting her head back as her cock began to pulse and throb.

She didn't stop, she didn't even slow, as her pleasure peaked she continued to frantically pummel his ass, the experience simply became hotter and wetter as her thick load was fucked into him with a vigour she'd never felt herself give before.

She experienced absolute bliss as his squeezing, massaging ass milked and hugged her cock, constantly pleasuring her thick length and sensitive tip as he shot rope after rope into him, some shallow, some deep as her cock was constantly moving, but he knew what was happening, could feel the range of new sensations sweep over him, could feel the pleasure coursing through her in the way she moved, in the way she flexed and in the lewd noises she made.

Finally, long after she had stopped cumming her body, exhausted, began to dissipate, leaving them both panting hard, both experiencing entirely different afterglows.

They lay there for several long minutes, Dylan atop of her, her grip softening, becoming more gentle, her cock too softening inside of him, her hands loosely resting across his midriff, he finally spoke, though his voice was a little hoarse, "C-Charlene?..."

She didn't respond and after a moment he turned his head to look at her.

He saw her, eyes closed, the most heavenly peaceful expression resting on her sleeping face. He sniffed again, practically tasting the alcohol in the air. She had, he realised, finally sated passed out still inside of him.

He bit his lip gently and after a few long moments admiring that look, reached out with a quivering hand, his whole body feeling weak as he switched off the bedside light and lay there with her, his thoughts on what had just happened, until, as with Charlene, sleep took his exhausted body and mind into its warm, loving embrace.

