Neck Deep
byXtinaSmith2017©

No characters depicted in the story below are under the age of 18.

*****

James reclined casually in one of his college's library seats, book held in his hands as his eyes scanned over the lines of text they presented. The chair was comfortable, if not a little worn on the covers at the arms, a sign of the colleges struggling budget, he guessed. He had been at this college for only a couple of weeks and things were odd in comparison to his last college. Everything was samey, the attitude of the teachers, the general sense that the building was on the verge of falling apart but would likely see another twenty years of service before any major renovation, the food, but it wasn't that which stood out to James.

No, it was the people. While they too were similar, forming similar social cliques as he had seen all his life, the sporty groups, the intelligent groups, the cheerleading squads and such, it was the fact that during his couple of weeks already here he had comprehensively failed to integrate himself into any of them, really.

For James this was a real oddity, he was at heart a people person. He loved meeting new people, he loved making new friends but for some reason everyone he talked to here just sort of shrugged him off, albeit politely. It was an oddity he really couldn't put his finger on it.

He considered himself to be quite kind, friendly and from the feedback he'd received at his old college, not unattractive. In fact with his time spent on the swimming team resulting in his body being fit and lean, combined with his boyish charm, dark eyes, black hair and attractive features he had been very popular with the girls. Here, though, they didn't look at him twice.

Except for two girls, the only friends he'd managed to make.

He looked up from his book as a pair of bags were set down on his otherwise vacant table, he smiled, recognizing the pair, Brittany, and Katie, the red haired pair of twins who had become his only source of social interaction so far.

"Hey!" Brittany opened, her voice soft and melodic, pulling out a chair to sit herself down at the table beside her sister and James, her full red lips curled upwards into a charming smile.

"Hey~" Katie mimicked, taking the third and final spot at the round table, opening up her book bag and taking out a text book.

The pair of them were simply gorgeous, near identical, cheerleaders both and incredibly attractive. They both sported almost perfect athletic figures. They had recently confided in James that their cheerleading coach had lamented that the two girls had developed so well in their womanhood, their full DD breasts and wide womanly hips hindering their progress in their squad, though James had found it difficult to be sympathetic.

"Hey Brittany, Katie, what're you doing here?" he asked with a smile addressing them each by name, while he was clearly pleased to see the two of them they usually spent their lunch break in the company of their gaggle of friends. The twins were incredibly popular among the other girls. Though, other boys seemed to avoid them, which seemed odd to James, given how beautiful they were.

Katie glanced across to Brittany who flicked her long red hair back over her shoulders, offering another golden smile as she shrugged slightly. "Well, we found out you've been spending your lunches secluded in the library! We couldn't just let you sit here all alone.." he pouted cutely.

James smiled again and set his book down, looking across at the twins, admiring their features, warm gorgeous smiles, lush red hair and bright blue eyes. "Aww, that's really sweet of you. You don't have to though, I know how little time you get to spend with the girls."

Katie giggled a little, reaching across to pat him familiarly on one hand, her skin soft and warm. "Don't be so dismissive Jay, you're practically one of the girls!"

He smiled some, grateful for her words, though he knew it wasn't true. Despite being so 'in' with Katie and Brittany, the other girls in the college, even those in the twins own friendship clique avoided him.

"So uh.. You two having a good day?" he asked, resting his elbows on the table and glancing between the pair of them.

For most it was hard to tell the twins apart, Brittany and Katie looked virtually identical, kept their hair the same, dressed similarly and even acted very similar. It had taken a couple of days of knowing the pair for him to be able to spot the difference. The girls had a light smattering of freckles under their eyes and across the bridge of their noses, so light in color that they almost blended in with their pale porcelain skin. It had taken a little bit but James had learned to read the girls freckles like the stars in the sky, each having a slightly unique pattern.

He, in part, suspected that it was his ability to tell the girls apart with ease, something that even their closest of friends often failed to do, that had endeared him to them so quickly. They just seemed to love that he recognized their individuality, seeming them individually as Brittany and Katie, not just the twins everyone else saw.

Brittany shrugged a little again, crossing her legs modestly as she reclined, a soft sigh escaping her lips. "It's not been great.."

James frowned slightly, looking across at Katie with concern written across his face, noticing that, she too, was a little bit more demure than they often were. The pair of them were usually all bright and bubbly, seeing the two of them look even a little bit down was new to him.

"Is.. It anything I can help with?" he offered, the genuine concern for them clear as day in his voice.

Katie bit her lip some, looking thoughtful then she shook her head some, "Thanks, Jay.. But I don't think so. Our parents are out tonight and we invited a few of the girls around, you know for a girly night! Wine, movies, girl-talk, you know. Sleepover stuff! But.."

Brittany huffed a little. "But for one reason or another, they've all flaked. So now it's just me and sis." She glanced sidelong at Katie, a little smirk touching her features. "I mean, not that that's a bad thing! But you know. It's no sleepover."

James folded his arms a little and nodded, sympathetic in his body language and expression, feeling a little bad for them. "I know how you feel.. I haven't even had anyone around at mine since I moved here."

Brittany tilted her head some and shared a glance with Katie, the two of them perking up slightly and looking a little more attentive for some reason. "I mean.. He is one of the girls.."

Katie looked uncertain, "Well sure but.. He won't like the stuff we do.. One of the girls but.. Wine, movies and girl chat?"

Brittany shook her head, "You're right.. That wouldn't work at all.. But.. I really don't want to miss out on the opportunity of a free house."

"It could be fun?.."

"Um.." They both looked towards James as he spoke, curious. "..I can do girl talk?"

The two girls grinned a little, playful.

Katie leaned back in her chair, twirling a length of her hair through her fingers as she put on a sweet, teasing tone. "Oooh? And drink wine? And watch girly romance films? And do each other's hair? Pillow fight? Talk about boys?"

James shrugged a little, putting on a winning smile of his own. "If it means I get to spend more time with the two of you, sure."

Katie laughed some at that and nudged him with her foot under the table, "Ooh smooth talker. I bet you just want to see Brittany in her PJ's, you know she just wears a T-shirt to bed right?"

Brittany gasped, her pale cheeks flushing crimson in embarrassment as she punched a giggling Katie gently in the arm, "Katie!! Don't tell him that!"

James laughed too and rubbed the back of his neck with his hand, even Brittany ended up smiling, albeit a little shyly.

"Okay okay.. Let's all laugh at Brittany times over.." Brittany huffed, taking a deep breath to try and will away her embarrassment, "Do you want to come across tonight or not Jay?"

He put on the charade of thinking for a moment, not wanting to seem overly eager, but then with a shrug, nodded once, "Mm, sure! It'll be fun right? I've never been to a slumber party before.." he said with a smirk.

Katie and Brittany both at once seemed to brighten up, Katie speaking excitedly, "Wait really? You wouldn't mind the soppy movies, the girl chat, and the whole thing?"

"Hey, I'm one of the girls right? You've got to teach me how to be one." he laughed, joking.

Brittany's smirk deepened a little and she glanced sideways at her sister, nodding in agreement, "True, we'll have to teach you how to be one of the girls. This is going to be so much fun!"

James smiled brightly and leaned back in his chair. That couldn't have gone better if he tried. Not only had he cheered the pair of them up, but he had legitimately scored a night with two of the hottest girls in his college, though he knew they had friend-zoned the fuck out of him, he really didn't mind that in the least. They were a lovely pair of girls, and despite the fact that they were the only two people in the whole College to pay him even the slightest piece of attention, he didn't think he could've scored two nicer, more beautiful friends.

Katie nodded, her bright and bubbliness returned to her, "I just can't wait, what're we going to watch do you think?" she asked her sister, her beautiful blue eyes wide and excited.

The two started to talk about a whole multitude of films that James had only ever heard about in passing, he glanced, mystified between them and pulled out his phone, checking the time with a casual glance.

"Ah.. I have to get going to one of my classes but er.. I'll come across to yours tonight, yeah?" He said, smiling warmly as he started to pack his things into his bag.

"Hm? Oh!" Katie nodded, "Yeah I'll text you our address okay? Six sounds good?"

"Sounds goods!" He confirmed, standing and pulling his bag over one shoulder, "I'll see you both tonight then."

He waved and turned to leave, both of the girls glancing down, biting their lips as they watched his ass as he walked. Fit and athletic, his boy-butt drawing their attention as it had the first time they'd seen him on his first day.

The pair sat in silence as he walked away, waiting until he was well out of earshot before speaking again.

"..I can't believe that worked.." Brittany smirked, looking across to Katie with excitement.

"Oh my gosh.. I know! He's so sweet!! Are we having any issues with the girls?"

Brittany shook her head, "Pff.. Nothing I haven't sorted. I heard the girls saying how Helen was thinking of asking him out but I spoke to her.. She knows to leave off. Everyone knows he's ours."

Katie bit her lip and giggled, practically bouncing in her chair. "Fuck. Yes. I can't believe our luck! Who'd have thought the new boy would be so hot? Tonight is going to be the best.." she held up her fist to Brittany who bumped it, casually.

-----

James checked himself out in the self-camera of his phone as he walked down the street towards their house, he wasn't planning on doing anything or trying for anything with them, after all, he knew that if he made a play for either Brittany or Katie he would alienate the other, potentially losing a friend and even worse, potentially driving a wedge between the two girls, but he still wanted to look his best for them.

Not that it mattered, they weren't even interested in him outside of the limits of friendship, which, he supposed, worked out for him. A pair of close friends was far more valuable to him as it stood.

He glanced up at the door in front of him, tucking his phone way in his pocket and checking the number of the house against the one in his memory. Satisfied, he knocked on the door and waited.

It took a few moments but he eventually heard movement on the other side of the door, a hesitation, as he assumed whoever was on the other side checked the peephole, then the door opened.

He blinked in surprise at the sight before him, Brittany, he could tell from her freckles, dressed far more casually than he had ever seen her. Dressed in a loose, low cut tank top and equally loose shorts she looked stunning with her long pale legs on display, feet bare and smile wide. The low cut top displaying more than a fair portion of her impressive and enticing cleavage.

"Hey, Brittany! Found you easy enough." he said with a smile.

Brittany brightened up noticeably as he used her name, a slight warm hue coming to her cheeks. She absolutely adored being recognized, it seemed. "Come in Jay! We were just getting comfy!"

He laughed a little and stepped inside, kicking off his shoes and putting them to one side. Stood side by side with Brittany, he stood about on par with her in terms of height, he was quite glad in fact that the pair of them seemed opposed to high heels, else he would constantly feel small around them.

"So I see! I feel overdressed." he laughed as she shut the door behind him, locking it behind him.

She smirked and twirled lithely, as if modeling a fine dress and not a loose set of PJ's, the only thing holding her shorts on as she did so the impressive flare of her hips. "You like it?"

He watched her move, watching as her full breasts bounced enticingly in their loose confines, not held up or supported by any bra, just by the perkiness of youth. It was going to be a long night of avoiding erections, it seemed.

"I wish I looked that good in a tank top." he said with another laugh, which she joined in as she walked on through to the living room.

Inside they had really made themselves comfortable, seemingly gathering every blanket, quilt, sheet, and pillow in the house to create a soft sort of pillow hole between the couches that they had surrounded with snacks, drinks, accessories, and a big ass TV.

Katie was splayed out on the layers of pillows and quilts on the floor, wearing the same ensemble as her sister, the loose tank top draped across her skin, the flow of its fabric betraying her lack of a bra as it seemingly caught on her pert nipples.

James tried his best not to notice as he smiled, the girl springing up to give him a hug!

He laughed softly and put his arms around her, giving her a friendly hug, feeling the warmth of her body against his through the thin fabric of their clothes, feeling the softness of her full breasts squish up against his chest as they embraced.

"I'm so glad you're here!!" she gushed, grinning as she flopped to sit back on their makeshift soft mattressy fort, her breasts bouncing enticingly as she sat.

He smiled and moved to sit cross legged beside Katie, Brittany moving to sit on his other side, a smile on her own beautiful expression.

"How could I miss out on this? You two have been so kind to me it's the least I can do to reward you with my company." He smirked, joking.

"Pffff. Modest too!" Brittany giggled as Katie reached behind one of the sofa's bringing out a remote.

Brittany settled down half laying on her side, legs crossing each other as she leaned on her elbow looking towards the tv with pursed lips as Katie started to flick through the, apparently Smart TV's menu options, loading up Netflix.

"What're we going to watch first then?" James asked curiously, glancing between the two porcelain beauties flanking either side of him, acutely aware that it was just him and them.

Katie ummed a little as she scrolled through romance movies, James doing his best to seem interested as the list swished past, each option seemingly worse than the last.

"Oh oh!!" Brittany interjected, "That one! The princess one! I love that film so much.."

Katie nodded in agreement as she selected the film Brittany had indicated.

James felt his heart sink a little, not just a romance film, but a princess one. Wonderful. He let out a little sigh as Katie shuffled to the side, stretching up an arm to reach the lights, dimming them and making the atmosphere more intimate and relaxed without the clinical whiteness of the light.

James glanced between the two beauties as they settled in on either side, the pair seemingly content to watch the film as it started to play, the colors of the screen lighting up their white skin in a wonderful myriad of colors.

Katie glanced up at him, catching him looking at her. She winked playfully before settling her gaze back to the movie.

He raised his eyebrow a little, not really sure what to make of that as he settled in to watch the film, finding the spot in the covers with his back supported by the sofa incredibly comfortable.

The movie was.. Not what he expected. It had everything! Fencing. Fighting. Torture. Revenge. Giants. Monsters. Chases. Escapes. True love. Miracles.

He was so engrossed in the film, much to his own surprise that he had hardly noticed the increased attention of the two girls flanking him. By the end of the first act, he had a glass of red wine in his hands, each of the girls holding one of their own. By the end of the second act, he was on his second refill and Brittany's head was resting on his shoulder. By the time the credits rolled they had between them worked through a bottle of wine each, Katie and Brittany each reclining against him, Katie with her arms wrapped lightly around his waist, Brittany with her hand on his thigh.

As the movie ended and James came back to his senses he found himself surprised by just how close the pair had gotten, practically snuggled up to him.

Katie blinked up at him in the almost dark, her sky blue eyes wide, her expression curious and cute. "Sooo? What did you think of the movie?"

"I..." He paused, pursing his own lips and shrugging, honestly, "I really really enjoyed it." he admitted, surprised that he had so thoroughly enjoyed a romance.

Katie grinned some, "Yeah I knew you would.. Everyone loves that film. It's awesome." she giggled, tracing her fingers lightly across his flat stomach, through the thin fabric of his shirt.

He smiled a little and blushed at his realization of the two of them pressed close to him, feeling the beginning of a swelling in his pants.

He coughed a little and sat up, gently untangling himself from the two of them, standing up as they lay draped demurely on the covers, the sudden shift from horizontal to vertical, combined, with the bottle of red he had worked his way through practically made his head spin.

"Y-yeah haha, I er.. Where's the bathroom?" he asked, casually, glancing meaningfully towards the stairs.

"Mm, just up the stairs, first door on your right." Brittany answered, twirling a lock of her hair between her fingers.

He nodded, "Thanks, I uh.. Back in a minute."

Brittany and Katie watched as he retreated upstairs, hands on the wall to guide him, walking in a way they both recognized, he was carrying a 'concealed weapon' and was clearly buzzing.

They waited until they heard the door shut upstairs and Katie threw herself back onto the quilt, miming a swoon as she let out a soft loving sigh, "Oooh he's so cute.. Briiit.. I want to go first with him, pleeease?.." she pouted her full lips, glancing up adorably at her sister.

Brittany put a hand on her hip and pouted too, looking down at Katie, but she couldn't hold her disappointed expression very long, as always finding a soft spot for her sister's adorableness. "Pff.. Okay okay.." She giggled a little, watching as Katie's expression broke out into a victorious grin.

"But you'll have to share him.. I'm not going to wait on the sidelines or anything.." Brittany nodded firmly.

Katie bit her lip and shrugged, "Fine by me, it'll keep him quiet at any rate.. So um.. How should we go about this?.."

"Um.." Brittany shrugged a little, "I don't know.. I sort of expected him to take the lead and be a little more handsy?"

Katie grinned. "Yeah, he got super into the movie though.. I think he forgot we were here."

Brittany huffed but laughed, "I should be offended but that's just so fucking cute.."

They sat together in silence for a few moments.

"Maaaybe we should both secretly flirt with him? Make him think we're both trying to get it on with him without the other knowing?" Katie suggested.

Brittany pursed her lips. "I mean sure.. But.. How?"

Katie ran her hands through her hair in thought, then grinned. "Oh! I've got an idea.."

James had entered the bathroom and switched on the light, almost blinded by the comparative brightness of the white room as he stepped inside and locked the door behind him.

He let out a sigh and approached the toilet, the toilet seat was up, which would've been useful had he been in any position to pee. As it happened he had to lower the seat so he could sit down, waiting for the spinning in his head and his prominent erection to subside.

The two of them had been very.. Cuddly. Part of him thought they were being maybe even flirtatious, but that in a way made him nervous. They were both incredibly attractive and neither of them, in his books, had any shortcomings.

But there was that nagging fear, the fear that if he had to choose between one or the other, something he wasn't sure he could do since to him they were each divine, that the other would end up resenting him. He couldn't afford to lose friends he had so few.

He just had to control himself, the cuddling was probably just an aspect of the slumber party he hadn't expected. After all, he could sort of imagine the two of them and a group of their friends all snuggled up together, all dressed scantily.. All caressing each others-..

"Gah.." That wasn't helping relieve his mounting problem.

He pulled his phone out of his pants pocket and started to read up on the day's news in regards to competitive swimming, checking out the blogs of a few of his favorite swimmers and idols, though in his alcohol fueled mind he wasn't really able to take in any of the information. Despite that, fortunately, it worked like a cold shower.

As he came back downstairs he found Katie laying down on her side on the couch at the back of their set up, Brittany sat in the middle pouting cutely and rubbing at her shoulder a little awkwardly.

James frowned a little as he approached, looking a little concerned as he watched her rub at her shoulder, a wince crossing her features.

"Uh.. Hey, you okay?" He asked, trying to sound sober, seemingly catching Brittany by surprise as she lowered her hand from her shoulder, as if she'd just been caught.

"Oh um sure.. Fine.." she said, albeit meekly.

He glanced towards Katie sat on the couch who smirked a little.

"She fell over.. Too much wine~" she said in a sing song little voice. It seemed to James that she was too was maybe a little inebriated, though that wasn't surprising, given how much they'd had to drink.

"It's nothing! Just a bruise or something.." Brittany said defensively as she sat in front of James spot. "Let's just put the next movie on okay?.."

James nodded a little, a little unsure but moved to sit beside Brittany as Katie leaned over the side of the couch, mumbling to herself as her hands tried to find the remote.

"Hey, Jay.. Could you uh.. Sit behind me?" Brittany asked, voice soft.

"Oh, uh.. Sure." he replied, moving to sit back in his regular spot, he was right behind her now and couldn't see the screen for her.. "I mean.. I can't see-"

She leaned back, one of his legs on either side of his body, her back pressed to his stomach, her head resting on his chest so he could see over the top of her luscious red hair.

"Can you see now?.." she asked softly, wiggling back gently into the crook of his legs, his arms on the pillows and duvets to either side of himself, not really sure where to put them.

"I.."

"Got it!" Katie sat up, gripping the remote victoriously and blinked, eying the position she now saw James and Brittany in. "...Well, you two look cosy.."

Brittany glanced over at her sister, smirking a little herself. "Ooh, he um.. He knows all about physical fitness and stuff.. Said he could give my shoulder a massage? Make it less sore, you know?"

Katie glanced at the helpless James and had to suppress a smirk, this whole fighting over him thing may have been an act the two of them had devised, but she couldn't help but love the wide eyed expression on his face. "Is that true Jay?.."

"I.. I mean.. It could actually help her." he nodded a little, clearly a little taken aback by the sudden shift in moods.

"..Hm.. Okay!" Katie smiled then, laying down on the couch behind him and pressing play.

This movie he knew of. The Princess Diaries. A different beast entirely. He let a soft little sigh, he hadn't seen the film, but knowing of it meant he knew what he was in for. Whereas the last Princess film had been a pleasant surprise, he wasn't quite so confident that this one would be a shock hit with him.

Which was just fine for the girls, they'd had to suffer through him actually enjoying the last film and they couldn't have that happen twice.

Katie hummed a little as she innocently tweaked the volume up, turning the lights off completely and plunging them into darkness, the only light in the room coming from the screen.

Brittany glanced back over her shoulder, her eyes sparkling as they caught the light, looking up at James, biting her full lower lip softly, speaking in barely a whisper.

"You gonna give me that massage?.." she said, voice soft and enticing.

"O-oh.. Er.. Sure." he smiled a little and moved his hands to her shoulders, feeling the smoothness of her skin under his hands interrupted only by the thin straps of her tank top.

She relaxed back against him, feeling a blush touch her cheeks at his strong hands but surprisingly delicate touch. She gently tugged a duvet over herself, up to her neck and slid the thin strands of her tank top down the sides of her shoulders, leaving the tops bare for his touch.

"There.. Can't let them get in the way now can we, Jay?"

James cleared his throat a little and tried not to think about it too much, about her warm body pressed against him, her lower back resting on his groin, his hands resting on her perfectly smooth skin.

He swallowed, mouth dry, head swimming from the wine and the scenario he found himself in, "Uh.. No?"

He squeezed his hands down on her shoulders, he had actually had some physio training as a part of his swimming skill set and while he was by no means a qualified masseuse, he knew where to squeeze and how hard..

"O-ooh.." Brittany said, her voice quavering a little as he started to work the muscles of her shoulders with his hands, he knew what he was doing and she could feel it.

As a cheerleader herself, Brittany had to maintain a certain level of fitness. To James questing fingers her shoulders and arms felt deceptively strong, like she had a strength she seldom used.

He sat there for some time, his mind in a state of extreme focus. He was doing his very, very best to follow the movie. With the soft moaning sounds being elicited from Brittany and her body moving ever so slightly against his he was all but relying on the terribleness of the movie to kill his would-be boner.

He started a little, feeling Brittany's hands on his, stopping him from massaging her, hesitating, just holding his hands. She could hear his heart beating in his chest, knew he was putty in her hands.

She urged his hands down under the covers where they were out of sight from Katie and she chewed her lip some. As he had been massaging her she had subtly worked her tank top further down her body.

She blushed warmly as she guided his hands down under her arms, as if suggesting he wrap his arms around her waist in a soft embrace. However, at the last moment, she raised his hands, arching her back a little as she felt his strong but soft hands cup and weigh her full, heavy and most noticeably, bare breasts.

She felt him tense as he realized what he was holding and moved to pull his hands away, obviously confused as if what he was doing was an accident, but she held him there, squeezing his hands in her own so there was no mistaking her soft, perky breasts, clasped in his hands.

She tilted her head back and, with the softest of smirks, caught his eye, as if to say what he was doing was not only okay but encouraged.

His face was a picture, an adorable mixture of arousal and pure, unadulterated terror, but as she continued to squeeze his hands in hers, he started to relax, taking over and mimicking her guided action, groping her breasts.

She let out a satisfied sigh and lowered her hands from his, leaving them cupping and fondling her breasts, her hands resting on his legs, giving a reassuring squeeze as she relaxed fully against him, enjoying the film.

James was at a complete loss, unable to comprehend the fullness of the situation, here he was with Katie splayed out innocently behind him on the couch he was resting against while he sat there, pretending to be innocent but with his hands cupping and massaging her sister's breasts.

"Shh.." Katie whispered in his ear, almost causing him to jump in surprise as she broke his reverie, the shock of the sudden whisper must've spooked him enough to give a sudden squeeze with hands as Brittany let out a little writhe against him, that was bad, he was already sporting a semi and he knew before long Brittany's comfy spot would be just a little spoiled by a shaft to the back.

He tilted his head back, resting the back of his head against the softness of the couch to look up at Katie, uncertain and questioning, trying his best to look innocent as Katie smiled naughtily at him.

She leaned in close, so close he felt her lips brush against his ear, whispering so soft as to ensure Brittany couldn't hear, "I wanna make out.."

His eyes went wide and he opened his mouth to speak, to object, to protest, but she placed a finger against his lips, shushing him.

She pulled her finger away and before he had a chance to object her lips found his, full, soft and sweet, she kissed him, his head resting back against the couch, her hand on his neck, caressing as their lips ever so softly met, a single peck developing into a slow kiss, he couldn't help himself, at the mercy of their mutual forwardness.

No good could possibly come of this, he knew, he knew in fact that after this there was no coming back. There would be a confrontation, he would at best, lose a friend, at worst he would lose two.

The idea of that hurt, but fortunately the wine fuzzing his mind stopped him from over thinking about what could be, and instead let him focus on what was.

He had a gorgeous, busty redhead laying between his thighs, her full breasts pressed eagerly into the palms of his hands as she squeezed and kneaded them. He had another gorgeous redhead with her lips pressed firm to his, their tongues intermingling in a long, impassioned kiss.

Regardless of what was to come, this memory would be forever, and it would be a highlight of his youth.

For what felt like hours but could only have been minutes he floated on cloud nine between the two thirsty twins.

It had been inevitable given his situation, but no matter how hard he had tried to avoid it, his cock had hardened against Brittany's lower back and in their position, with her leaning against him nestled between his legs there was no way she hadn't noticed it.

As if to tease him Brittany squirmed a little back against him, which for the lust and alcohol addled James, was just one step too far.

He let out a low moan of pleasure, the noise audibly muffled.

The odd, muffled noise was enough to briefly get Brittany's attention, causing her to glance up and see her boy toy tongue wrestling her twin.

"A-hey!" She said, causing Katie and James both to jump in surprise, looking down with matching, guilty looks. "Are you kissing?!"

"Buuh.. I err.." James started, but Katie interrupted.

"He's clearly holding your tits!" she accused, James pointedly removed his hands from Brittany's chest, which only served to make him seem even more guilty.

"I told you I wanted him for myself!" Brittany stated, frowning.

Katie huffed some and draped her arms over his neck, "Yeah well I want him! He's an amazing kisser~"

Brittany narrowed her eyes some, she could see the panic setting in on James, the boy was so unsure of how to react it was simply adorable. "Which one of us do you want?.."

James practically felt his heart stop, all color draining from him, that was the question he had been expecting and dreading.

"I.. I er.. I um.. I.. I.."

Katie frowned and shook his head, "It's not fair making him pick like that!"

He let out a shaky breath, "I uh.. Yeah. That."

Brittany looked despondent. "I don't see any other option! He's a nice guy, it's not like he'd be willing to share us!"

Katie sighed deeply and flopped back into her chair. "I know, right?"

James hesitated, unsure whether or not he had genuinely just heard that exchange. "I.... Is... Is... That an option?..."

Katie sat up on her elbows, looking down at him over the swell of her breasts, eyebrows raised slightly. "Well yeah? I mean we both want you.. We just... You know, thought you were such a nice guy you'd have issues with being with the both of us."

"I... Really?" James said, voice filled with uncertainty and disbelief.

Brittany shrugged a little, looking up at him, "Sure? Are you okay with sharing?"

"Am I okay with having the two most amazing, gorgeous women as my girlfriends?.." He said, a little smirk coming onto his features, "I-"

"Whoa whoa whoa.." Brittany interrupted, nudging him, "We aren't talking about girlfriends Jay. We're talking about fucking. Tonight. Like animals." she pursed her lips then smirked, "If you're really good we can talk about being your 'girlfriends' in the morning."

James blinked, he had started to recapture his earlier confidence but just like they had washed it away again.

"Yes?" Katie asked, poking him in the head.

"I... Yes?" He said though it came out more like a question.

Brittany giggled some and smirked, rolling over to bring herself face to face with him, "Things might get a little bit freaky.. Is that okay?"

James eyed her, feeling his heart pounding in his chest, he just nodded. He, at this point, barely cared what freaky things they might have in mind, he was going to fuck the two hottest girls in his school. Twins. At the same time.

He was just about to pinch himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming when Katie bit his ear, whispering, "But we promise you'll enjoy it, eventually..."

He shivered, the tone of her voice had been filled with promise. "A-anything.." he said, finding himself on the back foot, he had been developing ideas, laying down positions in his mind as to what he could and would do to these two, but their attitudes were shifting, less demure and enticing more... Predatory.

Brittany knelt up between his thighs and smirked, throwing the duvet aside she casually lifted her tank top up and over her head, casting it aside, letting her full pale breasts bounce free, each full mound tipped by the hard nipples he had been toying with just minutes before..

He reached out a hand to cup them, but she leaned back out of reach, smirking teasingly as she moved to lay on her back in the middle of the pillow and duvet makeshift-mattress, beckoning to him with a finger.

He leaned forward but was stopped by Katie's hands, he looked over his shoulder towards her, curious as to why she had stopped him.

Her nimble hands moved to lift his own shift off, his arms raising as he let her take it off over his shoulders, he watched their eyes drink him in, admiring his slender, fit body for a few long moments before Katie pressed on his back, urging him after her sister.

He didn't need more prompting than that.. He crawled over to Brittany, leaning over her on his knees and elbows.

She writhed eagerly under him, her arms wrapping around his neck, her legs crossing behind his back, holding him as she dragged him down into the depths of her kiss, lips full and soft, identical to her sisters as they kissed, her tongue quick to seek out his own, one hand gripping a handful of his hair, the other clawing lightly at his back, sending a shiver down his spine as his smooth chest pressed down against the fullness of her breasts, soft and supple under his body.

As he made out with her, feeling his cock now hard in his pants he felt Katie's presence behind him, her hands on his hips as if on doggy style as he lay atop her sister, felt her hands caress down under his body to his belt and pants, skilled fingers undoing his buckle and his buttons.

He blushed as he felt her thumbs hook under the fabric of his jeans, starting to work them down over his body, revealing his ass to her.

Katie let out a coo of delight as his ass came into view, letting out a little giggle as she lowered his jeans till they were around his knees, her fingers squeezing one of his cheeks. "Nice ass babe.." She teased playfully.

He tried to mumble a response but was muffled by Brittany's long passionate kiss so instead had to leave Katie's questing fingers to go about their adventure.

He moaned a little into the kiss as he felt her hand dip between his thighs, finding the steely hardness of his length. She squeezed, he moaned.

Katie grinned as she made a fist around the shaft of his cock, starting to stroke him off in the little space between him and her sister, letting out an appreciative little noise. "Oooh.. He's about a seven Brit.."

"Mmfm-eight-ah!" he tried to speak but was chastised by Brittany, his lip held between her teeth for a long moment before she drew him back into a kiss.

"Seven and a half then.." Katie smirked as she worked her fist in slow but steady motions along the length of his cock.

"This is where it gets fun.." she purred, leaning down.

James started, pressing himself down tighter against Brittany as he felt a foreign, though not entirely unpleasant sensation.

Katie's beautiful, angelic face was pressed between his firm cheeks, her tongue lavishing over his asshole, lapping up over it in long strokes then working around it in tight little circles.

He tried to squirm, tried to protest but he found Brittany's grip, with her legs wrapped firmly around his waist to be quite restraining, holding him in place as Katie's one hand worked his cock and her tongue worked his ass.

It was freaky, but it felt good, so who was he to complain?

With the lances of pleasure working through his body from her tongue and hand, and unable to do anything about it one way or the other he decided to focus his attentions on Brittany, if they wanted a little bit of freaky, who was he to deny them that?

Brittany gasped as she felt his strong, powerful hand suddenly around her throat, felt him squeeze as he restricted the flow of air to her lungs, she squirmed, but didn't let go of him, struggling to breathe as his tongue played with hers.

He choked her for several long moments, kissing her deep the entire time he did so, it was only when her nails started to painfully dig into the skin of his back that he released her throat.

Brittany pushed him up a little, causing Katie to back off in surprise as Brittany sat up and coughed a few times, gasping and panting hard, a pale hand at her reddened neck, staring up at James in her own surprise.

He blinked some, "Uh.. Too far?.." he asked, a little embarrassed, even as his cock twitched and throbbed between them.

"Fucking amazing.." Brittany laughed some, her cheeks flushed a bright red, her eyes half lidded with lust and desire, "Though I'm going to make you pay so much for that.. Katie, let's bring him upstairs.. I want to play for real now."

Katie, excited, nodded and stood, moving off upstairs before James and Brittany had a chance to rise and follow, James kicking off his pants leaving him entirely nude, Brittany making sure James walked ahead, giving him a playful nudge every time he tried to look back. He was just trying to catch a glimpse of her tits, they both knew, but after his little show she was pretty sure he would catch a glimpse of something else a little lower on her body if she let him look.

He walked upstairs and followed after Kate's footsteps, entering a room and finding the lights off, the pitch darkness. He heard Brittany enter behind him, heard her close the door.

"Do you trust us?"

Without his sight to distinguish them he couldn't tell who had spoken, but it didn't matter.

"Y-yes."

"Good. We want to see what we're doing.. But we don't want to you see.. Trust us." he felt something slip over his eyes, covering the top portion of his head.

Katie moved to turn a bedside light on. It cast a sultry light over the room, low and warm in color it brightened the room enough for the twins to see their quarry, but not enough to spoil the mood.

James however, could only see black as he realized he was blindfolded. He swallowed some and felt the girl's presence move around him, heard their footsteps, felt the breeze of the passing against his skin. They were circling him like a pair of sharks, assessing and admiring him.

He stood a little straighter, trying to look his best, his cock erect and pointing straight ahead.

"Hot as fuck.." one of them breathed low, the other letting out a low purr of agreement.

He felt hands taking his wrists from behind him, pulling them back slightly, he squirmed, unsure what they were doing, at least until he felt a fluffy softness encasing a steely core ring each of his wrists. Fuzzy handcuffs, clicking into place on his wrists, pulled behind his back.

He gave an experimental tug on his new restraints, expecting them to be cheap plastic things for fun, but found they had literally no give on them.

"They're um.. Strong handcuffs.." he commented uncertainly.

"Say ahh.." a voice said.

He furrowed his brow in confusion, "Ahh?" he asked, but quickly found an object pushed between his lips, straps moving around to secure it to his head. "Mmf?"

It was, he recognized, like a ball gag, but flat with an odd disc in the center, when they said they were into some freaky stuff they hadn't been kidding.

"Do you think that's enough?.." a voice asked.

"He could still run.." the other sister, the tone amused. "Not faster than the two of us.. That and I locked the door, he couldn't get far.."

"Still.. Best to be sure."

He felt hands on him, guiding him to move forward. He complied, if only out of sheer curiosity for what they had planned.

He let out a muffled sound of surprise as his knees found the edge of a bed, with a hand pressing against his back and his arms bound behind him as they were, the outcome was inevitable.

James hit the bed like a dead weight, bouncing a little as he got a face full of mattress, the duvet doubtless downstairs in the heap they had been snuggled up on.

The two giggled and hands moved on him, tugging, repositioning, more cuffs? This time on each of his ankles, binding him to the lower bedposts.

He tried wriggling, feeling incredibly exposed as he was unable to close his thighs, unsure what they had planned or how he was effectively supposed to fuck either of them in his position. He figured this must have just have been part of some foreplay.

"You said you wanted to go first, right Katie?" Brittany's voice then, he could hear her as she spoke, moving around onto the bed at the top by his head.

"Mmhm! Readied him up and everything while he was choking you.." Katie teased and he felt her hands grip his wrists. With surprising strength he felt himself raised up, his chest coming off the bed, supported by his knees and her grip.

He felt fingers on his head and around his gag. He thought for a moment Brittany was going to remove it but instead, something came free. He breathed in through his mouth, feeling cool air fill his lungs but his mouth was still held wide open.

"I'm going to take off his blindfold now.." Brittany said softly, an eagerness and a hunger in her voice as her hands moved once more to his head.

He wriggled some, welcoming the relief of the blindfold falling free of his face, hoping it would give some insight into their plans and intentions, his cock was aching between his thighs, all the promises of what were to come, all the fantasies playing out in his head had hardly been sated by the brief stroke Katie had given him.

"Hey cutie.." Brittany said, looking into his eyes as he blinked, adjusting to the light, drinking in the scene.

Brittany was laid out before him on the bed, propped up by the pillows, her body nude, her thighs spread. She was gorgeous, her porcelain skin simply flawless, from the top of her head to the tip of her twitching cock. To the tip... Of her...

"Uhhh.." was all he could say through the ring gag as he felt her hands tangle in his hair.

"Shh.." Brittany winked and pulled his head down.

His eyes went wide as he felt her thick, pale cock slip effortlessly into his mouth through his ring gag, he couldn't understand it, couldn't believe it, even as she moaned and started to tug his head up and down, jerking off her cock using the soft wetness of his unguarded mouth, the thick red tip of her cock pushing deep into him, depressing his tongue and filling him.

"Oooh fuck that feels so good.." she moaned, as his saliva began to coat her thick cock, easing its passage in and out of his velvety mouth even as he made a series of alarmed noises around her length.

"I bet this will feel better.." Katie said in a light little sing-song voice from behind, snapping his focus to something even more 'pressing'.

As he felt something slippery and hot slip between his cheeks to kiss up against his wet little star he began to struggle for real, pulling and squirming with a desperation against his restraints.

While with his ankles and wrists bound there was very little he could do, he could still sway his hips and ass, dislodging the thick cock that was planning on taking residence. But, as he did, Brittany pulled down with sudden force and in a sharp moment of panic, he felt the thick meat filling his mouth push into his tight, helpless throat.

He gagged wetly around the invading tool as it obscenely bulged his slender throat, causing him no small amount of pain and discomfort, he looked up at Brittany with wide, teary eyes as his lips were pressed suddenly to the base of her cock, her heavy balls resting against his chin.

"..Don't look at me like that.." she smirked playfully, "I told you I'd get you back for choking me.. Now let my sister have her fun or I'll hold it here till you black out.. Understand?" she hesitated, "..Blink twice for yes."

He squirmed, trying to break free from her grip, but the deceptive strength he had noticed in them earlier was all too evident now.

He blinked twice.

She pulled him up until only the thick tip of her cock was between his abused lips, smirking as he coughed, drawing in hot lungfuls of air, a saliva rolling down her shaft. "Good boy.."

Katie huffed and placed her hard cock back between his cheeks, her hands on his wrists, squeezing him, "Pff, that was rude of you Jay.."

Brittany giggled a little, "I know right?"

James felt the hands around his head pulling him down, eager and impatient to resume their activities again and he looked up into the smirking, twinkling eyes of Brittany as she started to force him to blow her again. She blew him a kiss, winking. "Try sucking it, honey.. It'll take your mind off.. Well.. You know.."

"Pff like hell it will.." Katie giggled as she pressed forward, struggling a little to find her mark, her cock too big and his hole too small, too slick, with both her hands occupied holding James up for Brittany's fun it took a few failed pokes and prods before her hard, lubricated shaft finally seemed to find a spot that gave to her advances.

James arched his back and tried to pull away on reflex, but with Katie's hands holding him up and the locks around his ankle he had nowhere to go but onto her cock.

He felt his skin break out in a sweat as her cock spread his virgin hole, stealing his virtue as the tip of her cock found its home in his hot, slick ass. "A-aah fuck.. Fuck yes.."

Tears rolled freely down his flushed cheeks as Katie sank inch after inch of her impressive length into him. Like every other aspect of the twins, their cocks he knew would likely be identical and judging by the sheer length and thickness of the shaft filling his mouth, his ass still had the worst to come.

"Seriously honey.. Suck it.." Brittany's voice, her lips pursed as she reached down to pinch his nose, depriving him of air as her cock slid in and out of the now slick ring gag into the addictive heat and pleasure of his small mouth.

He whimpered around her desperately, hardly able to focus on her words for the building heat and pressure as Katie worked her hips forward and backward, rocking ever so slowly, each push forward pressing just a little more into him.

Before long, however, his lungs were burning, his need for air intensifying. He tried to inhale and heard a fresh, lustful moan from Brittany as he effectively sucked on her cock. "Y-yeah.. Just like that.." she said, releasing his nose.

As she did the suction stopped as he breathed in hot and frantic through his nose. She pouted, "Either you suck or I keep denying you air Jay cutie.."

He whimpered, but complied, sucking on her thick cock as she fed him her shaft, gliding his mouth and lips up and down her cock.

"Almost in sweetie?.." She asked her sister.

"U-uh.. About half way.." Katie said, her voice deep with desire and pleasure.

"Don't tell me you're going soft on him.." Brittany grinned, watching her sister with amusement as she casually used his face as a masturbation aid more than anything, a constant string of lewd wet noises emitting from his occupied mouth as she used him.

Katie pursed her lips, "N-no!" she said, far too defensively, blushing as Brittany's grin grew wider.

Katie bit her lip and looked down at James, looking at the point where they connected, half of her pale cock spearing his little hole, stretching it around her.

She pointedly tightened her grip on his wrists and after only a moment's hesitation, slammed herself forward as she jerked him back, causing the whole bed to rock as her cock slid home, hilting inside him as his whole body tensed as he tried and failed to pull away from Katie, trying and failing too to scream around Brittany's cock, his muffled cry of pain serving only to send little vibrations of pleasure coursing through down her cock.

"O-ooh.. Oooh my god.. This is.. This is so good Brittany.. We've got to keep him as our boyfriend.. I need to fuck him every night.. Every morning.. Twice at college.."

Brittany bit her lip and nodded some, "Fuck Katie.. Y-yeah we need to keep him.. If his ass is anything like his sweet mouth.. A-ah.. For a straight boy, he's just so, ah, so good at sucking cock.. His mouth was made for this.."

He looked up at Brittany, his eyes wide and red and she saw the pain in his expression and pursed her lips a little, feeling a tiny pang of regret. "Hey hey, cutie.. Don't look so sad! You've got two loving girlfriends now.. And don't worry, that'll start feeling good.."

"Eventually. Probably not tonight.." Katie mused as she was seemingly finished with being content just being hilted inside him, her hips starting to move as she started, in earnest now, to fuck him.

Each thrust broke James down a little more, made him more and more aware of his weakness and serving to highlight their dominance and control over him, he was their plaything and there wasn't a thing he could do about it.

They were both quite quiet lovers, their voices letting out loving little moans and whimpers between hot and heavy breathes, a contrast to his own gasping and crying out, spit roasted by the two gorgeous twins, their cocks sliding in and out of him.

It didn't take long before they settled into a mutual rhythm, each of them pushing their thick lengths into him in time with one another, leaving him feeling in one instant entirely filled then in the next completely empty.

It seemed that Katie was setting the tempo as she pushed her cock into the delicious heat of his virgin ass, lost in the mounting pleasure he was bringing her as she took him, Brittany just matched the bouncing of his body as Katie pulled and fucked him, tugging his head up and down her length, her own pleasure beginning to mount.

"I-i've been so worked up for this.. I don't think I'm going to last.. Ah.. Ah.. That much longer.." Brittany panted gently, squirming as she lavished in the sensations of his soft spongy tongue forced against the smooth skin of her hard shaft and thick cockhead.

"F-fuck.. Me too.. His ass.. So fucking good.. A-ah.. A few days of this and he'll have the best fucking pussy for us.."

Brittany arched her back and closed her eyes, moaning louder as she thought about that, thought about him practically living at theirs, at their beck and call to service their cocks. She knew he would be theirs, that he would belong to them, service them, even grow to love them both, probably.

"F-fuck.. I'm going to make you swallow like a good boy.." she growled a little, breaking tempo from Katie as she felt her balls tighten in their smooth sack, felt her cum rise and her pleasure start to peak.

"A-aah.. Jay.. Fucking.. Ah.. Fucking take it.. A-ah!!" Brittany forced his head down, forced her cock back into the wonderfully tight confines of his throat as her thick cockhead throbbed, pulsing in time with her quick heart beat as she started to deposit her thick, hot cum straight into his waiting stomach, "Y-yes.. Swallow it.. Take it.. Take my cum!"

James felt it, felt every hot pulse of fluid as it was fed down his throat, unable to refuse her demands, unable to spit, only able to take it like the 'good boy' she wanted him to be, all the while Katie's steely, thick shaft sliding in and out of his slick little love hole.

"Uhhh Britt?.." Katie's voice, cutting through the haze of pleasure that had dulled all of Brittany's senses.

Her eyes fluttered open and she looked down at Jay, her cock, now only semi-hard was hilted inside the warmth of his mouth and the addicting tightness of his throat, his face red and strained as she unintentionally deprived him of air with her softening python.

"Oops.." She giggled a little, letting go of her cock and watching as he pulled his own head up, her saliva soaked cock popping free of his abused lips and flopping limp and glistening against her thigh, a few strings of spit and cum linking her shining red tip to his open mouth.

Katie released his wrists and his head fell to rest on Brittany's thigh, her soft wet cock pressed against his nose as Katie moved her hands to press down on his back and then to raise his ass.

"Face down ass up baby.." She cooed as she gripped his hips, finding opportunity in the new position to increase her tempo still until he was bouncing off of her cock, his hole clamping and squeezing her pleasurably as she used him, Brittany gently stroking and caressing his face, as if to soothe him as he was taken.

The only sounds in the room were that of sex, his gasps and pants, her moans and whimpers, the slick sound of a thick cock pounding a tight virgin, the slapping of flesh on flesh as her hips bounced again and again into his cheeks, her heavy breasts bouncing on her chest.

"You close?" Brittany asked, soft fingers lovingly caressing James cheek, wiping away his tears and spit.

"Y-yes.. J-just a.. Just a few more.." Katie whimpered, her cock pulsing inside him, "I-inside.. Or out?.."

Brittany pursed her lips in thought, "Mm.. In.. Let him know what it feels like to be our woman.."

Katie nodded and chewed her lip, doubling down on her focus as she sheathed herself inside of him, feeling the pleasure build, drawing closer and closer until finally, the dam broke, the pleasure peaking as her climax hit.

Brittany watched the expression of absolute bliss across her sister's face and knew she was cumming, her tempo and pace changing drastically from hard, fast thrusts to even harder but slower trusts, snapping her hips forward each time a pulse of cum shot from her hard cock into his yielding ass, filling him with her gift, emptying her load deep inside of her new boyfriend.

"A-ah.. Oh.. Oh god.." Katie panted as she fulfilled oh so many of her fantasies in a moment, her grip lessening as she let him relax, leaning over him, her thrusts slowing and stopping as she stayed balls deep in him, letting each last drop of cum find it's home in his body.

"Good for you too?" Brittany asked her sister, grinning playfully as her sister's climax started to wain.

"S-so good.. So amazing.." she panted, swallowing as she ever so slowly started to withdrew her softening cock from his stretched hole, watching as the wet, glistening asshole closed slowly, trapping her cum within him.

She sat back, kneeling on the bed, feeling exhausted from the workout, "Gods I need a break.." Katie giggled a little as she recovered her breath, glancing up at her sister with a playful smirk, "So er.. What do we do now?.." she asked, looking down at the spent James, his eyes closed, his mouth drooling, his breath coming hot and slow, though she was sure he was awake.

Brittany looked down too at their trophy, gently caressing her fingertips over his silky skin, "Mm.. Switch places?.."


Neck Deep Ch. 02
byXtinaSmith2017©

James lay on his back, fingers gripping desperately at the cool bed sheets under his body as he was bounced forward and back by his new 'girlfriend's' thick, invading cocks. With one gliding in and out of his mouth and another eagerly mating his ass the twins had sapped all strength from him to the point that, even now, as he lay between them, his legs unbound but his wrists still tied, he knew he was helpless from stopping Katie and Brittany who, as they had promised, after a break to have a drink and to put on some high heels, had switched places, continuing their efforts to ravish him like a girl.

Brittany panted and moaned, kneeling below James, his legs up in the air, his feet at her shoulders, her hands gripping his knees as she fucked him, her ivory cheeks again flushed with colour as she kissed his calf affectionately, plunging her cock in and out of his hot tight hole, using her sisters own cum from their first round on him as a depraved, but effective, lubricant.

Katie knelt too, only at the opposite end of the boy, her strong thighs on either side of his head as she faced her sister, sliding her cock slowly forward and back, enjoying the lewd wet warmth of his mouth and, with increasing frequency as he got accustomed to it, his throat as she eased her cock in and out of it, her moans softer and less intense than Brit's even as he sucked on her length.

The both of them were focused on the same point, watching each time as his slender throat swelled, showing the outline of Katie's cock each time she urged herself that far forward. The view hypnotic in its lewdness, the display helping to drive both of the girls forward and ever closer to another climax, another opportunity to sate their combined lusts on their new boyfriend.

"Mm, this is the best sleepover ever." Katie giggled, voice low and sultry as she slid her shaft between his plush lips, still held open by his ring-gag and across his fleshy tongue to push deep into his throat, a hand caressing his chest, another at her own full pale breast, enjoying the sensations as she squeezed and toyed with herself.

"A-ah... Fuck, I know, right?" Brittany looked up at her sister as she spoke, smirking briefly between deep breaths which, much like her tempo, was moving faster than her twins, her soft gasps, Katie's loving moans and the lewd, wet noises rising from their new boyfriend mingling to fill the room in the symphony of sex.

Brit looked back down to where her body joined with his, her cock pushing deep, sawing in and out of his tight little ass, his own cock, a decent size she had to admit, was hard against his stomach, a few spots of pre laying on his skin where his own cock had leaked, her constant hammering of his prostate practically milking it from him. "What're... Uh... We gonna do with him after this?"

"Aww, all worn out and going to need a break?" Katie teased playfully, the tone of their banter virtually unchanged on circumstance, either sitting around the lunch table at college or kneeling opposite one another, naked before each other and balls deep in their new 'boyfriend'.

Brittany poked her tongue out briefly at her twin as she made a few poignant thrusts into the boy under her, "Said the girl who's moving so slow she might as well be stationary, I'm getting a proper work out here!"

Katie giggled a little and rolled her shoulders, Brittany wasn't wrong, but Katie was lavishing in the sensations her slow long thrusts were bestowing her, enjoying as he obediently sucked on her cock as he had done for Brittany, "Well... We could have a pillow fight, or play truth or dare, or have a... Oooh... The makeover?"

"The makeover! Why didn't I think of that!" She looked down at James, her hands sliding from his knees to his thighs, hugging his legs to her heavy breasts as she envisioned it. "Makeup, a wig, he'll look adorable!" Brit all but cooed as she fucked him, feeling her excitement rise.

"Oh for sure..." Katie smirked, looking down at him too, her hands moving to caress his chest. He had briefly tried to resist when they had untied his legs, but drained as he was and still bound at the wrists, compared to the strength of the two of them he had quickly realised he was helpless to their whims. She tweaked his nipples which caused him to squirm in surprise, a weak gurgling moan escaping from around her cock.

"Oh, this is going to be so hot, come on, let's finish up so we can get started." Brittany said, digging her fingertips into the flesh of his thighs. She could imagine it now, all made up for them, the image caused a deeper moan to escape her lips, just thinking about it made her shiver.

Though Katie found her sister's sudden eagerness amusing, she merely bit her lip and nodded. She was drawing close to climax anyway and didn't need to be told twice, her eyes scanning over his gorgeous form. Despite being literally balls deep in the hot piece of ass, she could still hardly believe how lucky they had been in getting him exactly where they had wanted him, the trick now would be in somehow keeping him there.

Katie and Brittany had had their fun with a number boys over the years, though they had been rejected by twice as many again. James, however, had been the first one to so entirely enrapture the both of them that they had been able to set aside their natural urges of jealousy and monogamy, more than happy to share him if it meant each getting a piece.

On his back James had his eyes closed as he tried to make sense of his situation. Not that he had closed them to help him focus, no, it was because if he opened them he knew all he would see would be the underside of her slick cock and her two heavy balls as they were repeatedly pressed forward against his face.

Deprived of his sight James's mind was beset by his remaining senses. He listened to their conversation and felt a widening pit of dread forming in him, a heady mix of short term panic that these two red-haired angels turned demons were about to deposit another load of cum in him and a longer term panic of the humiliation of the proposed makeover.

He tried to think, tried to devise a way to escape, but every time he started to order his thoughts Katie would press especially deep into his throat and hold it there, depriving him of oxygen as he choked on her thick, engorged cock, or Brittany would give him an especially hard, deep thrust, breaking any concentration he could muster.

Oddly, for James, it was Katie who was making his life more difficult. Though the shame and humiliation of being fucked was paramount in his mind, the pain of his ass-fucking was dwindling, becoming more of a deep, persistent throb that, though he couldn't yet admit it, wasn't all pain. No, it was Katie's cock, playing with his ability to breathe that had him the most worried, his anxieties massing around his thoughts of what she would do when she soon came, remembering how Brittany had hilted herself, lost in the moment and almost choked him out on her cock.

Katie watched, arousal mounting, as Brittany pounded the boy's ass with a renewed vigour, his body bouncing on the bed with such tenacity that she hardly had to move her hips to have his lips move along the length of her shaft. She drank in the view in a sweeping gaze, his bulging neck, fit chest, his hard cock, her sister's length, vanishing and reappearing in and out of James, her porcelain skin, her heavy breasts bouncing and jiggling with each thrust, her sister's lust and pleasure ridden expression.

She continued to watch, entranced, recognising the shift in Brit's demeanour and expression, the way she tilted her head back slightly and closed her eyes, her lips parted and her breaths coming through fast, each exhale joined by a gasping moan.

Katie swallowed as Brit's grip hardened on the boy's thighs and her thrusts slowed but sharpened, pushing herself as deep as she could which each short hard thrust, holding herself inside him for a few moments each time she did so.

From her pleasured expression and the sudden way James arched his back, his movements inadvertently pressing Katie's cock deeper into his throat, her balls grinding into his face as he tried to move away from Brittany, Katie knew her twin was unloading her second load of the day, and her first into his claimed ass.

Their sounds, though distinct, with his muffled groans of distress and her lustful moans of pleasure intertwined like their bodies into the same rhythm. Katie knew each joined noise from the pair of them signified a pulse of Brittany's cock, meaning another dose of intense pleasure for Brittany and another hot rope of cum left deep inside of James.

Katie bit her lip, enjoying the lewd display and enjoying the sensations of the squirming boy beneath her, each elicited groan from him helping to up her enjoyment. She made eye contact with Brittany and saw the lust and bliss in the twinkling orbs, Katie winked and Brit winked back.

James groaned around the thick, now familiar cock filling his throat. He had quickly come to discover that, as in virtually every other respect, this too was identical when it came to the twins, the shape, the size, even the amount they came, all the same. He choked on her fat cock as Brittany came inside of him, the pool of heat within him growing as she shot sticky rope after sticky rope into him, using him for her pleasure, in that moment nothing more than a toy to them both.

As Brittany's climax subsided and her cock started to soften, still buried deep within him he felt Katie's hands move to grip his shoulders, desperately he tried to wriggle free, but her grip on him stiffened and with Brittany still holding his thighs, he could barely move, let alone escape.

Having watched the splendour of her sister cumming in the boy Katie found herself picking up her own pace, her slow needy movements increasing to the point where she wasn't so much making love to his mouth anymore, now fucking his throat.

Brittany held her softening cock inside of James as she watched her sister as she had herself been observed, enjoying the expressions, the movements, the degrading sound of her sisters heavy, full balls slapping into his face as her speed mounted.

Katie moved a hand to his throat, gripping it and squeezing, feeling the warmth of his skin under her fingers, the curve of his throat, the movement of her cock expanding and contracting as she fucked him. She chewed her lip now, hips snapping forward as she hilted herself inside of him, feeling his choking gags milking her cock.

She felt her balls twitch, even pressed against his face as they were as she held herself deep, denying him the air she knew he wanted instead choosing to embrace the waves of orgasmic splendour that was sweeping through her curvy body.

Her cum erupted down his throat, giving him no option to swallow, instead, her hot seed just pulsed straight down his throat into his stomach, his body weakly moving as his air supply dwindled and his mind was flooded with the sensations. He couldn't, he was surprised to realise, even taste her cum, one benefit, he realised, of the depth at which she was emptying her balls into him was that it was well past his tongue.

As he started to feel the haze of air depredation he heard Katie above him moan happily, slowly starting to withdraw her cock from his throat, much sooner, he was grateful to realise, than Brittany had on her turn. Nevertheless, his face was red as he felt a sudden pressure give and he managed to draw in a sudden gasp of air, he coughed and gasped for breath, his slim chest rising and falling rapidly as he snapped back to his senses. Then he tasted it.

Katie giggled playfully as she massaged the sensitive head of her cock against his fleshy tongue, spending the last few drops of her climax purposefully against it, making him taste her as she fully withdrew, resting her soft, cum and spit slick cock over the gasping, panting mess of his gorgeous face, looking down at him with glee.

"You really know how to make a girl feel special." She teased, winking as he looked up at her, his eyes wide and his face lined with wet streaks.

Brittany finally withdrew her soft cock from his little hole and let his legs fall to the bed as she moved to stand, arcing out her back as she eyed the boy, stretching, Katie too climbed to her feet, leaving him free on his back as they moved to stand side by side at the foot of the bed, gently placing a hand around each other's waist, looking like a picture of perfection, beautiful and daring, nude save for the black high heels that helped to show off the definition of their legs and asses.

With his wrists bound beneath him he rolled onto his side to relieve the weight resting on them, coughing and panting hard as he curled up slightly, looking up at the two of them with watery eyes.

"Can we remove his gag now?" Katie asked, leaning in to kiss her sister on the cheek, smiling warmly.

"Mm, sure." Brittany smirked stepping forward, enjoying his helplessness as she leaned in and removed his gag, she was confident that he wasn't going to scream, if anything just because of his fear of the two of them.

He closed and opened his mouth a few times, looking away, his jaw ached and his lips were swollen and sore, "W...Why?..." was all he said, his voice hoarse.

Katie pursed her lips and moved to sit beside him, her voice soft, almost motherly as she reached out a hand to caress his cheek, he didn't pull away.

"Aww James, sweety. Because you're hot and we want you."

He looked between them, fear and confusion in his expression. "What now? Can I go?"

Brittany grinned wolfishly and even Katie, patting him, smirked a little as she spoke. "Oooh, no. You're our boyfriend now. This isn't going to just be a one off thing, no we're going to keep you."

He glanced between them, "I... I don't want that, you can't make me stay with you."

"We've got a little while yet, just us and you. By the end of it you'll be begging to stay with us." Brittany said, winking at her sister.

He hesitated and swallowed, feeling the pain in his body, the violation of his being, he felt betrayed angry, he felt it rise "Fuck you I will." He said, an edge to his voice that made Brittany's grin slide slightly.

"One way or another, James." Brit said, an icy tone creeping into her voice.

He swallowed some, fear elevating in his mind as he imagined just what that might entail.

But Brittany just switched it up into a sweet smile, "Now, come on love, it's time to get you all made up."

Despite the fear he felt emboldened, he opened his mouth to retort but felt Katie's finger at his lips, a cautioning look on her face, "Oooor we can just fuck you again?"

He looked at Katie, his defiance fading as she raised her eyebrows, he knew, if that was what they picked, he couldn't stop them. Though he was half tempted to call her bluff certain at the very least they'd just be pushing rope, but he didn't want to test his luck. He deflated, defeated.

Brittany grinned broader and clapped her hands together, "I'll go get the makeup and a couple of drinks. Keep an eye on him, Katie."

Katie nodded and smiled watching her sister leave, before she looked back to James, letting her hand caress over his skin.

"Would being our boyfriend really be all that bad?" she asked, lightly after Brittany had left the two of them.

He looked at her, incredulously. "After what you both just did to me?"

She shrugged, "You were as straight as an arrow, the second you found out we had cocks you would've bolted."

"You don't know that..."

"Yes, I do, we do. We've both been rejected plenty for our gifts. We're sick of it James, we aren't just what we have between our thighs."

He looked away, "Seems like you are, you threw away our friendship just to use them on me."

Katie opened her mouth to retort, but closed her lips again, frowning as his words chewed at her, "...Jay, look, I know what we're doing is wrong but, I don't think you understand how crazy we are about you. How desperate we are to keep you. We would do anything not to lose you."

"You can't force me to stay, Katie... Not forever." he said, looking down.

"I know, but, I really think but the end of these few days you'll enjoy being our boyfriend. I mean, I know we've given you a bit of a rough start, but, trust me, you'll grow to love it." She smirked a little, playful as she reached a hand down and wrapped a fist around his still hard cock, "I mean... More than you already are anyway."

He blushed and stayed quiet, his expression sullen, uncertain, conflicted.

Katie bit her lip and released his cock, sitting in an awkward silence for a few seconds.

"Um..." She started, "Can I ask a question?"

He looked at her, a little incredulous but shrugged.

"How do you tell me and Brittany apart? I mean, people guess a lot and have a solid fifty fifty success rate. Even the girls we hang out with avoid using our names."

He let out a sigh, his voice soft, "It's your freckles."

"Our freckles?" she asked, tilting her head, leaning gently against him, her full breasts resting on his arm.

"Yeah... You have different patterns, like... Stars."

Katie blinked, her eyes widening and she felt her heart skip a beat, her pale cheeks blushing brighter.

"We do?" she asked, her voice soft.

He looked up at her, furrowing his brow slightly, "Uh, yeah, you didn't know?"

She shook her head a little, "No, I uh-"

Katie fell silent as Brittany entered the room, her cock half hard between her white thighs as she beamed triumphantly, holding the makeup kit under one arm and James realised, what looked like a wig under the other, her fingers interlaced with the stems of two wine glasses and another two bottles of red.

Brittany tilted her head as she surveyed the pair, smirking slightly, "Did I miss something?"

"Sort of, I found out how Jay tells us apart."

Brittany moved over to a full-length mirror and set down her carried items on a sideboard, "Oh yeah? We never did figure that one out, is he just lucky?"

Katie shook her head, "No, he says we have different freckle patterns, he noticed the difference."

Brittany looked over at her sister and raised her eyebrows, "...Bullshit..."

She shrugged some and glanced back at James, who just looked at her.

"Mirror?" She asked and Brittany nodded.

Katie moved from the bed and the twins stood side by side, an arm around each other as they moved in close, the sides of their breasts pressing softly together as they moved in close, eyes studying, voices lowered to hushed whispers, fingers pointing.

When the girls turned back they were surprised to find James, with his legs unbound, had moved to sit on the edge of the bed, watching them patiently.

"How the hell did you notice the difference?" Brittany asked, sounding more than a little impressed.

He smiled a little, "I really wanted to be able to tell the difference between the two of you."

"Why?" Katie asked, tilting her head.

"You always looked a little upset when someone got it wrong, I just, you know, wanted you to happy." he said.

Katie bit her lip and glanced at Brittany, the two of them sharing a look. They didn't need words to express their feelings. They felt more than a little guilty, here was a boy who had cared about the two of them so much that he had actually discovered a way to tell them apart, more than anyone else had done, just to make them happy.

A silent understanding passed between them, they had intended to make him theirs one way or the other, funny planning on that way being breaking him down, humiliating him, taking pictures or recording video and blackmailing him into being theirs. Now, however, they wanted him to fall in love with them all over again, feeling more smitten with him than ever. They had broken him down, now it was time to build him back up.


"Mm..." Brittany hummed a little, beckoning over to him, a smile forming on her face, "Alright, well, this is supposed to be a sleepover! Come on, let's have some fun!"

He glanced between them but knew objecting would be pointless. Body aching, with a sigh he moved to stand, feeling sheepish as he walked towards him, cock, much to his chagrin, still hard as the two urged him to stand between them. He bit his lip and looked into the mirror.

The sight before him brought a swell of emotions to him, and he wasn't sure what to think. He was fit, sure, but with all three of them nude and lined up he realised just how superior they were compared to him.

First and foremost he noticed their cocks. Hard to miss was Brittany standing to his left who was now, once again, completely erect, her cock dwarfing James's own, her sister though was, contrastingly, completely soft, although James noticed Katie's softy was comparable in size to his full hard on. Looking past that he saw what had once been the object of a far flung fantasy. Katie and Brittany flanked him, the two most gorgeous girls in school, completely nude and eying him up, lust and attraction in his gaze, their bodies generously curved for their fitness, their breasts full and heavy, skin light and beautiful. Under different circumstances, he would've believed himself the luckiest man alive. But as it stood, he wasn't sure how he felt.

Katie and Brittany hadn't taken James on a whim, it hadn't been some spur of the moment decision brought on by a surplus of lust and a lack of sense, it had been a carefully planned out operation that, as far as they were each concerned, was proceeding well, give or take a few changes in objectives.

The last few hours, taking him, degrading him, filling him with their thick girl-cum they had achieved the first of their objectives, after getting him into their lair at least, they had broken him down, made him vulnerable leaving him open to their intentions, though they had changed somewhat in the last few minutes, the end goal was the same. He didn't even struggle now, he stood between them, tamed and weak, ripe for them.

Next, they would begin to build him back up in the image of what they wanted, they didn't want to feminize him in the long run, but the makeover session had several advantages to it. He already had a feminine figure, one they each admired in the mirror, he was slender and fit, his waist so tight it helped to accentuate what might otherwise be an only above average width to his hips.

They had been delighted to find out that he had virtually no body hair. They were unsure whether he was just one of those gorgeous boys that grew very little or it was because he shaved or waxed himself, possibly because of his swimming interest, but they didn't much care, it served their interests.

By making him look like a girl tonight it would help to reinforce his position in his mentality, smaller and weaker than the two of them they would instil themselves as the dominants in the relationship, showing him just how girly he was compared to them. It was for this reason that they had switched into the heels. The three of them were all of a comparable height, but in heels the girls stood over him, making him seem smaller, cuter.

They didn't hesitate as they opened up the makeup bag, giggling and chatting as they started to work on him. Their makeup skills were on point and they were convinced between the two of them they could create a masterpiece.

James could do nothing but watch, staring at the reflection in the mirror as they worked on him, it was frightening really, he had envisioned that as they worked on him he would end up looking like a clown, thinking the makeup would look out of place on what he considered to be strong masculine features, but he quickly discovered how wrong he was.

James began to vanish in the mirror, with each new application he saw less and less of himself, Katie was focusing on his eyes while Brittany focused on the art of contouring, her technique and effect extending down to his collarbone.

The overall result was startling. As the girls worked they talked less and less, a combination of their concentration on their efforts and their mounting disbelief at the person being created before them.

Brittany, finished with the contouring slid her hand over the curve of his ass, squeezing lightly as she joined him in staring at his reflection, "Fuck Jay, I knew we'd make you look good but, well, wow."

He stayed silent as Katie took the wig and placed it over Jame's hair, adjusting it to make it look natural.

"You look more like a girl than we do..." Brittany said, her hard cock throbbing as she stared at him, insanely aroused by the display they had created, "I mean, you know, apart from the tits."

Katie finished adjusting the wig and, again, it suited him perfectly, the long black hair falling about his face in a beautiful cascade. Smiling with her work Katie picked up the final piece to the puzzle.

Katie began to carefully ring the boy's full lips with a stick of red lipstick, smiling ever so slightly as she applied it with a skilled hand, the other moving to trail her fingertips through the back of his long hair, straightening it out.

Brittany too smiled, a hand moving to grip her own cock, unable to contain her arousal as, with her other hand, she snaked it under between his thighs to gently cup his balls, giving them a soft squeeze and drawing out a little, soft gasp from him.

After a few moments, Katie lowered her hands, setting down the lipstick and placing one hand on her hip, the other affectionately on his ass.

"Well, what do you think?" Katie asked playfully, squeezing the handful of ass she was holding.

"I... Look gorgeous." he said, his voice distant, his mind not really filtering his words.

Katie giggled softly and nodded, "Yeah, you do."

They stood in silence for a few long moments, just admiring him, allowing the reality of his makeover to sink in with James.

"Ah, I can't take it anymore Katie can we fuck him again? Please?" Brittany asked, a soft whine to her voice.

Katie glanced between Brit and James, biting her lip some, "I dunno Brit..."

Brittany glanced at Katie, tilting her head as if realising for the first time that she wasn't hard like herself, "Can't get it up?" She teased, playfully.

"Not yet..." Katie said defensively.

Brittany grinned, "How come? I'm ready to go again!"

Katie blushed brightly, "Yeah well, you didn't get so excited about him showing up that you jerked off in the shower when you were getting ready."

Brittany blinked and laughed some, "Oh well, wanna watch us? I'm going to make slow sweet love to him this time, a classy girl like Jay deserves that much."

Katie bit her lip some, eying him over in the mirror, her eyes focusing on his perpetually erect cock, "No, I'm going to give him a bj."

Brittany and James both looked at her, sharing a mutual air of surprise and disbelief.

Katie looked at the both of them, blushing, "What's that look for! I want to go down on him, got a problem with that Brit?"

Brit smirked and shrugged, shaking her head, "You do what you want sis, just a little surprised is all."

Katie glanced at James, smiling a little enticingly, "You got a problem with it?"

James stared at her, hesitating briefly before he shook his head, drawing a laugh from them both.

Brittany slapped him on the ass and grinned, "Well obviously you don't Jay honey. So what do you say, want to lay on your back so my sister can give you head as I make sweet love to you?"

James looked between them, his beautiful eyes wide, obviously desiring Katie, and in an odd way desiring Brittany.

"...One condition..." he said, voice low, cautious.

Brittany pursed her lips, "You're in no place to-"

"What is it?" Katie asked, cutting off her sister and shooting her a glance.

Brittany eyed her back but kept quiet.

"Untie my hands. I can't lie on my back with them under me again..."

Brittany snorted, "You must think we're-"

"Done." Katie nodded.

Brittany pursed her lips in consternation, "Katie?"

"Freckles, Brit." she said, simply.

Brittany parted her lips, but hesitated, getting her sister's meaning. They wanted him to actually enjoy himself and a part of that was giving him a little freedom, so long as he didn't run with it, literally.

"...Fine." She said, relenting and Katie smiled, stepping up to kiss her on the cheek bringing a blush to Brit's cheeks as Katie stepped away to get the keys to the handcuffs.

He looked down at James who looked back up at her, looking meek, he looked like he was going to say something, but thought better of it, looking away.

Brittany let out a soft sigh and spoke with a gentle tone, "What?"

He looked back towards her and blushed a little, "Please be gentle?"

Brittany smirked, about to tell him just how gentle she was planning to be but hesitated, looking at his truly beautiful face and let her smirk fade into a slight smile, relenting, "I will be honey."

As Katie came back and unlocked his wrists they both eyed him a little wearily, both of them harbouring thoughts that now that he was free he would suddenly resist and fight.

James rubbed at his sore wrists and let the achiness of from his arms subside as they each stood there, looking down at him with concerned eyes. He swallowed a little and reached out, collecting one of the untouched bottles of wine from the counter and drinking deeply from it, his throat flexing as in a single long action he downed a full two thirds of the bottle, helping to numb the pain, lower his inhibitions and drown the voice in his head telling him he should try and fight. He knew it would be futile, and he knew if he tried to fight or flee, Brittany wouldn't accept his request to go gently twice.

"So um... How're we doing this?" he asked the silence between them.

The girls glanced at one another and advanced on him as a pair, they stood, Brittany in front of him and Katie behind, their huge soft breasts pressing against his body, he felt Brittany's hard cock cross swords with his own, her lips finding his as, to his surprise, she kissed him.

To both of their surprises, he responded, kissing her back as Katie reached around, wrapping a hand around both of their cocks and stroking them as she let her soft member rub against the smoothness of his pert of his ass cheeks.

After they moaned into each others kiss for a few long moments Brit broke the kiss and smiled, her cheeks flushed as they moved together back to the bed.

James kept telling himself he didn't want this as they directed him, he told himself that they made him sit down on the bed, that they made him lay down, that they made him spread his legs and that Brittany made him stay still as she moved between his thighs, sitting up straight as she rubbed the head of her hard cock against his ass, penetrating him slowly in missionary. What they didn't make him do, however, was moan, he did that on his own.

Brittany and Katie shared a look and smiled excited, he was, it seemed, beginning to get into it as his head began to spin.

As Brittany started to move her hips slowly, pushing her cock in and out of him in a slow rhythm, slow and loving, Katie moved to where she had been before, her knees either side of his head, only this time instead of pushing her cock into his mouth, she leaned down, her heavy breasts hanging off her chest, resting with pillowy softness against his stomach as her lips kissed the swollen, eager tip of his cock.

Katie's soft cock was beside his face, drooping to brush against the skin of his cheek in their one participant twist on the sixty nine, not that he minded, his eyes closed as he felt the warm wetness of her mouth engulfing his cock, her lips rolling down and up his cock in keeping with Brittany's speed, multiplying the pleasure that was coursing through his body.

Katie moaned around his cock as it seemed every other slow thrust from Brittany, met with each deep loving suckle from Katie as her tongue twirled over his tip drew another few drops of pre from him, exciting Katie further. Neither of the twins were especially versed in giving head, but Katie had received it enough to know what she was doing.

Katie felt his hands curl through her lush red hair and tensed, fully expecting him to enact some small revenge by forcing her head down, but instead, he merely caressed her, toyed and twirled with her hair much as she herself did, enjoying the silky feeling under his fingertips.

Katie moaned softly around his cock and relaxed, she loved having her hair played with, brushed, and just generally paid attention to. Even after all they had done to him, without probably even realising it, he was making her happy with the little things.

He had, after all, noticed on several occasions how the girls toyed with their hair, looking more relaxed as they did and he subconsciously applied that knowledge now, after all, if the girls were happy and content they would be less likely to be rough with him again.

Their slow loving actions continued for a few long minutes, the sucking, the caressing, the love making, the gentle sounds of their lewdness being broken by Brittany as she spoke.

"Y-yeah, move your hips, just like that..." she purred low, more to herself than anyone, but it broke a sort of reverie between James and Katie. James had, in his mind, been gently working his cock up into Katie's mouth, but he realised he had in effect been grinding against Brittany's cock. He blushed brightly, but didn't stop, it was odd and invasive being so entirely full of thick throbbing cock, but combined with Katie's attention it added a new dimension to what he was experiencing, and it felt good.

James let his mind wander, trying not to think about his situation, trying to see past it and experience only the pleasure. He writhed and squirmed between them, another few long minutes passing before he began to feel a long needed orgasm building, Katie's eager lips and tongue bringing him pleasure surprisingly on par with what Brittany's was doing to him, each stimulation building off the other to mount.

As his pleasure began to peak he moved his hands down Katie's body, fingers sinking into the softness of her ass as he squeezed it, staring up at her soft cock and heavy balls, his lips parting slightly as he contemplated kissing them.

He leaned up slightly, lips about to press to her hanging sack but a sudden surge of pleasure raced through him, causing him to gasp and lay back down, his climax striking him like a tsunami as it overwhelmed his mind, his cock pumping and squirting his own, albeit comparatively diminutive, load between Katie's lips.

As he came he heard Brittany gasp in surprise, squeezing his thighs as she felt his ass ripple and squeeze along the length of her cock, his hole milking her cock like a trained slut as he came.

Brittany bit her lip and had to focus hard, her steely shaft deep inside, desperate not to cum just yet.

"Mm..." Katie moaned a little as she sucked to the very tip of his cock and let it fall from her mouth, his cock starting to go limp against his body as Katie leaned up, her hair slightly dishevelled, a happy little smirk on her face.

"Well, was that fun then sis?" Brittany asked, a small mocking tone in her voice, after all, she was the one balls deep in him while she had received a mouthful of cum.

Katie pursed her lips and pressed forward, Brittany let out a surprised squeak as Katie caught her in a kiss, James's eyes widening as he watched the lewd display of the two sisters making out, Katie rising higher than her sister as they kissed.

After a few long moments, Katie broke the kiss, wiping her lips with the back of her hand as she grinned, Brittany's expression stunned, pale cheeks flushed crimson with colour as she stared at Katie in disbelief and even shock!

James bit his lip a little, looking up at Brittany, feeling uncharacteristically shy now the bliss of his climax had subsided, leaving him feeling particularly vulnerable, "You, don't like kissing?..." He asked Brittany, voice soft and curious.

Brittany blinked, looking from Katie to James, her eyes narrowing a little.

She leaned down, her heavy breasts resting on his chest as she started to gently fuck him again, her body lying atop his, his limp cock pressed softly into her stomach.

Their eyes met, each slow thrust drawing out a soft gasp from James, his lips parted, his cheeks blushing.

Brittany leaned in and Katie couldn't help but let out a little giggle. Brittany and James met in a kiss, Brit pressing herself down, pinning him in place as she made love to him.

As Brittany's lips parted into their kiss James let out a surprised whimper, squirming under Brit, feeling their smooth bodies rub together as Brit returned his gift, his cum falling into his mouth, their tongues mingling as he was forced to swallow his own seed which Katie had herself passed to Brittany.

James whined, the noises soft as she held him, kissing him slow and deep, until she was convinced he had swallowed every drop, at which point she pulled back, grinning slightly as she looked down into his half lidded eyes.

"Lewd!" Katie teased as she stood from the bed, moving to start pouring herself a glass of wine.

But at that moment Brittany and James weren't paying her much attention, each lost in each others gaze as Brit began to pick up the pace, James feeling shy, uncertain in most things, but assured in the fact that it felt good and he wanted to see it through, his lust and wine hazed mind heeding no thoughts of dissent, choosing to enjoy what he could while he could.

He looped his arms and legs around her body, pulling her into another kiss as they fucked, Katie looking on as she leaned against a bedpost, glass of wine in her hand as she watched, biting her lip. She could see as her sisters' thick cock slid in and out of James, his ass taking her with ease, slick and wet.

Their kiss became deeper and lewder, the affectionate kiss broken only so they could pant and moan. Brittany bunched her hands into fists, squeezing the fabric of the bedsheets in her hand as she felt her pulse begin to race, her heart hammering in her chest as waves of bliss crashed over her, reaching her peak.

She had intended to pull out and spend her load over his warm coloured skin, to paint his beautiful face and red painted lips with her hot white seed, but with his arms and legs embracing her she had no choice but to unload herself once more inside of him, not that she was complaining too much.

They lay together in a hot, sexual embrace, Brittany's heavy breasts pressing down on his chest, her cock pulsing in his ass as she came, for a third time that evening, inside her new boyfriend, her tongue dominating his mouth as she did so.

"Hot... As... Fuck..." Katie said with a soft little giggle as she eyed the two, watching as they broke the kiss, Brittany rolling to lay on her back, grinning like an idiot, satisfied. James laid with his legs splayed, his eyes closed and his expression content but exhausted as he panted.

"What... Should we do now?..." Brittany asked between heavy breaths, lying splayed out on her back beside James, her cock softening against one of her pale thighs.

Katie smirked a little and finished her wine, "Mm... Maybe we should sleep, rest up for tomorrow?"

"What're we... Ah... Going to do then?" She asked.

Katie pursed her lips a little as she set down the wine. "Start teaching Jay how to be our boyfriend and not just our fuck toy." she smirked a little, thinking they could move ahead with their plans.

Brittany let out a little laugh, "Aww, spoilsport, he's a great fucktoy..."

"Mm..." Katie purred, unable to disagree. "I know, but there's just so much more we can do with him, it would be a shame to miss out on it all..."

Neck Deep Ch. 03
byXtinaSmith2017©

"Mm..." Brittany moaned lightly, arching her back under the warm embrace of the duvet as she felt her mind and body begin to stir from the loving embrace of sleep, the vibrant memories of her dreams, many of which had been delightfully sexual and erotic, quickly growing distant and evaporating away as she slowly came around, her eyes opening slowly to greet the new day.

With a wince Brittany raised a hand to shield her half-lidded eyes from the piercing white light bleeding in through their blinds, relaxing for a few moments before leaning up onto her elbows, glancing around curiously, the duvet held modestly around her not insubstantial bust, presenting an impressive line of her deep cleavage.

As her vision adjusted to the sudden brightness of the intruding morning light, what she saw coming into focus beside her in bed made her smile, a soft contented sigh escaped her lips as the sight of him laying there brought back a whole suite of new, wonderful memories, freshly made the night before in this very spot.

Settling back down on her side and facing him she quietly studied their new 'boyfriends' face, enjoying the expression on his attractive youthful features, so quiet and peaceful as he slept, a real far cry from the looks he had given them throughout the most memorable parts of last night when she and her sister had, between them, pumped no less than five thick loads of their girl cum into his perfect virgin body. A night she'd never forget.

She bit her lip a little and felt her cock, which had yet to wake from between her thighs, twitch and stir as the memories of his body and the pleasure it could give returned to her.

And just like that, in the space of a few not so innocent thoughts, she could feel her lust and desires clawing for her attention, trying to bestow upon her the cursed gift of morning wood, her mind now doing its best to point out little details that she hadn't noticed before, like the way the duvet lay on his body, contouring to the alluring curves of his shapely ass and narrow waist, tempting her with what she could be doing to him, right here and right now if she so wanted.

How easy it would be, she knew, to simply take what was hers, to pin him down and put him to his proper use, showing him what it would be like to wake up with her thick, pale cock already repurposing his ass as a pussy for her to use, or to lovingly rouse him from his peaceful dreams, by stroking off her cock until the point of climax then stuffing her length down his throat, making sure the first sensation to welcome him to his day was the thick ropes of cum coating his tongue and filling his stomach.

Brittany blushed crimson and forced herself to look away, doing her best to drive away the thoughts that threatened to unleash her mounting lust on him. She almost failed, but, luckily for him, Brittany had to speak to Katie this morning, preferably before the boy woke up and, looking past him onto the bed, she wasn't at all surprised to find the space where her sister had slept, notably lacking a redhead.

Brittany eyed him for another long moment, her sparkling blue eyes searching his peaceful face as she mustered the willpower required to pass this test, resisting the urge to start her day with the animalistic rutting of his doubtless unwilling boy butt and simply walking away.

With a sigh she shuffled quietly to the edge of the bed, reluctantly swinging her legs out and pulling herself up to her feet, feeling the morning air wrapping around her in a cooling embrace as she left the warmth of the duvet behind. With a yawn she held her arms out above her head, her back arching as she stretched out, pleased to find none of the achiness in her limbs she had been half expecting to feel after all of their fun and games the night before.

Feeling content and with a final glance over her shoulder at her precious little sleeping boy, she made to step barefoot from the room, grabbing her fluffy bathrobe from the back of the door as she did, pulling it on over her curvy body as she stepped out into the hall, closing the bedroom door behind her with care.

While part of her didn't want to leave the boy alone and unsupervised, especially unrestrained as he was out of a fear that, despite what had changed over the course of last night, he would still try to run, she felt pretty confident that after the night he had had, unless disturbed, he would still sleep for a long while yet.

Last night, after all, he had been so utterly exhausted following their final round together that he had almost immediately passed out on the bed between them, so spent that he hadn't even stirred as the girls had gotten both him and themselves ready for bed, whispering about him as they undid the sultry makeover, restoring him to his natural self.

"Morning," Brittany said with a warm smile as she stepped into the kitchen, eyes sweeping briefly over her clothed sister before settling on the far more important fridge.

Katie, looking somewhat fresher than Brittany and dressed in a tracksuit, smirked across to her sister playfully, one leg lifted up on a tall stool as she stretched and prepared for her morning run, "Mm, hey sleepy head... Finally wake up hm?"

"Pff..." Brittany rolled her eyes, pulling out a bottle of much needed orange juice which she uncapped, taking a few deep gulps before letting out a long happy sigh, turning her attention back to Katie, "I didn't sleep in 'that' late..." she smirked then, "And besides, as I recall I had a whole extra round of rutting to recuperate from than you, little miss, 'I want to suck his dick'."

"Mmhm!" Katie winked, nonplussed, lowering her foot and sitting down on the stool beside the kitchen counter, leaning down to tie her shoelaces, "You know you should totally try it, it was really hot..."

"Mm, maybe." Brittany grinned before taking another drink of her juice, moving to join Katie at the counter, setting the carton down and sitting, lifting her hands to run her fingertips through her messy bed hair, trying to get it into some semblance of order.

Guess you aren't coming out on the run then? Weather's nice." Katie mused with a hopeful smile, always enjoying the company when she could get it.

Brittany shook her head and smirked, "I think one of us should stay here with Jay. You know, just in case."

Katie blinked and pursed her lips for a moment, "Oh yeah, good idea... Didn't even think of him wanting to run..."

The two sat in an unusual silence as Katie finished tying her shoes, the quiet stretching out as they both thought similar thoughts about James, their gazes eventually meeting.

"...How do you feel about... What happened last night?" Brittany led, her tone a little apprehensive, betraying her own thoughts.

Katie let out a sigh and shrugged a little, "I don't know, I mean, it was the best fucking night, right?"

Brittany nodded in agreement, there was certainly no doubt of that at least, "But, ugh, I don't know, I still feel a little shitty? Do you?"

"Yeah, a bit..." Katie shook her head, finally able to voice what they had both been thinking the night before, "I think it's because he's actually really sweet on us. You know?"

"Yeah. And that thing with the freckles too... I keep thinking about that." Brittany found her fingers tracing across the smattering of dots at her cheeks, remembering what he had said to them, explaining that he had found a way to use their freckles to tell them apart.

"Like stars, he said." Katie replied with a smile that Brittany matched, the two remembering the moment they'd found out how he was doing it, recalling how it made them both feel, "I don't want to hurt him, Brit, like really hurt him, I mean. Break his heart and stuff."

"No," Brittany agreed, "but I don't want him to get away either."

Katie bit her lip, "Fuck, when'd this get complicated?"

"Should've just left the gag in all night," Brittany said with a laugh and Katie grinned.

"Should've, didn't." Katie lamented with a half smile, the silence settling between the two of them again as they thought.

"The plan doesn't have to change." Brittany started, "We broke him down, now we build him back up."

Katie tilted her head curiously, "Got an idea?"

Brittany smirked and nodded, thinking back to the previous night, "I think so. Remember what we said last night? About making him want to be our boyfriend?"

Katie thought about it for a moment, "Where would we even start with that though? After what we did to him last night? He was all sweet on us and then we... You know. What could we do to undo that? To make him want us again like he did?"

Brittany took another long swig of her juice before answering, "Didn't you notice last night, just how into it he got at the end? He was loooving it..." She said in a little sing-song voice, "He was rock hard. We just have to fan that flame."

Katie nodded in agreement, having been the one to go down on him and make him cum it was hard to forget, "Okay, but what was it he was getting off on do you think?"

Brit shrugged, "Probably a lot of things, he obviously thinks we're hot, but I think he actually quite liked taking cock. Though I doubt he'd admit it or do anything without being 'persuaded'."

"...Forced, you mean." Katie smirked.

Brit let out a little laugh, "Yeah, that." She paused then, thinking, "Like, I want him to be able to explore us at his own pace. Maybe that would help him realise and understand what he really wants?"

Katie nodded some, "Sure maybe, but, like you said, he's not going to do anything without us forcing him to."

"I know I know..." Brittany hesitated, "What we need is a way to make him do what we want without using physical force. Like maybe we could blackmail him? Take pictures or a video?"

"Mm that could work," Katie replied sceptically, "but I think we've used enough of the stick on him. Maybe we should try the carrot? You know, offer him something he wants in agreement for his cooperation instead of just more threats?"

"What do we have that he wants though?"

"What if..." Katie started, pursing her lips, "We offer him a deal? He sticks with us today, he does what we say and if by tonight he doesn't want to stay, we'll... Let him go."

Brittany's smile slipped, quickly turning into a frown, "I don't want to let him go Katie..."

Katie sighed a little and shrugged, "Neither do I... But I'd rather let him go than keep him here against his will forever after what he said last night. He's just too nice and I don't want to strip him of that..."

Brit was silent for a while, leaning herself back against a counter as she studied the floor, her voice coming out a little apprehensive, clearly not happy with the thought of him getting away from them but at the same time sharing Katie's opinions, "What if he doesn't agree to the deal though?"

"I don't know," Katie admitted, "I guess... We just have a little more rough fun? Then let him go anyway? Maybe take a couple videos and pictures, threaten to blackmail him if he tells anyone... Just for our own safety."

Brittany sighed, "I guess that'll work, though it'll make college pretty awkward."

Katie made herself smile, "He'll be okay. The other boys will start talking to him after they know he's had an encounter with us, they'll sympathise. And Helen will probably ask him out on that date."

Brit mirrored the little smile, "Yeah... Okay so, I think we should maybe both see him separately today, it'll be more intimate and he'll probably be less shit scared?"

Katie laughed a bit, "Yeah probably, well, why don't you go up and see him first, wake him up, do the deal and see what you can get him to do while I go for my run. Then we can switch out?"

Brittany's smile became more genuine, happy for any opportunity to get back upstairs to Jay to explore any chance, no matter how slender, to wrap her sleeping beauty around her cock, "Sounds good, maybe you could pull him into the shower when you get back? He'll like that I bet."

"Mmhm! Sounds good." Katie nodded as she pushed herself to her feet, smiling brightly once again at her sister, both their moods lifted now that they were back on track with a plan that they were both relatively happy with, "This is going to be so much fun... I hope."

Brittany nodded and stepped over to her twin, smiling as she hugged her lovingly, "It better be. See you soon."

Katie gave her a soft squeeze in return and smiled, stepping towards the door as she fished a pair of headphones out of her pocket, running them up towards her ears as she left, "See you soon Brit!"

Brittany waved sweetly and leaned back on the counter again, waiting to hear the front door click shut before turning her attention back towards the stairs, feeling a familiar hunger begin to rise in her as she walked up them towards the bedroom, already feeling a soft blush at her cheeks at the thought of what was to come. This boy would be theirs and, if she got her way, he would love every second of it. She pushed the alternative from her thoughts. After all, the idea of him just walking out of their lives wasn't worth considering.

Returning to the bedroom with stealthy steps and, being cautious not to wake him before she herself was ready, she slipped back into the room and carefully closed the door behind her, pleased to see the enticing outline of the boy exactly where she'd left him.

Letting the bathrobe that obscured her athletic body glide down over her shoulders and back to pool around her ankles on the floor, Brittany found herself once again completely nude with the boy, only this time finding herself completely alone with him in the house. Biting her lip she controlled herself and suppressed the urges that she felt in her cock, knowing that if this was to work, despite what every nerve ending in her body was screaming out for, she'd have to go slow.

Stepping out of her robe Brittany moved around the bed to Katie's side of the bed where she sat down on the edge, working her way smoothly under the duvet until she found the inviting warmth of his body.

Biting her lip and eager to feel him in her arms she pressed herself forward to take up her rightful place as the big spoon, her arms wrapping around him, hands caressing his smooth hairless body, her soft DD breasts against his back, their legs intertwining as her soft cock was nudged to subtly rest against his boy butt.

James let out a soft little groan, feeling his tired body protest as an unexpected but wonderfully feminine body moulded itself to his back, the sensation luring him from the protective and comforting shell of sleep into the all too real arms of, he knew, one of the twins.

"Good morning Jay baby..." Brittany whispered in a soft, sultry tone, her lips grazing across the skin of his ear as her hands caressed up and down his fit chest, letting him wake up to the unmistakable feeling of her full heavy breasts being pressed lovingly to his back and, in a lesser way, her soft cock against the round cheeks of his ass.

"H-hey..." He whispered back, voice a little hoarse from the treatment his throat had undergone the night before.

"How'd you sleep?" She asked curiously, letting the concern in her voice be heard as she held him, caresses affectionate.

He swallowed a little and, before responding, moved to roll from his side onto his back, Brittany having to untangle herself from him as he did so, moving back in once he had settled to snuggle eagerly up against him, one arm draped across his chest, her long pale leg over his, slowly rubbing up and down his thigh.

Once he caught a glimpse of her gentle expression he seemed to be a bit more comfortable, relaxing back into the bed and her soft curvy embrace, "Where's Katie?..." He asked, a little suspicious.

"She's gone out for a run this morning, so it's just you and me..." Brittany said, her voice a little sultry as she allowed her finger to trace in little circles around his chest, unable to hide her pleasure at the way he'd managed to identify her from her twin with just the briefest of glimpses, "You know... If you wanted to do anything that was... Just us? Since we're already undressed and everything..."

James felt his cheeks blush with colour and he heard her giggle cutely, a musical sound that he loved to hear, her lips pressing to his warmed cheek in a quick kiss, "Hey now, you don't need to be nervous, not after last night... After all, you had so much fun, didn't you?"

"I-I er..." He started, then swallowed before continuing, playing it as safe as he could, not wanting to upset her and potentially trigger what he now knew she was capable of, "...Some parts were better than others...?"

Brittany let out a little chuckle and leaned up on her elbow, looking down at him with those beautiful blue eyes of hers, her red hair falling about her face in a fiery cascade, "Ooh very diplomatic." She said teasingly and smiled, searching his gaze with her own, as if looking for something.

"You... Okay?" He asked tentatively, his gaze invariably flickering down to trace over the enticing lines of her body, something that she showed no signs of wanting to hide.

"Mm... Sort of... Me and Katie have been talking about you while you slept..." She confessed, idly pulling the duvet back to look down over his body, admiring his figure and eying his soft cock, all the while offering him an increasingly better view of her own pale body.

"Oh?" He asked after a short while, tearing his eyes away from her pale bust, his cheeks flushed as he met her gaze.

"We have a deal for you... And I think you'll like it." She said, smiling reassuringly as she recognised the sudden scepticism written across his expression.

He looked up at her expectantly as she took a deep breath, biting her lip.

"...Give us a chance. Give us today, be our good little boyfriend for just today and if you don't want to see either me or Katie again after that, we'll not chase you..."

After only a moment's hesitation he shook his head softly, his voice heavy, "I can't Brittany... Sorry, I just... How am I supposed to trust you? I'll never be able to forget last night..."

Brittany let out a deep sigh before she smirked softly, "Look... Jay, sweety, you can fool yourself, but you can't fool us..." She said gently as she moved to kneel, lifting a leg over him so she ended up straddling his body, looking down at him over the swell of her perky chest, resting her butt on his stomach, "Thing is, I don't actually want you to forget last night. I don't want you to forget how it felt to have every single thick inch of my massive cock shoved up your tight little ass, or down your throat, or filling you with girl cum, or dressing you up as a slut. Any of it. Do you know why I want you to remember all that?"

He swallowed as he drank in the sudden sexual shift in her demeanour, looking up at the porcelain-skinned beauty as she sat atop of him, expressing her dominance without having to use force, her hands planted firmly on her wide womanly hips.

"W-why?"

"Because..." She raised an eyebrow and took his hand in her own, moving it to her cock and guiding his hand to encircle her length, letting him hold it in his soft hand, feeling him squeeze it tentatively as she continued in a low sultry tone, "I know you loved it last night. I know deep down you wished every second of it had lasted an eternity... So why fight it? We want to love you, Jay, to give you that and more every single day and night. Be ours. And let us be yours."

James bit his lip and looked up at her with those dark dusky eyes of his, the conflict within him obvious to Brittany as it played out across his gorgeous features.

Last night James had found himself helplessly swept away by the unexpected and rapid advances of the two lustful dickgirls, leaving him at the moment only feeling lost in it all. Since the pair had basically fucked him to sleep and then made sure someone was there to wake him back up, he'd had no time alone to process his admittedly mixed and confused thoughts.

"Well?" Brittany pressed as she tilted her head curiously, not wanting to allow him more than a moment to collect himself, though she had to admit she was at least enjoying the sensation of his hand held in hers, working it slowly up and down the now semi-hard length of her cock, eager to feel more of what she knew he had to give and maybe even, if she was lucky, wanted to share.

"I-I'm just thinking..." He said softly, distant.

He'd experienced so many new and interesting things in such a short amount of time, none of which he'd been able to take in, being fucked, sucking cock, taking cum, crossdressing, having his cock sucked, all while drinking wine in the company of the two most beautiful girls that he'd ever met.

He couldn't deny the pleasures he'd eventually felt last night or even the way their dominance and control of him had left him feeling, but, did that mean he actually wanted more? That he was ready to commit to it and to them? Tired as he was he just didn't know, hell, was he even sure if he was still straight after everything he'd done.

He remembered vaguely, when Katie had been atop of him in a sixty-nine, his cock in her mouth, he had leaned up, intending to take to take her soft cock or heavy nuts between his painted lips, stopped only by the overwhelming pleasure of his climax. Neither of the girls had seemingly noticed, but the thought swam in circles in his mind.

She could see him teetering on the edge of a knife, not sure whether to fall this way or that, to accept her offer or decline, unknowingly forcing her hand to take a less mutually beneficial approach. Maybe all he needed was a little push, a little help in deciding his fate. That, and Brittany was growing a little impatient, her own needs growing, her cock now hard in their hands.

"Well while you think..." She spoke softly, taking a little gamble, drawing his gaze up to hers as she slid her hips forward, closing the space between them until, with both her hands moving to rest on his head, the cherry tip of her pale cock bumped against his luscious lips, "Why don't you have a little fun? I know you'll enjoy it."

His cheeks flushed a bright crimson as her fingers curled gently into his short brown hair, his hands moving to press instinctually against her thighs as he looked up at her, recognising the lust and desire on her face.

She looked down at him hopefully, continuing to poke the tip of her cock against his soft inviting lips, "Please Jay? I promise to be gentle."

He swallowed a little, feeling his heart hammering in his chest and a tingle of something more primal deep within. He thought for a moment about denying her, but was sure if he didn't do as she wanted the promise to be gentle would likely be revoked.

"Mm~!" He whimpered cutely, trying to arch his back up against her now pinning weight as she took advantage of his parting lips, pushing her hips forward and working the head of her hot, steely cock slowly into the wet heat of his pleasurable mouth.

"A-ah, just like that... See, that's not so bad now is it?" She cooed affectionately, looking down at him with a look of lust and desire so intense that James knew that if he ended up on a different path to than the one with these twins, no other woman would ever look at him with the same thirst as they did.

She bit her lip, feeling the warmth at her cheeks as pleasure began to once again radiate through her body. Despite having experienced this and more last night she was never prepared for just how good it felt to have him wrapped around her.

He closed his eyes and lightly squeezed her thighs, feeling as she gently eased herself forward and back, pressing the thick tip of her cock just a few inches in and out, so far keeping her promise to be gentle, letting him experience her hard length in a new way.

Brittany watched with half-lidded eyes, waiting for his tentative uncertainty to give way to the pleasure that had taken him over the night before, hopefully pushing him over that knife edge to her side, but to her surprise, he didn't seem as into it as she recalled.

"Come on baby, I know you love this, suck my cock like the slut you are..." She purred, trying to tempt him, trying to rediscover the needy cock-hungry creature she knew resided inside him but, as she reached back, her hand caressing over his soft cock, something was obviously missing.

Her mind spun as she quickly tried to figure out what it was. The alcohol, her sister, the makeup? While it could've been any of those, she didn't think it was. There was, however, one other thing that she could think of, though it went against everything they had talked about.

Slowly and with great reluctance she pulled her cock from between his lips, the boy letting out a quick gasp, panting softly as his eyes blinked open to look up at her, seemingly surprised.

"Mm... I think I understand now." She said with a curious expression, rubbing the spit-soaked tip of her cock against one of his flushed cheeks.

He looked at her blankly, eyes studying her freckled face as if trying to decipher the meaning of her words but finding nothing.

"Hm." Brittany mused as she smirked, knowing that either her guess was right and he was about to accept her deal, or she was wrong and Katie was going to kill her.

James watched in obvious surprise as Brittany released her cock, stretching her arms out above her head with an almost demure moan, his eyes flickering to her bust as they were pushed up and out, unable to help himself from watching as she swung her leg off over him, her rock-hard cock swaying away from him.

"Can-ah!" His words were abruptly cut off by her hands on his ankles, dragging him roughly down the bed, his whole body tensing as she suddenly began to man-handle him.

Brittany couldn't help but grin as he tried to struggle, but weakened as he was, body still exhausted from the night before, she was able to move him about the bed with surprising ease, grabbing him wherever she had to wrestle him into position.

James wriggled and pushed against her, feeling no small amount of humiliation as his weary body was dragged this way and that, totally overpowered by the pale red-haired girl.

"Ah! W-what happened to gentle! You promised!" He gasped as he felt his head fall over the edge of the bed, thinking for a second that she was throwing him completely off onto the floor, on pure instinct his hands moved from trying to push against her to bunch up in the bed sheets, gripping them tightly as he laid his legs down completely flat, stretching them out to act as a counterbalance.

In the brief moment he was focused on his own security rather than resisting her, Brittany saw her opportunity, "Yeaah about that... I don't think you want gentle, do you?"

Feet on the floor and a thigh either side of his head she fed her cock between his plush lips and over his tongue, hearing him choke and gag on her thick length as she forced it down his tight throat until she felt her smooth heavy balls press against his nose and eyes.

Pinning him with her hands she felt his throat flex and squeeze around her cock, his lips wrapped snugly around the base of her girthy length as she held herself deep, her head tilted back, eyes closed as pleasure flooded her once again.

"Yeaaah that's soooo much better!" Brittany moaned, grinning as she pulled back, giving him only a fraction of a second to draw in a lungful of precious air before she slammed her hips forward again, all thoughts of going slow and letting him explore her long forgotten in her mind.

Laying on the bed with his head tilted over the edge she found that his throat was lined up so perfectly for her that Brittany was able to treat his lips like those of a pussy, hammering away hard and balls deep, listening to the lewd symphony of his wet, spit-filled mouth and the rhythmic slapping of her heavy nuts against his sweet innocent features.

He whimpered and whined at every opportunity, feeling every intimate inch of her steely length as it slid without care or concern for his well being in and out of his tight throat, his tongue pressed hard to the underside as he fruitlessly tried to push it from his mouth, but he felt a hot little seed of something deep within him, growing and spreading as his lips were battered by the power of her needy thrusts.

Brittany looked down at the boy, feeling her cock throb in its hot sheath at the sight welcoming her, his sleek lithe body with its subtle but enjoyable curves, the bulging throat and the shiny sticky mess that was becoming his face and her thighs. Her smile broke into a grin as she followed the lines of his body, coming to rest on the boys own not unimpressive length that had, until now, been resting soft against one of his thighs.

"Yessss..." She hissed gleefully as she noted his quickly hardening cock, the throbbing length proving her theory of what had been missing correct. He had gotten off on their dominance, their overpowering of him and she was more than happy to feed that hunger.

Her hands moved from his wrists to lean on the bed either side of his shoulders, giving her better purchase to fuck his face as fast or slow as she pleased. Where just moments ago he would've made full use of his hands to push and struggle for his freedom, now he merely gripped the sheets, allowing her, as she had guessed he would, to continue her assault.

She felt a trickle of his spit work its way down one of her thighs as she fucked his throat, admiring the way it bulged and expanded to accommodate her length, chewing on her lip as the ebb and flow of pleasure rocked through her at speed.

"Come on Jay baby, use your fucking tongue..." She encouraged and was almost immediately delighted to feel his tongue press and swirl against her, whenever he could.

She moaned, grinning like an idiot as she pounded his tight throat, watching his hips move up, not in an attempt to escape, but in an attempt to draw her attention to his straining cock, rock hard and pulsing, a drop of pre having already formed at his tip. Left ignored, she watched as his hand moved towards it, James uncaring now how it looked to be so eager in such a situation, but before his hand could reach him she cut him off.

"Ah ah! Don't you dare touch it, you're here for my pleasure!" She warned, the lust heavy in her voice, watching as his hand faltered then returned to the bed, obediently leaving his cock to strain for any sort of touch.

"Fuck that's hot..." She purred, moaning in pleasure as the sheer erotic nature of his submission drove her on, "You're going to, ah, make me nut Jay baby, I know you want it, I know you fucking need it, Mm!"

James' head spun, his body blazing in a torrent of pleasure that the pain he felt from his throat and lungs only seemed to feed, taking him to higher heights and making him want more. His tongue worked tirelessly against every inch of her cock he could reach, sucking when he could, trying his best to up her pleasure, to make her cum, to give her everything he could.

Gasping and breathing hard she felt the impending climax begin to build within her, an unstoppable force that she tried to stave off on willpower alone, unable to control the speed or power of her thrusts she knew it was a lost cause.

"Here it comes Jay baby, that feels so fucking good, too fucking good..." She moaned, feeling her whole body flush with heat, her usually pale skin gaining a warm hue as a bead of sweat trailed down her cheek.

"F-fuck!" She gasped, reaching out with both hands to wrap around his throat, squeezing it in a vice-like hold, feeling the passage of her cock under her hands, pressing in and out of his plush lips as she fucked them, the whole experience so much tighter for her grip, so much more pleasurable as she began to cum, gasping and moaning, never stopping or even slowing her increasingly erratic thrusts as her seed pulsed out thick ropes straight into his stomach.

Jay squirmed and writhed as he felt her heavy nuts twitch against his face, his lips stretched wide as his throat was squeezed, denying him air as she came inside him, his own cock painfully hard as it strained for the touch it was being denied.

Slowly Brittany began to pull back, still cumming hard she wanted to give him the full experience, no longer content with simply spending her thick load deep in his body, she wanted to dominate every sense he had with her special gift.

Jay inhaled sharply, feeling his back arch up off the bed as, for the first time in seemingly forever, he was offered the opportunity to draw in a full lungful of sweet, albeit tainted air. He felt her cock as it pulled free of his throat only to shoot a rope of her all too familiar seed up onto his tongue, making him taste her as she withdrew further.

Panting hard and with her spit-dripping cock once again free from his spread lips Brittany wrapped a hand around her slick length, releasing his throat to instead stroke herself as she came, the thick cherry tip of her pale shiny cock laying sticky lines of her girl cum across his face, neck and chest, marking him.

Jay panted hard, staring vacantly at her cock as she stroked it, watching in wonder as her cum spilled out to paint his lithe body, her moans and whimpers a beautifully erotic noise as her climax began to subside, the jets of cum reducing to a steady trickle as her hand milked out every drop it could.

"Good boy..." Brittany purred between heavy pants as she positioned the tip of her now wilting cock above his parted lips, watching as he let her deposit every last drop into his waiting mouth.

Closing his eyes and breathing hard he swallowed down the rest she had to give, feeling a deep satisfaction blossom deep within him as she pushed the softening length of her cock back into his mouth, his tongue and lips moving to clean her length, his own face a mess of cum and spit.

"Mm... Now, Jay baby, I think you've had enough time to think about our little deal... What do you say? Wanna be a good boy for us today?..." Brittany urged, smirking all too knowingly as she pulled her much cleaner soft cock back, the tip popping free from his suckling mouth.

"A-ah... Ah... Y-yes..." Jay whispered softly, his voice hoarse and broken from the rough treatment his throat had been subjected to.

"Oh my god, Brittany!" Came Katie's voice from the doorway, "What happened to 'let's go slow and let him explore'!?"

Brittany blinked and looked over towards the doorway where Katie stood in her running gear, slick with sweat and clearly unimpressed, "Uh, It's not what it looks like?"

Katie rolled her eyes, leaning on the doorway, "It looks like you lost your patience with letting him explore and just used his throat like a pussy... Again."

Brittany smirked gently, folding her arms under her full breasts, pressing them up ever so slightly as she spoke, gesturing with a hand towards the cum-streaked James, "Look at his dick Katie."

She did, noting that it was rock hard, visibly pulsing and marked by a line of, she assumed, Brit's cum, "...What about it?"

"I offered him the deal, I tried to let him explore, to go slow all that, but he wasn't hard or keen or anything," she shrugged innocently, "he wasn't having so much fun!"

"So you rolled him on his back and fucked his throat?" Katie asked flatly.

"...Basically. And he fucking loved it. He even agreed to the deal just now. He'll be our good little boy today and then he can decide if he wants to stay with us or not." Brittany explained, "though I can already tell you how that's going to end."

"No shit?" Katie asked, raising her eyebrows, "So... I should still take my turn with him?"

Brittany laughed, her hands moving to her hips, "Yeah, he really needs a shower as it happens anyway," she grinned then, stepping towards the door where Katie moved to let her pass, "Just uh... Don't make the mistake I made."

As Brit padded barefoot down the corridor heading for the stairs Katie poked her head back out the room, looking at her sisters back, eyes glancing only briefly at her thick rounded ass, "What mistake, Brit!"

Brittany, already a few stairs down, eager to get to the kitchen and get another drink, looked back briefly and winked, "Don't do gentle!"

Katie watched her retreating sister for a moment then looked back into the room, at James spread-eagled on their bed, his cock hard, his face and body a mess, his eyes on her, expectant. She rolled her eyes, it was just like her sister to leave her a mess to clean up.

"You agreed to the deal?" She asked him, tilting her head curiously.

He nodded, still lying on his back, coughing a little and swallowing, his cheeks still flushed, his eyes half-lidded.

She pursed her lips for a moment taking a few steps forward to get a better view of his body, "Mm... Then go get the shower on and clean your face up. I'll be through in a minute."

Nodding demurely Jay rolled onto his side and stood, his movements sluggish as he stepped from her room to head towards the bathroom, practically able to feel her eyes on his butt every step of the way until, eventually, he was out of sight, letting out a shaky but satisfied sigh.

Katie too let out a soft satisfied sigh as his ass vanished from sight, feeling her own desires start to rise within her. She smirked and stretched her arms out above her head, feeling little beads of sweat trickle down her collarbone and into the cleavage of her breasts.

Relaxing again and feeling the gentle warmth in her muscles that often came after a run, she began to strip down, hearing the familiar distant hum of the shower as it was switched on.

She peeled the clothes from her lithe body and placed them in a hamper, stuffing them down before padding barefoot in pursuit of her quarry, following in his footsteps out into the corridor and then to the bathroom door which Jay had left slightly ajar.

Stepping in quietly and letting the door click shut silently behind her she looked across at the occupied shower, trying to see more of Jay's gorgeous body through the cubicles fogged up walls, able to see his outline, but little else.

Biting her lip and feeling her cock swell subtly between her thighs she stepped forward, "Ready for me?"

James jumped, caught off guard by Katie's sudden appearance as she swung open the door to the shower, revealing his gorgeous form for her enjoyment, her smirk broadening as she stepped in, creating an intimately tight space as she shut the door behind her.

"Nothing to say cutie?" She asked, tilting her head and reaching out to caress her hand across his cheek, noting that though he had cleaned up all the spit and cum from his face, his lips were still slightly puffy from Brit's rough treatment.

Casually she traced a thumb across his plump lip, watching him curiously as he looked away from her, seemingly a little embarrassed, remaining stoically silent as the hot water streamed down across their bodies, washing away Katie's sweat and surrounding them with curling tendrils of steam.

"What're you going to do?" He asked finally, his gaze trailing slowly up her body to eventually lock on her eyes.

She grinned slyly and stepped forward, pushing Jay back up against the wall of the shower, the boy letting out a little gasp as the cool wall pressed into his bare back, his cheeks flushing with colour as her body pressed to his, her soft breasts pressing against his smooth chest, one of her legs pressing between his own, so each of their cocks pressed to the thigh of the other.

With their lips mere inches apart she could feel his quickened breath against her skin, likely reacting to the thick, swollen length pressed threateningly against his leg.

"What do you want me to do?" She whispered in a sultry tone, biting her lip and moving her hips in a slow circle, ever so lightly rubbing the sensitive underside of her cock against his thigh.


"N-nothing..." He said softly and she could feel his own cock once again soft against her leg.

"You don't want me to dominate you? To own you? To use you? To fuck you? Like Brit did?" Katie listed her cheeks flushed and her eyes half-lidded, her expression hungry.

He swallowed and shook his head, but Katie felt something twitch against her thigh and she couldn't help but let out a little giggle.

"Oh my, she really wasn't kidding, was she? You like it when we're rough with you. Don't you?" She urged, unable to hide the gleeful edge from her voice.

He shook his head again but looked away, blushing crimson.

"I think you do... I think you want me to shove you up against the wall, to shove my cock up your bubbly little butt, yes?"

He whimpered, chest rising and falling noticeably faster as his cock began to swell against her pressing thigh.

"Don't you?" Katie whispered again, a growing, almost animalistic need dominating her typically soft voice, "Tell me you want it..."

He swallowed a little and looked back at her, his eyes wide, his cheeks red, her pale thigh rubbing against his now hard cock.

"Please..." He said so quietly she almost didn't hear it over the sound of the water falling around them.

She leaned in a little, her lips brushing briefly against his, the boy leaning forward almost imperceptibly, "Hmm?" Katie questioned curiously, her blue eyes sparkling with excitement.

James stared up into the fathomless depths of her gaze and felt his heart skip a beat, his lips parting again, "...Please..." He asked again, voice heavier now with a desperate need they both recognised all too well.

Katie smirked and reached up to run her fingers through his wet hair, "There... Was that so hard?" she paused, feeling his cock pressing to her thigh and couldn't help but grin, "I guess it kinda was, huh?"

As he parted his lips to respond she pressed in, closing what remained of the gap between their lips to catch him in a kiss, powerful and controlling, her tongue seeking out his before he even knew what was happening.

"Mmfm~!" He moaned into the kiss, feeling the enticing silky warmth of her pale skin rubbing against his pulsing cock, the sensations making him shiver in shamed pleasure as her hands found his, holding them gently.

Katie lost herself to the kiss for a few long moments, enjoying his submission as he all but melted into her embrace. Pulling back she caught his full lower lip between her teeth, nipping at it and drawing a surprised little whimper from him.

"So fucking cute..." She smirked and, as he was about to reply, he abruptly felt her hands gently clasping his own move to his wrists, using her not insubstantial strength to catch them with a sudden and vice-like grip, "Hope you enjoyed that kiss, that was your portion of the pleasure... My turn."

"A-ah!" He gasped as Katie took a quick step back, her hands pulling him suddenly off balance, spinning and shoving him, a grunt passing his lips as he felt the cold tiles now pushed against his chest.

As she released his wrists he instinctively reached out in front of himself, pushing against the wall to peel himself away from its cold embrace, but as he did, he felt her hands now on his hip and back, forcing him to arch his back down as she tugged his butt closer to where it needed to be.

"K-Katie..." He whined breathily, glancing over his shoulder to see he had entirely lost her attention, her eyes fixed firmly on his now pushed out ass, her grip firm, nails digging into his skin whenever he tried to move.

"Shut up slut and hold still." She said simply, her tone commanding, no longer edged with playfulness or curiosity.

He bit his lip and turned back to face the wall, his body tensing as Katie urged her own hips forward, her thick, hard cock coming to rest in the crack of his ass, little rivulets of water from the shower flowing around the new obstruction.

"Your ass is so pretty Jay..." she said, her hands moving from his hips to roughly squeeze his cheeks, drawing a little gasp from him, "Though it looks so much better with my cock in it... Shove it out further, come on. Show me you want it!"

James swallowed, glad to have his back to her so she wouldn't see the desire written across his face as he obeyed her, arching his back just a little further, bending his legs to make his round smooth cheeks all the more prominent for her viewing pleasure.

"Yesss, good boy." She cooed, kneading his full cheeks in her hands, so entranced by his ass which was covered in glistening beads of water and so lost in the feeling of the warm cheeks in her hands that she failed to notice the shiver of pleasure that ran up his spine at her words.

Katie let out a moan as she slowly urged her hips forward and back, letting her water slick cock glide up and down what was hers to take.

"Stay still..." She commanded, her tone one that someone might use on a dog, her hands releasing him just long enough to reach down and collect a small bottle which he knew would be some kind of lubricant.

As she stood and fidgeted with the bottle, knowing she would probably struggle to get an even coating with the lavishly hot water pouring down over them both, she couldn't help but smirk, her eyes tracing over the still form of James as he remained obediently in place.

James panted hard, his cock, rock hard, pointing towards the wall and twitching as he was forced to wait, knowing what was coming, expecting either a slick probing finger or, if she was especially keen, her cock.

So when he felt something cold press between his cheeks he was understandably wary.

"W-what?" Was all he managed to stammer out before Katie squeezed the bottle.

When they'd bought this lube she'd wondered what the weird tapered tip of the bottle was for, but now as she squeezed its contents inside her soon to be fuck-toys ass, it seemed so obvious.

Jame's drew in a sharp breath at the sudden influx of cold liquid into his ass, gasping and whimpering softly as it spread deep within him, the intrusion at the same time both uncomfortable and oddly soothing, his soreness from last night's sessions diminishing.

"Ready?" Katie asked and he felt her hands on him once again, steadying him, the tip of her cock bumping up against his puckered star, her hands gripping him firmly, ensuring he knew his place.

She didn't wait for an answer, it didn't really matter what he wanted, he was theirs now and they all knew it.

She pushed forward, feeling his little slick star spread for the thick mushroom tip of her cock, amazed that while only yesterday the boy had been a virgin he was able to take her relatively easily.

'Relatively' was the word of choice for James as he whined and whimpered, his breath ragged as his legs wobbled just a little under the fresh assault on his senses. His ass, after all, had only had a night to recover from their first, notably none too gentle, get together and as he felt her inches feed into the tight confines of his ass the lingering soreness mingled with something else, something familiar and something James had been expecting but was nevertheless unprepared for.

"Fuck that's hot..." Katie gasped as James moaned on her cock, his ass stretching wide to accommodate her girth, her eyes focused on the point where she was impaling him, watching as each ridge and vein vanished into him, "You like that, bitch?"

"A-ah, y-yes..." He gasped, knowing that with his hard cock and breathy moans there was no hiding the truth from her, or himself. It didn't matter how much he grimaced, or fought, or even just resisted his own thoughts, the blossom of pleasure spreading deep within him was undeniable.

"Tell me what you want..." Katie whispered in a sultry voice, not expecting any response from him, but finding herself curious just to see how far he'd fallen and how quickly.

James panted hard as she finished sheathing her cock in him, every inch of her length wrapped in the hot tight embrace of his boy butt. She chewed her lip, gyrating her hips in a slow tight circle, just massaging her length deep within him, making she he could feel every last millimetre she had to offer.

She was on the verge of withdrawing her length and beginning her conquest for real when she heard him murmur something.

"What did you say?" She asked, holding his hips possessively.

"I... I said, hard, I want it hard..." He panted softly, looking briefly over his shoulder at her, his eyes reflecting her own, lust, desire and need.

Katie stared at him, blinking the water out of her eyes as she took in the unexpected little turn of events, then she smirked, after all, who was she to deny him what he wanted?

"I'm going to make you regret those words Jay baby." She said while adjusting her grip ever so slightly, ensuring her footing was secure on the wet floor of the shower, preparing to go at him harder than she had even planned to.

"Please, yes..." He said, bracing his hands against the wall and shoving his ass back against her, her smooth heavy nuts pressing to his own smaller orbs.

Katie shook her head and grinned, excited to see this side James, to see their plans come to fruition. He was just so absolutely perfect in every way, and she was about to do everything she could to turn him out.

He felt her grip tighten, her muscles tensing as she slowly began to pull her cock from his ass, the tight ring of his hole clinging to her cock, as if desperate to keep it within him, her slick length withdrawing until only the tip of her length remained entrapped inside him.

James tried his best to relax, but nothing could've prepared him for the power behind her first thrust.

He cried out as an intense tsunami of pain and pleasure crashed through every nerve ending in his body, his body pressed forward against the wall only to be dragged back by Katie's hold on his hips.

Their rhythm started out messy, the force and power of her thrusts making it difficult for them to find any sort of a beat. Not that Katie cared, she was hardly even focused on the pleasure now coursing up the length of her cock to spread a warmth through her body, no, she was focused purely on putting the subtle strength locked in her curved frame to full use in hammering his cute ass.

After the first few monumental thrusts they managed to settle into a rhythm, James using every ounce of his remaining strength just to remain standing as Katie slammed her length into him without mercy, his ears full of the sound of their bodies clapping together, the noise echoing through the intimate space of the shower, the sex-charged cries and gasps from Jay doubtless reaching further throughout the house.

"Fuck, your ass feels amazing!" Katie cried out, looking down at Jay's arched back, admiring his shapely figure and found she was impressed that he was even still standing against her unrelenting assault, "You like that you fucking slut, you like my thick cock in your ass?"

"Y-yes!" He whimpered, breathing hard and fast, his ass ablaze, the pain of her huge shaft pounding into his too-small ass felt like a constant heat deep within that only seemed to feed the inferno of his pleasure.

Jay's vision swam with fireworks, explosions of sensation rocking his body as it collided time and time again with hers, his ass cheeks gaining a rosy red hue as if he'd been spanked just from the power of her thrusts.

He tried to process everything going on in his mind, to take it all in and enjoy it, but it was just too much for him, his mind a complete mess of thoughts, the pain, the pleasure, the shame of giving in, her domination, her strength, their control, their beauty all mixing together.

Katie ignored the protest in her limbs, she was pushing herself hard physically and she just didn't care, it felt too amazing to stop or even to slow, the lube-slicked length of her cock vanishing in and out of him with such ease that she could see his body becoming an addiction of hers, one she would be all too happy to feed.

James didn't know how long it had been, his perception of time skewed by the feelings coursing through his body, but his haze of pleasure was interrupted by Katie letting out a grunt of frustration, her breath heavy and laced with a growing exhaustion. He wondered if she was drawing close, if he would get to feel her seed soon as she spent it within his young supple body, but he was going to quickly discover as she continued to ride his ass that she wasn't even close yet.

Gritting her teeth she stepped forward, Jay's body easy to manoeuvre around the shower, docile as he was stuck on the end of her cock where he belonged. She pressed him once again chest first into the wall, the boy now welcoming of the support it offered and the coolness against his too hot skin as she never missed a beat.

Able to now kiss and bite at his neck she molded her body to his, trapping him between its soft luscious curves and the hard cold wall as she drove her length up into him, feeling him clamp down on her steely length, his body hot and deliciously tight around her, his heavy moans like music to her ears.

"So, ah, ah, fucking tight..." She whispered low between moans, her teeth finding his ear, nipping at it drawing out more gasps from him as her hips slammed her cock forward into his now well-used star.

"I-I can't, I, ah, uh!" Jay panted as he felt his legs beginning to fail beneath him, all the strength sapped from his weary muscles. Katie, unable to support both their weights gritted her teeth as she thought quickly, her arms moving up under his shoulders, hands gripping him tight as she slowly sank them both to their knees, his face still resting against the wall, his body jerking and bouncing against the tiles as she never let herself relent, continuing her thrusts, her own breathes increasingly ragged and desperate as she knelt behind him.

Realising that they were both on the edge of exhaustion she twisted, moving him off the wall, the boy falling to his hands and knees as she mounted him, opting to take him like an animal, bent over him as she focused on maintaining her power, water dripping from her hair to land on his back, the droplets running up to his neck as he leaned forward onto his elbows, head bowed as he poured every iota of strength he had left into keeping his ass raised for her.

"Fuck, fuck, fuck..." Katie gasped and panted, feeling the pleasure in her rise almost as quickly as her mounting exhaustion, a race she was determined not to lose, "I'm, ah, going to cum so hard in your ass baby..."

As the water flowed over them she mercifully felt the intensity of her pleasure outpace her exhaustion, her fingernails digging into his waist as she adjusted her grip, the movements of her cock becoming erratic as she did all she could not to give in at the last, forcing her muscles to make the last few thrusts as powerful as she could, making him feel her strength, her dominance, his place in her life.

"Y-yes!!" She cried out, her body collapsing on top of his as she buried every inch of her rock hard cock inside his tight ass, feeling it grip and squeeze her, massaging her and driving her pleasure to new heights.

James stared blankly at the wall seeing nothing but stars, his mouth open, tasting the warm water of the shower as some spilt between his lips, his breaths ragged, his own cock hard and twitching. He wanted to touch it and stroke it, but couldn't even muster the strength.

Katie closed her eyes as she panted, her breasts squished up against his back as her balls twitched, pouring their load into his claimed body, the sensations like nothing either of them had ever experienced.

They lay together, exhausted beyond comparison as she held herself balls deep inside him, her cock still firing off its load, each pulse sending a burst of pleasure through each of them that slowly began to wain away.

They stayed like that for a few minutes, her powerful climax slowing to a trickle, her cock beginning to soften inside him as they tried their best to catch their breath, their bodies sore and tired despite the still early hour of the day, James feeling particularly worn out.

"C-can... Can you stand?" Katie asked eventually, her voice soft as she pushed herself slowly to her feet, her palms pressing against the wall for support as she wobbled uncertainly, a hand reaching out to switch off the shower, both of them relieved for a break for the oppressive heat.

"I-I think so..." James replied, though in the end it took a little while and help from her to pull the freshly bred boy unsteadily to his feet, his arm around her waist as they both stepped from the shower, the boy making it only a couple of steps before he slumped down, sitting on the closed lid of the toilet, feeling the soreness once again in his butt but choosing to ignore it, his head falling back as he panted hard, his own cock softening, untouched between his thighs.

Katie, watched him with a soft smirk, admiring how satisfied and content he looked, as she collected a pair of towels, tossing one to land on his lap and wrapping the other around her waist, leaning back against a wall, feeling the ache in her own muscles, protesting at their own treatment.

"T...Thank you..." Jay said softly, raising his head once again with great effort, taking the towel in his hands and holding it to his lap.

Her smirk broadened as she stood, stepping over towards him and leaning down, kissing him lightly on the lips, holding it for a few moments before she drew back, his eyes sparkling even in his exhausted state, "You're welcome cutie..."

He blushed lightly and smiled, "What... What now?"

Katie stood a little and considered his words for a moment, offering a hand to pull him to his feet, "I guess... We'll find out the fun way, won't we?"

