Results and Consequences
byFred190666©

Notes from the author: Hi again everyone. First of all, I wish to thank those who encourage me to keep on writing. No matter how modest one claims to be, it is always gratifying to read such praise. Second, because I don't want to revisit a theme when I write, this is probably the last story where I will be able to draw upon personal experience or memories to ground the fantasy. This will be a sort of teacher's pet story... of course, since I am the author, you know it will be corny and with a happy ending, hi hi! After that one, who knows... do you have suggestions? Anyway, as always, I hope you have a pleasant and rewarding read.

P.S.: Contrary to my earlier "infatuation" storylines, in this story the relationship lingers somewhat. As a result, this is one of my longer stories. You have been warned! :)

1. The first date

"Am I really doing this? God, I feel pathetic..."

It was in this anxious and depressed mood that Gerald Anderson was thinking out loud in front of his hotel room's mirror, looking dejectedly at himself. The reflection was not the problem: as a private practice lawyer, he knew the value of a professional appearance and as a student who had earned a varsity letter in crew, he had the wisdom and discipline to keep fit. As he also believed in quality over quantity, he had decided tonight was worthy of wearing one of his Italian silk dinner jackets... no one had ever spent enough time with him to realize he owned only two of them.

So, the reflection was not the problem; in fact, Gerald was a striking 28 years-old young man endowed with a tall, strong, springy grace; his deep-set and expressive green eyes emphasized his natural empathy; no, tonight, the problem lay in the uncertainty and shame he felt for what was about to happen. The shame both for his appraisal of the morality of his future actions and also for denying to himself that he was excited about them all the same. When he couldn't bear watching himself anymore, he left his room and headed for the elevator.

Gerald walked about in the elegant lobby of the Hotel Lafayette and stopped dead in his tracks in front of the doorway of the Lafayette Brewing Co. restaurant. He immediately recognized his date for the evening, an exceptionally beautiful young woman, barely an adult, whose appearance for tonight traded erotic for elegance. In her short heels, she was just as tall as he - so around 5ft. 10in. - and she wore her jacket and skirt ensemble to perfection. Her shirt was opened enough to be enticing without being revealing, her makeup, glasses, hairstyle and jewelry were a symphony a good taste... in short, the two of them looked more like a legal team about to plead a case than a couple on a first date.

(Wow! There she is... no turning back now... let's go Gerry.)

Gerald was both terrified and completely hooked. He summoned his courage and walked up to her.

"Dana?"

She turned her lovely head and her hazel eyes sparkled upon recognizing him, like he was the most welcome sight in the universe. Gerald stopped breathing and he could swear he saw the swivel of her long golden-blonde hair in slow motion. He was mesmerized.

"Gerald! It is you! And, I must say... wow! Your picture does not do you justice: in fact, you don't look like a Gerald at all! Can I please call you Gerry?" He had offered a handshake, which she promptly set aside for two very decorous and expressive kisses on the cheeks.

"Ha! That makes you a woman after my dad's heart! Sure you can!" Dana was surprised by the booming, cheerful and hearty voice, which ill-fitted the sophisticated look of her date.

"Why do you say that, Gerry?"

"Because Dad was a HUMONGOUS fan of Supermarionation! In fact, when I was still a kid and he was 45 years old, we watched together ALL the original Thunderbirds episodes, and he was involved and full of researched lore! And I have an older sister so, of course, I'm Gerry and she's Sylvia Anderson. But I suggest we go inside, before I start my own geeky rant about the Thunderbird 2 take-off sequence and you run away!"

"Not a chance, Gerry... but I am hungry, so yes... let's please go in." She was perplexed and amused; she would look up the topic later.

They were both seated at their reserved table, far from the "bar-cade" as requested. That caught Dana's attention and, when she asked about it, got Gerald to laugh, and again its sound was hearty and warm. "Forgive me; I took for granted you would not be the type to play pinball or shuffleboard!"

Dana was a little unsettled, and her own smile dimmed somewhat. "Gerry... it's your date... we can do what you want... really."

Her awkwardness proved to be contagious. "Right... of course... I'm sorry, Dana, I've never done this before. Here... I believe this is what we agreed upon." He was blushing deep-red, his voice had a shameful tone and he handed her discreetly an envelope; it was thick and laden with a thousand dollars, which Dana counted and placed in her purse. She then, silently and efficiently, produced a receipt and handed it to him.

"Thank you Gerry. Is it your first time here too?" He nodded in agreement. "Same for me. And it looks like a great choice, so can we please return to enjoying ourselves?"

They were thankfully interrupted by the waiter, and Gerald would have kissed him for it. "Dana, do we indulge in wine or do we sample the local beer?"

"Beer is fine with me... I would like a Rough Rider Robust Porter please." Gerald raised an eyebrow but perused quickly over the menu and ordered a Roosevelt Red for himself.

"YOU, Dana, are a young woman of surprises and mysteries... and a very convincing liar... I will have to keep my eye on you!" Gerald said so in a mocking tone, but it was evidently heartfelt.

"And why would you say that, Gerry?"

"You obviously enjoy pinball and shuffleboard, you have enough beauty to induce a heart attack and enough class to belong in an executive boardroom if you wish, you have enough poise and presence to belie your age, you know your dark beer and have obviously been here before."

Dana felt both flattered and a little hurt. "Yes... you're right. I'm sorry. I play the innocent card sometimes, to reassure insecure dates. I will say though, in my defense, that you're not quite as I expected and I am struggling to get a handle on your expectations; I know it's not very professional on my part, but can we play our game with an open hand for just a minute, please?" That candor caught Gerald off guard.

"Very well... you start and I follow your lead."

"You hired me, Gerry. Dana Deep, transgender escort, fully functional and first-class all the way. It's obviously your first time at this. You clearly don't want your ego stroked and I don't see any peers to impress. Yet, we're not already naked in your room, so it's not all about my tits-and-dick either. Have I got something wrong so far?" Gerald was transfixed but, for some strange reason, also relieved.

"No Dana. You really are first-class. Yes, I hired you. For me and me alone. And - the fact that you dazzle me notwithstanding - I'm absolutely not proud of it."

After a short pause to collect his thoughts, he carried on. "You should know about me that, almost right after I started my practice, I had to become the live-in caretaker of my ailing dad, which pretty much stunted my social life for some years. During the lonely nights, I eventually streamed porn videos online; and the shemale - I know the term is improper but it is what it is - the shemale category became a recurrent source of arousal for me. And that planted something in me... I don't know what it is but it's powerful enough to impact my recent dating attempts after dad passed away. So I have to know: call it self-discovery, call it curiosity. But how do you approach an unknown woman when your prime interest is a research project in her anatomy? So I... huh... altered my searching strategy... and as soon as I saw your site, I knew it HAD to be you. You had me captivated on the spot. I want you, Dana; but I also need a date. I want to know you before I get to know you biblically. And I want both of us to enjoy this... this very short-term couple of ours."

He didn't see her heart flutter; she really was good at this.

"My condolences for your loss... and I suppose your mother is also gone?"

"Lung cancer... I was still young when that happened."

"You do understand this is not Pretty Woman, right? I am not to be saved and there is no ever after for us."

"The thought had never crossed my mind, Dana... the saving you part, at least. You are obviously focused and in control of your life. I have neither a clue to your motives nor any right to judge them. If I had to venture a guess, I would say you're currently in college, getting ready, quite on your own, for something better."

"Touche, Gerry. Junior BFA communication design. And your moral stance does your ethics lecturer position proud."

"You know about..."

"Of course I do... I always screen my first-timers beforehand. I congratulate you for your online discretion, but your website could really use some vamping up. Anyway, since we're talking about ourselves, could you please tell me what a probate lawyer is?"

"Probate law is the practice surrounding the recognition of wills and the management of estates, Dana."

"Again, not what I expected... you should give Mickey Haller a run for his money instead... you could be a hunk seducing juries with these eyes of yours; but let ME guess now: your mom or dad had succession problems?"

"Indeed... I'll spare you the legalese so, in short, Mom went to Heaven and Dad went through Hell and back right afterwards. Granted, probate law and its jurisprudence are not very appealing at face value, but most cases are poignant, with clients at their most vulnerable - a little like me right now - and the dramas I live do not require a courtroom novel villain. That sits very well with me. On the other hand, you, young lady, have a truly bang-up website... do you want me to send a reference to your teacher for extra credit?"

(What the f... less than 30 minutes with me and he's trading quips!)

For once, Dana was the one blushing and destabilized. "No thank you, smartass... you DO realize it's not Dana Deep that studies at SUNY Buffalo State?"

"To the titanic regret of the fraternity houses I'm sure! Now, since you've already been here, do you think the two of us sharing a large BBQ chicken pizza is a good idea?" Gerald was noticing the waiter coming in with their beer.

"Yummy! Gerry, you read my mind!!!"

"For real? You're not just trying to please?"

"For real, Gerry... look, I got your point and for you, tonight, it's as you wish: a one-night couple with no bullshit, OK? What you see is what you get!"

"Super! And, in case I forget, thank you in advance for a lovely evening... because if I do get all that I'm seeing, I might not be coherent by the time the carriage reverts to a pumpkin."

(Cut it out, Gerry! This is not a fairy tale... please don't get hurt...)

"Enough flirting before the meal, sir... please order and propose a toast."

After the order, Gerald gave it a thought and raised his glass. "To us, for tonight!"

"Cheers!" After her sip, she added "...a very good and appropriate toast!"

From then on, it was all joy. They enjoyed their beer, they enjoyed their meal, they enjoyed getting to know one another - albeit superficially for the Dana persona, of course - they also enjoyed sharing a French onion soup after the pizza, feeding themselves spoonfuls and making a mess with the melted cheese.

"Gerry, thank you... the meal was absolutely great! Now, I'm very sorry, but addiction calls... do you want to stick with me while I smoke one outside or do you wait for me here?"

"I'm right behind you; right after I settle the check."

She was in the process of lighting up when he joined her. Gerald noticed her brand of Natural American Spirit cigarettes and chuckled. "You know, smoking organic tobacco does not make it safer."

She looked at him irked, but only saw a good-natured smiling face that just couldn't be any less judgmental or condescending. He was really something else. "I know, Gerry... it says so on the label." But she was still trying to decipher his look, as he just stood there and watched her quietly while she smoked outside of their venue; she was sure it was regret.

"Look, Gerry, thank you for your effort in not judging... I mean, I know, it's a disgusting habit and all, but... well... I like it and don't want to stop. I figure if I don't die from smoking, I will have died of something else beforehand..." Dana delivered her well-rehearsed and often-used litany but suddenly felt like an ass doing it. "... but... huh... I don't suppose your mother's lung cancer came from asbestos?"

Gerald had a benevolent and forgiving smile. "No, you guessed right... mom was a heavy smoker right to her last breath; and she told me the only times she ever tried to quit - emphasis on tried - were during her pregnancies. But what also saddens me is that you have dismissed a very valid ethical conundrum about self-determination with a self-evident postulate." Again, a chuckle.

"But of course! What was I thinking? I apologize if my smoking gets in the way of properly resolving an ethical conundrum!" Now he laughed. And she felt good about it.

"You're not supposed to resolve it, Dana... that's why it's called a conundrum."

"God help me, I sense a lecture coming... what do you do if you don't resolve it?"

"The trailer version of the lecture only, promised. You do your best, basically: you figure your motivations, ponder the expected results with your moral standards, you make an imperfect choice and live with the consequences."

"Wow! Free ethical advice from a pro... thank you!" True, Dana had a knack for repartee that made her always seem in command of the situation, but this date was truly becoming out of the ordinary. She was involved in the banter, not regurgitating one or the other of her client conversation protocols. Standing there with him outside was effortless, even though the fall evening air was cold and she had already finished her cigarette. Even more gratifying, she was sure Gerry felt the very same way, completely oblivious to the passing time or the pecuniary nature of their encounter.

She started chewing a piece of gum and felt compelled to explain. "Bubble-gum flavor, Gerry... the best for masking odor, according to my dad who's in waste management."

"And she's also a pro at masking odors... there are truly no limits to your talents, young lady. Tell you what then: why don't I let you beat the crap out of me in the bar-cade?"

"Thanks Gerry! That would be great! Lead the way!" Despite the fact that limits in Dana's talents were embarrassingly revealed while playing shuffleboard and several pinball machines, that playful time was a delightful addition to their joy together.

After another humiliating defeat, Dana hugged Gerald closely for mock comfort... only to remain there long enough to feel sincerity and emotion in their closeness. "Gerryyy, why don't we go up to your room?" Her voice had morphed in such a sultry and alluring low tone that Gerald was startled. He silently agreed and they both walked out of the restaurant clinging to one another.

She could hear his heavy breathing while they were in the elevator. "Gerry, are you OK? You don't sound too good..."

Gerald smiled meekly. "I guess that, no matter how wonderful our date is so far, I still feel nervous about... you know..."

She gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. "Just relax, Gerry... look, do I excite you?"

"You know you do, Dana. For one thing, I chose you. Plus, you're even more a knockout than I expected. And to top it all off, you're super-fun to hang around with. So yes, Dana, you excite me... quite a bit."

She took his hand and placed it on the barely concealed bulge between her legs. "Now feel me, Gerry. You're a great guy, you're sexy as hell and you turn me on. I can't fake this. We are about to have a wonderful time together, all right?" The elevator doors opened, forcing the end of her hands-on pep talk.

They walked casually, hand in hand, toward his room. As she felt him balking at opening the door, she gave him a soft kiss on his lips to urge him inside. Once in the small atrium, he returned the kiss with an intensity that startled her. His lips were moist and extremely soft. And they were channeling heartfelt emotions.

(Dammit! Don't fall for me, Gerry!)

It was no use... Dana was won over by their kiss and got into it, probing his tongue with her own and signaling her own arousal. She ended the kiss before losing herself in it and asked, in a formal tone to regain control, if she should undress. She literally saw his heart bursting as he silently acquiesced.

It was not as lurid as a strip-tease... but it was more tantalizing than a wardrobe change. Dana slowly removed her jacket, her skirt, her shirt, her glasses and, after some hesitation, even her wig. The result was nothing short of a metamorphosis. Dana was now clad in black sheer lace lingerie and sported a short, wild, chestnut brown haircut. She did not revamp her makeup and looked up to Gerald, expectantly, before very slowly removing her panties and setting her penis free. It was already hard and ridged with gorged veins.

He took in the sight of her: the slender legs and neck, the shaved erection, the thin hourglass figure, the pert breasts, the self-assured poise. She was inviting and forbidden at the same time. But so amazingly beautiful. "Well, Gerry... just as promised, this is me without bullshit. I am 22 years old, I am healthy and I always perform safe sex. Do I still turn you on, lover?"

"Oh God yes! Dana, you're so hot it almost hurts just to look at you. May I caress you, please?"

"You're still quite overdressed to cross that line, Gerry." She said it tenderly, still intent on reassuring and calming her client. And she never let go of his gaze while he removed his jacket and the rest of his clothing, with clinical efficiency. She was pleasantly surprised by the bulge straining his briefs and lusted for the moment he would reveal his own family jewels. Not that she had to wait long for it. She gasped at the sight of his penis, a large, thick, hard, pale and uncircumcised rod. In fact, it was so hard by now that the prepuce was pulled back, exposing a pink bulbous gland that was already moist to a shine with precum.

More tantalizing to her was the fact that this hardness was matched by the one of his buttocks and groins, strong and lean. "Wow! Gerry, you are blessed and I am going to enjoy you!"

"I bet you say that to all the guys... and probably girls."

(Shit...)

"Well... as a matter of fact I do. But I intend to show quite clearly that I mean it, Gerry... now tell me: what do you want to experience with me? Are you a virgin?"

"With a woman like you, absolutely... and I wish to do it all, Dana: caress you, suck you, penetrate you. I also want you to penetrate me and I do hope I will be good enough for you to enjoy it."

"I am sure you will be. You can caress me now, Gerry..."

Gerald placed himself behind Dana, and gently let his hands discover her shoulders while kissing the back of her neck. She could also feel him deeply inhaling her aroma - a mixture of vanilla lavender perfume and bubble gum breath. He was worshiping her so much she almost felt the need to remind him she was a sure thing... but that would be denying that she did enjoy his pampering.

Gerald was focused both on listening to her relaxed breathing and on feeling the tingle in his fingertips from wandering all along the velvety smoothness of her arms and shoulders. He was now more relaxed and was tightly spooning her. She felt his chest on her back and the pressure of his erection on her tushy... and relished it.


(Mmmmhhh... he feels GOOD!)

Gerald then let go of her arms to remove her bra and softly discover the flesh of her bosoms. He just cupped them at first, without pressure, like he was enjoying the weight and the fit of her breasts in his hands. He then let his fingers wander, most of them caressing her nipples, and that made Dana whisper a soft moan in satisfaction.

"Do you like my tits, Gerry?"

"Yes I do... Dana, you have magnificent breasts. Are they sensitive? Will you like it if I kiss your nipples? Bite them maybe?"

"Hooouuu! Even though my 32Cs are man-made, they are sensitive and I will love it if you kiss and massage them... no need to bite or maul. Would you have preferred bigger ones?"

"No Dana... I chose YOU... and I am a firm believer that bigger than a handful is wasteful. You are just absolutely perfect." He massaged her breasts and ever so softly pinched her nipples to press his point.

"Hmmppff! Ho! You are indeed firm, hi hi!" Dana was enjoying Gerald's caresses and wiggled her tushy to accentuate her contact with his very hard penis. She then turned around to face him, and Gerald gasped at the sight of her wearing nothing but her garter belt and her pantyhose. She used the opportunity to bring his lips to her nipples... in no time he was practically nibbling them. For the second time now, Dana felt like losing herself in the comfort of his loving. She gently pushed him back. "Wow! Lover, you are doing great! Now follow me, please, we need to shower before going further into it."

"Of course, Dana... I'm right with you."

Whatever Dana had achieved in relaxing Gerald was crushed to nothing in the shower. Despite the warm water, she could feel him shiver at her touch. She was cleaning him properly and planning their upcoming sexual exploration while Gerald, for his part, was living an life-changing epiphany. Despite his better judgment and her own warning, he was inexorably falling for her.

"Dana, yours is the softest skin I have ever touched and you are the most amazing woman I have ever met. God! You are so beautiful! And that includes that magnificent penis of yours. I'm afraid I'm fall..."

Dana cursed inwardly and hushed him with a finger on his lips. "Don't say something we will both regret, lover, and focus on this instead." With her free hand, she was gently stroking his shaft, feeling her palm tingle all along his wet skin, and then caressed lovingly his glans, spreading his precum. When she fondled his balls, she noticed they were just as closely shaved as hers were. "Gerry, you have an amazing cock and it's obviously ready for me... let's start with this." She then guided his shaft on top of her own cock and mingled their hardness in her hand.

"Houuu WOOOW!" Gerald moaned and went straight for her lips. Dana could not avoid the kiss and, although she disapproved, she was startled by the passion in it. His lips were warm and gorged. His tongue was everywhere inside her mouth, caressing wherever it could reach. Never had she ever felt so intimate; she could hardly believe he was a first-timer. But no matter how loving the moment, Gerald was obviously failing at channeling his excitement and Dana felt he would cum in no time if she kept this up... and yet she did. She was caught up in their moment and wanted it to reach its logical conclusion. She returned the kiss with abandon and frotted their cocks with vigor, aided by the cascading water.

From that moment on, the shower was a crescendo of quickening grunts and moans, as they remained locked in their kiss for dear life. Dana's hand was spurred on by the cadence of Gerald's moans and soon was a piston of lust intent on reaching climax. She managed to mumble without forsaking her kiss. "Mmmmhhh... are you cumming soon, baby?"

Gerald was in pure heaven, overcome with lust and arousal; his hands were busy scanning, mapping and caressing the skin of her back and buttocks. He followed her lead and answered while still kissing her. "Mmhhh! Yea baby! Ohmyyy! Cumming soooon! ... Youuuu?"

That willingness to share the moment somehow sidetracked her control and she was startled to feel herself the familiar rush of oncoming orgasm. "Mmmhh! Yeaaa babyyy! Me tooo! Mmmh!" She also felt a hand of his on their cocks, partaking in the frottage. That was a first for her. They were still kissing and moaning non-stop when they came, within seconds of each other. Caught up in the passion, Gerald pushed forward their mingled bodies so hard that the shower door opened behind them, forcing a startling return to reality and a common explosion of laughter while they rinsed each other clean.

Afterwards, Gerald shut off the water and they both cuddled each other while drying themselves with the fluff hotel towels.

They were still laughing together when Gerald made it to the room's bed. "Dana, I must thank you. That was fantastic and beautiful... and it wasn't even sex yet! I just can't wait for what's next!!!" In sole immediate response, he heard the gargling sound of an obvious mouth washing ritual.

"You're very welcome, Gerry... I just hope I haven't ruined you for the rest of the evening." She slowly walked towards him, the fluid motion of her every step designed to arouse and her lustful gaze locked on his eyes. Without a word, she gently stroked Gerald's cock which stiffened in her palm in mere instants. Gerald's breathing was deep and heavy and a soft moan was escaping from his throat. "Are you ready for my ass, lover?"

"Uh huh... tell me what to do... please..."

"Go meet my asshole, then... kiss it, lick it." Like mythical warriors when they were charmed by an enchantress, Gerald moved mechanically in enraptured response to her magical command. He kneeled behind Dana, softly grabbed her buttocks and spread them apart to improve his access to her sphincter. He kissed it, kissed it again with more ardor and then presented his tongue; timidly at first, just a lapping, then he penetrated her brown entrance, got into a groove and kept at it, moaning enthusiastically in the process.

And the enthusiasm was quite shared. "Oh yea baby... just like that... mmhhm! That feels good... oh yes yes yes! Hooouuuuuu baby yeaaa!" Again, she was losing herself in the moment, telling herself she ought to let him tongue her for hours. But she had a contract to fulfill and, regretfully, she kept things moving along.

She spread her legs and bent forward, her arms on the bed, and called him to action. "Gerry, now you should use your finger in my ass. Get a feel for my rectum, baby, rub my prostate, then put some lube all over there." Gerry did so. Timidly, as if he feared breaking her insides, which made her chuckle. "You're cute, baby... go on... a little harder... I won't break... further, a little furYESSS! RIGHT THEEEERE! Keep rubbinnnng babyyy! Oughhhh! Hooo that's good! OK baby, use the fffinnnger for the lube... mmmghmmm... now pleaaase!"

Again, Gerald brought a laugh to her, spreading the glycerin lubricant methodically like if he was applying paint primer on a wall. "Gerry you REALLY are cute! My ass is super primed up, trust me... let's get a condom on that ramrod of yours, OK?" Although Gerald had brought some with him, she preferred one from her own supplies and gently coated his awaiting penis.

"OK baby... it's time... put all of that thing in there and, when you're used to the tightness, go ahead and fuck my brains out..." After a pause, she ad-libbed "... please. Also, when you're comfortable, you can jerk me off as well... it will drive me bonkers, OK?" She heard him gasp.

Gerald stood up behind her, caressed her ass for a moment and finally took a deep breath while positioning his gloved intruder. Just this once, Dana felt that maybe her flushed skin had nothing to do with her preparations but rather with her own trepidation. All thoughts went on hold, for both of them; the contact between condom and rectum was established. "Ready Dana? Here I go..." The dual lubrication - glycerin and condom - made for an easy entry, but his girth made for a reciprocating pressure each struggled with. The winces and moans were rapid successions of pain, discomfort and jolts of pleasure.

Gerald kept pushing in, as instructed, and when he was stuffing her colon up to his balls, he relaxed and let himself be flooded by the ecstasy of her insides, whose heat he felt even through the latex coating. "Am I hurting you, Dana? I'm all in, you know, and right now... my shaft feels wonderful. YOU have an amazing ass."

Dana was shortly at a loss for words. "Yes, lover, that mammoth of yours feels... mmmgh... super in there. Now FUCK ME, baby! Hard!" Again, she heard him gasp.

"Dana, I'm afraid I won't last..."

"It's all right, baby... this is for you to experience... and don't forget my own dick... as soon as you can! Get to it!!!"

Gerald pulled back, all the while looking at his massive cock exiting her stretched sphincter. He pushed back in, again watching it disappear inside her. Dana cooed in encouragement and then Gerald speared her in a single thrust. The cooing changed into a one-syllable yell. Whether it was from her command or his own arousal, Gerald then pounded her ass with his big white covered cock, and also pounded his balls on her ass in the process. He grabbed it with both his hands and started a frenetic doggy style in which he poured all his strength.

(Atta boy, Gerry!!! God you're GOOD!)

Soon, Dana was yelling in pleasure at the same cadence of his thrusting. She was thrilled to feel one of his hands let go of her ass and reach her own dangling dick, just like she asked. He stroked awkwardly at first, but he once again got into his groove and was soon jerking her off in harmony with his own shafting. Dana was now overwhelmed by competing waves of bliss. Just then, Gerald used his remaining hand to slap her butt cheeks and he quickened his cadence, totally immersed in feral lust. He was indeed fucking her brains out. Gerald felt he was grunting but he could only hear Dana's own yells and quick moans. Her voice kept rising in pitch until it reached falsetto and then cracked, and yet her moans would not stop.

Soon, though, Dana felt throbbing in both cocks. But her breathing was so quick and shallow, between all her grunts, that she was unable to articulate anything other than a strident "cuuummm!!!"

She felt her cock erupting in Gerald's hand and heard a "Cumming with youuuu..." that was matched by the pulses of his own cock filling the condom. The last slap on her butt made her yelp and leap from the ground, then Dana collapsed forward on the bed, alone. She struggled to catch both her breath and her wits; she was also wondering what was Gerald up to, until the murmur of fumbling footsteps revealed he was disposing of the condom; he sounded as sated and spent as she was.

Gerald slumped on the bed right beside Dana. He lied on his side, watching her intently and caressing her back. "Dana, sweetheart, you have just completely changed my world... I hope it was also good to you."

She was still panting. His loving caresses felt wonderful, but they were not helping... and she still had to perform. "You... betcha babe... now please lick my cock back to life before I pass out... softly please... it will be super-sensitive..."

Gerald was shocked still. "You... are amazing... please turn around." She did so, with an encouraging smile. While he was stocking up on courage, Gerald took in the sight of her, still somewhat panting. Her penis had softened and was still oozing some semen... it would be a messy first experience.

(Come on, Gerry! You know you want it... please take me...)

"You know, Gerry, if it's too much, we could juUUUSSTT..." Dana was interrupted by a tongue lapping her penis lengthwise. To say Gerald treated her softly would be a euphemism; like nitroglycerin would be a more apt metaphor. He was barely touching her foreskin now, cleaning her glans with the tip of its tongue. Gerald was careful, yes, but he was also sorting his feelings and desires in the process.

In any case, considering how sensitive Dana's cock was, he had unwittingly found the exact way to treat her well. She felt a tingling that reached her brain at each one of his gentle licks. He was making her hard again, and it was not hurting... she didn't have to concentrate or search her lewd imagination for inspiration; she was astonished.

(Oh! My! God! This is unbelievable!)

"Gerry... are you really sure you've never done this? Because... oughhh... you're really gooOOOD! You can take it all now... aaaah... and go quicker if you want... mmmphhh!"

"Why, Dana? This is a very tasty Popsicle that's not going to melt... and I intend to enjoy it... unless you don't like it, of course."

She guffawed and got in on the banter. "Oh I like this alright, babe... you can lick my Popsicle all you want before eating it... ohhh yeaaa... just like that!"

Gerald was now licking her stiffening shaft from glans to balls, and was covering her entire surface... his tongue was a brush and he was painting a solid coat of saliva on her cock. It was now completely hard, with an upward arc, and glistening in drool. Even her glans and her shaved balls were shiny and wet. Gerald was over her, completely focused on her penis, and Dana saw his head lower in front of it. She could now only see his light brown hair but what she felt shocked her wild: the same gorged lips that had won her over in a kiss were now coating her glans. Those lips, timidly moving back and forth, were as expressive as a two-pages speech: she felt his urge, she felt his fear, she felt his lust, and she was overwhelmed by his desire to please. To please HER.

As always since the beginning of their coupling, Gerald found his groove and got passed his fear. That's when she felt his lips lower along her shaft. Slowly, as if to taste the slick motion of her skin. Then his tongue started caressing her absorbed glans. Gerald moaned in pleasure and Dana felt its vibrations being channeled from his lips to her dick like a current. And it was electrifying. His lips drew back and then, more firmly this time, glided down her shaft. Dana then felt a moist contact on her balls: she was all in his mouth. His breathing was still calm and comfortable. Her length was just right for his mouth. She was in absolute heaven. Then it stopped.

"Dana, are you enjoying this? Should I do something differently?"

"Oh don't stop, Gerry... you're amazing!!! You're going to make me..." but then she took hold of herself. "No, no... wait... stop it now, Gerry, or else you're going to make me cum. You're too good for my own good! Let me lube you up and claim that lean ass of yours... I'm sure it's gonna be fucking tight!"

"As you wish... how do you want me?"

That question proved to be a dilemma. On all fours is more comfortable and gives a better hold for intense fucking. However, on his back, she would rub his prostate better and see his bliss. Why she chose the latter would haunt her for some time but, in the heat of the moment, her choice was clear and made without hesitation.

Dana first kissed and licked his sphincter. "Mmmmmhh... your ass is beautiful and delicious, Gerry. Are you really sure you want to give me your cherry?"

"Oh God yes! Be good to me Dana, claim me! I'm all yours, baby!" Dana gasped and was pretty sure her heart skipped a beat or two.

(No you're not! Stop this! You're going to get hurt, you idiot!)

But, if anything, Dana was a professional. She let his passionate outburst slide and introduced a lubricated finger in his rectum. This time, she tried to keep it clinical and to avoid his loving gaze. "Am I hurting you, Gerry?"

His smile was dimmed by a slight wince. "It's OK so far... mmmh... I feel pulses under my balls... is that my prostate?"

"Yes, Gerry, I'm massaging it now... do you like it?"

"HouHOUU! Yeaaa! Oh! It's goood! Wow! Wow! Now please fuck me, baby!" Dana closed her eyes and quietly sighed in despair.

"You want me?"

"More than anything!"

She quietly kept applying lubricant with her fingers while wrapping a condom over her cock with her other hand. Then she positioned Gerald near the end of the bed, placed a pillow under his coccyx and raised his legs.

"Are you comfortable, Gerry?"

"I'm OK..."

"Very well then, try to relax... if you do, my cock shouldn't hurt you. It's not as big as your juggernaut."

She placed her domed penis in front of his lubed rectum and pushed forward. The pressure was thrilling - Dana always enjoyed breaking in virgin asses - and the lubrication allowed for a painless entry. She pushed in slowly, with a diametrically opposed reaction: each one of his winces of discomfort was met by one of her moans of excitement.

"Gerry, I have to tell you: your ass is soooo tight! I'm going to looove fucking that thing! How about you, lover? Are you still up for it?"

Gerald was breathing hard, grimacing and failing at staying relaxed. But when he heard her voice, Dana could have sworn he calmed down on the spot, he opened his eyes and met her challenging gaze. His own look was of gratitude. "Yes, Dana... come on! Break my cherry! Make us cum again!"

(Geez! He just won't quit!)

"All right, bitch! You're going to feel my cock plowing your boy pussy... hold on tight!" But Dana could not fool herself: for all her dominating sneer and bravado, she had lost control of the date; completely.

She grabbed Gerald's feet, both for her leverage and to spread him as much as possible. Her first push was relatively gentle and Gerald moaned - it was a mixture of discomfort and wonder. By the second push, as Dana was comfortable, she speared him in a single strong thrust and he screamed - that sound was unmistakable pleasure.

Mere seconds after Dana had started giving the ride she promised him, Gerald raised his arms to spread his legs himself and beckoned her. "OhWow! Dana, this is so amaaaazing! OHHHH! OhWow! Keeep going! Ummphhff! Kiss me pleaaaase!"

(No! Don't!)

She knew she shouldn't. She told herself she shouldn't. But her heart fluttered and, at seeing him so ecstatic with tears in his eyes, it melted away all good sense in her. She lunged forward, grabbed his neck with her free hands and almost violently pressed her lips to his. Their tongues mingled and almost battled: Dana lost herself in their coupling and put all her strength in her kiss and in her shafting. She had to be mindful of her hold on his neck, as erotic choking was not part of their contract. Besides, this was no longer a fuck. It was more.

Gerald was grunting and, more than the sound, the vibrations in his mouth channeled the pleasure he felt. Dana was getting the message loud and clear through their kiss and she could feel her own heart bursting from the thrill of it all.

"Ohhh! Baby! I LOVE... fucking... your tight assss! You... are a... happy... place... for my dick! Cum... soon!" She knew she had the stamina the make it last. She told herself she should slow down. But she didn't want to. She wanted to cum; with him; NOW. It was eerie: she realized he was her bitch but she was the one possessed.

When Dana felt his huge cock starting to throb, wedged between their chests, she traded their kiss for a handjob. She rose up, kept skewering his asshole and used both hands to jerk him off to oblivion. She pumped in frenzy, from his balls to his glans, and Gerald became completely incoherent. His arms quivered from the spasms of pleasure while holding his legs apart. He screamed in rhythm grunts of bliss, to the top of his lungs.

Then Gerald screamed a long, sustained, moan. Dana knew he was trying to hold back his climax to the end. Not a chance. She kept on pumping and increased the force in her hands, heightening the friction, and then she was stunned. Gerald yelled and she felt a wet stream of cum hit her cheek. Another scream, and this time the stream of cum hit her breast. Another scream, and this time it felt like a beam of cum painted her chest in a straight line. More screams followed, with ropes of cum surging from his glans and flowing all along her hands. It was almost scary. She stopped pumping his cock and just milked it now, and his screams were morphing into laments, the last one almost a squeal. Poor Gerald was obliviously trying to beg her to stop and could not utter the words.

Never before had Dana felt such power over a man. It was inebriating. And she decided to return the favor, upon feeling her own throbbing cock: she pulled out, deftly yanked away the condom and jerked herself on top of him.

"My turn, babyyyYYY!!!"

For a third climax, she was surprised at the amount of her cum that erupted all over his chest. That sight pleased her to no end. She kept on painting her man... except he was not hers. She gently collapsed besides him, panting, sated, drained... but not happy. Her smile had also already dimmed. Gerald was caressing her breasts and she found the willpower to gently hold his hand. He did not oppose her. It was understood between them: their time together was up. And Dana heard an inside voice lament in despair within her broken heart.

They silently got out of bed, stumbled to the shower and washed themselves. This time it was courteous and polite. After drying themselves, she took him by the hand, picked up her cigarettes and led him with her to the balcony, both of them in bathrobes.

She lit up. Gerald stayed close to her, mute. Both seemed oblivious to the cold.

"Gerry, we have to talk."

"I agree."

Dana drew heavily on her cigarette, searching for the right words.

"I hope you had the experience you were looking for. I also hope you had a good time. For my part, I had an absolutely great time. I am convinced you will make someone happy forever, Gerry. But it cannot be me."

"Even if I want it to be?"

"You are not listening to me..."

"But I am, Dana. I hear you loud and clear and you are absolutely right. You gave me the short-term couple I wished for and it was glorious. Now that it's over, I don't how it feels for you and I refuse to guess. But, for me, it feels pretty much like a breakup... and I deserve it."

That last admission startled her. "Why on Earth would you think that?"

"Remember what I told you about results and consequences? The difference between them is that results are what we expect and consequences are what we get. You have been nothing but amazing and true to our... agreement. And you had the common sense and judgment to warn me all along. I... well, I expected some self-discovery without unduly hurting anyone... I have now affirmation of what I want. That I would hurt myself in the process serves me just right."

"Come on, Gerry..."

"No, No, let me beat myself up. You deserve nothing less from me than a permanent extension of our No-bullshit clause. I guess you will go on with your life and your studies, and I wish you all the best. I will live the rest of my life with the question of how it might have been if I had met you differently, and not as a client. You know, there is nothing deterministic or even ethical about the heart... it wants what it wants and that's why it sometimes drives people to feats or excesses. I did not want to fall for you. You did not want me to fall for you. But I have. And it's my loss."

"Stop this Gerry, please. For one thing, maybe you feel nothing more than an excited crush after some very amazing sex. And even if it is as strong as you feel, you HAVE to get over it. Gerry, my heart cannot belong to anyone right now, nor do I want it to. Even if we had met under other circumstances and you had wooed me - and I can tell you're a super-great guy - we would still be in this cul-de-sac. For what it's worth, Gerry, the loss is mutual, not just yours."

Dana spoke with tenderness. Gerry felt she really wanted to let him fall softly. But he also saw her rub her eyes and wince in discomfort. "Are you OK, Dana? Can I get you anything?" She pursed her lips and pondered her choice of answer.

(Well, he did ask for no bullshit... and maybe it will help him deal with this.)

"Nothing serious, Gerry. I often get headaches after I take Viagra. I'll just go get my Advils and I'll be fine."

"Viagra?"

"Yes, Gerry. For me, it works. On the big jobs, it cuts my down time. But I get headaches, flushed skin and pretty much all that is written on the warning label... except the four-hour-long erections, obviously." She smiled sardonically and sneered.

Gerald had an embarrassed look. "Oh... huh... did you take anything else?"

"As a matter of fact, sometimes I also use Ecstasy... but tonight I had so much fun that I was already in the mood on my own. No bullshit, Gerry... I mean that."

Gerald sighed. "I understand. Let me get some of my Tylenol for you, then."

Dana was puzzled. "I told you I..."

"Use an anti-inflammatory pain reliever, on top of a vasodilator and smoking... yes, I heard. Look, I know it's not a hazardous combination like Viagra and Nitro, but I fear your heart rate will still be all over the place. I know Tylenol is not nearly as potent, but it's much safer for you right now, so humor me, OK?"

(He really cares... you poor blind fool, my heart rate has nothing to do with drugs right now!)

"Well well well, are you a probate lawyer or a doctor, Gerry?"

"Former live-in caretaker, remember? I have gotten pretty much the whole gamut of First Aid training available to non-professionals in Health Care." The banter was back in his voice and Gerald was now calmer. He returned to the room to get his offered assistance and she followed him in.

After she took his pain reliever and while she was dressing, Dana noticed that Gerald eyed her in despair. He obviously did not want her to go. However, Dana found it in her to end this, rather than hustle some more money out of him, which he obviously would have agreed to.

"Thank you for everything, Gerry. I had a lovely time. You know, all good things must come to an end. And this was a VERY good thing. Have a good life, Gerry. And you can obviously call on my services again if you want to... or need to." She kissed him softly on the cheek and opened the door.

"Wait... take this... it's my card. Please call me if you need more Tylenol or anything else, all right?"

"I don't think that would be a good idea..."

"So it's in line with all I've done this evening. Call it a token of unrequited friendship if you must, but you cannot refuse me this. Please."

She flinched... and took the card. She made the point of carefully inserting it in her pocket-book in front of him. "Goodbye, Gerry."

"Goodbye Dana, have a happy life." Gerald watched her, in mournful silence, walk away towards the elevators. When she was out of sight, he entered the room and slouched on the bed. He replayed the evening's events in his mind. Twice. Then he rose, got dressed, cleaned up the room and checked out, indifferent to the late hour.

2. The lecture

It was a cold, snowy January day in Buffalo but Gerald Anderson was carefree. Sure, winter means shivers, slush, boots, heavy coats and a hiatus in his beloved rowing activities, but to Gerald winter also means lecturing, a sideline to his work that he would never do without. Plus, today he seemed in luck. On this day, the first day of the trimester, he was pleasantly surprised to find no last minute venue change, no scheduling error, and no problem of any kind with the student list or any other of the typical first-day irritations that he usually puts up with. He was walking leisurely to his classroom, with plenty of time to spare.

(Imagine that... a glitch-free trimester so far...)

Little did he know, while entering the classroom, that he was walking into the biggest glitch of his life!

She was there. In the classroom, sitting in the first row. From that moment, Gerald greeted the students already present and proceeded to his desk on autopilot. His mind was in a complete frenzy.

(Dana! No, not Dana, you idiot! She's here! Shit, shit, shit shit, shit... SHIT!)

While sorting his documents and readying his computer slideshow, he discreetly checked himself out. His shirt was tucked in correctly; his sweater was lint-free; his pants were recently ironed and spotless; his shoes were polished clean. Good.

Now he dared discreet glances toward her while appraising his class. Just as his current casual look had nothing to do with the one of their first and only date, the object of his affection could hardly look more different: she wore a rainbow colored t-shirt with a gaudy label saying "FLUSH BATHROOM BILLS", her short hair was gelled and slightly spiked, her jeans were loose-fitting and well-worn, her glasses were of minimal frame and her makeup seemed non-existent; she looked so young and rambunctious, Gerald was almost expecting her to chew gum and sport a backward baseball cap! And yet, he was self-conscious and careful not to ogle, so beautiful he still found her.

For once, he was literally saved by the bell. He focused on the task at hand, a little more nervous than usual owing to his audience.

"Good morning, class, and welcome to the winter 2016 edition of PHI 314 Contemporary Ethics. My name is Gerald Anderson and you can call me Gerry. Before we begin with the syllabus, the agreement on grading and our first academic discussion, let me briefly introduce myself. I am 28 years old, single and when I don't lecture or grade papers here, I have my own practice as a probate lawyer. In fact, this is why you will find my business card on the desk and I encourage you to take one... not to advertise my services for your will, obviously, but to better reach me, as I am seldom on campus. This winter trimester will mark my third time teaching this course and I find it, as always, a privilege."

"Now, right off the bat, I will say that my personal objective for this course, the one above and beyond those of the syllabus, is for you to become better moral thinkers. It sounds lofty, probably a little pretentious, but it is what it is. Today's society has a multitude of ethical conundrums and challenges in just about every aspect of living - work, business, health, love and what not - and the combination of two hundred years of guaranteed freedom of thought and conscience, coupled with the separation of Church and State, has given you the opportunity to choose freely your own moral compass; sadly, I believe that few put a lot of thought into this."

"As you have probably surmised, I have no PhDs in philosophy and I do not publish on this subject, so I will NEVER EVER consider my lectures as axioms or absolutes. You will be welcome to disagree with me. As long as your ethical position is coherent, that is fine by me and, in fact, will make me happy. I am here to teach, not to preach."

"Another thing in this preamble of mine: you will notice that most of the required readings are current publications or novels. If you expected comparative remarks between the ethical musings of Kant, Mills, Hume, Socrates, Rousseau, Epicure, Rawls and other superstars of the discipline, I urge you to transfer to the History of Ethics class - I know for a fact that professor Lowenberg is absolutely superb and you will not be disappointed. Likewise, if you expect our ethical discussions to spill into policy-making, I'm sure there are excellent classes in political science to that end."

While addressing that last remark, Gerald was looking directly at his Dana's t-shirt. She got the hint and replied "... got it!"

"Very well... miss?"

"Winters, Paula." He glanced quickly: the name was in his student roster. That made him giddy.

(So she isn't just here to drop by and say hello!)

"Excellent, Miss Winters. Now, lastly, to all of you I pledge to make a serious effort to remember you by name before the end of our time together... unfortunately, I will most likely succeed only shortly before the end."

"Okayyy! You probably all know already that ethics is the field of philosophy dealing with morality. Now, it is generally recognized that there are two main approaches to the discipline, one being meta-ethics and the other normative ethics. In this course, we will spend almost exclusively our time on the latter and... yes, Mister?" A student had chuckled and raised his hand.

"Butler. Why are we even still working on meta-ethics today? Is it still even relevant?"

(As usual, a PHI major who thumps his chest...)

"I cannot say how much of an effort is still spent on the field but to call it irrelevant is a rash statement, Mister Butler. For those of you who take this course as an outside elective, I will just state that meta-ethics deal with the very definition of good. Now, Mister Butler, even though we are all a well-educated bunch in the 21st Century, can you tell me what good is without resorting to a tautology?"

"I could try, but my point is precisely that it is beside the point. I don't have to be able to articulate what good is, I have the innate knowledge of what it is!"

"Wow! I am impressed, Mister Butler... although your answer was given for all the wrong reasons, I thank you for speaking your mind openly and, in fact, stumbling into a very valid argument. You, sir, have actually quoted almost word for word a Canadian Supreme Justice. The only difference being that Judge Sopinka was tasked with defining decency at the time. Now, Rousseau postulated that we are born good, not that we know what it is... so where would your innate knowledge of good come from? Nature or culture? Do we all have this knowledge? Is it identical to all? Should it be? To these questions, I have no established answer. But I hope, Mr. Butler, that we can at least agree that the people who choose to research these fields of thought are not irrelevant, especially in our current world of religious zealotry and realpolitics. Now, don't worry people, these few abstract moments were probably the last we will devote ourselves to this topic."

"Now, to introduce our own future course material on normative ethics, I would require a volunteer that is here as an outside elective and currently studying a professional field." Three persons raised their hands. Gerald pointed at a young lady near the back row. "Miss?"

"Devers, Allison. Engineering."

"Fantastic! And I thank you for being here. Miss Devers, suppose that, in a couple of years, you are tasked to inspect a bridge for a Government Agency. You realize that the structure is gravely flawed, probably a safety hazard. Now you know that the procurement process for repairs, the environmental assessments and all that sort of thing, will take time. So you decide to warn people - let's say for argument's sake that you accept a news media interview and flat out admit that the bridge is dangerous. If you behaved just like my outlandish scenario, what would likely happen to you?"

The student was startled and, after a thought, replied. "I would probably lose my job... at the very least be cited in front of the Board of Engineers."

"Why? You have just performed a great public service!"

"Well... they did teach us in deontology that we're supposed to keep the confidentiality of our client. But we are also required to promote safety and denounce malpractice, so maybe I would be OK?"

"A superb answer! Wow! I seem to be blessed with a gifted cohort this year! Miss Devers has just stated the fundamental distinction between deontology and an ethical dilemma. Deontology - which means the science of duty - only deals with the act in itself. However, when working with normative ethics, which also have the goal of defining how one should act or react, one MUST always take into account the circumstances, the stakes, the act and the outcome. Thank you, Miss Devers, and I can tell you, before we go on, that if your Board of Engineers behaves like the Bar Association, your appraisal is correct: you would be reprimanded and fined, maybe even suspended. It is a sad fact of modern life that ethical behavior sometimes exacts a price."

"All right then, let's return to our syllabus..." and the three hours seemed to whiz by. As they always do when Gerald gets into his teaching mindset. No amount of stress, illness or exertion ever dampened his enthusiasm for teaching, even this odd course which he accepted after his own probate law lectures were cancelled for lack of student enrollment.

The class, while leaving at the end of the period, seemed enthusiastic about the upcoming trimester, and so was Gerald. He also noticed that Dana... no, Paula... was taking her sweet time in packing her belongings.

(Please stay behind! Pretty please!)

He got his wish. They were both alone in the classroom and Paula noticed he was excited about it. "Hi Gerry."

"Hello. It's a pleasure to meet you, Paula. And to have you here, of course. How have you been?" Once more, he offered his hand. This time, she shook it firmly.

"I have been good... actually, I should say I'm doing better. The Holidays are always a little hard on me so I'm truly happy to be back in class. And you?"

"Also doing better. The Holidays, alone at home and with extra-bereaved clients at work, have always been the low point of my recent years. But teaching always perks me up and having you in my class is a splendid boon. What made you choose my course?"

"The teacher, of course! Do you know that you are one of the best reviewed guest lecturer on campus?"

"Baaah! That's because the workload is not too heavy and the average grade is high."

"All the more reason to take the course, then... I must say, though, that when we last met I never got around to ask why you ended up with this lecture. The Powers that be had nothing for you at law school?"

"Indeed. Probate law has not much sex appeal to students, I'm afraid... regardless of current legal and demographic trends. And I was told, when they gave me a shot at this lecture, that I was following two teacher changes in two straight years. One was deemed too rhetorical, the other too legal. I guess I'm lucky I found the right tone with the students."

"Right tone, huh? Are you oblivious to the swooning looks of the female and gay male class population? You, sir, are one seriously hunky teacher. That poor Miss Devers will be dreaming about tunnels of love, not bridges, tonight!" There was that mischievous look again. Whatever her mood, Gerald found her company intoxicating. He would have to be careful.

"Swooning... really? Then I suppose I am unaware... but I am not oblivious. Regardless of my feelings for any student, equity must be my only goal and caution my only attitude. Even though I teach adults, a simple misunderstanding can still ruin my teaching career, and ultimately even affect my legal standing." Both had sorrowful looks while he stated this, as if silently understanding the implication for both of them and agreeing to it.

"Then I should not linger and make a bad impression. I'm happy to see you again Gerry. And don't worry about me... I will never be the subject of a... misunderstanding."

"Thank you for making it clear but, in truth, that thought had not crossed my mind in the least. I trust you, Paula." But, just then, Gerald reacted to outside noises and checked his watch. "We should leave; the next class is soon due. See you next week?"

"Oh, you'll see me all right, Gerry."

---

(Hang in there, Gerry, only two more papers to go!)

Gerald walked to the bathroom hall, washed his hands and rinsed his eyes, then returned to his small office. He was reminding himself, as he frequently does, that the teaching he does for free, the salary is for the grading of papers. He chided himself for complaining while it was still early in the trimester and started reading and commenting the second last paper, an essay on the ethics of patriotism and freedom of expression. It was a good thing the other lecturer who shared this office had gone home, as the papers sprawled all over the desk area. Well, it was late... but Gerald, whenever he could, always tried to grade homework in a single sitting.

He was already focused on his task, so Gerald was startled to hear a knock on the door. He raised his head and was delighted to see Paula, waiting to be welcomed in... with the same deference than the vampires of legend.

"Good evening, Mr. Anderson, can I trouble you for a couple of minutes?"

"Of course, Miss Winters, come in, please."

While he hurriedly piled the papers and made room for her to sit, Gerald noticed that she wore another of her militant t-shirts - this one a memento of the 2015 Pride Parade - and that she was chewing nervously her bubble gum as she closed the office door behind her. The aroma of her perfume and breath instantly brought back vivid and fond memories; Gerald also felt a stir in his pants.

"What can I do for you?" He was moving in his chair to sit straight and, unsuccessfully, mask his excitement.

"Explain me this, please." She handed him over a graded paper, her first in his class, with a scornful and belligerent expression.

"Do you think I graded you unfairly?"

"I don't know about unfair, but I poured my heart out in this paper and I hoped for better than a B+, that's for sure! And all those complimentary comments about the research and the analysis of the Bedford vs Canada decision, to then be told my ethical examination is shallow!!!" She was exasperated by Gerald's puzzled expression, but he replied in earnest.

"I mean exactly what I wrote in there, Paula, the paper was a superb research on the decision by the Supreme Court of Canada to unanimously strike down the anti-prostitution dispositions of their Criminal Code. If anything, I ought to keep it in my legal library it's so good. But this is not a law course. And there are a lot more ethics at stake than the security of the sex workers, as you must well know..." he paused, because he knew that he would not get away with that last remark.

"You're kidding, right? You want me to write about MY experiences? Are you a voyeur or something, Gerry?" He let that one slide... he deserved it.

"Not write about it... but let it infuse your reflection. Look, we were commenting Starship Troopers this week in class. Tell me this: do you think Robert Heinlein would have written the same classic in 1968, while we were embroiled in Vietnam, or in 1983, when the stage was set for mutual assured destruction, instead of 1959, deep in the nuclear race?"

"I don't know, Gerry, I never met the guy! Where are you going with this?"

"Good! Even when you're mad, you can still think objectively! You're better than I am! I obviously don't know for sure either, but I don't think so. I always prefer Hume to Kant when discussing choices, because Hume postulates that everyone is motivated in some way, and that always affects our choices. So, just like Heinlein used the History and Moral Philosophy courses in his book to settle some scores with his pacifist peers, use your own soul searching and experiences to reach and communicate your own ethical conclusion, not just the legal one of nine Justices."

She stayed silent.

"Answer me this, then: would you have been just as likely to choose my class if we hadn't met last fall?" That got her wide-eyed in stupor.

"Right... Gerry, you're telling me, in your thoughtful tact, that karma is a bitch. You're heading back to your results and consequences routine. Christ, you hammer that one in class almost every week! How do I relate this to my paper, help me see!!!"

"Okayyy... let's talk security, the very topic of the Court decision you researched so well. Tell me: if a contract of yours goes sour because of uncalled-for violence and your escort activities are 100% legal, do you file a complaint for a rape or for a breach of contract?"

"Huh?"

"Don't play dumb now! And, by the way, do you apply for an OSHA workplace accident if you're hurt?" She was still stunned in silence. "Could one coherently reconcile a capital criminal offense and a workplace safety program?"

"Really! No comment? Than how about family structure? Accidents do happen... how do you deal with pregnancy? Do you write pre-sex agreements just like prenups? Without being unduly prudish, did you ask yourself if a couple can share their life and strive while one or both of its member are in the sex trade business? In reverse, should a deontology code order sex trade workers to forsake emotional attachments until their retirement... as you once so abundantly made clear, to me... and could such a code be conceivable, constitutional or enforceable?" They were both a little choked up.

"Come on! Cat got your tongue? Fight a little! How about equity? Is it fair that dumb lummoxes who happen to be great athletes - and I concede they do work very hard at it - get access to a prime education and to a 31.9 million dollars budget for NCAA teams in our University, while you who are devastatingly beautiful - and God knows what you must have endured to achieve it - must behave as a criminal to benefit from that asset and get educated in the process?"

She raised her hands in surrender. "I get it... OK... stop it, please... but you lost me, Gerry: you were all over the place in that rant of yours; are you telling me you're for or against..."

"I don't know, Paula, but I'm not the one trying for an A+ paper on self-determination and the sex trade. What did I once tell you about ethical conundrums and imperfect choices? You, of all people, are the only one who knows what my imperfect choice was once..."

She finished his sentence "... and what were the results and consequences. Yes, Gerry, I remember." But just then, something stirred in Paula. She scanned around and a playful spark showed in her gaze.

"You really think all our choices have consequences, do you?"

"Yes..." Gerald looked drained.

"You know what? To thank you for your tutoring, I will try to prove you wrong, Mr. Anderson..."

"I beg your pardon?" She was actively looking for something in her purse and now had a lustful grin.

"Mister Anderson, I will be your teacher's pet and, when - and only when - I feel like it, I will relieve that beautiful cock of yours... and that will happen with no expectations and no consequences whatsoever... other than you proving me right at the end of your lecture." She was already in front of him, like a nymph, and Gerald was powerless, and also quite unwilling, to resist her. He was hearing his belt being unbuckled and felt his heart race. He was feeling his briefs lowered and his breathing stopped. He moaned... none could tell if it was a protest or an encouragement.

And then he felt it. Paula... no, Dana... had a glove on her hand and was getting re-acquainted with his large and engorged penis. "What a beautiful thing you have there, Mr. Anderson. Not quite your best asset, but an impressive one just the same!"

"Dana... please..." it was a pitiful attempt and it was obviously not heartfelt.

"I do not recall asking your permission, Mr. Anderson..." she was getting high again, from the buzz of the power she had over him. She missed that. She started stroking his granite-hard cock, slowly, gently, and carried on "... and, judging by your reaction, I don't think I need it. Now, I don't think that the class lesbian twit spending time for tutoring late in your office will raise suspicions, but I still suggest you try to remain quiet... hmmmm."

Her first handjob on him was slow and tender. They both could feel the passage of her glove on the veins and ridges of his gorged penis. His glans felt the gentle slide of the glove, lubricated by its seminal fluids. In almost no time, they both could feel throbbing and Dana got out a tissue to prepare for the upcoming milking. Just as she heard Gerald hold back the yell signaling his climax, she slowed down her tempo instead of quickening and relaxed the pressure of her gloved hand. A little frustration never hurts a cumshot, after all... and then it happened. The first spurts had high velocity and went much further than where she held her tissue and they landed right on her t-shirt, at breast level. Annoyed, she then milked his cock mercilessly and it really soaked her tissue. Gerald looked sated and looked like he was searching for words to thank her. Not a chance.

She whispered, now confident she was in total domination over him. "Wow! Look at how backed up the poor guy was... and the mess you made! Now I'll have to clean up... so I have to concede round one to you, Mr. Anderson. But, you know the saying: if at first you don't succeed, try and try again!"

In fact, she has never really stopped caressing his softening penis, and now she was picking up her tempo and increasing the pressure. There would be no tenderness this time, she was jerking him off to a second climax whether Gerald wanted to or not.

"aaAAAH!" It was still sensitive.

"Sssshhht!" She placed her free hand on his mouth and kept on jerking. "I just can't do this every time, you know... I'm not to blame if you neglect your poor not-so-little dick... so now hush and let me make sure it's properly drained."

They both remained silent for the rest of the ritual. Dana jerked Gerald's cock back to hardness and kept miming encouragement. Gerald was so overwhelmed by what was happening he might as well be dead. Dana used her free hand to caress the soft skin of his cheek. She also gently grabbed his neck... she missed that as well. And then it happened again: HE was the slave, SHE became the puppet. She was jerking him like a blur and, in spite of herself, she rose to his lips to steal a kiss. A kiss of true love, just like the fairy tale; a kiss that brought Gerald back to life and a kiss that was returned with unabashed passion. His mouth had become a trap from which Dana found no escape, no matter how much her tongue searched. He even stole her piece of gum and kept it like a guarded treasure!

She heard him gently moan his climax into their kiss; she also felt the moistness of his cum dripping from her gloved hand. She let go of his cock before her experiment became painful to him... but she could not yet let go of his mouth. They hung on to their kiss until both felt a gush of emotion that could not be denied. "Wow! Whheew! OhGod..." were whispered in unison. Their wet eyes were speaking volumes and remained deadlocked.

Once more, she found it in her to end this. She shut her eyes and spoke, in a playful tone. "All right, Mr. Anderson, I also concede round two. Guess I'll need to keep on trying, then... good night, Mr. Anderson... I need to go home, now." She left and closed the door so promptly, Gerald was not even 100% sure she was properly dressed.

But he didn't care. Just like after their date, he felt alone, empty and abandoned. So much, in fact, that he was haunted by her last remark: was she going home to relieve herself, to rest, or was a client waiting for her? Gerald knew he was jealous but he cursed himself because he knew he had no right to be, and he wallowed in self-pity. The last two papers would wait for later.

---

Paula once mockingly said she passed as the class lesbian twit. The fact is, she played that role to a tee during class. So, of course, as befits her status, she was the last one finishing her final exam on the last day. When she was sure they were alone in the classroom, she slowly walked to lock the door. She then walked beyond the door's viewpoint and motioned Gerald to come close to her with a simple motion of her finger.

For one magical night and now for the past 11 weeks, poor Gerald was nothing more than a possessed plaything under her spell. He once pondered if the spell was Paula's or Dana's and decided it didn't matter. When he was in front of her, him standing in a back row of tables and her sitting in a chair, she mischievously handed him her final essay and taunted "you know I aced this, don't you?"

"I have no doubt, Miss Winters..." and that was not faint praise, as she had indeed proved to be a smart, a fearless and an insightful moral analyst. Both of them kept it hidden from the class, but she had quickly become one of his star pupils.

"So you know that what is about to happen has nothing to do with your grading or my upcoming excellent mark..."

"That depends on what is about to happen..." he really tried to get in on her banter, but the fact that this was their last time was making it difficult.

She had already lowered his briefs and set his massive cock free. It was already hard and pointing upward at her hungry gaze. "Nice try, Gerry... look, I'm having a hard time too, OK? Lucky for me, I can depend on HIM to get us both in the mood... now let's try something different today, if you don't mind."

Now that she mentioned it, Gerald did notice that she did not have her glove on and she fondled his balls, obviously enjoying the feeling of his shaved skin on her fingers and palm. "Hmmm...I missed that... tell me Gerry, have you been good? Or have you finally gotten around feeding this marvelous dick of yours some ass or some pussy?" Her voice was sultry and a little menacing. Gerald gasped.

"Dana... or Paula... ever since last fall there has been only you... and I think you know that."

(Dammit, Gerry! Why must I always be the bitch?)

"Gooood! Now look at me, Gerry." She then locked her gaze into his and kissed the bulbous glans of his hard cock. Gerald was enraptured and he moaned in excitement, as she had never before sucked him. But now... well, it was difficult to judge if more arousal was channeled from her tongue or her eyes. Dana had obviously set her sight on a very sensual blowjob. She never swallowed him whole, as that would deprive them of eye contact. Gerald would always see her intense gaze, loving and lustful, focused on him, while her tongue slowly lapped the underside of his shaft or caressed his glans. He was assaulted by jolts of ecstasy from the warmness of her hand fondling his balls, from the wetness of her tongue polishing his skin and gently tripping on the ridges of his gorged veins, and also the from the feral lust channeled in her gaze.

She did not utter a single sound and let her eyes do the talking. She kissed and even bit ever so softly the nerve ending linking his glans to the rest of his shaft. Gerald was wild and clenching to the desk with all his strength to keep a hold on his breathing. Never had he been so intimately loved before and, behind the bliss, he felt a twinge of agony for not having the right to act on it. Then a huge jolt of pleasure shocked him back to the present moment: Dana had just snuck a finger inside his rectum.

She was still silent and both their loving gaze were locked together. Mindful of the passing time, again she found it in her to end this. She massaged his balls and his prostate a little firmer, she licked his shaft in one warm slurp and finished with a wet kiss on his glans that waited for his orgasm. Gerald, ever her slave, did not disappoint and climaxed on cue, whispering his withheld yell of joy. He spurted twice on her hair and constantly erupted on her lips for several seconds. By the time he regained his composure, her face and both her hands were soaked with his cum.

She licked herself clean and looked wicked doing so. "Mmmmm... you know Gerry, you don't taste half bad... here, you try it." And she kissed him; to her amazement, he welcomed it... all of it: her wet sticky hands on his neck, her kiss, her tongue mingling with his and mixing his cum in their mutual saliva. When she ended the kiss, he swallowed all in silence. They were both blushing.

"Thank you... that moment was pure magic..."

"Thank YOU, Mr. Anderson. You taught me some things this trimester and told me some other things I needed to hear... and during all my time with you, I felt great. This is another VERY, VERY good thing that must come to an end. I trust you still have my number... call me for anything."

(So, this is really Dana talking right now...)

Gerald felt his heart crack a little. "Of course! You take care, now, Dana. Good luck with the remainder of your studies and with your upcoming career... have a happy life." She somehow felt his underlying pain.

Just before opening the door and walking out, she replied, forlorn "... it seems you were right, Mr. Anderson, I guess there are always consequences after all..." and she closed the door behind her.

3. The river

"I'll talk to them, Paula, promise... I'll reaaaally try to get them to see you! Are you sure you're gonna be OK?"

Paula was a little irritated, but mostly tired. "Yes, sis... I'll be fine. And don't force the issue with dad... one shunned daughter is enough. Now will you just go and let the nurse do her job, please?" She forced a smile, mimed a kiss and shooed away her sister, who silently accepted her dismissal. Her departure coincided with the arrival of the duty nurse.

"Good evening, Ms. Winters." The nurse's voice was tender but a little mechanical. It was obvious that, in her round, she had other patients with much bigger health concerns that occupied her thoughts. "I see the scarring is doing great... how about the headache? And are you still drowsy?"

"Since the last round, I haven't felt like puking... which is nice... but the headache is still pounding."

"That really can't be helped, I'm afraid... I see your vitals are all good and stable, so I'll get you some more acetaminophen for the headache. For what it's worth, I've heard we might discharge you tomorrow and your concussion symptoms should have fully subsided by the end of the week. Also, before I go, I have to ask if you're up for an additional visitor."

Since she couldn't leave yet, what she really wanted was to rest. "Who? Police again?"

"No... a tall young man is waiting outside, a Mr. Anderson. He seems very worried but also made very clear he would return later if you needed some time for yourself."

Her heart leapt... but her excitement was kept in check by a sting of pain from her headache. "Oh! Sure, please let him in... and thank you."

She was taking her pain medication when he walked in, looking like a lawyer who just stepped out of a roller coaster. His collar was unbuttoned and his silk tie was loosened; he looked like he had been wearing his shirt forever. But Paula was disconcerted by the look on his face, a mixture of concern and guilt. "Heeey, Gerry! Here you are and I'm taking Tylenol again... what's with that?"

"Hello, Paula. I'm sorry for the late hour, I got here as soon as I heard and was able..."

"It's quite alright, Gerry. I'm happy to see you but a bit surprised... how did you know?"

"The police interviewed me just as I stepped out of Court this afternoon."

(Crap!!! His business card!)

That revelation was an added hammer to her headache. "Oh my... I'm so sorry, Gerry..."

"Don't fret... I'm glad I got to know about this and it accounts for my being here... but all this time, no one would tell me how you're doing. How are you, Paula? You look like..."

"I've got beaten up? As a matter of fact, someone kicked the merry shit out of me."

"Dear Lord... anything broken? I don't see any drips, just the usual monitors..."

"I've been told it's all big bruises; face and ribs. Plus a concussion, which accounts for my stay in observation tonight... and my headache."

Gerald had moved closer to her and was now holding her hand. "Then maybe I should go and let you rest. I can be here tomorrow to bring you hom..."

"No no, Gerry... please stay a while. In fact, you know what? Why don't you wheel me outside so I can smoke one?"

"Sure... whatever you want." And Gerald, recalling on years of practice, proceeded to help her rise out of bed, dress and get comfortable on her wheelchair. Paula could simply not believe his tenderness and devotion towards her. He rolled her out of the room, informed the nurse and they proceeded to the main entrance. She lit up as soon as they were a couple of feet passed the door.

Gerald stayed silent as Paula dragged with desperation on her cigarette. "Don't look at me like that, Gerry... I really need this cigarette, OK! Not to feel guilty about it!"

"Sorry about that... but the smoking has nothing to do with it, though... what happened, Paula?"

"I remember toasting with other students the end of the winter trimester... and the bar we had chosen was not rowdy at all. Next thing I know, I hurt all over, my head explodes and some doctor I already don't remember the name tells me I have gamma-something in my urine..."

"Gamma-hydroxybutyric acid, Paula... that's GHB, a date-rape drug."

"Well, well, well! Are you a lawyer or a chemist, Gerry?" It felt good to jest with him once more, but not enough to overpower her headache. She winced.

"My first internship was with the DA's office. I researched for three rape cases during that time. Would you believe I even practiced pronouncing the name in case I went to Court? So... I suppose whoever did this undressed you and... huh..."

"Got a nasty surprise? Yeaa, that's one assumption the police is working on. The other being a deliberate act: hate, revenge or something like that. Not that they'll get very far."

"Why would you think that? Lord knows I'm not a specialist on the matter, but I thought I was interviewed rather thoroughly."

"Right! Tell me, how did that go?"

"Well... they informed me I was not a suspect, but since my business card was in your pocket book... and since I kept asking how you were and not what happened to you... I guess I unwittingly raised a couple of red flags. But the campus cameras confirmed my presence at grading your final exams, plus my hands were without any bruising, so I was cleared to go, and worried as hell. Then I dashed to see you."

She lit up another one. Gerald had never seen her smoke that much before. "Look, Gerry... just in case I'm asked, how much did you disclose about... us?"

"All of it, Paula... that I once retained Dana's services, that you were a student at my winter lecture, and very militant about LGBT issues, that I pine for you and would not harm a hair on your body." He sighed in relief.

"Why on Earth would you say all that? That could get you..."

"Nothing I don't deserve for what I've done. Plus, since most of what we did was on record, the police might have found out, on its own. It already knew about Dana Deep's website. And, according to your literary recommendation, once you lie to the police, they have you... that written advice stayed with me the entire time, so..."

"What advice are you talking about, Gerry? My head must be more damaged than I thought!"

"Mickey Haller! Ever since our first date I've been reading Michael Connelly. The Lincoln Lawyer stories first, then the Jack MacEvoy ones... I might start up on Harry Bosch soon."

She remembered. "Ha! Funny!"

"In any case, congratulations on your A in ethics."

"Thank you, Mr. Anderson... and thank you for being here, Gerry, it feels great to be with you again." They both noticed a lights-out on several floor of the hospital. "Guess I should head back to bed..."

"Sure... say, I know I'm nosy, but I noticed someone with you before the nurse came in, was that your sister?"

"Cathryn, yes... deaaar Cathryn..."

"Woow! Someone else than me has sister issues?!?"

When they were in the elevator, alone, she told quickly the tale of how Cathryn, during one of her run-of-the-mill teenager arguments, had blurted out the source of Paula's "scholarship" and thus disgraced her to her parents, who had supported her so far, especially during her transition.

"I'm sorry Paula..."

"Hey, no biggie... results and consequences, right? Just like now?"

By then, they were back in her room and her roommates were resting. Gerald knew his time was short so he had to whisper and hurry, all the while helping her change and get into bed. "Don't do this."

"What, Gerry?"

"Play the deserving victim. Remember the Heinlein quote: the universe is how it is and not how we think it should be. Sometimes, life just happens and that's what occurred yesterday: no expected results... only consequences that are up to you. Sleep on that please, I have to go... see you tomorrow?"

"Don't you have Court or something tomorrow?" The nurse was now peeking in the room and ready to throw Gerald out.

He kissed her quickly, on the lips, before going. "One nice thing about estate management cases is that continuances don't really hurt anyone... good night!"

---

Paula Winters was indeed released from Mercy Hospital the next morning. And she became the very reluctant recipient of Gerald's care, who took her home and dropped by, every evening, to check up on her and cook a warm meal. By the end of the third day, she found the strength in her to end this domestic charade.

"Gerry, I can't thank you enough for all that you did. Really. And I feel better now. You know, I start an internship tomorrow and, thanks in large part to your care, I won't start late or bent out of shape. But I really ought to take back control over my daily routine, now, you know?"

Gerald, in fact, heard a howl from the deepest core of his soul and wanted to sob on the spot. But he put up a brave front. "Very well, milady... I won't impose. It was a pleasure to help you. Now... I know it's none of my business, but is it only Paula who will be working... or also Dana?" That blunt question shook the diplomacy right out of her.

"It IS none of your business, Gerry... unless you're looking for a date, of course." That blunt answer leeched almost all benevolence out of Gerald, but he chose to hold on to his last spark.

"As a matter of fact, I am!!! Sleep tight and good luck with the internship tomorrow... I'll call Dana later to discuss details, OK?" He promptly left and kissed her cheek while closing the door behind him. Paula took a deep breath and sighed in worry.

(Gerry, Gerry, Gerry... what are you doing?)

---

It was a warm and beautiful May evening and Gerald, while waiting for Dana, enjoyed gazing at the sunset over the Buffalo River. He was also fidgeting about his upcoming date and, once again, trying to sidestep his guilty conscience.

He saw her ruby-red car, a very tidy and recent GM Cruze, approaching the grounds of the Buffalo Scholastic Rowing Club and she playfully honked while parking. It seemed that Dana had a wardrobe set in store for absolutely every occasion: clad in her Nautica sweater, knee-high blue cotton shorts and immaculate leather dock shoes, she looked better dressed for the outing than Gerald was. And, as usual, she took his breath away.

"You keep surprising me, Gerry..." she kissed him on the cheek "... this is NOT what I expected for a sunset outdoor date!"

"Thank you, Dana, because I will take that as a compliment. I must say that you look amazing this evening, as always."

"Thank youuuu! And YOU look positively scrumptious! Do you need any help with that?"

"Wait a second..." he then proceeded with the envelope-and-receipt ritual. With that out of the way, he carried on as if nothing happened. "THAT is called a shell and your help is appreciated, thank you. Just grab it here... and away we go!"

"Wow! This is light! Are you sure we won't go through?" That made him laugh.

"Positive... if we wanted, we could try for the Olympics on that shell. It's made of carbon fiber reinforced polymer." She noticed he was carrying only one set of oars.

"Don't I get one of these also?"

"Normally, you should, as this is a double scull, but tonight I thought I would just row you around... it's the closest I can manage to a gondola ride." He was laughing shyly.

"My my! Aren't we romantic this evening! And this place is really nice."

"We are actually planning for a new boat house but, yes, we are rather proud of the place."

As they made their way towards the dock, they crossed path with a young man, obviously closing down the installation. "Good evening Mr. Anderson! You're out late this evening!"

"Good evening, Dave. Yes, tonight, it's a late initiation row. I'll close up shop when we're done."

"OK then! Good evening Mr. Anderson, and good evening to you too Miss! I hope you two enjoy yourselves and that Mr. Lowenberg will not be too jealous!"

"Thanks, Dave... and I'm pretty sure he will be."

"HA!!!"

Dana had a flash of recognition while they were seating themselves in the scull. "Wait... Mr. Lowenberg? Isn't that the name you mentioned for another ethics teacher?"

"Good memory! Yes, Ari and I are both founding members and we met here. We normally row together on this double scull and we frequently crew together in coxed eight events. We've been friends for years and, as you probably have guessed by now, he's the one who arranged for my first tryout at your ethics course."

"Wow... I guess it's a small world after all..."

"Actually, my dad would have disagreed with you on this... but he always maintained, especially when I was wondering what to do with myself in my teen years, that you have to just get out there, no matter what... you always meet people and things happen... he always defended the notion of serendipity. I guess my life trajectory would prove him right... of course, these days, people connect differently, so I suppose his paradigm is getting outdated."

By now, they were set and ready to leave on the river. "Now, Dana, you can probably feel just how close to the water is our center of gravity; the rule here is no sudden movements unless you wish for a swim."

"So what do I do, Gerry? You're behind me..."

"Enjoy the water, enjoy the view... I always do; and rowing is a quiet sport, so if you want to chit chat or sing, that's also going to be great." And Gerald started gentle strokes to get warmed up, and then reached his routine rowing stroke.

There was not a wisp of wind and the water was calm as oil.

Dana was pleasantly surprised. For one thing, they were making good speed; but her main astonishment was the view at dusk. She was neither born nor raised in Buffalo and never cared for this part of town, whose history and outlook were marked by the Buffalo shipping canal; but, from here, these old buildings and factories had a quaint nobility to them. Soon they were cruising under Ohio Street, as Gerald was rowing upstream, and she realized, from her new vantage point, the splendor of the Buffalo emerging nightline.

Just about then, Dana heard a tune being hummed behind her. "Ro-wing, ro-wing, ro-wing down the river..."

"Oh no you don't, Gerry! You DO NOT get to desecrate CCR! I got this covered..." and while he rowed, she sang Proud Mary, from start to finish, an ode to her childhood memories of evenings in the family house when her mom would play CCR CDs while her dad watched the TV news. That just warmed her heart so much.

"Wow! Thank you very much, Dana; that was lovely." Gerald was starting to turn around and row downstream.

"You're welcome, Gerry... and so is this, by the way... you really like rowing that much, don't you?"

"Even more than that, Dana... rowing is now part of my very being. Dad always dreamed to be a boater and move upstate where the good lakes are... but that was never really in the cards. Still, we shared plenty of fishing and waterfront camping. So when I discovered rowing at college, it was such an amazing escape from the academic tensions and such a bridge to my youth! As a plus, it's also great exercise..."

"You don't have to tell me... I'm so tempted to turn around and just watch you hunk around on those oars... just the thought of it makes me wet!" She had reverted to her sultry voice. The one from their first date and their office frolicking.

Gerald was flustered. "With encouragement like that, young lady, I just might row right down to Niagara Falls!" Indeed, Dana heard an increased tempo in his rowing.

"Ha ha ha, very funny, mister... but, huh... seriously now, Gerry... there's no chance of us..."

"HAAA!!! No, silly! I was just kidding! It's a good 20 miles to the falls and there is a reason why marathons are run, not rowed!"

"Good..."

"Still, I must admit that it would make for a nice sight, the both of us on top of the nighttime falls, don't you agree?"

Dana was suddenly talking in a shy, embarrassed voice. "I wouldn't know, Gerry..."

"You've never seen the falls at night? Or the fireworks?"

By now, she was sounding sullen. "Gerry, my nighttime knowledge of Niagara Falls pretty much amounts to honeymoon suites."

"Oh..." Dana noticed the rowing had halted. She turned around cautiously and noticed Gerald checking his watch and miming calculations at the tip of his lips. She then heard "... change of plans..." and gasped at the intensity of his renewed rowing, obviously his top competition cadence. She intuitively understood that he was now fully focused on his stroke and waited for later to ask about the new plans.

They were stowing the scull and oars when she gave it a shot. "Gerry, what are our new plans?"

"Niagara Falls, of course! It's a lovely evening and about a half-hour road trip. We should make it by ten for the fireworks."

Dana stayed silent. That trip meant he was forfeiting any decent amount of time for a sexcapade and he obviously knew it. And yet, there was such hope and thrill in his voice, as if this new plan was such a better prospect. She felt a twinge in her head, not so much a relapse of her symptoms, but a reminder that, all along their boat ride, she had remained pain-free. The twinge moved down to her heart.

(What IS IT with me and this guy?)

They drove together in his Ford Fiesta. "Nice car, Gerry."

"Thank you... now, please tell me about your first days at that internship of yours."

She did, for a good part of the road trip. She was working for a small ad agency and, despite her early misgivings, she admitted enjoying the artistic freedom entrusted in her, as she quickly realized she was pretty much the whole of their Internet products department.

"That's super Dana... you're gonna make yourself invaluable and they will just HAVE to offer you a permanent position!"

"You really think so, Gerry?"

"I KNOW so... that's serendipity for you..."

"Hmmm... then maybe you should include that in your syllabus for next year." After a short silence, she offered her rendition of Have you Ever Seen the Rain and, by the time she was done, Gerry was navigating within the city of Niagara Falls and making good time.

"Dana, you have a magical singing voice... thank you very much for sharing it with me." He held her hand and she blushed, but the moment was short-lived as Gerry was now parking near the Niagara Falls observation deck.

They walked briskly and quietly, hand-in-hand and with minutes to spare, to get as close as possible to the American falls. Talking would have been almost useless anyway, such was the white noise of the falls' rumble.

Gerald stopped near the end of the Prospect Point walking path, hugged Dana from behind and remained motionless, so she was free to admire... no, to be captivated... by the majesty of the falls, right in front of them and brightly colored by the neon lighting; she could also gaze at the horseshoe falls further down to her right, on the Canadian side of the river. She felt the tingle of the falls' mist add to the one in her soul. Every moment with him was special, but this one was pure Heaven. The brief fireworks show was just icing on the cake. She knew those precious minutes would be branded in her heart and mind forever.

When the fireworks show was over, nothing needed to be said. As other sightseers were calling it a night, she turned towards him and Gerald was stunned to see tears inkling down her beautiful face. He did not have time to wipe her eyes as she gently palmed both his cheeks and kissed him. Their lips were moist and the kiss remained tender, bare, and honest; it was another kiss of true love. Her hands were now caressing his shoulders, his strong arms and his soft hair. And then Gerald hugged her even closer, bringing in contact both of the compact bulges in their loins.

Dana opened her eyes in shock; that was no accident. "Stay close to me..." she whispered and then she anchored herself on his shoulders and she started to sway her hips, rubbing their hardness together. She felt the rush of arousal within her and heard him moan in bliss. At that point, it felt like an explosion of passion. Gerald kissed her furiously, his tongue trying to merge with hers, and he cupped he firm buttocks; after a few strong caresses, almost a mauling, he strengthened his grip and lifted her, to perfectly align their crotches.

Startled, Dana clasped her legs around him and now she humped him furiously, each rub punctuated by a deep breath and a grunt they both could feel inside their kiss. Within mere moments, Gerald got a feel for her rhythm and contributed to her humping in complete harmony. He was ecstatic about this: they were both going to cum on top of the Niagara Falls.

"Hmmmm... Dana baby, this is amazing, hmmmm.... Cum with me honeyyyy... hmmm... I love you..."

(NOOOO! Gerry, you CAN'T love Dana!)

"Yea baby... ooooh... you feel great... mmmh... cumming soon... with you!"

Gerald was strong and Dana was relatively lightweight so they kept at it, just like that: Dana clinging to him for dear life, both of them kissing with abandon and humping to climax. They were oblivious to the world around them but, luckily for them, they had the falls all to themselves by then.

With each frot, Gerald felt a pulse build in his balls and every nerve in him screamed to go faster. Dana was not better off, feeling the constant caress of his large bulge and every time having the mental image of her ass being actually impaled on that marvelous cock of his. And she wanted to cum NOW.

It got to a point they could not kiss anymore and could only manage to mumble words of encouragement between moans of pleasure. They kept on humping under a soft chorus of "gooood" "cummm" "greaaat" "soooon" and "amaaazing". Then, at the culmination of this coupling, Gerald froze still, crushing her ass on him and winced almost as if he was in pain. Dana felt the pulses of his spurts on her own shaft and balls and that knocked off her bearings. She barely muffled a huge "Ohmygooood!" on his sweater and felt her own eruption just as he was loosening the pressure on her body.

They were panting, with sweat mingling with the mist, and looking at each other in a loving gaze of wonder. They silently agreed it was time to let go and Dana was wobbly on her legs, still clinging to Gerald.

"Gerry... that... that... was fucking... awesome!"

"You took... the words... right out of my shorts!"

"Dumbass... and I mean that literally!"

"Hi hi! We should go back at the observation tower to clean up a bit..."

"Can't we stay a little longer here, please? I want to see the falls some more..." Gerald silently agreed and stayed put as long as she wanted. She was admiring the falls, he was ogling her.

Right after they got out of the restrooms and Dana smoked a cigarette, Gerald reached the top of his imaginary roller coaster and dived again, while walking to his car. "You know, Dana, if you're free tomorrow, we could stay here and spend our Saturday together at the Aquarium and other places in Niagara. I know the city pretty well... it was our fun destination, dad and I."

(Damn you to Hell, Gerry! Must I always hurt you?)

"Actually, Gerry, I have plans tomorrow... I'm extremely sorry. You have no idea how much your offer means to me."

(like... THAT was so lame!!!)

"Of course, Dana, I understand... say no more and let me drive you back to your car. Actually, you know what? Do you think I could have a piece of that bubble gum of yours? I think you got me hooked on those things... my pack is already empty."

"Funny, I never ever see you chew..."

"I guess the aroma reminds me of you when you're not around..."

(That's it, you bastard! Keep on salting the wound! I deserve it.)

"There you go..."

"Thank you."

For the return drive, Gerald put on a brave face and talked almost non-stop about the childhood memories of his frequent trips to Niagara Falls with his dad, with the wonder of the Aquarium and the thrill of kissing a sea lion at a premium. Also, he talked about their wine tasting expeditions, when they both got older, down the Niagara Valley wine route in Canada. This time, there was no innuendo, no flirting, no undertone... just a trusted friend bearing open his soul. Gerald was still at it when they parked back at the rowing club, marking the end of their date. For the first time, he found it in him to end it.

He kissed her on the cheek and remained at the wheel. "Thank you Dana... I had an amazing time tonight. Please be careful returning home and good luck with your internship this summer. Good night."

Dana felt so violently repulsed she might as well have been sitting on an ejector seat. She withheld tears. "Thank YOU, Gerry... I always have a fantastic time with you... please, please call again. Good night."

As she watched his Ford disappear in the horizon and smoked alone beside her car, every instinct of hers foretold that her last wish fell on deaf ears. She had been on the river, went on top of the falls and tumbled down. She then drove home in despair, with a suddenly huge headache.

4. The Christmas bombing pause

"Yes, Sylvia... I understand... no no! No problem, it's all set... yes, I have the address... don't worry, I'll figure out the navigation... yes, yes, see you soon! Bye now..." Gerald finally hung up, feeling like someone capping a Genie in his bottle. He almost felt tired. Mostly, he felt anxious.

He looked outside from his closed window and realized his heart felt as bleak as the grey skies and snowy cityscape outside.

(Face it, Gerry... you need her... but then again, what good is moral support if you always feel like crap afterwards... not to mention broke!)

He allowed himself to think on it while doing his daily workout on his rowing machine. He was still thinking on it while purchasing the required supplies for this upcoming trip. Again while he got his car prepared and also while he checked his office schedule for the Holidays period. Then, one evening in December, there was nothing left for him to do to postpone the inevitable... he dialed.

"Hello..." There was the sultry voice... he had not heard it once in seven months.

"Good evening Paula, it's Gerry... is this a good time to call?" An uncomfortable silence ensued.

"This is Dana Deep on the phone, what can I do for you?" His heart sank to abyssal depths, but at least he was thankful she was being straight with him and did not end the call.

"I would like you to accompany me on another road trip, Dana... yes... Staten Island... three days, four at the very most... Christmas time, if you're free... oh, I understand, of course... what? You will! That's super! Yes... my sister Sylvia. All right, we can talk again later for the details... ok then... good night."

(Now you've done it! And why was she in a hurry to hang up? Did she have a date tonight? And why did she waver: is she mad at me or will she be canceling already planned dates?)

Talking to Dana was akin to crossing a marked minefield under fire but, whatever his misgivings, Gerald could not deny he was excited. Tonight, he would be going to bed with his dildo, his butt-plug, and just allow himself to feel his need, his thrill of expecting to see her again.

---

He was happy he did not have an accident on the way to her home... that's how excited he was on his way to pick her up. And Dana, standing outside at 2h AM with a tuque, mittens and a parka, looked like a snow queen. Her beaming smile could melt snow and he was as dazzled as ever by her. She tried to dust herself before stepping in the car, to no avail... powdery snow followed her in. The very instant she was sitting down, Gerald felt her frosty cold lips on his; they were still moist and soft. "Hi, Gerry!!! Did you miss meeee?"

"Yes, Dana, I missed you terribly... are you all set?"

"Indeed! Drive, Gerald!" She spoke with a caricature of a British accent and was obviously in a playful mood. The fact they had settled the transaction ahead of time helped, as it allowed them to avoid that usual awkward moment.

"All right then... have a good trip!" He was caressing her thigh saying so... it just felt so right. She did not resist or appear startled.

"You too..." She kissed him again, a quick peck on the cheek. "Now, explain to me why we are driving six hours instead of flying?"

"Because you obviously have no concept of flying to New-York for the Holidays... also because the back is full of paint and I was weary of declaring that sort of liquid to an airline. There are so many restrictions these days."

"Ah... so I heard you right... we are going painting; Gerry, if I ever write the memoirs of Dana Deep, the chapter on unusual dates will be devoted solely to you!"

"No, Dana, WE are not painting, I AM painting. Sylvia will not stand the vapors and, even though I'm bringing several odor absorbers, I expect her to step out. I don't mind that though, I'm good at painting. When I told you my dad was a painter, I didn't mean an artist; he was a blue-collar city worker: he painted arenas, community centers and offices for almost 40 years and I like to think I'm a little chip off the old block..."

"OK, Gerry, so I'm here to... give your sister a good time?"

"NOOOO, you nympho! She's a mess and I'm her moral support. You're going to be MY moral support!"

"Are you kidding?"

"Of course not, Dana... there is no one I would rather have with me to face this." It was very heartfelt and Gerald heard Dana skip a breath.

"Well... thank you but... come on, Gerry, how hard can this be?"

"I have, in fact, been searching for a proper image to picture you this adequately... and the Christmas bombing pause always comes to mind, to tell you the truth."

"You DID NOT just compare your relation to your sister with a chapter in the McNamara book on Vietnam!!!"

"I'm always amazed by the quality of your memory..."

"Don't sell yourself short; your required readings were almost all pleasant surprises. And they did turn me into a 60s History buff. I've read Dean Rusk, Ted Sorensen and Arthur Schlesinger since then... but that's beside the point... how can you picture your situation with Sylvia so bleakly?!?"

"Because my sister issues are deep-rooted and without solution. She's eleven years older than I am and Destiny gave her the raw deal in our family, through and through. Mom died at the onset of her teens and dad... well... he was comfortable with boy things and boy issues. So she gets married as soon as she can date husband material instead of immature jerks, and that anchors the rest of her life. There was a chasm early in the marriage but she fought like hell to hold it together, for her sake and especially Chloe's, my niece. The few times we spoke while I was in College, I kept urging her to leave Steve before she irrevocably hated him and it would be too late for her to rebuild her life, to the expected barrage of denial and verbal abuse on her part. And now it turns out I was right... and she's down for the count. I'm not going over there to gloat, Dana... I'm picking up the pieces and I don't have any glue."

Her hand was on his. She was already needed. "Still, you're describing me a tragedy, not warfare..."

"Because I have empathy now doesn't mean I had sympathy then, Dana. When dad got sick and all our lives went to the crapper, she was caught up fighting for Steve and also with Chloe in a full rebellion phase. She let me hang out to dry, with choice words of detachment about dad and his favorite son as a bonus. It was ugly. Really ugly. When we halted communication, it was more of a truce and mutually agreed so we would not completely annihilate our relationship."

"I get it... and she needs you now?"

"Yes... we've been sporadically keeping in touch since dad's funeral. Her divorce was recently finalized, Chloe left for College and it just hit her that she's now living alone. So she tries to restart living as one instead; she told me she sold her Manhattan condo and bought a nice little house in the St. George district, within walking distance of the ferry. For her to choose to reside in a heritage zone, I suppose she intends to restore the building... that ought to keep her busy for some time. In any case, she asked me to paint and spend Christmas. And I want you there with me. End of story."

She was petrified and unsure how to react. "Well, well, well, are you a lawyer or a therapist, Gerry?"

He chuckled. "A lawyer who listened when HE went to therapy."

"The chasm, as you called it... what was it? Did he cheat?"

"I wish! That would have been easy! Steve did not want any more children after Chloe. I don't know if his motives were health-related, financial, altruist or self-serving, but he was intractable on the issue. And Sylvia wanted kids. Plural. Even when I was too young to have a clue about the facts of life, I was aware of that yearning of hers. She should have never compromised on such a big deal to her, but she insisted it was her choice to make... and she was right and, now, here we are."

"And of course, she's your big sister, so you're diving back in there..."

He grumbled in agreement and, after a short pause, he carried on. "There is also the upside of a possible pleasant Christmas for the first time in years... and I recalled what you also said about the Holidays, when we spoke last winter... so I figured maybe we could be lucky and also share this." He turned his free hand around to return her grip while saying this.

"Gerry... that's very sweet of you... I don't know what to say..."

"Say nothing more... I'm glad that you appreciate the thought and... you know what? I hope we do have a good time; we deserve it!"

Dana was blushing deep red and kept her grip on his hand, which was slightly shaking. "I agree, Gerry! Fuck it! Let's have a good time... provided you get us there alive, of course. This pocket rocket of yours is not exactly winter rally material!"

"No worries there... I have some winter driving experience and, also, I have invested in winter tires. We should be fine and on time."

"Winter tires... wow! That's very Canadian of you, hi hi!"

"Eh? Before you start calling me a hoser, maybe you could choose a selection on the iPod for the tunes. It's already connected to the stereo."

She had a puzzled look, obviously not catching his Bob and Doug Mackenzie humor, and strolled down the playlist titles after a brief moment getting familiar with the stereo controls.

"Gerry... you have a playlist with my name?"

(ShiiIIITTTT!)

"Yes, Dana... it's... euh... oh, well... you'll hear it for yourself."

Upon hearing the soft bass intro of Lou Reed's Walk on the Wild Side, she cooed "ouhouuuu, naughty boy! I love that song..."

She was perplexed by the next song, a ballad. The screen on the car stereo said I Don't Know How to Love Him, sung by Yvonne Elliman on the Jesus-Christ Superstar Album. She repeated the song. "This is really beautiful, Gerry... what does it represent?"

"Yvonne Elliman plays Mary Magdalene and sings that lament while Jesus-Christ is asleep, on the night after he entered Jerusalem and chased the merchants from the temple..."

"Oh... so of course I'm Mary?"

"Actually, when I listen to the song I really identify with her words... no bullshit."

She repeated the song again before asking "could we share?"

"Of course, Dana." But that answer was almost drowned by Haddaway's What is Love, and they both set out to swing frantically and sing the lyrics at the top of their lungs. Gerald thought they nearly mimicked a Saturday Night Live Roxbury Guys sketch, but kept it to himself.

While I'm Not in Love from 10cc was playing, a couple of titles later, Dana said "I love my playlist, Gerry, thank you..." before dosing off on her seat. She did not see Gerald shed a tear while he listened to Annie Lennox singing Waiting in Vain, soon afterwards.

It was still dark when she stirred and woke up. "HMmmm... hey, Gerry... how long have I been snoozing?"

"About three hours; we're approaching Binghamton, do you need a smoking break?"

"Naaah, I quit!!!" She was beaming with pride. "We can go a little further along and stop for breakfast."

"OK then, we stop at Scranton for breakfast; and congratulations for quitting! Was it as hard as they say?"

"Brutal! Even with the help of therapy and prescriptions, for me, in the end it all came down to force of will. But I wanted it hard enough and I'm very proud of myself. You know, last summer, after the beating, I ended up almost chain-smoking; that got me to think about your mother... and I worried."

"Then you ought to be praised! And I'm really proud of you!"

"Thank you, Gerry... coming from you, it means a lot." She took his free hand into hers. He softly returned the grip.

---

The decision for a night trip paid off; they had an eventless drive and arrived on schedule at the small house on Montgomery Avenue. Sylvia was waiting for them and fiercely hugged her brother as soon as he stepped out of the car. To Dana's great relief, they both immediately, and effusively, quashed all past grievances; Gerald then wasted no time setting himself up to paint all day.

"Thank you for all the pictures you sent me, Sylvia... it really helped my planning and your instructions are quite clear. Are you sure you two are going to be all right while I do this?"

Sylvia guffawed. "Seriously, Gerry? Two girls; New-York; Christmas shopping... WE are going to be great! Right, Paula?"

"Absolutely!!! See you later alligator!" She gave him a quick kiss before running away in jest. "Come on, Sylvia... and just where, exactly, did you had in mind?"

---

"Wow! Ger-ry! You weren't kidding! You ROCK at painting!" They had returned just before dinner time and were astonished to see that Gerald had finished all his paint work with the roll, in the entire house, and was finishing his cut-out work with the brush in the master bedroom.

"Paula's right, Gerald... thank you very VERY much! This is a huge deal! You would have done dad proud."

"You're quite welcome, ladies... of course, the single-coat paint has a lot to do with it. Sylvia, are you sure you're going to be all right with the air quality? We can't really open all the windows wide in December..."

"We ought to be all right. Now, Gerald, I'm calling the pizza right now. Your girlfriend told me about her choice of toppings already. You're still up for double-pepperoni with a cold beer?"

"Mmmm! Like you wouldn't believe!!!"

Gerald was done painting by the time the pizza arrived and the three of them had a small but lively pizza party. He keeled over and went to sleep on a couch almost right after eating, apologizing for deserting them before the cleanup and wishing them a fun evening without him.

---

"Come on, wake-up, you poor beast of burden! Time to go to bed!"

Gerald remained lethargic. "Mmmhhh... wheeerrrre?"

"Come with me, baby, I got you..." and Dana led Gerald to one of the two rooms that the ladies had hastily put together for the night.

Gerald changed mechanically into his briefs and slumped down on the floor-level matress just like timber. Dana looked on tenderly and joined him under the sheets - it would be a cold night with the windows partially open.

She was nervous about their first night together, even though it would clearly be a platonic affair. Insofar as emotional intimacy was concerned, they had never been further than kisses during sex; never cuddled; never hogged the blankets; never soothed sore muscles; never cared for one another.

(No, don't think that... HE always cared.)

She spooned behind him and hugged him snuggly; that brought some life back in Gerald. "Mmmm... you feel nice."

"Thank you, Gerry... now go on resting... tomorrow's Christmas Eve and it will be another long day." She was whispering in his ear.

"Did you have a nice evening with my sister?"

"Yes, we talked, cleaned up and set up some minimum comfort in the rooms."

"Did you give her a good time, mmmmh?" She punched him on the shoulder. "Ooow!"

"Smartass!"

"Ok, ok, seriously... what did you talk about?"

"She kept repeating just how happy she was you were here... you really did good by her, Gerry..."

"mmm... that's good..."

"We also talked about us; oh and we also talked about sex!"

"Mphh... why is it that girls always talk about sex?"

"And guys don't?"

"Nope... even the most libertine and lecherous macho douchebag will brag about his past conquests, rave about who he is luring in and, especially, crow about his current trophy... but, honestly, guys never really speak about the deed. Just how graphic were you?"

"Don't worry... just enough... both our virtues are quite safe."

"Thank youuu..."

"She also said she was reassured that such a loving couple - that's us - met online; she's about to try dating again and is nervous about it, you know?"

"Too much information Danaaa... she's my sisterrr!"

"Sorry, Gerry, hi hi!"

"No, Dana... actually, I'm the one who's sorry. Careful... I'm going to turn around..." Dana let him turn around and they were now facing each other. Even though Gerald's eyes were half open, his gaze expressed pure happiness. "... Dana, I believe this is my first time ever at pillow talk and it's a very very nice experience. Thank you very much for this. I hope we get to do it again." Her heart skipped a beat.

"Say no more, baby, just rest..." she kissed him good night and looked expectantly as he drifted back into sleep. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Gerald knew that she cut short the conversation, probably for a reason; he was just too tired to bring himself to care.

---

Gerald woke up first and had plenty of time to get himself familiar with Sylvia's new kitchen; he prepared bacon and egg breakfasts for the ladies, assorted with fruit slices and coffees with Bailey's cream. The aroma woke them up and Gerald was quickly sandwiched between two very grateful kisses on the cheeks.

The rest of the December 24 morning was all household business, spent refurnishing the freshly painted rooms. The afternoon was more leisurely, with Sylvia preparing a turkey dinner and Gerald and Dana both putting finishing touches in the living room, and then decorating the Christmas tree. It was all done in an atmosphere of Christmas carols and eggnogs. By dinner time, Gerald had found some wood and managed to get the old fireplace going; gift packages and greeting cards had also surreptitiously appeared at the base of the tree.

This reconstituted, and very alternative, family ended up having quite a loving Norman Rockwell Christmas Eve. After returning from attending mass at Christ Church New Brighton, all three warmly wished themselves good night.

Gerald, who was about to prepare the bed, was redirected by Dana. "No wayyy, Gerry! We are NOT just cuddling for Christmas... to the shower we go, baby!" She had such a playful, mischievous expression that Gerald just stood there and sighed; he felt the urge to just grab her in a bear hug but he kept it in check. Once again the warrior, enraptured by his enchantress, followed her dutifully.

The guest shower, an obvious addition during the life of the house, was minuscule, so Dana went in first. When Gerald was done washing and drying himself, he returned to the bed and was transfixed. Dana was on the bed, in a tucked position, wearing absolutely nothing but a large red ribbon over her head; she was watching Gerald, stunned in place, with the nervous smile of one trying to please her lover.

"Merry Christmas, Gerald... open your present and be careful with the wrapping, please..." her voice was low, sultry and slightly musical; Dana was going for the full Marilyn Monroe effect. Gerald was still paralyzed.

"Myyy Goddd! Dana, you are so very beautiful... and I love you so much." For the first time, Gerald did not see her flinch, frown, or otherwise show disapproval of any kind. She really seemed to accept his declaration without reservation! That, even more than her amazingly erotic offering of herself, made him shiver from head to toe; his heart was thundering instead of beating.

"Weeellll?" She was still playful; and happy with herself, reveling in the success of her Christmas surprise.

"I'm coming..." His voice had never been so low, almost a rumble "... and I'll be careful." He slowly walked close to her, still enjoying the full sight of his gift package, and when he was next to her, he softly caressed the skin of her back under the pretext of figuring out how to untie the bow.

Her breaths were becoming shallower and Gerald saw goose bumps all over her velvety skin. Still, he took his time - he had all the time in the world tonight - and explored her while untying the bow. He scanned and memorized all the small birthmarks, the fading tan lines, each and every one of the magnificent minuscule imperfections that made her a woman instead of a mannequin. Poor Dana had a very hard time keeping her tucked position!

When Gerald was thankfully done with the bow, she opened her arms to him with the fluid grace of a Venus flytrap and, once she had ensnared him, they shared a kiss that had been two days in the making. Such were the loving vibes channeled between their lips and tongues that they both moaned in pleasure into it. Only the need to store the bow - he did promise to be careful with the wrapping - got Gerald to pause their embrace.

"Gerry, baby..."

"Yes, sweetie?"

"I know that I shouldn't ask... but... can I be your woman tonight? Can you love me as your woman, please?"

"Ohhhh baby! But you ARE a woman, and I'm the one who is yours!" He was so touched and aroused by her request that he scooped her up from the bed and brought her lips to his. And they resumed their scorching kiss, with her nestled in his strong arms and him slowly spinning, like a human carrousel. Dana was in heaven and her moans had a playful melody, but Gerald soon settled her back gently on the bed; as he was almost dizzy from his spinning, he was fumbling somewhat and they both laughed about it. The sweetness of their embrace was overwhelming.

As soon as Dana was on her back, Gerald crawled beside her and lovingly cupped her breasts. He was fixated as they swayed under his palms and was thriving on the feel of their skin, goose bumps and all, on his hands. He was in no rush to kiss her nipples and wanted the need to gnaw at her.

When her moans became a little quicker and a little higher, he kissed her nipples, one by one, and then he gently pressed her breasts together to nibble both nipples together.

"Ohhh Goddd, baby! That's so good! Ouuuu..."

Pleased with himself, he kept at it patiently, laughing inwardly when he felt some saliva drooling down to her adorable bellybutton. He let his tongue slowly spread it over her tummy, and then blew over her as he would a candle; as if she didn't already have enough goose bumps!

"wwaaahAAAH! Don't tease, baby! You felt so good..." and yet her hands stayed in his hair, gently ruffling it; her protest was in jest.

"I was just being careful, baby... you are just too sizzling hot to handle right now..."

"And you're so sweet, I'll have to check my teeth for cavities..."

"Pffff!!!" When Gerald returned his attention to her, his tongue went lower, toward her penis; it looked almost painfully hard.

"Baby... what are you doing?"

"I wanted to lick my woman's clit and pussy, if that's OK with you, of course..." her eyes were moist on the spot and he saw her lips waver.

"Oh yes, baby!!! You're so amazing to me! Thankyou thankyou thankYOU!!!" She immediately spread her legs open... they almost snapped.

Gerald had not touched her penis since their first date and he almost introduced himself to it, so slow was the first contact of his tongue on her glans. True to his word, he kept on licking the glans, then kissing it with his lips; he did not mind ignoring her shaft if that made her happy, and his oral ministrations obviously were. Her moans were now long laments and she was not very coherent.

"Darling, I LOVE your big clit, do you know that?"

"OuuhooOOH! Yea, baby! I feEELLL the looOOVVVE! AAAH!" And yet, he stopped.

"Nooo, baby, don't stop pleaaAAASSEAAAH!" He had just begun licking her sphincter. Just small round licks at first; but soon he found again the courage to send his tongue explore her love canal. She was starting to buckle.

"Ouu! OK OK OK! That's also good babBBYYY!!! Ouuh! Ouuh! Ouuh! AaaAAAHHH! Keep going! Keep going! Keepgoingkeepgoingkeepgoing! Lick my pussy, baby! Ohhh that's GOOD!" By now, she had grabbed his hair to push his mouth even deeper in her. She could also feel his nose squashed on her balls.

He had to stop, in order to start breathing properly, and soon went back to eating her clit, very slowly. She felt his lips on top her glans; she felt them spread apart while gliding lower; she felt the contact of his lips and the vibrations of his moans of pleasure being channeled to her pink dome; when it was completely engulfed in his mouth, she felt the gentle reversal of his glide. She was aroused out of her mind. That experience was in a category by itself.

It was about then that Gerald sneaked in a finger in her boy pussy.

"AAAAH! God that's amaziiINNNG, baby! AAAH! YESSS!"

"Then please enjoy it, honey... I want to make you cum while doing this..." and his lips returned to wrapping her glans; his finger had started a nice slow motion, rubbing her prostate.

"YeAAA baby! Make me cum! Yesyesyes! Oh I love this! Yes yes I love this! God I love YOUUUU!" He shivered but remained steadfast in his care. This was now officially his best Christmas ever.

He remained careful to respect her wishes and minutely avoided caressing either her shaft or her balls. Tonight, she had a clit; a large beautiful one. And he soon felt a throbbing pulse build in it.

She was flaying the bed and shaking all over. "Ohhh GOD! Baby I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Yes! Yes! YesyesyesyesYESSS!"

He kept his mouth engulfing her glans and began a subtle suction. He kept on rubbing her prostate with his finger while she filled his mouth with salvos of semen, which he dutifully swallowed as fast as she kept pouring it in. Her body calmed down but her breathing was still racing. Which made Gerald's calm demeanor even more disconcerting.

"You know, baby, I'm not an expert and I'm certainly biased BUT... I think you taste pretty good. Here, you try it..." and he kissed her, with his mouth wide open to make sure she could sample the aroma and taste the last seeping of her semen. He heard her moan and both her hands tap quickly on the bed: she was begging him to stop. He had mercy... it was Christmas, after all...

She finally managed to regain some bearing and control over her breathing. She kept caressing his hair and the back of his head, waiting to be able to speak to him. "Baby... now you listen and you listen good! I AM an expert and I try to remain unbiased... but that... THAT... was THE most amazing sex act ever done to me! I have never felt so good... and so loved."

"That's because I do, you know..."

"Yes I know... and we're going to talk about that... but not now. Let me cover your cock and please put it in my pussy, please finish loving your woman."

"You know... I might not last lon..."

"I wouldn't care if you blew up while going in! Baby I want you in me NOW!" She was putting the condom while arguing this. As soon as she was done she pulled her legs hard and wide apart. "Come on, baby, NOW!"

Gerald took a deep breath and aligned the tip of the condom with the gateway to her widened anus. Under moans of enticement from his beloved, he pushed himself in. Slowly. Her stance and the lubricated condom helped but this was still a very tight fit. She winced and moaned and even cried. He concentrated as hard as he could about not cumming right away inside that high-pressure furnace.

"Dana... baby... are you OK? I'm all in... I'm really all in..."

"I feel you baby! And you feel GOOOD! Come on, lover... give me something else to brag about to Sylvia!!!" He almost lost it right then and there.

"You're just so amazing..." and he started a slow, actually a languid, motion. They both had moist eyes and Gerald could not resist her gaze; as soon as he felt comfortable inside her, he lowered himself to kiss her, to rub himself on her breasts and also to caress her temples and her hair. He was penetrating her slowly and tried to literally merge with her, to excite her wherever they touched. They both moaned in bliss inside their kiss.

When Dana heard his moans quicken and felt his throbbing on her prostate, she grabbed his head with her hands to lock him in their kiss. She also used her legs to clasp his buttocks and push him deeper inside her. She then felt both the vibrations of his muffled yell and the pulses of his penis filling the condom inside her. It was magical.

Gerald slumped down on the bed beside her and they both just lay there, regaining their senses. Gerald was the first to rise, in order to dispose of the condom. Dana saw nothing but love in his eyes when he returned to her.

"Merry Christmas, sweethear..."

"Not quite yet, Gerry baby... you haven't finished giving me my present yet."

"Oh really, now?"

"Yes... I am about to revive that eight inches battering ram of yours and when I'm done, I will get on all fours and you, Sir, are going to drill that thing so deep in me that you might as well be looking for oil... and then you will fuck me senseless, please..." that request took his breath away.

But Dana had a plan to execute and it did not include waiting for his reply. She rubbed lube on her hand and started fondling his balls, which were still shaven as close as on their first date. She soon progressed to palming his shaft and, finally, to caress his bulbous glans. Her lips were wetting his nipples and her hand was all over his stiffening shaft. She then upped the ante, biting his nipples and properly jerking his stiff rod, from balls to glans. She had no intention to linger at this and never lost sight of her objective. As soon as she felt him hard and ready, she lubed her sphincter and covered his penis once again.

"Ride me, baby... make me your cock-sleeve!" She was on all fours, near the end of the bed, so Gerald stayed upright behind her, with his now granite-hard penis perfectly aligned with her asshole. She had planned for him to be comfortable and it was a resounding success, marked by the jolt of bliss caused by his renewed entry in her insides.

"Come on baby, get it all in there..." she kept spurring him on but Gerald could hear her discomfort and he found it in him not to blindly do her bidding. As soon as he felt his balls pressed on her buttocks she reiterated "... now FUCK me, baby... come on!"

He pulled almost to the tip and pushed a sustained stroke, to her yelling approval. "Yeaaa! That's IT! Harder now!!!" For his next stroke, he slammed his cock with full force... a solid thrust.

"YEAAAA!!! That's my GeryyYYY! FUCK MEEEE!!!" With a bursting heart and a burgeoning pride in his own prowess, Gerald proceeded to give her the long ride she wished for. He certainly had the stamina to sustain the exertion and his already milked rod was ready, willing and able. He shafted her with abandon and yet, he still cared and kept on caressing her spine, her back and her tight ass cheeks... just in case extra stimulation was called for.

Poor Dana was screaming non-stop her ecstasy - there was no way Sylvia could remain oblivious to this Christmas jingle in her house. That thought made Gerald chuckle and he changed tactics: he grabbed the front of her hips for full leverage and traded cadence for brute force, slamming his prick inside her with every ounce of strength he had. Dana was being pushed forward and her constant howl quivered at each and every one of his poundings.

When she was pushed too far forward for him to penetrate her fully, he stopped and pulled her back, hearing nothing but her syncopated breathing. From the very moment he resumed being a piston in her cylinder, she was shouting almost in despair. And she came.

"AAaaoooOOOH MYYY GGODDD!!!"

And she came again.

"AAAAHHH! A-GAINNNNN!!!"

And again. This time a full prostate orgasm, even though Gerald remained unaware of his feat.

"Na, na, no, no no NO NONONONOOOOOH GGGODDD!!! AAAGAINNN!!! Aaaaahhh..."

In truth, the heat of her love canal was getting to him... Gerald would probably still feel that fuck-fest in the morning! But he had a request to fulfill, and he soon felt the signs of his own upcoming climax, which if anything made him resume shafting her, with even more speed and fury.

"Gon-na cum againnnn, babyyy! Arrrgh! ArghaaAAA!"

"Yeaaaa baby, that's great, come on! Take it out! Wet my ass with your fire hose! Do it!" Startled, but still possessed, Gerald did as instructed: he pulled out, yanked away the condom like he had done this all his life and jerked himself to orgasm right on top of her tushy. Gone was the velocity of his first eruption, but there were still steady pulses pouring on: when he was done milking himself, he had a generous puddle of semen to spray on her and he did so until his jam was so thin it would not be sticky or unpleasant for Dana. When he was done playing with her, the adrenaline left him and he collapsed unceremoniously on the bed. He lost track of a couple of seconds.

Gentle caresses of velvety soft hands on his back brought him back to reality. "Gerryyyy... are you alright, baby?"

"Doesn't matter, really... either I'm being caressed by my elven queen on Christmas Eve, or I'm dead and in Heaven with an angel... and both suit me just fiiiiiiine..."

She playfully slapped his tushy "you big dope!"

"Oooow!" He sounded like a cat's meow.

"Be serious... I'm very very emotional right now! Gerry, whatever happens for the rest of my days, to me this will be a Christmas for the ages... I will never be able to thank you enough, baby."

"You just did, honey bunny. Besides, these gifts were just foreplay. The real ones are still under the tree!" No, he would not be serious. She was falling for a kid at heart.

"Oh! All right, you big baby! Come here and hug me... the sooner you sleep, the sooner you get to open your presents!"

"Yehee!" He kissed her and Dana turned her back to him so they could spoon under the sheets. "Good night, sweetie!"

"Good night, baby..." but Gerald still had wandering hands on her body. When he transgressed to her breasts, she wiggled her butt on his still very sensitive penis.

"Ouch!"

"Behave!"

"OK, OK..." he whispered. After renewed wishes of sweet dreams, Gerald settled down and Morpheus claimed both of them within minutes.

---

On a cold and sunny Christmas Day, It was Sylvia's turn to greet her guests with a hot brunch of turkey and eggs.

"There you go, you two... I figured that, this way, you might be maybe able to skip a pit stop on the way home."

"Thank you very much, sis! This is a feast!" Gerald was also relieved she skipped any sly allusion to their wild and noisy night, and dug right in.

"It sure is, Sylvia! Thanks a million!" Paula also dug in. Both were quiet and dedicated to their food, listening to some more Christmas carols.

"It sure is nice to have people in the house... and you've helped so much! I'm eternally grateful but... must you leave so soon? Chloe called this morning: she'll be here for dinner!"

"Yeaa, sorry sis... and I'm sorry I'll miss Chloe. I want to drive with as much daylight as possible; I always worry about a lake effect snow squall falling on our heads; and I've been reminded that my car is no winter rally material."

"Huuuuh... you're really dad's son. Alright pee-wee, I get it. Well, then, I suppose we ought to open those presents before you're on your way..."

"Yehee!!!" This time, to play pee-wee, Gerald had raised his glee by two octaves. An unsuspected Paula guffawed and almost choked on her mimosa.

Paula was first in the living room, followed by Gerald, who emptied his plate with all due haste. They insisted the hostess open first.

Sylvia got a gorgeous friendship bracelet from Paula, with several lockets already attached, and a family picture of the Anderson children, mounted on an elaborate wooden frame and signed by Gerald.

Gerald got an entire toy line of the Thunderbirds. There were Thunderbird 1, Thunderbird 3 and Thunderbird 2 with pod number 4, with Thunderbird 4 to go inside it. Sylvia explained that, when she heard that toys were issued to mark the 50th anniversary of the show, she just knew pee-wee had to have them "... better late than never..." and she added that she just wished dad could be here to play with him. He actually sobbed while hugging her. From Paula, he got a very small package that left him puzzled. It was a receipt for a sizeable donation for the new boat house of his rowing club. Gerald was effusive like a five year-old and was hugging the ladies, both separately and in a group hug.

"Your turn, Paula..." ushered Sylvia. Indeed, there were two packages left. She blushed and opened, more excitedly than she tried to let on. The first small box had a cherry-red iPod Nano in it. Upon seeing her questioning look, Sylvia explained "a little bird told me there was a playlist you wanted to share. I hope you like it!" Gerald could not help but notice there was affection and true friendship in their embrace; it warmed his heart even more.

The second box's shape was a dead giveaway: the long rectangle of a jewelry box, plus the clumsy packaging attempt by Gerald. There was also a greeting card - in fact the envelope was almost larger than the box - so she read it first. And read it again. And again, again and again... she seemed completely enraptured by what she was reading, and when she raised her head to look up to Gerald, her eyes were quite wet.

"What is it?" That question from Sylvia snapped her back to reality and she tore through the packaging in a mere instant, only to take extreme care while opening the box.

There were pearls. A whole set: two earrings, with the large pearls nestled in a gold netting, and a short necklace. The cultured pearls were of various shapes, but all iridescent, and were reflecting the Christmas tree lights in a particularly colorful way. Paula was speed-talking and fidgeting, not knowing whether to try on her gift or hug Gerald first.

While Sylvia was hearing excited promises about never taking them off, she discreetly read the greeting card. In truth, she was perplexed that someone so young could be so enthralled by such a "mature" gift. It was a good thing they were busy with the necklace, else they would have heard her loud gasp of astonishment.

"My darling Paula,"

"A foreign body and years of a defense mechanism have formed these pearls of timeless beauty and uniqueness. That reminds me of you. I hope you will be happy wearing them and I would be happy just being your oyster, so I could shelter you forever."

"Merry Christmas. I love you. Gerry"

By the time Sylvia put the card down, Paula was running to a mirror to look at herself, then running back to Sylvia to demand compliments. Everybody had wet eyes and hugging in an unending display of affection and happiness.

The orange juice was later set aside and the ladies toasted Christmas with champagne while Gerald loaded his car. Their goodbyes were merry and interlaced with promises of frequent visits and renewed family ties. It was a very happy and relaxed Gerald that was driving on the Goethals Bridge, leaving Staten Island, that Christmas late morning.

"Gerryyy?"

"Yes..."

"I have so many things to thank you for already, but could I ask you to take the I-95 to Newark, please? It'll be just a quick stop, I promise... and I'll navigate you."

"Of course, baby, take me to your destination."

"Thank you." She caressed his shoulder, but remained pensive.

A half-hour later, they were in front of a small house in Carmen Crescent. Paula nervously left the car to drop a greeting card in the mailbox. She came back inside, looking relieved of a huge burden, smiled and asked Gerald to drive them home.

"This is where I grew up, Gerry. And where my parents still live."

"Why didn't you knock, then? You're sure nobody's home?"

"Positive. Dad has slaved all his life in various waste-to-energy plants - he always got angry when I used the word incinerator - and lives for his yearly Christmas drive down South with mom. And Cathryn stayed on campus. But it feels nice to be able to do this, and do it with you near me. I know I'm still on Dana's clock, but I'm so thankful, on top of everything, that you just let me be Paula today."

"Don't even mention it. So, are you back on speaking terms with your parents?"

"Huh... you know?"

"You mentioned it in passing when I visited you in the Hospital."

"Oh, sorry I forgot... but no... I think I fell from too high a pedestal to mend that wound."

"I'm truly sorry... it would have been really wonderful to have a clean sweep this Christmas..."

"Hey, don't knock the last few days! They have been almost a miracle and I'm so happy for you."

"You got that right... and thank you."

"Believe me, the pleasure was almost all mine. Say, Gerry, can I listen to my playlist some more? I want to gather my thoughts before I tackle a touchy subject with you later."

"Euh... sure." He remained unsettled as she started his iPod. As luck would have it, Second Chance by Shinedown was next to play.

She kissed him on the cheek before he negotiated a complex interchange. "Have I told you how much I love my playlist recently?"

---

They stopped for an early supper at Elmira. And Gerald was beside himself. "So, are you ready to talk?"

"As much as I'll ever be, I guess, but I'm scared a little... can I do this while we're back on the road?"

"Sure... so, change of subject: was there ever a conclusion to the inquiry into your beating?"

"Actually, there was, and I owed the police a big apology. They tried very hard and almost pulled it off. They had collected foreign blood samples on my clothing and managed to get some testimonial evidence. But the blood sample yielded no DNA hits, there was no camera evidence and I could not remember any face for a sketch or a lineup ID. Even if they had a couple of tangible suspects, no court orders were forthcoming for DNA samples and the DA confirmed me, a couple of weeks ago, that they had to close the prosecution case. Unless some memory flashes back before legal prescription, the fucking predator is going to get away with it."

"I'm very sorry, Paula."

"I'm not... not anymore, anyway. I've moved forward with my life and I realize now that a trial would be HUGE dive back into that deep sea of shit." As was getting to be their tradition, they devoted themselves to their food afterwards.

As promised, she began when they were back on the road. It was now getting dark but the skies remained thankfully clement. "Gerry, I've accepted the fact that you love me, despite my every warning against it, and I want you to know that your feelings are not unrequited, as you once said. You have been the anchor of my very messy life for more than a year now... even when we were apart..." she took a long pause, then a deep breath. "I love you too, Gerry..." she then remained unable to speak.

"BUT..."

"Yes, Gerry, there is a but. I cannot retire yet as Dana. And when I'm ready to be yours, I don't want to share. For whatever it's worth, do know I've already slowed down considerably, owing to my senior's schedule and also to the fact that, since I met you, my heart is really not much into it, especially since the Niagara trip."

"You don't think I could support you?"

No, Gerry... I am absolutely convinced you would have offered already if you could have... or at the very least you would have become one of Dana's regulars or tried to be a sugar daddy of some sorts." She had him there... she was right on the money, in every sense.

"Plus, there is this other thing... and I need your advice."

"All right..."

"I'm consulting about reassignment surgery." She spilled it all in a single breath.

"Why would you want my advice about that?" Gerald was doing his best to mask the fact he was devastated.

"HUHHH?" She wasn't.

"You obviously know more than I do about the inns, the outs, the risks and the grizzly details of what is it exactly that you are considering... so your request is not about a factual or ethical opinion from me. If not, then we are talking about WHO you are and how you feel while living in your own body. How can I have something to bear on a subject so visceral and intimately personal? I would never dare ask you to stay in transition forever - the very language of it is nonsensical! If, for some weird reason, you are worried about the effect the procedure would have on us as a future couple, then I can reassure right now: that procedure changes your genitals, not who you are. And it is you that I love. And will always love, by the way."

"But... but... suppose it is not as visceral as you think... I really appreciate that you try to reassure me emotionally but... let's say there is a place to discuss this rationally... I really need your advice."

"I'm too biased for what you ask."

"Don't!!!" She snapped, and looked about to cry... so much for the Christmas effect...

"Don't what?"

"Don't play the ethical card... I think it suits you to hide behind ethical conundrums because, since they can't be solved, you don't have to try to. I KNOW you're biased, Gerry, because of what you taught me so well and because we love each other. But you are also a caring and wise man whose opinion I greatly value. So yes, please and pretty please with sugar on it, I want to know, Gerry, if you wanted your penis to become a vagina - that might be sensitive or not, that you would have to dilate forever and what not - would you DO IT?!"

"You really want to know?"

"YES!!! I beg you!"

Gerald relented. "All right... first, the procedure does not give ovaries, I think... so there is no gain on the childbearing aspect of it." She looked ready to physically pry his brain open, so he asked for patience with his free hand. He hated having to watch the road and not her.

"Second... well, the aesthetics will probably be imperfect, so as regards the beating you once experienced, it would have probably still happened... or maybe you would have been raped first, beaten afterwards... no real gain there. I don't think that public prejudice, when it manifests itself, differentiates between fully transitioned trans people or not. To some, you will always be a freak... and so will I for loving you." Such frankness stunned her silent. She waited for more.

"Third... the sex life. Sex, when it is not about copulation, is about bonding or, at the very least, about pleasure... and for my part, I already consider sex with you mind-blowing, amazing, even uplifting... Dana, either as your bitch, your bottom or your loving man, as we just played out yesterday, I would be forever happy and sated. Of course, that last argument has merit only if I suffice for you as a sexual partner..." Gerald choked on that comment.

"So... if it was me and I was lucky enough to have an angel like you declaring your love for me, then I see no rational reason to do it. No expected result would be worth the consequences, unless I fall back to the visceral."

There was a short silence. Then Gerald felt two arms hug him under his armpits and a set of lips rest on his cheek for the longest time. He could feel her face was wet with tears.

"I'm sorry, Paula..."

"Don't be... I can see how difficult it has been for you to tell me this... and I regret that I sort of bullied you into it... but Gerry, I really needed to hear it. Thank you so very, very much; now I think I can sleep on this. Do I have time?"

"Sure... we have a bit more than two hours to go before Buffalo."

"All right... I'll start my playlist from the beginning... I like hearing my songs in my dreams." She let go of him and settled herself in her seat.

"Just promise me one thing..." while Paula had just sounded relieved, Gerald obviously wasn't.

"Anything, Gerry..."

"You'll let me be near you if you decide to go through with it."

"Of course, Gerry... there is no way I'm doing this without you. But this is premature, baby... you'll see me graduate first."

"Fair enough..." he let his remaining thoughts go unspoken to let her sleep.

5. The Graduate

"Paula Marie Winters, BFA communication design, magna cum laude..."

Paula walked with the fake serenity the pomp of the circumstance dictated but her heart jumpstarted in high gear because she recognized two very important voices in the crowd's cheers. Cathryn and Gerald were there. Soon after she picked up her diploma and thanked everybody on the podium, she sneaked a look back in the crowd and recognized her sister's waving arms. She would have to wait for Gerald, though.

When it was all over, after the throwing of the caps and everything, a very nervous Gerald navigated within the mingled crowd, to find both sisters hugging and speed-talking gibberish. He had not seen Paula since Christmas; he could wait a little while longer and let them have their family moment. Cathryn actually noticed him first. Paula motioned her to wait a second then, oblivious to teacher ethics, she jumped, robe and all, in his arms. If kiss-and-jumping had been a judged sport, that leap, with her lips landing square on his, would been worth at least a 9.8 at the World championship level.

She had missed him as well and she tasted him a little longer before asking to be let down, fearing their luck at remaining unnoticed might run out. "Thanks for coming, baby love... it means the world to me that you're here!"

"You're very welcome, Paula. Truth be told, only a complete psychopath could have stood you up after reading the very moving invitation you wrote."

"That one was just for you, sweetie... and I keep the copyrights."

"Spoken like a true communication professional. Congratulations for everything you have accomplished. I am very proud of you."

"Thank youuuu!!! And so am I!"

"So what happens now?"

"Well, I have a week's vacation from work - you were right, by the way, I am now an employee - and this week-end is my time with Cathryn. We talk about the rest Monday morning, at your office. Your secretary did confirm the meeting?"

"She did... but what's this about?"

"It happens that I need your professional services, my good man. For once, you will be the one receiving a professional fee..." she hushed him with a kiss before he could reply. "We will also have time for ourselves Monday afternoon... I know you're free, I've had your secretary guard that time slot for me." Gerald was baffled.

"All right now... don't be greedy! Time I got back to sis... I promise I'll behave and I will see you Monday, OK? Bye now!"

She was, literally, a tornado. Thus she came to him, thus she left him there, stranded. To pass the time and change his mind, Gerald mingled with some of the faculty members he was familiar with. Both sisters had vanished.

---

By Monday morning, alone in his office, Gerald was a wreck. For one thing, she did call him "baby love" and said they would talk about "the rest" but, on the other hand, there is also a chance that today might be their final goodbye. And what about that procedure she was thinking about? Could that be the reason for the meeting? Her will? And, to top it all off, she's late! He checked his appearance again - for the occasion he wore the Italian silk jacket she had not seen yet - and then resumed pacing.

Thankfully, he did not have to wait much longer. The door buzzer rang and he let her in.

He walked through his office door to greet her but, seeing her, he stopped.

(Oh! My Good Lord!)

She was wearing a classical look tailored to match her pearls. She wore an off-white silk blouse with shoulders pads that accentuated the plunging neckline and her thin straight-cut mat-black pants. In addition to her pearls, she wore stiletto heels and a large belt with a silver decorative buckle. She had let her hair grow, but not much, and now sported an asymmetric cut and had them coiffed with a few shining silver highlights. Her makeup was a masterful blend of marine and silver hues. She wore no glasses this morning and carried an assorted black leather document holder. She displayed formidable poise and her choice of dress highlighted her tall, thin figure to devastating effect. Gerald was tempted to let her walk runway-style right up to his office and sit her behind his desk.

"Good morning, Ms. Winters. I had been expecting you." He motioned her in.

"Good morning to you too, Mr. Anderson, and thank you for receiving me on such short notice. Marjorie is not with you?" She walked with a sway that, as she expected, was hypnotizing him.

"Euh... no, Marjorie only works for me two mornings per week, keeping my books and managing both my agenda and court schedule. I am not that busy and she still gets to enjoy part-time retirement."

"How very considerate of you..." by that time, she was close enough for him to see cracks in her demeanor... and all of a sudden, she gave up, burst out in laughter and hugged her lawyer.

"Mmmmm! How I missed you Gerry, you have no idea! I even toyed with the notion of throwing out my sister yesterday! Please don't let me forget, in the future, that I have a 36 hours endurance span with her..."

"Noted." He was, in reality, busy absorbing her lavender-and-bubble-gum aroma. "Aaah Geez.. proprieties be damned! Paula, you look so amazingly beautiful that I'll turn blind if I keep on staring at you. And, also... huh... is it me or has your face changed a little?"

"Thank youuu! It's just for you!" She did a full pirouette and her voice was musical. "And I'm VERY happy you noticed, Gerry. I've had laser corrections performed on my eyes and also my very last touches of facial feminization done!"

"Well, the results are stunning. I sure hope you're happy with them."

She kissed him on both cheeks. "Now, I am..."

"You know, Paula... I have been waiting, and a little dreading, this day for months now. So... since I am all yours for today, please sit down and explain to me what can I do for you."

She sat down and glanced over his meticulously clean and organized desk. Everything reeked of professionalism, except a small area beside his computer, which made her heart melt. It had a vanilla-lavender perfume bottle with balsa wood pegs diffusers, a bubble-gum flavor gum dispenser, Thunderbirds 1 through 4 arranged in a flight-line and a small framed picture of Dana Deep - tastefully cropped of course - beside their Christmas Day selfies. For the rest, he seemed to have maybe three currently active court cases.

"Is business doing well, Gerry?"

"Just a little busier and I would be perfectly happy. I have a nice client volume, my word-of-mouth seems to be outstanding and I do have the time to give my all to everyone, simple or complicated. Of course, contesting wills can take its toll on the soul once in a while, but clients are the consequence of choosing private practice. How about you?"

"I never thought I would say this, but I am happy and content working full-time and for peanuts. That's because my work is almost revered at that firm and, just on a loyalty basis, I intend to remain there for quite a while before seeking other pursuits... which brings me to talk about this morning's business. I have a contract I would like you to review."

"A contract? Are you sure you..."

"Oh yes... trust me, it's right up your alley... in fact you have unwittingly suggested it when you were my teacher." She forwarded the proposed legal document.

"All right, then, let me take a look."

"Don't you want to settle your fee first, Mr. Anderson?"

"Ms. Winters is a friend of this practice. This legal advice will be pro-bono. Will you need a receipt?" She was still fighting to keep a straight face.

"Later... you may proceed."

He perused over the document, as was his custom before choosing how he would later dissect it.

Its title was a private pre-sex agreement between two parties: Paula Marie Winters, born Paul Joseph Winters, and... Gerald Ronald Anderson. He looked up to her but she refused to elaborate. "Do proceed to then end, please..."

Now he had a hard time keeping focus, as his heart was racing. He became warm and uncomfortable, so he removed his jacket and loosened his favorite blue silk tie.

There was a preamble stating intent to share a bed and... a life (!)

There was a testimonial intent clause, stating a complete 50% sharing of all goods and intellectual properties dating back to the day following their first date.

There was a fidelity clause. This time he paused. "What about Dana?"

She had a contended smile that betrayed just how much she wanted to tell him this. "Dana has been retired and offline for just about a month now. Even the fiscal formalities have already been completed."

There was a physical and moral identity clause that seemed a little weird to him. "What about that clause?"

"The signatories agree to address themselves as, and only as, Paula and Gerry. Likewise, no further modification of identity or anatomy is to be allowed without specific mutual consent."

"Huh... well, I believe your stipulations would work to that end. But what about your reassignement procedure?"

"What procedure?"

"Be serious for a second, please... this is a big deal."

"Indeed... and it just so happens that a caring and wise man, whose opinion I greatly value, taught me, in his own thoughtful tact, that if it ain't broke, you don't fix it." She stopped him again before he carried on "... just keep on going, please."

There was a dispute settlement clause that gave her final say with no possibility of appeal and a responsibility clause that stipulated that all unforseen events and mishaps were his fault. Those made him laugh.

There was an automatic renewal clause and various administrative clauses that were very standard. She had obviously been doing Internet or library homework.

"All right... I will read with a more critical mind but I can say that this looks very proper and well done. In fact, it reads almost like a humorous version of a common-law marriage contract..."

She had stopped listening to him and she signed. He stopped talking... and breathing.

She handed him the pen. "Would you sign it, please?" Gerald felt a jolt: a velvety-soft foot was now enticingly rubbing along his leg. He looked up: despite the fact that her eyes were moist, her gaze was burning with lust and piercing straight through his soul. "I am polite but, in fact, I am not asking your permission... and judging by your reaction, I don't need to."

Her foot was now massaging the bulge in his pants. Once more, Gerald was under the spell of his enchantress and he signed without a word. This was surreal.

"Verrry Goood! Thank you Gerry. Now, owing to our testimonial clause, you are half-owner of this and I would like you to put it on my finger." She placed a box in his trembling hands and she opened it, so nervous he looked.

There was an engagement ring, custom-made to her specifications: a white gold and platinum ring with small encrusted Yukon diamonds, but the central gem was a small, perfectly round, wild pearl of subtle nacreous hues that brought out perfectly the brightness of the ring. Gerald felt like pinching himself... and Paula was mockingly exasperated, with her extended finger.

byFred190666©

"Paula... what..."

"Just put the ring on my finger, Gerry darling, please! You're just marrying me, that's all. No biggie. I'll explain the rest right after; and we are on a schedule..."

She was crazy, plain crazy... and he was crazier. He gently placed the ring down her finger. It was, of course, a perfect fit. Although she was obviously pleased with her little scenario, she choked up while watching her ringed hand. Gerald wasted no time and kissed her. A crazy kiss full of tongue dueling and teeth clashing, as both were nervously hectic. They were moaning and they were laughing and finally, Paula had to stop so much she was giggling.

"You, Sir, are a fast learner... once everything is thoroughly explained to you, at length."

"Well, you did mention a schedule..."

"I did, didn't I? But it's not that tight a schedule. We are meeting an official at 3h00 PM for the marriage license... after that, I will have a couple of days to decide in front of which celebrant I will drag your magnificent ass. But before then, I would like to make love with my man, have lunch and help you find all the paperwork and ID you need. Do you think that's unreasonable?"

"Paula, do you realize what you are putting me through? Please let this be real..."

"Of course it's real, baby! Do you think you can just stand by me through hell and high water, care for me against my advice, save me without being asked, prove me wrong as a teacher's pet, make me believe in love and Christmas again, make me aspire to become a better woman AND, last but not least, make me want to share all of precious little me with you... and just get away with it? I don't know what results you were expecting, Mister, but THIS is what you get!"

Saying this, Paula handed him over a receipt for six thousand dollars - Gerald instantly grasped this was the total amount of his three dates - and it was signed by a jeweler. "Now, since you are about to become my husband and I want no trouble for you with the Bar Association, let me refresh your memory and be clear about it: we both fell in love at first sight but, owing to the fact you were my teacher and I your student, you patiently invested by installments in my future wedding ring and waited for my graduation, understood?"

Gerald was still speechless... his eyes were moistening, though. "Now I don't know about you, Gerry, but once I figure out I want to live with someone - a single, special someone - I want to start doing it right NOW. I certainly don't want to wait until you turn THIRTY!!!"

Gerald now had scooped her up from her chair. "Gerry, baby, I have a life I can share now... a life I'm already very proud of... and nothing will make me prouder than to have you all to myself, and to be all yours. I love you."

"Oh, Paula, I love you so very much!" And he kissed her, nestled in his arms - it was getting to be a trademark for them. He was thanking his lucky stars that his office was sharing his residence, so in fact he was carrying her - still all dressed minus a shoe - to his bedroom. Both their lips were in loving merger for most of the trip.

"Wow! Baby! I always hoped I would be carried over the threshold, but to be carried TO the threshold? That's class!!!"

"Just make sure you mention this appreciation of our services on our website."

"Oh! You're about to be appreciated all right... you'll tell me later if you REALLY want the appraisal in our website!"

"Oh thank you, baby!"

"You're welcome, honey, but whatever for?"

"You said OUR website... I still can't believe it: we're really partners... you do realize I was barely daring to dream about that, an hour ago?"

"Well, this is our new, and very permanent, reality: this cozy bedroom we have entered is ours but you, my beautiful man, are all mine, mine, mine and only mine! And besides saying that, do you know what your partner really wants right now?"

"Tell me, baby, what do you want?"

"I want to feel your skin on mine, I want to discover YOU, I want us to make love, real love; I want to feel your flesh inside me, I want to experience your cum filling my asshole, I want to fawn all over your so beautiful ass cheeks and make myself believe that you keep rowing those jewels into shape just for my personal use and pleasure... oh and I want so many other things! I just can't stooop!"

He gently lowered her, sitting in front of him, and took her face in his hands. "That's why we just promised ourselves to be together for the rest of our lives. I can say that it will probably take that long for me to unravel and appreciate all your mysteries and marvels. So why don't you start by undressing me and discovering me? Let's do this one wish at a time..."

Both had goofy smiles and curious expressions that mixed trepidation, beatitude and contentment. "Great! I'm marrying a lawyer AND a mind reader!"

Gerald stayed still, like a paralyzed prey about to be devoured, while Paula slowly, deliberately, removed his clothing piece by piece. Every time a morsel of flesh was exposed, she caressed it, mapped it with her palms, wetted it with her lips, and measured its rigidity with her nails or even her teeth.

She was also rubbing herself all over him, like a cat spreading enzymes to mark her territory. To do this required her to disrobe as well and it was done with fluid, calculated movements, as if all this fleshy ritual was part of a planned erotic routine.

But then came the moment she was waiting for. Squatting naked behind him, she lowered his briefs and loudly gasped at the sight of his buttocks. They were firm and inviting, on top of his very sculpted and toned thighs. She tried grasping as much flesh as she could; she licked and copiously bit all that she could reach. Gerald was squirming but did his best to remain steadfast for her enjoyment.

"Baby... I have been waiting so long for this... Mmhh, you taste so GOOD!"

"Well then, when you're ready, my beautiful darling, I suggest that we proceed to the shower and that you seal the deal and finish claiming me as yours."

"You really want that, Gerry baby? You're not just saying that to please me?"

"What has been THE one constant between us since we first met? No bullshit. I want this. I want my woman to use her magnificent penis, whenever she feels like it, and make her man cum through his boy-pussy, as you once called it. I love you, baby. The only boundaries to the ways we connect as lovers are the ones we will set ourselves... and I wish for none."

"Wow! That was some closing statement, babe... I'm still shaking in place! Did you, like, rehearse this or something?"

He chuckled. "As a matter of fact, I did!"

"Well, I will retort, very spontaneously, that I feel like the luckiest and prettiest woman in the world. Now get in there..."

The shower was of course required for anal hygiene, but it was also a loving excuse for more caressing, groping and kissing. They just could not get enough of one another. They did have the discipline to keep their lovemaking for later, but barely.

Paula dried herself first and left Gerald to dry himself alone. He was puzzled but figured that, since she had such an elaborate scenario for this morning, maybe she had some more preparations in mind. When he returned to the doorway of his bedroom, he saw he had guessed correctly.

Paula was standing beside their bed and was swaying her amazing derriere to a lively musical beat. Gerald quickly scanned the room to see her iPod connected to his sound system. She was dancing to Gimme Some Lovin' and inviting him near her with both her index fingers. The sight of her was intoxicating: her smile was radiating mischief and she was wearing absolutely nothing but her pearls and her ring.

Gerald approached slowly, also partaking in the swing of the musical mood. As soon as he reached her, she grabbed him for a kiss while kneading his body with both her hands and a leg. After a moment, she deftly tripped him so both of them fell on the bed. Gerald was still seeking to regain his bearings when he felt her tongue invade his mouth and, soon after, he felt a finger slide effortlessly in his rectum, coating its inside with lubricant.

He moaned in approval, kept his eyes closed to let himself be overtaken by the feelings in her kiss, and palmed her penis to ensure its hardness. No worries there: her penis was extremely hard and even shivering.

Paula stopped her kiss and readied herself for their consecration. She was already breathing very quickly. "Gerryyyy?" When Gerald opened his eyes, he saw a flushed face and an ever-loving gaze. "Baby... I'm very nervous and I feel a little like a virgin: this will be my first time having unprotected sex. So please, please, promise you will love me and cherish me until the day I die..."

"I do."

"Oh baby, I love you sooo MUCH!" She had started penetrating him, slowly. They both felt the skin on skin contact and pressure of his rectum on her shaft for the first time. Paula was startled and her eyes were wide with wonder. "Oh Wowww! Such heat, baby! This is sssooo GOOOD!" And she slowly pulled out her penis, right to the tip, and slowly pushed back. She let herself feel the marvelous friction and the warmth of her penetration.

"Oh Yes! Oh yes! Oh baby! My cock is so happy in its permanent residence! Ohhh! I wish I could keep it in there forever! Here I go again..." and she did another stroke, very slowly. And she was ecstatic to see her lover enjoying it as well.

"Then don't ever stop, honey... that's how good you feel in me! Please kiss me..."

It had been some 18 months in the making, and they both felt how momentous was their moment. Paula had settled into a nice slow tempo, thrusting herself in him and building a harmonic wave of bliss on his prostate. She kissed him and moaned her happiness. Gerald responded to the kiss he asked for and used his free hands to worship her shapely back; he was so excited he had to remind himself not to crush her on him.

Despite her best efforts to control herself, she felt the onrush, the throbbing, signaling her impending climax; worried, she slowed almost to a full stop. "Baby? Are you coming soon? I don't know how long I can hold this... you just feel too good!"

"No, baby! Don't slow down! I felt it, I felt the wave, I'm close, baby! Real close! Come on, baby, harder!"

She pulled back at her lethargic pace, only to slam herself back in him. "OOOHHH! Yes! Like that! OOOH! WOOOW!" But that proved to be her undoing, and she came in him, almost without warning.

"AAAHHH! Cummmmiinnggg! Ah... noooo! no, no, no noooo..." Gerald still had his wits about him and quickly found the tube of lube Paula had left on the nightstand. Even as her cock was still erupting in him, he was applying lube on his own penis; of course, he was not really seeing what he was doing and hoped for the best.

As soon as he felt her penis starting to subside, he placed his hands strongly on each side of her bellybutton to lift her and guide her to impale herself on him. She was still panting and gasped, but the imperfect combination of lube and precum proved enough for his granite-hard pillar to spear her without undue pain. For Paula, it was a climax overlapping a climax and she yelled without relent. For Gerald, the skin of her love canal hugging snuggly his sex proved to be the most welcoming warmth he had ever felt, and it gave him the missing impulse to his own orgasm. This time, there was no dialogue, only primal joy.

Paula felt very real squirts inside her. And Gerald just kept on cumming. His penis was still spurting and she was already feeling the moistness of his cum oozing out of her, and that was on top of the jolts of pleasure radiating from his ongoing caresses, now on her breasts. She was almost panicking as she was incapable of regaining control over her erratic breathing and abruptly rose, to at least place her breasts beyond his reach.

They stayed like that for some minutes. Her impaled on his slowly softening penis; him lying down and slowly caressing her belly and thighs; both breathing hard and watching over each other with utter love and happiness.

Gerald surprised her next by tapping on the pillow beside him, with an inviting smirk. She lay beside him and he turned to face her. "Paula, I cannot thank you enough for letting me be yours... and this whole setup was out of this world, really... you nearly killed me!"

"Gerry, I love you. Pure and simple. I will thank you forever for your perseverance and your faith in us... also for your acceptance of me. I think that when we met, you already loved me more than I loved myself..."

"But?"

"No, no... there's no but this time, baby... well... maybe a puny one, just a gripe really, and it's about me not you, of course..."

Gerald was caressing her cheek and playing in her hair. "Out with it, my lovely future wife: what is it?"

"I wish I could have been better for you back then..."

"Better... you mean our performance in bed?"

"Yeah... a little... I mean, not to brag about sordid details but, euh, well..."

"You use to fuck your johns forever?" She was startled by his words and checked his gaze, which remained unchanged in its candid happiness. "Darling, we both came - powerfully I might add - and we did it without condoms, drugs, or whatever. We were both extremely excited by the occasion and you admitted being nervous. So what if we had a little performance anxiety? We have decades of sex in front us, honey... eventually we will have to work at it just not to become bored with one another, so I suggest we chalk that one up to experience... am I making sense?"

"I hear you, baby..."

"So... on a similar note, I was thinking, now that we're all relaxed, that maybe I could ask you a small favor?"

"Sure baby, anything..."

"Well, it's about my past porn experiences... don't laugh! But, euh, the shemale category was not the only that excited me a lot. So... euh... well, I've never been... euh... sucked deep befo..."

"Oooh, Baby! You want me to deepthroat your big beautiful cock?" He turned deep red as he silently confirmed.

"You are just too cute! You should give a lecture on ethical sex, you know that?" She kissed him, quickly and hungrily, before positioning herself in front of his penis. So excited was Gerald that it was hardening already.

By now, Paula's attention by focused on his shaft, which she placed in her hand, and she was whispering directly to his glans. "I'll make you feel real good, Gerry baby... you'll see..." she then kissed his glans several times, and then licked it, building a soft crescendo of warm fleshy contact.

Gerald was already digging his fingers in the sheets and was almost purring "hhhhmmmmrrraaggh... ouuuh baby, Oh that feels good! So so sooo good!"

"Mmmmm... I'm glad, baby... I love kissing your clit... it's so pretty... it's so BIIIG!" His glans was soon coated by her mouth and smothered in affection by her lips and her tongue. She kept at this back-and-forth mini-massage until Gerald was moaning and his penis was back at full hardness - which did not take long.

"Are you ready baby? I'm about to swallow your gorgeous cock, now..." she was playful, she was relaxed, she was in control; she felt great because she was sure they were about to share an intense and intimate experience of the best kind.

And Gerald looked up at her dangling penis over his head when he answered, with a feral voice full of arousal "Oh God yes, baby... I just can't wait! And I also want to suck your clit while you do it!"

"MMmmmhmmm" Paula was already forwarding her lips all along his gorged shaft and she lowered her pelvis a little to ease his access to her own glans. It was a nice surprise for her to hear him request a 69 and she felt her heart burst. Just like during Christmas Eve, Gerald lovingly smothered her glans with his lips and was promptly mimicking her own oral care.

"MmmmMM?" He could feel the tip of his sex press at the entrance of her throat. His signaled his assent by lovingly biting her clit.

"mmMMM!" And Gerald was blown away by the feelings. The one from her lips going lower along his shaft then he had ever felt before; the one from his shaft gliding over the top of her tongue. Finally he got a jolt from feeling her nose and her lips make contact with his balls. He was submerged by the direct sexual current from her mouth and it was amplified by the image he had of his entire big dick swallowed whole by his beloved.

"Mmmmm!" There was no mistaking her enjoyment. She just hung in there, to let both of them live the moment, and as soon as she got a hold on her breathing, she started a nice, slow, effortless, fellatio. He was mesmerized by her ability: she was obviously very comfortable, and neither drooling nor gagging. It was glorious, it was erotic, but was also, surprisingly, very tender.

(God! She is A-MA-ZING! Do more for her! Come on!)

Gerald used his free hands to grasp and caress her tushy and he tentatively tried probing her anus with a finger. When he realized it was still lubricated somewhat from their earlier frolicking, he pushed in with more confidence. From that point on, both Gerald and Paula were dedicating themselves to make each other cum.

Gerald had some difficulty focusing on his clit-and-prostate massage, as he was overwhelmed by wave after wave of never before felt ecstasy. Paula was still in control and with enough discipline to keep her same loving cadence, and she could both feel and hear that his excitement was growing in a sustained crescendo. And, realizing they were truly loving themselves as one, she felt a huge gush of emotions overtake her.

The buildup got to a point that Gerald could not suck her anymore; he moaned and grunted and kept at probing her rectum, pausing on occasion. "Oh God! Babe! OhGodohgodohgodOH-GOD!!! Oh that's good! Sosososoooo good! Oh God! I'M gonna cum baby! Yes! yes! Oh God! AaarrghHAAAAHHH!"

He was done. She just rested her lips at the base of his trembling cock and waited for his eruption. She did not wait long. This time, it was almost a steady flow, not big spurts, but she kept on merrily gulping down his climax. He kept moaning loudly at each one of his breaths.

Paula was once more tripping over the power she has over her man and she lied beside him, waiting for him to regain some of his composure.

Gerald had no such intention. He turned over her so abruptly she felt she was being pounced on. By the time she realized what was happening, both of his hands were palming her cheeks and his tongue was in her mouth, replacing his penis, and looking for some cum to share. Never before had his lips been so gorged and moist. She loved this but, when she fully grasped his intention, she giggled away from his kiss.

"Sorryyyy baby... that offering was all for me!"

"It's quite alright, love... there will be others..." she was in awe of just how deep-red his face was flushed. His eyes were moist and his gaze full of wonder; he had obviously just lived and amazing moment. "My beautiful Paula, YOU are the greatest lover in the universe. I have never felt so loved. I am SO blessed; really I am, just to be yours..."

She gently hushed him with a finger on his lips. "Honey, if you keep inflating my ego like that, your bed will become too small for both of us! And I'm so happy I could please you this much... now, do you think we should be thinking about cleaning up and going to lunch?"

"Wellllll... I myself am still mostly hungry for you. I could certainly wait until after the appointment and then take you celebrating to an early and copious diner... I was thinking maybe the bar-cade, where our fairy tale all began."

Paula was licking her lips lecherously and caressing his chest while pondering his counteroffer. "Hmmm... that also sounds very appealing... but I am hungry... aaargh, what to dooo?"

"If you're really indecisive, we could flip for it." Gerald offered this advice in all earnestness.

"Flip for it?"

"Sure... serendipity has been good to us so far... and I'm already the luckiest man in the world... so, why not?"

Her gaze morphed instantly into a pool of lust and her smile curved wickedly. "Indeed, why not flip?" Gerald barely had the time to realize the meaning of their conversation was escaping him that Paula had strongly flipped him on his stomach. "I start!" Her voice was low and sultry.

Paula bit hungrily one of Gerald's buttocks, intent on creating a hickey, while mauling the other one with her hands.

"Yeeeoooow!" He wiggled his derriere hard enough to dislodge her teeth and, still surprised, was laughing to his heart's content.

"Houuu! Kisse booboo!" Indeed, she kissed her emerging bite-mark and quickly moved to kissing and licking his sphincter, while gently caressing and tickling his tushy. In no time, Gerald had calmed down and was moaning in arousal.

She stopped shortly to put some more lubricant in his rectum and her penis, which she jerked to hardness in the process. "Gerry, baby, I love your ass; I will NEVER get bored of it, do you hear me! I love it! And it is mine! All! Mine!"

"Oh yes, baby! I've been dreaming so many times of hearing you say that! Get in there, honey! It IS all yours!"

Paula pushed gently her stiff pole inside his love canal and, as soon as she was comfortable, she placed her hands directly on his buttocks, both to spread open his sphincter and support herself, and she began fierce thrusts. She had good leverage and she plowed his prostate mercilessly.

This time, Gerald spurred her on constantly. "Yes! Yes, baby! Oh, you're fantastic! Oh! Oooh! OOOOh! God, you're good! I love youuu, I love thiIIIS!" And on and on it went until Gerald, overcome by the pulses of bliss assaulting his cock from the inside, could only grunt and yell. Paula was scared by how fast these were rising in volume and pitch and, when she stopped, he was muffling screams at the top of his lungs in his pillow.

She then languidly set herself on all fours beside him and turning her head towards his, whispered "your turn, baby..." Gerald became a wide-eyed figure of wonder.

But, as soon as he had his wits about him, he signaled other plans and motioned her to lie on her back. He was still panting but wanted to explain "Babe... I want... to love you... to kiss you... to look at you... just let me... please."

Nothing needed to be said: she spread her legs wide apart and mimed him her welcome. This time, he did not hesitate: he drove his tongue directly inside her rectum and coated it with saliva as deep as he could. His hands quickly found her breasts and he furiously caressed them, at times just with his palms and then with fingers pinching her nipples. The excitement he felt through his caresses made him rock-hard again in no time flat.

He did not even bother to align his penis: he simply moved up on her, rubbing himself on her chest. At the same time he was kissing her, his thick rod was stuffing her opening. And he just kept on pushing. By the time he was set in his motion, which was at a steady pace, Paula was being kissed on her lips, ears and neck; caressed all along her shoulders, arms and hands; penetrated in powerful, slow, loving strokes; ensnared between his strong legs. Just as he did on Christmas Eve, Gerald was rubbing, stroking and loving with every moving part of his body, from his nose to his feet.

He was so much into it that Paula was pinned under him... not that she minded it one bit, and she kept on breathing faster and faster, while whispering "I love you" into each breath. Gerald was moaning into his kisses and just kept on going... this time, he seemed intent to pour his soul into her for all time. And this lovemaking lasted an unfathomable amount of eternity. He stayed so hard and she stayed so stuffed, so full, so aroused. But still, he had to hold himself back, just on the brink.

He stopped his kiss and rose on top of her, to her panting dismay. "Oh no, baby! Don't stop! Don't stop pleaaAASE! You were so goood! And you AAAH!" She was stunned and in awe: Gerald was now slowly impaling himself on her hardness. At first, it was as if he had just switched genitals and he remained cautious not to press down too hard but, soon, he quickened his tempo and was skewering himself into ecstasy.

Paula then just watched adoringly her breasts being mauled, for the very first time, by him... and it did not hurt. She was so enamored by the fact he was losing control over her loving body. She was also captivated by the sight of his beloved ass rising, exposing her gorged penis, and then engulfing it in a swift drop. In addition to all these stimulations, she was also feeling his mammoth dick slamming on her chest: he became a drumbeater to her galley.

It was just too much. "Stop! Stop! Pleasebabystop! StopnoOOW! I don't wanna cum yet! Hou! Haaaa!"

Gerald did stop in time. He stood over her, panting, sweating, flushed, and watching with pure love and expectation. She did not give him time to ask. "Your turn... to lie... down, baby."

She was shaky at this point but determined to take this flip-love session to its peak. She impaled herself on him now, and they were both so lubricated by now that her descent was frictionless. She invited his hands to her breasts again. He worshipped them, this time, and helped her in her motion. Soon, she was not so much spearing herself, but rather swaying her hips around his steel-like pole.

Both were out of their minds with lust and grunting in unison. Finally, when Paula just couldn't move and Gerald heard "... can't... sorry... can't..." he just turned to his side all the while holding her steady in his arms.

"Then it's time we cum together, baby... come on, do it with me." Gerald had pulled out his cock and placed it in contact with hers. He was waiting for her hand so they could frot themselves to climax.

Paula was wonderstruck. "Ohhh yes! Baby I love you so very very very much! Oh... it's going to be GREAT!!! Together now, come on!" Both their hands were on their sexes and they lovingly stroked themselves in perfect harmony. As both had been on the brink for some time, it was all it took.

"Oh Baby! I'm cumming! Oh cum with me plea..." his lips hushed her into a smoldering kiss and Gerald moaned his incoming climax. They were kissing while their combined penis softly spilled, with a dash of pain, its final and symbiotic flow of semen.

The kiss went on, but it was by virtue of inertia more than anything else. Both were drained and their lips merely rested on each other for some time.

"Baby... is that... what YOU call... flipping for it?"

"Yes.. honey... and we... are going to... repeat this... oooh boy... now YOU have nearly... killed me. I think... I need a nap, baby love!"

Gerald hugged her decorously and kissed her forehead before replying, with a goofy smile, "... and there you have it: ... results... and consequences."

---

She dozed off for about an hour and was elated to wake-up smelling, touching and seeing her man. "Mmmmhhh... baby, did I ever tell how wonderful it is to sleep next to you... on the road or in bed?"

"I believe it is your first testimony to that effect, sweetheart... but I never tire of looking at your smile when you sleep beside me, so I pretty much knew already."

"You didn't snooze? What were you doing all this time, then?"

"Planning our week... we did just get engaged, after all..." that woke her up.

"Ohhh? And when was I to be made aware of our plans?" She was very obviously, and joyously, teasing...

"Right now, Paula darling... especially since one part of the plan calls into play our brand new contract..."

"Ha! Really?"

"Yes, really..."

"Well... come on now, what will we be doing?"

"For one thing, when we return from our New-York trip, I propose we shop for a tatoo artist. I was thinking of a couple's design... a pearl for you and the oyster for me, perhaps?"

"Unanimously agreed... THAT is a wonderful idea. And what about that trip?"

"I think that's pretty much a given, sweetie: we go announce our union to Sylvia and your parents... and dare I suggest a pre-honeymoon sidetrip to Niagara Falls, too?"

"Sure! But... huh... do you think our relatives will happily welcome the news?"

"I really don't see why not... but, in any case, darling, I am - and will always be - so proud, so happy to have you near me, I am NOT hiding; and to hell with the consequences!" That outburst made her gasp.

"Wow, baby... hmmm, huh... onlyyy... near... you?" She was walking her fingers on his chest and her sultry voice was back... Gerald looked at the clock and cursed ever so softly: they would barely make their appointment on time as it is.

"Paula baby, you can be near me, on top of me or under me... for ever and ever and ever." He gently slapped her butt to spur her to action; she playfully yelped. "However, we need to hold that thought for later, my beloved sweetheart... right now, as you so rightfully pointed out, WE are on a schedule!"

A short time later, while both were gingerly getting dressed, Paula got an unexpected flash of insight and giggled.

"Gerryyy... did you ever think about what happens to someone swimming in the pool while Thunderbird 1 takes off?"

