Secretaries Club Ch. 01: Anna
byLiver96©

Secretaries' Club: Anna

Hello everyone, I'm glad to finally introduce you a popular fantasy. Secretaries have some kind of turn on (not sure if eyeglasses are the reason, but one of them), but what if you find out things materialize in the wrong way? With luck (and time) I hope to write some episodes about this, once again; thank you Thanos for support (sorry if you didn't expect that ending in the Infinity War Satire).

*

The alarm was ringing nonstop on the nightstand, a small white hand came out of the sheets and turned it off; couple minutes later Anna put it aside and yawned. She got up, grabbed her glasses and teeth brush and went to the bathroom; after brushing her teeth she stripped off her pajama and took a cold shower. Anna, woke up completely when the cold water touched her body, she washed her body, caressed her round tits and jerked her dick.

She picked her uniform from the closet, and put it on the bed. Checked her phone (she was on time, so no need to rush, she thought) and updated her whatsapp status, ''Ready for work,'' she typed. She got dressed in less than 5 minutes and watched herself in the mirror. She wore a white blouse, tight, marking every single inch of her body, her tits were fully packed inside the bra and her blouse was about to explode. Her black skirt was up her knees, delineating her curvy legs and ass; she sighed and smiled pleased. Her pale skin was beautiful and flawless, especially her face, with a marked contrast between her skin, her black hair and her lips, painted in dark red. She adjusted her glasses and checked time.

Anna left her bedroom and walked into the kitchen. She made some coffee and received a voice note from her friend Vanessa, she was about to turn 27 and was planning to celebrate with her friend Vanessa. She answered and finished her coffee cup, she picked her bag from the couch and left her home.

She walked to the corner, and sat down in the bus stop, waiting her transport to go to work. Like her, other neighbors and random people were expecting the bus to arrive to their destinations. Anna checked her social media while waiting, and once the bus arrived, she sat down next to a window and watched the streets, the people.

The bus took around 20 minutes to arrive to downtown. Anna came out of the bus when it stopped in front of TF Incorporated, her work place. She came into the building and said hello to Perkins, the old and polite janitor of the company; Anna put her employee card into the card reader and headed to the elevator.

She saluted the people that came into the elevator and it closed its doors. The elevator stopped in almost every floor, leaving workers in their place, until Anna stayed alone. She was heading to the seventh floor, as she was the General Headmaster's secretary, the doors opened once again and Anna left the elevator. The main corridor was large and wide, with offices on both sides; the secretary rushed and crossed it in less than a minute. She heard an occasional ''Good morning, Anna,'' and she replied back with a smile.

Finally she reached her work spot, a large desk with her name in a golden inscription, ''Anna van der Horst, Secretary.'' She sat down and took the auricular that was on her desk and put it in her right ear, she adjust the microphone and turned on her laptop. Her boss, a fat, short and bald old man arrived ten minutes later and stopped when he noticed her behind the desk.

''Good morning, Miss van der Horst,'' he said.

''Good morning, Mr. Turner,'' Anna said.

''Please, I would like to check my schedule today. My wife wants to lunch with me and I need to verify if I have free time,'' Mr. Turner requested.

''I will have it ready in five minutes, boss,'' Anna said.

''Good, I'll be waiting in my office,'' Mr. Turner said and stared at her before leaving, ''You look really beautiful today,'' and walked away.

Anna smiled shyly but when she was sure that Mr. Turner was away, she made a repulsive expression. She was used to his gazes and words out of context, if only Mr. Turner was 15 or 20 years younger, she would have acted different. Anna opened some files and checked her boss' agenda for that day; she printed it and left it on her desk. She wrote some small documents to send it to other departments, and once she finished, she stood up and headed to Mr. Turner's office.

Meanwhile, in another building in the city, a businessman called Frank Martin was trying to send an email to one of his commercial partners, Greg Turner, but his internet connection wasn't working properly. Frustrated after several attempts, he cursed technology and called his secretary.

''Ms. Goldstein!'' he shouted to the phone.

''Yes Mr. Martin,'' an alarmed voice sounded from the other side.

''The internet connection isn't working. Send me one of our technicians immediately!'' he demanded irritated.

''In a moment sir,'' the secretary said and Frank finished the call.

Mr. Martin stood up, impatient. He was a tall white man, 50 years old, with a very delicate heart record and made a couple deep breaths, trying to calm down. He was wearing a black suit, his chest was moving up and down really fast and his hands were sweaty, ''Where the fuck is that damn technician?'' he thought and took a glass of whiskey and drank it all. He heard a quick knock from the door, ''Yeah, come in now!'' he said and a young man opened the door, wearing a blue work suit.

''Do you need me sir?'' he asked.

''Yeah, I need to send an important information but seems there's no connection. Fix it now!'' Mr. Martin barked.

''Sorry sir, but I can't do that right now,'' the technician said.

''What!?'' Mr. Martin shouted indignant and threw the glass against the floor. The employee remained in silence and paralyzed, ''I pay you to do what I fucking want, so you will do it now!!'' Frank demanded but the technician shook his head.

''I need to apologize, sir... what I meant was... there's a problem with the network, so I had to shut it down. Probably we will not have connection today...'' he explained nervous.

''Probably!?'' Mr. Martin said with irony and the technician nodded, ''I see... just another incompetent... you are fired,'' he said.

''But sir...!''

''Fired!!'' Frank yelled and waved his hand, and the man, devastated, left the office.

''Probably we will not have connection today...'' Mr. Martin said in burlesque tone and sat down annoyed. He took the office phone and called his secretary one more time, ''Ms. Goldstein, I need some of our mail guys here, now!'' he said. Goldstein said a quick ''Yes'' and call was over, Mr. Martin waited about 3 minutes and heard another knock, ''Come in...'' he said and a young guy opened the door.

He was around 5'2 tall, 24 years old, brunette short hair, white, brown eyes, thin and a childish face. His name, Lewis, he was wearing white shirt and black pants, the mail guy closed the door and stood in front of his boss.

''I need you to deliver an important document, since the internet is not working today and we don't have fax anymore,'' Mr. Martin said.

''Sure sir, just tell me where to go,'' Lewis said.

''I want you to go to TF Incorporated, and deliver this document to Greg Turner. Protect it as your own life,'' Mr. Martin said and gave the document to Lewis in a folder.

''You will not regret it sir. I'm on the way now,'' he said with a smile and left the office.

''Pathetic...'' Frank said referring to poor Lewis and closed his eyes. Back to TF Incorporated, Anna was in her desk, doing her work and chatting with her friend Vanessa about their plans for the weekend. In the meantime, Lewis was on his motorcycle, heading to his destination. Finally an important job for him, besides sitting all day with the old mailmen and the janitors, it was only a document but from his own boss in person, so he wanted to success in such important request.

Skipping the traffic, he arrived in less than 10 minutes to TF Inc.'s building. He parked his motorcycle and left the helmet under his sit, taking the folder with his right hand he came into the building. The janitor said hello and he waved his head with a smile, and headed up to the receptionist's place, a woman in her 30's, wearing a brown blouse, and her auburn hair in a horsetail.

''Good morning, how can I help you?'' the receptionist asked with a smile.

''Yeah, I'm here to bring some documents to Mr. Greg Turner,'' Lewis said.

''Oh, just leave the documents here, and I will give them to our mail guys,'' she said.

''Sorry, but my boss gave me detailed instructions, to deliver the document to Mr. Turner himself,'' Lewis said.

''Well, in that case... seventh floor. Go to his secretary first, so he will receive you in his office,'' the receptionist said and Lewis thanked her and headed to the elevator.

The mail boy got into the elevator, and pressed number 7. The doors closed, and he breathed deeply but happy. Lewis watched the number of the floors changing and without interruptions, he reached the seventh floor and the doors opened. He left the elevator and walked across the hall, checking every office and asking where Mr. Turner's office was.

Once he got the right location, Lewis found Anna's desk immediately, when he noticed the stunning gal sitting behind that desk, and checked her name twice, he couldn't avoid feeling his cock waking up inside his trousers. Putting the folder right in front of his bulge, he got closer to Anna's desk.

''Hello, are you Mr. Turner's secretary?'' Lewis asked just to make sure.

''Yes, how can I help you?'' Anna replied and Lewis thought, ''Suck my dick, beautiful lips...''

''I am Lewis Carlisle. From ABG Inc., I need to see your boss, I have a very important document for him from my boss, Mr. Martin,'' he explained.

Anna raised an eyebrow and watched Lewis carefully, ''Hiding his bulge, typical...'' she thought when she noticed he was covering his erection. But she could not deny that Lewis was cute and handsome, only a childish face but that wasn't a problem. She snapped her tongue a little before answering to Lewis.

''Can you give me the document? So I can check it and then I'll pass it to my boss,'' Anna said but Lewis shook his head.

''Sorry, but can't do that. I need to...'' he began but she interrupted him.

''Yeah, I know. You have orders. However, we have a different method here so you will give me the document, and if you want to wait, I don't have any problems,'' she grinned and Lewis understood and gave her the document.

Anna checked quickly and confirmed her suspects: he was hiding his erection behind the papers, and Lewis sat down in a chair close to her desk and waited. The secretary saw the document and left it aside, she called her boss and let him know about a document from ABG Inc. Mr. Turner told Anna to bring the document in one hour, because he was talking with some foreign clients.

While waiting, Lewis gazed at the beautiful secretary. He didn't wanted to look like a pervert, but he couldn't avoid it, ''Damn she is beautiful,'' he thought. He put both hands on his crotch, trying to cover his hardon, his dick was getting limp slowly, and he remained calmed and quiet. Anna worked as usual, but from time to time she lowered her glasses a bit and watched Lewis discreetly. The mail guy looked around with shy face, and watched his clock every five minutes.

''Damn, this is taking so much time,'' he thought. Because of that, he had a tic in his leg, he was becoming impatience and nervous, there was no reason for not been received by Mr. Turner; but he was intimidated by that sexy woman with glasses so he remained sat like a good kid waiting for the bell to run like crazy. Lewis felt thirsty but he didn't saw any water deposits around, so he stood up and walked to Anna's desk.

''Sorry to bother you, but, is there any water? I am thirsty,'' he said with a friendly smile.

''Yeah, at the end of that corridor,'' Anna said without taking her eyes off the screen and pointing to the left with her hand.

Lewis walked and found the water deposit, he took a glass and drank twice. He felt much better and came back, just to find Anna focused with her paperwork, and the folder still in the same place she left it. He sighed and sat down again, trying to find out when he would be able to deliver the document. The secretary yawned and watched her phone, then she opened Whatsapp and sent a message to Vanessa.

He couldn't believe it, that lazy girl was doing nothing about his delivery task. Anna left her phone and grabbed her lipstick and a small mirror, and repainted her lips in red. Lewis bit his own lips, that hot secretary, besides her laziness, was a S.A.W (Slut At Work), he thought; the mail guy also checked his phone and updated his WS with a LOL picture to have some fun.

An employee came to Anna's desk and dumped some more papers, she sighed pissed and Lewis did the same, ''Eh... Do you know how much time Mr. Turner will be busy?'' he asked to Anna. She shook her head and Lewis lowered down his head, upset. It was so frustrating and ridiculous, Lewis thought, but he wasn't able to do something against it. Suddenly, he felt his bladder full and stood up once again.

''Hey, can you tell me where's the bathroom?'' Lewis asked to Anna.

''Right hall, last door,'' Anna answered and Lewis thanked her and moved to the right hall.

Lewis opened the door, and pulled down his zipper, his cock was free and he did the thing in the first urinary he saw. He sighed in relief, while peeing for a long time; Lewis shook his cock when he finished and the door opened, and Anna, Mr. Turner's secretary, came inside. The mail boy put his dick back inside his trousers in no time.

''Shit! What are you doing here? This is men's bathroom!'' Lewis complained.

''I'm sorry, I forgot to tell you that women's bathroom is out of service. I won't stay for long time,'' Anna clarified.

''Ok, don't worry. I'm already done... so... the bathroom is all yours,'' he answered. Both stayed in silence, the moment was really tense and embarrassing, Lewis thought. However, he couldn't deny that his pants were tighter and he suddenly became a few pounds fatter than before, or his cock was betraying him again; it was the second thing and Lewis couldn't avoid blushing a little and he looked to his own feet, ashamed.

''Are you serious?'' the secretary said when she gazed at his crotch.

''Sorry, I-I... don't know what to...'' Lewis mumbled, wishing a lighting wiped him in that moment.

''You like what you see, don't you?'' Anna asked in serious tone. Afraid of answering, Lewis remained in silence until Anna repeated her question, the mail guy seriously doubted what to answer. If his answer was yes, he would look like a filthy pervert and probably in big trouble, and if his answer was a no; he would feel gay for not admitting Anna was gorgeous.

''Nothing? Wow, now I am embarrassed,'' she said a bit disappointed. Lewis nodded quickly when she asked him for a third time and Anna chuckled, ''For a second I thought you were a retard... guess I was wrong,'' Anna said and smiled. Lewis didn't knew what to think or do, so he remained in silence.

''C'mon! Will you stay like a damn gargoyle?'' Anna protest without changing her calm voice, and moved two steps closer, ''By the way, Mr. Turner is waiting for you,'' she said and after brushing her horsetail, she left the bathroom.

Lewis stayed a while in the place, absorbed in his own thoughts. He wasn't able to describe properly what happened to him, but he thought that secretary was really naughty. He watched himself in the mirror and left the bathroom, Lewis found Anna a few steps away; accompanied by an old and bald man he thought it was Mr. Turner, and he wasn't wrong.

''My secretary just told me about the document you brought from your boss, Mr. Martin,'' Mr. Turner said.

''Yes, I was hoping to return to my boss with an answer from you,'' Lewis said.

''Unfortunately, I can't give you information we managed. But I can receive him anytime he wants to come here to do business,'' Mr. Turner said and the mail guy nodded, ''I understand sir, but you must know that I have to return with something, or my boss...'' and Lewis made a gesture with his finger, cutting his throat; Anna giggled and Mr. Turner grinned, ''Hehe, well, tell your boss to come here when he has some free time in his agenda, and we will discuss our business relation,'' Mr. Turner proposed.

''Great sir, I'd better go now,'' Lewis said and shook hands with Mr. Turner. Anna gazed at him with lots of interest, and bit her lip when he turned around and walked to the elevator. She went back to her desk and told Vanessa everything, but she cursed her bad luck for not asking his number, ''He will be back, I'm sure of it,'' she said at the end to her friend in a voice note and put her phone aside.

Lewis drove back to his workplace and notified his boss about the task. ''Good job,'' was Mr. Martin's cold answer and he left the office. Lewis was happy after all, but all the happiness suddenly disappear when he joined once again the janitors and the other mail guys, ''Fuck, what am I doing here?'' he thought. The only good thing in the rest of his work time was thinking about the sweet and naughty doll working for Mr. Turner.

Two weeks later.

Eight in the morning, as usual, Mr. Martin arrived on time to his company, just to find out his secretary was at the doctor's. Mad at her, he went to his office; and phoned his driver.

''Morris, where are you?''

''Sorry sir, but I can't work today,'' Morris said.

''What? But today you have to take me to TF Incorporated!'' Mr. Martin said annoyed.

''I need to apologize boss, family issues... my wife...'' Morris muttered.

''Family? Hmm... then its ok, solve your problem and report when you are ok,'' Mr. Martin said.

''Will do,'' and call was over. Morris threw his phone away and came back to the bed with Mr. Martin's secretary, ''Who was calling you?'' she asked, ''The boss... but I dealt with him, now time to enjoy together,'' he said and jumped on her.

Mr. Martin thought a bit better with his whiskey shot, and decided to call the dumbass mail guy. In less than 3 minutes Lewis was running like crazy and arrived to Mr. Martin's office, trying to catch his breath and ready to work. The boss explained the situation and Lewis accepted to drive him to TF Incorporated and get a little extra for the day. Happy and enthusiastic, he led the way and took the car keys.

They got in the car (Cadillac), and Lewis turned on the engine. He drove a couple blocks when traffic stopped him, ''What's going on? Why did you stop?'' Mr. Martin asked with a not pleased voice, ''Sorry sir, we will be on way in a minute,'' Lewis muttered. But the minute passed and Mr. Martin, a man who takes every single word literally, exploded annoyed, ''You pathetic dumbass, why are we still here!?'' he yelled out. ''I'm going to lose my job...'' Lewis thought and found a way to leave without crashing the car, Mr. Martin exhaled a bit less annoyed and rested his back against the sit.

Half an hour later he stopped the car in front of TF Incorporated and opened the door for his boss. He closed it and followed Mr. Martin inside the building; then Lewis talked to the receptionist and guided his boss to the elevator. He pressed the 7th floor and they went up all the way, they stopped at 4th and a man with some papers joined them and pressed the six, once they were alone they reached the seventh floor and left the elevator.

Mr. Martin followed his mail guy-now-a-driver and they reached Anna's desk in less than one minute. The hot secretary was wearing a tight red blouse, matching with the colour of her lips. She had her hair in a horsetail and was using glasses; when both Mr. Martin and Lewis spotted her, they couldn't take their eyes off her breast.

''Good morning, can I help you?'' Anna asked.

''Ah... yes. My boss, Mr. Martin, wants to see Mr. Turner, I came two weeks ago and delivered some documents,'' Lewis answered quickly, trying to keep his eyes up.

''Yeah, I remember you. Come with me, Mr. Martin,'' she said and stood up, leading Mr. Martin to her boss' office.

Lewis sat down in the chair he had sat two weeks ago, and took out his phone. He couldn't focus in any app, he lost all the interest when he saw Anna, and then she returned to her desk moving her hips and legs in sexy way. He swallowed and tried to focus in a traditional game, Whack A Mole! But he couldn't hit the mole, or spot the right hole it was in. He knew most of secretaries would do anything to get what they were aiming for, after several attempts, Lewis finally focused in a boring article about to be your own boss.

''First, you need to be sure of what you are capable of,'' Lewis read in silence, ''And choose what kind of business you want to implement. Those tits look great...'' and he quickly opened and closed his eyes and read again the line, ''Those are the tips to consider when you want to be independent.'' The mail boy rested his head against the wall but the object of desire was right in front of him, Anna was doing her work without paying attention to him... apparently.

Apparently, because from time to time, she lowered down her glasses to check the handsome guy in front of her, he wasn't exactly an Adonis but his childish face got her thinking a lot; was he into her or just casual gazes? Eventually, she decided to smile at him and he smiled back awkwardly. ''Mmm... Anna, I think this might be a lucky day...'' she thought and giggled.

The meeting between Mr. Turner and Mr. Martin was taking long time, and Lewis was a bit nervous and impatient. He just wanted to get out of that place as soon as possible, the secretary was incredible hot and he wasn't sure to restraint himself off her. The time passed slowly, Lewis felt he had spent an eternity there, but only 20 minutes had passed since their arrival, ''Damn, I need to get away,'' Lewis thought and stood up. Anna followed him with her gaze as he walked to the right hall, and she heard when he closed the bathroom door, ''Purrfect... you will be mine...'' Anna smirked with sweet voice and took out of her bag a gag ball. At the moment, she phoned her boss to ask permission to buy her lunch, because she forgot it at home. With her boss' approval, Anna stood up and hid the gag ball under her skirt, pressed against her hip and walked to the bathroom.

The secretary stopped outside the door and watched around, hall was empty and everyone was busy with work so she opened the door carefully and slid inside. Lewis was in front of the mirror when Anna came inside, and he dropped his phone into the washbasin, freaked out. ''WHAT THE FUCK!?'' Lewis shouted hysterically.

''Whoa, take it easy honey. Remember, it's the only bathroom here for the moment,'' Anna said and Lewis closed his eyes and put his hand on his chest.

''Damn, you should have knocked the door at least, you almost gave me a heart attack,'' Lewis said.

''My bad, but you seemed nervous before I came in,'' she said and winked an eye.

He swallowed and knew that he seemed too obvious sometimes. Anna locked the door while Lewis was looking himself in the mirror, she walked next to him and took out her lipstick and painted her lips a little.

''Are you Mr. Martin's driver?'' she asked.

''I'm... just a mail guy in his company. Replacing his driver today,'' Lewis said.

''Well, you're too cute for a mail boy, you know that,'' Anna smirked and put her lipstick on the washbasin.

''Eh... thanks. You are beautiful too... damn, this is embarrassing...'' he muttered and Anna giggled.

''Why? Not a big deal at all, just being honest,'' she said and Lewis relaxed a little, ''Yeah, you're right. It's just... I never... I normally, you know, don't talk with girls often,'' Lewis admitted.

''Well, I can help you with that, here and now,'' Anna whispered and got closer to him.

''What... what are you doing?'' he asked nervous when Anna embraced him from behind, ''Don't say anything, let me do everything,'' she whispered in his ear, ''Someone could come and...'' Lewis mumbled but Anna interrupted him, ''We are alone, just relax and let me do my thing,'' she commanded and Lewis shut up.

The secretary rubbed Lewis' chest with her hands, softly and slowly. ''Close your eyes,'' she whispered and Lewis did it, those hands touching every inch of his body over the shirt, her hands were feeling amazing. The sensation, similar when you put your arm close to a TV screen, that shocking feeling made him enjoy the foreplay; Anna raised her left leg and wrapped it around his leg, she moaned and licked his earlobe, Lewis howled, ''You like it, let's go a bit rough then,'' and pulled out her gag ball.

''Open your mouth and keep your eyes closed,'' Anna ordered and Lewis obeyed. Suddenly he felt a plastic ball filling his mouth, Anna secured it and Lewis choked and struggled a little, ''Good boy...'' she said and Lewis tried to mumble but only nonsense. The secretary slid her hands under his shirt and her touch drove Lewis crazy, teasing his chest and belly.

''Mmm... goashh... aggh...'' Lewis mumbled and tried to resist her incredible charming but lust between them were out of control. With no real options of running away, Lewis stayed trapped between the sink and Anna; her tongue licking slowly his neck and cheeks, and giving kisses all the way, leaving her lipstick mark all over. Besides all the lust, Lewis was a little nervous by the fact that someone could open the door and caught them red handed, but he didn't knew Anna locked it.

Things escalated quickly and she turned him around, and kissed him. Or just teased him, since the gag ball was avoiding the full contact. He tried to touch her lips with his, and Anna only giggled with his attempts and licked and kissed the ball, ''You want more, huh? I'm gonna give you some more...'' she whispered and pinched his nipples a bit and Lewis moaned. Anna smirked and repeated it again, with the same result and she lifted him and sat him down on the washbasin.

She jumped on him and wrapped her legs around his torso, and resumed the kissing. In less than one minute Lewis' face was covered with her red lips, she embraced him and he felt her sweet smell, ''Gosh, she smells incredible!'' he thought. The arousal between these kinky bunnies was growing like a hurricane, their breaths and moves were erratic, Anna's groans were so sexy that Lewis felt his thoughts were filled of them.

However, he felt a strange bulge pressed against his belly and he wondered about three seconds what was that, before a storm of kisses and caresses from Anna overwhelmed him. Lewis slid his hands all over Anna's silhouette and put them on her butt, she grinned and bit his lower lip, ''You are so cute, I can't barely hold myself...'' she said and took off her glasses. Then she unbuttoned her red blouse and threw it away, she was wearing a black bra, Lewis buried his face between those tits, shaking his head and dripping some saliva on them.

''So, do we have a deal?'' Mr. Martin said and Mr. Turner nodded, ''We need to celebrate this, partner...'' Mr. Turner said and stood up. He poured some whiskey in two glasses and gave one to Mr. Martin, ''For a successful business,'' he toasted and his colleague repeated. Emptying their glasses, Mr. Turner filled them up again... the pair would be pretty busy for the next hours.

Back to the bathroom, Anna and Lewis were busy as well. He was rubbing his face against her knockers like possessed, once again, the strange bulge sensation appeared and Lewis didn't know what to think about it. It wasn't his own dick, he was sure about it, it was something else... he trained to put her away a little, but he struggled in vain. Anna noticed what Lewis was trying to do and stopped, ''What's going on? You seemed a bit worried...'' she replied calmed and impassive now. An unintelligible sort of words came from Lewis' mouth and she dragged the ball out of his mouth, ''I... sorry for this, but, this might sound weird, but I'm feeling a strange bulge between us for a while... and...'' Lewis said.

''And?'' Anna wondered and raised an eyebrow.

''And... I think it's not my dick... funny huh? I know, I know, it sounds crazy, but I had to tell you,'' Lewis said and he thought, ''Shit, I fucking ruined...''.

Anna unwrapped her legs off his torso and jumped down, she had a strange gaze and waved her hand, ordering him to remain sat, ''Ah, well, I think I forgot to mention one thing before we started...'' she giggled and unzipped her skirt. She lowered down and with big eyes, Lewis saw a huge bulge under her black panties, Anna took it off and he opened his mouth, invaded by hysteria.

''Holy shit!! What the fuck!?'' Lewis exclaimed and Anna moved fast. She put him the gag ball again and with her finger, she demanded silence and discretion.

''That's better, sweetheart. No reasons to make a scandal of this. Yes, I have a dick; now let me tell you a couple things.''

''Gahhrr... aarrchh...!'' he was able to mumble and Anna put her left hand on his mouth and cover it.

''Will you be a good boy for me?'' she said in tender tone and Lewis relaxed and nodded, ''Perfect! Now let me tell you a couple things,'' Anna repeated and Lewis nodded again.

''I really like you, there is no denial...'' Anna stated and jerked her dick a little, ''Just look, I'm rock hard because of you, now, I will tell you what's gonna happen. I have never accepted a no for answer and I'm really horny right now, so you know the stakes, right?'' she said and Lewis nodded, ''Great, seems you understand quickly. Lewis, I wanna fuck you here and now, but I don't want to force you to do something you don't want to, is that clear?'' she resumed and Lewis nodded.

Anna dragged the ball again off his mouth and he swallowed nervous. She caressed his thighs and he calmed down, just a little to think. So that was her proposal, a huge dick up his virgin asshole, and what it was worse, she didn't want a no for an answer, so clearly she was leaving him with no options... but one, let her fuck his ass.

''What if I say no?'' Lewis asked.

''Well, I told you, I've never accepted a no, but, I can promise you this will be your best sex,'' Anna answered.

''Why? Why you are doing this?''

''Why? Because I like you! And... I always get what I want...'' she admitted.

''Shit! I know it will hurt, and I'm a virgin!'' Lewis confessed desperate.

''Oh... well, I will be nice to you, but only if you say yes. Otherwise...'' Anna said and gazed at him with kinky lust.

Lewis was scared. Not only because the risk of having a dick, a cockgirl, deep inside his ass. Maybe she wasn't concerned about it, but someone could open the door in any moment, and yes, he was praying for it.

''You know someone could enter in any moment, right?''

''No one will come. I locked the door, and in this company, when the bathroom is locked, no one interrupts...'' she grinned and Lewis realized he was without options. She planned everything perfectly and now it was the moment to let a gorgeous, mesmerizing and curvy dominant secretary screws his asshole for the first time.

''Ok... ok, well, I guess my answer is... is a yes. Let's do it...'' Lewis said and Anna put the biggest smile in her face and hugged him, ''I knew it! You won't regret this,'' she said and kissed him passionately. At first, Lewis didn't close his eyes and watched the way Anna was kissing him. Tenderly, a real kiss; he was surprised by that and surrendered to her lust and gave everything.

Lewis caressed her face and hair, just like she was doing to him, their tongues meet each other and share some saliva. After a long and wet kiss, they lips separated; both were breathing heavy, trying to catch some air.

''I really like you Lewis... sorry if I scared you with my crazy attitude... but I didn't know what to do...''

''Don't say anything...'' he whispered and kissed her back.

The couple kissed wild this time, someone would say their lips were covered with some glue. After some minutes Anna stripped off Lewis' clothes and made him rest his back on the washbasin. Lewis was a bit uncomfortable but he didn't care and Anna grabbed his cock and began to stroke softly, she spat some saliva and jerked it a little faster, Lewis cried out and she stopped.

''What??'' Why did you stop?''

''If we are going to do this, we need to be quiet,'' she said and put the gag ball inside his mouth, ''Much better, babe...'' and continued.

Lewis kept making funny noises while his dick was receiving the handjob from Anna. From time to time she spat more saliva, to make it easier and faster; her lover was moaning and shaking his body and she smiled pleased. At the same time she was stroking his dick, with the other hand Anna was massaging his ballsack and pulling them; Lewis was enjoying her way but for a reason he wasn't completely sure, his sphincter was gaping a little.

She spread his legs some more, and the feeling of exposure increased. And the strange gaping thingy too, somehow Lewis was feeling for the first time in his entire a bit different, receptive, waiting in expectation and ecstasy. ''Do you like it?'' Anna spoke again with an exhaling voice and Lewis nodded quickly and closed his eyes, she stick her tongue out and swelled the pace of her hand.

She kept saying dirty things to him and Lewis' mind was blowing up, Anna left his balls alone and caressed his legs and body, his skin was burning and with her touch, all his senses were about to explode. And his loaded balls were about to explode either, with his constant and girlish moans; Anna knew Lewis' orgasm was closer and put her free hand close to his asshole. Her naughty fingers were moving up and down in his rear end, until she stuck the middle finger in.

As loud as he could, Lewis yelled out and Anna thanked her good idea of carrying her gag ball with her, so his scream was lessened a lot. But the result of that hostile finger in his back door was too much for Lewis, and he erupted a huge load really high and ended it up his belly. One, two, three and four shots Anna counted, as she saw Lewis with his eyes all white and shaking his body for all the pleasure and tension he was releasing from his dick. His dick was like a volcano, exploding so hard and without any restrictions, Anna wiggled her middle finger inside his ass while she was stroking like crazy her lover's cock, until she emptied his balls.

''Gosh...! That was a hell of a cumshot... now I wanna know how you taste...'' Anna grinned and her face went down to his belly. Both were sweat and exhausted, but Lewis was more exhausted than her, besides his evident satisfaction. She licked all the cum slowly, her tongue felt amazing and Lewis moaned some more, Anna cleaned his belly a few minutes later and kissed the gag ball.

When she was done, Anna spat Lewis' cock and with nothing else, she gulped it all inside her mouth. Lewis made some weird noises when he felt her warm and wet mouth wrapped around his semi flaccid dick, she sucked him like a vacuum until it was all limp. Then she sucked his balls, one at a time and both, even played with them with her teeth and Lewis grabbed one of the faucets with his hand; that secretary was a real slut and he was enjoying it more, Lewis thought.

Her tongue slid all over and suddenly he felt a wet thingy around his rose, it was Anna's tongue. She began to lick Lewis' sphincter and he relaxed, he never felt something like that before and all his nerves were experiencing the joys of asslicking. Anna spat saliva and licked that asshole up and down, while jerking her dick; at some point, she stick her tongue inside and Lewis exhaled pleased as she was fucking his asshole with her tongue. She moved her neck back and forward and stuck her tongue out all she could to tongue fuck him properly.

The mail guy was shaking a bit more, but it was like all his body's nerves were connected with his asshole now, the waves of pleasure coming from his hole were expanding like a vice, his heart beating so fast that Lewis thought in any moment it would come out of his chest. Anna moved her tongue in circles inside Lewis' ass and felt a melting sensation in his mind and body, she mixed the wiggling with thrusting and her tongue pushed all the limits and to her pleasure, Anna noticed that her man's dick was hard again.

Finally, she stopped licking Lewis' ass and thrust a finger inside. Lewis howled and his voice was choked by the gag ball, Anna shoved it deep inside and at the same time she was rotating it; he relaxed his body and his sphincter squeezed the small intruder. Pretty soon she increased the pace of her sneaky finger and shoved a second finger, Lewis sighed and closed his eyes; this was way more exciting than masturbation.

Anna groaned as her fingers were stretching her man's ass, but not for long time, ''I can't wait...'' and withdrew her fingers and sucked them, tasting Lewis' asshole. She helped him to sit down on the washbasin and then he stood up, just to be on all fours like a good puppy; with both hands Anna massaged his butt, her soft sands touched every inch of it and helped Lewis to relax.

''Relax and I'll take you to the stars,'' Anna said and her glans prodded Lewis' sphincter.

The secretary made pressure and her glans filled the insides of Lewis, who groaned and breathe deep. She slid a couple more inches inside and he tensed his hands, the pain was increasing in small waves but Lewis bit the gag ball to release some of it. Anna bit her lips and shoved all her dick, her pelvis touched his asscheeks and she remained motionless.

''Oh damn, you are so tight babe,'' she said and her hands massaged his back, Lewis lowered his face down and watched the floor. Her dick was big and filling him like a porky chop boy, the minutes passed and his ass was molding to her dick, making pain diminish a little.

Feeling how she withdrew her cock, Lewis found some relief and then she shoved it again slowly. He moaned and felt a wave of pain, mixed with pleasure, coming from his rear end and growing so bad in his body; Anna repeated it a few more times and pain kept subsiding while pleasure was swelling. And pleasure wasn't the only thing increasing, her pace did and Anna set a normal tempo; Lewis noticed his ballsack firm and his cock growing up really fast, ''Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit,'' he was thinking as he couldn't yell out for her.

Anna grabbed his buttcheeks while fucking him, her tits were bouncing with her thrusts as she was moaning pleased and her pelvis clapping against his ass. The pain was gone and Lewis couldn't believe he was enjoying anal sex as bottom, his saliva and precum were dripping on the floor, to find some comfort he arched his back and Anna grabbed him by the hips.

''Tell me how much you like it!'' she smirked and Lewis nodded quickly and she spanked his left buttock.

Pace swelled even more, and her pelvis and balls were slapping madly against his ass. One of his hands went to his dick, and Lewis jerked it fast; Anna was giving him a lustful workout, he was sweating and groaning like a filthy whore, his heart was beating so fast and Lewis thought that it would burst out in any moment. His rectum was burning but at the same time, her dick was delivering a lot of satisfaction, stimulating his prostate and giving him an insane need to shake his cock, which he was doing.

In some way, Anna was feeling like Lewis. Her heart was beating so fast, she really was loving him good. Her hard shoves were the evidence; she held his hips tight, and gave him powerful and fast thrusts; both closed their eyes and moaned excited, ''Yes baby, I love you!'' Lewis thought and his face was a real poem: agony and ecstasy perfectly mixed. His woman plowed him harder and his cock spurted a hot and thick load of cum over the floor.

''Cum for me, Lewis, cum!'' Anna shouted and Lewis moaned and kept shooting cum until his balls were dry.

With his mind in blank, and exhausted after that big orgasm (the best of his life), Lewis felt more receptive. He spread his buttocks even more and surrendered to Anna's desire; more than before, her chest was redden due to the great effort, some part of her hair were wet and she was a bit tired, but her lust was bigger and she kept fucking Lewis.

A man wearing white shirt, tie and black pants; was walking and checking his phone while heading to the bathroom. Right in front of the door he heard moans and did not move, he turned around slowly and walked back to his office, ''I wonder who is in,'' he thought. With a last hard push, Anna shoved all her dick in Lewis' ass and stopped, ''Ahh... this is so good, Lewis...'' she said with husky voice and pulled out her dick very slow. He moaned as loud as he could and felt a relieving feel mixed with emptiness and anxiety, he wanted her back inside as soon as possible; his asshole was winking for more.

Anna stood up and helped him to do the same, then she kissed his neck and picked some of his clothes and put them around to cover up the place where Lewis was, he felt his legs weakened and Anna laid him on the floor. She laid on him and kissed him tenderly all over his body, their sweat bodies melt together in passion and Lewis massaged her curves while her dick was trapped between them, ''I love you, Lewis...'' Anna whispered in his ear and his heart beat faster and hold her tight.

They stayed together for some time, until Anna stood and kneeled down. She spread Lewis' legs and his asshole was exposed again, she rubbed her glans against it and without effort it slid back inside. When her whole dick was in, Anna decided to be face to face with Lewis, she wrapped her hands around his neck and with short punches, she resumed the anal session. ''Oh yes, look into my eyes Lewis,'' she whispered and she kept thrusting her dick shortly and faster than the beginning.

''Oh God, she is amazing,'' Lewis thought while looking to those bright eyes, full of passion and desire. All of her was good, but those beautiful eyes hooked him; the contact of their skins increased the heat and passion between them. Anna moved her hips faster and Lewis moaned harder, just like her, the mail boy felt his mind melting while she was fucking him so good, in addition that they never broke the eye contact.

She unlocked the clasp and Lewis spat the gag ball out of his mouth, their moans became louder and she finally kissed him. Their lips melted and became one, Anna swelled her pace and quiet moans of pleasure could be hear, they separated and Lewis cried out when Anna, digging her dick deep inside his ass, shot her hot load in his bowels.

Their groans filled the bathroom and Anna gazed at him with warm satisfaction, ''I... I love you too...'' Lewis said and she smiled and kissed him again. She kept her dick inside of Lewis and when they stopped kissing she told him, ''This was the best experience... of my whole live.'' They caressed their bodies some more before Anna pulled out her cock and helped Lewis to stand up.

They dressed and after she took her glasses from the washbasin, Anna grabbed her lipstick and painted her lips again, Lewis embraced her from behind and kissed her neck, while wrapping his hands around her torso, ''I think I will need some help to walk now,'' he commented and both laughed, ''Don't worry, I am here for you,'' Anna said and turned around and kissed him quickly.

Anna put her left arm around his torso, picked her gag ball and took out a key from the pocket of her blouse and opened the door. The same man who went to the bathroom earlier was in front of an office and watched them, ''Hey, van der Horst, I was looking for you...'' he said. Anna stopped and hugged Lewis harder, ''Hello Richardson, sorry... I was a little busy...'' she said and Richardson checked them carefully, knowing what it might had happened between them, ''I see... well, I left some papers in your desk... for the boss,'' he informed and she gave a quick look to Lewis.

''Ok, I'll check them. Do you know if he stills here?'' she asked.

''Yes, busy in his office, with an executive from another company...'' Richardson said.

''Good to know... laters...''

After the awkward moment, Lewis asked her if there was something between her and Richardson and she just told him that long time ago, he tried to seduce her but panicked when he noticed her big gun. They laughed and she helped him to sit down, so he could wait for Mr. Martin and she sat down behind her desk, to do her job, while giving him from time to time naughty gazes.

The End

Story Idea: Liver96

Written by: Liver96

Liver96© All rights reserved, 02/04/20


Secretaries Club Ch. 02: Trixie
byLiver96©

Second chapter of my new series. I had so many ideas at the moment I don't know which one I can start writing, but I guess somehow that's my curse. Maybe a walk with my invisible puppy should clear my thoughts *wink*. Thanks to my good friend Thanos for the help and yes, the fourth satire about the Stones will be about Mind Stone, but I forgot who could be a great character against King Solomon... well, let's begin this one.

*****

"Miss Sanders! I've been waiting for fifteen minutes! Where's my coffee!?" an annoyed man's voice was heard from a phone. A blonde young woman sighed stressed and angry, before she pressed a button of the speaker.

"Give me a couple minutes, boss; it's almost ready," Miss Sanders answered with monotone voice.

"Fuck!" her boss shouted and the communication was interrupted.

"Fucking pig," Trixie muttered throwing a pen away and stood up. It wasn't easy for her to have the asshole of Rob Blake as boss, but she needed the job to pay her bills. She was 23 years old and had recently finished her college, a degree in Marketing; however, she ended up working for Blake as she didn't have enough experience. A company was interested and the CEO promised to call her but he never did it, so poor Trixie stayed in Blake's company as his secretary. She also received a couple offers from modelling agencies but she declined them, incredibly; and Trixie, in words of one of the designers, had it all (cute tender face, long blonde hair, blue eyes, small round tits, curvy and mesmerizing waist, long flawless legs and a perfect ass).

She had almost two years working at Blake's Financial Advisors, and everyday Trixie had to make a great effort to tolerate such a douchebag of a boss. Blake wasn't just humiliating her, but everyone in the company, and didn't matter how hard she tried; it wasn't good enough for Rob. The secretary reached the coffee machine, grabbed a cup and filled it, then walked to Rob's office and knocked the door.

A handsome white man, green eyes, exercised, 30 years old; was sitting behind the desk, with lots of papers and official documents. He had an impatient gaze in his face and when he saw his secretary, it didn't change a little when Trixie walked in and stood in front of his desk with the coffee and left the cup on the table.

"Boss, your coffee," Trixie muttered.

"Finally, I thought I would had to do it myself..." Rob said annoyed.

He grabbed the cup and tasted a bit of it, just to spat it all over his desk. Trixie stood back and yelled out scared, Rob threw the cup in the floor pissed and put his elbow on the table, with his hand massaging his chin.

"Miss Sanders, what's this?" he asked gazing at the cup of coffee.

"Coffee," Trixie replied.

"Coffee? Really? That shit could be anything but coffee, now get my fucking coffee now!" Blake shouted and Trixie took the cup off the desk and left the office.

The young girl returned to the coffee machine cursing her bad luck and her boss, she served some coffee and spat it, "Now you will enjoy it, bastard," she thought and grinned. One of her co-workers, Mrs. Johnson, 44 years old; auburn haired woman with brown eyes, she worked as HR boss and stood next to her with an empty cup to get some coffee.

"Hey Trixie, how's your day?" Mrs. Johnson said with a smile.

"Like every day, awful; and you?" Trixie admitted.

"Yes, is not easy to deal with Blake," she confessed.

"Not easy? Oh come on, you must be joking, he is so wonderful..." Trixie said with irony and sighed, "He is a fucking douchebag, he believes he is the only perfect person in this world," she added.

"I know, you're not alone. But is the boss and we need to be tolerant,"

"Whatever... I'd better rush before he goes nuts again, have a nice day," Trixie said and took the cup of coffee of her boss from the table and returned to his office.

Rob tasted the coffee, and Trixie had to make a great effort to not laugh, as he was drinking her spit with the coffee. He remained in silence and she left the office and went back to her desk, calling and answering every call for her boss and the most important incoming calls were attended by Rob. A pair of humiliating episodes from him was the most important for Trixie during the day, but she managed her anger and frustration to him.

Finally, after a long day of work, at 5 pm she was ready to go. She grabbed her purse, left the building and stopped a taxi. The driver drove to her apartment and she paid, came inside and when she opened the door of her place, she just threw her stuff and went to the bed. She woke up a few hours later, 3 am and no sleep; so she ate some cookies from the secret spot in her kitchen and watched television, waiting the time to start her daily routine. Three hours later she stood up from the couch and went to the bathroom, showered and got dressed for work, she picked a black blouse and grey skirt.

Trixie stopped a taxi and arrived to her work on time, she rushed and put her stuff on the desk. Moving to Archives, she picked some folders to work on and returned to her desk; people arrived in waves and some said hello to her. Trixie waited her boss for 30 minutes until Rob arrived without saying hello and coming into his office, his secretary didn't look at him when he passed in front of her desk and when he closed the door, Trixie stuck her tongue out and grabbed her pencil firmly.

"Sanders, come to my office now, and brought my coffee either," the voice of Rob was heard from the speaker and Trixie pressed the button, "Yes boss, give me a minute," she answered.

Like every day, Trixie went to the coffee machine and made some for Rob. When it was ready, she went to his office and left the cup on the desk, Rob tasted the coffee and didn't say any word... yet.

"Sanders... would you like to explain me, what the fuck I just drank?"

"Boss, its coffee. Really, I don't see any problem with the..."

"Really? You don't think there's a problem, let me tell you; I have a problem!" Rob exclaimed annoyed. Trixie couldn't understand the reasons why her boss was so mean to her, but she was so nervous to speak, "In my 8 years in this company I have never seen so much incompetence in one single person, if you can't do a fucking coffee, I think you are useless; incompetent, inexperienced, and the list would be so long if you..." Rob kept complaining and humiliating Trixie.

She stayed in silence and heard Rob's voice very distant. There was a lot inside of her that wanted to come out, but she was fighting with all her feelings; first, she wanted to say all kind of things to Rob but she was afraid if she did it, she would lose her job. Trixie gazed at him and saw his lips moving but immersed in her thoughts, she couldn't hear his voice; her anger grew inside her... finally her courage beat her fears, "Enough!! You know, I have tolerated your insults and humiliations for two years, I'm fucking sick of it and you know what, I QUIT!" she yelled out and Rob was stumped with her reaction.

"Sanders!? Are you still here? Go back to your desk!" Rob shouted and Trixie reacted. She had imagined what she said to him before, lowered down her face and left the office. Trixie was so disappointed with herself and sat down behind her desk and organized Rob's schedule for the week, while she thought the whole day about quitting or staying. Daydreaming didn't help her a lot but she didn't care if she wasn't doing her duties.

If any of her relatives or friends would be able to see her, they wouldn't believe it was the same Trixie they knew. She couldn't believe she was standing all the bullshit from Rob without doing anything against his abusive conduct towards her, "I had to do something," she thought. But what, was the main question that popped inside her head; what would be good enough to stop her dicky boss?

"I'm gonna make your life hell, Rob Blake..." she thought and grinned. But first, she had to do some calls for her boss, and prepare the conference room for the meeting. Later on the same day, she archived some folders and shut down the computer, before she could leave the office; Rob demanded her presence in his office.

"Sanders, here you are. I need to go to a business diner with some of the executives I met here today and I didn't finish this marketing analysis, I want you to have it ready before tomorrow,"

"But boss, its five o'clock..." Trixie mumbled.

"And I believe you will have it ready in two hours. You'd better start now," Rob said while standing up to leave the office.

"But I have plans..." she lied trying to awake his compassion.

"Well, hurry up Sanders, and be here tomorrow at seven," and closed the door.

"ASSHOLE!" Trixie shouted out when Rob wasn't able to hear her. Pissed, she kicked the trashcan and lots of papers ended up in the floor; she tried to breathe and calm down but it wasn't possible, the only thing she wanted was to make a mess or something really bad to Rob. The time passed on and calmed down, Trixie sat down and did what her boss said; finishing in one hour.

At her apartment, she took a shower and sat down on the couch naked to watch some TV. Her limp cock was resting on her pelvis and she found some relief with some dumb shows, before she had enough; turned it off and went to bed. One of her coworkers, Eddie; texted her, but she ignored his attempts of seduction and putting her phone away she closed her eyes to get some rest after the long day at work.

A tingled sense woke her up and Trixie saw the phone, 4 am. "Great, just what I need," she thought and without sleep she stood up. Naked still, she went to the kitchen and ate an apple before moving to her throne; her warm sofa, she rubbed her cock in reflex and then, she grinned. She had the perfect plan to teach Rob a lesson.

Taking a hot bath, it helped her to clarify her thoughts and desires, her boss would be victim of the best revenge ever planned. She ate her special cereal for queens and leave her apartment; to do a quick stop in the drugstore. She bought some different things for her boss; laxative, hormones and sleeping pills, after the purchase she headed to work.

She prepared the coffee for her boss and added sugar and three spoons of laxative. Trixie grinned while mixing the drink and served it in a cup that she left on her desk, to avoid any mistakes. She whistled while doing some of her work and others were arriving to the office; at 8 her boss appeared and said good morning, asking if the work he left the other night was ready, and Trixie said everything was in order.

Rob went to his office and Trixie caressed the cup of coffee with one finger, "You are gonna have a nice day boss..." she thought while waiting his call for the coffee, which happened half an hour later. She stood up with a big smile and grabbed the cup of coffee and went to Rob's office, he was doing a call when Trixie came in; he waved his hand and she left the coffee on the table and left the office.

Five minutes later she saw Rob leaving his office really fast and ignoring everyone, heading to the bathroom, "This has just begun, boss..." she muttered. Rob came out of the bathroom two hours later, his face was pale and he walked slowly and calmed to his office, Trixie pretended to ignore her boss' condition but he closed the door of his office, she giggled satisfied with the results. "Sanders... can you bring me some water...? I don't feel well..." his voice sounded from the speaker, "In a minute boss," she replied with serious voice. "Time for round two boss..." she thought and stood up.

Trixie poured some water in an empty glass and after smashing a sleeping pill, she added it to the water and waited until it melted. She knocked the door and came in, Rob was pale and weak; Trixie left the water on the table and was about to leave when her boss stopped her.

"Sanders..."

"Yes boss?"

"What did you put in that coffee?" he asked.

"It was coffee boss. With sugar and a bit of vanilla, why?" Trixie answered with skeptical tone.

"No... it's just... just go back to your desk," Rob said and she left the office.

Trixie giggled and sat down, she typed some documents until she was interrupted by Mrs. Johnson.

"Miss Sanders, did Blake told you something about not disturbing him?"

"No, he just asked me for a glass of water," she said with a confused tone.

"Come with me, please..." Mrs. Johnson said and Trixie stood up and followed her.

Mrs. Johnson opened the door of Rob's office carefully and came in. When Trixie entered, she had to cover her mouth with one hand to avoid laughing. Rob was completely sleep, with his head on the desk and saliva dripping out of his mouth.

"I tried to wake him up, but he's knocked out," Mrs. Johnson said.

"Well... I don't know, what might have happened to him. He was fine..." Trixie said slowly, resisting the temptation to laugh like crazy.

"I came to remind him Mr. Morrison will be here in 20 minutes for the meeting,"

"Damn, I forgot to tell him... and now what will happen?" Trixie whispered.

"I don't know... I guess I will tell Mr. Morrison to meet him another day," Mrs. Johnson suggested and abandoned the office.

The secretary stayed a while and kissed Rob's forefront, "Sweet dreams, boss..." she muttered and leave him alone. Happy for her day, she listened to music and did her work without any frustration or humiliating comments from Rob. He woke up several hours later, when the work was almost over, he stumbled out of his office and Trixie giggled; Rob didn't hear her and went to the bathroom.

That day Trixie arrived to her apartment stress-free. She danced while cooking her diner but it wasn't over; it was the beginning of her revenge, right now 2-0 in favor. Trixie watched TV and went to bed, sleeping like a queen.

Next day in the office was about the same, the journey began with an astonishing and furious yell from Rob when he tasted the coffee. Trixie "accidentally" added salt to the coffee thinking it was sugar and Rob's throat burned with the flavor, then she mixed schedules and Rob couldn't close an important deal with some chinese manager.

Stressed and pissed, Rob stayed in his office all day long. Then he used the speaker and asked Trixie for some water, and the wicked secretary had an idea; she unbuttoned her blouse and her tits were partially exposed and then went to Rob's office with the water. Closing the door behind her, Trixie went to Rob's desk with the glass of water; he was signing some important documents when she dropped "accidentally" the glass all over.

"Damn it! What the fuck is going on with you today!? You are dropping everything in your..." Rob shouted furious when he shut up.

Trixie didn't only ruined his documents, part of the water ended up in her blouse and when Rob's eyes gazed at her, he saw his secretary's tits and blouse wet; also he was able to see part of those perky round boobies of her. He swallowed a couple times, he never saw his secretary in such way and he was a bit nervous, on the other hand Trixie had an innocent gaze but inside she was enjoying the situation.

"I'm so... so... sorry, boss...! I don't know what to say, forgive me please; it wasn't my intention..." she said with a sweet affected voice while bouncing her breast closer to Rob.

"Eh... well, you... you should be more careful next time... Sanders..." he said without looking at her chest.

"Oh no, my blouse! Can I get one of those papers?" she asked.

"Yeah... sure Sanders..." Rob muttered but he really wasn't paying attention to what she was saying. The vision of her tits splashed by the water got him out of focus, it was hard to concentrate.

Sanders dried up her tits and blouse, making sure to attract Rob's attention to what she was doing. She dried up in the sluttiest way she could and her boss couldn't resist the temptation to look not only once, Trixie did like she didn't notice his eyes on her tits and she was doing her thing very happy.

"Still needing the water boss? I can get some more if you wish..." she said with a low deep tone and he reacted, taking his eyes off her tits.

"Eh... yes please, if it doesn't bother you... Sanders..." he mumbled and she smiled and leave the office slowly and sexy, modelling her ass for him.

"Boss, I'm gonna drive you nuts..." Trixie muttered after leaving his office and got another glass of water for him and returned.

Things heated up between them, and Rob now was polite to her, he stopped humiliating her but she wanted to go further the boss-secretary relation. One day, when everyone was having their lunch, Trixie wondered what Rob was doing at that moment; so she stood up and walked quietly to his office. Without making noise, she opened the door and came in; surprising her boss.

"Sanders! God, you scared me..." he commented.

"Sorry boss. I was wondering what you were doing," she said tenderly and sat down on his desk.

"I'm working. What do you think what I was doing? Can you stood up off my desk?" Rob said a bit annoyed.

Trixie obeyed and sat on Rob's thighs, wrapping her arms around his neck. He was stunned, he never thought his secretary would do something like that, but there she was, with her dark blue top and black skirt. Blake, as reflex, put his hands on her butt; caressing her firm round ass, his beat got faster and light sweat covered his forehead.

"You know, I have something in mind," she grinned.

"Something in mind?" he mumbled nervous.

"Yeah... you have so much stress lately, you need to relax..." Trixie whispered and caressed his cheek.

Rob was speechless and with no idea about what to do. Or well, he had one, but he wasn't sure of it; Trixie shook her hips sensually and suddenly she felt something big, hard and warm.

"Mmm... looks someone is happy to see me," she said and rubbed her crotch against his rock hard penis. He was blushed and trying to resist the temptation, but her rocking body was something irresistible.

"Yes... yes, keep going," Rob said and closed his eyes.

The secretary pushed his face to her boobs, and he rubbed his face up and down, smothering his nose into that pair of small firm tits. Her perfume was exquisite, some Chanel but at that point he didn't care; he only wanted a single thing and he was about to get it but Trixie pushed him away and stood up immediately.

"Sorry boss, but I'm not that kind of secretary..." she said.

"What the...? Don't leave me like this!" Rob begged, Trixie noticed the bulge under his pants.

"This isn't professional, I'd better go..." she muttered and rushed out of the office.

"Fuck!" Rob shouted exasperated, and he locked the door to unload his frustration alone.

Walking to her desk, Trixie was so happy after provoking and denying Rob's desires. At the end of the day, he offered to take her home and she accepted; when Rob stopped in front of the building, Trixie looked at him pretending she was embarrassed.

"Mr. Blake, I truly apologize for what happened at the office. I don't know what I was thinking..." she said.

"It's ok, don't say anything," he replied.

"But I have to! That wasn't correct, and please; I hope we can forget this incident," Trixie affirmed.

"Sure, now get out of my car,"

"Thanks for the ride, see you tomorrow..." she muttered and left the car.

Of course, she didn't keep her promise. Every day she teased and pushed all the limits with Rob, from dressing to straight seduction; poor man was in his limit and she was denying him the pleasure to taste her hot body. An afternoon he almost had luck, but she added sleeping pills and gave him another glass of water and before Rob was able to strip her blouse, he fell asleep.

He was at the edge, Rob spent days of work thinking how to get a piece of her body, but Trixie was good enough to reach the limit but without crossing the line at all, so the result was the same for Rob: masturbating to some random cheap porn. The days became weeks, and weeks became months, he was desperate as she was having her fun with him but she thought it was time for the real revenge.


It happened a day when Trixie added a bit extra of sleeping pills in his coffee, so he slept all day. When everyone left, she proceeded with her plan and went to Rob's office and locked the door, then woke him up.

"Boss, boss, wake up!" she said while shaking his shoulder. Rob reacted but yet he was sleepy.

"What, what's going on?" he mumbled confused and quite clumsy.

"You fell asleep again, it's almost 7 o'clock," Trixie informed.

"Again? Oh damn it, well..." he said and then he yawned, "... guess it wasn't my day after all..." he added.

"Don't be so sure..." she muttered and jumped on him.

Trixie kissed him uncontrollably, Rob couldn't resist and let her go further. She caressed his body and stuck her tongue inside of his mouth, he opened his eyes surprised but pleased; finally he got something from her than just frustrations. When she stopped, Trixie helped him to stand up and leaned him on his own desk.

"What are you doing?" he said.

"Oh sorry, I forgot it..." Trixie replied and she grabbed him again.

Astonished, Rob saw her secretary stripping off his suit. He tried to touch her and take off her skirt but got repelled, "Don't touch!" she said. Once he was naked, she stared at his stiff dick, nothing special in Trixie's opinion, "Like most bosses, big ego, small dick..." she thought.

Taking control of situation, she leaned him on the desk again, leaving his ass exposed. His hard dick was pressed against the table and he felt insecure, dominated.

"What are you doing?" he repeated.

"Now we are ready, asshole. Now you're gonna pay for all humiliations I suffered from you..." Trixie said triumphant.

Rob tried to stand up but she pinned him down on the table while taking off her skirt and underwear. It was better for him not seeing what was happening, a dick almost double his own size sprang free, she shoved two fingers inside his mouth and stretched it all she could. Rob mumbled powerless and felt something behind him, it was very familiar but he wasn't used to the sensation...

It was a dick rubbed against his ass!

"Sanders! Stop it please! I'm sorry!!" he begged.

"Too late, I'm gonna pump your ass all night long and you will learn your lesson," Trixie promised.

"I'll give you anything you want, just please don't do this!" Rob said.

"Well... besides your ass, I want a pay rise..." she muttered with sarcasm.

"You will have it, just stop this!!" he pleaded and struggled in vain.

Trixie put her hand on his left thigh, and lifted it on the table, exposing Rob's ass. He tried to grab something from the table but only caused a huge mess, keeping her hand on that thigh Trixie rubbed her glans against his asshole with the other hand, making some pressure and thanks to her precum; her glans beat his resistance and slid inside.

"Arrghh, stop!!" he shouted and bit his lips.

"Easy... don't move... and don't make it hard," she mumbled while pushing her big dick inside.

Inch by inch, her dick stretched and filled everything. Rob hit the table with his hand over and over, closed eyes and pale lips. It was the biggest and most excruciating pain he had ever felt, when her pelvis touched his buttocks, she smirked; now her boss was her bitch.

"Take it, take all that fucking dick," Trixie muttered. Rob tried to put down his leg but she avoided it.

She wrapped Rob's tie around his neck, pulling and choking him. Trixie delivered a hard spank to his buttock and pulled out her dick slowly, but the glans; then pushed it again. She repeated it several times, increasing the pace until she put one hand on his waist and the other pulling the tie; she laughed at him while fucking his asshole and saying dirty words to Rob, humiliating him and paying him back for his conduct against her.

"Just hear your moans bitch, you are just a fucking whore, a cock-addict whore!" Trixie said.

Rob felt dizzy and stunned. Never in his wildest dreams he dreamed something like what was happening, leaned down on his own desk, his ass exposed and stretched by a big fucking dick. The secretary kept him pinned down, thrusting her dick in and out of his ass; the pain lessened just a little but it was tearing him apart. His rectum and bowels were burning, the waves of pain were invading his rear as she was shoving her dick inside, but relief appeared when Trixie pulled it out.

That was all what he could feel, Trixie instead was feeling an immense pleasure, fulfilling her revenge against Rob. Setting a relentless pace, the secretary shook the table and Rob's body with her thrusts; every hard punch from Trixie made Rob shouted and cursed her, but she didn't stop fucking his ass.

"Fuck... you're tight... yes!" the secretary moaned while giving short and hard punches to Rob's ass. He cried out powerless and shocked, but there was a tiny problem for him: his cock.

At first, when he felt the touch of Trixie's dick a while ago, his cock went limp in few seconds. But now, the solid stiff cock was back and trapped between his desk and his body, he cursed her in his mind for bringing a lot of pleasure to his prostate, but... was it wrong what were they doing? Even his complains disappeared and he let out some moans, and not discomforted ones. Trixie noticed it immediately and swelled the pace of the penetration, and he moaned louder in ecstasy.

"Ah... ah... ah..."

"Yeah, you love a fucking dick in your ass. You all are the same, jerks who loves being fucked in the ass!" Trixie said, "You love a dick drilling your ass, you fucking whore, moan for me, show me how much you love it..." she added and Rob moaned out of control.

After that, her pace became frenetic. He was enjoying the unknown pleasure of anal sex but if could be better if his dick got more attention, but trapped as it was and his hands far from it, was impossible to wank it at least. She made put his leg back on the floor and grabbed him by the hips, to fuck him so deep and hard that he opened his mouth and moaned like one of the women he used to fuck from the bar or a nightclub, Trixie was so damn beautiful but full of energy she had no problem to keep the pace, her boobs and chest were covered of sweat, hair was completely wet but there was no sign of lessening or tiredness.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh yes... come on baby!" she moaned while pounding his ass that the smack noise between her pelvis and balls against his buttocks was easily hearable.

"SHIT...! FUCK...! AAAAHHH...!" Rob yelled out pleased, putting his hands on the edge of the desk to avoid shaking in excess.

The time passed and then she stopped. Burying her dick inside of her boss, she leaned down on his sweaty back and kissed his neck. Rob was breathless and it was easy for Trixie to pulled out her dick, helped him to stand up and then laid down on the desk, then she made Rob jumped on her and sat down on her thick cock.

"Now ride that dick..." she ordered.

Obeying her command, Rob guided that dick with a hand right to his open asshole. When he felt the glans in, he let his weight fell on it and swallowed her dick for once; with the energy left on his body he began to move up and down, Trixie moaned satisfied and squeezed his sweaty buttocks. The atmosphere of the office was filled with sex, sweat and lust and Rob was completely surrendered to his secretary.

"Swing your hips... I know you can do it better..." she mumbled and spanked his butt.

The "boss" obeyed and he bounced on that cock, adding a slight swing to his movements. She moaned in ecstasy and bent up towards his back, but putting her palms on the desk, while Rob was doing all the work. The man while going up and down, jerked his untouched dick and he felt in Heaven, now all was in balance; her dick shoved in his butt, his prostate stimulated and he was jerking his cock, the circle now was completed.

Anyone in Rob's place would think things wouldn't be better, but he was wrong. Trixie decided that he wasn't jerking his dick properly and she put her hand on it, Rob let her do the jerking. The secretary shook it faster and instead of leaving Rob going up and down alone, she moved her hips and pounded him; now pleasure was coming from both places and there was no denying, Trixie was a sex machine, Rob thought.

He squirted his huge load all over the floor and yelled pleased but Trixie wasn't ready for it, "Don't think it's over," she mumbled and moved her hips harder. Rob's flaccid pal shook up and down due to the incredible pace Trixie set, both yelled and the secretary looked the roof and without stopping she deposited her warm load inside of Rob; she didn't stop until the last drop of her sweet nectar was injected deep inside of him and made him sat down on her thighs.

They stayed like that for a while, trying to recover after that intense hardcore. Covered in sweat and almost out of stamina, they didn't care about anything else; just staying like that. Trixie put her arms around his torso and laid down on the desk, carrying his weight; he tried to complain but she said it was ok and Rob rested his body over hers.

Her cock popped out with a sticky noise, and some of her love juice slid out. Trixie rubbed her lips on his sweaty shoulders while keeping him firmly held against her body.

"I... I... I think... you learned your lesson," she said without voice, then put him on the table and stood up. She was weak and her legs were trembling, so she moved quick and got dressed. Then she picked one blank paper and wrote something on it.

"Sign this..."

Rob grabbed the pen and made a couple lines, he was so tired for that easy task.

"Good... with this I'll have your word that you will give me a pay rise and whatever I want from you... and by that I mean everything. Good night boss, sweet dreams..." she said and kissed him.

He didn't care anything, that experience was so intense and great; he would do anything to repeat again, but not that night. Rob stayed on the desk and slept couple hours, then got dressed and walking slowly he reached the elevator, pressing the P he was in the Parking Area in less than one minute, but his car was gone.

"What the fuck?" he muttered.

Walking to his spot, he found a paper pasted on a column.

"It was late to get a taxi, Trixie <3"

Rob checked his phone, 9 pm. Then his wallet, 30$. He walked to the entrance, thinking that at least she didn't took his wallet.

The End.