Shemale Surprise
bysilkstockingslover©

SUMMARY: A married man is seduced and taken by a friend of his wife's.

EDITING THANKS: Thanks to Robert, goamz86 and MAB7991.

NOTE: This story is dedicated to Robert who requested the fantasy...sorry but the story ended up a lot longer than originally planned.

*****

"You can stay with Robert if you wish," Mary said on the phone.

I looked up from my laptop where I was pretending to be working when, in reality, I was reading, for the hundredth time, the brilliant novella 'Shemale School: a Teacher Seduced'. The story had created a new obsessive fantasy I had never even considered before: to be with a Shemale.

I even contacted the authoress to tell her how much I enjoyed it, and have since became one of her editors. I had just finished editing a gay cocksucking story that, although I am not gay and have no interest in men, did have my mouth watering thinking of sucking a cock...which led me back to the Shemale story.

"No, no, he won't mind," Mary said, speaking for me like wives often do.

Seeing me looking at her perplexed, she just put her hand up as if to tell me she would explain when she got off the phone.

I shrugged and returned to the story as the main character in the story just comes to the realization that the headmistress of the school has a cock. I imagined Beverly a co-worker lifting up her skirt to reveal a cock, or my tomboyish sister-in-law Terry coming into my room during a visit and taking my ass with a surprise cock. Every time I see a beautiful woman now, I don't wonder if they are shaved or hairy. No, I wonder what the odds are that under that skirt, or inside those jeans, is a big cock looking for a place to get warm.

Hanging up, Mary said, "I have offered to let Mia share your hotel room this weekend."

"You have offered your hot friend to stay in a hotel room with me?" I repeated, surprised. Mia was easily her hottest friend with massive tits she loved to show off, was a major flirt and was, surprisingly, single.

"First of all, it would be better if you didn't refer to her as my hot friend," she said playfully, shaking her head.

"What should I call her, then?" I asked.

"Well, her name is Mia, so that seems a logical suggestion," she said coming over to me. I quickly logged out of the guest side of my computer, returning to my regular side, where it looked like I was searching Amazon for blu rays.

"I thought women liked when we gave more than one word answers," I quipped.

"You are insufferable," she said, joining me on the couch.

"I try," I shrugged. I love my wife. She is still as beautiful now as the day I met her. She has a ferocious sexual appetite and, unlike many of my married friends, the "I do's" didn't end the blow jobs, voyeuristic sex and anal sex, if anything I got more sex now after twenty-one years of marriage.

Her hand went to my stiff cock as she asked, "Is this because you were thinking of Mia?"

The truth was it was because I was reading Shemale porn but that didn't seem to be the correct answer. Although she knew I was kinky, I wasn't sure she needed to know that I fantasized about having sex with a Shemale. So I answered, trying to be suave, "I was just thinking it was time to make love to my beautiful wife."

"I call bullshit," she smiled, as she grabbed my computer, put it on the table and fished my cock out of my pants.

"Fine," I answered, deciding to tell her exactly what I was thinking about at the moment. "I was imagining Mia seducing me in my hotel room and surprising me with a big cock between her legs instead of a cunt."

Mary coughed, looking startled by my answer, as she stroked my stiff six inch cock. "Be careful what you wish for."

"So I have permission to have sex with Mia if she has a cock?" I asked, teasing her like I always did.

We had both talked about adding a third person to our sex lives, Mary has admitted she would love to be the centrepiece in a gang bang and I have said I would love to be in the middle of a pussy sandwich.

She bent over and took my cock in my mouth. After bobbing up and down for a couple of minutes, she answered, while stroking my cock, "Yes, if Mia has a cock between her legs, particularly an eight inch python, you are more than welcome to be her bitch."

"Oh God," I groaned, as Mary accidentally described my most constant fantasy.

"Would you suck her cock?" she asked, pumping my cock while swirling her tongue around my mushroom top.

"God, yes," I moaned, closing my eyes, the visual instantly coming alive.

"And you'd swallow her cum?" she asked, taking off her blouse and bra.

She often talked dirty, but usually while I was fucking her with her ankles crossed around her head (she is amazingly flexible), or pounding her ass (she loves the submissive situation of giving herself completely to me) or when I began talking dirty to her about taking her to a frat house to be gang banged (her biggest fantasy being to be at the centre of a massive orgy). My wife is a beautiful oxymoron: she has a baby face, is only 5'2, blue eyes, dirty blonde hair and looks like the normal next door mother of three that she is. On the outside she is conservative and no one would suspect the inner slut inside her. She almost never wears panties, leaving easy access to her shaved cunt, wears thigh high stockings under her seemingly conservative skirts and dresses, has voluptuous 38DD tits that added a forth fuck hole besides her mouth, cunt and ass.

I replied, as she leaned forward and started fucking my cock with her massive tits, literally milking my cock, "If she told me to."

"You fucking cocksucker," she accused, pumping my cock with her tits.

"Aaaah," I groaned, as I sprayed my cum between her voluptuous soft tits.

Mary laughed, "Well that was new."

"So it was," I sheepishly smiled. Sure, Mary had many times insinuated she would be game to a lesbian encounter, but I had never mentioned any interest in cock...even Shemale cock.

"One day we may have to live out some of these fantasies," Mary said, scooping cum from between her tits and putting it in her mouth.

"You first," I playfully smiled.

"So I have permission to eat cunt next weekend?" She asked, her question more brazen than usual.

"Eat away," I offered, the thought of my wife between another woman's legs making my cock start to stiffen again.

"So to be clear," she smiled, her hand back on my cock. "While you are at Jerry's wedding you have permission to have sex with a Shemale and I have permission at Carrie's wedding to have lesbian sex," she clarified.

"So it seems," I replied with a soft smile, as she continued stroking my cock. Both of us had weddings to go to on the same weekend. She was a bridesmaid to one of her best friends since high school and was flying to Ohio on Wednesday for the wedding. Meanwhile, my boss was getting married in the city and I really had no choice but to go.

I asked, "How does Mia fit into all this?"

"She is friends with the bride, apparently," Mary answered, standing up.

"I can't wait to suck her cock," I joked.

Mary replied, as she turned around and lowered herself onto my cock, "I bet she will be happy to hear that."

I laughed, "I bet she will."

She rode my cock for an eternity, as I just sat back and enjoyed the ride. Having already come once, I was in for the long haul and my mind pondered...what if Mia did have a cock?

"Want my ass, baby?" Mary cooed, bringing me back to reality.

"Of course, honey," I answered, loving how my wife believed every hole should be used in almost every love making session.

She got off me, laid on the couch beside me with her legs up and said, "Now fuck my ass hard, cocksucker."

Being called a cocksucker after the playful banter was another surprise, but I answered, as I stood up and positioned myself in front of her, "Just shut up, cunt licker, and take my cock in your ass like the slutty gangbang princess you wish you were."

"Oh, Robert," she moaned, loving the name calling once our fuck sessions got going, as I filled her ass with my cock.

"Taking cock after cock in all three of your fuck holes," I continued, knowing how much she loved the dirty talk when she was close to orgasm.

"Oh yes, plug my ass," she whimpered, close to orgasm, moving her hand to her clit.

"Come, my little ass slut," I demanded, slapping her ass.

Moments later she screamed as her orgasm coursed through her. I continued slamming into her until I had unloaded my cum in her ass.

Once both spent, cuddling on the couch, my cum leaking out of her ass, she said, her breathing still stunted from her orgasm, "One day soon we really need to make our fantasies a reality."

"Just say when," I smiled.

"When," she said back.

I looked at her and asked, "Are you serious?"

"If you want to, I'm game," she admitted.

"Craigslist?" I asked. We had read all the ads and considered replying so many times, but always chickened out. Yet, something in her eyes and tone told me this time was different.

"Set it up for after the weddings," she suggested. "I get my period in a couple of days."

I laughed, "Yeah, we should probably wait until that is over."

The next few days flew by and other than a quick blow job before she headed to the airport, we hadn't had sex since that crazy night.

After she was gone, I started going through Craigslist listings and contacted a couple dozen potential couples. After a few back and forth emails with seven couples I had it narrowed down to three potential couples...which I would show Mary once she got back.

Thursday evening, Mia called me, "Hey Robert, surviving all alone?"

I answered, "The house is eerily quiet."

"What does a man do when he is home alone," Mia asked.

"Watch porn," I joked, although truthfully it wasn't a joke.

"What kind?" Mia asked, always very frank when we chatted.

"All kinds," I answered, not wanting to admit I was watching mostly Shemale porn.

"So, I was wondering if I could catch a ride tomorrow," Mia asked, thankfully dropping the subject.

I quipped, playfully, "Since we are already going to be sleeping together, we might as well ride together."

Mia, a nasty flirt like me, countered, "Oh, I plan on using you for rides all weekend long."

I joked, "Be careful. I could take that the wrong way."

Mia's voice dripping with sexuality countered, "You can take that any way you want to."

I stammered, "I-I-I am leaving from work at three."

"I'll meet you there," she said.

"Ok I could come and get you," I offered.

"No, no," she said, "I don't want to be an extra burden on you."

"Trust me, you're not a burden," I said. "A pain in the ass, sure, but not a burden."

"Oh remember those words Robert," she said ominously, before adding, "I got to go, stud. See you tomorrow."

"Okay, bye," I said, hanging up...my cock stiff as a missile. I instantly clicked on some of my downloaded Shemale porn and as a big cocked dark skinned Shemale face fucked a man in a suit in his office, I fantasized the man being me and the Shemale being Mia. I shot my load in seconds before going to pack.

...

Mia arrived at my office a few minutes early dressed in an incredibly provocative and sultry outfit for a three hour drive. She wore a light blue dress a couple inches below the knee, beige nylons, my fetish being nylons, and five inch heels, which were ridiculously high to wear anytime, but particularly ridiculous for a drive.

I asked, playfully, "Hoping to get lucky on the drive?"

"Always look your best I say," Mia answered.

"It's a good theory," I said, my cock already hard...Mia was a beautiful woman and knew exactly how to flaunt her very sexy assets.

"Ready to go?" She asked.

"Sure," I said, shutting down my computer.

The first hour of the drive we talked about work, love and politics. What made Mia more impressive was she was the full package. She was beautiful, funny and intelligent. The only other woman who I thought met all three of those requirements, I married.

"I need to pee," she announced.

"Good to know," I answered.

"Could we please stop at the next town, smart ass," she said, slapping my leg.

"I could use a coke," I agreed, pulling in a few minutes later at a small gas station.

After our pit stop, we were back on the road when Mia slipped out of her heels. "I hope you don't mind, but my feet are killing me," Mia said, as she leaned her chair back and put her stocking-clad feet on the dash of the car.

I looked at her red painted toenails through the sheer nylon, and my cock stiffened. I loved nylons, and I particularity loved toes in nylons. It is a strange fetish, but it was what turned me on.

I said, "I don't know why women try to kill themselves with such foot wear."

"It's all a part of the illusion," Mia answered.

Glancing over, I realized that her long legs were going to be a constant distraction, way more dangerous than playing with a cell phone. I noticed that her nylons weren't pantyhose, but stockings, seeing the top of her stockings being held up by a garter-belt. The sight was easily one of the hottest I had ever seen in person. It was going to be a tough weekend to behave.

"W-w-what illusion?" I stammered.

"The allure of the woman," she answered, her tone sultry, her answer vague.

"Half sentences don't really answer the question," I pointed out.

She wiggled her toes, causing me to leer way longer than socially acceptable and not an overly safe thing to do while going 65 on the highway.

The heels are part of the full ensemble," she continued, before saying, her tone shifting to regret, "although most women have gotten lazy and think doing half the job is okay."

"Half the job?" I asked, trying to focus on the road and not Mia's lovely legs and feet.

"Yes, men are so easily turned on, most women just wear heels or a tight blouse, or a short skirt, but not the entire package," she explained, shifting her legs again, making it impossible to ignore them.

"Tell me about it," I sighed, having noticed myself the rarity of women in nylons in 2014.

"That was a heavy sigh," she noticed. "Do tell."

"I'm a leg man and over the years the popularity of pantyhose has declined at an alarming and disappointing rate," I said, still trying desperately not to stare at her legs.

"Exactly my point," she said, as she moved her hand to adjust a garter on her left leg. She continued talking as if such an act wasn't quite likely to cause a major collision. "The whole package means accentuating every asset. On the outside you dress sexy, but classy. The outfit should showcase a woman's breasts, ass and legs. High heels and nylons help enhance the sensuality and sexuality of a woman."

"Can't argue with that," I said, smiling at her as I checked out her long legs once again.

"In theory, a woman's outside look should be alluring, while underneath the outer layer is a sexual being," she continued.

"So dress like a lady on the outside and a slut on the inside," I clarified.

"That makes it sound dirty," she said, annoyed by my simplistic analysis of her theory.

"I'm sorry," I quickly apologized.

She laughed, "I'm just kidding, it pretty much is that simple. The key is to get every man to want to fuck you and every woman to want to be you."

"Well, I think it is working," I said, again leering way too long at her legs and feet.

"You want to fuck me?" She asked, her tone sultry, her smile playful.

"If I was single I would devour you whole," I quipped back, our flirting reaching a whole new level.

"Hmmm, remember those words," she smiled, her tone ominous again.

"Hmmm, right back at you," I replied, trying to sound manly even though I was confused by her tone.

Changing topics, after a brief awkward silence, she said, "Mary told me you're a leg man."

"That I am," I nodded, staring at the road, desperate to not look at her legs after such a statement.

"Especially in nylons," she added, moving her legs slightly, which I noticed out of my peripheral.

"What else do you two talk about?" I asked.

"Everything," she answered.

"That's a pretty wide scope," I said, my eyes darting to her nylon-clad toes.

"Our conversations tend to meander," she admitted.

Thinking that is how all women's conversation went, I asked, "What else do you know about me?"

"Don't ask questions you don't want to know the answer to," she teased.

"Fair enough," I laughed.

We drove in silence for a while before she asked, "Do you think Mary will eat cunt this weekend?"

I coughed as I asked, "Where did that come from?"

"She told me you gave her permission to eat pussy and she gave you permission to have sex with a Shemale," she revealed.

My face burned with embarrassment. I replied, "That was just heat of the moment talk."

"Mary has wanted to eat pussy forever," Mia said, so matter-of-factly that it seemed inevitable.

I quipped, "She wants to be gang banged too, but fantasy is fantasy."

"But what if fantasy could become reality?" she asked, her tone suddenly serious.

"It's a dangerous line to cross," I said, knowing that fantasy stayed fantasy for a reason.

"Would you seriously let her if the opportunity arose this weekend?" she asked.

"I don't know," I admitted, the conversation at the time I gave her permission was rather laissez faire.

"And if a Shemale came to you this weekend and offered herself to you, would you take her up on the offer?" Mia asked.

I laughed, "Like that is likely to happen."

"That isn't the point, would you?" she asked again.

"Would you?" I questioned back.

"I have before," she revealed.

"Really?" I asked, surprised.

"Of course, Shemales are the perfect specimen. The beauty of a woman; the sophistication of a woman; the upper body of a woman; and yet the lower equipment of a man, which, let's be honest, the only body part that is sexier on a man is his penis...cunts are incredibly unattractive," Mia said, her face squishing up like she had just sucked on a lemon.

"At least I know you're not a lesbian," I joked.

"God no," she said.

"Tell me how you really feel," I joked.

"I love cock," she answered, talking to me as a guy and not as her friend's husband.

I joked again, repeating the same words, "Tell me how you really feel."

"No, seriously," she said. "All cunts look the same, I can't imagine trying to pick one out of a pussy line-up."

"I'd be willing to try," I quipped.

"On the other hand, every cock is distinctly different," she continued, ignoring my interjection.

"Like no two snowflakes are alike," I pointed out.

"Exactly," she said. "There are big ones, small ones, thick ones, curved ones," she listed.

"Black ones," I joked.

"Not all black cocks are huge, trust me," she said. "Actually, the biggest three cocks I have ever seen are all white. Although I have seen some impressive black cocks, too."

I couldn't resist, "You're quite the cock-connoisseur," playing on the word connoisseur.

"Says the guy obsessed with Shemales," she quipped right back.

"Obsessed is a strong word," I countered.

"Semantics," she shrugged. "Hey, you never answered my question."

"Which was?" I asked, the conversation taking so many twists and turns I couldn't remotely recall the question.

"If a Shemale threw herself at you, would you go for it?" she asked.

"I don't know," I answered, which was a true answer.

"But your wife gave you permission," she pointed out.

"But she wasn't serious," I pointed out.

"Wasn't she?" she asked.

"Fine," I said. "If a Shemale hits on me at the wedding tomorrow, I will take her back to my room."

"And suck her cock?" Mia asked playfully, again wiggling her toes which continued to keep my cock hard.

"Fine," I said exasperated by the strange conversation. "I'll suck her cock."

"How about that sexy ass of yours, Robert, would you give that up, too?" she asked, teasing me relentlessly.


"You think I have a cute ass?" I asked, teasing right back.

"Oh, it's very fuckable," she answered.

"That is good to know," I joked, "that my ass is very fuckable."

"You avoided the question again," Mia pointed out.

"Yes, I did," I agreed.

"I'll take your lack of denial as a yes," she said.

"That is like a man taking a no as a yes," I countered.

"Most no's can be turned into yeses," she countered.

"That would have been great information to have in high school and college," I quipped.

"It's never too late to learn to understand how a woman ticks," Mia suggested.

"Every time I think I have Mary figured out, she changes," I said.

"We got to keep you on your toes," she laughed, which, of course, made me check out her toes.

"That you do," I said, knowing tonight I would be jerking off thinking of Mia's legs and feet in nylon.

"So why legs and feet?" she asked.

"I wish I knew," I shrugged. It was a question my buddies asked me often. I didn't care about big tits, although Mary had a nice pair, or great asses, Mary's was still quite firm, but legs...especially in nylon.

"And why nylons?" she cooed, as she put her hands on her left leg and slowly stroked herself.

"Every women I have ever dated has asked me that question," I answered, never able to understand why they turned me on myself.

"There are a lot stranger fetishes than nylons," Mia pointed out, soothingly.

"I know it's not like I am into bondage, pee sex, scat or anything like that," I said, listing a variety of more extreme fetishes.

"Bondage can be fun," she said playfully.

"I imagine it can," I said, thinking I would get tied up for Mia.

"You can't even imagine," she replied, her tone again dripping with naughtiness.

"Oh, I can imagine," I joked. "Probably all night."

She laughed. "So is it the feel of the nylons or the look of them?"

"It's everything," I answered, because it was.

"Explain," she demanded.

"Well, I love the feel of them, especially if they are real silk," I answered, no longer even trying to not to take lengthy looks of her nylon-clad legs and feet.

"Feel these," she offered, moving her left foot onto my lap with incredible flexibility.

"Are you trying to cause an accident?" I gasped, as her foot briefly hit the steering wheel.

"Do you mean on the road or in your pants?" she playfully asked, as her foot ended up on my leg, just a couple of inches from my raging hard-on.

"Both," I replied, stunned by her aggressive attitude. Although I shouldn't have been. She was a free spirit and a naughty flirt.

"Feel the nylon," she ordered.

"Okay, okay," I said, trying to pay attention to the road as well. I moved my right hand to her ankle and gasped. It was easily the softest nylon I had ever felt. "Wow!" Was all I could muster.

"That's what your wife said too," she said, as she again wiggled her toes.

"Mary felt your legs," I asked, the thought of Mary and Mia together causing instant flinching in my pants.

"Yes, I even ordered her a few pairs," she said. "They come from France."

"How international of you," I joked, sounding like an utter moron.

She moved her foot back and asked, "So you like the feel, what else?"

"The look, especially darker colours like mocha, coffee or tan," I continued, disappointed yet thankful that she had moved her leg.

"You're the only man I know that would know there are nylon colours mocha or coffee," she said, impressed.

"I usually buy Mary's nylons," I admitted.

"Now, I do," she shrugged.

"I also like the way they seem to bring a woman's legs and feet to life," I continued, figuring I may as well let her understand my whole fetish.

"Bring them to life?" She repeated.

"Yes, you can accessorize with different colours and styles and I can't explain it, but the nylons make toes sexy," I said, something I almost never admitted to people...as it usually led to teasing or strange looks.

"That is exactly what I say," she agreed. "My toes, painted and perfectly manicured, stand out way more in nylons. I also like that I can choose different colours or styles depending on my mood or outfit."

"Where have you been my whole life?" I joked. Mary tolerated my fetish, but never understood it. Mia was definitely the first to understand my quirky fetish.

"You couldn't handle me," she said, as if challenging me.

"I would have liked to have tried," I countered...Mia a living dream girl.

Changing topics completely she asked, "So if a Shemale hits on you at the wedding?"

I smiled, already answering the question, "I will be her submissive bitch."

"Delicious," Mia smiled widely, before whispering as she began to text someone, "absolutely delicious."

The next hour passed by mostly in silence. Mia texted with someone while I drooled mentally at her legs and feet. I imagine if I were single I could easily get her in bed, yet I would never cheat on Mary...unless she was a Shemale with a big cock. I chuckled to myself as I imagined Mia lifting up her skirt to reveal a big cock.

Arriving at the hotel, she said, "Mary says hi."

"You've been texting Mary this whole time?" I asked.

"Yep," she answered, not giving me anything else.

"What about?" I asked.

"I wanted to clarify her stand on you and a Shemale," she said ominously.

"Because that is so likely to occur tomorrow!" I quipped, surprised by Mia's obsession with my obsession with Shemales.

"Never say never, Robert," she smiled. "Never say never," she repeated as she got out of the car.

Just then I got a text from Mary:

Sexy
I told Mia you indeed have permission to play if a Shemale hits on you.

I texted back:


That seems unlikely.

I got out of the car and was just checking in when Mary replied:

Never say never.

What an eerie word choice, using the identical phrase that Mia had used just a moment earlier.

I checked in and Mia and I were waiting for the elevator when I got another text from Mary:

Do I have permission to play if a woman hits on me?

I quickly text back answering facetiously:

Of course, you can eat cunt...but I want pictures and details.

In the elevator, Mia asked, "Ever get head in an elevator?"

I gasped, as Mia's relentless flirting was driving me crazy. "Can't say I have."

Her eyes spoke volumes as if she was about to drop to her knees and change my answer to that question forever, yet just then I received a text. "Saved by the text," she joked.

Reluctantly, my dick ready to explode in my pants, I checked the text, it was only one word:

Yummy.

Her one word answer was ironic on many levels.

Mia asked, "You have official permission to suck and fuck a Shemale's cock?"

No longer surprised by her bluntness, I answered, "Apparently I do."

"Delicious," she said again, just as we reached our floor.

That night, we both went our separate ways. I met some of the guys for drinks, while Mia went out to go do whatever it is she does.

All night, of course, I couldn't get Mia out of my mind. I got back to the hotel around midnight and was surprised, although I shouldn't have been, and disappointed, although I should have been thankful that the temptation wasn't available, to see that Mia wasn't there.

I went to bed and woke up hours later to Mia coming into the room.

"Morning sunshine," she greeted.

I groggily looked at the clock.

"Oh, morning wood. Is that for me?" she asked.

"They say a cock a day keeps the doctor away," I quipped.

"I hadn't heard that," she laughed. "Although if that is true I am a very, very healthy person."

"Get showered, I need breakfast," she ordered.

"You sound like my wife," I said, my wife bossy and crusty until she has had her breakfast.

"Hurry up," she sighed.

"Again, just like Mary," I said, getting out of bed in only my underwear.

"Huh!" She asked.

"Huh, what?" I asked.

"Just assumed you were a boxers type of guy," she said, checking me out in my briefs, my stiff cock outlined rather well for her to check out.

"Like my junk to be secured," I said.

"Good to know," she smiled, going to the washroom.

I quickly got dressed, still feeling surreal about the whole weekend. There was no doubt the level of flirtation had elevated from playful to something dangerous.

At breakfast, the surprises just kept on coming. After twenty minutes of generic conversation, I asked, "So did you get lucky last night?"

"She did," she answered.

I gasped, surprised after she said she didn't like cunt yesterday, "You're bi?"

She looked directly into my eyes and said, as if challenging me, "I believe everyone is bi...given the opportunity."

My cock hard again because of Mia's naughty words, I asked, "Are you more straight or bi?"

"Depends on the day," she shrugged. "I like to believe I'm an equal opportunist when it comes to pleasure."

"You really are insatiable," I smiled.

"Oh, that is one way to put it," she smiled.

We finished eating in silence before she asked, "Would you like to see the hot little eager slut I fucked last night?" I loved how she talked like a man.

"Sure," I shrugged, trying to not look overly excited when in truth I was dying to see.

She handed me her phone.

I stared at a beautiful blonde who couldn't be more than twenty, on her knees.

I joked, "Is she even out of high school?"

"First year of college," she answered proudly, like a guy would when bragging about his latest conquest.

"Very impressive," I said, approvingly, curious how she seduced her. "How did you get her?"

"I always get what I want," she answered, her eyes again bearing into me. I felt like she was the hunter and I the prey.

I asked, as I adjusted my cock under the table, "Are you ever rejected?"

Never!" she answered, before adding, "would you reject me?"

"Not if I was single," I answered.

She was silent a moment before she stood up and said, "I have fucked a lot of married people too, Robert."

She walked away, allowing her words to linger there, as I processed the rather blunt statement. She had pretty much offered herself to me. Part of me was turned on, Mia is a beautiful woman: yet, another part of me was pissed at her for tempting me, especially because she was good friends with my wife; yet another part of me was pissed at Mary for putting me in this predicament in the first place.

After paying for breakfast, I returned to the hotel room to see Mia sleeping in my bed. I showered and went for a walk, trying to clear my head and resist the temptation.

Did Mary know just how aggressive Mia would be? Was Mia just being incredibly flirtatious or did she have ulterior motives? Was Mary serious about being with another women if the opportunity arose? There were so many strange coincidences that had my head spinning with possibilities and consequences.

Deciding to avoid Mia until the wedding, I went to a nearby bookstore and spent a couple of hours browsing, which is one of the most relaxing things to do. I also probably was the best dressed person at the book store in my suit and tie.

The church, conveniently, was a block from the hotel. I made it with only a few minutes to spare and was waved over by Mia.

I joined her and she quipped, "If I didn't know better I would think you were avoiding me."

"I returned to the room and you were sleeping," I pointed out, as I checked out her ridiculously hot gold dress.

"Fair enough," she agreed.

"Are you dressed for a wedding or prom?" I joked.

"Always outshine the bride," she said, justifying her outfit.

"Well, congratulations, task accomplished," I commented, her breasts outlined perfectly and her legs, in mocha coloured nylons, a perfect touch. The matching five inch gold heels also were hot as hell.

"Oh, thank you," she smiled. "My goal is always to get the women wet and the men hard."

I joked, looking down at the bulge on my pants, "Task again accomplished."

"Delicious," she smiled, her tone, as usual, sexy as hell.

"You're quite the temptress," I whispered.

"I like the term seductress," she corrected.

"I imagine you do," I smiled back, again feeling like helpless prey in the scopes of a hunter.

Just then, the wedding started, and for forty-five minutes I tried to ignore the bulge in my pants and the utter beauty of Mia. Of course, the seductress, knowing my weakness, teased me relentlessly as she dangled her heel on her toes before eventually allowing it to hit the floor.

I gave up trying to listen to the boring speech the minister was giving about the integrity of marriage, as I envisioned cheating, while I stared at Mia's stocking-clad foot.

She leaned over, just as the oaths began, "Ever gotten a nylon foot job?"

My face went beet red as I stammered, "N-n-no."

"Can you imagine what it would feel like?" she asked, her hot breath on my ear driving me crazy.

"I-I-I-um-yeah," I stammered like a blithering fool.

"Delicious," she whispered, slightly tugging on my ear, before moving back to her seat.

Everything up until now had been flirting, albeit over the top, sensual flirting, but now she had crossed the line. I knew staying faithful to Mary was going to take every ounce of courage and conviction I had.

Leaning back over as the newly married couple signed the register, she said, "Can you imagine if the bride surprised the groom tonight by revealing she had a cock?"

I laughed, even as my cock stiffened, "I imagine they have had sex by now."

"Or which of those bridesmaids do you think is most likely to be packing a big juicy cock?" she asked, her hand resting on my leg.

"I hope the redhead," I answered, greatly distracted by her hand just inches from my stiff cock.

"Hmmmmm, I think the brunette," she said, "it's always the one you least expect."

"Is that the Shemale rule?" I asked, distracted.

"Ohhhh, I think so," she purred, moving her hand and squeezing my cock. "You really are a Shemale slut aren't you?"

Just then, the bride and groom began their walk down the aisle as a married couple and she ended her relentless attack on my senses.

As soon as the wedding was over, Mia continued to leave her stocking-clad toes in full view for me, I stood up and said, knowing I had to get away from her before I gave into my carnal desires, "I need to go."

"Where?" She asked, standing up also.

"To give my congratulations," I said.

"Don't leave without me," Mia said.

"Okay," I said, needing to get away from the temptress and seemingly not able to do so.

I visited with co-workers, briefly chatted with the bride and groom and made plans to go to a pub across the street from the hotel for a cocktail or two.

Mia came over and asked the group of men, "Where to now?"

Adam, the single one of our group, answered, "Wherever you want to go."

Mia smiled, her sexy smile, "And where would you take me?"

"To heaven and back," Adam quipped.

Mia laughed, her usual seductive tone dripping with intent, "Oh, I think it would be me taking you to heaven."

"Lead the way," Adam offered.

"I'll take a rain check. Robert is my date for the night," Mia said, putting her arm inside mine.

"You bastard," said Harry, a co-worker who was in a sexless marriage, and an utter asshole.

I joked, knowing Mia would go along with it, "Mary gave me Mia as a weekend present."

"Fuck off," Harry said.

Mia added, playing the role she loved to play, "Oh yes, Robert will be a whole new man when I am through with him tonight."

Harry shook his head, "Lucky fucker."

Mia quipped, "Stress the fucker."

Gus, the oldest in our group, said, "Get a room, then."

"We have one, don't we stud?" Mia said dripping with innuendo.

"That we do my little slut," I said, praying I wasn't pushing it too far.

Mia quickly countered, "Oh no, no, tonight you're the slut."

"I can't watch this anymore," Harry protested.

Adam added. "I'd love to watch."

Mia grabbed my hand and said, "Let's go, I'm hungry for an appetizer."

Adam quipped, "Come with me and you can have the full meal deal."

Mia quipped right back, "I don't eat from the kids' menu."

"Oh shit, she got you there," Harry roared.

Mia led me away and said, "That was fun."

"You made me a legend," I said, not looking back.

"Oh I meant it, I need a snack," she said.

I stammered, "W-w-what do you mean."

"I'll show you," she said as she led me towards the hotel.

I protested, "I can't cheat on Mary."

"What if she gave you permission?" she asked.

"She wouldn't," I countered.

"She already gave you permission to fuck a Shemale," she pointed out.

"Because that is an unlikely scenario," I replied, clearly overwhelmed with Mia's aggressive approach.

"And you gave her permission to lez out," she countered.

"Because that is hot," I said, imagining Mary eating cunt.

"And I'm not?" Mia pouted, even though she knew that wasn't what I meant.

"You're fucking gorgeous," I said bewildered. "That is the fucking problem. I can't believe Mary put me in this situation."

"What situation?" she asked, as we reached the hotel.

"Resisting you," I said exasperated. "Did she know you were going to go on a full frontal attack?"

"And what if she did?" she asked, as she stopped me in front of the elevator and turned to look at me eye to eye.

"Pardon?" I questioned, Mia's question stopping me in my tracks.

"What if I told you this was all Mary's idea?" she asked, her eyes drawing me in, her lips pulling me in, her scent weakening my resistance.

"I'd call bullshit," I said, using every piece of strength I had to not just give in to this woman.

"I'll prove it," she said, pressing the elevator button.

"How?" I asked, curious and yet still not believing.

"It will be easier to show you," she said, her tone so ominous that I was dying to find out, as the elevator door opened.

She pulled me in and when another couple began to come onto the elevator Mia said firmly, "Take the next one."

The look on their faces was one of total shock, as I imagined mine was, but they backed out.

As soon as the door was closed, she ordered me, in a shocking firm and dominant voice, "On your knees, Robert."

"What?" I asked.

"Now!" she demanded, putting her hands on my shoulders and pushing me to the floor.

I was in complete shock only to have my shock doubled as Mia hiked up her dress and said, "Here is your proof."

I gasped as I stared at a big cock outlined in her pantyhose. I stammered, "Y-y-you're a-a-a Shemale?"

"Go ahead, Robert," she offered, "Make your cocksucking fantasy a reality."

"Mary knew this?" I asked, even though the answer seemed obvious. I stared at her big stiff cock encased perfectly in pantyhose...which made it even hotter.

"Not only did she know it, she knows of your obsession for Shemales. You really should delete your porn browser," she revealed. When I didn't speak, so overwhelmed by the shocking revelations, she added, "So Mary decided to make your fantasy a reality...twice," Mia revealed.

"T-t-twice," I stammered, the situation so surreal I couldn't come to grips with my reality.

"One of you being dominated by a Shemale and two of your wife submitting to a lesbian," she answered.

So many questions to ask in regards to just one sentence as I came to the realization that Mary had obviously planned this...which made it even hotter. I had the best wife ever.

She said, "Time to change the answer to that earlier elevator question. Pull my pantyhose down and retrieve your special surprise."

"Here?" I asked, still frozen in shock.

"No better time than the present," Mia said.

I stared at her big cock, still unable to move even though I could feel my mouth water. Her cock looked so beautiful and enticing encased in the dark pantyhose.

"Go ahead," she purred. "Become my cocksucker."

Somehow being called a cocksucker was the final straw needed to cross the invisible line that was between fantasy and reality. Reading stories on Literotica, the word cocksucker had always gotten me hard, although I couldn't explain it. Yet now, the name-calling directed at me, something I had fantasied about but never imagined actually happening to me (except for Mary's name calling last week), brought me full circle. I moved closer, my hands trembling, as I tugged down Mia's pantyhose to her knees, releasing her massive cock.

"Good boy, Robert," she purred, "Now become my cocksucker, just like your wife."

I looked up again surprised, "My wife? You have been with my wife?"

"I'm just kidding," she smiled, relishing the power she had over me. "But she did promise I could fuck her after I fucked you."

"F-f-fucked me?" I stammered as I came to grips with her full intent.

"You're my bitch this weekend," she revealed, as she shoved her cock in my mouth.

I had wondered for months what it would be like to have a cock in my mouth. Writers make it sound so life-changing, and dammit they're right. As she pumped her hard eight inch cock into my mouth, all I could think of was pleasing her. I wanted to be a good cocksucker. I wanted to make her come. I wanted to taste her cum.

Unfortunately, her cock wasn't in my mouth for more than ten seconds when the elevator slowed down and Mia pulled out, pulled her pantyhose back up and quipped, "To be continued."

I looked up at her from my subservient position on my knees in a daze.

She laughed, "Stand up, cocksucker. Don't worry, you will be back on your knees in a couple of minutes."

I stood up just as the door opened at our floor.

"Let's go cocksucker, you need to finish what you barely started," she said, grabbing my hand and leading me out of the elevator and to our hotel room.

I followed like a puppy, my head spinning with shock and excitement. Once in the room, Mia got out of her dress, tugged her pantyhose back down, sat on the edge of the bed, and ordered, "Get over here, cocksucker."

I obeyed, accepting that I was going to do this, accepting that Mary had set up this crazy situation.

I moved between her legs and dropped to my knees, her big cock staring me straight in the face.

"Get sucking, cocksucker," Mia ordered.

I leaned forward and took her cock back in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around her mushroom top, teasing her like Mary usually teased me. It felt so surreal being on my knees servicing Mia, and yet it seemed equally natural.

"That's it, Robert, worship my cock," she moaned.

Hearing my name instead of cocksucker made the submission feel more real as Mary popped into my head. Yet, obviously my wife had planned this moment. So instead I just focused on giving my first ever blow job. Slowly, I began taking more of her cock in my mouth, taking a couple inches in.

"Take more, cocksucker," she ordered, her hands going through my hair.

I obeyed as I began bobbing back and forth, taking a bit more in my mouth with each forward movement. As I continued sucking, I was surprised when I heard Mia talking.

"Eaten any cunt yet?" she asked.

I froze.

"Keep cocksucking, Robert," she ordered.

I did, as I assumed she was talking to my wife while I sucked her.

Mia continued, "Just a minute, I will put you on speakerphone."

My eyes went wide at the reality that my wife was now going to be a listening witness to my first cocksucking experience.

"Can you hear me?" Mia asked.

"Loud and clear," Mary replied.

"So your husband looks really hot with a cock in his mouth," Mia said.

"I bet he does," Mary replied, "Be sure to send me a picture."

"Good idea," Mia agreed. "Just a second."

"Sure," Mary said.

Mia ordered, "Pose, cocksucker."

I looked up, over half her cock in my mouth, as Mia snapped a photo. The moment was utterly humiliating and yet equally exhilarating, knowing it was for my wife.

"Nice," Mia smiled, before ordering, "Now get back to sucking, bitch."

I obeyed, continuing my descent into cocksucking submission, as Mia returned to conversing with my wife.

"Sent, sexy," Mia said sultry.

"Great," Mary said. "Was it as easy as you thought it would be?"

"Like taking candy from a baby," Mia replied, clearly confident in her power over me.

"Oh my," Mary said, "he looks fucking hot with your cock in his mouth."

"He is a natural," Mia commented, as her hand went to the back of my head.

"So it seems," Mary laughed, before speaking to me. "I hope you're enjoying yourself, Sweetie."

Mia tapped my head and I took her cock out of my mouth as I answered, "I can't believe you set this up."

"I can't believe all these years you wanted to suck cock and never told me," Mary countered.

"I-I-I haven't always wanted to suck cock," I stammered.

"Well, you're a cocksucker now," Mary said.

"Are you a cunt-licker yet?" I asked.

"You will have to wait to find out," Mary said, "now get back to sucking Mia."

"Yes, honey," I answered, as I leaned forward and took Mia's cock back between my lips, more determined than ever to take all eight inches in my mouth.

As I hungrily bobbed on Mia's cock, Mia continued her conversation with my wife. "So, this means I get your ass now, right?"

"A promise is a promise," Mary said, her tone implying she was eager to allow that to happen.

"I am going to make you my little slut," Mia promised.

"I can't wait," Mary purred.

Mia said to me, "Play your cards right, cocksucker, and you may get to watch."

Mary laughed, "I want to watch him get your big cock ready for me."

"Hmmmm," Mia purred, "you're a nasty wife."

"That I am," Mary said, before saying, "I need to go. Photos start in ten."

"I expect you to be eating cunt tonight," Mia said demandingly.

"That's the plan," Mary replied.

"Good. Have fun," Mia teased.

"You too," Mary laughed, before adding, "Have fun too, Robert."

I wanted to respond, but Mia held my head on her cock, and responded for me, "Oh, he will."

Their conversation done, Mia returned her focus to me. "That's it cocksucker, I expect all my cock in that pretty mouth of yours."

I moaned in response, now taking six inches with each forward bob.

"I can't wait to tap your ass, Robert," Mia continued. "I plan to fuck you like a cheap little slut."

The naughty trash talk only enhanced my eagerness, as my cock begged to be released from my pants.

"Tell me how much you love my cock, Robert," she ordered.

I reluctantly took her cock out of my mouth, looked up at her to see she was filming my submission, and answered, "I love your big, hard cock."

"And you want my cum?" she asked.

"God, yes," I moaned, curious to discover what it felt like to have cum sprayed in my mouth.

"And how about your ass, cocksucker," Mia continued, tapping her cock on my lips, "Do you want me to fuck that ass of yours?"

Although I had some trepidation about getting ass fucked, I had long resolved that I was Mia's bitch this weekend as I stammered, "I-I-If you want."

She laughed, standing up, "If I want? You are such a cock tease."

She shoved her cock in my mouth, held my head with both hands, and fucked my face. All eight inches were forcefully slammed into me and all I focused on was not gagging as I was roughly face fucked.

Her balls bounced off my chin, which only made my sexual submission hotter.

"I plan to fuck you and your wife whenever I want," Mia informed me, as she continued to pound my face.

The idea of Mia fucking Mary turned me on as I moaned on her cock.

"You want me to fuck your wife, don't you?" she asked, although I couldn't answer with her cock fucking my face.

After a few more strokes in my mouth, Mia grunted and warned, "I'm coming, cocksucker."

Seconds later, I felt her cum shoot in my mouth as she slowed down her deep thrusts. I eagerly swallowed her surprisingly tasty cum as shot after shot of her seed was deposited in my mouth.

Eventually, she pulled out of my mouth and complimented me. "You are a natural cocksucker, Robert."

"Thanks," I absurdly said, still on my knees.

Pulling her pantyhose back up, she said, "We should probably meet your buddies at the bar."

My cock begging for attention, I replied disappointingly, "Oh, I suppose."

She laughed, "Oh don't worry, Robert, I will let you fuck me tonight, but all good things come to those who wait."

"Okay," I nodded, disappointed, yet excited at the promise of sex later.

"Let's go," Mia ordered, "I could use a drink."

I joked, standing up, "Um, could I have a second to let the snake go to slumber."

Mia moved to me, her hand going directly to my crotch, "Is this for me?"

"It is a full scale salute," I quipped, trying to be witty.

"Hmmmmmm, maybe I could have a snack," she said, dropping to her knees.

I held my breath as I looked down at this ravenous beauty, her hand firmly on my stiff cock. After a brief moment, which felt like an eternity, she stood back up, deflating me, as she said, "I think I'll wait."

"You bitch," I quipped.

"That I am," she smiled, giving my cock one more firm squeeze and saying, "Let's go."

"Yes, Mistress," I sarcastically replied.

"Hmmmmm, Mistress, I like that," she smiled, walking out of the room.

In the elevator, Mia dropped to her knees, fished out my cock and said, "Maybe just a quick sample."

She devoured all six inches of my cock in one forward bob.

I groaned, my long neglected cock finally getting the pleasure it had long desired.

Mia bobbed back and forth for a few seconds before standing back up and saying, "Just enough to wet my appetite."

"Just enough to give me blue balls," I countered, reluctantly putting my cock back in my pants.

"What doesn't kill you makes you stronger," she countered back.

"That is what I am afraid of," I shot back, not sure my cock or my heart could handle the sexual roller coaster ride I was currently on.

"Yes, but what a way to go," she smiled.

"Touché," I nodded.

We made our way to the bar and joined the guys. The next hour was full of drinking and the usual bull shit, the only exciting thing being Mia's hand that roamed freely, constantly teasing me.

Frank finally said, "Shit, we're going to be late!"

We downed our drinks, mine being the fourth I had in just over an hour, and made our way back to the hotel ballroom.

The dinner went without incident, Mia not once touching my cock or making any sexual comments, instead behaving herself with the other couples around us. She even took part in the idle chit chat with the women at the table...all of whom knew that Mia wasn't my wife. Mia, being the polite woman made it clear we were just friends, not wanting to taint my, or Mary's, image in this exclusive, uppity group of women.

When Ken's wife Carrie, a beautiful redhead, excused herself to go to the washroom, Mia whispered, "Time to teach this bitch a lesson."

My mouth dropped open at Mia's intent as she said politely, "I think I'll join you."

I watched as Mia left apparently planning to seduce the vice-President's wife. My cock, which had finally calmed down, instantly jumped to attention at the thought. Carrie was hot, but a complete pretentious bitch. The woman Mary hated the most. I instantly wondered if Mary had anything to do with this.

I texted Mary:

Did you have anything to do with Mia trying to seduce Carrie?

A moment later, Mary replied:

Maybe.

Another text followed:

Want to see what I've been up to since photos?

I quickly texted back:

With a question like that the answer is, of course, yes.

A moment later, which felt like an eternity, a photo came. It was a picture of Mary between a woman's legs, her tongue licking a hairy cunt.

I texted back, my cock again rock hard:

Oh my! Who??????

A text back only enhanced my intrigue:

Someone you know.

I texted back, hating not knowing...a few women I knew all popping into my head:

Stop being so cryptic. Whose cunt are you eating?

I didn't get a response which only fueled my imagination. If it was someone I knew that limited it to only a few people. It was unlikely to be the bride, Jenny, because the thigh highs were tan and the bride assumedly wore white. The other three in the wedding party though I had met. Jenny's younger sister Amber, the maid of honour was very hot. Kimberly and Diane, the other two bridesmaids were friends from high school. It couldn't be Kimberly, as she was larger framed than the legs in the picture. Diane, on the other hand, was a good looking blonde with fake tits. Yet, I couldn't fathom them risking their friendship over sex. Yet, after the past few hours anything was possible.

I texted back:

???

Yet, I didn't get a response, which frustrated me...as I continued staring at my phone, I forgot all about Mia and Carrie...until they came back.

Carrie's face was ruby red and she looked completely humiliated.

I asked, trying to stir the pot and gauge her reaction. "You okay, Carrie? You look flushed."

She stammered, "I-I-I'm fine."

Mia, returning to her seat beside me, added, "More adequate than fine truth be told."

I barely held in a laugh as I knew exactly what she was saying...Carrie was a shitty cocksucker or lay, but her husband gave a perplexed look. Luckily, he had been married long enough to not ask questions to which he didn't want to have to pay attention to the answer.

Carrie's face went redder, as I added, "I hope you're better than fine."

Mia squeezed my cock, as she leaned in and whispered, "She is walking around with my cum leaking out of her cunt." She opened her purse to show me a pair of panties.

I smiled, "Oh my."

"I already sent a picture to Mary," she revealed.

"She isn't responding to my texts," I said.

"Probably eating cunt again," she said nonchalantly.

"How do you know?" I asked.

"She sent me a picture," she shrugged.

"Do you know who?" I asked desperately.

"No," Mia shrugged her shoulders.

I sighed, "She is driving me nuts."

"I think it is almost time for you to play with my nuts," she quipped.

"Didn't you just shoot a load?" I asked.

"True," she said. "Plus, I want you to really want it."

"What?" I asked, even though I knew what she was going to say,

"Me to take your anal cherry," she said.

"I better have a few more drinks," I said, hoping some liquid courage would dull the inevitable pain.

"Don't get too drunk," Mia warned, standing up. "I want you lucid when I pound that tight ass of yours."

Before I could respond, she was gone and I finished my drink.

Over the next two hours, I checked my phone for the reply from Mary that wouldn't come, even though I texted her a dozen times and called her twice; I also had four more drinks, danced with Mia a few times and visited with a few co-workers. The whole time, I kept waiting for Mia to say it was time.

Interestingly enough, the longer Mia waited to make me her bitch, the more I wanted it. I watched her dancing with others, flirting with the younger men and chatting with some women and I was always jealous. I wanted her to myself.

Deciding fuck it, I walked over to her and whispered, "Its time."

"Time for what?" She asked, all innocent.

"You know," I answered, not sure I could say it.

"I might," she said coyly, "but I want to make sure we're both on the same wave length."

I leaned in, even though the music was too loud for anyone to hear me, and whispered, "I want you to take my ass."

"Hmmmmmm," she purred.

"Mens' bathroom in five minutes," she said.

"Can't we go up to the room?" I asked, not liking the possibility of getting caught being sodomized.

"We could," she nodded, giving me a brief glimmer of hope, before saying, "but we won't."

I knew I was so completely under her spell, I was going to do whatever she told me to, but I pleaded, "Please, I'll do anything."

"I know you will," Mia smiled, before firmly saying, "Men's bathroom, five minutes." She walked away, signalling the conversation was over.

...

Five minutes was an eternity, both because of excitement, I couldn't wait to get fucked by her and trepidation as I was scared shitless (pun intended) to get fucked by her and doubly scared to be caught in the act of anal submission. Yet, again I was completely at the whim of this Shemale goddess...willing to risk my career to obey.

I reached the bathroom and Mia smiled, "Ready to get ass fucked?"

"Yes," I answered sheepishly, the question making my cock flinch.

"I also know who your wife's weekend Mistress is," Mia smiled.

"Who?" I immediately asked.

"Be a good ass slut and I may tell you," she smiled in her usual sultry voice.

"Fuck, you make everything sound so sexy," I said.

"Euthanasia," she said the dark word in the same sexy voice.

"Yep, everything," I nodded, my cock dying for attention.

"Time to take that cherry," she said.

"You know just how to woo a man," I joked, enjoying her bluntness.

"Go check if the bathroom is free, cocksucker," she smiled.

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, just as Matthew, another colleague, walked past us and into the men's washroom.

"I guess that answers that," she smiled. "It's okay, I just wanted to see how far you were willing to go to become an ass slut."

"I'm completely at your whim," I admitted, thankful that she maybe wasn't going to make my sodomy public.

"Delicious," she smiled, "I have a better place to break in that man cunt of yours."

She grabbed my hand and led me to the elevator as I tried to come to grips with the term 'man cunt'.

In the elevator, she pressed the penthouse floor, which surprised me, before she dropped to her knees, fished out my cock and sucked me furiously. Although Mary was a great cocksucker, Mia did something with her tongue I couldn't explain. After less than thirty seconds, I blame it on all the teasing of the day, I warned, "I'm going to cum."

Her hand went to my ass and as her finger entered my asshole, I shot my load down her throat.

"Oh fuuuuck," I grunted, as she kept her finger lodged in my ass and kept bobbing hungrily on my cock.

After a few more seconds, the elevator began slowing down, Mia stood up, smiled and said, "I expect you to last a long longer now."

"I imagine that is possible," I nodded, putting my cock away. The thought of fucking her ass still enough to get me revved up again.

The elevator door opened and I followed her. We entered a huge suite with a hot tub, wine chilled on ice and a heart shaped bed. This was obviously the honeymoon suite. I protested, "We shouldn't be here."

"Get naked," Mia ordered, ignoring my protest.

"But this is my boss's suite," I pointed out.

"Now, or I go find another bitch to fuck," she ordered impatiently.

Knowing I was indeed her bitch, I silently obeyed.

Once naked, she ordered, as she hiked up her dress and tugged down her pantyhose, "Come get my cock ready for that man cunt of yours."

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, looking forward to having her cock in my mouth again.

On my knees in front of her, I took her semi-erect cock in her mouth, which had a strange taste to it.

Mia, as if reading my mind, asked, "Can you taste that bitch's cunt on my cock?"

"Yes," I admitted, the taste instantly making sense.

"Although I bet when I make her suck my cock again later tonight the taste of my cock will be even more distinct," Mia quipped.

I asked, taking her cock out of my mouth, "How many times can you come?"

"I'm the energizer fucker," she smiled, shoving her almost completely erect cock in my mouth.

She slowly fucked my mouth as she continued, "I can't wait to fuck Mary. She has resisted my aggressive flirtation for years, but she promised if I took your cunt, I could have hers."

I wanted to speak, to clarify, but her cock sliding in and out of my mouth didn't allow it.

She continued, "Plus, Mary has sent me more pictures and has given me permission to show you photos of her weekend Mistress."

My cock flinched at the thought of Mary having a Mistress.

Pulling out of my mouth, she asked, "Ready to be ass fucked, my cute little cocksucker?"

Her words were absurd, yet so was my answer, as I replied eagerly, "Yes, Mistress."

"Yes, Mistress, what?" She questioned, her fully erect cock pointed right at me.

"Yes, Mistress, I want you to fuck my ass, my man-cunt. I want you to make me your bitch," I admitted, each self-derogatory word getting me hornier...making me feel like a little slut.

"And your wife?" She asked, looking down at me.

"Her mouth, cunt and ass are yours too," I eagerly offered, assuming based on this new knowledge she would be okay with it.

"She will be delighted to hear that," Mia said rather matter-of-factly.

"Did she really say she would let you fuck her if you fucked me?" I asked, although I already knew the answer.

"Of course, she did. She orchestrated this whole thing. I don't really know the bride. I just came here to make you my bitch." she revealed.

"M-M-Mary planned the whole thing?" I stammered, surprised.

"It was all her idea," Mia confirmed.

"Wow!" I said, realizing once again that I had the best wife ever.

"Now go bend over the bed," she ordered. "It's time to make you squeal."

Her matter-of-fact attitude somehow turned me on as I obeyed, standing up, walking a few feet and bending over, offering my virgin ass to a Shemale.

She followed me as she said, "You really have a cute ass."

"Thank you," I said, flattered by the compliment.

She went to her purse, pulled out a small bottle of what I figured was lube as she playfully said, mocking the old MasterCard commercials, "Never leave home without it."

I laughed, "I'm happy you have some."

I felt her hands on my ass cheeks as she pulled them apart. I felt excessive liquid on my ass and then a finger poking inside me. It burned slightly. "Shit, you have one tight man-cunt."

I replied, with slight trepidation, "I imagine that won't be true once you are done with me."

She laughed as she wiggled her finger around, "That is a guarantee. Are you ready to become a bitch?"

"Yes," I answered, nervously.

"An ass slut?" She continued.

"Yes, Mistress," I agreed, the name-calling turning me on.

She pulled her finger out and without any warning slammed her cock in me.

"Fuuuuuck," I screamed, as my ass was ripped in two.

"As you wish," she agreed, as she held onto my hips and pounded my ass relentlessly.

I couldn't believe such pain could exist and yet a strange numbness transcended over me as I accepted I was indeed her bitch.

She promised, "Don't worry, cocksucker, eventually the pain will go away and an addicting pleasure will consume you."

"I hopppppe so," I whimpered, through clenched teeth, though not convinced she was right.

Thankfully...eventually...after a few minutes of getting used to being fucked deep and hard...she proved to be right. Slowly, I got used to the massive cock in me, and as I relaxed slightly, the pain slowly faded and a new unexplainable pleasure slowly replaced it. My cock, which had shrivelled like a raisin, slowly grew again.

Mia noticed and quipped, "My little faggot is getting hard from getting ass fucked."

Although I had sucked cock and was currently taking a cock in my ass, the word 'faggot' was a shock. Since she had tits, I had never considered my submission as gay, but rather a twisted kink. Yet, the harsh reality was I had taken a cock, albeit a Shemale cock, in both my mouth and ass.

When I didn't answer, she asked, "Does my little faggot like getting ass fucked?"

By now, the pleasure was growing, the pain almost gone and I answered honestly, "Yes, Mistress."

"You will be a good little cock slut, won't you?" She asked.

"For you, yes Mistress," I clarified, not wanting to be a cock slut for a man.

"What about Mary's big strap-on?" she asked.

"Mary has a strap-on?" I asked back.

"I bought her one a few months ago with the promise I would one day let her use it on me," Mia revealed, before adding, "but she resisted me until I made you an ass slut...which I think I have achieved."

"T-t-that you have," I moaned, as the pleasure shooting directly to my fully erect cock began to get more intense. I desperately wanted to stroke my cock.

"You're close to coming, aren't you?" she correctly noticed.

"Yes," I admitted, embarrassed I was getting turned on by getting ass fucked.

"Only real faggots come from getting anally reamed," Mia said, before ordering, "bounce that ass of yours on my cock, faggot. Get yourself off without touching yourself."

I didn't even hesitate, the idea of fucking myself a ridiculous turn-on.

"That's it faggot, become a good ass slut. Come like a sissy bitch," as she continued the verbal assault.

"Ooh, yes," I moaned, the mixture of name calling, submissive humiliation and an ass filled with cock, bringing undeniable, unexplainable pleasure to my very being.

"Right now Mary is getting ass fucked by her new teenage mistress," she announced.

Looking back, I saw Mia was looking at her phone as I rode her cock. The word 'teenage Mistress' was yet another shock to my bewildered mind. I repeated her words, "Teenage Mistress?"

"Apparently she is getting quite the work out," she said, turning her phone around and showing me a picture of Mary with a strap-on half in her, thigh high tan legs behind her.

"Oh shit," I gasped, both at the photo and the pleasure that made my cock ache with need.

"Want to see more?" Mia asked, teasingly.

"God, yes," I moaned, wondering if it was possible to come without having my cock touched.

"You want to see your wife being used by other women and made into a submissive lesbian?" she questioned.

"God, yes," I repeated, my cock pulsing like it would explode any second.

Mia changed the picture. This time it showed Mary's face buried between white nylon-clad legs while she was still being fucked from behind.

She added to the awe of the visual as she said, "Apparently her young mistress gave your wife to the bride as a present."

I gasped, as I realized that Jenny had a teenage daughter and that Mary was eating one of her best friends' cunt while being ass fucked by her daughter...Angela. Angela was a beautiful young woman I had met a few times, but not since she had come of age.

I stammered, "A-A-Angela is her teen Mistress?"

"So it seems," she agreed, as she continued to ravage my ass.

"Fuuuuuuck," I screamed like a bitch in heat as I felt my cock pulsing like it was coming but without actual coming...causing great frustration.

"I want you to come from being ass-fucked, slut," she ordered.

"So close, but I can't," I whined.

"Imagine me fucking your wife's ass while she eats out Karen," she said.

Karen was our next door neighbour's daughter who had just graduated high school with a full ride to Harvard. She was the poster girl for cute girl next door.

"Ooooooh," I groaned, my cock continuing to twitch.

"Or maybe as I pound your backdoor, Karen is underneath with her lips around your cock," Mia added.

"Oh fuck, shit, aaaaaah," I babbled, my cock aching with need.

"Or maybe, I get the wedding party boys to come up here and take turns spit-roasting my new faggot," She added.

The idea mortified me, yet made my cock pulse more, as I protested, "Please, no."

"You have ten seconds to shoot your load without touching your cock or I get reinforcements, my slut," she threatened.

"Tell me what you are going to do to Mary," I begged, hoping that would do the trick.

"Oh I plan to fuck all three of her holes while you watch," Mia said, her tone implying this was already planned. "I also plan to fuck your tight man-cunt in front of her while you are dressed in her wedding dress."

My cock continued twitching, pulsing, trying desperately to break the invisible seal holding back the inevitable eruption.

"Then I'll make you go to work with my cum in your ass and on your face," she added, before pushing me over the brink, "As I collar you as my cocksucking, ass taking, cum wearing, wife sharing, faggot."

"Fuuuuuck," I screamed, as cum exploded out of my cock and onto the edge of the bed.

"You fucking faggot," she belittled, before adding, "coming like a girl."

"Soooooo goooood," I whimpered, the most intense orgasm in my life ripping through me.

"I know," she smugly acknowledged as she pulled out, roughly pushed me to my knees and shoved her cock in my mouth. The act of sucking a cock just in my ass, added to my humiliation, yet I eagerly bobbed on her cock hungry for cum...my ass suddenly feeling empty.

In less than a minute I felt her cum spray in my mouth and I eagerly swallowed another load of her delicious cum, something I hoped I would be doing more of in the future.

Pulling out, she pulled me up and kissed me hard. Breaking the kiss, she asked, her dominant persona gone, "Was it everything you fantasized it would be?"

"And more," I nodded, completely taken by her.

"Everything I said was true," she said. "I do plan to fuck your wife and fuck you in front of her."

"I hope so," I nodded.

"Good," she nodded. "Let's get back to the wedding, I still need to test Carrie's obedience."

I followed her back to the wedding, my cum drying on the blankets of the honeymoon suite.

As we descended in the elevator, Mia said, her tone dripping with sexy promise, "Robert, this is just the beginning."

"Yes, Mistress," I nodded, looking forward to still take her ass and having her be a part of a crazy threesome with my wife and me.

Returning to the wedding, Mia whispered in my ear, "I'll meet you later in the room."

I watched her walk directly to Carrie before calling Mary.

On the fourth ring Mary answered.

I spoke before she could, "So, Angela is your Mistress?"

The voice that responded wasn't my wife, instead it was Angela who said, "Yes I am, and your wife is my pet."

I stammered, "A-A-Angela."

"Your wife is tied up right now...literally," Angela replied.

"Oh," I said, yet another shock.

"Can I give her a message?" Angela asked.

"Ummmm," I paused, unsure what to say. "Have her give me a call when you are done with her, please."

Angela agreed, "Will do, Mr. Jordan."

"Thanks," I said, the word sounding absurd.

"No problem, Mr. Jordan," she said all cheery.

"Have a good night," I said.

"Ohhhh, I plan to," she answered ominously, before hanging up.

I watched Mia talking with Carrie, curious what they were talking about. I pondered how Mary was tied up. As I wondered if I was going to get to fuck Mia's ass tonight.

My head spinning, my cock beginning to grow again, I got a text.

I clicked on it and gasped at the photo:

My wife was on a bed with her hands handcuffed, her legs spread open with a young girl I didn't know fucking her face with a strap-on, another young girl with another strap on was on the other side waiting her turn, while written on her tits in what looked like lipstick were the words 'Teen cunt slave'.

My cock suddenly stiff again, I looked over to see Mia leading Carrie away to the elevator. My mind spinning with opportunity, I followed, thinking maybe I could watch the bitch be used.

The end

