The Priestess of the Night
byLiver96©

Apologies for delay... A new round of my favorite thematic, Ancient History. Another shemale on male story, a little darker and rougher than the previous one (A Greek Woman In The Trojan Palace), a lot of betrayal and dishonesties in this one. Again, this conception is not intended to be strictly stick to Official History and Tradition, big thanks to my friend Thanos for the help (specially the final location, was a pain in the ass). There's an insignificant possibility this one has a sequel, depending some factors; time most important, since Cycling season has started and between races and training, no much time... Here we go.

*****

Humans have concerned about religion, since the origin of civilizations. From Sumer to Egypt, Babylon, Greece, and many others, every nation had its own god or gods (depending the culture, and other factors), but, what kind of sacrifices were made for the good of society? Back in 1.557 B.C, the Near East was in relative calm, the hittites domination was in its peak and egyptians were becoming stronger to challenge them. The canaanites were divided between them, north and center was part of the Hittite Empire and just a small region in the south was part of the Egyptian Empire, then egyptians claimed almost the whole country to protect their commercial routes coming out of Egypt, the border was established 27 miles south of Kedesh canaanite. A strong and long dry season was affecting the region in that time, sow and harvest were minimal, all towns and old cities were suffering.

Ashtaroth wasn't the exception. This small village, close to Yarmouk River, had an immemorial cult to Ashtoreth, goddess of the Moon and harvest, and part of the people also served the Sun in a humble population of 15,000 souls. One of those souls was outside the town, a young man called Dogannu. He was a tall and thin man, 23 years old, dark short curly hair, tanned skin (by sun exposure), had also a mole in his left cheek and small beard. Dogannu was in the family farm, trying to harvest something, but there wasn't a lot of vegetables to gather to fill his bag. He sighed and packing his tools inside the bag he returned to the town.

He was cursing in his mind, blaming Baal for not giving the rain for their land and Ashtoreth, for not helping out with the harvest. But, although Dogannu believed that, his mother and especially his stepfather never accepted an insult to their deities. Sun was pretty high in the sky and burning, the young man looked up and saw the star, "Damn you, you are burning my skin, stop it" he said angry. The sun ignored Dogannu and even raised its brightness, "Fuck you, stupid god. You are worthless," Dogannu complained again while getting closer to Ashtaroth.

Dogannu's hometown was poor before the beginning of dry season, and nowadays was worse. Considering the town had no walls, it was normal to see groups of desert bandits attacking the few commercial buildings and stores to steal food or any object, particularly metals. So Ashtaroth mostly had mud or adobe houses and buildings, streets were dusty, crowded and tough. Only the temples of Ashtoreth and Sun were made of stone, and well-decorated, to worship the gods correctly.

To be fair with Dogannu, he didn't hate the gods, but the situation in his homeland wasn't exactly the best, also his father died in the war against the hittites, so his mother Mirlya got married again, and he never felt the presence of the gods during his tragedies. He walked through the main street and went into a small one full of sellers, who were approaching lack of harvest to earn good money and souls for products, mostly food. After getting out of the crowded part of the street, he reached a less crowded zone of it, with humble two-floor houses, he saw an auburn haired woman in one of them and got closer.

"Finally you're back, where have you been?" Mirlya said. Besides her auburn straight hair, Dogannu's mother was tall, slender body, small tits and round little butt. But the most attractive attribute was her eyes, left was blue and right was green. She saw her son's bag full of tools and no food in it, after a few seconds he answered her question, "I was in the farm, obviously. Nothing there..." he sighed.

"Oh no, I hoped Ashtoreth's help. I offered a lot of sacrifices the last two months," she said bit sad.

"Mother, she won't help us. The gods won't help us, three years waiting for rain and harvest and nothing," Dogannu reproached.

"Don't say that again, I don't want to hear that. She will help us for sure, you better apologize or something worse will come over this family and town," Mirlya said annoyed.

"Whatever... I'll go back inside, going to clean up," he said and left his mother in the door.

He entered and left his bag in a corner, then Dogannu went backside and cleaned the food pots and removed the dust off his beloved knife. Thereafter the man disemboweled one of the lambs and put it into one of the pots and place the pot on fire. He called out his mother and she stayed there to cook the food, Mirlya did the thing while her son was outside of the house, watching people barking around when food was the topic.

She called him when food was ready, both ate it in silence, Mirlya thanked Ashtoreth for the lamb and Dogannu sighed, upset. But when she was about to reprimand him, a man showed up from the street, carrying a fur bag in his left hand that was dripping out something like blood, and an axe in his right covered in blood. The man was obviously Mirlya's husband, Hanoth, tall, strong, black eyes and hair, long, he was a ferocious philistine warrior who didn't know the meaning of the word "manners". He was wearing a fur tunic, he put the bag on the table and showed a man's head, Mirlya squawked shocked and Dogannu avoided looking at it.

"This bastard insulted you in my presence, at the slaves' market. I made sure he won't do it again," Hanoth informed.

"Oh Hanoth! Stop doing this, put it away, we are eating," Mirlya complained to her husband.

"Woman, HE INSULTED YOU, I just defended my woman's reputation," Hanoth argued in his defense, without taking away the head of the table.

"Put that thing away, you heard her," Dogannu said to Hanoth and the man placed his axe on the table, angry.

"Don't provoke me, I'm not like your father. When I talk, you remain in silence, understood?" Hanoth said and Dogannu stayed quiet, "Did I made myself clear?" he barked aggressively and Dogannu nodded.

"Its ok, thanks for defending my honor," Mirlya said trying to lower down the tension but Hanoth wasn't exactly done.

"I didn't hear you boy, did I made myself clear?" he repeated.

"Yes sir," Dogannu answered.

"Thank Sun and El I am in good mood now, otherwise..." Hanoth said and put his hand on the head. He put it back to his bag and went outside, to bury the head in the backyard.

Hanoth returned and ate his lunch with them. A tense silence invaded the atmosphere, Dogannu from time to time watched him eating, and his mother in a submissive attitude serving him; that was one of the things he disliked of Hanoth, but he remained in silence. His stepfather finished his lunch and stood up, Mirlya followed him, she always cleaned Hanoth's hands after any food; Dogannu finished some minutes later and grabbing his knife, he went outside the house.

He walked away of his home, following the market street and turning left. He skipped thousands people that were moving around in the market, or just staring at nothing in particular, when a woman's scream filled the air. Everyone paralyzed, and then a group of desert bandits appeared, wiping any unlucky person close. Dogannu held tight his knife, and suddenly he was fighting with one of the attackers, the young man did a quick move and his blade cut the bandit's throat. Exhausted after the short fight, Dogannu sat his young ass in the floor, while watching everyone, the attackers left the town quickly and people attended any injured fellow or checked their goods.

Dogannu stood up and moved, now that the madness was over, he was back to his own indifference. His latest worries about what to do, came back to his thoughts, the only thing attaching him to Ashtaroth was his mother, now married to that brutish Hanoth; he heard that far west, across the Great Sea, there were better lands without dry season and low population. Unfortunately, without harvest, he wasn't selling the extra production he was used to, since the few vegetables were for family consume now, and money was really low to travel.

He was disappointed with the gods. He put all his trust and faith in them and he got nothing in return. Even Sun was burning the fields and stopping Baal so he could not send the rains, "Seems all the gods are against me," he thought. To make it all worse, his mother and his stepfather were saying that he was ungrateful to them, any chance, but they were blind to the truth.

However, Dogannu deep inside was ready to forgive the gods, only if they could change his current luck. But he waited for so long that his heart was cold and numb to them, he stopped his prayers and gifts, and when someone mentioned them, he closed his ears and heart to those words. Dogannu left the town and got closer to an old cedar and sat down, resting his back in the tree; thinking deeply while gazing the distant town.

In the meantime, Mirlya showered and got herself ready with a white tunic for the meeting with other Sun priestess (she was one of them) when Hanoth stepped in her path when she was about to came out of the house.

"Can you tell me, where are you heading to?" Hanoth asked serious.

"My love, I'm going with my other partners, you know, Sun priestesses..." she answered a bit shy.

"Mmm... very curious, I didn't hear anything about it in the market. You know Asteimunh's woman is also a Sun priestess..." he replied distrustfully.

"This is a special meeting, we are going to consult the gods, to find out what's wrong with us..." Mirlya said and she swallowed saliva, nervous.

Hanoth gazed at her, biting his lips. Thereafter he stepped aside, but without taking his eyes off his beloved and pretty wife, he warned her.

"Go... the gods don't want you to be late, I hope you are telling me the truth... for your own good, my love,"

Mirlya nodded and put her yellow veil on her head, and walked away. Hanoth watched her until she reached the corner and turned to the right, and he went back inside the house. She walked fast and left the main street when she reached the High Priest house, in the middle of the town. Some people saluted her by kneeling down their heads, as a sign of reverence and respect; the woman walked faster and few minutes later, she stepped outside the Temple of Sun. The door was opened and the sweet fragrance of the balsam came from the inside, Mirlya took a deep breath and moved in.

The inside was very clean and well-decorated. A representation of the solar disk made of gold was in the roof, in the left wall a lot of mosaics with precious gems representing the firmament and stars, just like the right wall, torches were giving light from every corner. Mirlya kneeled right under the solar disk and kept walking, she left the main atrium and crossed the veil that was separating the Atrium and the Holy Fire Hall. This room had a vessel with the Sacred Fire, the vessel was in the center, aligned with a hole in the roof, the purpose of the Sacred Fire was to provide energy to Sun and vice versa.

She followed the path to the vessel and walked around the container, leaving it behind, Mirlya took her veil off and put it around her neck. She crossed another veil and came into the Sanctum Room, a circular room with a massive golden sphere at the end, the god Sun. About 20 priestesses were there, sitting in the floor, forming a perfect circle; Mirlya joined her sisters and one of them interrupted the silence.

"Welcome, Mirlya. You are late again," said a brunette woman with a solemn look in her face. Her name was Diamnith, the Main Priestess.

"It won't happen again," Mirlya said and offered her hands to the priestess on her left and right.

"Fine. Now that we all are here, let's proceed... Priestess Kesri," Diamnith said, and another priestess, tall, brunette and carrying a recipient full of balsam, stood up.

She stepped in the middle of the circle, and burning some balsam, she closed her eyes and began the cult, "Oh Powerful Sun, living in the heights, your Sacred Fire and light bless our lives and our country, let us know what's coming for our town, Almighty, your priestesses are here to worship you, fill our insides with your divine light, put your Sacred Fire in our souls, we embrace your majesty and we desire to please your Divine Presence, Oh Powerful Sun, forgive our town, this wicked town, bring your divine wind so Baal can send the rains, forgive our town," Kesri said.

"Forgive our town," the other priestesses and Mirlya repeated.

Kesri went back to her spot and sat down, Diamnith raised her hands and close her eyes, the other priestesses did the same and remained in silence for a while. The Main Priestess breathed deep and in low whisper, she talked to all her sisters.

"Sun is angry, very angry. Our town has turned sideways, ignoring the will of our gods. That's the reason... the reason of our curse..." Diamnith said. But after saying those words, she kept her eyes close, trying to hear the voice whispering in her ear, "There's more... Sun has something else to say... one of us, yes, one of us, committed blasphemy... the prayers of that evil person... won't be answered... begging forgiveness and making sacrifice will satisfy the wrath of Sun..." Diamnith concluded and she opened her eyes again.

All the Sun Priestesses were worried and looking to each other, trying to find out who was the one who committed the blasphemy. The fear and distrust was a common sign in all the women, Diamnith was the only one with a confident look, the Main Priestess cleared her throat and spoke to all of them.

"I assure you, my sisters, that the person guilty of this, will suffer in a terrible painful way if keeps blaspheming the name of the gods, Sun told me,"

Again, all the priestess lowered down their heads and then looked around, trying to catch a sign to discover the guilty, Mirlya was really nervous, she felt guilty, maybe she didn't worship the gods properly. Diamnith stood up and all did the same after her, the Main Priestess looked each one of her sisters, before finishing the meeting with these words.

"I hope Sun the Almighty bless your lives and houses, and for the wicked one, beg for mercy... Sun Almighty,"

"Sun Almighty," said all priestess in chorus and one by one started to leave the room.

Mirlya saw her sisters leaving, but she stayed in the Sanctum Room in silence, Main Priestess Diamnith noticed her a couple minutes later when she was praying to Sun in private, the woman stood up again and came closer.

"Do you need something, Mirlya?" Diamnith asked.

"Eh... I was wondering... Did Sun told you who is the wicked one?" Mirlya said and looked her sister in the eyes. Diamnith held her look and she sighed, Mirlya felt more nervous and then the Main Priestess answered.

"I think you already know who is... Mirlya,"

She panicked after hearing her words, "I knew it, forgive me Sun," Mirlya thought. She remained in silence while Priestess Diamnith looked at her with lots of interest, "Well... seems you are getting pale, sister Mirlya. Are you feeling ok?" Diamnith asked worried.

"Uh... I'm fine, yes, just wanted to know if Sun... you know, told you about the identity of the wicked... nevermind, I should go..." Mirlya said and without saying goodbye, she left Diamnith very confused.

The woman rushed and left the temple, the moon was high in the sky, streets were lonely. But after a few steps, Mirlya felt like someone was watching her from the shadows, she put on the veil and walked faster. When she was getting closer to her street, a shadow emerged from the darkness and crashed with her.

"Please don't hurt me!!" she cried out.

"Mom?" Mirlya heard the stranger's voice.

"Dogannu!! You scared me, thanks to the gods it's you!" she said.

In effect, it was Dogannu. Mirlya saw him carefully and she noticed her son had some blood in his tunic and she got nervous, "Are you hurt?" she asked.

"No, desert bandits tried to raid the town, killed one of them, guess I didn't bother to clean the blood," Dogannu explained, "Why are you still in the streets? It's very late, mother," he added.

"Our service in the temple lasted longer this time, Sun revealed us some of his secrets, I think there is a chance that rain comes again," she answered.

"Mother, how many times do I have to tell you? The gods will not help us!" he protested and Mirlya stopped walking.

"Dogannu! You better reconsider your words, don't dare to test the gods, my son," Mirlya said.

"Nothing worse can happen, sooner or later hunger will increase and we will die, and gods won't move theirs hands to avoid it," Dogannu said.

"Don't pay attention to his words, Ashtoreth..." Mirlya whispered, in the exact moment they arrived to their home.

Dogannu opened the door and his mother came in, he waited and closed it. Hanoth was sitting in a corner with his axe on his legs, Mirlya took off her veil and put it in her holy bin, the philistine breathed deeply and his face was red, Hanoth raised one of his eyebrows and with a very deceptive tone he talked to his wife.

"So, did the gods talk? I bet your meeting was very pleasant..."

"Oh yes my love, Priestess Diamnith heard Sun's will, I think we can have a great chance to bring the rains again to our town," she answered, ignoring the danger.

"Tell me, who is?" Hanoth asked and Mirlya got confused.

"Who is what? What are you talking about?"

"Don't play with me, woman. I know the meeting in the temple finished a while ago, now tell me the name of the bastard," he barked aggressively and stood up.

"Hanoth... I don't know... I was in the temple," Mirlya assured scared, "I was in the temple," Hanoth repeated with irony and grabbed his axe, "I'm not a fool, now you better tell me the truth or I'll kill you with your lover!"

"She is telling you the truth, animal!" Dogannu exclaimed and he went close to his mother.

"Don't mess with me boy, or you'll be next!" Hanoth threated him but Dogannu, took out with a fast move his knife and jumped on him and cut Hanoth's throat with his blade. Mirlya cried out and fell down, "What have you done?" she cried to her son, Dogannu spitted Hanoth's face before answering to his mother, "He deserved it..."

Mirlya stayed in the place she fell, traumatized, and Dogannu, doing a great effort, since Hanoth was heavy; crawled his body out of the house. He crawled him as fast as he could, taking the same route to the old cedar and trying to avoid peepers, when he was outside Ashtaroth, he left Hanoth's body close to the river. Dogannu broke Hanoth's neck and using his blade, he cut Hanoth's head and kicked his body into the river, Dogannu closed his eyes while grabbing Hanoth's head with his left hand.

"El, Supreme god, I offer you the head of my stepfather as a proof of my justice, you know I defended my mother," he said.

Dogannu took some blood from the neck and cover his wrists with it, then he dropped the head away and returned to the town. He found his mother in the floor, crying in silence and trembling, Dogannu kneeled and embraced his mother, lots of tears mixed with her eye make-up were covering her cheeks; he cleaned both of them and grabbed her by the cheeks.

"Don't worry mother, we are going to be fine, I promise..." Dogannu said.

"You murdered him... what if the leaders find out? They will execute you, and I don't want to lose you..." Mirlya said and cried again. 



byLiver96©

"Shhh... that will not happen mother, I swear to you, with El as my Witness, that I will find the way to take you out of this town, to better lands, I swear it," he said.

"Ok... ok, I trust you..." she mumbled and Dogannu embraced her harder.

Six months later...

Two old farmers were in their field, preparing the land to dig their wheat seeds. The men were using their tools when a huge black cloud got closer to their farm, the one dressed with a brown tunic stopped his work and watched the sky, that cloud looked supernatural; moving really faster. But he realized it sooner that wasn't a normal cloud, he heard a buzz coming from it.

"Lobsters!!" he screamed to his partner.

The cloud of lobsters was moving fast, the old farmers ran faster and rushed into the house. In Ashtaroth, thousands of people were buying or walking in the street market and slave's market when they noticed the lobsters. All of them panicked and ran like crazy, the lobsters covered the town and Dogannu and his mother were returning home from the farm; with problems they managed to skip the people in their small street and the lobster flying around them and Dogannu opened the door, Mirlya came in and then he closed the door behind him.

"Gods... please forgive our faults..." Mirlya said.

"Come on mother, it's just a lobster swarm, probably here because the winds or something else," Dogannu theorized.

"These lobsters are here because this town and its people are giving their back to the gods," Mirlya said and she kneeled in the home altar in the left corner.

"Mother... come on, stop doing that..." he insisted but Mirlya was with her eyes closed and praying to the gods and ignored her son.

The plague lasted for couple hours, about 700 people died and the few food in the market was ruined. The rest believed it was a retribution from the gods, many fanatics appeared in the days after the event, claiming to all the people to return in submission and humiliation to the gods, to find mercy from them. One of those fanatics was Edrok, son of Hatimekh, Priest of El; in no time he had thousands of followers, his speech was strong and convincing. Edrok was a tall, thin man, wearing a white tunic with a golden belt around his waist, pale skin, brown hair in a horse tail, his eyes were brown and delineated with black pigment. One day, Edrok was in the main square with a crowd of his followers and curious, giving one of his usual speeches.

"... and the gods will punish the impish people among us! We need to be loyal to the gods, worship them and to the wicked ones, reconciliation is the only way, unless you want the wrath of the gods upon yourselves!!" exclaimed Edrok to the crowd and they barked wild, in support.

Dogannu watched the fanatic from a very safe distance, Edrok wasn't like the others, he was very persuasive and member of an important family. The oracles about "the wicked one" failed in the last six months, around 39 people were sacrificed to the gods in the main square, with no results; the rain was missing and now the plague of lobsters devastated the fields and killed lots of the domestic animals used by the families to survive. Dogannu stayed there with his bag when he had enough of Edrok and walked away.

He saluted a couple men eating in front of a house, with something looking like roasted rats on their dishes, Dogannu had little nauseas and left them quickly. He left the main street and turned right to the small street, he saw the two-floor houses and his mother sitting in front of the door with an astral table on her legs, reading the signs of the sky.

"Hello mother," Dogannu said.

"Oh hi, I'm reading the signs of the sky, Priestess Diamnith told me that with the rise of Edrok, the good times will return," Mirlya said and gave him space so he could sat with her.

"Mother... do you really think that's possible?" he asked and sat down.

"Yes of course son, finally everything is going to be like before..." Mirlya said happy.

"Yeah, I guess..." he mumbled without paying attention at all.

"What's wrong? You look worried," she asked him.

"I think I found the way to leave this town," Dogannu answered and Mirlya's gaze was completely shocked.

"What do you mean?"

"I spoke with some sea merchants, one of them is willing to give me a job in his ship, so you can come with me as well," he explained and she moved her head in disapproval.

"No, no, Dogannu, listen to me. We must stay here, we must obey the will of the gods," Mirlya said.

"Mother, there's no future in this town..." Dogannu said.

"Don't dare to leave me alone here," Mirlya replied.

"I'm not leaving you behind, you will come with me," he said.

"You better listen carefully Dogannu. As your mother, you will do my will, and the will of the gods; second, as a Priestess of Sun, you must obey me," Mirlya said with authority.

"I don't have any intentions to stay in this town, and you will not stop me..." Dogannu answered.

"I know I won't stop you, but the gods will," Mirlya concluded and stood up, leaving Dogannu alone.

Mirlya prepared some food, mother and son ate without saying a word and avoiding to look to each other. Both were thinking in silence, Dogannu knew it was time to leave Ashtaroth and Mirlya was trying to find a way to keep her son with her... no matter what. They finished their food and Mirlya went back to her astral table, and Dogannu sat in the backyard and watched the sky. Meanwhile, in the High Priest house, Edrok was walking in circles in the main room, his father the Priest Hatimekh was laying down in an egyptian divan, decorated with ivory incrustations.

"My son, you should calm down. The gods are showing you their benevolence," Priest Hatimekh said, Edrok stopped moving and replied, "My beloved father, I can't rest my soul when our town is perishing now. We haven't caught The Wicked One, even so many sacrifices were made, the oracles are blind," and he walked again in circles.

Priest Hatimekh sighed and sat in the divan, and after thinking seriously he stood. Hatimekh was a man of 56 years old, long grey hair, long grey beard and wearing a white tunic with a golden pectoral. Edrok had an insane look in his face, and he talked again.

"Father, if it's the will of the gods, I will find The Wicked One and I will sacrifice him myself,"

"Be patient, Edrok. You need to consult the gods, so you can find the right person and remove the curse of our town," Priest Hatimekh advised.

"Delight of my eyes, send your servants to the oracles of Sun, Baal, Dagan and Ashtoreth. They must be here helping us," Edrok said and a crazy smile appeared in his face.

"You are very convinced of this... the will of the gods is, follow their direction and you will complete their task. El is showing you the path, my son," Priest Hatimekh said and Edrok kneeled down and kissed his father's right hand and stood up.

A few hours later, the front door of Mirlya's house was opened it quietly. A tall figure, covered by a black tunic with a veil came out and closed the door carefully. The person walked very fast and reached the main street, and turned left, in direction to the main square; moving in the shadows to avoid being watched. After walking for some minutes, the unknown figure was outside Priest Hatimekh's home and knocked the door; Edrok opened the door and saw the mysterious person with interest.

"Mmm... I guess the question is, who are you? he said with a smiley gaze.

"I need to see Priest Hatimekh," the anonymous person said.

"But, who are you?" he repeated again with an inquisitive look.

The mysterious figure took off the hood, revealing it was Mirlya. Edrok smiled even more before speaking.

"Priestess Mirlya, what are you doing outside? Is very late..." Edrok said.

"I need to see your father. It's very important," Mirlya said.

"Okay..." he said with emphasis.

"May I come in?" she asked.

"Of course! How stupid I am, sure, come in. Gods, apologize my impoliteness," Edrok said and let Mirlya come in.

Edrok guided Mirlya inside, it was a small corridor and then they entered the Altar Chamber, there were several altars in honor of the different gods. They left that room and went into the Main Room, Priest Hatimekh was resting in his egyptian divan, with some people around him with their eyes closed, the oracles Edrok wanted. He kneeled in front of his father and Mirlya did the same, both stood up and Edrok introduced her.

"Beloved father, she is Priestess Mirlya, she has something important to tell you,"

"Welcome, Priestess Mirlya," Priest Hatimekh said.

"I apologize with you, Priest Hatimekh, I know is very late, but this is important," Mirlya said and Priest Hatimekh sat.

"The gods speak in any moment, so feel free, woman," he said.

"What I'm going to say, is related to my son, Dogannu..." she mumbled.

"Go on, I'm listening," Priest Hatimekh replied.

Mirlya breathed deeply before speaking again.

"Six months ago, my husband, Hanoth philistine; disappeared. But that is not true... my son Dogannu... murdered him..." Mirlya said.

"Why are you so sure about this?" Priest Hatimekh asked.

"Because... because I saw him..." she whispered.

"In cold blood?" the Priest asked.

"Yes..." Mirlya answered after a few seconds in silence.

Priest Hatimekh looked her carefully, and closed his eyes. Edrok whistled while playing with his fingers; the old man finally opened his eyes and looked Mirlya again, and sighed.

"Why you never told anyone about this?" Priest Hatimekh asked.

"He forced me to keep the secret or..." Mirlya said before she stayed quiet.

"Its fine, woman, you are safe now. Edrok, take some men with you, and bring him here," Priest Hatimekh said.

Edrok made a reverence and left the room. Priest Hatimekh talked to the oracles and they kept talking with the gods, trying to find the wicked one. Mirlya sighed, worried for her son and the consequences; but she was doing it to keep him next to her and fulfill the will of the gods, she thought. She waited in silence, while the oracles were whispering from time to time, consulting the gods, Priest Hatimekh was resting on his divan; eating a fresh pear.

Long time passed and they heard a bump from the door, and Edrok appeared leading his father's men that were carrying Dogannu with them. He had a bleeding cut in his left cheek, Dogannu looked his mother next to Priest Hatimekh and he lowered down his head, upset. The High Priest stood up and congratulated his son, Edrok smiled pleased and walked to the corner.

"So, is it true? Did you killed Hanoth philistine in cold blood?" Priest Hatimekh asked.

Dogannu remained in silence and didn't looked the High Priest to the eyes. Again, Priest Hatimekh requested him and got the same, one of his men punched Dogannu in the face but the Priest raised a hand, the man held himself so the Priest got closer to Dogannu.

"I want to know, did you killed Hanoth philistine, in cold blood? Hatimekh repeated.

Dogannu looked Priest Hatimekh to the eyes and spitting in the floor, he answered, "Yes... I did it, he was ready to kill my mother... and me...". The Priest checked him carefully, Edrok laughed in the corner, "Mmm... convenient..." he said. But his father ignored him and looking Mirlya, then he looked Dogannu and affirmed, "Your mother said that you killed him, and you threaten her, so she kept your secret. I don't believe you, at the moment. Prove me you are telling me the truth,"

The young man coughed, and laughed in pain, before replying to Priest Hatimekh, "El is my Witness, if you are a real priest, ask him..."

"How dare you! Father, he is insulting you, and insulting god El!" exclaimed Edrok, indignant.

"Calm down, Edrok. No need to scream," Priest Hatimekh said.

Hatimekh got more closer and slapped Dogannu's face. The High Priest walked to his divan, and grabbed his golden ring, in that moment he stepped out, Dagan's oracle opened his eyes and noticed Dogannu's presence. The deformed prophet (bald, and many burn scars) opened wide his eyes and pointed Dogannu with his right hand and shouted, his voice was guttural and scared the shit out of Dogannu.

"It's him, HE IS The Wicked One!!" and coughed lots of times.

Edrok's eyes were about to come out of his face, he had a wild and crazy look. Priest Hatimekh was froze in his divan and Mirlya opened her mouth, terrified. The old man, after the initial schock, recovered the composure and returned to his place in front of Dogannu, "Boy... there's no way you can get away of this..." the High Priest said and he turned around and talked to Dagan's oracle, "Are you completely sure?" he asked.

"Yes... Dagan revealed it to me, he is the cause of the disgraces of this town. Not only he has insulted the gods, but he killed in cold blood his stepfather, and he was planning to escape!" Dagan's oracle rasped and Mirlya began to cry.

"He must be sacrificed!!" Edrok screamed excited. Priest Hatimekh cleared his throat.

"With the divine authority given by god El, you Dogannu, you will be sacrificed for the good of Ashtaroth, so the wrath of the gods can be satisfied in you, and our curse, finally removed," Priest Hatimekh dictated and waving his hands, his men took Dogannu away to put him in the dungeon.

Mirlya was crying, devastated. She wasn't expecting that, she only wanted her son with her, she felt guilty and dizzy. Edrok left the room, singing loud a holy anthem, while High Priest came close to her and grabbed one of her hands, he kneeled and embraced her, however; there was nothing to comfort her in that moment.

"Priestess... you did what it's correct to the eyes of the gods," Priest Hatimekh said.

She looked him and cried, Mirlya rested her face over Hatimekh's pectoral, "You know very well this has to be done, this is what the gods demand. We cannot proceed against the law of the gods," he explained.

The priestess cried for a long time, until she calmed down and looked the High Priest to the eyes, "I know... you are right... it has to be do-done..." Mirlya said. Hatimekh stood up and called one of his servants, she attended Mirlya and offered her some water to drink, when she felt good enough to walk, she left the house.

On the other hand, the Priest's men put Dogannu in a cold and dark cell. His hands were tied together, just like his feet; there was no way to get away. He remained in silence, just crying for his disgrace; now he was the victim of the gods, Dogannu never felt so lonely like he felt that night. He cried until he had no tears, he wondered if death was painful or desirable, he remembered many things, most of them about his beloved father. His life, he thought, was a chain of mistakes and disgraces, to his sadness; his own mother was part of that chain. Alone in that cell, abandoned by everyone, betrayed by his mother, he thought the gods were watching his suffering and cursed them for being so cruel.

At the same time Dogannu was in his cell, the High Priest Hatimekh was meeting with the other priests of the town. Edrok was also with them, and they were discussing the further actions to follow. The High Priest's son was in favor to sacrifice Dogannu in the early morning, without wasting time. Diamnith was in favor to do a public humiliation first, and then sacrifice him at high noon, Pellek-garok, Priest of Baal, preferred to wait a few days, to choose the best way to sacrifice Dogannu, following the will of the gods. With so many points of view to make the sacrifice, Hatimekh stood up and all of them shut up.

"At least we have something in common, the idea of sacrifice him. Regardless, as my son Edrok said, we must finish this curse immediately so Ashtaroth can be saved. I vote to sacrifice The Wicked One in the morning, with all the ceremony dictated by the gods," Priest Hatimekh said.

"High Priest, this man fooled us for long time. People should know who betrayed the gods and humiliate him for that, because of his impish behavior, many lives were lost since the wrath of the gods came upon Ashtaroth," Diamnith argued.

"You disgusted me, who cares for the dead ones..." Edrok said to Diamnith and his father reacted.

"Edrok! Show more respect to a priestess," Hatimekh reprimanded him, "Do you have anything to say, Pellek-garok?" he continued.

"I guess somehow, Priestess Diamnith is right. We must humiliate him for such impish betrayal," Pellek-garok said and then added, "And of course, sacrifice him after that,". Edrok smiled when he heard that.

"So I think this is the will of the gods. We will humiliate the wicked one first and then, we will proceed with the sacrifice, to satisfy the wrath of the..." Priest Hatimekh said when some footsteps interrupted him.

It was a young, hot, curvy woman. She was dressed with a black tunic, and a golden collar on her chest, white skin, very white but beautiful. Her eyes were grey and her hair, short (up to her neck) and black. Hatimekh recognized the symbol of Ashtoreth and knew she was a priestess of the goddess. But he also knew that the Main Priest was a man, not a woman, which intrigued him.

"I apologize for being late, my name is Aalyat, daughter of Main Priest Kebok, Priest of goddess Ashtoreth," she said.

"Welcome, Aalyat. I wonder, why are you here and not your father, the Main Priest?" Priest Hatimekh asked.

"My father, the Priest Kebok, is sick at the moment. I had a revelation from goddess Ashtoreth, I know what we have to do with The Wicked One," Aalyat explained.

Edrok gazed at her with lust, animal lust, and said with a kinky voice, "We will sacrifice him, of course," and he licked his lips. Aalyat's face was without expression, nor disagree or satisfied by Edrok's behavior.

"What did Ashtoreth said?" Pellek-garok asked.

"Ashtoreth wants him to suffer, big pain, to teach him respect to the gods," Aalyat revealed. Edrok laughed with her comment and she got closer to him, "Do you think am I funny? she asked. He licked his lips, excited with the curvy young girl and answered with sarcastic tone, "Oh yes, how do you plan to do this, my goddess?"

"You will see it," Aalyat answered and she grabbed firmly with one hand Edrok's cock and balls. He sighed in pleasure first, but when she increased her strength he yelled in pain, "Now, you better don't insult goddess Ashtoreth and her will..." she whispered in his ear, "Shit... stop it..." he begged and with a last pull, she let him go. Edrok massaged his friend and moved far away from Aalyat, she smiled.

"I think my son's doubts are fair. How do you plan to do this?" Priest Hatimekh asked.

"Leave everything to me, Priest Hatimekh," Aalyat said and then she looked Priestess Diamnith, "I hope I can count with your help. I could need some of your priestesses to assist me, the gods will reward you," the young girl said.

"Of course, Priestess Aalyat. If that's Ashtoreth's will, I can't refuse..." Diamnith replied and Aalyat smiled again.

"Well, then everything is in order now. Where's The Wicked One? Aalyat asked.

"He is in my prison, he won't escape," Priest Hatimekh informed her, "I know he won't..." she said with a nasty smile and she left them, walking slowly and sensually. "By the way, I almost forgot it, treat him well until you bring him to me, feed him and shower him properly. I don't want he passes out during our lesson..." and left them fascinated with her words.

Dogannu woke up in a dirty dungeon, his hands and feet were tied, he felt all his muscles cramped and his body with little cold. He tried to sit down but it was impossible, so he stayed with his face in the dirty floor, powerless. How much time passed, he wasn't sure, but he couldn't move; he was firmly tied. "Fuck you gods, I curse your names for the eternity..." he said and a solitaire tear slid down his cheek. Dogannu made an attempt to break the ropes securing his hands, in vain, he gave up after several tries and remained motionless. 


Then, he heard the door of his cell and in front of him was his mother Mirlya. She was carrying a plate with food and water in a mud glass, the door closed behind her and she kneeled over him.

"I'm sorry, my dear son. I never thought this could happen, let me help you..." she said after leaving the dish and glass on the floor and extended her hands to sit him down in the floor.

"Don't... fucking... touch me," Dogannu said with anger.

"Please, forgive me. I was scared... I thought you were leaving Ashtaroth, leaving me alone..." she said as excuse but he screamed.

"I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU, FUCK YOU!!"

"Dogannu... for-for-forgive me... ple-please..." she begged crying but her son was out of control.

"AARRGGHH!! I WANT TO KILL YOU!!" he yelled out.

He kept screaming and cursing for a while, and moving without control. Mirlya got away, crying and shivering, Dogannu broke the glass with water and the dish, spreading as he could the food over the floor. His mother knocked the door and someone from the other side opened it and she ran away.

For about one hour he screamed and cursed his mother, his stepfather, and the gods. Suddenly, he felt thirsty and he calmed down; the ropes in his wrists were hurting him more, so he decided to keep calm but with the ropes on, his skin would feel sore. He began to feel hungry, and he regretted wasting the food and water his mother brought, but there was no point of feeling sorry now. When he wondered when the time of his sacrifice would take place, the door opened again and Edrok came in.

"Are you here to pick on me?" Dogannu asked.

"Oh really?" Edrok said with a naughty smile.

"End this quick," Dogannu said.

"Oh, poor wicked one... you thought nobody would catch you, but I did. You know, I really want to open your chest with my knife, to see your insides and feed my pet with your bowels..." Edrok confessed and sighed when he said that.

"Then just do it here and now," Dogannu challenged him, but Edrok laughed.

"With real pleasure I would do it, to avenge the gods. However, your verdict has been changed, I disagreed the idea, but I must obey," Edrok said and Dogannu felt curious for the very first time.

"What do you mean?"

"You will learn to respect and worship the gods, again..." Edrok said cryptically and he turned around and left the room.

The man smiled for the first time. He cried, the joy was so big in his heart, he would not end sacrificed after all. He thanked El and rested his back against the wall, sleeping for a while; until the door was opened again and a young ebony woman, with food and water came in. The slave sat down in front of him and fed him with fresh fruits and good meat, Dogannu ate so desperately that he almost choke in couple opportunities with the food and water. After feeding him, she cleaned his face with a perfumed handkerchief, stood up and left the dungeon.

Once again, Dogannu continued alone in the dungeon. He wondered why such attention, but not for so long, he had been really hungry to think any double intentions from his captors. The time passed on, and heat increased; he thought Sun was burning high in the skies, burning his town with his fire, he sweated a lot and with his hands tied up it was very uncomfortable to dry the sweat in his forefront. Dogannu fell asleep and he woke up suddenly when he heard the door of the dungeon, his mother was there and she came in with fear. He watched her but lowered down his head, Mirlya, with redden eyes, sat down in front of him; she saw her son and shyly extended her hand to his, at first Dogannu thought of moving his hands away, but he kept them on his legs and Mirlya grabbed them tenderly.

"Ple-please, forgive me..." Mirlya begged.

The feelings and emotions overwhelmed Dogannu and tears slid down his cheeks, Mirlya began to cry either and she encourage herself and embraced her son. There was nothing else for them, she caressed her son's hair and face, then Mirlya grabbed him by the neck.

"Mother... what will happen to me?" Dogannu said when he recovered his breath.

"I'm not very sure... but... I have to meet with Priestess Diamnith in a while. She said it's important," Mirlya replied when she calmed down a bit.

"Will you come back?"

"I will try, but Edrok's fanatics are watching my steps... so I need to be careful," Mirlya assured.

"El is protecting you, I am sure..." he said and Mirlya smiled a little.

"Edrok is pissed. He wanted to sacrifice you... however, goddess Ashtoreth spoke to a priestess and the High Priest Hatimekh changed your sentence," she informed.

"At least I'm not going to die... but with Edrok I can't be so sure," Dogannu affirmed.

"Don't worry. I will consult the gods tonight, and I will pray them for your life," Mirlya promised and he lowered down his head, "Trust in the gods, Dogannu. It's the only way," she said and kissed him in his forefront. Mirlya stood up and left the cell, she closed the door behind her and Dogannu breathed deeply.

Back in the Temple of Sun, Priestess Diamnith was speaking with some of her priestesses, when Aalyat arrived to the Sanctum Room, escorted by two men. Aalyat was wearing her black tunic and golden collar, her hair perfumed with fragrant scents, with a hand gesture Diamnith invited Aalyat to sit down, which she did.

"Welcome, Priestess Aalyat. Here are some of my priestesses, as you requested," Diamnith said.

"Did they met the requirements?" she asked.

"Yes, all of them are experienced in every ritual and mystery of the gods..." Diamnith guaranteed.

"Perfect. Now I need to ask you, do you know about Dark Ashtoreth's forbidden rites?" Aalyat asked.

All of the Sun Priestesses swallowed saliva, nervous. Diamnith's hands shook when she heard Aalyat's words, "Dark Ashtoreth?" she repeated, alarmed.

"Yes, Dark Ashtoreth. I need to tell you a secret... my father doesn't know I serve Dark Ashtoreth. Personally, I feel more... identified... with her. She told me what to do with The Wicked One," Aalyat confessed.

"B-but... you said Ashtoreth talked to you..." Diamnith reminded to her.

"Well, there's almost no difference between them. Just like all the Baals in Canaan, just different attributions," Aalyat asserted.

"Different attributions? She is depraved, for a good reason her rituals are forbidden!" Priestess Kesri said indignant.

"The Wicked One is an immoral trash, even more," Aalyat affirmed and she giggled, "I will claim his body either, after Dark Ashtoreth punish his insults to the gods," she said.

"You can't do that. Only Priest Hatimekh has the authori..." Diamnith said when she stopped talking, with a simple cold gaze from Aalyat, Priestess Diamnith felt dizzy. The daughter of Priest Kebok was really a heartless woman, even though from the outside she looked as a good tender girl.

"I said, I will claim his body. As everyone agrees with this point, my second question; have you heard about the Samikhred Usim rite?" Aalyat asked.

A general chorus of shouting was heard after Aalyat's question. Priestess Diamnith covered her mouth with her hands, scandalized, "So this is what you pretend to do, an excruciating ceremony to demolish that poor man? Priestess Kesri said.

"This is Dark Ashtoreth's will, are you telling me you are against the will of Ashtoreth, aren't you?" Aalyat said.

Kesri didn't answer, and considered very carefully the wrath of Dark Ashtoreth, so she shook her head and Aalyat grinned, "Good, because I thought you were against the will of a goddess..." she mumbled.

"Eh... Aalyat... to realize that ceremony, you know, the Main Priest must do it," Diamnith admitted.

"Yes, you are right. But, there's no problem with that; since I am the Main Priestess..." she revealed while playing with her fingers.

A tense silence took over the room, the other priestesses were really scared to death, but none of them raised their voice. Aalyat gave them some other instructions, concerning Dogannu and the temple to consummate the rite, the Temple Of The Night. She stood up, and followed by her guards, she left the temple. Diamnith and the others sighed in relief, but not for too long; Priestess Kesri said what all of them were thinking.

"Should we tell Mirlya?"

"I'm not sure if we should... we could break her heart," a blonde woman said, called Priestess Lamysh.

"If this is the will of Dark Ashtoreth, there's nothing she or we can do. We must accept it," Priestess Kesri argued.

Diamnith stood up, and looked each one of her sisters with a solemn gaze, "This has to be done. I feel sorry for Mirlya, but Kesri is right. I just... never expected to be part of this rite... again," she declared.

"Did you participated in a Samikhred Usim?" another priestess asked, named Regda.

"Yes... there's no words to describe that cursed ritual, but one: Inhuman..." she confessed.

The Sun Priestesses discussed for a while until Mirlya arrived to the temple. When she knew Aalyat's intentions about his son, she had a crisis. Her sisters consoled her and told her it was the will of a goddess, no human could change a divine judgment, then all of them substituted their normal tunics to serve Sun, and wore the black tunics brought by Aalyat; and they left the temple, following Diamnith out of Ashtaroth to prepare the Temple Of The Night for the rite.

With some guards watching, three slaves showered Dogannu in his cell. They cleaned him very well, the man thought that at least being a prisoner wasn't that bad. He felt a little awkward when the slaves rubbed his penis and ass, cleaning them lots of time. After the shower, the guards tied his hands and took him out of the cell, naked; Dogannu felt really embarrassed and humiliated for such conduct, they guided him back to Priest Hatimekh house. In the Main Room another slave dressed him with a white and short tunic, when he was ready; Edrok came into the room.

"The Wicked One... how do you feel?" he asked with a burlesque tone.

"Much better, I'm still surprised," Dogannu answered.

"Are you?" Edrok said cryptically. His face went from white to red in no time.

"Yes, I think so. Food, shower, new clothes..." Dogannu enumerated and Edrok laughed wildly.

"Oh Wicked One, I hope you can say that later... hehehe," Edrok commented with a sadistic gaze.

"Then tell me now,"

"I don't think so, Wicked One. I will just show you the path... the rest is out of my control. I hope you enjoy it as much as I will," Edrok said and left him alone with the guards.

Dogannu wondered what was all that. "I will just show you the path... the rest is out of my control," Edrok's words echoed in his head. Will that had a special meaning, or was just fruit of Edrok's paranoia? Dogannu thought, then the last thing about enjoying, he didn't found any sense to that. "Probably he's already nuts," he concluded and stayed in silence with the guards close by. Long time passed and Dogannu sat down in the floor to rest his legs, and he admired the egyptian divan of Priest Hatimekh.

Edrok returned with a black tunic, waved his hands and the guards raised Dogannu from the floor and guided him out of the house. Edrok's gaze was really happy, something Dogannu didn't like. It was late night, the streets were empty and he walked in the middle of the main street, escorted by the guards and Edrok, who was playing with his knife and Dogannu feared the worst. Where did they were going, he thought, the High Priest's son began to sing a holy anthem, the same he sang the night before, but Dogannu didn't knew it.

The group of men left the town and Edrok guided them out of the principal road, they walked across an abandoned field, full of dry plants and roots. In no time, the pebbles under their feet were plunging in their sandals and harming their feet; this lasted about ten minutes of walk. The environment changed and led them into a small forest, the pebbles disappeared and the moss replaced it, Dogannu felt much better went they entered the forest, in part because of his feet.

But again, the incognita came to his thoughts, so Dogannu asked Edrok where did they were heading to. Edrok, cryptically as usual and with a curiosity tone replied, "I don't know, let's find out...". Of course, Dogannu knew he was lying but he had no choice but to follow him and hope it wasn't something bad. The moss path ended abruptly and the forest led them to an open field, and Dogannu observed something that almost stopped his heart.

Three miles away, he watched an ordinary hill, at first sight. However, in front of it, there was a crack, and two men were outside carrying torches, he panicked and kneeled in front of Edrok.

"Please Edrok, don't do this," he begged.

"Oh Wicked One, there's no way to escape..." Edrok answered. He had a triumphant gaze and his eyes were wide open.

"You told me my verdict had been changed!" Dogannu exclaimed desperate.

"Oh did I?" he answered in sarcastic tone and laughed at him.

Dogannu crawled to Edrok's feet, humiliated and trying to find a chance to skip his sacrifice, "Please, I beg you, don't do this. Don't be such a bastard and let me go!!" he screamed. Edrok, numb, and laughing at his disgraceful destiny, stepped away from him, "Wrong words, Wicked One. Now time to learn to respect the gods," he said and ordered his guards to carry him.

They got close to the hill and some minutes later they stepped in front of the men with the torches. Dogannu was still crying but one of the guards kicked his stomach so he stopped. Edrok saluted the men in front of the cave and they stepped aside, the group came inside. It was a dark but spacious natural cave, but with some evident marks of human's presence (some pillars in the cave walls with torches, to provide light). They moved forward and Dogannu noticed a dark vessel with emerald flames.

Surprised by the supernatural fire, he got paralyzed and just another kick from a guard forced Dogannu to walk again. The cavern path turned to the right, getting deep inside the hill, and then to the left; the bunch saw another sacred vessel with blue fire, once again Dogannu felt amused but he didn't stop walking this time. The stalactites and stalagmites appeared after leaving the second vessel behind, so they moved prudently in order to avoid any accident.

The pillars containing the torches were old, and presented some strange symbols that Dogannu wasn't able to recognize, at least from a far look. Once again, Dogannu asked Edrok where were they at, but got no response from him; and he started to desperate. He was inside an unknown hill, tied up and with a dangerous man who had bad purposes for him, sinister purposes; the fear to die increased inside of him, Dogannu was hopeless, Edrok was willing to sacrifice him, no matter what the gods have said.

A third vessel with dark purple fire was seen, Dogannu conjectured how it was possible to create such fires; but he didn't had time to imagine how because he almost fell down when he stepped on a skull, but the guard on his left avoided it, he began to cry in silence, tears slid down his cheeks. The natural pillars ended and the floor of the cave became more irregular, Dogannu was exhausted, he was not able to determinate how much they walked after leaving Ashtaroth; but surely was a lot.

The path turned to the right again and more pillars were illuminating the way. That cave was massive and Dogannu thought it was a divine lair, but which? They walked forward for couple minutes until they reached the end of the tunnel.

A few steps away, there were two vessels (one in the left and the other to the right) with golden fire; and the expansion of the tunnel could be seen. The bunch crossed the vessel passage and Dogannu observed for the very first time the Temple Of The Night. It was a circular complex, done with the hard work of thousands of slaves, the cave roof was at 8 feet from the ground, the sharp forms of the rocks could be easily noticed. In the left arc, just as the right, stone benches for the people to attend the ceremonies; so the center of the temple was below the floor level but the very center was filled by a circular flat stone with some small stairs, that was really close to the first level of benches so no one would have visual problems at the time of the ceremony.

The guards left Dogannu and Edrok alone, and went to the superior benches and sat down. Both Dogannu and Edrok descended the stairs to reach the circular platform, around the platform some women and men were waiting for them. To his disgrace, he recognized most of them; his mother was there between Diamnith and Kesri, the three were dressed with black tunics. Also Lamysh, Regda, Akimaah and Pholyshaah (Priestess of Sun) were with them, also were High Priest Hatimekh, Priest Pellek-garok and about thirty people he didn't know, but probably they were ordinary people of Ashtaroth.

The son of the High Priest left him in front of his father, and he retired with the other people and sat down in the lower benches. Hatimekh grabbed Dogannu's left arm and they turned to the spectators, he cleared his throat and Dogannu tried to convince him that he was innocent, "Please High Priest, do not sacrifice me..." he whispered. Hatimekh looked him with sorrow before replying, "You will not die, but I can't do anything for you. It's the will of the gods...". He thought that if he wasn't going to die, what will it happen to him?

"Welcome, people of Ashtaroth. Tonight, we are going to be observers of a divine judgment. This man next to me, Dogannu of Ashtaroth, betrayed us. He insulted the gods with his incredulity, wickedness and indifference. Because when our town was suffering and our brothers and sisters were dying, he never opened his mouth to confess his faults and avoid the disaster that came upon us," Priest Hatimekh resumed and the people insulted Dogannu, "The wrath of the gods devastated our land, all because of one man. The eternal law of the gods demand their wrath must be satisfied, but it will be satisfied by the person who is guilty," Hatimekh illustrated and made a pause, "Tonight, Dogannu of Ashtaroth, you will satisfy the wrath of the gods so our curse can be removed... Dark Ashtoreth has spoken, and she dictated your punishment... The Samikhred Usim!!" he exclaimed loud.

A deathly silence invade the temple, Dogannu felt a horrifying sensation in his stomach when he heard the words Dark Ashtoreth and Samikhred Usim. He never heard of them, so the fear to the unknown made him tremble, Priest Hatimekh called the Priestess of Sun and they began to strip down his tunic and sandals, "Stop, don't do this!" he begged. His mother helped them but she was crying when doing it so, Mirlya kissed her son, who was scared and powerless against the seven priestesses, "I love you, Do-Dogannu..." she mumbled and Diamnith took her away.

The Sun Priestesses surrounded the altar and kneeled down, Dogannu tried to run but his legs weren't responding, he was naked and feeling dizzy. From the shadows, and behind him, a tall woman came out, it was Aalyat. She was carrying a saucer with a red liquid, she walked slowly to the altar and stopped just before reaching the first stair of the platform. Aalyat drank all the liquid and drop the saucer, then she climbed the stairs and stood on the altar.

Dogannu heard the noise made by the saucer, and turned around slowly. He saw a gorgeous woman in front of him, dressed with a black tunic, and a golden collar resting on her breast. Her hair was black and short, up to her neck, her eyes were grey and shining with an evil spark; her skin was white, pale, but really beautiful. Her body was exquisite and sinuous, her tits were like a nice pair of melons, juice and round; her belly was all flat and her silhouette, fit and curvy. He couldn't notice her round bubble butt, but saw she had no sandals, her feet were terribly white but pretty. Dogannu thought she was the most beautiful woman he ever seen, but just for a few seconds. 

After checking her from head to toe, he watched a strange bulge in her pelvic area, Dogannu wondered about it, then he heard her voice. Deep, but at the same time with a tender tone, however he couldn't understand her words, "Kwaleik, buthem opde, cashni," she said, and the Sun Priestesses repeated after her, "Jakkem, hittutme jakkem, cashni uppe," Aalyat proclaimed and the priestesses repeated again, "Sagem, Umer, Samikhred Usim!!" she yelled out and the silence reigned in the temple.

Aalyat closed her eyes and raised her head, she breathed deeply. Dogannu couldn't avoid it, but his dick was growing thanks to the magnificence of Aalyat, she opened her eyes and appreciated Dogannu's hard dick; around 6 inches. Slowly, the Priestess of the Night removed her collar and tunic, leaving Dogannu speechless.

The bulge in her pelvic area was a penis. A penis that was growing every second, larger and thicker than his, his mouth was open wide with the revelation. Aalyat giggled lowly and a malign gaze appeared in her face, her cock reached 9'5 inches; Dogannu panicked but his legs weren't responding. Aalyat stroke her meat while she got close to him, compared with his cock, hers seemed like a horsecock. She grabbed his dick, that was getting floppier every second; she grinned at him and whispered, "On your knees, Wicked One,".

Refusing to kneel in front of her, Aalyat punched him in the stomach, without air and strength, she made him kneel. However, Dogannu kept his mouth closed firmly, Aalyat blocked his nose with her fingers; leaving him breathless. It took few seconds to Dogannu to open his mouth, trying to find air and she approached it and dug her dick inside his mouth. He tried to resist but her left hand pulled his hair and forced him to stay submissive, and thereafter Aalyat grabbed his head with both of her hands and fucked his mouth merciless.

Dogannu gagged on that cock, it was so massive and thick. Besides that, Aalyat never gave him a truce, she just fucked his mouth like there was nothing else in the world, "Jerk off, you wicked bastard, jerk off! I am the wrath of the gods, and you will pay all your faults," Aalyat said while she swelled her moves. Dogannu, following her command, began to jerk off his dick, at the same time his free hand was trying to stop her hips, without any success.

She kept moving like possessed, Dogannu covered with lots of saliva that monster dick in front of his face. Aalyat's body was lightly covered in sweat, her eyes were gazing at Dogannu's face, she had lots of pleasure when she noticed his redden and tearful eyes, Aalyat then shoved her dick all the way inside Dogannu's mouth, he felt her glans in his throat and tried to get away from her, in vain. He began to choke with that cock filling his mouth, his nose was pressed to her pelvis; his eyes were white and just then, Aalyat took out her cock with satisfaction.

Coughing nonstop, Aalyat didn't let him recover some air and repeated the move. She put her hands on his head and pressed the back of Dogannu's head, so his face was buried in her pelvis and all her dick, stuffed in his warm mouth, "Yes! Now we are talking, Wicked One," she smirked. For Dogannu it was the worst experience, been mouth-fucked (or raped) by a stunning woman with a monster cock between her legs, "Ple...aase, sto- stop... gruh... arghh..." Dogannu mumbled without breath when Aalyat took out her cock but when she heard him, she pushed it back, "No words, Wicked One. Just choke on my dick," Aalyat said and she stopped deep throating him to fuck his mouth brutally.

The people in the stone benches were shocked, watching how Aalyat was raping Dogannu's mouth. Edrok laughed and commented to his neighbor, "And I thought this was a bad idea...". The Sun Priestesses around the platform were praying in low tone, using the ancient and sacred language. Mirlya was suffering, that crazy bitch in any moment could kill her beloved son, but she knew it was too late to stop the rite. Aalyat, after receiving some punches from Dogannu, pushed him away, and he fell down; he thought in escape but she was faster than him and jumped on him, "We are not done yet, you need to satisfy the wrath of Dark Ashtoreth," Aalyat said and sitting on his chest, she put one hand in his neck. Constricted, Dogannu opened his mouth again and she thrust her dick back in his mouth.

Without taking off her hand of his neck, Aalyat kneeled and put her thighs around Dogannu's neck and head, and kept her dick inside his mouth. Unable to take it out, Dogannu just stayed like that, powerless and choking from time to time, it was nearly impossible to breathe regularly; Aalyat felt special delight in that position, because he couldn't move his hands to throw her away. It was a living nightmare, he thought that crazy woman in any instant could leave him breathless, but that never happened. She took out her cock and slapped his cheeks several times, "You're gonna love my cock, Wicked One. Can't wait to shove it deep inside your asshole," Aalyat said and Dogannu freaked out. Her glans was enough to tear him apart, he thought.

The priestess stood up for a second and turning around, she shoved her dick back to Dogannu's mouth, who was dizzy with the rough treatment from Aalyat. With her ass just a few inches from his face, and her strong thighs holding his arms, she moved her hips and butt up and down, fucking his mouth in a different angle. She grabbed fiercely her victim's cock, and bit the glans, Dogannu tried to scream but her cock avoided it, so he shook his body but she held him down. Mirlya cried in silence but she whispered the sacred words just like her sister were doing so. Now Dogannu was choking seriously, with her cock permanently filling his throat, sliding up and down, Aalyat squeezed and pulled his balls, then bit them with anger, Dogannu's tears slid down but for some unknown reason he was harder than before.

"I bet you are enjoying this as much as I am, Wicked One," Aalyat said pleased and she bit his dick all the way, Dogannu yelled in pain but his noise was lowered by Aalyat's cock. He tried to bit her cock but when she felt his teeth, she warned him, "Don't try to bite it, or I will fuck your ass with my fist,". The threat worked and he just kept his mouth open wide, receiving Aalyat's dick, her balls were slapping happily against his mouth and he thought the last thing that he would see it would been Aalyat's balls hitting his nose and lips. The friction between their bodies covered them in more sweat, Dogannu's hair was wet like he had gone to Aram.

Using her nails, Aalyat caressed Dogannu's thighs and his skin bristled. He never felt something like that before, she used the perfect balance of tenderness and roughness, and he was really amused by that. She bit his glans once again and at the same time she dug her nails on his thighs, until he silently cried in pain, Aalyat twisted her victim's dick and moved her hips harder; Dogannu's eyes were white once again and he struggled to move his hands, but no success.

The priestess licked his dick, and stick her tongue in his cock hole, licking all his precum. Aalyat sucked one of her fingers and she shoved it in Dogannu's asshole, "Grruhhahhh," he yelled with his mouth full of Aalyat's penis. She began to stroke his dick and shaking her finger inside his ass, moving it in circles to dilate the hole, "So tight... but I will change that soon, Wicked One. The gods will be pleased when I pound your ass madly," Aalyat teased. She took out her finger and sucked two fingers instead, and pushed them inside. She smirked while stroking his dick, fucking his mouth and fingering his asshole, she was over stimulating him to drive him nuts before the real action. And yes, she was very close, Dogannu was in the edge, cramping his muscles to avoid cumming and swallowing her dick precum.

And what about his asshole. His sphincter was hungry and ready for bigger challenges, her cock to be more specific. Now Aalyat had three fingers inside and was sucking Dogannu's dick like crazy, biting his balls and glans, with a last move she rested her hips and Dogannu focused in her cock, sucking it in the best way he could, "Mmm... looks you are having your own fun. I like it," she said after taking out his dick from her mouth, she took out her fingers from his asshole and Dogannu's sphincter was winking, ready for the real rite itself.

She deep throated him and Dogannu couldn't resist, he spurted all his seed into Aalyat's throat. It was the wildest orgasm of his life, not comparison with the one he had with Vylagnee, one of the prostitute of Ashtaroth. Aalyat sucked and swallowed all his cum, then she bit his glans again, "Grrhaarrhhohhh," Dogannu yelled. In less than one minute, his cock was limp and Aalyat took out her cock from Dogannu's mouth, who breathed in relief, she stood up and kneeled. She grabbed his legs and without effort, Aalyat dragged him and placed his thighs on hers and spread his legs, she rubbed her wet cock and licked her lips, "Finally, Wicked One. Your ass will never feel the same way," Aalyat said and Dogannu, exhausted, remained in expectative.

She rubbed her glans against his ass for a while, and occasionally prodded his asshole and rubbed her dick against him. "Just... just do it..." Dogannu said, he knew she was teasing him to increase the agony inside of him, but he was ready for the worse or that's what he thought, "Okay, because you are insisting," she answered and pushed her glans inside Dogannu's ass, "AARRGHH!!" he barked when he felt Aalyat's glans sneaking inside.

"Don't scream, or I'll shove it hard in your ass," Aalyat warned but Dogannu didn't calm down and she moved her hips and buried her dick in one single but powerful thrust in Dogannu's ass, "OH GOOOOOOOODSSS!! he shouted out. Aalyat put her hands in his thighs and began to thrust in and out, slowly at first since she was holding his thighs on her thighs and helped by her hands only. Dogannu felt an excruciating pain in his bowels, her cock was like a hot massive axe rod, tearing his bowels and stretching his ass to the limit.

"HELP!! STOP!!" Dogannu cried out but Aalyat ignored his pleas, but change the position. She embraced him and sat him on her cock, then she began to pound his ass, shorty but hard punches, Dogannu was bouncing on her cock and screaming at the same time, she held him against her, their bodies covered in sweat and shining thanks to the torches around the altar. She massaged his butt and spanked him from time to time, adding more pain to Dogannu's experience. His dick, trapped between their bellies, was getting a hot rubbing session and getting erected again, against his will, but Aalyat was a real expert. She kept filling Dogannu's ass with hard cock, she held his asscheeks and set the pace, Aalyat lifted him up a bit and thrust her dick in and out like a piston.

Dogannu never experienced something like that before, embraced by a powerful woman, feeling her soft and juicy breast pressed against his sweaty chest, his butt roughly spanked and his ass brutally assaulted by a horsecock. Her cock was reaching deep inside his bowels, stretching every single part of it, his abdomen was cramped and his legs were barely keeping their balance in that position; Aalyat bit his neck and shoulders, Dogannu cried out desperate; he thought his punishment was so severe that he was about to give up his own life if necessary.

"You... you are mine!!" Aalyat grinned excited, loving the way he was making gestures and noises. She held down his thighs and forced him to sit down on her cock, she began to move it in circles as she closed her eyes, Dogannu panicked when he felt his inside incredibly stuffed. Whether he wanted or not, his prostate was receiving a big stimulation from that cock and he ejaculated without touching his, the hot cum covered their bellies and Aalyat smiled, "There you go, Wicked One... but your faults still not forgiven..." she whispered in his ear.

She resume the hard assfucking by returning to their previous position, she held his thighs and gave it all to him. Dogannu hit the floor with his right hand, disgraced and tired; Aalyat bit once again his neck and shoulders, "AAARGGHH HELP!!" he implored when he felt her teeth buried deep down under his skin, "Relax... shit trash... or I'll fuck you hard... harder..." she mumbled almost without breath and some blood dripping from her lips.

The pain in his backdoor increased, Aalyat wasn't relaxing and fucked him harder; at some point she shoved her whole dick inside Dogannu, and carry him firmly she stood up. The poor man was surprised with her strength, eyes wide and astonished he just limited to bounce on her dick. Aalyat made him ride her dick, up and down several times, her glans reached even deeper inside and Dogannu closed his eyes once again, thinking the gods were very mean. Despite Dogannu's thoughts, Aalyat kept her balance and strength even to swell the penetration, "Gods... his ass is damn great..." she smirked.

They lasted few minutes that way, she withdrew her cock and Dogannu put his feet in the floor. The priestesses were mumbling and worshipping Dark Ashtoreth, while Edrok was shocked but with a smiley gaze, "The gods blessed her... there's no doubt, Father..." he whispered to his father Hatimekh but the High Priest was incredulous and looking to his feet. Aalyat obliged Dogannu to stay on all fours, she positioned on his back, she rubbed all her sweaty body against his behind, her wet cock scrubbed Dogannu's back and ass. Her hands caressed his chest and belly, while she licked and bit his ears. He let escaped a girlish moan that turned Aalyat on.

"Wicked One, control yourself. Or I'll pound your ass some more," Aalyat said and stuck two fingers inside Dogannu's mouth, stretching it wide open.

"Ple-please... ssstop, don't..." he answered with difficulties but she put a big smile and replied.

"I think I heard Dark Ashtoreth whispering in my ear... yes, definitely she wants me to fuck you more,"

"N-no, no, don't do... AAARRGHHH!!" he shouted when she bit his neck another time and stretched his mouth more.

She guided her dick and prodded Dogannu's sore asshole, with a single thrust she was balls deep and fucking his ass brutally. The agony didn't lessened as Aalyat was embracing him, pressing her tits against his back and shoving her cock in and out really fast, "MERCYYYY!!" Dogannu begged once again but Aalyat ignored his shouting and managed to swell her pace, adding a slight rotation of her hips that drove both of them nuts, "I told you... to stay... calm," Aalyat said and when pointing every phrase she delivered hard and long thrusts that made Dogannu screamed harder than ever.

Aalyat decided to make Dogannu choke and she put her arms around his neck while fucking him. Dogannu couldn't do anything to stop her, since his knees and hands were resting in the floor; supporting his body and hers. Aalyat licked both sides of his face slowly as Dogannu tensed his body, trying to resist the rough penetration, everything was beyond his worst nightmare; having a woman doing him that way and without any chance to stop her.

Dogannu's sphincter contracted a little, squeezing Aalyat's hammer. When he was getting used to the burning pain that was coming from his ass and extending through his body, she tighten on his neck and he saw white lights but then Aalyat lessened the grip and shoved her dick all the way. Without taking it out, she rotated and pinned him down, so she put her right foot on his face, his ass was in a higher point, up and ready for more. Aalyat started moving again and he moaned in pain, but when his voice raised she applied more pressure with her foot on his face, so Dogannu just stayed powerless, with no options, but resist the incursion.

"That's better... I think... I can fuck you... all night long..." she said between moans and Dogannu cried in agony.

And she wasn't lying. Because Dogannu ignored that what she had drunk from the saucer was a powerful and sacred aphrodisiac to keep virility fresh. She increased her pace and with a loud moan she spurted a hot and huge load of cum right in Dogannu's bowels, he tried to catch his breath and she stayed with her foot on his face and her dick in his ass, recovering her breath as well, "Gods... phew... you are so fine. Just give me two minutes to... catch my breath, then we will continue, goddess Ashtoreth is really mad at you..." she grinned and thereafter she offered him to suck her foot and fingers, which he did really humiliated, "Nice, Wicked One... you know how to give pleasure..." she smirked.

As she promised, when the small truce was over, she resumed the rite, fucking Dogannu for half an hour in doggystyle until she filled him with more sperm. Both mother and son cried due to disgrace, however Mirlya had only to watch, but Dogannu was in the edge; Diamnith had a disgusting gaze in her face, while remembering the previous ceremonies in which she took part. The third round Aalyat was less ferocious and fucked him missionary and what we could call "romantic" style.

But she went nuts during round four. So rough that Mirlya thought at the end Dogannu was dead, she fucked his mouth and ass with her fist, and then Aalyat made Dogannu rest his head in the floor while she spread his legs and fucked him. She changed after some minutes (after she watched his face red) so she laid down and Dogannu on top, reverse style. Aalyat stuck her foot inside Dogannu's mouth and almost killed him when she blocked his nose, and when he was trying to recover she used her fingernails to pull off some skin. When he thought she was done with him, Aalyat put him on her legs and smacked his butt brutally, until it was all red and hot, Dogannu cried loud and begged for mercy or death, finding nothing.

Exhausted and brutally beaten down, Dogannu thought everything was over but he was so wrong. Aalyat brought a long jar, full of oil. Admiring his demolished victim with an inhuman gaze, Aalyat covered his body with oil and rubbed him tenderly, "When I finish... you will be free... do you like that?" she asked with soft voice. Dogannu nodded weakly and she smiled and kissed his lips, she rubbed her body against his, but then she laid him down with his ass exposed, "I'll tell you what's gonna happen. I will shove both fists inside your asshole, if you resist without screaming, I'll let you go, otherwise I will continue discovering your ass limits; what do you say?" she said and Dogannu shook his head, "Plea-please..." he mumbled and Aalyat changed her gaze, but then she smiled and smacking his sore butt, she began the foreplay.

She massaged his ass, up and down, squeezing his cheeks, he howled because that zone was very sensible after the previous nightmare he lived. Next thing she did was spreading his ass cheeks, leaving his sore and red hole exposed, "Do you want me to stop?" she asked and Dogannu nodded, "Too bad, I'm starting to enjoy it..." and she shove one finger inside his asshole. Aalyat moved her finger in circles and then shove a second finger in, Dogannu moaned and then a third, fourth and finally her right hand was inside. Aalyat kept it motionless, helping Dogannu at least while massaging his butt with her free hand, and getting closer and closer to his asshole, Aalyat tried to stretch a lot so she could shove one finger in. Then the second and third, Dogannu closed his eyes, trying to resist the excruciating punishment, she breathed deep and thrust another finger, "Are you ready, Wicked One?" she asked. A deathly silence was made in the temple and Aalyat shoved in her left thumb and pushed her hand inside, Dogannu couldn't believe it, she had her two fists inside his asshole.

The pain was unbearable and beyond imagination. Dogannu puffed and hit the floor with both hands, trying to keep his mouth closed but low moaning were escaping from his mouth and Aalyat warned him, "If you get too scandalous... I can make it worse...". Biting hard his lips to keep them tight, he stayed on all fours, ignoring how much time she would spend with her fists inside of him and if his asshole would be the same. To his own discredit, he noticed that Aalyat was doing small but perceptible moves, shoving in and out her fists, "Please stop, please!" he pleaded, Aalyat spat some saliva to lubricate the area and then she answered him, "Are you complaining? Don't test the gods...". 

His tears slid down in silence, while Aalyat began to move a little faster her fists inside him, up the wrists. Dogannu knew he was done, he had nothing left, that evil bitch had taken everything from him: his pride, his manhood, his body and specially his ass. And besides all that, in some points he liked it, but now he was defeated, "Oh Wicked One, this is really exciting..." Aalyat said and licked her lips. She spat more saliva and mixed with the oil, her fists were making filthy noises when she was ass fisting Dogannu.

She wiggled her hands inside of him, and he spurted another load of cum, he had lost the number of his own orgasms, but Aalyat surely knew he had enjoyed most of them, even with the rough episodes. Somehow, the pain decreased a little, his cock was recovering really fast, "Forgive me gods... I-I-I have no-no-nothing..." Dogannu prayed in low tone, his face was pale and his hands and knee were cramped, "Of course you have something, now you have my hands inside your ass. The gods still not forgiving you," Aalyat answered.

She lasted about half an hour with her hands shoved inside Dogannu's ass. Aalyat ignored all his words and she withdrew her hands when she had enough of him. When that happened, he just laid in the floor, without energy and ass. Last thing Aalyat did was shoving her hands inside Dogannu's mouth so he could taste his own ass, after it, she retreated from the altar and left him there. Edrok jumped very happy when everything was over, The Wicked One received his lesson, he thought. Mirlya and Diamnith walked next to him and Dogannu closed his eyes, shattered.

The people was terrified with the Samikhred Usim, specially the guards, who thought at first sight that Aalyat was charming. But others commented that their curse, finally was over and the wrath of the gods had been satisfied. Priest Hatimekh shook his head and without explaining why, he left the temple and the cave with his men and his son.

The Sun Priestesses helped Mirlya and Dogannu, they cleaned his body and try to cure his wounds as best as they could. The man wasn't interested in anything, he just wanted to rest his body (and ass), he heard the conversation between his mother and her sisters but only vague words. He got dressed and carried in a stretcher, they left the cave heading back to Ashtaroth.

Dogannu woke up at home on his bed, his body was tired and sore so he stayed motionless. He called his mother with weak tone and she came, behind her was Diamnith, the Main Priestess of Sun.

"I need some water..." he said.

"Ok son, give me a moment," Mirlya said and left the room.

"You were brave, you are the first one I saw resisting a brutal Samikhred Usim," Diamnith said after some seconds in silence. Dogannu stayed quiet and she continued, "I know you will resist and the gods will favor you once again,"

"What do you mean?" Dogannu asked and she avoided answer him, but her face was pale.

Mirlya entered, carrying a mud glass with fresh water. But Dogannu refused and asked why would he resist. After she crossed gazes with Mirlya, Diamnith swallowed saliva and her words almost give Dogannu a heart attack.

"Well Dogannu... The Samikhred Usim normally... the condemned... to find forgiveness from the gods... this ritual last seven nights... you only have survived the first one. I'm sorry Dogannu..."

The end.


The Priestess of the Night - Night 02
byLiver96©

Not a big fan of second parts, but as some emailed me for this one, I took the time (very limited with the team season suspended, travel, coronavirus hysteria) to write this one. Will Dogannu survive his second night against Aalyat? We will see it. A new important character joins us, will it change the course of the story? Once again, this isn't intended to be strictly stick to History/Traditions/Legends. Thanks to Thanos and Mr. Swift (thanks for the help with Reality Stone Satire and my cobble training)... Here we go.

When Dogannu heard Diamnith's words, he felt his soul abandoning his body. The phrase "seven nights" resounded inside his head like an echo, an incredulous and disgraceful echo. And then, his poor ass reacted as well, feeling that it was over; Aalyat would fuck him to death or she would leave him unable to walk again.

"Dogannu? Dogannu? Do you need something?" he heard his mother's voice weakly and he shook his head, "Just leave me alone..." he answered seconds later, Mirlya and Diamnith stood up and left him alone in his room.

So that was the reason of his mother's anguish. A horrible and painful rite to punish his faults and impish behavior against the gods. For a second, before the guards took him to Priest Hatimekh's house the night before, he thought the gods were about to save him, and he ended with his ass brutally fucked by a silly and miserable whore. Now he had to return to that cursed cave for another round and he was sure that everything would end that night.

He turned around carefully and cried in silence, asking the gods why he was suffering in such way. Dogannu closed his eyes, and his mind projected flashes of his recent experience in the Temple of the Night; Aalyat's naked body and her hard cock, her tits, her perfect waist... "What's going on with me?" he thought. He couldn't believe he was thinking in Aalyat's body after all his wild (but holy) ass raping rite, but he didn't knew the perverse effect of the Samikhred Usim, making victims addict, no matter if they were women or men.

The boy stayed on the bed for a while, thinking lots of things, but his mind always came back to the moment in the temple, feeling it as a dark shadow coming over him, claiming his body and spirit. His skin was shuddering and dark thoughts came to his mind... revenge thoughts, "Everyone will pay..." Dogannu thought. At Priest Kebok's house, Aalyat woke up happy and radiant, "Another day... I'm gonna wreck his butt," she thought referring to Dogannu. The girl left her room and found her father eating, she sat down and a maid brought her breakfast.

"Good morning daughter, may I ask you where did you go last night?" Priest Kebok asked.

"You know, Priest Hatimekh caught the Wicked One... and he sentenced him..." Aalyat answered and bit the bread.

"Oh gods, that's good news! And who was?" Kebok asked.

"You mean who is, the Wicked One is Dogannu, son of Mirlya, servant of Sun..." she replied after chewing the bread.

"What do you mean? Isn't he dead?"

"No, Priest Hatimekh's judgment was to perform the Samikhred Usim on him," Aalyat muttered and her father spat the wine he was drinking.

"What!? Did he went nuts!? I'm going to talk to him now!" and tried to stood up. Aalyat stood up faster and didn't let her father stand up, "Father, you still sick, you need to recover and rest. The Wicked One brought that illness to the town, I told Priest Hatimekh you would disagree but he told me he was the authority and I had to approve in your name," Aalyat explained and Kebok sat down again, "I guess you are right. I will stay here for now, but I will confront him when I feel better," he promised and she kissed her father, embracing his head, "I can't let you do that, father... I can't..." she thought and a sadist smirk appeared in her face.

At Priest Hatimekh's house, Edrok was in his room, jerking his cock to Aalyat, the hot and sadist Priest of the Night. Besides she scared him a little, she was the kind of good girl from the outside, but with a dark side; he was moaning in ecstasy and his eyes were closed, so he couldn't notice his father in the doorstep.

"Am I interrupting you?" Priest Hatimekh said and Edrok opened his eyes and hide his erection under the sheet.

"No... no... I-I... I'm not busy..." he whispered a bit tired and his heart, beating up like a mad horse.

"I see... Well, come with me now. We need to discuss about what happened last night," Hatimekh said.

"Sure... ju-just... give me a minute," Edrok said trying to recover his breath.

"Ok, I'll be waiting in the Main Room," his father said and left him alone.

Edrok laid his head on the pillow and sighed. He put on his tunic and left the room, trying to limp his erection. He walked slowly to the Main Room, finding out that his father wasn't alone, sitting in couple chairs were Pellek-garok and an old man he didn't knew, who wore a white tunic and a purple cloak on his shoulders.

"Finally Edrok, we were waiting for you. Shall we begin?" Priest Hatimekh said and the guests nodded, "Good, let's go straight to the point," he said.

"Father, what are we gonna discuss?" Edrok asked.

"We need to stop that crazy bitch. This is unacceptable, she will bring more suffering to this town," Hatimekh said.

"Who?" Edrok asked a bit lost.

"Priest Kebok's daughter, Aalyat..." Hatimekh answered in a low whisper.

"Ok, ok, would you like to make a little explanation? Because I'm not really understanding why she would put us in risk?" Edrok said and his father caressed his beard really worried before the unknown man stood up.

"I will tell you, Edrok. You weren't born when this began..." the unknown man said and sighed, "My name is Themeon, I was the Supreme Priest of Baal at Gath-padalla; when Priest Kebok's father, Kerebok, married a dedicated woman... Ishalyat..."

"Sorry, but I still don't get it. Speak straight, Priest Themeon," Edrok said.

"What I know, it's not easy to tell, Edrok... in that time, war was more common than today, and there were many dead. Kerebok was a Priest of Ishtar, and in the middle of the battle for our town, he had to run away with his wife to the East, the Home of the gods. Ishalyat was quiet but helpful woman when she was living with us, before the battle. But the woman that returned from Mesopotamia wasn't the same... like... like if she had a dark spirit inside of her," Themeon said.

"Ok... let me see if I got it right. You are saying that we should stop Priest Aalyat because her grandmother changed after meeting the gods? Sorry, but I don't fall with it," Edrok said with skeptic voice.

"My son, listen the rest of the story," Priest Hatimekh muttered and Edrok sighed believing he was wasting his time.

"Normally, an encounter with the gods it's a wonderful and joyful experience. But when her child Kebok was born; she lost her judgment. She insisted that salvation from the wrath of the gods could be provided only by Dark Ashtoreth, an evil and dark spirit banished from the home of the gods. Now this evil entity captivated most of our population, attracted by the darkest and most profane rituals that I've ever seen, each ritual was worse than the other; and..." Themeon stopped and Edrok could noticed a fear spark in his gaze.

"And?" he asked.

"And then, it happened. She murdered her husband Kerebok because he wasn't loyal to her blasphemous goddess, using the rite you discovered last night in one of the Temples of the Night. Women were out of control in those times and giving out their bodies to get men under their feet. I met your grandfather, and together we realized we had to stop her before our society would be reversed in a twisted reality. She had many fanatics by her side and it was nearly impossible to get closer to her, so we joined her cult to proceed with our plan. Baal provided us knowledge and courage to do it and but the worst thing was coming. As I said before, she seemed to have a dark spirit inside of her, and we found out the truth; she was channelizing her spirit with the demoness and by the time it was completed, Dark Ashtoreth would have a physical form to enslave all the men and get her revenge." Themeon said and Edrok had was speechless and astonished.

"But... how it has relation with Aalyat?"

"When we killed Ishalyat, she made a prophecy a few minutes before. "I will come back, and when that happens... I will shatter every men in this filthy world." We saved the world that day, but her fanatics were around, and kept the cult in far places, like here. Most of them were really ashamed for their behavior and we gave them mercy. But a few weren't sorry for their crimes and recruited more women for her goddess," the old man said.

"Women?" Edrok asked perplexed.

"Yes, they also recruited men, but not many were willing to give up their... manhood," Themeon explained.

"What do you mean?" Edrok said.

"The women fanatics had two signs, in order to be recognized. One, they are extremely beautiful and charming from the outside, and two, they have dicks instead of pussies like normal women, an insane lust for men and their butts, and cold souls,"

Edrok stayed in silence and thought, "Whaaaat? This man must be joking; how so? I guess she is just gifted and all this is bullshit." Just because Aalyat has a dick (and what a dick, he thought with his mouth moistened) doesn't mean she is a freak woman, in some point. Pellek-garok asked a few questions to Hatimekh and Themeon while Edrok was daydreaming with Aalyat, alone in his room and polishing that huge dong with his mouth, before jumping on her and guiding it to his tight and now hungry asshole. When he imagined that meat trespassing his back door and how it would feel, he closed his eyes and let escape a moan from his mouth.

"Anything wrong, Edrok?" Pellek-garok said when he heard it.

"No-no... everything is fine. But I have more doubts now,"

"Just ask, Edrok..." his father said.

"Well, Priest Themeon; so you think somehow Aalyat is going to unleash the Dark Ashtoreth's revenge and we have to stop her. Now tell me, aren't you overreacting a bit with the memories of your past? No offense..."

"Young man, this society was about to become in an oppressive matriarchy! Just think about it, can you imagine a woman as a general, or king? And that's not the worst, no men would have stood a chance against any of them, with their beautiful bodies, you would be fascinated and before you could try to run away, a dick is drilling your tight virgin ass, do you want a world like that?" Themeon asked nervous.

"I mean, isn't just a coincidence? Of course I can't imagine a women ruling a kingdom, but we already have many priestess..." Edrok argued.

"And that's because women have better connections with the gods. But Edrok, Priest Themeon is right... just think about this: you are coming home after a long day worshipping the gods and working hard, and you just want to have a nice food and fuck your wife, but instead; your beautiful and faithful wife seduces you and when your senses and guard are down, she takes off her tunic and you discover a hard cock between her legs and then she spreads your legs and fucks your asshole," Priest Hatimekh said.

"Oh gods... that sounds terrible," Pellek-garok said with panic.

"Father, let's say I believe everything Priest Themeon said. How will we stop Aalyat then?" Edrok asked.

"Edrok, are you saying that I am a liar?" Themeon said.

"No, no, I mean..."

"Son! Are you thinking that a world like that would be perfect?" Priest Hatimekh said.

"No, of course not," Edrok said and thought, "I think it would be."

"I know there are a few fanatics out there, do you know about any here?" Themeon asked to Hatimekh.

"There are a few here, but they repented,"

"We need to know if they are helping Aalyat in any way, and we need to stop her now," Themeon demanded.

"She will torture her poor victim tonight, at the Temple," Hatimekh remembered, "She won't do it," Themeon said.

Tired of their arguments, Edrok told them he needed to do some important things and left the room. Meanwhile, Dogannu was sleeping, trying to rest his body before the night, when he had a dream. A blonde naked woman was in front of him, and he saw her hard dick; eight veiny inches, she seemed very familiar but when he looked well, it was a different woman. He thought it was Aalyat, but her cock seemed a little shorter than hers, and the woman in front of him had green eyes and a strange mark on her left leg but that thing was alive, crawling in her skin and rising thru her leg.

"Dogannu... Dogannu... Dogannu..." she muttered with a deep sexy voice. She didn't seem familiar, and Dogannu thought why she knew his name. He realized he was naked too, and tried to cover his parts but she shook her head and he slowly put his hand away.

"Dogannu... Dogannu... Dogannu..." she repeated again. There was something mesmerizing in her voice, but he wasn't afraid of her, in spite of his last encounter with a woman like her didn't end well for him. Although he was a bit nervous, he thought she wouldn't harm him and she gave two steps forward.

"Dogannu... Dogannu... Dogannu..." said the mysterious woman for the third time. All the thoughts he had disappeared and Dogannu saw her grinning as she moved forward again. Once again, he tried to wonder who she was but nothing came to his head, finally he resolved to ask her but wasn't sure to be able to speak; he felt his mouth and tongue dry without reason but his heart was burning with the need to know her.

"Who are you?" he was able to pronounce and when the words came out of his mouth, he suddenly felt relief.

"Your Destiny..." the woman said and her words heard like an echo. "My destiny? I don't understand any of this," Dogannu thought. His eyes checked every inch of her curvy body, the black mark in her leg was now around the torso like a serpent; she smiled again and Dogannu wasn't sure now if she was about to harm him or not, but the fact she knew his name got him thinking.

"How do you know my name?" he mumbled.

She didn't answer and turned around. Dogannu tried to follow her but his legs didn't move, no matter how hard he tried, he was paralyzed, "Wait! Don't go!" he shouted and she stopped. The stranger woman turned around and got closer to Dogannu, and he could admire her flawless skin, besides the dark stain running thru, she was perfect. No scars or burns, he wondered how good it would feel touching her.

"Can I?" he said and extended his hand to touch her but she shook her head and he moved it back.

"What are you looking for?" she said in formal tone.

"I don't know," he answered and she smiled again and vanished. He extended his hand once again and screamed a long "No!"

He woke up sweaty and his right hand was extended. "What happened?" he muttered and recovered his breath, that was the most realistic dream he ever had and thought about the blonde woman in it. His mother came inside as she heard him screaming, he said he was fine and asked her the time of the day, it was almost sunset and the fear returned to his body.

Aalyat was at home sharpening a knife, she was ready for the second night of Samikhred Usim and her hungry cock, prepared to deliver a hard assfuck to Dogannu. A knock came from the main door and she wondered who was, with no maidens around she stood up and carried her knife; she opened the door and in front of her was Edrok.

"You. What do you want?" Aalyat said with indifference.

"My respects, Priest Aalyat," Edrok said and made a reverence, "Your beauty is breathtaking, I would like to talk to you,"

"Ok, say what you have to say and leave. I don't have time for you," she answered annoyed.

"My goddess, no reason to be angry. You know, you are a strong light among the darkness that surround us," he said with devotion and Aalyat raised an eyebrow.

"Oh right, I think I'm getting your point. And no, you're not my type," and made an attempt to close the door but Edrok avoided it with his hand.

"But, what you did last night with my..."

"That was only to draw a line between us, don't confuse the things; Edrok..." she admitted.

"I see... well, then I guess my information is not important for you," Edrok said melancholy and Aalyat changed her gaze.

"What information?"

"Something I heard, but forget it; you have no time for me..." he said and she sighed irritated, his trick had worked and now she was intrigued, "Ok, come in. But you're going to talk fast and leave faster," Aalyat muttered and stepped aside, Edrok smirked and came in.

Edrok told Aalyat everything he had heard from Priest Themeon. The wrath inside Aalyat burned like a thousand suns, she held the knife with so much strength that her hand was paler than the rest of her skin. Edrok didn't notice any of the signs she was showing, and instead, he was out of his body, and strangely excited; craving for her cock.

"Edrok? Edrok? Hey, can you hear me!?" Aalyat said with tired voice, interrupting his fantasy.

"Yes, my goddess..."

"I think you are a good man after sharing this with me. Dark Ashtoreth will reward you,"

"Yes..." he mumbled mesmerized and Aalyat sighed unsatisfied, "Stand up..." she said and Edrok obeyed. She observed a notorious bulge between his legs, "Men... always thinking with the other head," she thought and stood up. She got closer and with one hand she grabbed his stiff cock over the tunic, Edrok closed his eyes and moaned; Aalyat gazed at him with apathy and repulsion, "So primitive... it's a pity..." Aalyat thought and she increased the strength of her hand. He felt his cock becoming limper and his sphincter completely alive for the first time of his life, an unknown feeling took over his body and his only desire now was to taste her dick... in both of his holes.

The pressure in his cock was firm, Edrok looked into those grey eyes and all his inside melt like hot bronze. With the other hand, Aalyat grabbed his balls firmly and Edrok howled; she gazed at his face with an evil appearance that he couldn't see, because his eyes were closed after he lost his senses. The Priestess of the Night pulled up and her victim cried out pleased, from his testicles he felt a tingly sense and Edrok spurted one shot of cum, but when Aalyat felt the warmth liquid; she pressed his dick harder and he couldn't release the rest of his orgasm. Just when Aalyat dropped his dick and balls, Edrok squirted a little amount of cum that ended up in his leg.

"Leave," Aalyat said.

Edrok was breathing heavily and his forefront was covered in sweat, his legs were weakened and he could barely keep his balance; but he turned around and reaching the front door, he opened it and walked away. The priestess cleaned her hand and grabbed the knife and returned to her duty; Edrok's information was precious, now she had to find a way to get rid of the increasing atmosphere of conflict and menace over her. In the meantime, Aalyat moved around and entered in her room; taking with her a long thin white phallus.

Mirlya left her house to visit Diamnith before the rite. But when she arrived, she knocked her door several times and Diamnith never came out. She became worried about it, Diamnith hardly left her home but only when she had to worship Sun. She came back home and took her veil and black tunic and waited for the men who would carry her son to the temple.

Eventually, the guards of Priest Hatimekh arrived and they took Dogannu in custody. Edrok was leading them but Dogannu noticed he was a bit different, his gaze had a weird look he couldn't be sure of what it was. Mirlya followed them but she headed right to the Temple of the Night, Dogannu and his captors walked to Priest Hatimekh's house; the young man was surprised when he spotted some of the main priests in Ashtaroth and an old man he didn't knew.


"Untie him," ordered Priest Hatimekh to the guards and they obeyed. Dogannu wondered why Priest Hatimekh would give such order, "Listen to me carefully, the gods know I made a mistake when I let Aalyat torture you in such way, but we are gonna try to help you," Priest Hatimekh said.

"There's nothing... nothing, you words are empty... my life is ruined, my only hope... is to spit the faces of the gods and tell them they were wrong..." Dogannu replied with anger.

"Boy, you ignore a lot of things. You also need to show respect to the gods, you still breathing thanks to them," Themeon spoke and Dogannu looked at him with irony.

"Thanks to them? I'm still alive because that miserable whore didn't kill me last night, I don't owe anything to the gods," he stated.

"Dogannu, there are so many things you ignore. But we will save you, no matter if I have to put my life in risk," Hatimekh promised.

"You will not safe me... let's finish this..." Dogannu said and once again, the guards of Priest Hatimekh tie him up and guided him out of the house.

They walked the same path of the night before, but this time the group was bigger. Themeon and Hatimekh talked to each other in low whispers the whole route and Dogannu wondered about what they were talking about. But soon he had other things to think about, when he saw the cave crack to go inside of the Temple of the Night. Once again, Dogannu saw the sacred vessels and flames before reaching the near center of the temple.

The altar was ready and surrounded by red candles, the Priestesses of Sun (now serving Dark Ashtoreth) were around the platform. Aalyat was naked and all ready for Dogannu, she had the white phallus in her left hand; the guards accompanied him to the altar and left him there. Two priestesses grabbed him and put him in front of Aalyat, she smiled and Dogannu felt an unnatural cold crawling under his skin.

"My dear Wicked One... once again you're here..." Aalyat said in low tone. Her body was shining as she was sweated.

"Please... I won't resist another night..." Dogannu pleaded and she demanded silence with her hand.

"Am I not benevolent? Do you think am I treating you miserably?" she said and her face adopted an inexpressive gaze and Dogannu was careful to pick his words.

"No... you are... considerate. But please... please, I beg you; let me go..."

"You don't want to be with me, do you?" Aalyat said in tender voice but Dogannu thought she was trying to get him to commit a mistake.

"No... no, I mean, I want to be with you... but please..."

"I can be whoever you want... if you behave well, I promise to be nice tonight..." she said with sweet voice.

Dogannu nodded and Aalyat put her arms around his neck, he looked into those grey cold eyes; to his surprise her eyes were full of tears but he wasn't sure if it was real or not. Aalyat caressed his face and using her phallus she rubbed it all over Dogannu's, then she began to strip off his clothes. Again, he couldn't move any muscle, he really wanted to run away but something deep inside him wanted to stay there no matter how brutal Aalyat could be, when both were naked and their cocks rubbing against each other; the priestess laid him down on the altar and kissed him desperately.

Trapped between her and the floor, Dogannu stayed motionless while she was doing her part. She kissed him passionately and dropped the phallus, to grab his face with both hands. He didn't want to be expecting and he wrapped his arms around her and embraced her body, she broke the kiss and Dogannu could feel the coldness disappeared of her eyes, "Open your mouth," she commanded and he obeyed. Aalyat spat some saliva in his mouth and took the phallus and shoved it inside, "Suck it good for me..." she added and Dogannu did it. She slid it slowly up and down, Dogannu covered it with saliva really fast and he closed his eyes while sucking it.

"Mmm... you suck it good. Keep going, Wicked One..." she muttered.

His body was feeling hotter than before, due to Aalyat's sweat body was over him. Her 9'5" inches were hard and ready, pressed between their stomachs and dripping precum. Themeon, Hatimekh and the others were watching with horrified gaze in their faces; the priestesses surrounding the altar were whispering the sacred words to worship Dark Ashtoreth. Against all odds, Dogannu knew his dick was hard and he really wanted more than just sucking a white phallus, but he kept sucking because he didn't want to provoke Aalyat's wrath.

She was moving her body, rubbing it against Dogannu's; her cock was feeling much better and both like the sensation of their naked bodies massaging each other. Aalyat pulled out the phallus from Dogannu's mouth and kissed him again, more aggressively; and he feared the worst was coming and tried to push her away. But she hugged him harder and didn't let him move, then she kissed and licked his neck desperate; she really wanted him so bad and nothing would stop her.

"Ah... mmm... you're mine..." she mumbled while eating out Dogannu's neck. He let out a girlish moan and she became more aggressive. Meanwhile, Themeon saw the increase of Aalyat's lust and Dogannu's response and was worried, "Priest Hatimekh, we need to act now before this young man loses his discernment," he whispered to Hatimekh, "Not now, we are not sure all the people here is by her side," Priest Hatimekh said.

But it was late, Aalyat's dark side was coming out like a storm and she bit Dogannu's neck, he yelled out in pain and her response was to dig her nails in his left shoulder, "I will be nice..." she whispered in his ear and continued licking and sucking his neck. "She's gonna kill me..." Dogannu thought anguished but he respond, his nails scratched her back and Aalyat moaned pleased, "Yes... yes..." she mumbled and licked Dogannu's cheek. He repeated it and nailed her back the hardest way he could and made her bleed, however she didn't complain or seemed in pain, instead; she enjoyed it and laughed... her laugh sounded cold and inhuman, "Yes Wicked One... harder... do it again and again..." she provoked him with an evil gaze and Dogannu pleased her and make her bleed more.

Dogannu obeyed her command for two reasons: he didn't want to disobey her and he really wanted to inflict her pain. So he nailed her back even harder, and made her scream so loud that her echo could be hear outside the temple, Themeon fell on his knees and prayed to Baal so the god could come and stop the wicked ceremony. But nothing happened.

Aalyat smirked while rubbing her hands without control all over Dogannu's face and neck, his hands were covered in blood, she went down kissing his chest and stomach, before reaching his stiff dick. Aalyat gulped all that dick once and the glans touched the back of her throat, she grabbed Dogannu's balls really tight and he yelled out, she was choking on his dick but she didn't took it out; coughed a bit but she kept the dick inside while her saliva was covering all of it.

Finally Aalyat took out Dogannu's cock and she coughed and tried to recover her breath. She slapped the dick with her palm and also slapped his balls, she bit them a bit and he moaned excited; Dogannu was able to see the blood dripping slowly from her back and it was flowing over her ribs. The Priestess played with that cock, using her teeth to tease Dogannu but with no intentions to bite it, passing her tongue up and down then sucked those balls.

"Your evil insults still not forgotten..." Aalyat muttered and she sat on his thighs. Her soft feet touched his balls and Dogannu thought what she was doing, when Aalyat busted his balls. He yelled in pain but she didn't let him recover and kicked them again, one foot and then the other; the agony was unbearable for Dogannu and he close his eyes as Aalyat kicked his balls every three seconds. There was nothing else in his mind, the keen feeling from his balls was anguishing; but she ignored it and kept the ball busting.

Eventually she stopped and Dogannu remained with his eyes closed, trying to recover the sensibility; but she helped him with that. Her feet that were torturing his balls; now rubbed his testicles carefully and then she teased his cock, before stroking it with both feet together. It was a different way of foreplay, but he liked those feet rubbing his cock and balls, Dogannu relaxed and Aalyat grinned and her feet moved up and down faster. He moaned but his orgasm was far away, the ball busting had its intended effect on him.

The Priestess stretched her leg and her foot touched Dogannu's face. Her toes played with his lips and one by one, she stuck them inside his mouth; she shook and rotated her foot inside and Dogannu just mumbled, licked and sucked Aalyat's foot. She closed her eyes while grinning and moving her hips, Dogannu caressed her leg while sucking her foot, he took out her foot and lick it up and down; Aalyat sighed pleased, her other foot caressed Dogannu's nipple and pinched it.

"Oh Wicked One... keep going... suck my toes and foot..." Aalyat grinned.

Meanwhile, Themeon was talking with Hatimekh in low whispers; but when he was ready to give an order to his soldiers, they remained on guard and didn't follow the command. Aalyat howled when Dogannu bit her ankle, she dug her nails in his thigh and Dogannu tensed his body and avoided screaming by introducing her toes inside his mouth. The couple were playing rough, in Dogannu's defense he was trying to cause her all the pain he could, if she were ready to tear his asshole she would suffer at least.

The priestesses around the altar kept repeating the sacred words, Mirlya was in expectation for her beloved son, but she was afraid to do something by her own. Instead, with her eyes full of tears; she saw her dear son possessed by the dark rite. Aalyat had enough and stood up, with no efforts she turned him around and left his ass exposed, she made him raised up his butt and placed her hands on his buttocks and massaged them.

"Time has come... again. Let's get right acquainted," Aalyat said.

She put her glans between those buttocks and pushed in. Her dick beat the light resistance of Dogannu's sphincter and made its way inside, he moaned and closed his fists; the Priestess put her hands on his back and her dick sneaked inside that hot hole. The pain was way bearable and his hungry hole swallowed all those 9'5" inches without problems.

Aalyat didn't move for about a minute, then she moved her waist in circles, so her dick wiggled inside his bowels. Dogannu howled and saw to the roof of the temple, the amazing feeling of her cock rotating inside, delivering waves of pleasure to his body; corrupting his soul. Aalyat didn't stop and swelled her rotation, she put her hands on his shoulders to keep a stable balance; she added a slight thrusting move and Dogannu yelled and opened wide his mouth.

"Oh gods...!" he shouted and his sacred lover grinned.

Softcore side of Aalyat was over and the real rite began. She set a slow pace but after she massage Dogannu's shoulders, she dug her nails and he cursed loud as she thrust him harder. With reckless abandon, Aalyat swelled her pace even more and grabbed the phallus that was aside and she shoved into his mouth; he gagged with the foreign object and covered with lots of saliva.

"Yeah... that's it. Suck that fucking phallus, Wicked One..." she mumbled and moaned in his ear.

Aalyat kept shoving her monster dick in and out of Dogannu, both were moaning agitated but pleased. She balanced her weight and wiggled her dick faster, shaking Dogannu's body. He couldn't do anything, just suck her phallus and eagerly welcome her prick inside of him. She stopped and put Dogannu's face in the floor, so his ass could be as high as possible, then she mounted him; the relentless fucking was just beginning and the Holy Priestess didn't hesitate and pounded her victim's ass nonstop and really hard.

It wasn't like the first night, every pain had lessened and Dogannu was enjoying the ritual. However, there was a minor part of his brain claiming to turn the tables on her and take control; but he remained submissive. That pecker drilling and molding his ass was so good, he howled out of control and Aalyat offered him her toes so he could be busy doing something else than just moaning and shouting.

They changed the position and the Priestess laid down on the altar and Dogannu jumped on her, then her glans prodded his sphincter and it was back inside; her wild pace drove Dogannu crazy and he laid his head on her breast, moaning and whining. When he recovered after the first minutes, he bit her left boob and Aalyat grinned and swelled the pace, her balls were slapping so hard that Dogannu thought those nuts would end inside his bowels in any moment.

"Go on... don't stop..." she gasped and Dogannu opened his mouth and bit all what he could and pulled angrily.

The evil woman kept going and spanked his ass, Dogannu didn't shouted as his mouth was full, he made more pressure with his teeth and Aalyat cursed, pleased and happy. Diamnith looked at them and she saw a dark shadow touching the Priestess' body, when she palmed Mirlya's shoulder so she could see, the shadow was gone; fear and reverence invaded her body and she kept her eyes looking to the floor.

Dogannu held tight Aalyat's neck and choke her. She laughed and fucked him harder, it seemed she didn't have problems with rough sex; that wasn't normal. When she calmed down, the only thing it could be heard in the temple was her balls slapping against Dogannu's ass, and grabbing his buttocks. Finally their mouths met and Aalyat sneaked her tongue inside of his mouth, Dogannu doubted at first but then surrender to her lust.

She stopped and they continued kissing and touching their sweat bodies, when their lips separated Aalyat bit and pulled Dogannu's lips a little, he moaned and she grinned satisfied; showing who was in control of everything.

"Gods... this is so atrocious..." Themeon whispered frightened.

Aalyat slid under Dogannu and gulped his dick. He sat on her neck, and as she did last night he wrapped his legs around her neck while shoving his dick in her mouth, she put her hands on his thighs and scratched them hard and showed him her good sucking skills. From time to time, Dogannu pulled out his cock and she sucked his balls instead, playing with them and biting them a bit, he moaned and felt his tool was getting harder, if possible.

After a long choking blowjob, Aalyat had enough and pretending to bite his dick, Dogannu let her go. She laughed and pinned him down, then she spread his legs and his sored ass was exposed again, she took the phallus again and prodded his butt; Dogannu howled and relaxed his body for what it was coming, she shoved the phallus half way and fucked his ass deep and hard, the other hand was stroking his dick.

"Wicked One, tell me how much you like it" she grinned while shoving in and out the phallus.

"I love it, Priestess...!" Dogannu moaned and bit his lips in ecstasy.

The pace of her hand increased, the phallus was hitting his prostate and he felt the orgasm closer. But when he was about to spurt his load, she stopped, "Why did you stop!!??" he shouted hysterical, after his orgasm had been denied.

Aalyat withdrew the phallus and spat his ass. Dogannu felt her hand massaging his sphincter and he knew her intentions, "Don't... don't be so mean, please..." he begged and she nodded, "I will not... trust me," she said and slid one finger inside. He moaned and saw her sultry curvy body covered in sweat, Aalyat caressed his stomach while finger fucking his ass. Then she sneaked a second finger, and swelled the pace; the other hand went to his dick and stroke it again.

"Don't stop please!" he begged and Aalyat smirked.

"I won't..."

Adding a rotation motion, she dug her fingers deep and kept jerking Dogannu's tool fast, he was moaning out of control. Shoving a third finger, she exhaled and moved faster, her victim screamed thanking her and begging to cum and yes, she will make his wish come true.

Her pet was willingly receptive, so she pushed and her fist was sliding inside once again. Dogannu opened his mouth and eyes shocked and cried out delighted, she moved her fist slowly and rotating it, magnifying the anal pleasure of Dogannu and she kept going faster. Combined with the masturbation, he shrieked and the only thought in his mind was spurting his seed all over.

"Beg me to make you cum!! BEG ME!!" Aalyat yelled out erratically.

"PLEEEEAASEEEE!!" Dogannu shouted, driven mad by the desire to cum.

The Priestess didn't stop fisting his ass and jerking his dick and raised the pace so bad that her screamed joined Dogannu's and then his cock exploded so hard, a river of hot cum spurted out and filled his stomach and pelvis. Aalyat ended tired and resting her face on Dogannu's belly after he had his explosive orgasm, she didn't care if her face was partially covered by his cum, she licked some of it. He barely could move or do anything else, his breath was weak but he was satisfied, Aalyat withdrew her fist, and his ass was stretched and pleased.

She caressed his body, spreading the cum all over him. She kissed his chest and licked his nipples, Aalyat had a tender gaze that Dogannu couldn't see; until she put her head on his shoulder.

"This... was... I don't have words... for this," she whispered.

"Uh huh..." Dogannu mumbled. He wasn't able to talk after the best orgasm of his entire life.

Aalyat embraced him with a light smile in her lips and kissed his cheek. When she recovered her energies, she stood up and left the altar, waving her hands to the priestesses so they could take care of Dogannu. Meanwhile, the few witnesses of the rite were standing up the benches and preparing to leave.

"Priest Hatimekh, I need to ask you something," Priest Themeon said.

"Go ahead..." Hatimekh said when they crossed the two sacred vessels in the entry.

"Did you saw that shadow upon Aalyat?"

"What shadow?" Hatimekh asked confused.

"There was a shadow upon her... you know what it means..." he said worried.

"I know, but as I said, I didn't see any," Hatimekh muttered.

Behind them, Edrok was walking by inertia, he was cursing the luck of Dogannu, he wanted Aalyat's cock for himself. At the Inner Atrium, the priestesses of Sun prepared the stretcher to carry Dogannu; Lamysh, Regda were helping Mirlya and Diamnith, Akimaah, Kesri and Pholyshaah were carrying the stretcher.

A dark silhouette wearing a black tunic with a hood on the head was walking in the empty streets of Ashtaroth, the unknown person hided when the group of Hatimekh and Themeon showed up. Then the group of the Priestesses of Sun appeared and left Dogannu and Mirlya at home, finally Aalyat arrived escorted by her two guards.

"Priestess Aalyat..." the stranger said and stood up in front of her.

"Guards, don't do anything," Aalyat ordered to them and they kept their swords in the scabbards, "Any news for me?" she added.

"Yes, the oracle of Dark Ashtoreth has spoken... it's time..." the stranger affirmed.

Aalyat grinned and looked her guards, "You know what to do..." she mumbled. The guards saluted her and leave her alone with the stranger.

"I have another task for you," Aalyat said.

"Your wishes are my command," the foreigner person said with a reverence.

"Kill the other," she said and the stranger kneeled down, kissed her hand and walked away.

The End.


The Priestess of the Night - Night 03
byLiver96©

Well, after part 1 and 2, always comes part 4. Why? Because... because... any suggestions about why? Things might escalate quickly or not in this chapter, check the previous parts to (not) understand this one, better not. Some characters will (not) show their motivations, memories and plans, and it will (not) take us to the big question: what's the meaning of Dogannu's dream? Is Aalyat the incarnation of Evil or trapped in someone else's plan? Why are the Priests (not) moving fast to save Dogannu? Who's the stranger that (did not) appear at the end of Ch.02? Well, time to find out...

PD: Too many (k)not's, I know. Edited by my friend FelixRyder *thumbs up*

The next morning, Dogannu woke up a bit confused, tired, and less sore than the previous night. Once again he had that strange dream and again he couldn't talk at all to the mysterious naked woman. But he was sure about one single thing, her voice and her entire body were very beautiful like she was out of this world. He got up and grabbed an old tunic to use in his shower. Mirlya was already up and preparing bread on the fire with the last of the flour she had kept safe, held by two flat dishes made of bronze.

His thoughts returned to Aalyat and he couldn't avoid letting escape a lonely tear. He remembered her as a sweet and good girl from his childhood, his love at first sight, more precious than the air he breathed and all the good in his world but he didn't recognize her the first night. Last night, after the ritual and noticing her face and smile were so familiar he asked his mother if she was the same Aalyat daughter of Elanya and Kebok and granddaughter of Ishalyat. When she nodded, his world crumbled. With a different look and heart, she wasn't the same woman he met, and now she was back after many years to punish his body and soul. Nevertheless, he couldn't deny that their last encounter was way more pleasant than the first one, and once again that strange dark feeling invaded him.

''This is not right, stop thinking about her. Maybe she forgot you after all these years,'' he thought.

A mix of anger, compassion and lust were fighting inside of him but also intrigue, because he knew that his strange dream had some meaning but as he couldn't leave his house, he couldn't consult with a priest or a prophet, and he wasn't sure about opening his heart to his mother.

Meanwhile, at Priest Hatimekh's house, Edrok was doing silly and filthy things to his mattress made of straw and protected by lots of wrapped cloth. He pretended his mattress was Aalyat, and he was delivering hard thrusts over and over until he was sweaty and breathing heavy, thinking how it would be to fuck her asshole.

''What are you doing, for the gods' sake!?'' Priest Hatimekh yelled when he opened the door of his room carefully, after hearing his groans.

''Father! I-I... I was...'' Edrok mumbled but he was ashamed and had no excuses.

''When you finish with your insane... perversion, I'll be waiting for you,'' the priest said and walked away.

Edrok turned around and tried to recover his breath again, his abdomen was moving up and down fast after the short and furious action he performed to his bed. He changed and picked a beige tunic to give a break to his large collection of white tunics. When he was ready, he left the room and went to the meeting with his father.

Meanwhile, Aalyat opened her eyes and yawned. She had a great headache and when she looked to the table next to her, she saw a strange black glass with perverse silhouettes, full of a black liquid; she opened her eyes wide and then she felt different. She forgot to drink it after fucking Dogannu last night. All her memories and her soul belonged to her once again.

''Gods, I think I'm free! After many years,'' she thought.

The light of the sun was bright and she got up, her naked flawless body leaving the sheets. Aalyat distinguished her fine black transparent tunic over a small table close to her bed. She closed her eyes whilst her skin felt the delicate touch of the tunic sliding over her body; it was an intoxicating sensation that made her smile. The hot priestess sighed and Dogannu came to her thoughts.

''My dear Dogannu,'' she mumbled but she couldn't reprimand a guilty feeling when the flashes of the last days came to her mind.

Grabbing a golden bracelet, she adjusted it on her left wrist and left her bedroom. Accompanied by her bodyguards, she headed to Dogannu's house; people in the street kneeled when she walked in front of them. After walking most of the main street, Aalyat turned to the right, into a small street with two-floor houses that was a side route to the town market; finally, she stood in front of the house of Priestess Mirlya and her guards called out.

The woman came out when she heard someone calling her and she saw Priestess Aalyat with her guards. She became a bit nervous. Aalyat's gaze was severe and tough.

''Priestess Aalyat! It's an honor... what brings you to your humble servant's house?'' Mirlya said.

''I've come to see your son, Mirlya,'' she answered.

''Sure... sure, he is inside, eating. If you can sit and wait I can tell him you are here,'' Mirlya detailed, and Aalyat nodded. She told her guards to stay outside and she followed Mirlya inside her house.

Pointing to a chair, Mirlya told her to sit and wait, then she went back to tell her son about Aalyat's presence. Aalyat checked with curiosity at all that surrounded her, from the tools in a corner that belonged to Hanoth to the several sculptures of the gods in the other corner. It was a small room and it didn't have a lot of objects or goodies, but Aalyat liked it, simple and familiar. Mirlya returned and told her Dogannu was willing to meet her, so the young priestess stood up and followed Mirlya.

''Dogannu is outside, but if you wish, you can tell him to talk in his room,'' Mirlya suggested.

''It's ok, thanks for everything, Priestess Mirlya. I know this is inappropriate from me,'' Aalyat excused herself for her unexpected visit.

''Don't say such things. It's an honor to have you in my house,'' Mirlya said with a smile, but thinking the opposite and being alert, just in case Aalyat came with other intentions.

Aalyat left the table for food behind and reached the backyard of the house. Dogannu was sitting on a wood box, and close to him there was another; she sat down and looked at him. Her gaze adopted a tender look and she sighed.

''Why are you here?'' he asked with a slight roughness in his voice.

''I came to see you,'' she said with a humble voice.

''Oh... that's great,'' Dogannu said in a harsh sarcastic voice. ''Now I'm not the Wicked One, am I?"

She remained in silence, looking at him. She was desperate, feeling a burning sensation in her soul. She had to say it but an evil inner sense returned to block her; she anguished, knowing it wasn't easy to be free but she had to try.

''I'm sorry,'' she muttered.

Aalyat felt relief when those words came out of her mouth. Dogannu was speechless, as he didn't understand what Aalyat was pretending.

''You are sorry?''

''I know you will not believe me, but I didn't have another choice,'' Aalyat said.

''Of course you had another. Instead, you acted like the gods,'' Dogannu muttered with hate.

He saw her for a while, and something didn't make sense for him. Her gaze was different, out of arrogance and coldness, and he lowered down his guard.

The Priestess of the Night looked to the sky and then at him, and breathed.

''I like you,'' she confessed.

From all the things she said and her gazes, this one caught Dogannu. He stared at her and he knew she wasn't playing with him.

''You have a strange way to show your love,'' Dogannu said.

''Dogannu... I still remember the first time I saw you when we were children, do you remember it?'' Aalyat said with a soft voice.

Like his memory was part of a glorious whirlwind of colors and emotions, he closed his eyes and when he opened them again, he saw a cute tender girl walking next to her mother. It was Aalyat... pale skin and long blonde hair like her mother. In a matter of seconds, their gazes crossed for the first time and the young girl smiled at him shyly. Dogannu waved his hand in response until Aalyat's mother noticed the situation and after dedicating a cold gaze to the kid, she pulled her daughter's arm to the other side and walked away. But the girl looked back and waved her hand as well.

After that vivid flashback, Dogannu returned to the present, and Aalyat was sitting in front of him.

''You were so different... but now, after refreshing my memories, I can detect your mother's gaze in yours,'' he affirmed.

She didn't refute his comment.

''I want to tell you so many things... but I can't,'' Aalyat said.

''You can't expect me to believe you then, the only relation we have now is a merciless rite,'' Dogannu said.

''I'm trying to be as gentle as I can,'' she excused herself.

''Really!?'' Dogannu shouted, offended. ''YOU ALMOST KILL ME THE FIRST NIGHT! And now you are telling me that you love me!? What kind of heartless woman are you?'' he yelled possessed by uncontrollable wrath.

She didn't answer immediately and Dogannu saw a lonely tear sliding down her cheek.

''You didn't complain too much last night,'' she said with an affected voice.

That was true... despite her being a bit rough, he could bear the whole ritual without receiving a lot of pain from her and he also delivered pain to her, not only that; but at the end of it, Dogannu even grinned because he liked what they did. Something dark and strange inside him woke last night as well and he admitted he liked the experience.

''It's not me, it's like... like a dark shadow... and then I lose control,'' she mumbled and buried her face between her hands, without being able to contain her tears.

Now Dogannu didn't know what to do. He saw her crying in silence and then he stood carefully and moved closer, posing his hand over her shoulder. Aalyat calmed down and raised her head up, looking at his face; her beautiful grey eyes were reddened and the tears were ruining her dark make up.

''Look, I know you might feel remorse, but that isn't love,'' Dogannu said.

Aalyat stopped crying and cleaned her face with her tunic.

''So, what do you think it is?'' she asked firmly. ''This is what I feel for you, how I can show you I am not lying?''

She stood and looked at him, she was so close. Dogannu didn't have any idea because he never imagined this situation could ever happen but Aalyat did not hesitate. Giving another step forward, she was a few inches away from him and breathing closer; she put her arms around Dogannu's neck and kissed him.

He didn't push her away and embraced her body. Mirlya was looking at them behind the kitchen wall, and she couldn't believe what Aalyat and her son were doing. The Priestess was burning with desire and wishing that moment could last forever. After some minutes kissing slowly and passionately, they separated and both were breathing heavily; their foreheads made contact and they stayed like that, looking into each other's eyes. Dogannu was confused but he didn't want to go away.

''I wish you could love me as I love you,'' she whispered. ''I thought the first night you would recognize me, but you didn't. I recognized you but I was... I wasn't me that first night. And during the rite, I just unleashed my frustration but it wasn't me, I swear it for all the gods.''

''You went away for some years, and your hair changed. When my mother told me it was you... that broke my heart,'' Dogannu confessed.

She caressed his hair slowly and fought her dark side to tell more things to him.

''If I could end this, I would. But that would mean my...'' she stated and then stopped.

"That would mean what? Just be honest with me if you love me,'' he said, trying to find out her plans.

''I can't... you have no idea what I suffered when I was out of Ashtaroth... my only hope was to see you again and tell you the only truth of my heart. My mother had many secrets, and she always believed the prophecies of the rise of Dark Ashtoreth... a new order is about to come, and I want you to be by my side,'' she concluded.

''What do you mean by that?'' Dogannu asked.

''This world is going to change... but you won't need to worry if we are together,'' Aalyat said and kissed him quickly.

The Priestess of the Night rested her face on his shoulder, embracing Dogannu really hard. Mirlya showed up and they separated.

''Mother!'' Dogannu yelled, startled.

''Oh... I thought the Priestess was gone... well, I will... go back inside,'' she apologized and left them alone.

Aalyat got close again and hugged Dogannu. He didn't have any idea what to do but he wrapped his arms around her, having a storm of thoughts but he couldn't express any of them. The Priestess put her mouth close to his left ear and whispered.

''I'll see you tonight... Dogannu.''

She gave Dogannu one last kiss and left him alone. He was confused but at the same time a small joy invaded his anguished soul. Everything was so twisted and out of reality, but he kept all doubts to himself.

Aalyat crossed paths with Mirlya inside the house and ignored her farewell. Waving her hand to her guards, they escorted her back home.

At Priest Hatimekh's house, a secret council was taking place. Led by Hatimekh, there were other priests with him, all of them wearing large white tunics but Edrok, who wore a beige tunic. Themeon, Pellek-garok, Asded-abu (the Priest of Dagan), an old bald man with a big nose who was a friend of Hatimekh and Edrok. The only people missing were Diamnith and Kebok.

''Are we expecting someone else?'' Asded-abu asked when he noticed Hatimekh was impatient.

''Priest Kebok and Priestess Diamnith should be here,'' Hatimekh replied.

Pondering beginning without them, Hatimekh walked all over the Main Room and his son Edrok was fantasizing about Aalyat. A knock on the front door warned Hatimekh and he stopped walking in circles.

''It must be them,'' Themeon affirmed.

''I hope so,'' Hatimekh mumbled.

''I will make sure of it, father,'' Edrok commented.

The old priest nodded and Edrok walked to the front door. Seconds later he returned followed by Priestess Diamnith. She seemed nervous and sweaty.

''My apologies, priests. I was so busy worshipping Sun that I... totally forgot our meeting,'' Diamnith said. She breathed heavily three times, trying to catch her breath.

''Are you ok, Priestess Diamnith?'' Priest Hatimekh asked.

''Sure... I just... came as fast as I could, that's all,'' she affirmed.

''Good, now where's Priest Kebok?'' Asded-abu wondered.

''I think we should wait, what do you think, Priestess?'' Themeon asked.

Diamnith, distracted by her thoughts, reacted late and the priest repeated his suggestion.

''Yes... I mean, it's a good idea,'' she pointed. But there was something rare in her behavior because it was like she wasn't present with them.

They waited some time but Hatimekh, impatient and nervous, decided to speak. Exposing his fears and arguments, Priest Hatimekh suggested the only way to stop Aalyat was killing her, otherwise, the ritual would be completed and Dark Ashtoreth would return to unleash her wrath upon men.

''But Priest, how do you think we could get close to Aalyat? Slowly but steadily more fanatics of Dark Ashtoreth are arriving here, and tonight it's going to be clear that we don't have the numbers to make such commitment,'' Priest Asded-abu affirmed.

''Not only that, Priest Hatimekh. If the rite continues, it will only increase the strength of Dark Ashtoreth inside her; I think she knows that,'' Themeon analyzed.

''Father, when you say the strength of Dark Ashtoreth grows inside Priestess Aalyat, what exactly do you mean by that?'' Edrok asked, intrigued.

''Son... by the time the rite is completed, Priestess Aalyat will not exist and the goddess will... control her body, essentially destroying her spirit,'' Priest Hatimekh explained.

''That's why we need to stop her before the rite is over,'' Priest Themeon added.

Hatimekh nodded and then sat down in his elegant divan, trying to think. With the new waves of fanatics arriving at Ashtaroth, it meant they would need to act discreetly, so the only way to kill Aalyat was in her own house.

''I have an idea, but we need Priest Kebok so we can coordinate it. Where the fuck is that man, for El's sake?'' Hatimekh said impatiently.

''Admirable Priest, you can't forget the guards she has,'' Pellek-garok reminded. Hatimekh sighed, frustrated.

''We should send someone to see if he is fine and what happened to him,'' Asded-abu said.

''Send a servant to Priest Kebok's house, Edrok,'' Hatimekh ordered to his son.

He walked out of the Main Room and returned followed by one of his father's servants. Diamnith was looking to the roof while Edrok was crossing the room to head to Priest Kebok's house but then a big bump sounded from the front door. A man emerged wearing a warrior outfit, followed by other soldiers.

Kneeling in front of the priests, the warrior made an announcement, ''Priest Kebok is dead. A farmer found his body hidden in his stable.''

Everyone in the room was shocked after hearing those words. Diamnith covered her mouth with both hands, Priest Hatimekh seemed disturbed and clearly without hope; the only one who looked a bit normal was Edrok because of his unnatural hate for human life.

''For El's sake, you must be lying!'' Priest Hatimekh shouted desperately, but the warrior shook his head.

''I can confirm it, Noble Priest,'' the warrior said.

Suddenly, all the plans they were elaborating on crumbled and faded. Without Priest Kebok, it was nearly impossible to get close to Aalyat... unless a desperate enough solution was suggested.

''This is it... we have no hope,'' Priest Pellek-garok muttered.

''We cannot give up just like that, we must do something!'' Priest Themeon barked, anguished.

''Then what can you suggest, Priest?'' Pellek-garok said harshly.

''We can't fight between each other, we need to focus and try another solution,'' Diamnith commented.

''You are right, Priestess Diamnith,'' Priest Hatimekh asserted.

The silence reigned again in the room, only interrupted by Edrok and his melodious anthem. Diamnith looked at him with anger, because she knew Edrok didn't care about Kebok's fate, and she focused on a possible plan to share that with the other priests. The warriors that brought the information remained in silence, guarding the priests.

''I have an idea!'' Asded-abu shouted happily.

''Go on, Priest...'' Hatimekh said in expectation.

''We will need Priestess Mirlya and her son, they must be here,'' Asded-abu confessed.

''It will be risky to bring them here, but we need to try it. Soldier...'' Priest Hatimekh mumbled to the warrior.

''I will bring them here, my lord,'' the warrior assured and he stood, followed by his guards and left the house.

Later on, the news about Priest Kebok and his death spread all over Ashtaroth. At home, Aalyat was in her bedroom walking in circles with no idea about what to do, when she felt the temperature decreasing in the room. She began to breathe faster.

''Oh no, not again... just leave me alone!'' she shouted, desperate.

After some minutes, the cold invaded her body and the priestess closed her eyes firmly. A knock in the door interrupted the inner demons that were fighting inside her.

''Priestess... erm, you have a-a... a visit,'' the servant mumbled nervously.

''Ok... I'll wait here,'' Aalyat said.

The poor girl made a shy reverence and abandoned the room. Encouraging herself, Aalyat waited until the visitor stepped in front of her. It was the unknown person with the black hood.

''Why are you here? I told you to wait in your place!'' Aalyat shouted, irritated.

''Be more polite, Priestess. Remember you are serving a higher power,'' the stranger said.

''You will not tell me what to do. I am the Priestess,'' Aalyat affirmed.

The stranger remained silent as Aalyat looked around.

''It's done. Your father is dead,'' the stranger informed.

Aalyat didn't say a word and her gaze remained calmed, looking to the floor.

''Did he say something?'' she asked.

''He was surprised that it was me, nothing else,'' the stranger detailed with a low voice, close to a whisper.

''Ok, it's time to move on,'' Aalyat concluded and dried a lonely tear that was sliding, but her mysterious company didn't notice it.

Picking some strange items from seemingly random places, the Priestess gave them to her acolyte without saying a word. The erratic breath beneath the hood indicated that whoever it was hiding, it was becoming impatient.

''Got something to say?'' Aalyat asked in a cold tone.

''Just hurry up, your slowness makes me sick for Dark Ashtoreth's sake!'' the stranger shouted.

The young woman smirked, knowing she was being irritating. The last item she picked was a dark knife for ritual purposes.

''Where did you get this? It was supposed to be lost,'' Aalyat's acolyte said. A slight tone of surprise could be detected in the voice.

''It doesn't matter... this is the most important thing to complete the ritual. It doesn't concern you how I've found it,'' she explained before giving the knife away.

The stranger didn't say anything and, making a small reverence, abandoned the room. The Priestess sighed and closed her eyes. The young girl was feeling conflict inside her, but there was no way back.

''Dogannu, Dogannu, Dogannu...''

Alarmed, Dogannu woke up and looked around. That voice, the unknown voice of the woman in his dream interrupted his rest, but not because he was having another vision of her exquisite body. He could swear she was in the room and calling his name before he opened his eyes, but now he was alone. After Aalyat, her words were a difficult riddle for him, although it didn't seem to hide a mystery or a message from the gods. Whatever it was, his sleep was tormenting him because every time he tried to talk to her in his dream, the vision ended the same way.

Convinced that his dream was hiding something important, Dogannu defeated his fears and called out his mother. In less than a minute she was there, visibly worried.

''Are you ok, Dogannu?'' she asked.

''I need to tell you something that is happening to me... but promise me you won't share this,'' Dogannu said.

''Of course, this will be between us. But is there something wrong, anything affecting you?''

Dogannu sighed, but he knew he had to tell someone about his dream so he spoke. Mirlya listened carefully and at the end, she was really interested in the hidden meaning of Dogannu's dream.

''It's the weirdest dream I've heard in all my years as a priestess... I'm not an expert at this, finding the meaning of dreams, but Diamnith could help us,'' she said.

''Mother, do you really think she can help me? She hasn't done anything for me so far,'' Dogannu muttered.

''You know we've tried to help you, but the ancient laws of the gods are inflexible. However, this has an importance I can see, although I can't tell the exact interpretation.''

He lowered down his head, thinking. Besides Diamnith, there weren't many options at Ashtaroth to help him; so he nodded.

''Ok... I think you are right this time. But how will I see Diamnith? I can't leave the house, Dark Ashtoreth's fanatics are watching us,'' Dogannu detailed.

Mirlya didn't respond immediately. Her son was right, the three times she left the house to buy some supplies, many people looked at her. Some men intimidated her and insulted her and it could be worse with Dogannu. So, she was concerned that their duty to leave the house was risky.

''I will consult the gods. We will find a way to speak to Diamnith, I promise it,'' she said.

Hugging her son, they got alarmed when someone knocked on the front door. Nervous, Mirlya remained quiet but Dogannu made some gestures and they exchanged whispers about what to do. Going out of his room, they stepped a few steps away from the door.

''Who's there?'' Mirlya mumbled.

No one replied, just another knock. Picking an axe, Dogannu stepped behind his mother and she spoke again.

''Who's there?'' she repeated.

''This is Evarod. I've come in the name of Priest Hatimekh, open up!'' a husky voice answered.

Mirlya doubted about opening the door, ignoring the real intentions of the warrior. Wielding one of Hanoth's axes, Dogannu nodded and his mother slowly extended her hand to open the door.

In front of the doorstep, Evarod was standing there. Behind him, another two warriors were watching his back.

''Greetings, Priestess Mirlya. With the authority provided by the Main Priest Hatimekh, you and your son must come with me,'' Evarod said.

Putting down the axe, Dogannu looked at his mother. She was surprised, as well.

''May I know the reason?'' Mirlya asked after looking at her son.

''I don't know the reason the Main Priest has, but my order is to bring both of you to his house immediately,'' he detailed.

Of course they didn't answer right away. The mother and son had their doubts, especially Dogannu. Turning around, Mirlya consulted her son to know his thoughts about the strange move.

''Shall we go with him?'' she asked in a low voice.

''I don't know... I don't trust him,'' Dogannu assured.

''We don't have options, but you're still protected until the last day of the rite so they can't hurt you,'' Mirlya clarified.

Lowering down his face, Dogannu took a few seconds to think about it. At the end, he gave another chance to his mother and put his trust in her suggestion, then nodded.

''We will follow you, noble warrior,'' Mirlya said.

Evarod nodded and stepped aside to let them come out. Mirlya locked the door behind with a stick. Guarded by the guards of Evarod, he led the way to Priest Hatimekh's house; however, while walking thousands of people looked at them, specifically at Dogannu with hate and disgust.

''Don't look at them, just don't look,'' Mirlya whispered in her son's ear, referring to Dark Ashtoreth's fanatics and other people that blamed him for their disgraces.

Dogannu didn't like walking among thousands of people that in any second could start mayhem over him, ripping his body apart and spreading the remains all over the town, but he had no other choice. After all, his mother was right somehow; despite all the gazes full of anger and hate, no one jumped on them to kill him. Most wouldn't desire to be in his place or share his potential fate, a fate Dogannu completely ignored.

At the main square, a group of 50 people were listening to a furious and unknown fanatic.

"He was one of the impish ones, promoting the worship of a fake Ashtoreth, and that profane of Kebok will suffer the wrath of the gods! The blasphemous is dead and the Wicked One must be next!" he shouted wildly and the people barked.

Mirlya grunted, visibly affected.

"Is Priest Kebok dead?" she asked, shocked, to Evarod.

"Unfortunately, yes. We found his body earlier," he detailed.

She lowered her head when she heard the confirmation from Evarod. The warrior hid his sword and after walking another two minutes, the group arrived to destination.

A servant opened the door after the man knocked. Dogannu and his mother were led by him to the Main Room, where the other priests were having their secret council and expecting their arrival.

''Well done, Evarod,'' Hatimekh congratulated the warrior and he made a reverence. ''Welcome, Mirlya and Dogannu.''

As usual, Hatimekh was laid on his exquisite divan and the other priests sat on normal chairs. A servant offered a chair to Mirlya and Dogannu so they sat down. Diamnith waved her hand to her friend, who smiled shyly.

''Ok, now that we are here, it is time to discuss. Priest Asded-abu got an idea but he needed both of you here,'' Priest Hatimekh said, referring to Mirlya and her son. ''So go on, Priest, tell us what you have in mind to solve the problem coming upon our people,'' he said, giving permission to Priest Asded-abu to speak.

''Thank you, Priest Hatimekh,'' he replied and stood up. ''It's not a secret for all of us in this room the consequences of this cursed rite,'' he began to argue when Dogannu interrupted him.

''I don't! What consequences? Why is everyone ignoring me? I am the one who is suffering every night!'' he protested.

All the priests looked at him. Priest Hatimekh changed his position and sat down.

"Young Dogannu, it's not the moment to speak about it. We have more important things to discuss right now," Hatimekh said.

"But..."

"I promise I will tell you everything," the priest said.

Dogannu didn't say a word and sighed.

"Continue, Asded-abu," Hatimekh demanded.

"Thank you, Main Priest. As we've discussed, we need to elaborate a plan to kill Aalyat and destroy all the fanatics of Dark Ashtoreth. Sadly, Priest Kebok is dead and he was the closest person to Aalyat and the only one we could trust. But the grace of the gods have enlightened my wisdom and we have another alternative to get to know her wicked plans," he concluded.

"Asded-abu, tell us," Diamnith said in expectation.

The priest smiled, satisfied about his idea, then looked at Dogannu.

''You, Wick... sorry, Dogannu, you will find out what Aalyat is planning,'' he said.

''Me? Why are you sure she will tell me what she is planning?'' Dogannu questioned.

''You are our only hope,'' Asded-abu muttered.

Dogannu looked at the floor. He knew it was very risky and he had many questions.

''Again, I don't think she will tell me a single detail,'' he insisted.

''You will... earn her trust, do whatever it takes, boy. Our future relies on your effort,'' Priest Asded-abu said.

The young man let escape a laugh. He couldn't believe what he was hearing.

''It's really funny you say this. Now I'm the salvation of this town... Dogannu the savior,'' he mocked all the priests.

''We can understand your frustration, but this is not a game. We really need you,'' Priest Hatimekh affirmed.

''Ok, I can try. What kind of information are you looking for?'' Dogannu asked.

''Any detail will help us, but the most important is that we need to know what kind of protection she has at her house. Maybe we could send a few warriors to eliminate her and end this nightmare,'' Hatimekh instructed.

''What about me? What if you have success, what will happen to me?'' Dogannu wanted to know.

''You'll be free, I promise,'' the priest assured.

Looking at his mother, Dogannu truly smiled for the first time in so long. At least his luck was changing a little after all the disgraces that came upon him.

''I guess all has been said. We better return to our places before Dark Ashtoreth's fanatics can suspect our activities,'' Pellek-garok said.

''Well said, Priest. I must pray to the gods for our success,'' Themeon commented.

Hatimekh ordered Evarod to escort Mirlya and her son back to their house as the other priests were leaving the room. Edrok noticed Diamnith took a moment before leaving the room and he approached her.

''Do you need something, Edrok?'' she asked when he stood in front of her.

''Priestess Diamnith... if you have the time, I would like to talk to you,'' Edrok grinned. Diamnith never liked when he smiled, because he seemed evil.

''Sure, go on,'' Diamnith nodded.

''You know, someone told me you used to be a Dark Ashtoreth's servant,'' Edrok said and the brunette woman went pale.

''Yes... that's true. Who told you about this?'' Diamnith muttered nervously as Edrok moved close to her.

''It doesn't matter... I heard that all the female servants, after a ritual, they physically change,'' the nutty man whispered and he put his hand on her left breast.

''Wh-what are you doing?'' Diamnith stuttered nervously, trying to get away in vain.

Edrok ignored every common sense and putting his other hand on her crotch, he rubbed her up and down. Diamnith couldn't avoid letting escape a moan of ecstasy and the son of Hatimekh felt a growing bulge under her tunic.

''Yes... this is what I mean. Your morality is just a cover up, you like it and I want to taste it,'' Edrok muttered as he kneeled in front of her.

Diamnith looked down as she put her closed fists on her mouth, trying to resist temptation. The insane Edrok lifted her tunic and her thick dick came out, throbbing and proud. He could detect a sight of agony and ecstasy in her gaze; she was fighting her natural cravings but Edrok didn't want to waste another second. So, he opened his mouth wide and swallowed half of those 8 inches.

''Gnngggh...'' he muttered as he happily gulped her dick.

The priestess tried to stop him, even using both hands but Edrok put his in the back of her thighs to choke on her dick.

''Th-this... this is... this is wrong... st-stop...'' Diamnith muttered but she wasn't struggling like in the beginning.

Gagging wildly on that huge rod, Edrok choked a bit and then he took it out of his mouth, covered by his saliva. Next, he slapped his face with that dong as he grinned like the happiest and luckiest man on Ashtaroth. Tongue out, he licked from the glans to the base, slowly and at the same time looking at Diamnith's face. She had her eyes closed and her mouth was open, surrendered to her hidden desire.

He kept sucking her dick, over and over. Choking and gagging from time to time, his saliva ended up on his chin and then onto his chest, making a total mess. Diamnith moaned louder and sometimes while Edrok was choking on her dick, she put her hands on his head to keep him like that while shouting in a strange language. Eventually her legs were trembling and she was a bit tired of being on her feet.

''I-I... need to...'' she mumbled but another moan of satisfaction interrupted her. However, she looked at the divan of Priest Hatimekh and Edrok understood and took that wonderful cock out of his mouth one more time.

Helping her lay down on the divan, her erected and shining dick was waiting for more. Edrok went on all fours with his ass up and his mouth went down on her huge cock. Diamnith enjoyed the view as her cock was strongly sucked and jerked, her balls wet by the huge amount of saliva dropping down to her dick out of Edrok's mouth.

''Yes... keep going, don't fucking stop, you pervert. You wanted to suck dick, then choke on it!'' Diamnith grinned, pleased.

Sticking his tongue out, the slutty man gagged once again and looked at her. She liked how Edrok looked with tears in his eyes, choking on her shaft.

''Good boy... struggle to get that cum out,'' she muttered and palmed his throat.

He tried to cough in vain, his eyes were a bit fogged and he had to take out her dick, which he did after lots of attempts. Coughing and trying to catch air, his face was a filthy mess of tears, sweat, black pigment and saliva. Diamnith smirked.

''I didn't tell you to stop,'' the priestess said and slapped his face with her dick, spreading his saliva all over his face.

Pushing her glans against his lips, she forced her way into his mouth again. Edrok was speechless as he couldn't believe how hard her dick was, just like his. Now wondering if someone would catch them in the act, it was the only way to escape as Diamnith wasn't done with his mouth.

Mouth-fucking him desperately, Diamnith put her hands at both sides of his head and used his mouth as a vagina or an ass. She didn't give him a chance as he went up and down all the way, until he felt her glans hitting the back of his throat and her balls slapping against his chin.

''Gods, my throat, she will kill me!'' Edrok thought while Diamnith was unleashing her sexual power on his mouth.

A couple times she blocked his nose and choked him with her dick. Poor Edrok swore brilliant lights appeared in front of him but at the end, when his eyes were rolling up and he was near to pass out, Diamnith always stopped and let him catch air for three seconds before repeating.

''Oggghhhh...'' he mumbled as his nose was pressed against her pelvis.

''I can't hear you bitch, keep choking on my dick. Your words aren't needed,'' Diamnith said happily as she slapped his face while her dick was in his mouth.

His gag reflex didn't resist and he managed to take her dick out of his mouth. Coughing nonstop, with tons of saliva dropping out of his mouth and his reddened eyes full of tears, Edrok had lost his senses and was dizzy.

''I'm not done with you, slut. Take it like a man, you messed with the wrong woman,'' Diamnith smirked and, grabbing him by his horsetail, she forced him once again to suck her dick. She continued her brutal mouth fucking session until she could dislodge his jaw.

While Diamnith was brutalizing Edrok's mouth, Aalyat sat on her bed, thinking in her father. She couldn't believe what she did, ordering his own murder, but she knew as well she wasn't in her senses when she gave the order to her acolyte.

Closing her eyes, she remembered a dark cave, the place of her induction into Dark Ashtoreth's cult. Her mother, Elanya, put her hands on her shoulder while she sighed; she was very happy.

''My sweet daughter... are you ready for this?'' she asked.

''Mother, I'm still not understanding- why do I have to do this?'' Aalyat replied.

Elanya caressed the long blonde hair of her daughter before explaining one more time.

''You are a miracle of the gods, Aalyat. Your grandmother predicted you were the chosen one to free Dark Ashtoreth. Neither her nor me, but you... now... drink,'' Elanya said and Aalyat stared at a stone pillar in front of them. At the top, there was a glass full of a dark and strange liquid.

Aalyat grabbed the glass and drank its content after giving a quick look to it. The taste and texture were rancid and she had to swallow a lot to let it slide down her throat. Once she emptied the glass, Aalyat closed her eyes and dropped it. The young girl felt a sudden cold in the middle of her chest, expanding all over her body; her self-control was vanishing slowly as she fell into a state of trance and an unknown evil entity came upon her, embracing her body and soul and taking control of her. Elanya looked at her daughter's inexpressive face and smirked.

''Aalyat... can you hear me?'' she muttered.

''Yes... I can hear,'' Aalyat responded seconds after. Her voice changed from soft to husky. Her mother smirked.

''This is your mother. Don't worry, it's time to leave the past behind and embrace your destiny,'' Elanya announced, triumphant.

Opening her eyes, Aalyat was in her room. That old flashback was so fresh still in her memory that she felt surprised to be alone. Crossing her arms against her abdomen, she now had more doubts about the task her mother gave her. She didn't have another choice but to pretend everything was going according to the plan.

Regretting her father's death, Aalyat tried to find a way to save Dogannu from her mistakes, and another flashback of her mother appeared in her thoughts one more time.

''You can't change who you are now,'' Elanya's voice said from behind her as she used a whip to punish her.

Standing up, lips and fists pressed, Aalyat walked to the black vault in a corner of the room.

''You are wrong,'' she muttered after she opened it, taking out a huge bag containing several roots and dry leaves.

Calling her servant, she gave her exact instructions to get rid of them. Skeptical after hearing her command, the servant made a reverence and abandoned the room.

Those roots and leaves were the main ingredients of the potion Aalyat had to drink for years to channelize Dark Ashtoreth inside her. After giving them away, she smiled happily and laid on her bed to get some rest.

Report Story
byLiver96© 1 comments/ 2059 views/ 3 favorites



At the same time in another part of Ashtaroth, Priest Asded-abu was enjoying his meal when he heard a noise from the backyard. The man stood holding up his knife and breathing fast. Burglars were a common problem to all Canaanites cities. Instead, a tall unknown person covered by a black tunic and hood was in front of him, sword in hand: Aalyat's acolyte.

''Look what I have here... Priest Asded-abu,'' the stranger said with a theatrical voice.

''What are you doing here, filthy demon!?'' Asded-abu shouted indignantly.

But the stranger pointed at him with the sword, ending inches away from his abdomen. The old priest dropped the knife and he thought all was over.

''Did you forget our deal? I would not kill you if you could tell me where Diamnith lives,'' Aalyat's acolyte reminded him but Asded-abu shook his head violently.

''I don't know, I told you I don't know!'' he excused himself.

''And then, you told me about that secret council of yours today. I waited a long time, but she never left the meeting... perhaps she never came,'' the stranger continued and pushed the sword into his stomach but without completely burying the blade, just the very tip.

''I don't know, I don't know, she was behind me... please don't kill me!'' the priest begged.

Gasping and crying, the old man was completely sure he'd die. However, the acolyte withdrew the sword and Asded-abu fell on his knees, covering the bleeding wound with his left hand.

''Coward... why are you afraid of death? Isn't it supposed to be that priests will have the privilege to see the gods? Or are your words deceitful?'' the acolyte questioned, but the old man didn't respond. ''Speak now, you worthless piece of meat.''

''You won't win, Daemeeth,'' Asded-abu mumbled.

''Are you sure? I don't think so,'' the stranger, apparently called Daemeeth, replied and put the sword on Asded-abu's right shoulder, ready to decapitate him.

He closed his eyes, ready for the final hit but nothing happened. When he opened his eyes, Daemeeth was gone. The priest lost the strength in his legs and fell on the floor and cried in silence, thanking Baal for keeping him alive another day.

Themeon and Hatimekh were at his house praying to the gods for the success of the plan. Both friends were remembering the old days, when the fanatics of Dark Ashtoreth appeared led by Ishalyat. Their hopes were on the gods so they could avoid that insane and painful fate that could come upon men.

''Do you think the boy will make it?'' Themeon asked Hatimekh after they prayed.

''I don't know... I want to believe he will, but I noticed that evil spark inside him. Aalyat and he are sharing a dangerous connection now,'' Hatimekh commented.

''It's true, although I feel more worried for Priestess Diamnith,'' Themeon confessed.

''Why?''

''She was very erratic today in our council. I wonder why,'' he said.

''Erratic? No, you know women normally don't discuss these kinds of plans,'' Hatimekh stated.

Thinking about what his old friend had said, Themeon thought that was the reason of Diamnith's nervousness. Still, he felt a bad omen coming upon them so he prayed vigorously.

''Mother, should I follow the priests' plan?'' Dogannu asked his mother at home.

Mirlya sighed, a bit tired of her son's doubts.

''Of course Dogannu, of course. Remind me to talk to Diamnith about your visions, so she can guide you,'' Mirlya insisted.

''I will,'' he muttered.

The priestess looked at her son and his gaze was full of melancholy and uncertainty. She didn't ask him the reason but Mirlya had an idea about what he could feel.

Dogannu couldn't stop thinking of Aalyat and what happened that morning. The suggestion from Priest Asded-abu to find out her secret plans was creating a clash of feelings in his heart. His old hopes to share more than just a friendship like in the past were struggling with his unknown fate after the Samikhred Usim. In fact, he feared something worse than death by the look of Priest Hatimekh when he asked him about the consequences of the ritual.

His memory brought back his last conversation with Aalyat before she and her mother left Ashtaroth. They were outside her house and a good fire was burning. Aalyat wore a white tunic and she was brushing her long straight blonde hair while looking at him with a tender expression.

''What are you thinking?'' she asked.

''Nothing special, just wondering,'' Dogannu replied.

''Come on, tell me! You can't just stare at me thinking about nothing,'' Aalyat chuckled.

''Ok you got me. The Great Dance to thank Baal for the harvest is closer, and I was thinking of asking you to come with me,'' he admitted.

He had planned that moment for so long; to ask her to be his girlfriend during the ceremony to worship the god. It was a very important moment and Aalyat's cute face showed she was very surprised and embarrassed.

''Really? You aren't playing with me, are you?'' Aalyat muttered and she stopped brushing her hair.

''Of course not, I would never ever lie to you or deceive you,'' Dogannu said, making Aalyat blush. He liked it when she blushed.

''You know, Edrok invited me a few days ago,'' she confessed.

''Edrok? Priest Hatimekh's son? Oh, well... in that case, I understand,'' he mumbled, clearly disappointed.

''I didn't tell you I accepted his invitation,'' Aalyat whispered and grinned.

Dogannu felt a huge relief when he heard her words, at the same he felt a sensation of triumph grew inside him.

''Why are you laughing?'' he asked her a moment later.

''You should have seen your face,'' Aalyat giggled and Dogannu nodded.

''Ok, very nice. You had your fun, good,'' he said and smiled.

''Yeah, that was for the last thing you did. You scared me a lot,'' she said.

''I guess I exaggerated,'' Dogannu commented.

''Exaggerated? You pretended to be dead!'' she exclaimed.

''I'm very sorry, but I thought it would be fun. It won't happen again, I promise.''

''Then swear it,'' Aalyat said with a smile.

''I, Dogannu, swear to you that I will never make another bad joke to you. And I also swear that I will never lie to you or try to hurt you in any way, because I really care for you,'' Dogannu declared and Aalyat clapped quickly with a big smile on her face.

''In that case, I will gladly accept your invitation to the Great Dance, Dogannu. Even if my mother disagrees,'' Aalyat replied and got closer to him and they admired in silence the sky full of stars.

That conversation was coming upon him like the sunset. He didn't want to break a promise, a promise he made to the love of his Thood and teenage years, but his body and his life were at risk. Confused and with many doubts, he stood up and walked towards the door.

''What are you doing?'' his mother asked, standing up.

''I'm going to visit Aalyat,'' Dogannu said.

''Are you crazy? I don't want you to go to her house alone," Mirlya shouted.

"I have no choice. I must not disappoint Priest Hatimekh and Priest Asded-abu. And you can't come with me."

His mother nodded, understanding the crucial task on her son's shoulders and didn't add anything else. Dogannu knew there wasn't another way and left the house to meet Aalyat.

Back at Priest Hatimekh's house, Edrok laid on his father's divan, unconscious and fucked up. Diamnith smirked admiring how she left the filthy pervert, ruined and probably unable to speak for some time. Walking out of the house slowly and carefully, she headed to the Temple of Sun to repent in appearance. The priestess didn't feel any remorse for what she did; maybe if she had mouth-fucked someone else she would feel terrible, but Edrok deserved every part of it.

Wondering how Dogannu's mission would end and if they could avoid the destruction of society as they knew it, two men stood in front of her.

"Greetings," she muttered.

"Save your manners for someone who cares," one of the Dark Ashtoreth's fanatics shouted and they jumped on her.

Diamnith struggled but they were stronger. Wrapping his arm around her neck and choking her from behind, one of the men held her hard until the priestess passed out and they carried her out of the street before they could be caught. Throwing her on a cart, they covered Diamnith using a large cloak. From one of the corners Daemeeth, Aalyat's acolyte, showed up. The acolyte was looking at the cart arms-crossed.

"Well done. Dark Ashtoreth will reward your service," the voice said from under the hood. The acolyte searched under the tunic and gave the men a bag full of coins. Making a reverence, they kissed the hand of the acolyte and followed Daemeeth outside the town with Diamnith unconscious.

Dogannu walked across the main street with many eyes staring at him. He noticed two men pulling a rope tied to a heavy cart. Walking right behind the cart was a tall person wearing a black tunic and hood. The young man wondered who would wear such an outfit during the day and the unknown person stared at him. Dogannu couldn't see anything under the hood, but he was sure whoever hiding the face was looking at him. He didn't feel comfortable and he had to look in another direction until the group walked away.

It took him a lot of time to reach Aalyat's house, basically thanks to thousands of fanatics insulting him or trying to hurt him.

In the meantime, Diamnith woke up with her hands firmly tied and her arms extended above her head. She was feeling uncomfortable as her lungs were in an unnatural position and it cost her a lot of effort to breathe. The priestess was inhaling easily but fighting to exhale normally. In front of her, the strange acolyte sat on a chair, awaiting the moment she would wake up.

"Six years... six fucking years. And finally, here we are," Aalyat's acolyte said.

"Where am I? Who are you?" Diamnith muttered weakly when she was able to see the unknown person in front of her.

Daemeeth stood and gave two steps forward, and took off the hood.

"It's good to see you again... sister," she mumbled with an evil smile.

Diamnith opened her mouth wide in surprise and incredulity. It was like looking at herself in a bucket full of water or wine because Daemeeth was her twin sister. Both brunettes with long hair, they were like two drops of water; their only difference at the moment was the sadist look on Daemeeth's face.

"It's impossible, you should be dead! I saw you dying!" Diamnith screamed but her twin sister shook her head slowly.

"No, Diamnith. I almost died, but Dark Ashtoreth saved me. You betrayed her... you betrayed all of us, you betrayed me, your own sister," Daemeeth muttered with emphasis and hate.

Panicking and without ideas, Diamnith wasn't sure what Daemeeth had in mind, but it wouldn't be good things, as she remembered how twisted she was.

"Let me go!" Diamnith implored.

Her sister responded to her plea by slapping her face. Her hand was heavy still and Diamnith felt a bit dizzy.

"Wrong words, sister. I was thinking something more like... retribution. You have a debt to pay," Daemeeth indicated and wielded a large, black and sharp knife, the knife handed by Aalyat.

While Daemeeth and Diamnith were reunited again, Dogannu knocked on the door of Aalyat's house. Her servant opened the door and she became nervous when she saw who was calling.

"Is Aalyat at home?" Dogannu asked.

''Yes,'' the young servant muttered.

''Could you tell her...''

''Sure, wait here please...'' she said and returned inside to inform her mistress.

Thereafter, Aalyat stepped in front of Dogannu. She smiled and put her hands on her waist.

''Hi,'' she muttered.

''I was wondering if you were...''

''Sure, come on in,'' Aalyat said and Dogannu followed her inside.

The inside was as he remembered, clean and clear. A small table was in the middle of the room with a fine vessel made of bronze and, hanging on the wall, there was a small collection of ritual masks that belonged to Elanya, Aalyat's mother. The walls were covered by mortar and painted in a fresh white.

''Take a seat,'' Aalyat said, pointing to one of the chairs from the dining table.

Dogannu brought two and offered her one.

''So, why you have you came?'' the Priestess asked. Dogannu looked into her grey eyes and he was sure the old Aalyat he loved was back.

''I can't stop thinking about what happened this morning,'' he indicated.

''The same happens to me,'' Aalyat said and grinned. ''And you don't have to be afraid tonight, I truly want to change the impression you had about me,'' she continued.

He nodded and took her hand. His tender side was clouding his common sense and the real reason why he was there. As she got closer they melted their lips in a warm passionate kiss. Aalyat's servant was in shock while looking her mistress kissing The Wicked One. She prayed mentally and walked away without making noise.

''Sorry,'' Dogannu apologized when they separated.

''Don't apologize,'' Aalyat muttered.

They stayed in silence for quite some time. Now that he was in front of her, Dogannu didn't have the strength to do what he had to. Again he was feeling confused in his motivations, his own integrity and what he still felt for her.

Aalyat understood somehow and she didn't break the silence but embraced him.

''So, what will we do tonight... besides sex,'' Dogannu said.

''I don't know, to be honest. I don't want to do this but we don't have any other choice,'' she said.

Dogannu was about to ask her why there wasn't another choice when someone knocked on the door. Aalyat's servant came quickly and opened it. A tall brunette woman in a black tunic was in front of her.

''Oh, Priestess Diamnith, what a surprise!'' the servant exclaimed to the smiling woman, who evidently wasn't Diamnith.

''Hello, is your mistress at home?'' Daemeeth requested.

''Yes, right now she has a visitor but I can tell her you came...'' the maiden informed but Daemeeth pushed her aside.

''I insist...'' she muttered and came in.

Her eyes stared immediately at the portrait in front of her, Aalyat embracing The Wicked One. And she wasn't the only one surprised as Aalyat knew the woman in front of her wasn't Diamnith, since she still wore her own clothes. Dogannu also wondered why Priestess Diamnith was wearing the tunic of Dark Ashtoreth priestesses.

''Pr-priestess Diamnith... what a surprise!'' Aalyat stuttered and dropping Dogannu, she stood up.

''Yes... what a surprise,'' Daemeeth muttered slowly. ''I was expecting to talk to you, but it seems you are busy right now,'' she added referring to Dogannu. She wasn't very happy with the situation she just found in front of her but she avoided showing any external sign.

''Priestess Diamnith, I was about to leave now so you can stay and talk to Aalyat," Dogannu said.

The woman nodded and smiled. Aalyat stared at Daemeeth and she avoided looking at Dogannu or saying goodbye. The young man abandoned the place and Daemeeth grabbed Aalyat by the arm and escorted her to her room.

"Are you crazy? You can't just grab me like this!'' Aalyat complained but ignoring her words, Daemeeth slapped her face.

''Stupid girl! What do you think you were doing!? Your mother would be disappointed if she could see what you were doing, he... is... our... enemy!'' Daemeeth shouted, out of control.

Intimidated by her twisted acolyte, Aalyat did nothing but stare at her own feet. Daemeeth walked in all directions snorting and trembling.

''I hope you're not regretting serving Dark Ashtoreth,'' Daemeeth commented.

''I'm not! I just... I just can't stop thinking,'' Aalyat affirmed.

''Thinking what?'' she wondered.

But Aalyat was afraid to confess and tell the truth to her malevolent servant. She shook her head and Daemeeth grinned.

''You like him, don't you?'' she muttered. Aalyat shook her head.

Daemeeth walked towards her and grabbed her by the neck, choking her.

''For your own good, I hope you're not lying to me... I have business to do, but I'll meet you tonight before the ceremony,'' Daemeeth indicated and kissed her lips quickly before dropping her away. She rubbed her neck and coughed, trying to breathe.

Before she left the room, Aalyat recovered composure and asked her acolyte, ''Where's Diamnith?''

''Alive... for now... it's all part of the plan, don't forget it,'' Daemeeth smirked and left the room.

The girl felt a bit sad for Diamnith but it was too risky to piss Daemeeth off. The renegade priestess abandoned the house and was ready to return to where her sister Diamnith was. Suddenly, Dogannu appeared from a corner and stepped in front of her.

''Priestess Diamnith, can I talk to you? Of course, if you're not busy!'' Dogannu exclaimed.

''Oh, right now I was heading out of town, what do you want to talk about?'' Daemeeth wondered with a discreet, hypocritical smile.

''It's something very personal about the gods and something that is happening to me now,'' he detailed.

''Mmm... sounds interesting. However, I have some important business to do right now so what if you come to see me tomorrow? We can discuss whatever you want in private,'' Daemeeth suggested and a slight wickedness appeared in her face.

''It's fine, I'm glad you can help me, Priestess. You are one of the few people that support my innocence,'' Dogannu said and after kissing her hand, he walked away.

Spitting the floor, Daemeeth went in another direction to avoid any other embarrassing situation and solve her pending business with her twin sister. Meanwhile, Edrok was massaging his neck and jaw after the rough experience with Diamnith while jerking his dick. Thinking of a better and more polite way to talk to her, he fantasized about her powerful sex hunger and how it would affect his ass.

As the sun was setting in the horizon, torches and small fires replaced the powerful light of the god, and the moon appeared in the sky. Many fanatics headed in groups to the Temple of the Night to see their priestess banging The Wicked One. Priest Hatimekh's guard escorted Dogannu to his house once again and then the group of priests led by Hatimekh made their way to the cursed temple.

At home, Aalyat was preparing herself for the ritual. Applying black pigment to her face, she drew two lines on her cheeks and then breathed deeply. At least she would be in control of herself during the ceremony.

Inside an abandoned barn, Diamnith was still tied up with her sister in front of her, making small superficial cuts in her skin with the help of her knife.

''Stop, stop!'' she begged as she was bleeding out.

''I will stop, eventually,'' Daemeeth laughed mercilessly. ''But first, you will tell me everything. I want to know you very well, sister,'' she added in a whisper. Diamnith nodded quickly.

As she closed her eyes, her sister made another cut close to her armpit. The knife moved slowly as Daemeeth enjoyed inflicting such torture to her sister.

''Yes... yes! I will tell you everything, but please for the gods' sake, stop!'' Diamnith screamed.

''Good, let's begin with The Wicked One... I want to know everything about him.''

Tired of waiting for Daemeeth, Aalyat left her home and, escorted by her loyal guards, she headed to the Temple of the Night. Knowing the temple would be crowded with her fanatics, she felt anxiety as she had to pretend to punish Dogannu. For the first time in years, Aalyat thought of praying to god El for his guidance and advice when she heard a noise in the small forest they were crossing to reach the temple.

''Shhh... did you hear that?'' Aalyat whispered and she stopped walking.

''No, my lady, nothing,'' the guard on the left said.

''And what about you?'' she asked to the other.

''I heard nothing, but you don't have to worry,'' he said.

The Priestess didn't say anything else and, after looking around without success, she walked again and her guards followed her. Before leaving the forest, a tall silhouette showed up in front of them and Aalyat almost had a heart attack.


''Surprise!'' Daemeeth exclaimed as Aalyat screamed, terrified.

''Are you crazy, Daemeeth!?'' Aalyat yelled out and her acolyte suddenly became serious.

''Now I'm Diamnith... Diamnith... don't forget it," Daemeeth reminded her.

''Sorry... yes, you are right,'' Aalyat sighed and they walked alongside followed by the guards.

Once they left the forest behind, they contemplated the entrance of the cave illuminated by the torches as Daemeeth watched Aalyat.

"You should tell your guards to stay quiet about what they've heard," she said.

"Don't worry, they will never talk."

"What do you have tonight for The Wicked One?" Daemeeth asked.

"I'm not sure. You'll see..." Aalyat shrugged. Daemeeth didn't like the tone of her voice.

Reaching the lair at the very center of the cave, Daemeeth smirked. All the stone benches were occupied by a large number of their worshippers. Aalyat made a discreet sign and Daemeeth headed to Mirlya and the other priests, Dogannu among them as well.

A general shout of euphoria welcomed Aalyat. The girl climbed the small stairs in the center of the lair and her servants assisted her in order to be ready for the rite. She desperately looked for Dogannu and their gazes connected almost immediately. She smiled at him and he sighed, her gesture giving him confidence and, well, other different feelings that weren't related to the rite itself.

The Priestesses of Sun, led by Daemeeth, occupied their places around the altar. Mirlya, next to who she thought it was her friend, looked at her and noticed an evil gaze not common in her.

"Are you ok Diamnith?"

"I feel better than ever," Daemeeth muttered without looking at Mirlya.

Aalyat raised her arms and silence reigned in the Temple. Priest Hatimekh left Dogannu alone and the priestess invited him to come closer. He obeyed and stood in front of her.

"Give me your hand," she whispered.

She used a knife and made a small cut in the palm of his left hand, then she did the same with her right hand and their bleeding hands melted together. They stared into each other's eyes and Aalyat whispered again. "You'll be mine again, and again... our destiny is to be together."

Their hands separated and Aalyat stripped off her tunic, revealing her flawless body. Her cock was waking up and Dogannu couldn't avoid feeling a bit nervous. After all, her promises could be all lies and a good way to make him lower down his defenses, and then get her revenge for his attempts of taking over her the night before.

Far from reality, Aalyat was taking things calmly, but she was between a sword and a furious monster and she had to be careful to avoid Daemeeth's wrath for being soft. So she tore Dogannu's tunic apparently ignoring his surprise and fear, smirking. Aalyat discreetly rolled her eyes to where Daemeeth was kneeled and then to her fanatics, so Dogannu understood she did it because of her fanatics.

Taking off the rest of his tunic, Aalyat embraced Dogannu and kissed him tenderly. A lot of people were very surprised with the unexpected change of the evil priestess. Daemeeth had to make a great effort to not kill them both right there. She had both fists firmly pressed against the floor and was biting her lower lip so hard that a few drops of blood appeared. Mirlya, who was thanking the gods for their benevolence, didn't notice the strange behavior of her ''friend'' and her erratic breath.

Ignoring all the people in the temple, Aalyat and Dogannu shared the love and passion trapped inside them. When they stopped kissing, the young priestess rested her chin on Dogannu's shoulder and, giving a discreet look to Daemeeth, she whispered in his ear.

''Don't worry, just stay calm and let me do the rest. Someone's watching,'' Aalyat said.

''What?''

But she didn't explain what she had said and instead, Aalyat pushed him away causing him to lose his balance and fall down in the middle of the ritual circle. His buttocks were aching and he didn't understand the reason of that sudden reaction. Before he could open his mouth to complain, Aalyat kneeled in front of him and, demanding silence, she shoved her middle finger in his mouth. At first, he didn't know her intentions and refused to spread his lips, but then her insistence made him submit to her will.

''Yes... suck my finger, be nice and I'll be nice,'' she muttered staring at him, grinning and winking an eye.

Dogannu swallowed nervously. It was very hard to tell what Aalyat was thinking or what she was ready to do. There were many uncertainties. Was she telling lies when they met in the morning? Was she lying to him now? Perhaps it was a refined way to torture him mentally, even if it wasn't her intention... or was it? Many eyes were in expectation and also lots of whispers but that didn't worry Aalyat. She already had her plan for the night developed in her mind and even Daemeeth wouldn't stop her.

''Turn around... Get on all fours,'' Aalyat ordered.

Obeying quickly, he offered his ass to Aalyat, who licked her lips mischievously. Dogannu closed his eyes, expecting the good or the worst from her. Aalyat took a small glass full of oil from one of her servants and returned to where Dogannu was. Spilling the oil all over his back and ass, Dogannu calmed down as the warm oil helped him to relax. The liquid dripped down his sides and ended up on the floor.

Aalyat kneeled again behind Dogannu and put her hands on his ass. She sighed while caressing those buttocks slowly, her thumbs massaging Dogannu's sphincter and doing a light stretching back there that made him moan of ecstasy. The Priestess stopped playing with his ass and massaged his back, spreading the oil all over.

''Do you like this?'' Aalyat asked.

Nodding, Dogannu wasn't capable of saying a word. It didn't matter if he could not speak to express what was happening inside him. Feeling a dark shadow coming upon him, a sudden cold invaded his body followed by a wave of heat that intensified his desire. Sitting on his back and pressing her erected dick against his oiled skin, Aalyat dug two fingers at both sides of his mouth and forced him to open wide by stretching his cheeks. A low mutter escaped out of his mouth and Aalyat smirked, pleased.

"Good boy... yes..." she muttered, happily noticing how submissive Dogannu was.

Submissive or not, an insecurity grew inside Dogannu. It was like the shadow invading his body was telling him that deep inside, Aalyat wasn't the same woman anymore, even if she told him what he wanted to hear from her. Breathing faster, his body was tensing under her weight as Aalyat pressed her tits against his back. A few drops of sweat slid down from his forehead and the priestess put her lips close to his ear one more time.

''Oh, Dogannu... if you could have any idea how much I love you, you wouldn't be so afraid of me...'' Aalyat whispered and Dogannu groaned in response.

Shaking his head from left to right, up and down, Aalyat had a bit of fun before standing up. Dogannu remained on all fours, waiting for whatever she wanted to do. It didn't take long until she kneeled again in front of him and kissed him again.

''What are you doing, for Dark Ashtoreth's sake?'' Daemeeth thought impatiently while staring at Aalyat. And Diamnith's twin sister wasn't the only one with the same thought.

The most surprised and happiest of all was Priest Hatimekh. Of course, he was very cautious about the real danger represented by Aalyat and her fanatics but this was something to thank god El for.

''Do you think Dogannu had any success today? By the way Aalyat is behaving now,'' Priest Themeon asked his friend in a whisper.

''Shhh... not here. I must say I'm as surprised as you are right now but we cannot trust Aalyat under any circumstance,'' Hatimekh responded and Themeon nodded.

Meanwhile, she forced him to kneel in front of her. Her erect dick was shining due to the oil she spilled on Dogannu's back and the light of the several fires surrounding the altar made it look tastier, just like every part of her body. Putting her soft hand on his head, Dogannu's face ended up under that thick cock. He could smell her strong dominant scent and a powerful wave of lust and kinkiness took over him.

''This is the place where you belong, Dogannu. Now go on and suck my dick,'' Aalyat demanded.

Looking at her with devotion and grabbing her intimidating shaft by its base, Dogannu opened his mouth wide and swallowed most of that huge cock. A general shouting of triumph and some insults came from Aalyat's fanatics and their voices and cries echoed in the entire temple, taking away the courage of more than one.

Daemeeth contemplated the center of the altar, happy while seeing Dogannu struggling on Aalyat's dick. Beyond her range of vision, Edrok was massaging his hard rod under his tunic while watching the action performed by Aalyat and Dogannu, remembering how he sucked Diamnith's cock earlier.

Gagging and coughing, Dogannu was being face-fucked by Aalyat who had her hands on his head and was setting the pace. The young woman sighed and closed her eyes while forcing Dogannu to go all the way. The idea of being in control and commanding Dogannu was even more exciting than having him sucking her cock. Aalyat smirked and leaned her head back a bit while Dogannu choked on her dick.

''Oh yes! This feels so good!'' she yelled out, feeling Dogannu's breath in her pelvis.

Without any possibility to turn the tables for the moment, Dogannu just stayed on his knees with his mouth full of her cock and his left hand jerking his dick off. The other hand was on Aalyat's buttock, massaging and squeezing it. She gave him a short truce and Dogannu took things calmer as he sucked and kissed every inch of that wonderful dick, a dick that stole his virginity and made him feel lots of things, from desperation to satisfaction.

Using the tip of his tongue, Dogannu licked her glans and went like that until the base. Aalyat bit her lips and rolled up her eyes. Her face couldn't hide the satisfaction she was feeling and she let escape a moan of pleasure. Then he opened his mouth and sucked that dick off slowly, tasting every inch of that impressive shaft, spitting on the palm of his hand and then stroking it hard before taking it back to his mouth. Aalyat stared at him, grinning, but from time to time her face showed external signs of ecstasy. Suddenly she put her hands on his forehead and Dogannu felt she was trembling a little.

''Stop or I'll cum!'' Aalyat shouted with a tired but excited voice and withdrew her cock out of his hungry mouth. Thin lines of saliva escaped from his mouth and also were dripping off her shining dick.

Helping Dogannu to be on all fours, she spanked that hot ass a couple times before pushing his face against the cold floor, leaving his ass up and exposed.

''You look so hot from this angle... mmm... very hot,'' Aalyat purred.

Spitting some saliva in his asshole, the priestess dug her thumbs and started to stretch Dogannu's sphincter carefully. He closed his eyes and relaxed his body, the left side of his face was against the floor, not so cold but he didn't care, feeling her thumbs working his sphincter and stretching it wide for the ritual; Dogannu exhaled and left his mouth open.

Sliding another couple fingers in, Aalyat wasn't surprised how easy she was stretching Dogannu's ass wide. After all, two nights of rough sex always help, she thought and grinned. Her ''victim'' was at her disposal, his breath erratic and very fast.

Once she made sure Dogannu was all ready for other challenges, Aalyat crawled on all fours behind him and put her face close to his buttocks. He could feel her breath back there, so close and ready to shove her face between his buttocks. Feeling a tickling and wet sensation in his asshole, it indicated to Dogannu that Aalyat was licking his ass with the tip of her tongue.

''Mmm... it feels so good,'' Dogannu thought and bit his lips.

Putting her hands on his ass, she kept licking that little rose and sometimes Aalyat giggled when noticing his sphincter gaping a little. Things heated up quickly as she dug her tongue deeper and deeper, wiggling it inside his ass and making Dogannu moan and cry out in ecstasy.

After some time licking and tongue fucking his ass, Aalyat used one of her hands to play with Dogannu's balls and cock. He became hard within seconds and taking a small break, she massaged his balls with one hand and stroked his hard shaft with the other, milking him.

''Dark Ashtoreth wants you to cum before we get started... I'm gonna milk you properly and offer your seed to her. Then, I'll fuck your brains out... it's a great plan, don't you think?'' Aalyat muttered, like thinking aloud and at the same time informing Dogannu about her intentions.

Dogannu couldn't reply because his mind was all blank and the basic instincts of his body were the only ones responding. Aalyat kept wanking his dick faster and the only thing that could be heard in the temple was the prayers of the priestesses of Sun, serving Dark Ashtoreth for the ritual. Well, not all of them. Daemeeth wanted to shout but not necessarily prayers of the Samikhred Usim. This time Mirlya opened her eyes to see if her son was fine and noticed the angry gaze of Daemeeth.

''Diamnith... Diamnith! Are you ok?'' Mirlya whispered as louder as she could to avoid anyone else listening to her words.

''Yes... this is disgusting,'' Daemeeth responded without looking at Mirlya. She thought her friend, just like her and most of the sane people in the temple, disagreed with the ritual and how Dogannu was suffering. Somehow Mirlya was right but not for the same reasons she had.

And obviously, her son wasn't suffering. Daemeeth had that clear and that's why she was so pissed. Aalyat swelled the pace of her hand and both lovers yelled out and Dogannu almost lost the strength of his legs when a torrent of cum coming from his ballsack like a burst ended up on the floor. The Priestess of the Night kept jerking that dick until no cum dripped out. Eyes rolled up, breathless and legs shaking without control, Dogannu couldn't stay any longer on all fours and he laid down on the floor, exhausted.

''Now it's time to get acquainted... my love,'' Aalyat muttered in a low voice and jumped on Dogannu. Grabbing his wrists with her soft delicate hands, the young man felt her weight on his body but he didn't say a word. Her smooth skin felt so nice and when her tits were pressed against his oiled back, it was the best feeling in the world.

But there are better ones and Aalyat would make sure of it. Her fat, stiff dick was resting against his drained nuts and pointing them, trying to make its way to his gaping asshole. Sliding up her body, she put her head next to Dogannu's and her glans slid between his buttocks, making some pressure. Her stiff rod broke the little resistance of her beloved Dogannu's sphincter and returned him to his senses, slowly filling his ass with her 9,5 inches.

Fists closed, eyes wide open and with signs of little agony at the beginning, it was how Dogannu felt during the first moment. Having his bowels stretched by Aalyat once again in a less aggressive way was something good, considering how endowed she was. Finally, her pelvis rested on his ass. The penetration was complete and now she remained motionless, helping Dogannu's ass to bear the initial pain and discomfort. He separated his legs a bit to be more comfortable and help her go deeper.

''This feels so good...'' she whispered in his ear.

''Yes... the altar floor is cold, otherwise it would be perfect...'' Dogannu responded.

''Ok... then let me warm you up,'' Aalyat giggled.

After waiting a couple minutes, she knew it was time to get started and Aalyat began to move her hips slowly. Her dick was reaching as deep as possible and that slow paced penetration provoked a lot of sensations and reactions inside him, with a bit of resistance but welcoming at the same time. Dogannu closed his eyes and sighed. Aalyat grabbed his wrists to keep him under her control and kept moving her hips and shoving her shaft deep inside his bowels.

He let escape a moan of ecstasy and stuck his tongue out. Resting her face on his shoulder, Aalyat increased the motion from her hips and her cock went in and out faster. As she promised, she would warm him up again and it wasn't just a matter of fucking him and leaving. Aalyat also rubbed her body against him harder, then licked and bit his shoulder passionately. Feeling her tongue crawling on his skin and her sharp teeth digging in his body blew Dogannu's mind. Now, he craved for more intensity.

''Harder... fuck me harder...'' Dogannu begged Aalyat.

The Priestess stopped pounding Dogannu and took her dick out of his ass. Offering her shoulder, she helped Dogannu to stand up on his own feet. When Aalyat was completely sure he could be up by his own strength and conscious, she told him another instruction.

''Put your arms around my neck, and relax your body.''

Without any warning, she lifted him up like a small porcelain vessel and Dogannu hugged her hard to not fall. Aalyat giggled after seeing Dogannu a bit insecure and handled him like he was as light as a feather.

''Don't worry, you won't fall... on the floor of course,'' she joked quietly.

A nervous smile appeared in his lips and the priestess kissed him one more time, slowly and tenderly. Dogannu was resting his ass on her erect prick. He wrapped his legs around her waist as Aalyat spread his buttocks to the max and he felt her glans pointing its way back inside his asshole. After two failed attempts to push in, she pointed at the right place and her hot glans slid in. Dogannu bit his lips and his beloved woman smirked, gaining pleasure from the anguished gaze she put on his face.

''Oh, gods, I don't know how you can make it so tight around my dick... but it feels wonderful,'' Aalyat commented with delight.

In the current position he was being carried, Dogannu didn't have any control. He felt powerless, helpless, but somehow the young man was more excited than before. Aalyat noted some wetness on her abdomen that came from Dogannu's glans covered in pre seminal fluid. She grinned before melting her fleshy lips onto his.

With his bowels completely impaled by Aalyat's dick and properly stretched, Dogannu nodded quickly and, grabbing his buttocks harder, she made him go up slowly. Before Aalyat could take out her glans, she pushed him down until she had buried her cock deep inside him. The priestess giggled and repeated the process. Dogannu closed his eyes and bit his lips, containing the undeniable pleasure he was feeling. He tensed his body and embraced Aalyat as hard as he could.

She made him bounce on her dick faster and her lover let escape a low moan of ecstasy. Aalyat put her hips to work and started to pound his ass and at the same time Dogannu bounced on that wonderful shaft to increase the pleasure they were experiencing.

''Ahh... ahh...'' Dogannu yelled out and dug his nails in Aalyat's back.

''Yess... yess... you fucking impish one, ride my big cock!'' Aalyat muttered to his ear.

The constant friction between their bodies made Dogannu's cock hard and warm within minutes. Aalyat felt the throbbing hot cock slapping against her belly and, withdrawing her shaft out of his ass, she put Dogannu's legs on her shoulders and his head leaned back. In that position, he had to struggle a lot to not fall down and Aalyat was carrying all his weight, but after adjusting her balance by spreading a bit more her legs, she had no problems carrying his weight.

It was very difficult for Dogannu to remain in such position; however, Aalyat was ready to make him feel a lot better. It took a while to find his sphincter, but when she did, the young woman pounded his asshole like there was no tomorrow. Her cock came in and out of his sweet hole like a vice, his buttocks slapped by her balls and pelvis with an endless pounding that made Dogannu see stars.

''Fuck me harder, bitch! Don't hold yourself!'' he demanded.

Those words were like a fine wine for Aalyat. She plowed him harder and the echo of her pelvis hitting his butt was the only noise in the Temple besides the moaning voices of the lovers. Now Daemeeth smirked and nodded a little, admiring how Aalyat was tearing Dogannu's ass hard.

They lasted like that another five minutes until she felt tired and with one last thrust, she dug her dick deep inside him. Dogannu felt her warm, tired breath inches away and they kissed again, Aalyat sneaked her tongue into his mouth to taste him better.

''Next time, don't call me bitch or I could get mad at you for real,'' she whispered after they separated and then she withdrew her cock out of his gaping asshole.

Dogannu felt his legs cramped and Aalyat helped him to lay down on his back. Laying over his sweaty body, her face and lips were inches away from Dogannu's and she smiled tenderly.

''Never ever forget this... I truly love you, Dogannu,'' she muttered.

''And I love you... always did,'' he responded.

His heart beat faster and for a second he forgot about the ritual and the thousand people around them. She rubbed her body against his and his cock got another erection. Offering her delicious tits, Dogannu sucked them like they were a pair of juicy fruits. Pressing his head against her breasts, Aalyat moaned out loud. Then she watched her acolyte among the other Priestesses of Sun. Daemeeth shook her head imperceptibly and her eyes were full of hate but she couldn't do anything to avoid Aalyat's blasphemy to Dark Ashtoreth.

The young man was amused by the smoothness of Aalyat's skin and her sweet smell, like she was using a fine perfume of the gods. It didn't help him to think straight and obviously he wanted to taste more. However, Aalyat went down kissing her way to his aching cock and gulped every inch in the first attempt.

''Oh gods, this is so good... keep going, sweet Aalyat,'' he mumbled, putting his hand on her head to make her suck him deeper.

She pulled and squeezed his testicles with one hand, the other stroking his dick slowly and her wet mouth working on his glans. Dogannu spread out his arms and moaned excitedly when another servant of Dark Ashtoreth came to the altar holding a long cane with an iron sphere full of essence.

Dogannu inhaled the smoke from the cane and suddenly his body felt different; light as a feather but waves of heat invaded him again. Also, everything seemed distorted and when he looked around him, the Temple was empty. Only Aalyat was on the altar.

The fact of suddenly being alone surprised him and his breath swelled. What surprised him more, taking him to a thin line between surprise and fear, was Aalyat. His eyes went down to his cock to see her sucking his meat and she looked at him, her eyes seemed strange; one of them grey as usual but the other iris became red. Aalyat giggled and didn't break eye contact with him while sucking his shaft all the way.

His thoughts were clumsy, and Dogannu couldn't be so confident about what was real or part of his imagination. Flames were dancing around the altar, surrounding them, increasing the heat and tension Dogannu was feeling inside him. His own skin felt different, insensitive and cold; looking down at his crotch again he also saw Aalyat had changed. Her skin went grey and covered of cracks and he realized the woman sucking his dick with delight wasn't her anymore and he panicked for a second.

''You will be mine...'' Dark Ashtoreth whispered after taking his cock out of her mouth and smirked.

Blinking, the visions vanished and he returned to his senses again. Aalyat was sucking his balls and drinking his precum. Dogannu opened his mouth, trying to calm down when another moan of ecstasy escaped his mouth, coming out deep from his soul. His muscles cramped as his beloved woman licked his glans nonstop.

''Just like that, just like that... oh, gods! Make me cum, Aalyat!'' he begged.

Her tongue didn't stop for more than one minute and Dogannu's cries echoed throughout the whole place. Taking him to the edge, he didn't last long. Spasms took over him, especially in his legs and abdomen. He held his breath and Aalyat jerked and licked him faster. A hot and wild shot of thick cum came out of his dick and ended on his stomach, but the priestess of Dark Ashtoreth kept jerking his dick until she made sure his balls were fully drained.

Dogannu ended dizzy and powerless, but pleased. His legs felt very heavy, like a pair of giant stones were tied to his thighs. His gaze reflected the relief and joy he was experiencing and Aalyat's smiley face above him.

Putting her hands on his legs and separating them, Aalyat pushed her glans into Dogannu's ass. Stuffing his ass with her huge piece of meat made him moan again. She didn't stop until she buried all her 9,5 inches again. Her sweaty body leaned over him and he put his hands on her back, caressing and squeezing her curves as she plowed his butt harder. The young priestess rested her head on his shoulder and Dogannu could hear her erratic breaths in his ear.

''Ahh... ahh... ahh...'' Dogannu yelled in her ear, driving her crazy so she went deeper.

At that point of the ritual, nothing else mattered for both Aalyat and Dogannu. He was enjoying how that thick cock was stretching him wide, giving him love and pleasure and Aalyat barely remembered what she had to do, something about a servant of hers but she just kissed his cheek and kept thrusting her dick hard and fast relentlessly.

As she went deeper inside him, his dick was becoming hard again. Dogannu couldn't understand what kind of supernatural power Aalyat had to make him feel so good with such treatment. Somehow, his soul was attached to hers and he embraced her hard against him. Aalyat kissed and licked every inch of his neck while delivering a fast pace.

Soon, her moves became wilder. It was clear her orgasm was closer now as Dogannu squeezed her cock with his sphincter. That small resistance made her roll up her eyes and their compassed moans filled the temple as Dogannu felt her warm seed being deposited deep inside him. After one last thrust, Aalyat gave up and rested her body over his.

Trying to recover his breath and energy, Dogannu hugged her and caressed her back and ass. She stared at him and one more time, Aalyat changed; it was the same creature he saw a while ago.

''You can't change your fate, Wicked One,'' Dark Ashtoreth muttered.

The man blinked again nervously and everything was normal again. Aalyat, despite being exhausted, noticed Dogannu's gaze of satisfaction had gone when he looked at her.

''You didn't enjoy it, did you?'' she wondered, a bit disappointed.

''No, no. I did... it's just... everything is fine,'' Dogannu responded and smiled. At the end Aalyat nodded and smiled, but she wasn't completely happy at all because she was sure Dogannu wasn't being honest with her.

She took her dick out of his ass and cum started to leak out. Helped by a servant, Aalyat got dressed and left Dogannu alone in the middle of the altar. The Priestesses of Sun around the altar stood up and assisted him. He was confused but deep inside him, happy... and that was the main reason for his inexpressive gaze.

The only priestess that didn't seem happy with the ending of the rite was Daemeeth. She avoided looking at Dogannu or any other of the priestesses and she kept staring at the floor while preparing the stretcher to carry Dogannu back to Ashtaroth. Once they were ready, she walked away, ignoring a surprised Mirlya and the other priestesses. As people left the lair clearly dissatisfied, Asded-abu saw Daemeeth steps away in front of him. Rushing, he reached the pissed woman and walked alongside her until they came out of the cave.

"Can we talk? I must tell you something very important, Priestess Diamnith," he said.

"I feel very tired, maybe tomorrow," she excused.

"This can't wait until tomorrow, this is about you! You're in danger," Asded-abu insisted.

Daemeeth stopped and looked at him.

"We are all in danger now, Priest. The fanatics of Dark Ashtoreth are numerous and devoted," Daemeeth said with a slight pride in her voice.

"I'm afraid I did something terrible, I was frightened by her threat and..."

"What are you talking about?" she interrupted him, but she supposed he was referring to her.

Walking away from her fanatics followed by Asded-abu, Daemeeth guided him to the east side of the hill so no one would see or hear them.

"Where are we going?" Asded-abu wondered anxiously.

"We are almost there," she muttered without looking back.

Once she made sure they were far enough, Daemeeth stopped walking and turned around.

"Ok, here we can talk freely. Now, what's that terrible thing that frightened you?"

"Priestess Diamnith, your sister Daemeeth is not dead and she's seeking revenge for whatever you did to her when you were a priestess of the Night," Asded-abu revealed.

"I know..." Daemeeth mumbled with no surprise.

"She said she'd kill me if I didn't tell her where you were at, for Baal I'm not lying! I'm afraid she wants to kill you and help Aalyat to complete the ritual," the priest yelled desperately.

"I guess so..." Daemeeth said without showing any emotion.

"Priestess Diamnith! This is very serious, we must inform the other priests and offer a reward for her head!" Asded-abu exclaimed, anguished by the indifference Daemeeth was showing.

Giving one step forward, Daemeeth sighed and looked around slowly to check they were alone. She hid her hands inside her black tunic and felt the cold knife hanging on the left side and put her hand on the handgrip.

"I must tell you a secret as well, Priest Asded-abu..." Daemeeth said in a low voice and gave two steps forward. Asded-abu stepped back.

"Priestess Diamnith, what do you mean?" he mumbled, no longer nervous, but panicked. A cruel smile appeared on Daemeeth's face.

"I am Daemeeth..." she confessed and smirked. Holding tight the handgrip, she attacked Asded-abu.

Jumping on him and taking him down, she stabbed him without mercy. Over and over, nonstop and laughing out, Daemeeth dug her knife in his chest and stomach. Even after Asded-abu was clearly dead she didn't stop until she pummeled his body. Some blood ended up in her face by the way she kept digging and taking out the knife, making wounds in every inch of his body and the blood spilling out and away. Tired and breathless after her mad rage, Daemeeth yelled out at him and then she laid down next to the dead body trying to recover her breath and laughing quietly, spreading the blood in her hands all over her face.

"Hail Dark Ashtoreth..." she muttered when she caught some air and giggled madly.

The sun was rising up for another day in the sky and the people of Ashtaroth were ready to begin their routine of hard work. A couple miles out of town, the steps of a mysterious figure were muttered by the sand, walking without pause and calmly. A sword was hanging on the left side and a leather bag on the right making a continuous metallic noise. The long cape of the stranger was waving behind due to the constant wind.

Finally, stopping near the main entrance of Ashtaroth, the long and straight blonde hair waved by the wind seemed to be in flames thanks to the sunlight. As the woman put her hands on her waist, she stared at the town.

The End