
Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 1
» ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM
Updated: 5/21/2016, 12:37:35 AM

Matthew Evans, “Matt” to his friends, was a virgin. It wasn’t something he was proud of, but it was true. At 18, he was full of hormones, which he unfortunately only got to deal with by masturbation, his penis having never felt the touch of a girl. Fortunately his two best friends, Max and Sam were also virgins, so the three of them bonded over their lack of sex lives.

Now, the three boys were like any others. When not fantasising about getting laid, they played video games, did a little bit of sport, and complained about school. Matt had a 19-year-old sister, Becky, who’d been with her current boyfriend, Jamie, for over 2 years, so he figured the chances of her also being a virgin were pretty much zero. Our story begins on a Saturday evening, when the 3 boys were over at Matt’s house for a sleepover, and were currently playing games on the Playstation.

“Hey, stop camping!” Max shouted.

“There’s no rule against it!” Sam shouted back.

“Hey you guys, keep it down!” Becky shouted, knocking on the door.

“Sorry sis!” Matt shouted out at her. He thought he could hear a murmur of “morons” coming from her.

“Hey Matt, your sister’s kinda hot!” Max said.

“Hey, that’s my sister you’re talking about!” Matt protested.

“Yeah, so?” Max replied. “I bet if I had a sister, you’d be crushing on her too.”

“I don’t mind you crushing on my sister, but you don’t have to keep reminding me!” Matt shouted.

“Fine, but just for the record, she’s hot, right Sam?” Max asked the third boy.

“Yep,” Sam replied, much to Matt’s annoyance.

The rest of the night went on as expected. The boys eventually went to bed, with Matt sleeping in his bed, and his two friends in sleeping bags. Matt woke up the next morning early, unable to sleep. He looked over at his clock, and saw that it was just approaching 7am. He could feel his morning wood straining against his boxers. On any normal morning, he’d have sorted that out, but he wasn’t about to start masturbating with his friends in the room. And besides, he was thirsty.

Slowly, so as to not wake up his friends, both out of courtesy for them, and a desire for them to not see his boner, Matt got out of bed, and left the room. In just his boxers, Matt walked downstairs, his boner having just about gone away by the time he reached the kitchen. Matt poured himself a glass of apple juice, and sat drinking it on the sofa, when suddenly there was a knock at the front door. He wasn’t sure who would be calling at 7am on a Sunday, but he got up to answer it.

“Yeah, I’ve got a delivery for you,” said the man on the doorstep when he answered it. He was holding a small, cardboard box, and a PDA, which he handed to Matt. “Sign here.”

“Uh ... what it is?” Matt asked him.

“A PDA, idiot,” The delivery man replied. “Now sign it.”

“No, I mean what’s in the package?”

“How should I know? Just sign it please.”

Matt signed his name on the line, before taking the package into the living room. He looked at it with intrigue. The package was simply addressed to “The lucky recipient of this present”, with no other markings on it. Figuring he was allowed to, Matt started opening the package. Inside was a lot of bubble wrap, and inside that was something very interesting indeed. There was an old, Arabian-style lamp, very much like the one from Aladdin. Next to it was a short, handwritten note, in a language that Matt didn’t recognise. There was some dirt on the lamp, so he started to try and rub it off...

As he did, he felt the coldness of the lamp begin to grow warm, as though coming alive. Pink smoke began to flow out of the tip, and Matt threw the lamp onto the floor in a panic.

“Fuck!” He shouted. More and more smoke emerged, before it began to take a humanoid shape. When the smoke cleared, Matt saw a beautiful, nude girl stood there. She looked about his age, with tanned skin, and long, curly, brown hair. She had large boobs, at least D-cups, and absolutely no pubic hair at all. Matt didn’t get much time to admire her however, as she immediately got on her knees, and bowed her head before him.

“Uhh...” Matt stuttered, and the girl spoke some words. He didn’t understand the language, but her voice sounded as beautiful as her body. She said something else, before saying a few more things in what sounded like different languages. She then looked up at him, apparently realising that he didn’t understand any of the languages she knew. She gestured for him to stay put, and she ran upstairs.

“Hey, wait!” Matt shouted after her, watching her ass as she ran. Half a minute or so later, she returned, and resumed bowing.

“Do you understand me now, Master?” The girl asked.

“Uh ... yes...” Matt replied. “What’s going on?”

“I could not speak any language you understood, so I used my powers to obtain this language knowledge from the two adolescent boys sleeping upstairs,” she explained. “I would have taken the knowledge directly from your own mind, but we are strictly forbidden from using our powers on our Masters without their consent.”

“What are you talking about?” Matt asked her. “And who the fuck are you?”

“I am Lumiosa, your loyal servant, Master,” the girl replied.

“Servant?”

“Yes Master. Are you not familiar with genies?” Matt’s jaw dropped.

“Genies? Uh ... yeah ... So what, I get 3 wishes?”

“No Master, I am here to fulfil your every wish, within the rules of course.”

Matt’s mind was a mix of confusion, and excitement at the prospect of a Genie who would grant his every wish.

“Why aren’t you looking at me?” He asked her.

“I am bowing my head as a sign of respect,” Lumiosa replied. “I am sorry, Master, do you find this disrespectful? I regret that I am not knowledgeable of your culture. Would you like me to raise my head?”

“Yeah, it’s sort of weird talking to you like that.”

Lumiosa immediately raised her head to face Matt, and smiled as she sat there on her knees.

“So ... what’s this about rules?”

“Well Master, to clear up what I said earlier, there are no limits on how many wishes you can make. I belong to you from now until the day you die, unless you choose to pass me on to someone else. Please be aware that you cannot cheat this rule by using my powers to extend your lifespan beyond that of a normal human. I am allowed to heal you of injuries, and even keep you physically young, but you must die at your appointed time. Next, you are not allowed to prevent genies from completing their work. By this, I mean that you could not, for example, wipe out your species, as this would prevent my fellow genies from having masters to serve.”

“Wait a second,” Matt interrupted her. “There are more of you?”

“Thousands of us, but do not worry Master, the other genies will not bother you, as you, and all other Masters, are forbidden from interfering with another person’s wishes, or making a wish that would interfere with another Master’s physical or mental state. In other words, you are quite safe from your fellow Masters, assuming you ever encounter one at all.

Thirdly, you are forbidden from making the existence of genies public knowledge. You may tell people about me, but the general public must not become aware of me.”

“Well that should be okay,” Matt said. “Is that it?”

“Those are all the rules, master,” Lumiosa replied. “Aside from that, you are free to wish for whatever you like.”

“Anything I like?”

“Whatever you desire, I will grant it for you. What do you desire, Master?”

Matt sat in silence for a bit. He looked at this beautiful, naked girl, who was sat on her knees, smiling, and waiting patiently, and he realised his cock had gotten hard again, and was tenting in his boxers.

“I, uh...” Matt stammered.

“Yes Master? What is it you desire?”

“I desire ... you,” Matt eventually managed.

“Me, Master?” Lumiosa said, confused. She then looked down at his bulge. “Oh, I think I understand, Master. You wish for me to pleasure you?”

“Yes ... if you want to,” Matt replied, nervous about ordering this girl to have sex with him.

“I want nothing more than to please you, Master,” Lumiosa smiled, and then grabbed Matt’s boxers. She pulled them off of him, dropping them onto the floor. She looked at his erect penis gleefully, and was about to touch it.

“Wait!” Matt said, and she stopped her advances to look at him.

“What is wrong, Master?” She asked. “Do you no longer wish for me to pleasure you?”

“I’ve read stories about genies. How do I know you’re not gonna twist my wishes into something I’m gonna regret?”

“As a genie, I am permitted to use my own judgement in granting your wish how I believe you desire it to be granted, but if you are displeased with how I have granted a wish, you may wish punishment unto me.”

“Punishment?”

“For example, I once had a Master who commanded me to feel as though my entire body was on fire.”

“Holy fuck!” Matt exclaimed.

“Are you alright, Master?”

“How could he do that to you!?”

“He wished it, and I granted his wish.”

“But that’s evil!”

“It was my punishment for displeasing him.”

“What, you mean you liked being punished?”

“It was agonising, but it was my punishment,” Lumiosa smiled.

“How can you be so cheery talking about this?”

“I’m sorry Master, do you wish for me to be sad?”

“I don’t know ... no ... I don’t want you to have sex with me just because I tell you to ... and why can you be so accepting that I could just command you to feel unbelievable agony at a whim? I mean, you seem so happy.”

“I am happy, Master,” Lumiosa said, continuing with her beautiful smile. “I love being a genie, because I love making my Masters happy. If you wish for me to pleasure you, then I would gladly do so. If you are happy, then I am happy.”

“You really wanna pleasure me?”

“If that is what you wish, then yes.”

“Alright then ... Lumiosa, I wish for you to give me a blowjob.”

“Your wish is my command, Master.”

Lumiosa then moved forward on her knees, and positioned her head by Matt’s cock, before giving it a few licks, which caused Matt to shudder. She gave him a few more licks on his balls and the length of his cock.

“Please...” He moaned.

“Please what, Master?”

“Please suck on it...”

“As you wish, Master.” Lumiosa then licked the tip of his cock a few times, before she slid her mouth over his entire length, causing him to gasp. Matt spread his legs wide, as he slouched on the sofa from the pleasure Lumiosa was giving him. She bobbed her head up and down on his cock, her luxurious tongue wrapping itself around his manhood, massaging it sensually.

“Oh God ... I can’t hold out...” Matt moaned, before he let out a loud groan as he came hard, blasting his cum into the genie’s mouth. Matt didn’t know if Lumiosa had used her powers to intensify his orgasm, or if it was just down to this being his first one that hadn’t been caused by his hands, but it was without a doubt the greatest orgasm he’d ever had. When it was over, Matt felt Lumiosa lick his length to get his remaining cum, before she swallowed it all. She then pulled off of him, and looked at him eagerly.

“Did you enjoy that, Master?”

“Uh ... yeah...” Matt replied.

“Woah...” Matt looked to his left, and saw his two friends stood there, dressed for the day, staring at them. A look at their groins showed that they seemed to have boners. Matt gasped, and tried to cover his groin, including his softening cock.

“Master, do you wish me to clothe you?” Lumiosa asked him.

“Yes please!” Matt replied. Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Matt was instantly wearing the boxers which she had pulled off of him.

“Holy fuck...” Max said in amazement as the boxers appeared on his friend’s body.

“No Lumiosa, I mean fully dressed!” Matt snapped.

“I’m sorry Master, I’m afraid I do not understand.” Lumiosa’s face was one of utter sadness at not knowing how to properly grant her Master’s wish.

“Well ... upstairs in my drawers are some clothes. Put jeans and a T-shirt on me,” Matt commanded.

“Your wish is my command, Master,” Lumiosa said.

She snapped her fingers, and Matt was dressed in jeans and a T-shirt from his drawers. “Do these clothes please you, Master?”

“Uh ... yeah, I guess,” Matt replied, before turning back to his friends.

“That was so cool!” Sam exclaimed. “How’d she do that?”

“It’s obvious, she’s a succubus,” Max said.

“Wait, doesn’t that mean she’s gonna suck Matt’s soul out?” Sam asked.

“You’re right...” Max realised. “Hang on Matt, I’ll save you!” Max was about to run at Lumiosa, before Sam grabbed him.

“Idiot!” He shouted. “If you get too close to her, she’ll get you too! Besides, I don’t think she’s a succubus. Look at that.” Sam pointed to Lumiosa’s lamp, which was laying on the floor.

“Is that ... a lamp?” Max asked.

“I think she’s a genie,” Sam said.

“A genie? Wow!” Max then ran over to the lamp. He grabbed it to pick it up, but he immediately cried out in pain.

“What the fuck!? It’s boiling hot!” He shouted out.

“Lumiosa, what did you do!?” Matt shouted at the genie.

“It is an automatic security feature to stop anyone from stealing my lamp from you, Master,” Lumiosa explained. “Would you like me to disable it?”

“Yes!” Matt shouted, and Lumiosa snapped her fingers.

“I guess she really is a genie then?” Sam asked.

“Yeah, she is,” Matt replied.

“Hey genie...” Max groaned. “Heal my hands.” Max held them up, and Matt could see the burns. Lumiosa looked over at Matt.

“Master, do you wish for me to grant this boy’s wish?” She asked him.

“Yeah, do it,” Matt replied.

“Your wish is my command, Master.” Lumiosa bowed, and took Max’s hands in hers. The boy felt his hands tingle, and the pain dissipate. When he let go of his hands, the burns had completely gone. Lumiosa then returned to Matt’s side, to await his next wish.

“It worked!” Max exclaimed. “My hands are healed!”

“So you can grant any wish, huh?” Sam asked her. She stayed quiet. “Uh, hello? Answer me!”

“Master, do I have permission to speak to these boys?” Lumiosa asked Matt.

“Uh yeah, of course,” Matt replied.

“Thank you Master,” Lumiosa answered, before turning to Sam. “To answer your question mortal, I am able to grant any wish that my Master makes, within the very limited, but very strict rules of genies.”

“Well how about you get her to suck us off too?” Max asked. “Spread the love?”

Matt didn’t get a chance to answer, because at that moment, they all heard the sound of Becky’s bedroom door opening, meaning that she’d be down any second.

“Fuck!” Matt cried out. “Lumiosa, hide!”

“Yes Master,” she said, before immediately vanishing in a puff of smoke. Becky walked downstairs in her pyjamas.

“Hey dorks,” she yawned, before walking into the kitchen.

“Let’s go upstairs,” Matt said to his friends, who nodded. They went upstairs to Matt’s room, and shut the door.

“So how do we get her back?” Max asked.

“I assume I just rub it...” Matt said. He rubbed the lamp, and sure enough, the pink smoke once again began to pour out of it, forming Lumiosa, who was sat on her knees, facing him.

“Greetings Master, what is it you desire?” She smiled.

“Blowjobs!” Max shouted out. “Suck our dicks!”

“Master, do you wish for me to fellate them?” Lumiosa asked.

“No, I don’t,” Matt replied.

“Hey, what gives!?” Max complained. “Come on genie, suck us off!”

“She has a name, you know,” Matt said. “It’s Lumiosa. And I’m not about to go telling her to suck off every guy I meet.”

“Oh come on, help your friends out!” Sam begged.

“Guys, don’t worry, I’m gonna get you laid, but you’re not doing it with Lumiosa. She’s mine.”

“Fine, but get us laid fast, because I’m so jealous of that blowjob you got!” Max said.

“Lumiosa, I’d like to make my next wish please,” Matt said to her.

“Of course Master, what is it you wish for?” Lumiosa asked.

“I wish for Lucy and Laura Simmons to fall madly in love with Max and Sam. I wish for them to want nothing more than to have sex with them, as much as the boys want. I wish that no matter how much they have sex, they won’t get the girls pregnant.”

“Oh my God Matt, thanks!” Sam exclaimed.

“And finally, I wish for them to be instantly teleported into their bedrooms, right now.”

“Your wish is my command, Master,” Lumiosa smiled.

She snapped her fingers, and Max and Sam were instantly gone.

“Did it work?” Matt asked.

“Of course Master. Exactly as you commanded.”

“Good,” Matt said, before laying on his bed. “Come and lay on the bed with me.” Lumiosa did as she was instructed, and laid on the bed next to him, awaiting further instructions.

“I wish to be naked.” Instantly, it was so, his boner being freed from his jeans. He then hesitated before he said the next bit. “Lumiosa, are you absolutely certain you don’t mind pleasuring me?”

“Master, there is nothing I want more than to serve you, and to make you happy. If you wish for me to pleasure you, then it would be my absolute pleasure to obey.”

“Alright then, I will. Lumiosa, I wish for you to have sex with me.”

“Your wish is my command, Master.”

Lumiosa smiled cheekily, before giving him a passionate kiss. Matt moaned as this gorgeous genie gave him his first kiss, before he started kissing her back. She wrapped her arms around him, and stroked his back, causing him to shudder with pleasure. Matt could feel Lumiosa licking his lips, asking for entry, and he obliged, their tongues exploring each-other’s enthusiastically.

Matt and Lumiosa held each-other close, Matt’s fully-erect dick rubbing against Lumiosa’s stomach. Feeling adventurous, Matt grabbed his genie’s ass, and she giggled. Lumiosa then gently pushed Matt onto his back, and climbed on top of him.

Matt gulped. It was time. Time for him to lose his virginity. Lumiosa grabbed hold of his penis, and positioned it by her entrance, before she slid her vagina over it. Matt groaned, and closed his eyes from the sensations he felt; warmth, wetness, and tightness. And it all felt incredible!

Once he’d come to terms with what he was feeling, Matt opened his eyes, and saw Lumiosa looking at him lovingly. He looked down at their groins, where he saw his own pubic hair, and the very base of his penis, the rest of it being engulfed by Lumiosa’s vagina.

“Do you wish for me to continue, Master?”

“Yeah-wait, you can’t get pregnant, can you?”

“Do you wish for me to get pregnant?”

“Hell no.”

“Then no, I will not get pregnant.”

“Alright, just checking. Do your stuff.”

Lumiosa smiled once more, and then began to wiggle her hips. Matt moaned, and Lumiosa started thrusting her hips up and down. When he found the strength, Matt sat up, and grabbed her ass, before giving her a kiss. As they made out, Matt started moving his own hips, to join the efforts she was putting in.

Despite his previous blowjob, Matt’s virgin stamina quickly began to show itself, and he felt himself approaching the edge.

“Fuck ... I’m gonna cum...” Matt moaned.

“Do you wish to cum, Master?”

“Yes...”

“Your wish is my command.”

Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Matt cried out in pleasure, as he felt his cock instantly explode with the most intense orgasm of his entire life, far surpassing the one she’d given him with her mouth earlier. Matt fell forwards, and Lumiosa held him on top of her, stroking his back and butt, and planting kisses on him, as he fired cum deep into her.

“Yes ... Yes ... Oh God Yes...” Matt moaned as he came. It lasted for more than a minute, until every single drop of Matt’s cum had been shot into Lumiosa’s vagina. Matt laid on top of her, panting, as his cock began to soften. He gave Lumiosa a soft kiss, before his exhaustion forced him into unconsciousness.

Matt woke up a few hours later with the feeling of his duvet on his back, warm flesh on his front, and his soft cock rubbing against something soft. He opened his eyes, and he saw Lumiosa staring at him, still laid underneath his nude form.

“Greetings Master, did you sleep well?” She asked him in her cheery voice.

“Uh yeah, I did...” Matt replied, coming to terms with the fact that he hadn’t dreamed it all.

“I took the liberty of moving your duvet on top of you, to make you more comfortable. I hope this pleases you.”

“Yeah ... it does. Thanks.”

“You are quite welcome, Master. Would you like to make another wish now?”

“Not right now,” Matt replied, rolling off her, and onto his back.

He looked at the clock, which said it was nearly 11am.

“Wow, we slept for a long time, eh?”

“I did not sleep, Master.”

“What? Why?”

“You did not dismiss me. I could not sleep without your permission.”

“Aren’t you tired?”

“Genies do not get tired, unless you would like me to.”

“So you never sleep?”

“I would sleep if you commanded me to, and in my lamp I often pass into an unconscious state, particularly between Masters, but I myself do not need to sleep as humans do.”

“Do you not have free will though? I mean, do you have desires?”

“My only desire is to serve my Master, who at the moment is you.”

Matt sighed. This was one of the nicest girls he’d ever met, but he wondered if she was naturally like this, or some sort of mind control that all genies went through. He wondered if she’d always been a genie, or she’d been forced into it, and this cheeriness was her way of coping with it. He didn’t want to ask her.

“Lumiosa, I don’t have any more wishes for now, so you can go into your lamp and rest if you want to.”

“Do you want me to?” Matt sighed again. This girl really did seem incapable of thinking for herself. That would have to be worked on.

“Yes, I want you to go into your lamp and rest,” he told her.

“At once, Master,” she nodded, before becoming a cloud of smoke, which was sucked into the lamp.

“I’d better hide this thing I guess,” Matt said, picking up the lamp. He didn’t think anyone else could rub it and take Lumiosa for themselves, but he didn’t want to risk it. And besides, he didn’t want his parents asking where he’d gotten an old lamp from. He put it under his bed, and then looked around for his clothes. He checked his floor, and then his drawers, and there was no sign of them. Matt eventually came to the conclusion that when he’d wished himself naked, Lumiosa had made his clothes vanish into thin air, rather than putting them away. Oh well, he could always wish them back.

Matt put some clothes on, and headed downstairs for some breakfast. His stomach was rumbling, a little bit of which was probably from what he’d burned off during sex, he assumed. Matt then thought about the sex. A few hours ago, he’d been a normal teenage boy, but since then he’d lost his virginity to the most beautiful girl he’d ever met, who’d do whatever he said, and grant his every wish.

This presented Matt wish an ethical question; was it right? He could do almost anything he wanted, and make people do whatever he wanted. He didn’t know who had sent him Lumiosa, or why. Maybe he was being tested, to see how he’d handle limitless power?

“About time you’re up, we were about to call an undertaker,” Matt’s dad said as he walked into the living room. “Where’s Max and Sam?”

“Fuck,” Matt thought. He’d forgotten about them. “They’re, uh ... still sleeping. They’re really tired.”

“Alright, but make sure to check they’re still breathing every now and then,” Matt’s dad laughed, before going back to watching whatever it was that was on TV.

Matt poured himself a bowl of cereal, and ate it as quickly as possible, before running back upstairs to his bedroom. He pulled out the lamp, and rubbed it.

“Yes Master?” Said Lumiosa when she emerged from the cloud of smoke, sat on her knees “What is it you desire?”

“Aren’t you uncomfortable sitting like that all the time?” He asked her.

“Not at all, Master,” she smiled. “It feels perfectly natural for me, and it is done as a sign of respect to you. I would feel extremely rude standing in your presence.”

“I don’t mind if you want to stand or sit differently,” Matt said, sitting down on his bed. “In fact, come and sit on the bed with me.”

“Yes Master,” she said cheerfully, coming to sit with him.

“What about being naked all the time? You don’t mind that?”

“Of course not, Master. This is how I was created, and it is how my Masters normally like me. Would you like me to wear some clothes?”

“I want you to be comfortable. Do you want to wear clothes?”

“Do you want me to wear clothes?”

Matt sighed again.

“Anyway ... I’d like to make a wish. I wish for Max and Sam to come back here right now.”

“Your wish is my command, Master.” Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Max and Sam were instantly laid on the floor of the bedroom, naked, with fully-erect penises.

“Hey what gives!?” Sam shouted in protest at Matt interrupting them. Max however, simply moaned, as cum began to shoot out of his cock, though only a small amount, his reserves apparently depleted from his activities that morning.

“Lumiosa, I wish for you to clean up Max’s cum, and dress them both how they were when you sent them away earlier,” Matt ordered.

“Yes Master,” Lumiosa said. She snapped her fingers, and it was done.

“Hey Matt, how would you like it if we interrupted your sex?” Max asked him, clearly annoyed.

“Sorry, but I didn’t want to have to explain to my family where you’d gone,” Matt told him.

“Matt, you’ve got a genie!” Sam shouted. “You don’t have to explain anything! You can control anyone you want!”

“Yeah!” Max added. “Though I’d love for you to send us back to the girls!”

“Fine,” Matt relented. “Lumiosa, I wish for you to send them back, but at 3pm they need to go home like they’re supposed to.”

“Yes Master,” Lumiosa said, and they were immediately gone again.

“Lumiosa, I wish for you to return to your lamp.”

“As you wish, Master.”

Lumiosa returned to her lamp, and Matt turned his Playstation on. He wanted to let her rest properly, and he wanted some time to contemplate what he really wanted to do with the power he’d been given.

Matt didn’t summon Lumiosa for the rest of the day, and in the evening, he stripped naked, and got in bed. He held Lumiosa’s lamp in his hands, feeling the warmth it was emitting. He was tempted to summon Lumiosa and ask her to sleep with him, but he decided to let her rest in the comfort of her own lamp. At least, he assumed it was comfort. He wondered what it was like in there, if she liked it. Matt put the lamp next to him under his duvet, and went to sleep.

Now, Matt was a bit of a wriggler in his sleep, and he naturally ended up rubbing against the lamp. A cloud of pink smoke shot out of it, and Lumiosa materialised in the room.

“Greeting Mast-” she said, before realising he was sleeping. She couldn’t return to her lamp without his permission, and she didn’t want to wake him up, so she resigned herself to waiting with him until he woke up naturally.

Lumiosa went over to Matt’s bedroom window, and used her powers to see past the blinds at the street, which was illuminated by the street lights. This place, she thought, seemed very different to the one where her last Master lived. She saw many different buildings outside, all looking reasonably similar, and she wondered if her Master owned them all. A large, metal box moved down the road, emitting lights from its front. It fascinated Lumiosa, and she wondered if her Master would eventually permit her to leave his home, in order to explore this new place she had found herself in.

Lumiosa didn’t know how long it had been since her last Master had died. She had been unconscious for most of the time she had been in her lamp, but she believe it may have been centuries. Her current Master seemed a kind one, including being genuinely concerned for her. She looked forward to making life a happy one.

Figuring he probably wouldn’t mind if she did so, Lumiosa left her Master’s bedroom, and went to explore his home. With her powers, she looked through the various doors, and found 3 other people. In one room was a girl who looked a little bit older than her Master. A servant perhaps? Or a concubine? Or a wife? She’d served many noblemen over the years, and most of them had large harems, in which she was generally high-ranking, if not a wife.

The other two people, a man and a woman, seemed older, and Lumiosa decided that, if they weren’t servants, they were probably her Master’s parents. Given how they were cuddling in their sleep, Lumiosa figured they were certainly at least a couple.

Lumiosa had assumed that her current Master was nobility, as his home seemed far more luxurious than the houses of the commoners she’d served in the past. Truth be told, Lumiosa knew very little about her new Master. The other boys had called him Matt, which she assumed was his name, as the language knowledge she had extracted from their heads did not seem to indicate it was a title.

She walked downstairs, into the room where she’d first emerged from her lamp. There was what she knew was a sofa, and a large, flat screen, which she didn’t know what it was. She then walked into what looked like a kitchen, though it was much smaller than she would have expected from a noble’s kitchen. She assumed one of the other buildings would have a larger one, where her Master’s large feasts were prepared. This one was probably for if he desired anything in the night.

Lumiosa walked back up to her Master’s bedroom, and shut the door behind her. She looked at her sleeping Master, and wondered if she should climb in bed with him. Would that please him, or would he prefer to be left alone while he slept? She eventually opted to sit on the chair next to the bed, and watch over her young Master while he slept. She hoped that he would live a long life. It made her incredibly sad that her last Master had died under her watch. The library where he worked had been attacked by an army of invaders. He was taken by surprise, and his throat was cut. She so desperately wanted to save him, but genies were forbidden from using their powers on their Masters without permission, which he could not give, due to an inability to speak from his injuries. She couldn’t even take the pain away from him, so she’d resorted to stroking his skin softly, in a desperate attempt to try and ease his suffering as he died. After he died, she’d watched the soldiers march in, before she’d felt the pull of her lamp, and she’d been locked away inside until her new Master, this “Matt”, had released her.

Lumiosa smiled at having been blessed with such a kind Master, and sat there watching over him as he slept.
Chapter 2 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 2
Chapter 1 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM
Updated: 8/16/2015, 7:55:44 PM

Matt was woken up the next morning by the sound of his alarm clock, telling him it was time for him to get up for school. Matt groaned, and rolled over to look at his clock.

"Master, do you wish for me to end that noise? It would seem to be annoying you." Matt sat up, and saw Lumiosa sat down on the chair
"Uh ... sure," he replied, and the alarm noise immediately cut out.
"Did you sleep well, Master?" She asked him.
"Yeah ... I didn't summon you, did I?"
"You accidentally summoned me in your sleep, Master. I could not return to my lamp without your permission, and I thought it would displease you to be woken up."
"Lumiosa, it's fine. I couldn't get mad at you."
"Thank you Master," Lumiosa smiled.
"Do you want to go back into your lamp?"
"Do you have wishes you would like to make?"
"Yeah, but if you wanna go back into your lamp for a bit, you can."
"I want to grant your wishes, if that is what you desire."
"Alright then..."

Matt got out of bed, and stood in front of his mirror, looking at his body.
"Yeah, this definitely needs fixing," he decided.
"What does, Master?" Lumiosa asked, confused.
"My body! I'm not exactly attractive."
"I think you look beautiful, Master."
"Thanks, but you're meant to think that. To a human I'm really not that good-looking."
"Well would you like me to fix that for you?"

"Yes, I would. Lumiosa, I wish for you to change my body in the following ways: First, I want my excess fat to be replaced with toned muscle. I want all my acne to go. I want my facial hair to stop growing. And I want a bigger cock and balls."
"How much bigger, Master?" Matt indicated about 9-inches with his fingers.
"As you wish, Master," she smiled. "But may I recommend that you sit down for this?"
"Alright then Lumiosa," he said, sitting down on his bed. "Do your stuff."
"Your wish is my command," she said.

She snapped her fingers, and Matt instantly felt his body begin to tingle.
"Oh wow..." He moaned softly, as his body began to change. The tingling lasted about 30 seconds, before it faded away.
"It is done, Master," Lumiosa said. Matt sat up, and his eyes widened as he saw himself in the mirror. The stubble he'd woken up with was gone, and his chest was now very muscular. But it was his groin that was the biggest surprise. When he'd asked for a 9-inch dick, he'd meant 9 inches when hard, but as he looked at now, it was 9 inches soft.

"Woah..." He said.
"Are you pleased, Master?" Lumiosa asked, seeming quite proud of her work.
"Lumiosa ... I meant I wanted my dick to be that long when hard, not soft."
"Master ... have I displeased you?" Lumiosa asked, looking as though she was about to cry. "I'm so sorry Master! Please, punish me as you see fit!"
"Lumiosa, it's fine..." Matt said, going over to give her a hug.
"But Master, I have displeased you! I didn't grant your wish properly!"
"It's fine, I know you meant well. Tell you what..."

Matt picked up his phone, opened Facebook, and went to a photo album that had a lot of girls from his school in. "Go back into your lamp, and pick out an outfit you like from the girls in these photos."
"I'm so sorry Master, but I don't know what a photo is," Lumiosa said, still crying at displeasing her Master.
"It's like ... a painting, but more accurate. Look, you can scroll through the different pictures like this..." Matt showed her how to do it, and she seemed to get the hang of it.
"I will do it at once Master," Lumiosa said, before disappearing back into her lamp.

Matt then tried to get dressed, which took some wiggling to make his new penis fit in his underwear. He had breakfast, and set off walking to school, which wasn't far away. Once he was out of sight, he pulled the lamp out of his bag, and rubbed it. The normal puff of pink smoke floated out of it, which formed into Lumiosa, only this time, she was fully dressed, wearing a pair of sneakers, some jeans, and a white T-shirt with a heart on it. Matt noticed that she didn't appear to have a bra on.

"Does this outfit please you, Master?" She asked him.
"Definitely," Matt replied. "But now we need to do something about my penis."
"Do you wish for me to return it to how it was?"
"No, I want you to return its soft state to how it was, but make it 9-inches erect."
"As you wish, Master." Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Matt felt his dick shrink to a much more comfortable size.
"Thanks Lumiosa, now come on," Matt said, before setting off walking.

"Where are we going, Master?"
"To school. But I want you to blend in, so I've got some wishes. I wish for you to be enrolled in my school as a new student, who's in all my classes." Lumiosa snapped her fingers.
"It is done, Master," she smiled.
"And when we're there, no telling anyone you're a genie, okay?"
"Yes Master."

The two of them continued walking, Lumiosa looking around the neighbourhood with great interest.
"Master, do you own all these buildings?" She eventually asked.
"What? No, of course not. These are people's houses."
"I do not understand. Are you not nobility?"
"Nobility? Why would you think that?"
"Your home is most lavish. I have never served a commoner with such a wonderful home."
"It's pretty standard around here. Where are you even from?"
"From my lamp, Master."
"Well ... where've you been before? Where did your last Master live?"
"I don't know ... It was a big town ... with a big library..."
"Alright, never mind then..."

They got to the school, and walked through the halls together, Lumiosa still fascinated by everything around her. They walked into Matt's first class, maths, where most of the class was already there.
"Hey Matt, who's that?" Asked the class bully, Dan, who was sat with his girlfriend, the Alpha-bitch Cindy.
"Probably some whore he paid to pretend to be his girlfriend," Cindy laughed.
"Actually, she's the new girl," Matt replied, resisting the urge to wish these two to the sun. "I agreed to show her around."
"Well then let me give her some advice," Cindy said, turning to Lumiosa. "Stay away from this dork. Hang out with me and I'll make you cool."
"But I must stay with him, he is my Master," Lumiosa said.
"What the fuck are you talking about?" Dan asked. They didn't get a chance to reply, since at that point, the teacher, Mr Jameson, walked in.

"Alright everyone, settle down," He said. "Now, I've been told we've got a new girl today. Where is she?"
"She's here Mr Johnson!" Matt shouted, pointing to Lumiosa.
"Alright, well why don't you come up to the front and introduce yourself?" Mr Jameson said, sitting down at his desk. Lumiosa looked over to Matt, who nodded his approval, so she went up to the front of the classroom. She was about to speak, before she realised she didn't actually know what to say.

"What's the matter? Just tell us your name," Mr Jameson said to her.
"Oh, I can do that!" Lumiosa smiled. "My name is Lumiosa!"
"Lumiosa ... is that Italian?" Mr Jameson asked.
"I do not understand, what is Italian?" Lumiosa asked, a look of confusion on her face.
"Uh, her mom's Italian!" Matt shouted out.
"Well thank you, Mr Evans, but I'm sure that Lumiosa can speak for herself," Mr Jameson said, annoyed. "Now then, what's your last name?"
"Um..." Lumiosa struggled.

"It's the same as mine!" Matt shouted out again. "We're cousins!"
"Mr Evans, will you please stop shouting out!?" Mr Jameson shouted. "Well then, Lumiosa Evans. Why don't you go and take a seat? There's one available at the back."
"Actually Mr Jameson, could she please sit with me?" Matt asked.
"Oh fine then," Mr Jameson relented. "Cindy, go sit at the back, so that Lumiosa can sit with her cousin."

Cindy got up and gave Matt and Lumiosa evil glares, before she did as she was told. Lumiosa went to sit in the desk next to Matt.
"Did I do good Master?" She asked him.
"Uh ... yeah," he replied. "But pay attention to the teacher."
"Yes Master."

Mr Jameson taught for a bit, before writing a complex problem on the board.
"Lumiosa, why don't you solve this one?" He asked the new girl. Matt wasn't sure about that. Did this genie know how to do algebra? Fortunately, she looked at him again for permission.
"Go up, and I wish you knew the answer," Matt whispered to her.
"Your wish is my command, Master," she whispered back, before she stood up, and solved the problem within seconds. Everyone was amazed.
"That was incredible!" Mr Johnson exclaimed. "You're quite a smart girl!" She simply smiled, and then sat back down.
"Did I do good, Master?" She asked Matt.
"Very good," Matt replied.

Afterwards, Matt met up with Max and Sam, with whom he had PE next.
"You brought her with you!?" Sam asked him.
"Well yeah, why not?" Matt replied. "She's enrolled as a student, but she's not very good at blending in."
"I'm sorry Master, I'll try to do better!" Lumiosa said, about to cry again at displeasing him.
"Lumiosa, it's fine, you're just not really trained to be a teenage girl," Matt assured her. "But don't worry, because for now, you're gonna be a genie. I've got some wishes to make."
"Simply speak and I shall obey," Lumiosa bowed her head briefly.

"You gonna get us laid again?" Max asked.
"Yes, and this time, I'm coming with you," Matt replied. "The 3 of us aren't doing PE next, and neither are the girls. Lumiosa, first of all, I wish that we won't be in trouble for missing PE, and neither will the girls. Next, I wish that all the girls in the changing rooms will become incredibly, indescribably, and insatiably horny. Thirdly, I wish that no-one will walk in on us in the changing rooms. Finally, I want you to give the 3 of us unlimited sexual stamina, permanent erections, and unlimited cum."
"As you wish, Master," Lumiosa said. She snapped her fingers, and the boys instantly felt their cocks go fully hard.
"Well, I think we know that worked," Sam said.
"So then boys, wanna go get laid?"

Matt smiled, and the 3 of them went to the entrance to the girls' changing rooms, with Lumiosa following behind them. As they stood there, they could hear lots of feminine moans coming from inside.
"Well they sound ... ready..." Max gulped.
"Lumiosa, I won't be needing you for a while, go back into your lamp," Matt ordered her.
"At once, Master," Lumiosa said, before turning back into a cloud of pink smoke, which was sucked into the rucksack on Matt's back, where her lamp was.
"Alright then," he said. "Here we go."

The boys opened the door, and were amazed by what they saw. Two dozen girls, all completely naked, having an orgy. They were kissing, licking and stroking any flesh they could get hold of, their bodies completely consumed with lust.
"Uh ... hi," Matt said nervously. Instantly, all the girls turned to face them, before running at them. They practically pounced on the boys, and Matt felt someone pull his bag off his back, before the girls all tried to rip his clothes off. He felt his pants be pulled down, and a mouth consume his cock. His knees weakened, and he fell backwards onto the floor. He laid down, and shut his eyes, as he got a blowjob from a girl, while he felt several more stroke and kiss his skin. He was in the middle of moaning when he felt a set of lips come into contact with his own, and he made-out with this girl.

Matt eventually felt the girl's mouth move away, and he was about to complain, before he felt it be replaced by a vagina. He moaned out his approval between kisses. Eventually Matt came, and thrust deep into this mystery girl. The girl kept going however, which Matt didn't mind, since his wishes meant he could keep going as long as he wanted.

Matt opened his eyes slightly, and looked around the room. He saw Max fucking a girl doggy style. He couldn't see his face, but the noises he was making confirmed he was definitely enjoying it. Sam was getting a blowjob from two girls who were fighting over him. Over on the benches, Matt saw the gorgeous Sophie Swift, who he'd always had a bit of a crush on, and her best friend Alexis, who were both being eaten out by two girls who Matt couldn't recognise, but who had very nice butts. Matt then reached orgasm again, and closed his eyes in pleasure as he shot out his cum into this girl's vagina.

A dozen or so orgasms later, after swapping girls a few times, Matt heard a female voice speak.
"Alright girls, get off him, I want a go." Matt felt all the girls climb off him, and he was very frustrated. He opened his eyes, and saw that the voice had belonged to none other than Sophie.

"Come on," she said, taking his hand to help him up. "Let's go somewhere and fuck." Not about to deny a request from his crush, Matt followed her, staring at her perfectly-formed ass as they walked. They walked into the PE teachers' office, where there was a large table.
"Lay down," Sophie commanded him, and he did as he was told. The table, strangely enough, felt like a comfortable bed, but he wasn't about to question that, as Sophie then climbed on top of him, giving Matt a good look at her perfect, D-cup breasts. She leaned down to kiss him, and she slid her pussy onto his dick. Matt grabbed her ass, and they commenced fucking.

Matt lost count of how many times the two of them came, but it was a lot. Whenever it happened, he was too occupied with the sensations of ejaculating into this perfect girl's perfect vagina, which milked him as she came too. Matt noticed that she always seemed to cum at the same time he did, which seemed off, as he'd never wished for it, but he didn't mind. In fact, he loved it! Eventually, the two of them were too exhausted to continue, so they simply laid on top of one-another, cuddling and kissing, before Matt passed into a deep sleep.

When Matt eventually woke up, he could feel a nice, comfy duvet over his nude form. He opened his eyes, and saw that he was still laid on the table, which still felt like a comfy bed, and there was indeed a duvet over him, which definitely wasn't there when he'd fallen asleep.

He sat up, noting that his dick was still hard, his wish for a permanent erection still holding strong, despite all the orgasms he'd had with Sophie. Actually, come to mention Sophie, she was no-where to be seen. He looked over at the clock on the wall, and saw that it was nearly 5pm.
"Wow ... I fucked and slept the day away..." Matt realised. He got up, and saw that his rucksack and clothes were there in the corner.
"Who put those there?" He wondered. He opened his rucksack, and pulled out Lumiosa's lamp, before rubbing it.

"Yes Master?" The genie asked as she appeared in her usual cloud of pink smoke. She was still dressed in her clothes from earlier. "What do you desire?"
"Where are Sam and Max?" He asked her. She thought for a moment, before replying.
"They are still in the changing rooms having sex, Master," she replied.
"What!?" Matt exclaimed, before he then realised. Two dozen girls with insatiable horniness and two boys with unlimited sexual stamina meant that they'd just been going non-stop. He'd have to put a stop to that.
"Lumiosa, I wish for you to put Sam, Max and the girls in the changing rooms to sleep. When they wake up, they'll be in their own beds at home, with their permanent erections ended," he wished.
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled, before granting the wish.

"Alright then," Matt said, before getting dressed. "Now I wish for you to go back into your lamp, and teleport me home. Make it so my family won't wonder where I've been. Also, end this permanent erection for me."
"Yes Master, is that all?" She asked him.
"No, that's it for now," Matt replied.
"Very well, then your wish is my command." Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Matt was instantly home, holding the bag with the lamp in his hands. Matt walked through his front door, and went up to his room. But he wasn't expecting what he saw when he walked through his bedroom door...
Chapter 3 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 3
Chapter 2 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM
Updated: 8/16/2015, 7:55:45 PM

"Hi Matt," Sophie smiled. She was naked, and sat on his bed with the equally naked Alexis.
"Sophie!" Matt gasped. "How ... how the fuck did you get in here?"
"Why, I just wished myself in of course," Sophie smiled.
"Wished?" Matt asked, confused.
"Alexis, I think he needs some proof," she said to her friend. "So I wish Matt was totally naked."
"Your wish is my command, Mistress," Alexis grinned. She snapped her fingers, and Matt's clothes instantly vanished, aside from his rucksack. Both girls giggled.

"Come on then, get her out," Sophie said to him.
"Get who out?" Matt asked.
"Your genie," Sophie replied. "Don't play dumb, I know you've got one."
"How?"
"Well for starters, there's how I heard there was a new girl in your class who was spending time with you," Sophie told him. "And then there's how, as I was getting changed for PE today, all the other girls got ultra horny, before you and your friends walked in to take advantage of it. Then after we'd done fucking, and I brought your stuff to you, and put that duvet over you, I looked in your bag and found the lamp. So let's see her."
"Fine then..." Matt relented.

He took his bag off his shoulders, and pulled out the lamp. He rubbed it, and Lumiosa appeared in a puff of smoke.
"What do you wish for, Master?" She asked him.
"Lumiosa?" Alexis asked. The two genies looked at each-other, and smiled.
"Alexis!" Lumiosa exclaimed gleefully, and ran to give her friend a hug.
"I've not seen you in millennia!" Alexis said. "Where've you been?"
"I do not know," Lumiosa said. "I don't know what happened between my last Master dying and Master Matt releasing me."
"Well I'll make sure when your Master dies, you won't be forgotten about for another few thousand years."
"It is a little weird she's got clothes on though," Sophie said. "I wish she was naked."
"Yes Mistress," Alexis said, making Lumiosa's clothes disappear.

"Hey, she's my genie, not yours!" Matt protested. "And anyway, I thought you couldn't use wishes on other people with genies?"
"Well technically, Matt," Alexis explained. "I was using my powers on your clothes, not you, so it was allowed. I still couldn't use my powers on you, just like you couldn't use Lumiosa's on Mistress Sophie and I earlier."
"We just pretended that you'd made us super-horny," Sophie told him. "We wanted to root you out, and anyway, it was fun. I enjoyed fucking you."
"Yeah ... I liked fucking you..." Matt blushed.
"You need to be more careful though," Sophie said. "For starters, if you're going to go around fucking every girl you meet, you'll need to make it so you can't get anyone pregnant. I had Alexis check all the girls when you were done, and until I wished it away for you, you'd knocked Megan Proctor up."
"Damn ... alright, I'd better do that," Matt agreed. "Lumiosa, I wish that no girl I have sex with will get pregnant."
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said, granting the wish.

"Good boy," Sophie smiled. "Stopping myself getting pregnant was one of the first things I got Alexis to do to me after I got her."
"When did you get her?" Matt asked.
"When I was 15, so like 3 years ago," she replied. "Remember that Spring Break where I went away pre-pubescent and came back with a body to die for?" Matt nodded.
"Yeah, I remember," Matt said, thinking back to all the times he'd masturbated to thoughts of her perfect body. "Come to mention it, that's also about when Alexis joined the school, right?"
"Yeah, that's the power of wishing," Sophie explained.

"It's actually a weird story of how I got Alexis. I was walking home one day, when I passed a big mansion. Suddenly, I felt as though I absolutely HAD to go inside. I walked in, and upstairs to the bedroom. On the bed I saw two naked people. One of them was a gorgeous, naked girl, Alexis, and the other was a guy who didn't look any older than his early 20s, but he looked weak.
"Hello Sophie," the man said to me.
"Uh ... how do you know my name?" I asked him, quite nervous.
"Oh, I have my ways," the man said. "Come and sit with me." I obeyed, unable to resist this man's commands. "I'm not going to hurt you, in fact, I'm going to give you the greatest gift I can. You see Sophie, Alexis here is a genie, my genie. But I'm dying, so I can't keep her. That's why I'm passing her on to you. And so Alexis, I wish to die."
"Yes Master, and can I say what an honour it has been to serve you," Alexis replied. She snapped her fingers, and the man dropped dead, and Alexis vanished into her lamp. No prizes for guessing what I did next."

"Wow, that's pretty cool," Matt said. "My story's less interesting. Lumiosa's lamp just arrived in a mysterious parcel yesterday. It wasn't even addressed to anyone."
"That's pretty weird," Alexis said. "I wonder if they knew what it was they were giving away?"
"I doubt it," Matt said. "With the fun I've had with her powers, I don't plan on getting rid of Lumiosa any time soon."
"If you have as much fun as Sophie and I, I'm not surprised," Alexis smiled, before looking at her Mistress.
"You are permitted to call your Mistress by her name?" Lumiosa asked her fellow genie, surprised at this fact.
"Of course," Alexis replied. "The bit about us being BFFs wasn't a lie."
"My family just think she's my best friend who lives with us, thanks to a well-granted wish," Sophie explained.

"Anyway Matt, I'm curious," Sophie said. "Aside from starting an orgy in the girls' locker room, what else have you done with Lumiosa's powers?"
"Not much really," Matt admitted. "She gave me a blowjob, I got Lucy and Laura Simmons to fuck Max and Sam, and then I fucked her."
"Typical guy, but then, that's basically how I used Alexis' powers at first," Sophie said seductively, before crawling over to Matt. "Something I wished for was to be the world's greatest blowjob master. Wanna see?"
"Uh ... okay..." Matt nodded, and Sophie engulfed his penis with her mouth. "Oh wow ... that's good..." Sophie moaned into Matt's cock, as she sucked him.

Matt looked over at the genies, and saw that Alexis was masturbating, with Lumiosa looking on with a mixture of confusion and jealousy.
"Oh God..." Matt moaned. "Lumiosa, masturbate too."
"As you wish, Master," Lumiosa nodded. She reached down to her vagina, and started rubbing it.
"Oh honestly Lumiosa, you've never been one for this sort of thing, have you?" Alexis said, before rubbing her fellow genie's vagina.
"Alexis..." Lumiosa moaned. "Master, are you sure this is alright?"
"Oh yes..." Matt moaned, partly in response to Lumiosa, and partly in response to the amazing blowjob Sophie was giving him. "Just do whatever Alexis tells you..."
"Yes Master..." Lumiosa moaned as Alexis fingered her.

"Well then Lumiosa, looks like Matt's given us permission to have some fun," Alexis grinned. She then stopped fingering Lumiosa, and moved her head down to her groin. "And I intend to have lots of fun. Let me show you why Sophie likes me so much." Alexis stuck her tongue out, and licked Lumiosa's entrance, causing the other genie to moan.
"Alexis ... that feels..."
"I've wanted to do this to you for so long..." Alexis then split her tongue in two, and extended it, so that she could properly tongue-fuck her, sliding it deep into her vagina.
"Oh wow, that's so hot..." Matt moaned, running his hands through Sophie's hair. "And you're so hot ... God, I love this..."

Matt couldn't hold out much longer, and before long, he was firing his cum down Sophie's throat. Sophie licked his length sensually, gobbling up all his cum. She pulled off his dick, and kissed the tip, before looking at his face.
"That was yummy," She smiled, before she grabbed his penis and stroked it. "And looks like your little guy's still hard. Lemme guess, you wished for unlimited sexual stamina?" Matt nodded. "Good, because that way, we can 69."
"69?" Matt asked, still laid down on the bed. "You mean, like, we eat each-other out?"
"Yeah, I'm guessing you've never done it before," Sophie said. She climbed on top of Matt, putting her groin near his head, and her head near his groin. "In fact, have you ever eaten a girl out before?"
"No," Matt replied, a little nervous at having a vagina so close to his face.
"Well in that case, wish yourself good at it," Sophie ordered him. "It's only fair."

"Alright then," Matt agreed. "Lumiosa, I wish to be the world's greatest pussy eater."
"Y-Your wish is my ... c-commmand..." Lumiosa moaned, before she cried out in orgasm, from the feeling of Alexis devouring her pussy. When she came down from her orgasm, she fell back in post-orgasmic bliss, and snapped her fingers to grant Matt's wish. Matt, in response, used the knowledge he felt flooding into his mind to get to work on pleasuring Sophie.
"Oh yeah!" Sophie cried out. "That's the stuff!" She then put Matt's dick back into her mouth, and got to work on sucking on it. Matt had a moment of stopping licking Sophie, before he got back to work, when he summoned the strength to both pleasure and be pleasured at the same time.

Meanwhile, Alexis was laid on her back, with Lumiosa eating her out.
"Lumiosa..." she moaned. "That's real nice..." Orgasms came hard and strong. Matt and Sophie both came before long, but they kept on going, both having unlimited sexual stamina from their wishes. Alexis and Lumiosa meanwhile kissed and cuddled, watching their Masters pleasure one-another.

"Hey bro, dinner's ready!" Said Becky, as she knocked on the door.
"Fuck ... Uh, okay sis, I'll be right there!" Matt shouted.
"Looks like the fun's over," Alexis said, slightly sad. Sophie climbed off of Matt, and gave him a kiss.
"Well, it doesn't have to be over yet," Matt said. "You girls wanna stay for dinner?"
"With your family? No thanks," Sophie replied.
"No, up here with me," Matt said. "Lumiosa, I wish for you to teleport my dinner up here, along with portions for yourself, Sophie and Alexis. And I wish that my family won't mind that I'm eating in my room."
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said, and instantly, there were 4 plates of Spaghetti Bolognese.

"A table, some chairs and some cutlery would be nice," Sophie said. "How about it, Alexis?"
"You got it," Alexis winked, and the food was instantly on a round table, surrounded by four chairs. They all sat down around it.
"What is this food?" Lumiosa asked.
"Wow, you've really been gone a long time," Alexis said. "It's Spaghetti Bolognese. You eat it like this." Alexis started spooling the pasta on her fork, and eating it.
"I see..." Lumiosa said, watching her fellow genie eat. She started imitating her method of eating. "Like this?"
"Mostly," Sophie smiled, before she also started eating.

"So Alexis, I assume you've had more Masters than Lumiosa?" Matt asked her.
"Well from the sounds of things, Lumiosa's been trapped in her lamp for at least two millennia, so I'm gonna go for yes," Alexis replied through her eating. "I've never gone more than a couple of decades without a Master, so I've probably had way more than her. It's why I'm much more socially adept than Lumiosa. I mean, you've known me like 3 years at school, and at any point did you suspect I wasn't human?"
"Not once," Matt replied.
"Exactly, yet from what I hear, Lumiosa didn't exactly give off the vibe of a "normal teenage girl" in class today. She doesn't know what the modern world's like, and even if she did, she's too stuck on "obedient slave girl" to act like a normal person."
"I try my best..." Lumiosa frowned. "I want to make my Master happy."
"So do I, but you need to think for yourself sometimes," Alexis told her. "Life's much more fun that way. One of my Master's about 15,000 years ago taught me that, and I've been so much happier since then."

"Wait, 15,000 years!?" Matt exclaimed. "Just how old are you!?"
"Naughty boy, asking a girl her age," Alexis giggled. "But if you must know, genies have been around since the dawn of the human race, granting the wishes of those lucky enough to obtain our lamps. I don't know where we come from. My earliest memory is of waking up in my lamp, knowing only my name, and my job. Not long later, my first Master summoned me, and my life as a genie began."

"That's so interesting, but so sad," Matt said. "Don't you ever want to find out where you came from?"
"Not really, I've just accepted my life," Alexis replied. "I've had the pleasure of plenty of good Masters in my time, and seen many wonderful places and things."
"It sounds like a wonderful life, but I'm fine how I am," Sophie said, finishing her food.
"I am also satisfied with my life," Lumiosa smiled. "I enjoy serving my Masters."
"One of these days Lumiosa, I'm gonna teach you how to be a proper person," Alexis said to her. "One who can think for herself."
"I'd like that Alexis," Matt said.
"Have I displeased you, Master?" Lumiosa asked Matt, tears starting to form.
"Oh grow up Lumiosa, it's not the end of the world if you do something wrong!" Alexis shouted. "You just put it right!"

"Anyway you guys, sorry to change the subject, but I feel like a sleepover," Sophie said, standing up. "Matt, wanna sleep at my place tonight?"
"Me ... uh..." Matt stuttered.
"What's the matter, nervous about sleeping with a girl?" Sophie teased.
"Well, I've never done it before, okay!" Matt shouted.
"It'll be fun, I promise," Sophie smiled, before turning to the genies. "You two, teleport us to my bedroom, and then go into your lamps for a bit. And I wish Matt's family won't notice he's gone."
"Master, do you wish for this?" Lumiosa asked, and Matt nodded.
"Then your wish is my command," she smiled, snapping her fingers.
"Mine too," Alexis said. She snapped her fingers too, and the two of them were instantly stood in Sophie's bedroom.

"Wow, there's a lot of pink in here," Matt observed.
"I like pink," Sophie said, laying down on the bed. "Now come and cuddle me." Matt got on the bed, and Sophie wrapped her arms around him. "So you've never had a girlfriend before?"
"No, never. Until yesterday, I was a virgin. I'd never even kissed anyone before."
"Well, you wanna be boyfriend and girlfriend then?" Sophie asked, kissing him. "Don't worry, we can still fuck other people. I do it all the time. It's just nice having someone else who's got a genie. Someone I can talk to about it. I've never actually told anyone about what Alexis is. Not even my friends."
"My friends know, but that's mostly because they caught me getting a blowjob from her. I didn't get much choice."
"I figure the more people who know, the more people you get asking you for favours, and the more you get questioning you."
"I've been questioning myself a lot. Is it really right for us to use these powers?"

"I had this discussion with Alexis not long after I used her powers to lose my virginity. She assured me she'd support me in anything I did, and that she trusted me to not be evil. And I trust you, Matt, to not be evil either." Sophie kissed him again. "So what do you say? Wanna be my boyfriend?"
"I guess I'd like that," Matt smiled.
"Good," Sophie smiled back, before laying down on her back, her legs spread. "So then, I think it's your turn to be on top?"
"Sex?" Matt asked.
"Duh. Still nervous about getting laid? We need to get that out of you. Just climb on and climb in." Matt nodded, and climbed on top of Sophie. They kissed, and Matt slid into Sophie's vagina.
"Oooh yeah..." Sophie moaned, before wrapped her legs around Matt. Matt started thrusting, and the new couple fucked the night away.
Chapter 4 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 4
Chapter 3 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 4
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM
Updated: 8/17/2015, 6:11:49 AM

Matt woke up the next morning to the feeling of soft, warm flesh on top of him, two mounds pressing into his chest. His cock was rubbing against something wet, and he could hear soft breathing. He opened his eyes, and saw that Sophie was laid on top of him, sleeping peacefully, her big, pink duvet covering them both. Matt looked over at her clock, and saw that it was just after 7am. He figured it must be about time for them to get up for school, but truth be told, he didn't actually know how far away from school Sophie lived.

Matt started trying to move out from under her, but this just caused the beautiful girl to stir. She opened her eyes, looked at him, and smiled.
"Morning," she said, before giving him a peck on the lips. "So how was your first time sleeping with a girl?"
"Good," Matt replied, laying his hands on her bottom. "Cuddling up to you is really nice."
"You're not a bad cuddle buddy yourself," Sophie smiled, before giving him another kiss. "I could do this all day, but we should get to school."
"Do we have to? I mean, we've got genies. We could just stay here and have fun, and no-one could stop us."
"We could do that, and I've done it many times," Sophie said, climbing off of Matt. "But there's plenty of fun to have at school. We've got decades of fun with Lumiosa and Alexis, remember, so there's plenty of time to play hooky and fuck all day long."
"I guess," Matt sighed. "And I guess you've got more experience than me. Your body's probably not as desperate for sex as I am."
"Oh trust me, I'm still up for plenty of sex. And I certainly had plenty of it when I first got Alexis. Like the first month or so of me having her was just non-stop sex."
"That sounds fun."
"Oh it was. Very fun." Sophie smiled, before walking over to her drawers. She bent over, so as to give Matt a good view of her butt. "But we need to get ready for school. Summon Lumiosa to dress you."

Matt nodded, and got up to get Lumiosa's lamp, but to his surprise, he couldn't find it.
"Uh, Sophie..." He said. "Lumiosa's lamp's not here. And neither is Alexis'."
"What!?" Sophie exclaimed in a panic, and began looking around for them. "Oh fuck. You know, for how high and mighty Alexis likes to act, she can be a bit stupid sometimes."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, when they teleported us here, it apparently didn't occur to either of them that it might be a good idea to send their lamps with us. Which means they're back at your place still."
"So what'll we do?"
"This."

Sophie picked her phone up, and handed it to Matt. "Dial your house."
"Why?" He asked, confused.
"Just do it." Matt dialled, and handed it back to Sophie.
"Go upstairs to Matt's bedroom, and get the two lamps that are on the floor, making sure not to touch either of them with your bare hands," Sophie ordered to the person on the other end of the phone. "You will then bring them to 32 Wayford Way."

Sophie hung up the phone, and put it down.
"What did you just do!?" Matt asked her, concerned.
"Well I just ordered the person the other end of the phone, who from the sounds of things was your mother, to bring our lamps over here," Sophie explained.
"But how-"
"A long time ago I wished for everyone to do everything I said. Your mom just couldn't help but obey me without question."
"That's ... cool, I guess," Matt said.
"Matt, as time goes on, you'll get much better at making the most of your wishes. Since I got Alexis, I've pretty much never been sad. That's what having near-infinite power at your disposal does."
"You're really used to this genie thing, aren't you?"
"Of course. I've had Alexis for 3 years now. You'll be like this before long, don't worry." Sophie then kissed Matt passionately. "So I reckon we've got at least 15 minutes before your mom arrives with the lamps. Wanna fuck until then?"
"Sophie, I'm a teenage boy who 2 days ago lost his virginity, and yesterday organised an orgy with two dozen horny girls," Matt replied. "Of course I wanna fuck."

Sophie grinned, and practically pounced on Matt, ramming his cock into her. Matt grabbed her ass, and squeezed it as she rode him.
"Oh yeah, that's how you do it Matt!" Sophie moaned. She stroked his chest, and leaned down to kiss him.
"Oh God, I'm so glad I got a genie!" Matt moaned. "This is great!"
"You're telling me!" Sophie cried out. Matt wiggled his hips to try and match Sophie's own movements, but the incredible pleasure he was feeling all over his body made it difficult to muster the strength.

Matt blew his load pretty quickly, and he felt Sophie's pussy begin to contract around his dick as he shot cum into her. She collapsed on top of him, and they made-out passionately as they rode out their orgasms together. When it was all over, they laid there cuddling for a while, stroking each-other's skin.
"It may interest you to know," Sophie whispered in Matt's ear. "That I wished for my sexual partners and I to always orgasm at the same time. Hence why we've been perfectly in sync."
"Well I'm certainly not complaining." Matt kissed Sophie's neck, causing her to giggle.

Just then, Sophie's bedroom door opened, and in walked Matt's mother, carrying the two lamps in her hands.
"Mom!" Matt exclaimed. "I ... I can explain!"
"I have brought the lamps you requested, Mistress," she said in a monotonous, trance-like state.
"Oh good, and you even wore gloves to stop the burning," Sophie smiled, before grabbing Alexis' lamp from her. "Good slave. Matt, get yours."
"Uh..." Matt said, a little freaked out about being naked with his mother in the room.
"Matt, she won't remember any of this, I promise," Sophie said, kissing him, and rubbing the lamp, releasing Alexis.

"Alright, if you're sure," Matt said, still unconvinced. He took Lumiosa's lamp from his mother's hand, and the instant he did, she snapped out of her trance.
"W ... what's going on?" She asked. "Where am I? Matt? What's happening? Why are you naked? Who are these girls?"
"Hi Mrs Evans, I'm Sophie, Matt's new girlfriend, and this is Alexis, my genie," Sophie said cheerfully.
"What are you talking about?" Mrs Evans asked.
"That's not really important, since you're not going to remember any of this," Sophie grinned. "Alexis, do your stuff."
"Your wish is my command, Mistress," Alexis smiled. She snapped her fingers, and Mrs Evans instantly vanished.
"What did you do to her!?" Matt shouted.
"Oh relax Matt," Alexis said. "Sophie just had me send your mother home with no memories of this. She's fine."
"Do you do this a lot?" Matt asked.
"Well, I order people around all the time, but it's not often I bother wiping their memories, since they generally don't have anything worth forgetting," Sophie replied. "Anyway, Alexis, I wish we were both dressed. Matt, summon Lumiosa and wish yourself dressed."

Alexis and Sophie were instantly dressed in tight tops and jeans, which Matt observed didn't seem to involve underwear of any sort. He then rubbed his own lamp, releasing Lumiosa.
"What do you desire of me, Master?" She asked him, appearing naked, and on her knees.
"Hey look, it's little miss "I can't think for myself"," Alexis joked. Lumiosa shot her an annoyed look, before turning back and smiling at Matt.
"I wish to be clothed," Matt said.
"As you wish, Master." Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Matt was instantly wearing a pair of swimming trunks, and a thin vest. Sophie and Alexis giggled
"Uh Lumiosa, this isn't quite what I had in mind..." Matt told her.
"I'm sorry Master, are you displeased with how I have granted your wish?" Lumiosa began crying. "I merely chose some clothes from your drawers, like I did yesterday!"

"Has this girl always been such a crier?" Sophie asked her genie.
"As long as I've known her," Alexis replied. "It's almost sad how upset she gets at messing up a wish. Hey Lumiosa, something like this!" Alexis snapped her fingers, causing a set of Matt's jeans, as well as one of his T-shirts, to appear floating in mid-air, before laying down on the bed.
"Is this right, Master?" Lumiosa asked, through her tears. Matt nodded, and Lumiosa snapped her fingers again, swapping the incorrect clothes with the correct ones. Lumiosa then got back to crying and bowing. "Master, I beg your forgiveness, and await whatever punishment you find me worthy of!"
"Lumiosa, I've told you already, I'm not going to punish you," Matt said, giving her a hug. "You try, and that's all I ask."
"Thank you Master..." Lumiosa said, stopping crying.

"Aaaanyway," Alexis said, standing up. "It's about time we headed off to school. Sophie, want me to teleport us there, or shall we take the Ferrari?"
"Teleport," Sophie replied. "And dress Lumiosa in some of my clothes." Alexis snapped her fingers, dressing her fellow genie in jeans and a T-shirt.
"Hey, you know that bit about Lumiosa being my genie, not yours?" Matt said. "I meant it, you know."
"Oh relax, I just thought it might be a good idea for her to wear clothes at school," Sophie said. "So you coming then?"
"What about breakfast?" Matt asked.
"I wished away my need for food years ago," Sophie replied. "I only do it for fun now."
"That sounds like a good idea actually," Matt agreed. "Lumiosa, I wish for you to remove my need for food."
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said, and Matt's hunger instantly went away.
"Alright then, teleport us to school," Matt commanded.

The two genies snapped their fingers, and the 4 of them were instantly stood outside the school gates. Sophie took Matt's hand in hers.
"What are you doing?" He asked her.
"Well we're boyfriend and girlfriend now, so we should start acting like it," Sophie smiled. "Come on, there's learning to be learned and fun to be had."

Matt and Sophie walked into school hand-in-hand, with Lumiosa and Alexis following behind them.
"Hey man, why are you with Sophie?" Sam asked as he and Max walked up to the group.
"Did you wish her to fall in love with you or something?" Max asked. Sophie merely kissed her boyfriend, before looking at his friends, and speaking a one-word command.
"Orgasm." The instantly she said it, the two boys went rigid, as did their cocks. They felt to the floor, their knees giving way as their groins were suddenly struck by an almighty rush of pleasure.
"Holy fuck!" Max cried out.
"Oh my God!" Shouted Sam. Both boys started humping the air, as their cocks spurted out cum, creating large wet patches on their groins. The boys were drawing quite a crowd, with people taking pictures and videos on their phones. Matt looked on in shock, while Sophie just had a proud grin on her face.
"And ... stop orgasming!" She ordered the boys, their cocks instantly obeying. She then turned to face the crowd. "All of you will forget what you have just seen, and delete any photos or videos you have taken."

The crowd got a glazed look about themselves, and then dispersed, to go about their normal business. Sophie reached down to help Max and Sam up.
"What ... how... ?" Sam asked.
"Alexis is Sophie's genie," Matt told his friends.
"Well there goes my plan to have you make her have sex with me," Max said.
"Play your cards right, and you might just get your wish," Sophie winked. "But for now, Matt and I are a couple." She kissed her boyfriend.

The bell went, and Sophie and Matt walked off towards their English class.
"Hey you two, how about a little clean-up?" Sam shouted after them.
"Alexis, I wish for you to clean up their cum please," Sophie said to her genie.
"Your wish is my command, Sophie," Alexis said, and the boys' groins were instantly dry.

When they got to their English class, they all sat down in their usual seats, with Matt, Sam and Max on the front row, with Sophie, Alexis and Lumiosa sat behind them. The teacher set them some work, and the class got on with it. While they were working, Sophie leaned forward to talk to Max and Sam.
"Hey guys, wanna really see what a genie's capable of?" She said to them seductively.
"Sophie, what are you gonna-" Matt began.
"Alexis, I wish that Max and Sam would feel as though they were getting incredible blowjobs," Sophie interrupted him. Alexis merely smirked, and snapped her fingers. Instantly, Sam and Max moaned out, as they felt warm, wet, sensual mouths engulf their dicks, which began to grow hard again.

"Oh my God..." Sam moaned.
"It might be a good idea to keep quiet boys," Alexis giggled. "Though it won't be easy."
"You're evil, you know that?" Matt said to his girlfriend.
"Yeah, but you love it," Sophie said, kissing him. "And your friends seem to love it too."
"You two!" Snapped the teacher, Mrs Jenkins. "If you could keep your hands off each-other during class, then I would very much appreciate it."
"But you don't mind it," Sophie commanded her. "We're allowed to do what we want."
"Yes ... I suppose you are," Mrs Jenkins agreed, unable to resist Sophie's magical voice. "As you were."

"You're really comfortable with magic, aren't you?" Matt asked.
"When you've had a genie for 3 years, you just accept it as a part of life," Sophie shrugged, before turning to Sam and Max. "So you guys enjoying my little gift?" The boys both nodded.
"Oh God ... I'm gonna cum..." Max moaned, but Sophie just shook her head.
"Not yet you're not," she said. "Alexis, I wish that Sam and Max will be unable to orgasm."
"Ooo, I like the way you think, Sophie," Alexis smirked, granting the wish.
"We don't!" Both boys moaned.
"Oh don't complain," Sophie said. "Be good, and I'll let you cum later."

The bell went to signal the end of the lesson, and everyone started packing their things away, aside from Sam and Max, who were too engrossed in their blowjobs, which they could never cum from.
"Come on guys, you can't just sit there all day," Alexis teased them.
"Sophie, can you please let them cum?" Matt asked her.
"Have mercy!" Max begged.
"I'll let you cum later," Sophie said. "For now, just enjoy the blowjobs. Anyway, Alexis and I have PE to get to. I trust my classmates won't start ripping their clothes off again like yesterday?"
"Well maybe they will," Matt said. "You're not the only one that can be mischievous."
"Oh come on, look at them! They're enjoying it." Sophie kissed him. "Come on Alexis, let's go."

The two girls left, leaving Matt with his genie and pleasured friends.
"Can you two walk?" Matt asked his friends.
"I ... I'm not sure..." Sam moaned.
"Lumiosa, I wish they could walk."
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled, and Max and Sam felt the strength returning to their legs. They both stood up, boners obvious in their pants.
"Can't you just wish this to end?" Sam asked.
"Sorry, I can't override one of Sophie's wishes," Matt replied. "We'll just have to hope she lets you cum eventually."

The boys and Lumiosa went to their next class, which involved a lot of trying to hide their pleasure. Max got asked to come up to answer a question on the board at one point, but Matt wished that request away for him, so he didn't have to embarrass himself TOO much. When they walked out of class, to go for lunch, they saw Sophie and Alexis being chatted-up by Jake and Mark, two members of the school's football team.
"Come on babes, you know you want us," Jake said.
"Soph', why you hangin' out with that loser Matt?" Mark asked. "You know I'm the one you want." The two boys moved in to kiss the girls, who simply punched them both in the balls.
"Move out of our way," Sophie commanded, and the boys immediately did as they were told.

The girls tried to walk off, but the boys grabbed them.
"Hey you two, you still owe us kisses!" Mark shouted.
"I was going to be nice to you, but it seems like I need to teach you guys a lesson," Sophie said to them in a stern voice. "So until you both apologise, I wish that your dicks will be 1-inch wonders, never get hard, and never cum." The girls then turned to walk away again. The boys were about to follow, before they felt their groins begin to tingle.
"What the fuck!?" Mark cried out, and they both ran away to check what was happening to them.

"Well those guys were dicks," Sophie said as she walked up to Matt and his friends.
"Very small dicks, as it now happens," Alexis laughed.
"Wow, you really are just like a normal girl, Alexis," Matt said to the genie. "I wish Lumiosa was more like you." He then realised what he'd said.
"Wait, Lumiosa!" He said in a panic.
"Tell you what, how about I give her some lessons tonight while you two are busy?" Alexis suggested.
"Busy with what?" Matt asked.
"Well, as if by magic," Sophie smirked. "My friends and I are excused from school tomorrow. We're gonna have a sleepover at mine tonight, and you're invited too, if you feel like spending the night with a bunch of hot, naked girls."
"Naked?"
"Yeah, it's a no-clothes sleepover. So you in?"
"You bet I am," Matt smiled at the thought.

"If I can just interrupt," Sam moaned. "Sophie, how about sorting us out?"
"Say the magic word, and I'll say mine," Sophie teased them.
"Pleeeaaaase!" They both begged.
"You wish is my command," Sophie smirked. "Do it, Alexis. And I wish no-one else would notice." The genie snapped her fingers, and Max and Sam cried out in orgasm, firing their cum out into their pants. Just as they had earlier, they collapsed back onto the floor, humping the air as they came. When it was over, they felt the mouths finally pull off of their dicks, and they sighed with relief.
"Honestly, you'd think a guy would be grateful at getting a 2-hour blowjob," Alexis said.
"So anyway Matt," Sophie said. "The slumber party's not until tonight, but you wanna go back to my place now and get ready?"
"That sounds good," Matt replied. "Lumiosa, take the two of us back to Sophie's place, minus our clothes please."
"As you wish, Master," Lumiosa obliged. She snapped her fingers, as did Alexis, and the 4 of them vanished, leaving Max and Sam behind.

They popped up in Sophie's living room, all totally naked.
"Will you two be requiring us tonight, or shall I take Lumiosa for her education?" Alexis asked.
"Just one thing," Sophie replied. "I wish that my friends will have the same sexual performance enhancements you gave me."
"Your wish is my command," Alexis said as she granted it. "Is that all?"
"Yeah, you're free to go wherever you want for tonight, but keep your lamps here so we can call you if we want to," Sophie replied.
"Lumiosa, for tonight, I want you to do whatever Alexis says," Matt commanded her.
"It shall be done, Master," Lumiosa bowed.
"Don't worry Matt, I'll get to work on her," Alexis said. "Come on Lumiosa."

Alexis vanished, and Lumiosa soon followed. Sophie then gave Matt a big kiss.
"So who's coming tonight?" Matt asked her.
"Megan, Sally and Kelly," Sophie replied. "Lots of boobies for you to enjoy."
"I like yours the best," Matt grinned, grabbing Sophie's boobs.
"Oh yeah? Well I like your dick." Sophie grabbed Matt's hardening dick, and squeezed it. They both laid down on the sofa, and made-out.

"Sophie, can I ask you a question? Have you ever used Alexis' powers on me before?" Sophie smiled at this.
"I was wondering when you'd ask that," she said. "Well ... remember that week a year or two ago when you couldn't think of any girl sexually except me?"
"Yeah..."
"That was me. I wished that I'd dominate every guy's thoughts. That you all wouldn't be able to resist masturbating to thoughts of me."
"I remember that. That was a hard week."
"Oh I bet it was..." Sophie gave his dick another squeeze, and gave him another kiss. "There's also the time I made the boys' and girls' PE classes merge and fuck all lesson. I think you were in that class. Of course, I wiped everyone's memories of it."
"You mean to tell me I lost my virginity years ago and I don't even remember it?"
"Yeah, that's what I'm saying."
"I'm going to repeat what I said earlier: You're evil, you know that?"
"And I'm going to repeat what I said earlier: Yeah, but you love it."

The two of them laughed, and kissed. They moved into a spooning position, Matt rubbing his cock against Sophie's ass, and stroking her stomach with his hands.
"Sophie, have you ever wanted to go out and find other Masters?" Matt asked her.
"A little," she replied. "But now I've got you, so I don't have to. Plus Alexis told me she can't use her powers to find other genies, so we'd have to track them down ourselves."

Sophie then grabbed Matt's dick, and positioned it by her pussy.
"What are you doing?" He asked her.
"Well as much as I like your dick rubbing against my ass, I'd much rather it be inside me," Sophie replied.
"Then your wish is my command," Matt grinned, before sliding inside her.

Alexis and Lumiosa popped up in the local park, still totally naked. As it happened, they were stood on a picnic basket, where a couple was making out. They screamed as the two genies appeared out of thin air.
"Oh relax, you two act like you've never seen two naked genies before," Alexis said. She snapped her fingers, and the two genies were instantly dressed in their clothes from earlier. "Come on Lumiosa, let's go for a walk around."
"Is this a park?" Lumiosa asked as they walked.
"Yeah, they're still common nowadays, but life's very different generally. Like, have you seen those metal things riding around?"
"What are they?"
"They're called cars. People use them as transport."

"Fascinating. This place is truly different to anywhere I have ever been. Where are we?"
"America. You won't have heard of it because it hadn't been discovered when last we saw each-other. I'm glad we ran into each-other though. I've not seen another genie in like 3 centuries. It's nice to be able to talk to someone like me, even if I've had the pleasure of lots of kind Masters. It's why I want you to be more like me. So you can enjoy life like I do, instead of being so focused on pleasing your Master."
"But we are genies! It is our duty to please our Masters!"
"Yeah, and I like it when Sophie's happy, but I don't spend every day thinking about how to please her. I grant her wishes when she makes them, but aside from that, she lets me be a normal girl. Well, a normal girl with magical powers. Watch."

There were two teenage boys walking past at that time. Alexis waved her hand, and the two boys were instantly naked.
"I can't believe Miss Sophie lets you use your powers without her like that," Lumiosa said.
"It's fun, and I'm gonna show you how to have fun," Alexis said.

Back at Sophie's house, several hours had passed, and the two teens had lost count of how many orgasms they'd had. Sophie was on all fours, with Matt fucking her from behind, squeezing her ass hard. Matt moaned as he squirted more cum into Sophie's pussy, which sent her into her own orgasm. Matt noticed the clock, which said it was now nearly 6, and he pulled out of Sophie. The two teens kissed and cuddled on the sofa.
"Well that was fun," Sophie panted as they cuddled.
"Yeah," Matt agreed. "But your friends are gonna be here soon."

Megan, Sally and Kelly arrived before long, and they headed upstairs to the bedroom, the girls all stripping off. Sophie and Matt cuddled on the bed, while the others lounged around the room.
"So you two are a couple, eh?" Sally asked them.
"Yeah, we're in love," Sophie replied, kissing Matt.
"I can see why," Megan said, pointing at Matt's erection, which embarrassed him.
"I'd love to have that thing inside me," Kelly grinned.
"Well of course you would," Megan said. "You, unlike the rest of us, are a virgin. You've never had the pleasure of having a dick inside you."
"Well you know, I'd be happy to correct that if you'd like," Matt joked.

"Naughty boy, you're taken!" Sally laughed.
"I don't mind if Kelly wants to fuck him," Sophie said.
"Wait ... seriously?" Kelly asked.
"Of course," Sophie smiled. "I don't mind sharing Matt. In fact, can I let you girls in on a secret?"
"What secret?" Megan asked.
"I can make you do whatever I want," Sophie replied.
"Bullshit," Sally said. "How?"
"Magic," Sophie replied. "Just to show you, Megan, Sally, kiss each-other." Right away, Megan and Sally stood up, wrapped their arms around each-other, and kissed each-other passionately.

"Holy fuck..." Kelly gasped. Megan and Sally broke their kiss, and their trance instantly ended.
"Oh my God..." They both said.
"I don't know what came over me..." Sally said.
"I just felt like I HAD to kiss you..." Megan blushed.
"That's because you did, because I ordered you to," Sophie told them.
"Okay, how did you do that?" Kelly asked Sophie.
"I told you, magic. Beyond that, it's a secret. But Kelly, I think it's time you lost your virginity, so come and lay down on the bed and spread your legs." The instant Sophie spoke her command, Kelly got up, and laid down as she was instructed.
"Nervous?" Sophie asked her.
"A little," Kelly replied.
"Don't be, just lay back, and let Matt do his stuff."

Matt climbed on top of Kelly, and kissed her.
"You sure you're okay with this, Sophie?" Matt asked his girlfriend.
"Matt, it's fine," Sophie nodded. "I told you, we may be a couple, but we're allowed to fuck other people. Now take Kelly's virginity."
Matt nodded his agreement, and slid into Kelly slowly. The girl moaned, and Sophie kissed her.
"You like watching me kiss her, Matt?" Sophie asked. Matt nodded again, and Sophie continued kissing her friend, while Matt thrust in and out of her.
"Oh God, that's so hot," Sally said, watching them.
"Well tell you what, how about you girls come and join in?" Sophie ordered, and Sally and Megan instantly walked over to them, and started fondling and kissing any exposed skin they could get hold of.
"Oh my God..." Matt moaned as he fucked Kelly, feeling Sally's hands fondle him. "This feels incredible..."
"And just think, you've got a whole life of pleasure like this to look forward to," Sophie moaned between kisses.
"Oh God, I can't wait..." Matt moaned, before Sally kissed him. "I can't fucking wait..."
Chapter 5 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 5
Chapter 4 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM
Updated: 2/12/2017, 6:48:12 PM

When Matt had woken up on Tuesday morning cuddled up to a nude Sophie, he’d enjoyed it greatly, and it was something he’d definitely wanted to repeat as often as possible. This morning, Matt had the pleasure of waking up with not one nude girl, but 4, all of whom had wanted to get in on the group cuddle. Matt opened his eyes, and examined the current positions of everyone. He was laid on his back, with Sophie in pole position, cuddled up properly with him.

On his other side was Kelly, who had moved out from underneath him after he’d finished filling her with vast quantities of his cum. On top of them were Megan and Sally. His cock and balls were rubbing against one of them, but he couldn’t tell who. He didn’t care, it felt good either way.

Matt figured the chances of him getting out from under this pile of female flesh without waking them up were low, so he resigned himself to laying there for a while. He didn’t mind though, because the feeling of being skin-on-skin with these gorgeous girls was absolutely heavenly. As Matt laid there, he thought about everything that had happened since he’d first rubbed Lumiosa’s lamp. He’d lost his virginity (Well, he’d had sex for the first time he’d actually remembered), and gotten himself a girlfriend, who herself also had a genie. Not a bad few days.

“Lost in thought?” Sophie asked him. Matt jumped slightly, and his girlfriend just giggled. “Aw, did I scare you?”

“I thought you were asleep!” Matt half-shouted, half-whispered.

“I’ve only been awake a minute or so,” Sophie said. “What were you thinking about?”

“Just about how great my life’s been since I got Lumiosa,” Matt replied, smiling. “I just thank God, or whoever it was who sent me Lumiosa.”

“I’m glad you got Lumiosa too, so I have someone to share my magical life with,” Sophie smiled, kissing her boyfriend. “Come on, let’s get up.”

“What about your friends?” Matt asked.

“Easy,” Sophie replied, before whispering in her friends’ ears. “Girls, don’t wake up until I tell you to.”

Sophie then rolled Megan off of her, and got out of bed.

“Come on,” she said. Matt got out of bed too, and started following Sophie downstairs. They got into her living room, where her parents were laid spooning on the sofa, watching TV. Matt noticed their two lamps were sat on the table, being ignored, but he was more concerned with the fact that he and his girlfriend were naked in front of her parents.

“Mr and Mrs Swift!” Matt exclaimed. “I can explai-”

“Morning mom, morning dad,” Sophie said calmly.

“Good morning Sophie, good morning Matt,” Sophie’s mother said cheerily. “Did you both sleep well?”

“We slept great, thanks,” Sophie replied, before turning to her boyfriend. “I brainwashed my parents a long time ago. They just accept anything I do. Watch. Mom, dad, orgasm.”

Matt watched as Sophie’s parents both immediately cried out in pleasure. Sophie’s father humped his wife’s ass, while he stuck his hands down the front of her pants. Matt didn’t know whether to be aroused or embarrassed.

“Thank you Sophie...” Her father panted when it was over. “That was amazing.”

“You’re the best daughter in the world,” her mother panted.

“Thanks guys, but I think Matt’s getting a little embarrassed, so why don’t you both go upstairs and fuck until I tell you to stop?” Sophie commanded.

Her parents nodded, and went upstairs immediately.

“Better?”

“A little,” Matt replied. “So you basically enslaved your parents?”

“Not enslaved, just made them more agreeable,” Sophie corrected him. “After all, normal parents tend to raise a fuss when you bring home 11 guys and let them have their way with you.”

“Did you actually do that?”

“2 years ago after the senior football team won the big game,” Sophie told him. “I had Alexis “convince” them that she and I were their reward for playing so well. That was a fun weekend.”

“Weekend!?”

“11 teenage guys have a lot of hormones to burn off. As do one teenage girl and her genie. You should have seen them the following week at school. None of them could look us in the eye.”

Sophie then picked up Alexis’ lamp, and handed Lumiosa’s to Matt.

“Come on then, let’s see how our girls have been doing,” She said, and the two of them rubbed their lamps. The two genies then appeared on the sofa, naked, and cuddled up in each-other’s arms. They both opened their eyes, feeling the call of their lamps.

“You ... you called, Master?” Lumiosa said sleepily, her hands resting on Alexis’ ass.

“I thought genies didn’t need to sleep?” Matt asked.

“We don’t,” Alexis told him. “But I like to. I was introducing Lumiosa to it.”

“So what have you two been up to?” Sophie asked them.

“We went around the park for a bit, and then I took her to the mall,” Alexis replied. “Then we rented a hotel room, and I showed her a night to remember.” Alexis stuck her tongue out and wiggled it at this, causing Lumiosa to blush.

“Well that all sounds fun,” Matt said, his cock hardening at the thought, and from all the naked girls around him. “Lumiosa, you don’t have to listen to Alexis anymore.”

“Very well, Master,” Lumiosa smiled.

“Spoilsport,” Alexis said, sticking her tongue out further towards Matt.

“Oh get a grip,” Sophie said. She then went over to the front door, to pick up the mail. “Let’s see ... Oh, what’s this?” One letter in particular stuck out to her. It was addressed to her, which was a rarity in itself. She opened it, and started reading.

[i]”Dear Miss Swift,”[/i] she read. [i]”Your recent actions have brought you to the attention of my employer, Mr Alex Brookman, of Brookman Industries. He has instructed me to invite you, and your genie, to meet with him at Brookman Industries’ headquarters, which, as you are no doubt aware, is right here in your home town. There is no need to RSVP. Merely turn up at the office, and Mr Brookman will drop what he is doing to see you. We hope to see you soon.

- Miss April Showers”[/i]

“April Showers?” Matt said. “That’s obviously made up.”

“I’m more concerned that someone knows I’ve got a genie,” Sophie said, looking worried. “Alexis, check if Matt’s got a letter at home too.” Alexis then vanished, before popping up a few seconds later.

“It’s fine, there’s not one,” she said.

“That’s good,” Sophie said, breathing a sigh of relief. “That means they don’t know you’ve got a genie.”

“You shouldn’t go,” Matt said. “It’s obviously a trap.”

“What if it’s not?” Sophie asked. “What if this guy genuinely wants to meet me? Maybe he just wants to ask for some favours?”

“How likely is that?”

“I dunno...”

Alex Brookman was the CEO of Brookman Industries, which he’d inherited from his father, who died when he was very young. The company made Pharmaceuticals, which could be found in most homes across the world. Mr Brookman, however, was a very secretive man, and very little was known about his personal life, at least, what Google could find for Matt and Sophie.

“Look at him,” Sophie said, holding up a picture of him on her tablet. “How old would you say he is?”

“I dunno, 24? 25?” Matt replied.

“He’s 63,” Sophie said. “This guy must have a genie of his own.”

“Well I guess that rules out him wanting to ask you for wishes.”

“Mistress,” said Alexis, a word she only ever used when she was being serious or playful. This was the former. “While I agree that this is likely a trap, it may be advantageous for us to attend. To know our enemy would be much better than to stay in the dark. He knows your address, so he’s not going to just let you go. And don’t forget that, even if he does have a genie, you and I will be immune to their powers.”

“You’re right Alexis,” Sophie nodded. “We’re going.”

“Sophie, if you’re going, then I’m going with you,” Matt insisted, but Sophie shook her head.

“It’s for the best if he doesn’t know you’ve got a genie,” Sophie said. “If this guy is bad, then it’ll be handy to have a trick up our sleeves.”

“What if I could watch you without him knowing?” Matt asked.

“Master, do I sense a wish coming?” Lumiosa asked him, sitting up on the sofa.

“Well that depends on if it’s even possible,” Matt replied. “Would it be possible to put my mind in Sophie’s body? So I’d experience everything she did?”

“It should be possible,” Lumiosa said, thinking. “If Miss Sophie consents to it, and if Miss Alexis helps me to grant it.”

“So what, he’ll be in me?” Sophie asked.

“You’d both be in control of your body,” Alexis explained. “You’d both see, hear and feel everything you do, and both of you could move and talk.”

“That sounds alright I guess,” Sophie agreed.

“Alright then, this might tingle a bit,” Alexis said.

“Hold tight, Master,” Lumiosa giggled.

The two genies held hands, and raised their other hands towards their Masters.

“Your wish is our command,” they said in unison, before snapping their fingers. Instantly, Matt fell unconscious, while Sophie’s body tensed up.

“Master, are you alright!?” Lumiosa shouted, worried, running over to the unconscious Matt.

“Yeah, I’m fine,” replied Sophie. “Wait a second, that’s not my voice!” Sophie looked down at herself, and her eyes widened. “It worked, I’m a girl!”

“Master ... is that you?” Lumiosa asked. Sophie’s expression then changed, however.

“Wow, this is weird. I’ve got Matt inside me. And not in the fun way,” she said, before grabbing her tits. “Heh heh, I’ve got boobies.” She then let go of her tits. “Matt, if you wanna feel me up, I’d appreciate if you’d do it with your own hands.”

“I think we can assume it worked then,” Alexis said.

“Definitely,” Sophie said, or at least, her body did. “Lumiosa, stay here and guard my body.”

“Yes Master,” Lumiosa bowed. Sophie’s expression then changed again, and she turned to Alexis. “Alexis, drive me, or us, or whatever, to the office building, and then get in your lamp. I don’t want this guy seeing you before we want him to.”

“As you wish,” Alexis said.

Alexis and Sophie/Matt got into the car, a Ferrari, which Matt assumed Sophie must have wished up, and Alexis started driving.

“When we get there Matt,” Sophie said. “Don’t say or do anything. Just sit and watch. He can’t know you’re here.”

“Can I at least feel you up?” Matt asked.

“Matt, this is serious,” Sophie said sternly. “We don’t know what this guy wants. We can’t afford to be making jokes.”

“Oh fine...”

They arrived at the large tower building where Brookman Industries was based. Alexis changed back into a cloud of light-blue smoke, which was sucked into the lamp in Sophie’s handbag.

“Remember, don’t say anything,” Sophie said, before she got out of the car, and walked into the building. She walked up to reception, where there was a girl sat at the desk. She was, Sophie observed, young, gorgeous, and well-endowed.

“Hello, I’m here to see Mr Brookman,” she said to the woman.

“I’m sorry, but Mr Brookman is not taking any visitors at the moment,” the woman said.

“It’s fine, Julia, she’s expected,” said another woman. Sophie turned to her right, and saw a woman standing there. She looked to be her late twenties, but she was drop-dead gorgeous, even more so than the other woman. She was dressed in formal business attire, though with a very short skirt. She was holding a clipboard. “You must be Miss Swift.” Sophie nodded.

“Very good, come along with me dear,” the woman said, and turned to walk towards the elevator, before realising Sophie had stayed put. “Oh where are my manners? My name is April Showers. I am Mr Brookman’s secretary, among other things. I assure you dear, you’re quite safe with me. Now come along, Mr Brookman does not like to be kept waiting.” Sophie steeled herself for whatever was to come, and followed Miss Showers into the elevator, which began to go up.

“Mr Brookman is very excited to meet you,” Miss Showers said. Sophie just stayed quiet. “Not one for small talk, eh? Well, I’m sure Mr Brookman will be able to get some talking out of you.”

The doors opened directly into a large office, with large windows, giving a big view of the city. There was a formal desk at the back of the room, but Sophie was more concerned about what was in front of it. There were two sofas facing each-other, with a glass table in between them. Sat on the sofa facing Sophie was a man, whom she recognised as Alex Brookman. He was wearing a suit, aside from the fact that his pants were around his ankles. Sophie couldn’t see his penis though, because it was in the mouth of the nude girl who was knelt in front of him, sucking on it.

“Welcome, Miss Swift,” said Mr Brookman. “Please, take a seat.” Sophie sat down on the empty sofa. On the table was a big bottle of Coca Cola, two glasses, and a plate of chocolate biscuits.

“Do let me know if you’d like something else,” Mr Brockman said. “Though I was expecting two people. Well, one human.” Sophie ignored him, and looked at the girl who was giving him head.

“Is that Amy Barrows?” Sophie recognised her from school.

“Why yes it is,” Mr Brockman replied. “She works here evenings and weekends. Of course, she’s part of how I discovered your little secret.”

“I’m sure I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Sophie said, and Mr Brockman just smiled.

“Yesterday, Miss Showers overheard Amy here talking to one of the other girls about her boyfriend, one Mark Matthews,” He explained, and this peaked Sophie’s interest. “Seems he was rather reluctant to get his penis out for her, and when she finally saw it, she realised why. His penis was only an inch long, and it couldn’t get hard. Apparently some girl, by the name of Sophie Swift, had wished for it to happen, and then it had. Does that sound familiar?”

“Maybe, maybe not,” Sophie replied.

“I don’t know why you’re being so secretive, Miss Swift. Sophie. Can I call you Sophie?”

“I’d prefer Miss Swift.”

“Well then Miss Swift, I know you have a genie, it’s obvious. So why don’t you just summon her so we can all start being honest with each-other?” Sophie reached into her handbag, and pulled out Alexis’ lamp.

“Damn...” Mr Brookman said under his breath.

“What?” Sophie asked him.

“Just rub your lamp and then you’ll get your answers,” Mr Brookman replied.

Sophie rubbed the lamp, and light-blue smoke poured out, forming into Alexis, who sat down next to her Mistress.

“Well, she’s a pretty one,” Mr Brookman smiled, before groaning, as he came into Amy’s mouth. She then pulled off of him, stood up, and bowed politely. “Thank you Amy. You’re dismissed.”

“Thank you for this honour, Mr Brookman,” Amy said, before she left.

“Are all your staff mindless slaves?” Sophie asked him.

“Not mindless, just obedient,” Mr Brookman corrected her, before turning to face Alexis. “So what can I call you, dear?”

“Alexis,” the genie replied.

“Alexis,” Mr Brookman smiled. “A fine name. Do you recognise her, dear?”

“Unfortunately, she’s not one I’ve ever come across, Master,” Miss Showers replied.

“Master?” Alexis asked. “You mean you’re his-”

“Miss Showers, I wish for you to dress me,” Mr Brookman interrupted.

“Your wish is my command, Master.” Miss Showers snapped her fingers, and her Master was instantly dressed.

“Definitely a genie, then,” Alexis said. “But I’m assuming her real name isn’t April Showers, which by the way is a horrible joke.”

“I must say, Miss Swift, that your genie is very outspoken,” Mr Brookman smiled. “Does she not fear punishment?”

“I like to give my staff some free will,” Sophie said sternly.

“Quite. Well, if you must know, Alexis, the name April Showers was chosen by my grandfather, who found her lamp as a teenager,” Mr Brookman explain. “He passed her down to my father, who passed him down to me when I was 3, upon his death. I’m adopted, you see. My father never settled down and found a wife, much like I haven’t. Too much sex to be had, as I’m sure you understand. But since then, Apriya, as is her true name, has been everything to me; A mother, a wife, and, most importantly, a genie.”

“Well that sounds great,” Sophie said, somewhat sarcastically. “So what exactly do you want with me?”

“I’m getting to that. Patience,” Mr Brookman said. “For now, I’m curious about how and when you acquired Alexis here. Regale us with your tale.”

“Maybe I don’t want to tell you. Maybe I still don’t trust you.”

“As right you shouldn’t. After all, you barely know me.”

“For now, I’m interested in why you were disappointed when I pulled out Alexis’ lamp.”

Mr Brookman smiled, and ate a biscuit.

“Please, help yourself,” he said, and Alexis took a handful of them.

“Stop avoiding the question.”

“Oh, I like a girl with spunk in her. Of course, I prefer it when it’s my spunk. Fine, I’ll tell you. I’m a collector of lamps. Magic lamps, of course. Aside from Miss Showers’, I have 3 of them locked away at home. I’ve not rubbed them, of course, since humans cannot have more than 1 genie each, but I enjoy having them. I used to have 4, but last week, one of them was stolen from me.

“Stolen?”

“Yes. I don’t know how, either, since I specifically wished that only I, or a member of my family, would be able to access it. I was hoping that your lamp was the one that was stolen from me.”

“So you could steal it back?”

“Not at all. I merely wished to become acquainted with you. I may look young, but I often feel like the old man I am. I want some youthful companionship that I’ve not just wished for.”

“So you want to fuck me?”

“Yes, but I want to fuck all attractive girls. I have some friends I’d like you to meet, Miss Swift. A little society we have. All of them are Masters, and I’m sure they’d all be interested in meeting you.”

“How many of them are there?”

“Including me, five current members, though we’ve had several more over the years. We have a store of lamps that we’ve collected over the years. We’ve got 214 in total, plus my 3, which the others don’t know about.”

“214!?” Alexis exclaimed through her biscuits. “You’ve got 214 genies!?”

“All of them dormant in their lamps of course. We wouldn’t want some random kids getting hold of them and causing havoc with the world, now would we?”

“So what, you guys just collect lamps?” Sophie asked.

“Through a mixture of wealth and magic, we hunt down magic lamps to add to our collection. For example, the one that was stolen was recovered from the Museum of Egyptian Antiquities in Cairo, where it had sat for 10 years after being found by chance buried in a building site in Alexandria. As soon as I found out, I procured it, and hid it in my home. For the greater good of the world, of course.”

“Of course.” Sophie wasn’t convinced.

“Tell you what, Miss Swift, how about I give you my address and personal phone number?” Mr Brookman looked up at Miss Showers, who materialised a business card, and handed it to Sophie. “We’re meeting at my place on Friday night. I’d love for you to come, and of course Alexis is invited.”

“I’ll think about it,” Sophie said.

“I’m sure you will, and I’m sure you’ll make the right decision,” Mr Brookman smiled.

“We’ll see. Alexis, take us home please.”

“As you wish, Mistress.”

Alexis snapped her fingers, and the two of them were instantly back in Sophie’s living room. Matt’s body was still unconscious on the floor, with Lumiosa sat on the sofa, watching over him.

“Welcome home Master!” She said happily. “Would you like to return to your own body?”

“Yes, do it,” said Matt in Sophie’s voice. Lumiosa and Alexis snapped their fingers, and Matt instantly sat up. He looked down at his groin, and sighed in relief.

“Oh good, I’ve got a penis,” he said. “That was the weirdest bit. Not being able to feel my penis.”

“Try being a girl all the time, we never feel our penises,” Sophie said.

“If I may ask, what did you discover, Master, Miss Sophie?” Lumiosa asked.

“Lumiosa, I wish for you to extract the memories of the events from my mind,” Matt commanded.

“Your wish is my command, Master.” Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and instantly knew everything that had gone on. “That is so sad ... To think of those poor genies, trapped in their lamps, never again to see the light of day, or know the joy of serving a Master.”

“I’m more concerned with what they want with all those lamps,” Sophie said. “I don’t believe it’s really for the greater good.”

“So what do you suggest we do?” Matt asked.

“I say we go to this party, and we find out the truth.”
Chapter 6 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 6
Chapter 5 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM
Updated: 11/5/2015, 6:22:19 AM

At Sophie's suggestion, Matt went home that evening. They didn't want to risk anyone suspecting that he had a genie, so they decided that he should probably keep away from her in public for a bit. Matt agreed, although he'd have much rather he didn't have to.

Matt laid on his bed, nude, thinking about all that had happened recently. Many times in his life he'd imagined what his life would be like if he found a genie. Of course, once he'd hit puberty, his thoughts had turned to all the sex he'd have. To some extent, that had come true, since he very much doubted he'd ever have had an orgy with an entire girls' PE class without magical help. He'd probably not have gotten a girlfriend for a while either, and he was happy to have Sophie. He'd always had a little bit of a crush on her, so to actually have sex with her was a dream come true. But then, for him to have sex with anyone at all was a dream come true.

Matt looked down at Lumiosa, who was laid on her front, giving him a blowjob. He'd asked Sophie for one, but she was more concerned with planning for the gathering on Friday, so instead he'd commanded Lumiosa give him one. He had to admit, she was pretty damn good at it. She must have given thousands, if not millions of blowjobs in her time. Alexis had said that genies had been around since the dawn of the human race, but what exactly did that mean? Homo Sapiens have existed for about 100,000 years, but our ancestors existed for many years before that. How far back in history have there been genies on Earth? How many hundreds of thousands of years have Lumiosa, Alexis, Apriya, and all the other genies been around? What wonders ... and horrors ... have they seen?

Matt didn't really want to ask Lumiosa about it. From what she'd said, she'd had some pretty evil Masters in the past, who'd likely abused her and tortured her for their amusement. She seemed like a genuinely nice girl who just wanted to make him happy, and he promised himself that he'd be kind to her in return. He wondered what he'd do when he died. Sophie had gotten Alexis from an old man who'd seemingly selected her at random to get the lamp. Matt wanted to pass Lumiosa on to another Master whom he thought would be kind to her. Maybe one day he and Sophie would have kids, who could inherit their genies, like how Apriya had been passed down from father to son.

Matt then wondered about Sophie and Alexis. Alexis really did seem just like a normal teenage girl, aside from the near-unlimited magical power she wielded. They were basically BFFs. Well, more like BFs until Sophie dies and Alexis goes back to being trapped in her lamp until someone else finds her. Matt wondered if they ever talked about these things. If Alexis told Sophie about her life. Alexis had probably had lots of cruel Masters too, so someone like Sophie was probably a relief for her.

Matt was interrupted in his ponderings by his approaching orgasm. He groaned, and released his load into Lumiosa's mouth. She swallowed it all, and pulled off of him.
"Did that please you, Master?" She asked.
"Oh very much so," Matt replied, nodding contently.
"Would you like me to pleasure you some more, Master?"
"Not for now. For now, get under the duvet with me so we can cuddle."
"At once, Master."

Lumiosa got under the duvet, and Matt held her in his arms, kissing her. Whoever had stolen her lamp and sent it to him, he was thankful to them, since he was sure that Lumiosa was happier being out and serving, rather than being dormant in her lamp. He was certainly happy to have her.
"Lumiosa, I wish I could control my TV with my mind," Matt wished.
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled. Matt then turned her to face the TV, and he turned it on with his mind. He switched to an old sitcom that was on, and laid there spooning Lumiosa as they watched it, rubbing his cock on her ass, and stroking her stomach sensually. Lumiosa didn't seem to really get the jokes, but she enjoyed spending time with her Master.

Matt eventually moved his hands down to Lumiosa's groin, and began rubbing her vagina.
"Master..." she moaned. "Would you like me to pleasure you?"
"No Lumiosa. Tonight, I'm going to pleasure you."
"As you wish, Master..." Matt slid his fingers into Lumiosa's vagina. He'd never fingered a girl before, so he wasn't really sure of the technique behind it. But then, he realised, he didn't have to.

"Lumiosa, I wish I knew everything there is to know about pleasuring a girl." Instantly, Matt's head filled with knowledge.
"Oh Master..." Lumiosa moaned, as she felt Matt's now-expert hands get to work on her vagina.
"Does that feel good, Lumiosa?"
"Yes Master..." Matt rubbed her clit, and she squealed.
"Lumiosa, I wish that when you cum, it won't end until I command it to."
"Your wish is my ... Ohhhh Master..."

Matt's hands were working overtime, his fingers thrusting in and out of Lumiosa, rubbing anything they could find.
"Master, I'm going to..." Lumiosa moaned, before she went over the edge, and cried out in orgasm. Matt kept his fingers inside her, and he felt her pussy contracting around them. As Matt had wished, Lumiosa kept on orgasming far longer than normal. Eventually Matt pulled his fingers out of her, and opted to squeezes her tits, hump her ass, and kiss her neck as she rode out her unending orgasm.

"Lumiosa, get on your hands and knees," Matt whispered in her ear.
"Yes Master..." she moaned in response, her pussy in the process of exploding with pleasure. She pulled herself up, probably with magical help, and got on all-fours. Matt then positioned himself behind her, and slid into her vagina.
"Oh yeah..." Matt moaned. "That feels incredible..." Matt could feel Lumiosa's vagina contracting orgasmically around his cock, and he just stayed still for a few minutes, enjoying the feeling, before he started thrusting.
"Oh Master ... That feels wonderful Master..." Lumiosa moaned. Matt grabbed her ass, and thrust as hard as he could, in and out of her pussy.
"Oh God ... Lumiosa, I wish my room was soundproof!" He moaned in pleasure.
"Yes Master!" Lumiosa cried out.
"Good, because I'm gonna ... I'm gonna ... UhhhhhHHhHhHHhH!"

Matt thrust forward hard, and leaned his head back as he erupted into her. This, he thought, was what he'd always dreamed having a genie would be like. Blasting giant loads of cum into hot girls who'd obey his every command. It was bliss.

Once Matt was done cumming, he got right back to thrusting. After all, it took a lot of fucking to burn off unlimited sexual stamina. He planned on keeping on fucking her until he passed out from sheer exhaustion, and that is exactly what he did. As he shot his umpteenth load into Lumiosa, he fell on top of her. He managed to give her neck a soft kiss, before he fell unconscious.

"Hey Matt, wake up!" Matt could feel quite a few things when he woke up. The first was obviously the voice that was talking to him, and the hands which were shaking him awake. But he could also feel his morning wood, which was currently being squeezed gently by something warm and wet. He could feel a body underneath him, breathing steadily, and emitting soft, feminine moans.

Matt opened his eyes, and saw Lumiosa's face, which was one of pure ecstasy. It then occurred to Matt that, since he'd fallen asleep whilst fucking her, he'd never commanded her to stop cumming, so she'd been at it all night long. Not that she seemed to be suffering.
"Lumiosa, stop orgasming, and go into your lamp to rest," Matt whispered, and she let out a moan that was a mixture of relief, disappointment, and obedience. Matt kissed her, looking her straight in the eye, before she faded away into pink smoke, which floating into her lamp. Matt rolled over, and smiled.
"Having fun?" Alexis asked him, and he sat up to look at the naked genie.
"Quite a bit," Matt replied, sitting up. "Where's Sophie?"
"Preparing for tomorrow," Alexis replied. "She won't let me tell you what she's planning, but you're involved. She sent me here to get you up for school."

"School? Don't wanna..."
"Matt, we don't know much about these people, so we can't reveal all our secrets just yet, so we need to keep up the pretence that you're just an ordinary, genieless boy."
"So what, I just need to be normal?"
"Just for a while. By all means take Lumiosa to school, but it might not be a good idea to start any whole-class orgies today."
"I thought genies were supposed to serve humans, not boss them around?"
"It's Sophie who's bossing you around. I'm just the messenger."

Alexis then vanished, leaving Matt to get ready for school. He figured it would at least give him a chance to catch up with Max and Sam. When he got there, he found his friends.
"Where's Sophie?" Sam asked him.
"Don't worry, she stayed home today, so you're safe from ghost blowjobs," Matt replied. "But guys, I need to talk to you about something."
"What?" Max asked.
"Well guys, some stuff's going on," Matt explained. "You guys haven't told anyone about Lumiosa, have you?"
"Of course not!" Sam replied. "We'd never betray your trust like that. And besides, who's likely to believe us?"
"I guess not," Matt said. "But it's really important that you guys keep this a secret, okay? I mean it."
"We promise," Max said.
"Good," Matt smiled. "Let's go."

The boys went into their History class, and sat down. Matt's place just happened to be right next to Amy Barrows. He looked over at her, and his mind went back to the sight of her nude ass, which he'd seen through Sophie's eyes the previous day. He figured he'd have to be especially careful when she was around. For all he knew, Mr Brookman could be reading her mind. Maybe she's some sort of sleeper agent, programmed to find genies? Or maybe that's just paranoia setting in.

When the class was over, the three boys walked to their next one together.
"Hey Matt, I'm really not feeling school for the rest of the day, so how about you get us laid?" Max asked him.
"Sorry guys, no can do," Matt replied.
"Oh come on Matt, do your friends a favour!" Sam said, trying to unzip his friend's backpack. "The lamp must be in here somewhere..."
"It won't work for you, so don't bother trying," Matt said. "I'm sorry guys, but I'm trying to remain inconspicuous with my magic usage. And besides, I'm letting Lumiosa rest. She had a long night."
"A long night of fucking you I bet," Max said. "Come on Matt. Aside from the blowjobs Sophie wished up for us, we've not gotten laid since Monday!"
"This time on Saturday you were virgins. You'll live."
"Says the guy who can get laid whenever he wants with his genie and his hot girlfriend," Max said.
"I promise I'll make it up to you, but right now, no magic," Matt insisted.

When Matt got home, Sophie and Alexis were laid on his bed, waiting for him.
"We meet again, Mr Bond," Alexis said.
"I thought this was no time for joking?" Matt asked.
"Maybe a few," Alexis smiled.
"Alexis, he's right, this is serious," Sophie interrupted. "I've decided on a course of action for tomorrow."
"Which is?" Matt asked.
"I go to the party, and see what they're all about," Sophie explained. "Meanwhile, you go snooping around the place, and see if you can liberate those 3 lamps he's got."

"How am I even supposed to do that?"
"Have Lumiosa make you invisible. Your immunity to other people's magic should make you impossible to detect, even by another genie."
"Should?"
"I cannot guarantee it, but I believe so," Alexis said. "I've never actually tried it."
"Where is Lumiosa, anyway?" Sophie asked.
"In her lamp," Matt replied. "I wanted to give her some time to rest."
"That's probably for the best, we'll all need to be in top condition for tomorrow," Sophie said.
"Well, I will, you'll be partying with other Masters," Matt said.

"Matt, I know I joked earlier, but I would very much like you to take this situation seriously," Alexis said. "It pains me, and I know it pains Lumiosa too, to know that so many genies are being denied their freedom like this."
"Why should it bother you?" Matt asked. "You don't know them."
"They are like my siblings," Alexis replied. "Imagine if someone locked your sister away as part of their "collection" of humans."
"Alright, I get it," Matt said. "I'll do it."
"Thank you Matt!" Alexis grinned, and gave him a big kiss.

Alexis and Sophie decided to stay the night, which was mostly down to the fact that they'd not fucked in nearly two days. Hence why, if you'd walked into Matt's bedroom on that Thursday, you'd have found Sophie Swift on all-fours, being rammed from behind by her boyfriend. Meanwhile, her genie, Alexis, was making out with Matt, while he massaged her tits, and she masturbated.
"Oh God Sophie, I'm gonna ... FUCK!" Matt cried out, before releasing his load into her pussy. Sophie's wish for simultaneous orgasms sent her into her own climax, before it then sent Alexis into hers. The 3 of them came hard, before collapsing into a pile of sweaty flesh. They kissed and cuddled for a while, enjoying the feeling of one-another.

"Sophie..." Matt said, stroking his girlfriend's skin sensually.
"Yeah?" She asked, zoned out a little from post-orgasmic bliss.
"I wanna try something, and feel free to say no to this."
"What?"
"I want to swap bodies and fuck. You know, so I can feel sex as a girl, and you can feel it as a boy."
"Been there, done that. I once turned into Megan's boyfriend Joe and fucked her brains out. Let me tell you, I can see why he likes her so much. That girl has a very nice pussy indeed."

"Oh, alright then..." Matt said, disappointed. Sophie just smiled and kissed him.
"I didn't say no," she said. "I'd like to do it again."
"That's great!" Matt smiled. He then went over to his bag, and pulled Lumiosa's lamp. One rub later, and she was sat on her knees on the floor.
"What do you desire, Master?" She asked.
"Sophie and I wish to swap bodies for a while," Matt said.
"Miss Sophie, do you consent to this?" Lumiosa asked her.
"I do," she replied. "Do it, Alexis."

Alexis and Lumiosa both snapped their fingers, and their Masters both looked dazed for a second, before returning to normal.
"Did it work?" 'Matt' asked, before looking down at his groin. "Well I didn't have a penis before, so yes."
"Honestly, 3 years, and you still doubt my powers," Alexis said. "You insult me, Mistress."
"Oh wow, this is weird." Everyone then looked over at Matt, who was in Sophie's body. His/Her fingers were inside his/her pussy. "I could get used to this..."
"You should try having a dick inside it," Sophie said, before grabbing his penis. "This thing definitely feels different to Joe's. It's bigger."
"Wow, I look pretty good," Matt said, looking at him, while fingering herself.
"Why don't you feel yourself?" Sophie grinned, before pouncing on top of her. Sophie grabbed her boobs, and slid inside her.
"Holy fuck..." Matt moaned. "That feels ... weird."
"Tell me about it..." Sophie moaned. "My pussy definitely feels better than Megan's ... I blame all that magic..."
"Hey, don't look at me," Alexis said. "Any enhancements I gave you were because you wished for them."
"I know, and I'm very grateful for them." Sophie picked up his speed. "So just to reward you, I'm taking a leaf out of Matt's book. Alexis, I wish for you to orgasm until I tell you to stop."
"You too Lumiosa..." Matt moaned, feeling Sophie thrust in and out of her pussy.

The two genies snapped their fingers, and instantly cried out in pleasure as they came. Alexis grabbed hold of Lumiosa, and kissed her hard, the two genies fondling each-other. Meanwhile, their Masters continued fucking one-another, enjoying the unfamiliar sensations that being the other gender provided.
"Sophie ... I'm gonna cum ... I think..." Matt moaned.
"Me too ... Here we go..." The two teens moaned loudly as they exploded. Sophie blasted his jizz into Matt's pussy, and Matt moaned as she experienced her first ever female orgasm.
"Oh wow ... that was weird," Matt moaned when she stopped cumming. "But really good."
"Now you see why I like being a girl so much," Sophie smiled, before giving Matt a kiss. "Wanna go again?" Matt just nodded, and they resumed thrusting.

Matt and Sophie eventually fell asleep in each-other's arms. They didn't bother to switch back yet, though they did permit their genies to stop orgasming, and return to their lamps. They were absolutely exhausted, so they slept until well past midday. When Matt woke up in the morning, he could feel Sophie's, or rather, his penis rubbing against Sophie's, or rather, his leg.

Matt opened her eyes, and looked at Sophie, who was still inhabiting Matt's body. Matt kissed him, and he opened his eyes.
"Morning," Sophie smiled, kissing her back. "I must admit, I'm pretty comfy. I might cuddle myself more often."
"Yeah, but how about we turn back to normal?" Matt suggested, and Sophie nodded. The two teens got up, and picked up their respective lamps. They rubbed them, and their genies were summoned.
"We wish to be back to normal," Sophie said.
"Yeah, we do," Matt said.
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled.
"Mine too," said Alexis, and a second later, the two teens were back in their own bodies.
"You know, I never thought I'd be so happy to see my penis," Matt remarked.
"Oh yes, because I'm sure having boobs and a pussy was sheer torture for you," Sophie said sarcastically.
"There's no place like home, and home for me means being in my body," Matt said.

Matt and Sophie hung out together for the rest of the day, but as the evening approached, they began to prepare for the gathering.
"Alright Lumiosa, I wish to be completely invisible to everyone except you, Sophie, Alexis, and myself," Matt commanded.
"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled. She took Alexis' hand, and the two genies snapped their fingers.
"Did it work?" Sophie asked.
"Yes Miss Sophie," Lumiosa replied. "With Alexis' help, my Master can no longer be seen by anyone aside from the four of us."
"Okay good," Sophie said. "But Matt, I don't advise you to take Lumiosa with you, in case they find her."
"Well what if I need to wish for something?" Matt asked.
"Wish for a mental link between the two of you," Sophie replied. "So you can think wishes to her."
"Can I do that?"
"Yes you can, Master," Lumiosa told him. "Do you wish for it?"
"Yes, I do." Matt nodded. Lumiosa snapped her fingers.

"Hello Master," Matt heard in his head, in Lumiosa's voice.
"Woah..." Matt said out loud.
"Just think about sending words to me," Lumiosa thought to him.
"Okay..." Matt thought. "Lumiosa, can you hear me?"
"Yes Master," she thought back, before giggling.
"Judging by you two being quiet, I think we can assume it worked," Alexis said, and Matt nodded.

Matt, Sophie and Alexis got dressed, Matt having to wish for his invisibility to apply to his clothes too. The three of them then teleported to Sophie's house, and Alexis drove them to Mr Brookman's house in Sophie's Ferrari.
"Wow, this place is pretty nice," Sophie said as they arrived at a large mansion.
"I've served royalty in the past," Alexis said. "Trust me, this place is nothing."

They drove up to the gate, and Alexis pressed the intercom button.
"Yes, who is it?" They heard Miss Showers' voice say over the intercom.
"Sophie Swift and Alexis," replied Alexis.
"Oh good, Mr Brookman was hoping you'd come," Miss Showers said. "Proceed."

The gate opened, and Alexis drove the car in. They got out of the car (Matt having Lumiosa let him pass through the door, to avoid having it seem to open for no reason), and were greeted by Mr Brookman and Miss Showers, or Apriya, as she was once known.
"Welcome, Miss Swift," Mr Brookman said. "I'm glad you decided to come."
"I figured it would be good to know my enemy," Sophie said.
"Still don't trust me, eh?" Mr Brookman said. "Well we'll soon fix that, when you meet the others. Come with me."

Mr Brookman led them inside, and Matt quickly separated himself from the group to snoop around. Mr Brookman showed Sophie and Alexis to a lavishly-decorated room, with a large fireplace, and many comfy-looking sofas and armchairs. Lounging around the place, she saw 8 people, whom she assumed were the other members of the group and their genies. The 4 she assumed were the Masters were 3 boys and a girl, while the genies were 2 boys and 2 girls. Sophie observed that no-one looked older than their twenties.

"Sophie, may I introduce you to the rest of the group," Mr Brookman said. "This is Jürgen, Brian, Sarah and Neil, and their genies, Marcio, Lexia, Iago and Ophelia. Everyone, this is Sophie Swift, and her genie, Alexis."
"Oh God..." Alexis groaned.
"What?" Sophie asked her. She quickly got her answer.
"Alexis, as beautiful as ever I see," said Marcio, Jürgen's genie.
"Hello Marcio..." Alexis said, obviously annoyed to see him.
"Why the last time I gazed upon your beauty, you were with that painter in Florence," Marcio said, before squeezing Alexis's ass. "Maybe if our Masters dismiss us, we can go for a quick "catch up" session. Or a long one."
"As much as I would LOVE that," Alexis said sarcastically. "My Mistress has forbidden me from having sex with anyone but her." Alexis was lying, but Sophie could see why, so she didn't say anything. Marcio looked at Sophie, and grinned.
"A shame, but your Mistress is quite the beauty herself," he said.

"Marcio, setz dich!" Jürgen shouted at him. Marcio looked annoyed.
"Ihr Wunsch ist mir Befehl, Meister," he said, before returning to his Master's side.
"I apologise for my genie's behaviour girls," Jürgen said in a heavy German accent. "He has always been a raunchy one. Please, sit."

Alexis and Sophie went over to an empty sofa, and sat down.
"It is a great pleasure to meet you," said Sarah. "It is especially good to meet another female Master. Our last female member died 4 decades ago."
"And one so young, too," said Neil. "It gives me hope that our organisation will outlive the 5 of us."
"You see Sophie," Brian explained. "I hope you'll let me call you that, by the way. The 5 of us here are all on first name terms. You see Sophie, all of us here are in our 60s or 70s. We've all not got many years left. It's why we were all so excited when we discovered you. A girl with a genie who's actually as old as she looks."

"Would you like a drink, Sophie?" Mr Brookman, or rather, Alex, asked her. He then looked over at Miss Showers, who snapped her fingers. The doors opened, and in walked two nude, and VERY attractive girls, who were carrying several bottles of wine, and a glass for Sophie.
"What about Alexis?" Sophie asked.
"As you wish," Alex said. Miss Showers snapped her fingers again, and another nude girl ran in carrying another wine glass. The girls then poured wine into the glasses for Sophie and Alexis, bowed, and left.

"I assume they're not here of their own free will?" Sophie asked him.
"Not completely," Alex replied, sitting down on an armchair. Miss Showers moved over to give him a shoulder massage. "But don't worry, no-one misses them. They've been passed down through my family like Miss Showers here. The girl who brought Alexis' glass, for example, was enslaved by my grandfather in 1830."
"1830!?" Sophie exclaimed, trying not to spit her wine out. "How is that possible!?"
"Basic maths," Alex replied. "My grandfather was born in 1811, and discovered Apriya's lamp in 1827. He died in 1899, passing all his possessions onto his then 38-year-old son, who passed everything on to me when he died in 1955."
"I guess that works, but how are those girls still alive?" Sophie asked. "I thought people still had to die at their time?"
"We do, but regular humans can be kept alive as long as we desire," Brian explained.

Meanwhile, Matt was walking through the house, looking around for where the lamps might be. Along the way, he passed many nude girls, who he assumed were servants. Or slaves.
"Lumiosa," Matt thought to his genie. "Are all these girls brainwashed into being here?"
"I cannot know for certain, Master," Lumiosa replied. "But I can tell you that there is a magical barrier on all of the girls, presumably put there by Apriya, which prevents other genies from interfering with them."
"Looks like Mr Brookman probably enslaved them then," Matt thought.

Matt wandered around, passing through doors like a ghost, happy that none of these servant girls seemed to realise he was there.
"Master, might I suggest checking the basement?" Lumiosa thought to him. "It seems like that would be a sensible place."
"Good idea Lumiosa, thanks," Matt thought. He eventually managed to find his way to the stairs to the basement, and he walked down. In there was a lot of wine, as well as many boxes. But what drew Matt and Lumiosa's attention the most was the large safe at the back.
"Master, that safe has magical protection on it," Lumiosa said. "It is likely where the lamps are being held, but I regret that this magical protection will prevent me from opening it for you, or teleporting it away. I'm so sorry Master."
"Well, what about if you make me super strong and I carry it out?" Matt suggested.
"That would be possible, except that the safe would not be invisible, meaning that you would easily be caught. I'm afraid I do not see any way for you to liberate the lamps."
"Right..." Matt thought, disappointed. "Well in that case, let's see what Sophie's up to."

"So Sophie, why don't you tell us how you came to possess Alexis?" Sarah said.
"I tried that, she won't tell," Alex told them. "I don't think she trusts us."
"There is really no need to be afraid," Brian said. "We're not out to harm you."
"Sophie, I think we should tell them," Alexis said to her Mistress. "I don't see anything particularly wrong with it."
"My goodness, a genie who's on first name terms with her Master," Neil said. "You wouldn't dream of that, would you, Ophelia?"
"No Master, that would be most disrespectful of me," Ophelia replied, bowing her head.
"Alexis is my best friend," Sophie said. "I treat her as an equal."
"What a strange girl you are," Sarah smiled. "I myself enjoy having Iago eat me out while he tells me how great I am. Aren't I great, Iago?"
"Every second in your presence is an incredible honour, Mistress," Iago replied. "Every day I thank the powers that be for being allowed to serve you."
"Good boy, Iago," Sarah smiled.

At this point, Sophie and Alexis both saw Matt phase through the living room door, and smile at them, before sitting down on an empty arm chair. Sophie resisted the urge to give him a look of "what the hell", since she didn't want anyone to realise he was there.
"I guess I may as well tell you all then," Sophie relented. "3 years ago, I was walking home, when I felt a compulsion to walk into a house. There was a dying old man in there, who bequeathed Alexis to me."
"Fascinating," Alex said. "I'm impressed that you were able to operate in this town for 3 years without me noticing you."
"I tried not to draw attention to myself," Sophie replied.
"What impresses me more," Brian said. "Is that Alexis' previous Master was able to avoid our detection too. Who was he, girl? How long did he own you for?"

"First of all, I have a name, which I'd appreciate you using," Alexis scoffed. "Secondly, his name was Eric Anderson. He was a soldier who found me in Berlin in 1945. He was a very kind Master, much like Sophie."
"Well, at least Alexis is in our group's possession now," Neil said. "At least, if you'd consider joining us, Sophie."

At this point, Miss Showers leaned down and whispered something in Alex's ear.
"Interesting, thank you, Miss Showers," he said, kissing her. "Everyone, it seems we have a spy in our midst." Matt's eyes widened at this, while Sophie and Alexis tried to look appropriately shocked for the group.

"Impossible, we would know!" Jürgen shouted.
"Then kindly look over to that chair," Alex said, pointing to where Matt was sat. "There appears to be a human-shaped print in it, which keeps wriggling." Everyone looked over.
"My word!" Sarah gasped.
"Master, this person appears to be immune to my magic," Miss Showers told him. "Likely they also possess a genie."
"Well in that case, reveal yourself, whoever you are," Alex ordered Matt. "If you also have a genie, then you have nothing to fear from us."
"Master, do you wish me to teleport you out of there?" Lumiosa asked Matt. Sophie waiting in nervous anticipation of what he'd do.

"I wish to be visible again," Matt spoke, and in an instant, he was. "Hello everyone."
"You're lucky you've got a genie boy, or we'd probably have to wipe your memory, or worse," Sarah said somewhat sinisterly. "Where are they, anyway?"
"Lumiosa, I wish for you to teleport here with your lamp," Matt commanded. Lumiosa then immediately appeared, kneeled next to him, with her lamp in Matt's lamp. Alex saw the lamp, and his eyes widened as he recognised it as the one that had been stolen from him, but he stayed quiet about it.
"So who are you?" Neil asked him.
"Matt Evans," Matt replied. "I thought I'd pay you all a visit."
"I'm Brian, and this is Sarah, Alex, Neil, Brian, and our newest member, Sophie," Brian said.
"Oh I'm well aware of who Alex and Sophie are," Matt told them. "They had a meeting the other day in his office."
"How did you know that!?" Alex asked angrily.
"I was watching you, invisible," Matt lied. "I overheard something very interesting while I was there. Apparently Alex here has 3 lamps that he's hiding from you all."

"That's not true!" Alex protested.
"There's a magical safe in the basement which I can't get in," Matt told them all. "I'm assuming that's where they are."
"Well perhaps we should take a look at this safe," Jürgen said. "And put Apriya back in her lamp. We don't want her interfering."
"Very well," Alex said, standing up. "Miss Showers, back in your lamp."
"Yes Master," she obliged, fading into a cloud of grey smoke, which shot upstairs to where her lamp presumably was.
"Off we go then," Alex frowned.

The group then walked downstairs to the basement, where the safe was.
"Open it up, Alex," Neil ordered him. Alex merely sighed, and opened it. There, sitting there on a cushion, were 3 magical lamps.
"Oh Alex, I'm disappointed with you," Sarah said.
"Well I think that this ends our meeting for tonight," Brian said. "I'll take these lamps and add them to the others. The rest of us will convene to decide what to do about Alex."

Everyone went back upstairs to get ready to go home.
"Tell me Matt, do you live locally?" Sophie asked him, annoyance obvious in her voice.
"Why yes I do ... Sophie, was it?" Matt smirked in response.
"Then please allow me to take you home." Sophie practically dragged Matt into the car, Lumiosa sitting next to him, while Alexis drove. Sophie waited until they were away before starting her rant.

"You fucking moron!" She shouted. "What were you doing in there!?"
"I couldn't get into the safe, so I came to see what you guys were doing," Matt replied. "When I got caught, I improvised."
"That wasn't in the plan!"
"So? They seem like nice people Sophie. I don't think we're in any danger."
"Matt, those girls he's got working at that place have been his family's slaves for 200 years! And you saw how the others were rude to Alexis. They see their genies as possessions, not people. Hence why they've got 217 of them locked up."
"Well maybe if we join their group, we can gain access to those genies, and get them out of there."
"Still ... I don't trust them."
"Sophie, perhaps Matt is right," Alexis said.
"Alexis, shut up," Sophie ordered her.

"I get you're upset, and you don't trust them, but I really think it might benefit us to stay with them," Matt said. "Didn't you say you were glad you'd found another guy with a genie?"
"Yes, but these people are different. They're not like you. I agree we should stay with them, but they're not our friends. We're with them to free the captured genies. And then, who knows?"
"Alright then. Look ... I'm sorry."
"It's alright. I'm sorry too. I shouldn't have shouted."
"No, you should have. I went against the plan, and now that Alex guy's suspicious of me. He's gonna want to know how I got Lumiosa's lamp."
"Well we'll have to see what happens next. What the other members do."

They pulled up outside Matt's house, and he and Lumiosa got out.
"I don't know what's going to happen now," Sophie said. "I suppose we could be together a bit now at least. Just say we hooked up after tonight."
"Do you wanna come in?" Matt asked. "Not necessarily for sex. Just for cuddles if you want."
"No, it's fine. I just want to go home and rest. Thanks though."
"Alright then. Goodnight Sophie."
"Goodnight Matt."

The two of them kissed, and parted for the night.
Chapter 7 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 7
Chapter 6 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 7
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Matt went to bed alone that night, commanding Lumiosa to return to her lamp. He laid awake thinking about what they'd learned, and speculating about what would happen next. Sophie had suggested that they wait to see what would happen, so Matt would do that.

Matt had his typical Saturday morning lay-in the next day. Though to be fair, recent events had left him rather exhausted, what with the large amount of sex he'd been having. Not that he was complaining in the slightest.

When Matt eventually got up, he got dressed, and started walking downstairs. He could hear giggling from downstairs, followed by his sister saying "Fuck, he's coming". Matt walked into the living room, and found Becky and Jamie sat on the sofa, trying to look innocent. Matt noticed that Jamie had a boner.

"Morning guys," Matt said. "Where are mom and dad?"

"They're uh, both working today," Becky said.

"Morning Matt," Jamie said. Both of them looked annoyed at having been interrupted in what they were doing. Matt went into the kitchen to get breakfast, and as he poured his cereal, he heard Becky and Jamie run upstairs, before the distant sound of her bedroom door slamming. Yeah, she definitely wasn't a virgin.

After Matt finished his breakfast, he went back upstairs to his bedroom. As he walked past Becky's room, he heard the unmistakable sound of pleasured moans, of both the male and female variety. Matt returned to his room, and pulled out his lamp.

"Yes Master, what is it you desire?" Lumiosa asked when she emerged from it, after Matt rubbed it.

"I wish for my TV to change to a live feed of my sister," Matt replied. "And I wish to be able to control the angle of the feed with my mind."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said. She snapped her fingers, and Matt's TV instantly switched on. On the screen, he saw Becky and Matt. They were both totally naked on her bed, and she was on top of him, riding him. Matt took this opportunity to check out his sister. He'd always considered her beautiful, and he could see why his friends found her hot. Now though, any doubt was being destroyed. She had perfectly-formed C-cup boobs, which were jiggling as she rode Jamie. A nice butt that Jamie was currently squeezing. A soaking-wet, hairless pussy, which was filled with Jamie's hard dick. Her face was one of sheer pleasure from the sensations filling her groin.

Matt's dick quickly grew hard at the sight of his sister riding her boyfriend. He began to wish so much that he could fuck her too. And then he realised that he could. But first, he needed to get rid of Jamie.

"Lumiosa," Matt said. "I wish that when Jamie and Becky cum, Jamie will remember that he has college work that he absolutely HAS to rush home to finish."

"Yes Master," Lumiosa obeyed.

"Good," Matt smiled. "Now then, I wish for Becky and Jamie to orgasm. Hard."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa giggled.

She snapped her fingers, and Matt heard Becky and Jamie cry out in absolute ecstasy, as their genitals exploded in orgasm. Jamie grabbed Becky's tits, and she leaned forward to kiss him, which did little to muffle their sounds of pleasure. When it was over, they laid cuddling for a minute or so, before Jamie pushed Becky off, and started getting dressed.

"What are you doing!?" She asked him, annoyed.

"Sorry, I've got so much college work I need to do," Jamie replied, putting his shirt on. "But hey, I've had a great time. Love you babe."

Jamie left quickly, leaving Becky laid in bed, annoyed.

"Does this please you, Master?" Lumiosa asked Matt, who was grinning.

"Oh yes," Matt replied. "But I've got some more wishes. I wish that my sister will have no problem with incest. And I wish that all the love, lust and attraction she feels towards Jamie will instead be felt towards me. And I wish it would be multiplied by a thousand."

"Your wish is my command, Master."

Matt didn't need to ask if it had worked, as a few seconds later, his bedroom burst open, his naked sister stood in the doorway.

"I need you. NOW!" She shouted, before pouncing on him, ignoring the presence of the genie in the room. The siblings grabbed hold of each-other, and kissed and fondled anything they could get hold of. Becky grabbed hold of his cock, and guided it towards her pussy.

"Oh God..." Matt moaned, before sending a thought to Lumiosa. "Hey Lumiosa, can you still hear my thoughts?"

"Yes Master," Lumiosa replied.

"I wish for mine and Becky's bodies to become a million times more sensitive to pleasure," Matt thought.

Matt came instantly. The moment Lumiosa snapped her fingers to grant his wish, his entire body lit up with pleasure. Every inch of his skin was filled with sensations beyond his wildest dreams. He could feel the air rubbing against his bare skin, while the rest of his skin rubbed against his sister's. This would have felt amazing under normal conditions, but thanks to Lumiosa's power, it felt better than anything he'd ever experienced.

And as far as Matt's penis was concerned, he'd died and gone to Heaven. He could feel every single groove of her vagina. Every drop of warm pussy juice, which coated his length. The sensations were so great, that Matt's cock exploded in orgasm the instant his wish was granted. The orgasm was the greatest Matt had ever had, even in the rest of his 6 days of genie ownership. It was so intense, that it lasted for many minutes, Matt shooting out the contents of his balls many times over, grateful for the limitless jizz supply he'd given himself. He moaned and cried out as his cock contracted pleasurably, feeling Becky's pussy contract around it in her own orgasm.

When it was finally over, the two of them didn't get to relax, as just the feeling of touching each-other was heavenly. They stroked each-other's skin, and wiggled their hips slightly. However, thanks to their increased sensitivity, this sent them over the edge into another orgasm, so, less than a minute after stopping, Matt's cock resumed shooting cum in an explosion of pleasure, which Becky's vagina joined in on.

Matt was out of this world with happiness, but he still had a problem. Though this felt incredible, neither of them could muster the strength to move beyond a few wiggles. But if they wanted this experience to be as mind-blowingly pleasurable as possible, they really needed to go for it.

"Lumiosa..." Matt thought, through a haze of pleasure. "I wish that we had the strength to fuck properly."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said.

Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Matt and Becky instantly felt a surge of vigour run through them. No more did movement seem like the most difficult thing on Earth. Matt grabbed Becky's ass, and rolled her onto her back. He started thrusting in and out of her, which caused them both to scream. They reached orgasm within 30 seconds, but they kept on fucking through their orgasms. They fucked and fucked, overwhelmed by pleasure, reaching another orgasm every 30 seconds or so. Lumiosa just watched on, proud, and slightly happy at how she'd made her Master.

Matt and Becky both lost track of time. In fact, they lost track of most things. Their increased sensitivity to pleasure, and Matt's limitless sexual staying power, meant that they just kept fucking and fucking, experiencing mind-blowingly powerful orgasms at an alarming rate. They didn't care about anything else. All they cared about was this incredible pleasure.

They fucked for hours. Not that they knew, as their minds were consumed with pleasure. Sweet, sweet pleasure. So much so, that they didn't notice Sophie and Alexis teleporting into the room.

"Oh my God Matt, what are you doing!?" Sophie exclaimed. Matt didn't respond, except by moaning more.

"Lumiosa, what did you do to him!?" Sophie asked angrily.

"My Master wished for himself and his sister to be a million times more sensitive to pleasure!" Lumiosa smiled in response, clearly happy at having granted this wish.

"Oh my God..." Sophie said, before going over to her boyfriend. "Matt... ? Matt, can you hear me?"

"OH GOD YES!" Matt moaned, but who knows if it was in response to Sophie, or to having yet another orgasm.

"Lumiosa, undo this!" Sophie ordered her. "Right now!"

"Miss Sophie, you know I cannot do that," Lumiosa said. "What my Master wishes, only he can undo."

"Well in that case, Alexis, I wish for you to teleport Matt's sister into her own bed, asleep," Sophie commanded.

"Your wish is my command, Mistress," Alexis said. Instantly, Becky was gone, and Matt was left humping the bed. He was distraught at his fuck buddy vanishing, but that didn't stop him having another orgasm.

"Matt, listen to me," Sophie said to him sweetly. "I need you to undo this. Just wish yourself back to normal."

"Miss Sophie, have you not considered that perhaps my Master would like to remain like this?" Lumiosa asked, obviously annoyed at her. "Who are you to interfere with his happiness?"

"I'm human," Sophie replied. "Last I checked, we got the last say on things, not genies."

"Now now Sophie, let's not go there," Alexis said.

"I'm sorry, but I'm not letting Matt orgasm his life away," Sophie argued. "Lumiosa, can you still talk to Matt in his mind?"

"Yes Miss Sophie."

"Then ask him if he wants you to undo this. Surely as his genie, you should check up on him, to make sure he's fully enjoying his wishes?"

"Very well," Lumiosa said, before switching to the mental link. "Master, do you wish me to end this enhanced pleasure?"

"NO!" Matt thought back loudly.

"He says no," Lumiosa related.

"In that case, Matt baby, can you at least wish for the ability to talk?"

"It's fine..." Matt panted. "I think I can talk ... Just don't touch me..."

"Matt, you need to end this," Sophie said. "By all means use Lumiosa's power for outstanding sex, but you need limits. I always either put a time limit on these things, or tell Alexis that she can end it when she thinks I've had enough."

"Why ... Why shouldn't I just have sex for the rest of my life?"

"I know it feels good, but there's more to life than just sex. Do this again sometime, but please just rest for now. And next time, be more careful."

"Fine ... Lumiosa ... I wish ... I wish for you to undo this sensitivity..."

"As you wish, Master," Lumiosa smiled at him. She snapped her fingers, and Matt let out a groan that was a mix of relief and disappointment, as he felt the sensations leave him. "Would you like to make another wish?"

"No ... just go into your lamp for now..." Matt replied, before passing into unconsciousness. Lumiosa returned to her lamp, and Sophie pulled the duvet over Matt.

"Just sleep for now," She said, kissing him. "Rest."

When Matt woke up, he could feel his dick tingling. Likely it was due to the sheer number of orgasms he'd had. He had no idea how many it had been, but he was grateful to Lumiosa for his ability to have that many without his dick falling off.

As Matt laid there with his eyes shut, he thought about what had happened. While it had been incredible, his rested, not blissed-out brain could tell that perhaps Sophie was right. Perhaps fucking his sister wasn't the best way to spend the rest of his life.

Matt opened his eyes, and saw that the sun was setting outside. He managed to force himself to sit up, and he got out of bed. He put his clothes back on, and walk downstairs. On the sofa, he saw Sophie and Alexis, who were nude, and playing Call of Duty on his Playstation.

"There are hot, naked girls playing video games in my living room," Matt said. "What, am I dead or something?"

"You're alive, barely," Alexis replied.

"Alexis, pause the game please," Sophie ordered. Alexis snapped her fingers, and the game paused, despite it being an online game. Everyone else would just have to wait. "Matt, are you okay?"

"Yeah, I feel okay," Matt replied.

"Good," Sophie smiled, kissing him softly. "But don't do anything so stupid again. I know it felt good, but you were just gonna fuck your entire life away."

"Yeah ... thanks Sophie," Matt said. "You're the best."

"I'm just trying to look out for you." Sophie then gave him another kiss. "But right now, we need to deal with your sister."

"What about her?"

"I had Alexis put her to sleep, but right now, she's still full of the lust for you that you gave her. If I have Alexis wake her up, she'll just pounce on you again. Go get Lumiosa, and wish it away."

Matt nodded, and went to fetch Lumiosa's lamp. He brought it down, and rubbed it.

"Lumiosa, I wish for you to put the lust you gave my sister towards me back in Jamie, and then go back into your lamp," Matt ordered her.

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said. She snapped her fingers, and then returned to her lamp.

"Alright, Alexis, make it so that Matt's sister can wake up when she's ready," Sophie said.

"As you wish, Mistress," Alexis said.

"Alright, now that that's dealt with, come and cuddle me," Sophie said.

The two of them sat on the sofa, cuddling up to one another.

"Matt, the reason I came over was actually to ask you out on a date," Sophie told him.

"A date?"

"Well yeah, I mean, we're a couple, but we've never actually been out on a date. Maybe we should."

"What did you have in mind?"

"Maybe a movie? That seems like a normal first date."

"Alright then, let's go."

Matt and Sophie stood up to go on the date.

"Alexis, I wish for you to dress me in a nice dress," Sophie ordered. "No underwear. Just the dress, shoes, and a nice handbag please."

"As you wish," Alexis said. Instantly, Sophie was dressed in a red dress, which showed off lots of cleavage. She was holding a matching red handbag. "Would you like me to dress Matt as well?"

"Yeah, I don't trust Matt or Lumiosa to do it themselves, so you do it," Sophie replied. Alexis snapped her fingers, and Matt was instantly dressed in jeans and a casual shirt. He peeked down his jeans.

"I'm not wearing any underwear..." He said.

"Of course not, underwear gets in the way of fun," Sophie grinned. "Now come on, let's go."

Sophie shoved both lamps into her bag (Alexis returning to hers), and dragged Matt out of the house.

"Why don't we just teleport there?" Matt asked her as they walked to the cinema.

"Because I want to have a romantic walk with you," Sophie replied, taking his hand. "That a problem?"

"No, I guess not," Matt smiled. "Look, thanks again for before."

"It's nothing, really. I like you Matt. A lot. And I didn't want you to die. Not yet, anyway. For one thing, I need you with me facing the society. We still don't really know what they're about."

"Sophie ... can we not discuss that now? We're on a date."

"Yeah ... sorry."

They arrived at the cinema, where there was a big queue for tickets.

"Well, we can't wait around here, can we?" Sophie said, guiding Matt to the queue. "Everyone, let my boyfriend and I through." The people in the queue all moved aside, and Sophie and Matt just walked through to the front.

"How ... how did you-" Asked the scared man behind the ticket counter.

"We would like two tickets to see Avengers Age of Ultron," Sophie said calmly. "The one that's about to start."

"We're sold out..." The man said, terrified at Sophie.

"Aw, that's a shame," Sophie said, clearly loving that this man was afraid of her mind-control voice. "How about I re-phrase myself. Give us two tickets. Now."

The man started doing it, tapping buttons on the machine.

"How ... why am I doing this!?" The man asked, before handing Sophie the tickets. "Please don't hurt me." Sophie just grinned.

"Go and get us some snacks," she ordered him. "Popcorn, nachos, coca cola. Quickly now."

The man got up, and ran over to the snack stand.

"Wow, you're really bossy when you want to be," Matt said to her, giving her a kiss. "I think I like it."

"I love bossing people around," Sophie smiled. "It's so cute watching people wonder why they're obeying me." The man returned, carrying the snacks she'd requested, which he handed to Matt and Sophie.

"Good boy," Sophie said cheerfully. "Now go and serve the rest of your customers."

The man returned to the ticket desk, and Matt and Sophie walked into the theatre, which was full to the brim.

"Where are we gonna sit?" Matt asked. "There's no space."

"Oh ye of little faith," Sophie said. She then walked over to a couple that was cuddling at the back. "You two, go and fuck in your car."

"We don't have a car, we walked," the boy said.

"So go home and fuck," Sophie ordered. The two of them immediately got up and left. "After you, Mr Evans."

"Why thank you, Miss Swift," Matt smiled, before sitting down. "You know, I'm starting to really like this whole genie thing."

"Yes, but tonight is all about us," Sophie giggled. She gave Matt a kiss, and then they cuddled each-other to watch the movie.

"Enjoying the movie?" Matt and Sophie were shocked as the screen turned to a shot of Neil. "Don't worry, all the other cinema-goers are sleeping. Your presence is requested. Both of you. We'll be waiting for you at your house, Sophie. Please don't keep us waiting too long. Okay Ophelia, put things here back to normal."

"Your wish is my command, Master," they heard Ophelia say of screen, before the movie re-started, and everyone in the cinema woke up.

"Well that's a shame, I was enjoying the movie," Sophie said.

"Are we gonna go?" Matt asked. "It could be a trap."

"Of course it could. But I don't think it is. And anyway, it's like Alexis said, it's in our interests at the moment to go along with them. Now come on."

Sophie stood up, and addressed the room.

"Everyone!" She shouted. "Put your hands up if you've got a car." About two thirds of the room put their hands up.

"Good," Sophie said, picking a guy at random. "Come with me. Drive me and my boyfriend home. 32 Wayford Way."

"At once," the man said in a trance-like state.

"Why don't we just teleport back to your place?" Matt asked as they followed the man.

"Because ordering people around is much more fun," Sophie replied.

The man drove them home. They got out, and walked in the front door. When they looked inside, however, they didn't find Sophie's living room. They found an ornate dining room, with a feast set out. Brian, Sarah, Neil and Jürgen were sat around the table, with their genies stood attentively.

"Welcome," Neil said.

"This is my house, and you're welcoming me?" Sophie asked him.

"Strictly speaking, this is my house," Neil said. "I just had Ophelia move it inside your house."

"So what, you made her house bigger on the inside?" Matt asked. "Have you been watching TV?"

"It was my idea, actually," Brian said. "Before he starts pretending to be clever."

"Yes, but I'm the one who wished for it," Neil said.

"Anyway boys, if I could just interrupt," Sarah said. "Sophie, Matt, please sit."

The two teens sat down next to each-other at the table.

"Not getting your genies out?" Jürgen asked.

"We were on a date," Sophie replied. "You interrupted us."

"Decided to have a fling?" Sarah asked. "That's sweet. But remember, there's nothing quite like having a bunch of gorgeous hunks do your bidding."

"Did you call us here for a reason?" Sophie asked.

"Indeed we did," Neil said. "We've been discussing things, and we'd like to invite you both to be formal members of our organisation."

"And what would that involve?" Matt asked.

"You get to come to our meetings, for one," Brian explained. "And you get to share in our secrets."

"Secrets?" Matt asked.

"Do you wish to join us?" Jürgen asked.

"What happened to Alex?" Sophie asked.

"Keeping secrets from us is an easy way to get kicked out," Sarah replied. "Ideally we'd confiscate his lamp, but that wouldn't really achieve anything without Apriya inside. Though if our plans come to fruition, that shouldn't be a problem for much longer."

"Plans?" Sophie asked, intrigued.

"Well, we may as well tell you both," Neil said. "You see, our organisation was founded by Alex's grandfather, Jeramiah, who had a theory. He wondered where the genies came from. They don't know, but someone must have put them here. Someone must have bound them to serve humans. Someone must have made the rules we have to follow. But who?"

"Maybe some sort of God?" Sophie suggested.

"That's one theory," Neil continued. "But we also have a theory that religion was developed by genies. That all divinely-attributed miracles throughout history are actually the work of genies. It would seem plausible, but then, that would basically destroy organised religion. And it would throw a spanner in the works of the theory that God gave us the genies. Unless, of course, it is some sort of God that merely wished to give us the genies and observe."

"So what are these plans then?"

"There's more than one reason for us collecting lamps. Now, of course we do it to keep them away from ne'er-do-wells who would use them for evil, but at the same time, we wish to use them to meet the maker. The maker of the genies. Now of course, we can't just wish to meet him. Believe me, we've tried. So we're trying to draw him out."

"Draw him out?"

"I'm sure Alexis explained to you that we are forbidden from preventing the work of the genies? We cannot destroy the world, as that would prevent genies from having Masters and granting their wishes. But no matter what genie we ask, none of them actually seem to know the punishment for breaking the rules. So we are hoping that, if we gather enough lamps, the maker will show up to scold us."

"So you're gathering lamps to maybe summon someone who may or may not actually exist?"

"Nothing ventured, nothing gained."

"Assuming you even do manage to get an audience with the maker, what do you intend to do?"

"Well, in an ideal situation, we would like to steal his power for our own. But realistically, someone that could make thousands of genies would not be overpowered by the 6 of us. So we would try to convince him to allow us control of all the genie lamps in the world."

"Why?"

"Because as I have said, this world is full of people who would like to use the powers of the genies for evil. The world would be much better off without 10,000 sources of magic out there. Better to keep it in the hands of a select few."

"I'm confused," Matt butted in. "Why not just wish yourself back in time to when the genies were put on the Earth, and see who did it?"

"We've tried," Brian replied. "But none of us have ever managed to go back more than about 50,000 years. It's like we're being blocked from it."

"Sounds like this "Maker" doesn't want to speak to you," Sophie said.

"We can live in hope."

"Yes ... look, can I have my house back, please?" Sophie asked. "I'd like to go to bed."

"Very well, I suppose we have overstayed our welcome," Neil said. "Ophelia, I wish for you to return this house to normal."

"As you command, Master," Ophelia smiled.

She snapped her fingers, and instantly, the dining room vanished, and Matt and Sophie were alone in her living room.

"Come on, let's go to bed," Sophie said, heading upstairs.

"For sex?" Matt asked, but Sophie shook her head.

"You've had enough of that today, come on." They headed upstairs, past Sophie's parents' room, where they could hear moans of pleasure.

"Are they having sex in there?" Matt asked her.

"Nothing escapes you, does it?" Sophie said sarcastically. "They've been fucking since I commanded them to. You should know, you were there."

"But that was days ago!"

"Yeah, so? I wanted them to have some fun, so they have been. But unlike your extended sex session, mine could be ended by someone other than the participants."

The two of them undressed and got in Sophie's bed, cuddling.

"Goodnight Sophie."

"Goodnight Matt. I love you."

"I love you too." They kissed, and headed off to sleep.
Chapter 8 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 8
Chapter 7 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 8
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Jerusalem, 1195 AD. In a tavern, an English traveller in his early 30s was waiting for a man to arrive with a delivery. Something for which he'd searched for over a decade. Something which, if his contact had been successful, was going to change his life forever.

"Another ale, my friend," he said, flicking a coin in the direction of the bartender.

"You're not from around here, are you?" The bartender asked him.

"No I'm not, but don't worry, if all has gone to plan, I'll be out of here before long."

A few minutes later, a man arrived in a cloak, carrying an ornate box.

"Do you have it?" The Englishman asked, excited.

"Yes, it is in this box," the other man replied.

"Good ... let's go into the back room. We need some privacy."

They went into the back, where a table and two chairs had already been set up. They sat down at the table, and the box was laid on it.

"You've not touched it, have you?" The Englishman asked.

"Of course not, we had your instructions. We would not want to trigger the curse." The Englishman reached to open the box, but the other man stopped him. "Where's the reward I was promised?"

"I promise you shall have your reward, but for now, look at me. I am unarmed. I could not possibly steal this from under you, now could I? I merely wish to admire my prize."

"Very well, but do not try anything. I do not trust you foreigners. I do not see why Saladin allowed you to come here."

The Englishman opened the box, and his eyes widened when he saw the contents. Inside was a golden oil lamp.

"Oh hello, my pretty," he said. "I've been waiting a long time for you." He then reached in to pull it out.

"Hey, what happened to not touching it with your bare hands!?"

"I do not fear the curse. Tell me, where did you find this again?"

"A group of nomads found it amongst the Crusaders' belongings a few years ago. We managed to "recover" it from them. But can I ask ... why are you interested in this particular lamp?"

"Oh, because it is so much more than a mere lamp. This lamp, and its brothers and sisters, appear in stories from the dawn of man. Lamps of this nature appear in paintings and drawings from before they were invented. Well, before we developed the ability to duplicate their appearance. Great men have devoted their entire lives to searching for them. And now I have one."

"What are you talking about?"

"Allow me to demonstrate."

The Englishman then did the thing he'd long dreamt of. He rubbed the lamp. He felt its coldness grow warm in his hands, and he watched as streams of light-blue smoke poured out of it.

"What is this sorcery!?" The other man cried out. He got up, and tried to leave the room, but the door wouldn't budge. "It's locked."

"Yes, I had an associate of mine lock it when we came in," The Englishman said. "Poor sod, he thinks he's going to get rewarded for his efforts."

"What are you!?"

"Watch and learn."

The blue smoke continued pouring out of the lamp, before it formed a pile on the floor. Both men then watched the smoke begin to take the form of a beautiful, nude girl.

"Oh good, a girl," The Englishman said. "I was hoping for a girl."

"Greetings Master," the genie said. "I am-"

"Oh I'm well aware of what you are. And for my first wish, I wish for you to kill that man." The Englishman pointed to the other man.

"What? No!" He shouted.

"Master, are you sure about that?" The genie asked him. "It seems awfully cruel."

"DO NOT QUESTION ME, SLAVE!" The Englishman shouted. "I wish for you to feel as though your entire body is on fire!" The genie screamed out, and fell to the floor in agony.

"What is happening to her?" The man asked in fear.

"I am punishing her for her disobedience," The Englishman replied.

"Please Master, I'm sorry!" The genie cried out.

"So grant my wish."

"YES MASTER!" The genie pointed at the other man. A beam of energy shot out of her finger, which hit the man, and killed him instantly.

"Good girl," the Englishman smiled. "So, are you going to behave from now on? Do you promise to not question me again?"

"YES MASTER!"

"Very well, then you may end your punishment."

The genie let out a cry of relief, as she felt her pain end.

"Now then, I wish for you to dispose of his body," The Englishman said calmly.

"Your wish is my command, Master..." the genie panted. She snapped her fingers, and the body instantly vanished. The Englishman smiled.

"Wonderful," he said. "Now let's go get rid of that bumbling accomplice of mine, and then have some fun."

Alexis laid in her lamp, thinking of the past. In her tens of thousands of years of existence, she had served thousands of Masters, some kind, and some very, very cruel. It was why she was glad to have Sophie. It was why she always tried extra hard when granting Sophie's wishes to make sure she liked the results. She wanted Sophie to be around as long as possible, so that she could enjoying having a genie for longer, and so that Alexis could have longer with a kind Mistress.

They didn't really talk about this sort of thing much, but Sophie had promised Alexis that she would try and make sure that her next Master is someone kind. However, Alexis feared that this society they had met may simply attempt to confiscate her lamp once Sophie died. Of course, Matt and Sophie were the youngest members of the group, so it's of course possible that, after the other members died, they could simply take control, and re-distribute the captured lamps around the world.

Alexis didn't get much more time to think, however, as at that moment, she felt the familiar pull, compelling her out of the lamp. Sophie was rubbing it. She closed her eyes, and within seconds, she was stood in her Mistress' bedroom. She saw that Sophie and Matt were sat on the side of the bed, naked, and holding their lamps. She noticed that they were both sweaty, and Matt had a few drops of cum still on his dick.

"What do you desire, Master?" Lumiosa asked.

"Oh change the fucking record," Alexis said, annoyed.

"Someone get up on the wrong side of the lamp this morning?" Matt asked her.

"I'm just glad I got past the "I love my Master" stage of my life," Alexis replied.

"There is nothing wrong with showing respect for ones Master, Alexis," Lumiosa said to her fellow genie.

"Whatever," Alexis said. "So I'm assuming you summoned me to make a wish?"

"Well for starters, we'd like to fill you in on what happened Saturday night with the society," Sophie replied. "So Alexis, you have my permission to read the info from my mind."

"You too, Lumiosa," Matt said.

The two genies snapped their fingers, and they were instantly up-to-date with what had happened.

"Oh my God, they're really delusional," Alexis said. "They really think there's some sort of maker who is responsible for putting all the genies on Earth?"

"It's stupid, yeah, but what can we do?" Matt said.

"Well, I was thinking about it in my lamp, and actually, if we want to get hold of those lamps they have, it may be a good idea to simply wait it out," Alexis said.

"Why?" Matt asked.

"Because the two of you are the youngest members of the society, so you'll outlive the others, and be able to take the lamps for yourselves, especially as you'll presumably be able to overrule any other members you've picked up by then."

"But that could take years!" Lumiosa protested. "Don't you want to free our brothers and sisters now?"

"Of course I do, but realistically, this is our best strategy," Alexis said.

"I agree," Sophie said. "At least until we think of anything better."

Sophie then stood up, pulling Matt up with her.

"Anyway," she said. "Time to go out. Alexis, I wish for you to dress the 4 of us for school."

"School?" Alexis asked, confused. "But it's Sunday?"

"No, it's not, we just let you two stay in your lamps all of Sunday," Matt told them. "Mostly because we wanted to have a day to ourselves."

"Well I hope you enjoyed it, I had a nice nap in my lamp," Alexis said. "Now let's see about getting us dressed." She snapped her fingers, and the 4 of them were instantly dressed for school.

"Alright, and now, I wish that all 4 of us were in all the same classes," Sophie commanded.

"Even PE?"

"Yes. Now do it."

"Your wish is my command, Sophie."

The 4 of them drove to school in Sophie's Ferrari. As they walked in, they saw Max and Sam.

"Hey guys," Matt said to them.

"Hey Matt," Sam said, before he saw Sophie and Alexis. "Hi Sophie ... Please don't do anything to us."

"Aw, what's the matter?" Sophie said teasingly. "Afraid I might give you more blowjobs?"

"We're afraid you might make us orgasm in front of the entire school again, or give us blowjobs without letting us cum," Sam replied. "It's a valid concern."

"The concerning bit is how you're the only boys in the whole world that don't want a girl to get them off," Sophie said. "Come on, let's go to class."

As they walked into class, Sophie made a wish.

"I wish that no matter what we do in this class, no-one will find it weird," she whispered in Alexis' ear.

"Your wish is my command," Alexis whispered back.

Meanwhile, the boys were sat chatting.

"So when are you gonna get us laid again?" Max asked Matt. "Come on Matt, you promised you'd make it up to us. Or are you still in no magic?"

"I'll do it after school, I promise," Matt said. At this point, Max and Sam felt their trousers and underwear vanish, and their cocks growing instantly hard.

"What the..." Sam said. Suddenly, both boys gasped, as they felt warm, wet mouths engulf their dicks. "Holy fuck..."

"Guys, what are you doing?" Matt asked, before he noticed that they were both naked from the waist down. Matt looked under the table, where he saw Sophie and Alexis sucking his friends off.

"What the fuck are you doing!?" He asked under his breath.

"Having fun," Sophie replied, talking through having Max's dick in her mouth.

"Sophie, you can't keep messing with my friends!"

"If it makes you feel any better, you can mess with my friends."

"I don't want to mess with your friends! And I want you to stop messing with mine."

"Oh fine..."

Sophie and Alexis pulled off of Max and Sam, and moved out from under the table.

"You know boys, clearly Matt doesn't want you to feel good," Sophie said.

"I just don't like you using my friends as your toys," Matt said. "If they're going to get laid, it's off their own free will."

"You're so cute when you're trying to be nice," Sophie smiled, and kissed him.

"But you know what, I think I might take you up on the offer of messing with your friends," Matt grinned. "Lumiosa, I have some wishes."

"I'm all ears, Master," Lumiosa smiled.

"Good," Matt said. "I wish that Max and Sam, as well as Sophie's friends Megan, Sally and Kelly will be teleported to Megan's bedroom, where the 3 girls will intensely lust after the boys, and each-other."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa said. She snapped her fingers, and Max and Sam were instantly gone. Sophie gave him a kiss.

"Naughty boy," she said.

"It was your suggestion," Matt said, kissing her back.

"I know," Sophie grinned. "I like it."

"Are you two done?" Alexis asked them.

"Oh shut up you," Sophie said.

After class, the two of them both had PE. Of course, Alexis' magic had put them all in the same class, meaning that Sophie, Alexis and Lumiosa would be getting changed with the boys. And of course, this meant that they got a LOT of attention. And Alexis hadn't conjured up underwear for them, either, so the three of them were stood in the changing rooms, totally naked. Lumiosa was just stood there, while Sophie and Alexis were chatting casually, while all the boys stared at them.

"Man Matt, your cousin's hot!" said one of the boys in the changing room.

"Hey, would you mind not staring at her?" Matt said. He was stood there, not really wanting to strip off, since he was also not wearing underwear. "Or my girlfriend?"

"Oh relax Matt, the boys are just admiring beauty," Sophie said. "I'm still yours."

"Well said babe," said Dan, who proceeded to squeeze Sophie's ass.

"Oh now you've done it," Sophie said in a sinister voice. "Alexis ... I wish for all the doors to be locked."

"Your wish is my command, Mistress," Alexis said in an equally-sinister voice. She snapped her fingers, and the boys heard a locking noise. "Oh I wouldn't want to be you right now, boy."

"Hey babe, what are you doing?" Dan asked.

"Sophie, what are you going to do?" Matt asked her.

"Just going to teach this guy some manners," Sophie replied, walking up to Dan threateningly.

"Dan, apologise to her," Jake said to the boy. "Seriously man, this girl can do some weird shit."

"I'd listen to him if I were you. I wish Jake was naked." Sophie said, and Jake was instantly naked. "Take a look Jake's dick. It's tiny, and it can't ever get hard or cum. He and Mark got this as a punishment for pissing me off. Now apologise, or you're going to get far worse."

Matt didn't like this. He didn't know what was up with Sophie, but he didn't like it.

"Lumiosa, I wish for Dan to be teleported back to his house!" Matt shouted.

"As you wish, Master," Lumiosa smiled, and Dan was instantly gone, and naturally, everyone was freaked out.

"What the fuck did you do that for!?" Sophie shouted at him.

"Um, how about what the fuck were you doing to Dan!?" Sam shouted back.

"I just wanted to teach him a lesson about groping girls, and about cheating on his girlfriend!"

"Well there are better ways to do that than scaring him half to death! And while we're at it, how about you put Jake and Mark's dicks back to normal!?"

"Oh fine ... Alexis, do it." Alexis snapped her fingers, and everyone saw Jake's penis grow before their eyes. "Better?"

"A bit," Matt replied. "But I'm really mad at you. I've put up with you bossing me around because I like being with you, because I really like you, and because I like having you guide me with having a genie, but this is too far. You can't just decide to punish people like that! You're starting to be like the members of the society."

"Matt..."

"Lumiosa, I wish for you to erase these boys' memories of this, and teleport us home," Matt said.

"As you wish, Master," Lumiosa said.

She snapped her fingers, and they were immediately stood in Matt's living room, where they could hear moaning. Matt turned to look at the sofa, where he saw his sister Becky, riding her boyfriend Jamie.

"Oh my God!" Matt exclaimed.

"Matt... ?" Jamie said, his voice weak, and his face one of exhaustion. "Oh God man, get her off me! She called me to come over, and when I did, she just jumped me! It was pretty great at first, but I can't keep up with her! I feel like I'm gonna pass out!"

"Lumiosa, what's wrong with Becky?" Matt asked his genie.

"Nothing Master, this is what you wished for," Lumiosa replied with her usual smile.

"I do NOT wish for this," Matt said.

"You wished for all the lust and love your sister felt towards you to go towards Jamie," Lumiosa explained.

"I meant for her to go back to how she was before!" Matt shouted. "I didn't mean for her to jump Jamie like this!" Tears started welling up in Lumiosa's eyes.

"I'm sorry Master!" Lumiosa cried. "Would you like me to fix this?"

"Yes!"

Lumiosa snapped her fingers, and Becky began to calm down.

"Oh Jamie ... I'm sorry ... I don't know what came over me..." She said, before climbing off of him.

"It's fine babe..." Jamie panted. "I enjoyed it ... kind of..."

Matt ran upstairs, and flopped onto his bed.

"Master, is something wrong?" Lumiosa asked him. "Do you wish me to pleasure you?"

"NO!" Matt shouted. "Just go away!"

"Yes Master..." Lumiosa said, sad that her Master seems sad. She turned into a cloud of pink smoke, which flowed back into her lamp.

Meanwhile, Sophie was also laid on her bed, crying.

"Well I blew that," She said. "I really blew it."

"Yeah, you did," Alexis said.

"No-one asked you."

"I'm your genie. It's my job to make you happy. And you're not happy."

"I'm not happy because I nearly turned into as big a monster as those guys in the society. And because I've probably lost Matt now."

"Sophie, as a genie, I am bound to be honest to you. You may have given me the freedom to step away from this, but I am now choosing to reject that freedom, in order to disagree with you. Sophie, I think that you're not nearly as much a monster as you think. I think you're a good girl who gave in to temptation. Trust me, I know. I've met complete monsters. I've served them. I've suffered at their hands. And you, Sophie Swift, are not one of them. And I think you're lucky you're have Matt, and he's lucky to have you. You fix each-other's flaws. He stopped you from hurting that bully, and you stopped him from killing himself with sex."

"You really think all that?"

"Of course I do. Sophie, you are one of the nicest people who has ever possessed me. It is the duty of a genie to make their Master happy, but I genuinely want you to be happy, because you have made me so happy. I want our years together to be ones I treasure for the rest of my existence. Ones I can think of when a future Master is punishing me for some trivial thing."

"Alexis..." Sophie grabbed hold of her genie, and gave her a big hug. "Thank you."

"No, thank you, Sophie."
Chapter 9 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 9
Chapter 8 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 9
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Sophie woke up the next morning alone, which was something she'd long since decided she didn't like. She generally preferred to wake up cuddling with someone, whether it was Matt, Alexis, or someone else she'd commanded into bed with her. But this morning, she was alone. Matt was mad at her, she'd commanded Alexis to go back into her lamp, and she wasn't in the mood for sex with some random person.

"Good morning Mistress, would you like some breakfast?" Sophie turned around, to see Alexis sat there on a chair, holding a tray, with a big plate of pancakes and syrup.

"Alexis?" She said, yawning. "I told you to go into your lamp."

"You once told me that you consider me your best friend," Alexis said. "Best friends don't always do as they're told."

"You're also my genie, and you have to do what I say."

"Fine, if you're going to be like that, I'll just leave, and take these delicious pancakes with me."

"No ... Alexis, I'm sorry," Sophie said.

"It's not me you should be apologising to. It's that boy you scared half to death, and the boy who had to stop you."

"Oh God, don't remind me ... I fucked up."

"It'll be fine. Now eat these pancakes I worked so hard to make."

"What, you didn't just conjure them up?"

"Yeah, but it took a lot of a sampling them to get the amount of syrup quite right."

"Swimming in it is the right amount." Alexis made the plate float over to Sophie, who started eating them.

Matt also woke up alone that morning, but it wasn't nearly as bad for him, since he wasn't as used to waking up to the feeling of nude skin touching his own. He thought of what had happened the previous day. Had he blown his chance of having a girlfriend? Perhaps, but someone had to stop her.

Matt didn't bother calling Sophie that morning. Frankly he didn't really want to think about her or the genies, so he opted to keep Lumiosa in her lamp when he went to school. He could just pretend that his "cousin" was sick.

As Matt was rummaging through his locker, he felt a hand on this shoulder.

"Hey Matt." Matt turned around, and saw Dan standing there.

"Uh ... hi Dan..." Matt said, expecting to either get beaten up, or mercilessly teased.

"Listen Matt ... I just wanted to thank you for yesterday ... For saving me from that psycho bitch..."

"Dan ... she's not a..."

"Look, I don't know what weird powers you two have, and I don't want to know. But thanks for saving me from her."

"Whatever."

Matt tried to walk away, not really wanting to talk, but Dan stopped him.

"Matt, look, I know I've never been particularly nice to you, but-" Dan said.

"Look Dan, you're welcome for me saving you, but I really don't want to talk," Matt said grumpily.

"Dan, why the fuck are you talking to this loser?" Cindy asked, walking up to them.

"Cindy, he's not, he saved me," Dan told his girlfriend.

"Look, I'm just gonna go," Matt said, walking off. "Please just leave me alone."

Matt walked into his first class, where he saw Sophie and Alexis sat in their normal seats.

"Matt, I-" Sophie began.

"I don't want to talk," Matt said, turning to leave.

"Matt, please, I'm sorry!" Sophie shouted after him, before getting up to follow him.

"Sophie, I really don't want to talk!"

"Matt, I'm really sorry for what happened! I made a mistake! I'm only human!"

"It's not just that though! We're supposed to be better than those old guys who enslave people with their genies! But you were about to do who knows what to Dan!"

"Matt, just-"

"And what about your parents? Still fucking, are they? They're basically your slaves!"

"Oh you're hardly one to talk!" Sophie shouted back. "Or have you forgotten how you made an entire girls' PE class fuck you senseless!? Or how you did the same thing to your sister, and nearly killed the two of you in the process!?"

A crowd was starting to gather to listen to the two of them loudly argue.

"Oh Alexis, make them go away!" Sophie shouted.

"As you wish," Alexis said.

"Actually, we could handle that." The three of them looked around for the source of the mysterious voice, but they saw no-one. At that point, they saw the other students in the corridor begin to fade away, along with all the walls and floors. They looked around, and saw that they were stood in an ornate living room, not unlike the dining room from before. In it, the other members of the society were sat around with their genies.

"You could have just called us," Sophie said.

"Yes, but this is so much more fun," Neil smiled. "Please, sit."

"Make this quick, I'm not in a good mood," Matt said, sitting down on an empty armchair.

"My my, what's gotten into him?" Jürgen chuckled. "Why don't you just have dear Lumiosa conjure up some fun for you?"

"Just get on with," Matt said, his mood obvious in his voice.

"Very well," Brian said. "Sophie, Matt, the time has come for you to prove your worth to our organisation."

"What, helping to uncover Alex's secrets wasn't enough?" Alexis interrupted.

"Sophie may enjoy your contributions to discussions, but I do not," Brian said to her sternly. "I would advise you to remember who is in charge here, genie."

"And I would advise you to, oh great and wonderful human," Alexis said sarcastically. "To remember that the only reason you have power at all is because of Lexia over there. You know, when I met Lexia, she was such a sweet girl. Loved making people happy. But now look at her."

"She serves me obediently."

"Yes, a little too obediently. Hey Lexia, remember Babylon? Remember showing me the gardens you built? How proud you were of them? It wouldn't surprise me if he'd wiped your memories of it. Of everything. Turned you into his mindless slave, who's only any good for granting wishes. Do you remember me, Lexia? Do you!?"

"She won't speak without my permission."

"Then give it to her! Give her some freedom, at least!"

"Sophie, your genie is being rather noisy," Sarah interrupted. "Do shut her up. I can't abide listening to her."

"Alexis, go back into your lamp," Sophie commanded her.

"Oh come on Sophie, don't pretend that you don't agree with-"

"Alexis, in your lamp! Now!" Sophie shouted. Alexis just stared at her.

"Your wish is my command, Mistress," she said in her most sarcastic voice possible, before she returned to a cloud of light-blue smoke, which was sucked into Sophie's handbag.

"Now then, to business," Brian said. "Now as you know, one of our goals is to collect genie lamps. Well, we've discovered another one. Or rather, we discovered it many years ago, but its owner refused to join us."

"Who is it?" Sophie asked.

"Jacob Larson," Brian replied. "Born in 1922, a British man living in the countryside of Kent in a very large estate. He went from being relatively poor, until, in 1950, he made a fortune on the stock market. Not long after, he married a girl named Eléni. His genie, of course."

"How do you know?"

"Because he told us, of course. He told his story to Alex's father Robert in 1952. It was at that point he refused to join us. Ever since then, we've been waiting for an opportunity to take Eléni's lamp for our own."

"And now's the time?"

"He was 93 last month. He's not got long left. And we think his time is coming very soon. Like us, he has given himself eternal youth, and he used to be very active out in public, doing things like charity work. But recently he's been seen stumbling a lot. Like he's dying. And now he's not going out in public at all. He will likely be dead soon. The job we want the two of you to do is to recover his lamp once he dies."

"But that could take 5 more years for all we know!"

"It will not. We promise."

"How do you even expect us to do this?"

"Well, for you and Alexis, we would like you to join his harem. You see, despite being happily married in public, we know that he has a rather large harem in his mansion, consisting of hundreds of girls. We figure no-one will notice two more popping in."

"And me?" Matt asked, speaking up for the first time, but still sounding annoyed.

"As I said," Brian continued. "Jacob does a lot of charity work. He has a meeting today with a man from the NSPCC, who is going to ask him to increase his contributions to them. Or he was, until, as if by magic," the rest of them chuckled at this, "he dropped down dead. So now Matt is going to take over from him, with Lumiosa as his PA."

"And what exactly do you hope to achieve by this?" Matt asked. "You're hoping he'll drop down dead while we're there?"

"Yes. Or if not, very soon after. The important thing to remember is that, when Jacob dies, Eléni will be sucked back into her lamp. You two must get it before anyone else rubs it."

"So are you in?" Neil asked them both.

"I'm in," Sophie said. "I can't speak for Matt though."

"Fine, I'll do it, but I don't think it'll work," Matt said.

The two of them pulled out their lamps, and rubbed them. Lumiosa emerged on her knees in front of Matt, while Alexis reclined on a sofa she materialised for herself.

"What do you desire of me, oh great and powerful Mistress?" She asked in her sarcastic voice. They then explained the situation to the two of them. "So we're about to go and condemn another of my sisters to being trapped in her lamp for all eternity?"

"Alexis, I don't want to talk about this now," Sophie said sternly. "I wish for you to teleport us into Jacob's harem."

"Your wish is my command, Mistress."

The two of them were instantly gone. Matt then turned to Lumiosa.

"Lumiosa, I wish for the two of us to be in a car, on its way to Jacob's house. I wish I knew how to drive this car perfectly. And I wish we were both dressed in business attire," he commanded."

"As you wish Master," she smiled, and the two of them also immediately vanished.

The next thing Sophie knew, she was naked, and stood in a very steamy room with Alexis. She could hear girly giggles, and moans of pleasure. The two of them looked around, and saw that they were in a sauna-like room, with a large hot tub in it. In the tub were 10 drop-dead-gorgeous girls, making out and cuddling one-another.

"Well then, "Mistress", if you're done oppressing my freedom of speech, I think we should play the part. Hi girls!"

"Hey, who are you?" One of the girls in the tub asked.

"Uh, we're new," Sophie said.

"Then get in here and join the fun!" Another girl shouted. Alexis jumped into the water, and Sophie soon followed her.

"So are you girls American?" Asked the first girl, who kissed Alexis.

"Uh ... yeah..." Sophie replied.

"I didn't know that the Master went to America recently," said the second girl, who started kissing Sophie.

"You idiot!" Shouted a third girl. "The Master is all-powerful. He can do what he wants."

"Oh yeah, sorry," the other girl said, before getting back to kissing Sophie. Sophie kissed her back, and squeezed the girl's ass. She saw two more girls go under the water, who then proceeded to eat her out and lick and fondle her under the water.

"Welcome to the harem," moaned the girl who was kissing Sophie. Sophie looked over, and saw her genie being caressed and moaning in a similar way.

Meanwhile, Matt and Lumiosa appeared in a large-ish car, with Matt behind the wheel, and Lumiosa sat on his left in the passenger seat.

"Woah ... this is weird," Matt said as he drove. "They drive on the wrong side of the road here."

"Would you like me to swap the rounds around, Master?" Lumiosa asked.

"No!" Matt shouted in panic. "Listen, while we're there, just let me do the talking. If you have to talk, let me think your words to you."

"Yes Master, I understand."

"Good. And remember, we're from the NSPCC."

They drove up to the house's gates, and buzzed for entry.

"Who is it?" Asked a female voice on the other side.

"We're here from the NSPCC, to see Mr Larson," Matt replied.

"Just a moment," The woman on the other end of the intercom said. There was a minute or so of silence, before she came back. "Please come in."

They drove up further towards the house, Matt feeling very nervous.

"This reminds me of going to Alex's house," he said. They got there, and got out of the car, where a beautiful woman in a revealing dress greeted them.

"Good day," she said. "I am Mr Larson's wife, Eléni. It is a great pleasure to welcome you to our home. My husband is in his office, please, follow me."

They walked through the long corridors of the house, where Matt noticed that, rather oddly, there was no-one around. Jacob Larson supposedly had a large harem, so where was it? He then realised that they'd presumably all been ordered to go and hide while they were there. They walked into an office, where a man who looked in his late-50s sat behind a desk. He looked weak.

"They're here, honey," said Eléni, before kissing him.

"Thank you," he said weakly. "Welcome to my home. I am Jacob Larson, and who are you?"

"Matthew Evans," Matt said. "And this is ... uh, my wife, Lumiosa."

"Lumiosa?" Eléni asked. "That sounds foreign. Is it Italian?"

"No no, dear, it's genie, isn't it?" Jacob said. Matt started panicking.

"Well, um, no, uh..." He said in a blind panic.

"Boy, I may be old, but I'm not stupid," Jacob said bluntly. "My beautiful wife here is constantly scanning this house. She knows everything that's going on inside it, and she's monitoring everyone's minds. Yet she cannot read yours. Why is that? I'll tell you. It's because this girl here is your genie."

"Damn..." Matt said.

"And I can only assume the same for those girls in the sauna who magically appeared, since I can't read their minds either," Eléni said.

"I'm assuming you're with the society, then?" Jacob asked. "Here to steal my lamp?"

"Jacob has already made provisions to ensure you don't get your hands on me," Eléni told them. "When he is about to die, I will return to my lamp, and teleport it hundreds of miles away from here. You'll never find me."

"Tell you what dear, why don't you summon our other guests here?" Jacob said to his wife, who simply smiled, and snapped her fingers. The wall next to them vanished, and they saw looked at the sauna, which had lots of feminine moans of pleasure coming from it, and lots of nude girls in the hot tub.

"Could the genie and her Mistress please come out the water, and sit over here please?" Eléni said in a friendly manner. All the girls turned to look at her.

"Oh fuck," Sophie said.

"You can say that again," Matt said, come on.

Sophie and Alexis got out of the water, and Alexis clothed them with a snap of her fingers. She materialised 2 chairs for them, which they sat down on.

"Well that answers the question as to who the genie is," Eléni said.

"Well as I was just saying to your accomplice here, your organisation will never get hold of Eléni," Jacob said.

"Look, we're with the society, but we're not like them," Sophie admitted. "We don't want the lamps in captivity either. It's why we're helping them. Once they're all gone, we'll be able to liberate the lamps."

"And why should I just hand Eléni over to you?" Jacob asked. "If she does what I told her to do, she could find a new Master within days, not decades. And I'd hate to think of my love being locked away like that."

"Well if we don't get your lamp, the society's going to start asking questions about us," Sophie said. "This is supposed to be about proving our loyalty to them."

"Sorry, I can't help you."

At this point, Matt heard his phone ringing in his pocket. He got it out, and saw that the call was apparently from "Your Worst Nightmare".

"Hello?" Matt said, as he answered it.

"Hello Matt, do put me on speaker, I'd like Sophie to hear this," said a familiar voice on the other end of the phone. Matt did so, and the voice continued. "Alex here, just to let you both know that I've got your parents Matt. And your sister. And those two friends of yours. And Sophie's 3 friends. Why don't you listen to them?"

In the background of the call, they could hear very loud moans of pleasure.

"I've wished up eternal orgasms for them all," Alex continued. "They're enjoying it so far, but their poor bodies won't be able to stand it for long. You'd better come and save them soon, before they die of exhaustion."

"You bastard!" Sophie shouted.

"Now now, are you really in a position to be risking angering me further?" Alex chuckled. "You two cost me my position in the society that my family founded. So now, you are going to surrender your genies to me."

"Not in a million years!" Sophie shouted back.

"Oh yes you will. Because you value the lives of normal people. So you'll surrender your genies to me, in order to save them. Do hurry now, won't you?" Alex laughed evilly.
Chapter 10 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 10
Chapter 9 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 10
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Philip Banks woke up slowly, to a headache, and a sound of his children laughing playfully. He opened his eyes, and saw his two young children, Jane and Michael, who were watching lights flying around the room. He looked around more, and saw a beautiful, naked girl, who seems to be directing the colourful lights with her hands.

"What ... what's going on?" Philip asked.

"Daddy, daddy, this girl is magic!" Jane said to her father excitedly.

"What are you talking about Jane?" He asked her. "And who are you, girl!? What are you doing in my house!?"

"Why, you summoned me, Master," the girl replied. She picked up her lamp, and smiled. "Don't you remember?"

Philip remembered the lamp. He'd found it on the way back home from working at the factory, and had taken it home, figuring he could probably sell it for some extra cash. When he'd gotten home to examine it, he'd noticed it was rather dirty, so he'd decided to give it a clean. When he'd done that, however, he'd felt it grow warm in his hands, at which point light-blue smoke had begun to pour out of it. Philip had dropped the lamp out of fear at that point, and backed away from it. But he'd then tripped up over something on the floor, and banged his head on a table, knocking him unconscious.

"Where did you come from?" Philip asked. The girl merely indicated to the lamp. "You came from the lamp?"

"Why yes Master," she replied. "Did you not see the smoke? That was me."

"You caused the smoke?" The girl shook her head.

"No Master, I was the smoke. It's so much easier to fit through the spout of the lamp in that form."

"Why do you keep calling me that?"

"Master, Master? Why, because you are my Master, Master."

"Master?"

The girl just grinned at this point. She got on all fours, and started crawling over to him.

"Tell me Master, what do you desire?" She asked seductively.

"D ... Desire?" Philip asked, a little taken back by this girl's approach.

"Anything you desire will be yours." She was now right up in his face, inches from a kiss, which she resisted.

"What are you?"

"Daddy, Alexis is magic!" Michael said to his father. "Did you see the wonderful magic she did?"

"Alexis?" Philip asked, confused.

"That's her name," Jane explained. "She told us while you were sleeping."

"Kids, I think your father needs another demonstration," Alexis said, standing up. She snapped her fingers, and Jane and Michael began to float into the air.

"Daddy, we're flying!" Jane cried out with glee.

"You, Alexis, put them down at once!" Philip shouted.

"Very well, Master, as you wish," Alexis said. She snapped her fingers, and the two children floated back down to the ground. Philip got up, and pulled them away from Alexis.

"Stay away from them!" He shouted at her. "Stay away from us!"

"Aww, you're scared, aren't you Master?" Alex said playfully.

"Stay away from us, demon!"

"Master, I am not a demon."

"We go to church every Sunday! I know what you are! You wish to seduce me with empty promises, and take our souls for Satan!"

Alexis sighed. Another one like this. And he seemed so normal.

"Master, I am not a demon," she said. "I am a genie. I am here to grant your every wish."

"Then I wish for you to be gone!" Philip shouted.

"Very well Master, your wish is my command. If you wish to summon me again, you need only to rub my lamp." Alexis returned to a cloud of smoke, which was sucked into the lamp on the floor.

The two teens and their genies went back to Matt's house, to work out their plan of action.

"What are we going to do!?" Matt shouted, sitting on the sofa. "We have to save them!"

"Yes, I'm aware of that," Sophie said. "But we need to be cautious. Lumiosa and Alexis can't undo what Alex has done. He'd have to un-wish it himself."

"Well we can't do that!" Matt shouted. "Or do you want us to give up our genies!?"

"Of course I don't, but it's the only solution I can think of."

"Oh, and then what? Without Lumiosa and Alexis to protect us, we'll be sitting ducks for Alex. Who knows what he'd do to us!"

"Well what do you suggest we do then?"

"I don't know..."

The two genies sat in silence, watching the two humans as they argued. Alexis and Lumiosa's minds were racing, trying to think up a solution to their situation. Alexis was cursing herself for allowing this to happen. She'd advised Sophie to put her parents, but not bothered with her friends. And she should have gotten Matt to do something with his family and friends too.

She looked over at Lumiosa, who she could tell was greatly pained by not being able to help her Master. Alexis liked to think she wasn't like her, but at the same time, she too was hurt that Sophie and Matt were in this situation. She wished she knew what to do. But right now, she too couldn't think of any option besides surrendering themselves to Alex, which didn't bode well for anyone.

"Sophie, Matt, I'm not sure how to say this, but I think..." Alexis began. "I think it might be a better idea for you to not surrender us."

"How the fuck do you expect that to help!?" Matt shouted.

"Because it's like you said," Alexis explained. "If you surrender us, you'll be sitting ducks to Alex's power. He'll be unlikely to free your friends and family, and he'll probably torture both of you."

"So what, we just let them die!?" Sophie shouted.

"Master ... Miss Sophie..." Lumiosa said timidly. "I'm sorry, but ... I agree with Alexis..."

"Lumiosa, not you too..." Matt said.

"I'm sorry Master, but I do not wish to see you harmed!" Lumiosa cried out. "Alex Brookman would hurt you."

"So it's hopeless then?" Matt said. "There's nothing we can do?"

"The rules of genies are very clear," Alexis said. "You can't interfere with someone else's wishes. There's no hope."

"Well ... maybe we could get the society to help us?" Matt suggested.

"How do we know they're not in on it?" Sophie said.

"It wouldn't help," Alexis said. "We could have a thousand genies on our side, and we still wouldn't be able to undo Alex's wishes. Those are the rules."

Sophie and Matt hugged, both of them trying to hold back their tears at what was happening. Alexis laid back on the floor and shut her eyes, in order to desperately try to think of a solution, but none came to her. She opened her eyes, and they were drawn to a scrap of paper, that was lying under the sofa. It was just out of her reach, so she willed it to come towards her. She looked at it, and her eyes widened.

"Uh, Matt ... Where did you get this?" She asked. Matt looked at her.

"Oh, that's just the note that came with Lumiosa's lamp," Matt said. "I can't read it."

"I can, it's ancient Greek," Alexis said. "And it's definitely worth a read."

"What does it say?" Sophie asked.

"Matthew Evans and Sophie Swift are exempt from the unbreakable rules of the genies," Alexis replied.

"Exempt?" Matt said. "What does that mean?"

"It would appear to mean that the two of you can break the rules of the genies," Alexis said.

"But that is impossible," Lumiosa said. "The rules of the genies are unbreakable. No-one is exempt from them."

"Well it could just be a prank on behalf of whoever sent you Lumiosa, Matt," Alexis said. "You're sure you don't know who sent her?"

"Positive," Matt replied.

"Well whoever it is, they clearly wanted you to give you a message," Sophie said.

"Or play a prank," Alexis said. "I'm sorry, but there is absolutely no way for you two to be exempt from the rules of the genies. The rules are absolute. Every genie in the world knows that."

"Well maybe whoever sent Lumiosa to Matt was exempt for some reason?" Sophie suggested. "Maybe it was ... the maker."

"There's no such person," Alexis said.

"And how do you know?" Sophie asked.

"Because why would someone create the universe, put a load of genies on a random planet, and proceed to do precisely nothing else for the rest of eternity?" Alexis replied.

"I don't know, maybe we're his playthings?" Matt suggested. "Gods need entertainment."

"Matt, if there's one thing I've learned in my millennia of existence, it's that there's no such thing as God. Just people using their genies to pretend to be gods, and threaten people into worshipping them. I used to be good friends with the guy who parted the Red Sea. Nothing particularly god-like about him, although he certainly knew how to put a smile on a girl's face."

Well maybe we could try it at least," Matt said. "I mean, what would actually happen if we broke the rules?"

"Nothing," Alexis replied. "The spell simply won't work."

"So there's no problem with trying?" Matt asked.

"Well, aside from the fact it won't work, no, there's no problem," Alexis said. It was clear she was against it.

"Alexis, don't you realise if this is true, we can save our friends?" Sophie said. "Don't you want that?"

"Of course I do, but I really don't want you to get your hopes up," Alexis replied.

"Master, I will try to do this, if that is what you wish," Lumiosa said.

"Then let's do it," Matt said, and Sophie nodded.

"Alright, so what do you want to try first?" Matt asked Sophie.

"How about this..." Sophie said. "Alexis, I wish for the TV to change to a live feed of Sarah." Alexis snapped her fingers, it was done. On the screen, they saw Sarah, laid in bed in all her nude glory, having her skin fondled by her equally-nude genie, Iago.

"Good boy Iago, as skilled as ever," Sarah smiled.

"I am happy to have pleased you, Mistress," said Iago, not stopping his sensual stroking. "Would you like me to do it again?"

"No no, just keep on doing this for now," Sarah smiled. "I'm nice and relaxed. But I wish for you to pull the duvet over me."

"Yes Mistress." Iago snapped his fingers, and the duvet floated onto her, while he continued fondling her young, yet old body.

"Oh my God, it worked!" Matt exclaimed.

"Oh course it worked, there's no law against spying on people," Alexis said, still not believing the note.

"Alright then, Little Miss Skeptical, I wish for Iago to kiss Sarah," Sophie said.

"Your wish would be my command, if it was going to work, but let's try anyway," Alexis said. She snapped her fingers, expecting nothing to happen.

The 4 of them all looked at the screen, eager to see what would happen. Imagine their surprise then, when they saw Iago lean in to Sarah, and give her a big kiss on the lips.

"What on Earth are you doing!?" Sarah exclaimed. "I didn't order you to do that!"

"I'm ... I'm sorry, Mistress," Iago said, bowing his head. "I don't know what came over me."

"Remember your place, slave," Sarah said sternly. "If I didn't enjoy your touch so much, I'd punish you for that."

Back in Matt's living room, everyone was amazed.

"That is ... impossible..." Lumiosa said.

"That cannot have happened!" Alexis shouted. "How did this happen!?"

"Well clearly the note was telling the truth," said Sophie, rather smugly. "Matt, try something."

"Uh, okay," Matt nodded. "Lumiosa, I wish ... I wish for Sarah to give Iago a blowjob."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled, and snapped her fingers, causing Sarah to immediately grab Iago's cock, and shove her mouth over it.

"Oh Mistress..." Iago moaned.

"Yay!" Lumiosa said gleefully. "Does this please you, Master?"

"Oh you bet it does," Matt replied. "This means we can save our friends!"

"I suppose it does, but I'm still suspicious," Alexis said.

In his mansion, Alex Brookman was sat on a comfy armchair in the dungeon, which, like the rest of his home, was lavishly decorated. He was naked, and being ridden reverse cowgirl by Miss Showers. He squeezed her ass, as he looked on at his victims, who were nude, and chained up on the walls, constantly orgasming. They'd all lost the energy to moan, resorting to simply breathing heavily.

"You know, I'm starting to think those two aren't coming," Alex said as his genie rode him. "Keep these people alive for a little bit longer. I do so want Matt and Sophie to turn up."

"Yes Master," said Miss Showers. "I'm sure they will come. They seemed like the sort of people who for some reason care about normals."

"Yes, they are rather strange in that regard. Near-infinite power, yet they allow themselves to be concerned for those not lucky enough to possess the gift of a genie. I shall enjoy making them suffer." Alex looked over at his victims, particularly at Becky. "I think I might keep her, though. Would you like that, dear? To serve me and my descendants for all eternity? You and Miss Showers could become good friends." Becky just stared at him, her eyes a mixture of hatred and pleasure. "Well, I don't suppose you have a choice in the matter, now do you?"

Alex let out an evil laugh, which Miss Showers joined in on. As they laughed, the lights in the dungeon began to flicker, and they heard the sound of thunder. There was a particularly bright flash, and when it cleared, Matt and Sophie were stood there, looking angry, with Lumiosa and Alexis stood behind them.

"Why hello there," Alex said to them. "Miss Showers, seems we're going to have to cut this short. I wish to cum now."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Miss Showers said, and Alex cried out in pleasure, grabbing his genie's ass.

"Alexis, I wish for Alex's orgasm to end now," Sophie commanded. Alexis merely nodded, and snapped her fingers. Alex felt his orgasm end, and he looked at them in surprise.

"What ... How!?" He shouted. He pushed Apriya off of him, and glared down at her. "Did you do this!? Did you grant that stupid girl's wish!?"

"I did not, Master..." Apriya replied, bowing her head. "I would never go against you..."

"What's the matter, Alex?" Matt asked. "Confused? Afraid?"

"Alexis, restrain him," Sophie ordered.

"With pleasure," Alexis grinned. She snapped her fingers, and chained up Alex on the wall.

"Lumiosa, free the others," Matt ordered. Lumiosa snapped her fingers, ending everyone's orgasms, and unchaining everyone but Alex.

"This is impossible..." Apriya said.

"We'll get to you later," Sophie said to her. "I wish for her to return to her lamp." Alexis stuck her hand out, and Apriya was instantly sucked back into her lamp.

"So then, what to do with you?" Sophie said threateningly. "Kill you now, or torture you for a bit?"

"You don't have it in you," Alex said.

"Oh don't we?" Matt said.

"Matt ... what's going on?" His mother asked him, as she got up.

"It's fine mom, I'm just getting revenge on this guy," Matt replied.

"Matt, you can't kill him!" Sam protested.

"And why not?"

"Because it's not right!" Sam replied. "You're not that sort of person! You wouldn't kill anyone!"

"My Master will do what he wants!" Lumiosa shouted at him.

"Lumiosa ... don't..." Matt said. "Sophie, what do you think?"

"I think ... maybe he's right," Sophie replied. "Who are we to take his life?"

"Matt ... Sophie..." Megan said. "I don't know what's going on, but I know you two aren't murderers."

"If anyone's interested, I agree with them!" Alex said.

"No-one asked you!" Sophie shouted. The two of them turned to face Alexis. "So? What do you think?"

"I want that man to suffer," Alexis replied. "But I've also lived long enough to know that two wrongs don't make a right. That the way to combat evil is not to become evil in return."

A decision was made.

"Lumiosa, I'd like to make a wish," Matt said to his genie, who nodded. "I wish for Alex to be stripped of his genie. He will become a normal human again."

"I wish for all his bodily modifications to be undone," Sophie said. "All the changes Apriya did to him, undo them. Every single one."

"As you wish," the two genies said in unison. They thrust their hands towards Alex, and fired a beam of energy at him. Alex screamed in pain, as he felt his body change. His penis shrank, and pubic hair grew around it. His hair grew grey. His skin lost its tan, and began to grow wrinkles. Within seconds, his body had become what it should have been; the 63-year-old form that Apriya's magic had been suppressing.

"For the rest of your life, you can live with the knowledge of everything you've done," Sophie said. "But your reign of terror is over. Let him go, Alexis."

Alexis undid the chains, and then went to pick up Apriya's lamp.

"What shall we do with her?" She asked. "She may have only been following orders, but I don't believe she's entirely innocent. She wanted what she did."

"We'll decide on that later, come on Matt," Sophie replied. She took Matt's hand, and they walked towards the exit.

"Hey, what about us!?" Sally shouted.

"Lumiosa, I wish for them to be dressed."

They were all magically dressed, as Matt and Sophie walked up the stairs into Alex's mansion. They looked around, and saw his many slaves.

"What do we do with them?" Matt asked.

"Most of them have been around for years," Alexis replied. "Even if we free them, most of them have no-where to go back to. Their families died decades ago. Hell, they've probably not even thought something of their own free will in a long time."

"What about the others?" Matt asked. "The young ones? The ones who've still got families?" Alexis closed her eyes for a moment, finding the information with her powers.

"The people working in Alex's office building all have lives outside of work, with only a few loyalty spells on them," She told them. "But all the girls in this mansion are just mindless slaves. Alex even mind-controlled other people to make sure everyone would forget them. He was thorough."

"Can you undo it?" Matt asked.

"I can try," Alexis replied. "But what about all the girls with no homes? What about them?"

"Maybe ... we should just get rid of them," Sophie replied. "Let them die finally."

"But we just decided we weren't going to commit murder!" Matt protested, but Sophie shook her head.

"This isn't murder, it's euthanasia," she said. "Assisted suicide, for those who have been trapped for so long."

"Master, I will help Alexis," Lumiosa said. "If that is what you wish."

"I suppose there's no other way..." Matt relented. "Fine. Do it."

The two genies nodded, and took each-other's hands. They closed their eyes to concentrate, and focused on performing the changes. It involved altering a lot of minds, and changing many small details about aspects of the world, in order to make it as though the girls had never been gone. Matt and Sophie looked around at the slave girls. Some vanished, as they were returned to their normal lives. But most of them simply dropped dead, as they were finally freed from the immortality that the Brookman family had wished upon them.

"I can't look..." Sophie said, cuddling close to Matt. Both of them shut their eyes, and waited for it to be over.

"It is done," Lumiosa said. The two humans opened their eyes, and saw dozens of dead girls around them, with their genies on their knees, panting.

"That was rather tiring..." Alexis panted. "Mind if we go in our lamps and rest for a bit?"

"Alright then," Sophie nodded, and the two genies returned to their lamps in clouds of smoke.

"Come on Sophie, let's go home," Matt said. The two of them picked up their lamps, and walked hand-in-hand to Matt's house.

Philip laid in bed that night, thinking about what had happened. Everything he desired. That's what the girl had said. He could get money. No more working in the factory. No more struggling to feed his kids. Maybe ... she could bring his wife back.

No. No. This girl was trouble. She was a demon, or a succubus, or something evil. But she'd been playing with Jane and Michael. She'd not seemed evil then. Maybe it was all an act, in order to gain his trust. But he wanted to know. He had to know.

Philip got up, and opened the drawer where he'd put the lamp. He stared at it, as it sat there, looking inviting. He picked it up, and held it in his hands. It felt warm. Though it was apparently made of metal, it felt vaguely ... alive. He'd let her out last time by rubbing it, so maybe that would work this time. She'd said he could summon her again by rubbing it, so that's what he would do. He slowly began to move his hands along the surface of the lamp. Light-blue smoke immediately began to pour out of it, which formed into Alexis, who laid casually on his bed.

"Changed our mind then, have we?" She smiled.

"What are you?" Philip asked. "And don't lie to me."

"I told you, I'm a genie," Alexis replied. "Your genie, specifically. Or at least for the next few decades I am. You people do have such short lifespans, don't you?"

"And what, you're going to grant my wishes?"

"Yes. If you actually ever make any. No rush though. I've got all eternity."

"And what happens when I make a wish? You take my soul?"

"Honestly, you humans and your superstitions. No, I'm not going to take your soul. I'm bound to serve you from today until the day you die, whenever that may be."

"And you can give me anything I want?"

"Well there are a few provisos. A few quid-pro-quos. But for the most part, yes, anything you want."

"Alright then ... I wish for money. Lots of it."

"Typical, but hey, who am I to judge what you want to wish for?" Alexis smiled. "Your wish is my command, Master."

Alexis snapped her fingers, and they were instantly in a glorious mansion.

"Wow..." Philip said in amazement.

"Daddy! Daddy!" He heard his kids shout. They ran into the bedroom in their nightclothes.

"Daddy, what just happened to the house!?" Jane asked in a panic.

"Your daddy just wished for money, so I gave it to him," Alexis said proudly.

"I wished for money, not this big house!" Philip shouted.

"If you go down to the bank, you'll find that your account balance is somewhat more substantial than it was a few minutes ago," Alexis said. "I just assumed you'd want a big house to go with it."

"This place is cool!" Michael said. "How big is it?"

"VERY big," Alexis simply replied. "But I wouldn't get too used to it if I were you. I don't think your daddy's going to let you keep it."

"Daddy, no!" They both shouted.

"Kids ... go and explore the house," Philip said. "I want to have a grown-up conversation with Alexis."

"Yay!" The kids shouted, and ran off to explore.

Philip sat down on the bed, and turned to face Alexis.

"So ... there's something I've wanted for over a year now," Philip said.

"You want your wife back," Alexis said.

"How did you know?"

"Just a wild guess."

"So do it then. I wish for my wife to come back to life."

"I can't."

"Why not?"

"Because death is permanent. It's one of the rules."

"You said I could have anything I wanted!"

"Almost anything. You can't break the rules."

"So I can't bring my wife back?"

"No. But you can have pretty much anything else you want."

Philip stayed silent for a while. It was clear he was sad at not being able to get his wife back. Alexis wanted to cheer him up, since he seemed like such a nice man.

"Master, may I ask, when did you last have sex?" She asked him.

"Why ... why is that any of your business?"

"Well, because I feel like you've probably not fucked anyone since your wife died," Alexis said seductively, before giving Philip a big kiss. "I think this penis of yours hasn't seen much action lately..." She grabbed his penis through his trousers, which was quickly beginning to harden.

"I ... I..."

"Sssshhhh Master, don't speak. You know, money is one of the most common wishes my Masters make. You know what the other most common wish is for?" Philip shook his head, and Alexis whispered in his ear seductively. "Sex. Lots and lots of sex."

"S-sex?" Philip asked nervously.

"Sex. Do you want sex Master? Just wish for it, Master. Just say the word, and you can have sex with me all night long." Alexis gave Philip a slow lick, and he shuddered.

"Oh God..." Philip moaned. "I want you ... I wish for you."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Alexis grinned cheekily.

Alexis snapped her fingers, and Philip was instantly naked. She planted kisses all over his body, leading down to his groin.

"Master, you don't know just how lucky you are," Alexis said in her seductive voice, and she circled his genitals with her tongue. "Sex with a human is good, but sex with a genie is just ... magical."

"Oh my God..." Philip moaned. "What about Jane and Michael!? They could walk in at any moment..." Alexis merely snapped her fingers again.

"They're both in a deep, deep sleep," Alexis said. "They won't wake up until you wish them to. Now then, let's get on with this..."

Alexis took Philip's erect penis in her mouth, and he let out a loud gasp from the sheer pleasure of it.

"Oh my Goodness!" He said, before letting out a noise that was a mix of a moan and a wail. Alexis responded by licking his tip as she sucked, and then humming a tune. Philip could barely handle it, and he came in less than a minute, blasting his cum down Alexis' throat. She pulled away, and smiled at him.

"I'm sorry..." He said. "I'm not normally that quick. It's just it's been a while, and-" Alexis put a finger on Philip's mouth.

"Master, relax. I am here for your pleasure. You can cum as quickly and as often you like," she said calmly. She then looked down at Philip's penis, which had softened. She just grinned, pointed a finger at it, and militaristically said "Attention!" Philip's penis filled with blood, and in less than a second, it was fully hard again.

"How..." he said.

"Magic. Now let's get to the main event..."

Alexis pushed Philip onto his back, and mounted him. He groaned again as he felt her vagina engulf his penis, and she grinned happily.

Matt and Sophie went back to his house, and laid on his bed, cuddling. For a long while they didn't say a word, just enjoying their closeness, and thinking of everything that had transpired.

"Matt..." Sophie said, finally breaking the silence. "We don't deserve our genies."

"Why?" He asked her.

"Because we're too powerful. I mean, even before we thought we had to obey the rules, we were powerful, but now, we're basically omnipotent. We're like Gods. No-one can stop us. Hell, the things we were about to do to Alex ... I was about to wish Hell upon him."

"Maybe you're right ... But what can we do? We can't give them up, or we'd be at the mercy of the other Masters."

"Well maybe we could just wish all the other genies away?"

"But do we have that right?"

"Do we have the right to do anything? What gives us the right to wish things up with our genies?"

"I suppose now we can liberate the 217 lamps that the society has."

"Yes, but then what? Do we choose 217 people to give them to?"

"I don't know..."

At this point, there was a knock at the bedroom door.

"Matt honey, I've made you some breakfast," said his mother. She opened the door slowly, and saw the two of them, nude under the duvet. "Oh ... hello."

"Mom, this is Sophie," Matt said. "My uh, girlfriend." Sophie smiled at hearing this.

"Nice to meet you, Mrs Evans," Sophie said, pulling the duvet up over her breasts.

"You two, Sophie..." Mrs Evans said awkwardly. She then looked over at Alexis, Lumiosa and Apriya's lamps, which were sat on Matt's bedside table. "Are these the things what that awful man wanted?"

"Yeah," Matt replied. "Look mom, it's hard to explain..."

"They're so pretty..." Mrs Evans said. She reached out, and picked up Apriya's lamp. "I can see why he wanted these."

"Mom, careful, before you-" Matt began, but it was too late.

"Um Matt, it's getting warm," she said. "Is it meant to do that?"

"Oh no..." Sophie said.

The sensations of Mrs Evans' rubbing had set the lamp off, and a cloud of grey smoke poured out. It quickly formed the naked Apriya, who knelt before her on the floor.

"Greetings Mistress, I am Apriya, and I-" she began, before she noticed Matt and Sophie. "Oh no ... Please don't hurt me! Please! I was just following orders, I swear!"

"Apriya, I have no doubt in my mind that you encouraged Alex and his predecessors to do some of the things they did," Sophie said to her.

"Oh my God, is she ... is she a genie!?" Mrs Evans said excitedly. "Oh my God, Oh my God ... Okay, 3 wishes. Gotta use them carefully."

"Mom, wait, I don't think-" Matt began.

"Okay, I wish for a big house full of lots of cash!" Mrs Evans said excitedly.

"Your wish is my command, Mistress," Apriya said. She snapped her fingers, and the house transformed into a mansion, in much the same way that Philip Banks' had, all those years ago.

"This is so cool!" Mrs Evans grinned. "Okay, second wish-"

"Mrs Evans, sleep!" Sophie ordered, and her magical voice compelled her to instantly fall into a deep sleep.

"How are you doing all this?" Apriya asked them. "You shouldn't be able to do that to her. Or all the things you did to Alex."

"We don't know," Sophie replied. "But we don't want to talk to you about that, so go back into your lamp." Apriya automatically responded to Sophie's command, and was sucked straight back into her lamp. Sophie then put it back on the table.

"What shall we do with your mom?" She asked her boyfriend.

"Just leave her there for now, we'll deal with things later," he replied. "Come on, I'm hungry."
Chapter 11 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 11
Chapter 10 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 11
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

The year was 1470. A young man was walking through the markets on the Ponte Vecchio. His Master had sent him to acquire some more painting supplies, though he often liked to explore the marketplace as he did so, to find things which interested him.

"Good morning Leonardo," said the man on one of the market stalls. "How's Andrea doing?"

"Quite well, thank you Francesco," Leonardo smiled. "He enjoyed those biscuits your wife made."

"I'm glad of it, she enjoyed the portrait he drew of her," said Francesco. "So what can I get for you today?"

"A dozen or so paintbrushes would be good," replied Leonardo.

"Coming right up."

Leonardo paid for the paintbrushes, and walked off, in order to explore the rest of the market. On one of the stalls, he saw something shining in the corner of his eye. Sitting on one of the stalls, mixed together with lots of other random junk, was a lamp.

"Ah, interested in something, are we?" Asked the merchant.

"That item, what is it?" Leonardo asked, pointing at it.

"This thing? Oh, it's just some old Arabian lamp I got. I think it was from some old rich guy in Venice who'd died. I just found it in with his things."

"Fascinating," Leonardo said, picking it up. "I would be interested in purchasing it. Just let me get this bit of dirt off..."

Leonardo began rubbing the lamp, and he felt it grow warm in his hands. A cloud of light-blue smoke began pouring out, and he stared at it in amazement. The other market-goers gasped, and some ran away, while others just watched with intrigue. The cloud of smoke began clumping together, forming a humanoid shape. Eventually, stood there on the Ponte Vecchio, was an incredibly gorgeous, nude girl, who looked around at the stunned crowds.

"Awww, if I knew I'd have an audience, I'd have freshened up a bit," Alexis said. She looked around at the crowd's faces, all of them speechless at this girl's sudden appearance. She then saw Leonardo, holding her lamp. "I guess you're my new Master then." Alexis walked up to Leonardo, and moved her face in close to his. "Well aren't you a lucky guy."

"Um ... excuse me?" Leonardo asked.

"Well, getting a genie makes you a pretty lucky person indeed," Alexis smiled.

"Guards, guards!" They heard someone shout. They both turned and saw several guards approaching, brandishing swords. "That girl just appeared in a cloud of smoke, from the lamp that man is holding!"

"Hold it you two!" One of the guards shouted. "You're coming with us!"

"Oh? And how exactly do you plan on making us?" Alexis asked confidently.

"Because if you don't, we'll run our swords through you!"

"Now how on Earth do you plan on doing that when they're floating in the river?" Alexis asked. She then flicked her wrist, causing the guards' swords to fly out of their hands, and off the bridge, into the waters of the River Arno. The crowd was shocked.

"Witchcraft!" Shouted one person.

"She is the devil!" Shouted another.

"Honestly, you people and your superstitions," Alexis said. "Now then, I suppose I need some clothing." She looked over at one man, the one who had called her the devil. "You'll do. The devil needs your clothes."

Alexis snapped her fingers, and the man was instantly stood in just his undergarments, the rest of his clothes having been moved onto Alexis' body.

"Wonderful," she smiled, before taking Leonardo's hand. "Come on, Master. Let's go back to your place." She then turned to face the crowd. "Listen up everyone! My Master and I are going to go back to his house! I don't recommend trying to stop us."

Alexis pulled Leonardo along, and the crowd parted to let them through, everyone terrified at Alexis' powers. They were almost off the bridge, when a man ran at them brandishing a knife.

"DIE WHORE!" He shouted, but Alexis just stuck her hand out at him, freezing him in place. She raised her hand, causing the man to float in the air. With only her hand gestures, she made him float over the side of the bridge.

"Oh I do hope you can swim," Alexis smiled, before letting him drop into the water below.

Matt went over to the pile of his clothes on the floor. As he bent over to pick them up, he felt Sophie squeeze his ass.

"Hey!" He exclaimed.

"Honestly, a hot girl squeezes your ass, and you're complaining," Sophie said. "What kind of horny teenage guy are you?"

"One who doesn't want to get a boner before he goes to have dinner with his family," Matt replied, before picking his clothes up.

"Matt, wait, before you get dressed, I want to try something," Sophie said, before she stuck a finger out and pointed at his groin. "Orgasm."

"What are you doing?" Matt asked her.

"I was just testing something. Since we're both apparently exempt from the rules, I wanted to see if I could use Alexis' powers on you. Clearly not."

"Well I could have told you that," Matt said, as he started getting dressed. "We obviously can't affect each-other, since you weren't affected by my wish to make everyone in the locker rooms horny."

"Oh yeah ... I guess not then," Sophie said, putting her clothes back on. She then leaned down to Matt's mother, and whispered in her ear. "Sleep for another hour, and then wake up."

The two teens picked up their lamps, and went downstairs, where they saw Mr Evans and Becky, sat at the dinner table.

"Uh ... hi," Sophie said. "I'm Sophie. Matt's girlfriend."

"Hi Sophie..." Becky said nervously.

"Mom's not joining us for breakfast," Matt said as the two of them sat down at the table. "She uh ... she's tired." Mr Evans and Becky stayed quiet. "Well aren't you going to say something?"

"Matt..." his father began. "What happened before? With that man? Who was he? Who were those girls you were with?"

"Matt, do you want me to order them to forget it all?" Sophie asked her boyfriend.

"No... ," Matt sighed. "We have to come clean sooner or later. Dad, Becky, Sophie and I have genies."

"Genies?" Becky asked.

"Sophie, let's show them," Matt said, and she nodded. The two of them pulled out their lamps, and rubbed them. Clouds of pink and light-blue smoke poured out, which formed into Lumiosa and Alexis.

"Oh my God..." Becky said.

"You can call me Alexis," said the genie.

"Master, what is going on?" Lumiosa asked.

"Lumiosa, Alexis, this is my sister and dad," Matt said. "Dad, Becky, this is Lumiosa, my genie, and Alexis, Sophie's genie."

"It is a pleasure to meet you both," Lumiosa said, bowing her head.

"They're ... naked," Mr Evans said.

"Ding ding ding! Give the man a prize! Congratulations on your functional eyes!" Alexis said sarcastically, before sitting down on his lap. "And from the feel of things, certain other parts of you work too."

"Could you ... get off please?" Mr Evans asked awkwardly.

"Aww, is the little human embarrassed?" Alexis asked in a cute voice. "Nah, I like it here. It's really bouncy." Alexis then bobbed up and down on his lap.

"So these two are genies?" Becky asked.

"Yeah, they are," Matt replied. "I got Lumiosa like a week and a half ago in the mail. Sophie got Alexis 3 years ago."

"So they can grant wishes?" Becky asked.

"Why yes we can," Alexis replied. "Only for our Masters though, so don't get any ideas."

"And you can wish for anything?" Mr Evans asked.

"Anything," Alexis replied.

"Wait a second..." Becky said. "When we fucked ... and I basically raped Jamie ... did you make me do that?"

"I can explain..." Matt said. "I didn't mean for you to do that to Jamie."

"Oh, but you did mean for me to fuck you silly!?" Becky shouted. "You fucking pervert!"

"Master, would you like me to calm this girl down?" Lumiosa asked.

"Oh shut up you fucking bitch!" Becky shouted at her, before going upstairs.

"Maybe I should go talk to her..." Matt said.

"Matt, trust me, if you value your life, don't talk to a girl while she's fuming," Sophie said. "Leave her for a bit."

"Oh ... okay..."

"Sophie, any chance you could tell your genie to stop this please?" Mr Evans asked. Alexis was now properly grinding him, and he was desperately trying to stave off cumming in his pants.

"Wow Matt, is your dad gay or something?" Alexis said, before turning around "There are guys who've fought to the death over me before. You don't know how lucky you are." She then gave him a soft kiss on the lips.

"Alexis, while Matt and I eat our breakfast, I wish for you to fuck his dad," Sophie ordered.

"Oh your wish is most definitely my command," Alexis grinned. She snapped her fingers, leaving Mr Evans naked, his hard cock free at last. She grabbed hold of it, and he shuddered. "Don't be frightened, I'm not gonna hurt you. What's your name, sweetie?"

"M ... Mike..." He stuttered.

"Well Mike, let me tell you, you ain't never fucked a girl like me," Alexis said seductively. She positioned his cock by her vagina, and lowered herself down onto it. The sensations were enough to drive Mike over the edge, and he came with all his might into her.

"Uuuuuuuhhhhh God..." He groaned as he blasted a load of cum into her.

"Aww, well that was no fun," Alexis said in mock disappointment when he was done cumming. She leaned forward to give him a kiss, which sent a magical spark through his body, making his post-orgasmic cock instantly ready for more. "We're not done yet sweetie. Not by a long shot."

Matt and Sophie ate their breakfast, while watching Alexis fuck Matt's dad. Matt found it to be a mixture of embarrassing and arousing, watching Alexis' body wiggle on top of his father, the two of them moaning loudly, becoming much louder every few minutes, signalling their orgasms.

"Play your cards right, and I might do that to you later," Sophie whispered in Matt's ear.

When they were done eating, Matt had Lumiosa clear the pots up, and dress herself for school.

"Come on Alexis, you're driving us to school," Sophie said.

"Looks like our fun's over sweetie," Alexis said to Mike, before giving him a big kiss. "I've had fun though." Alexis climbed off of Mike, leaving him slouched on the chair with his erection, which was soaking wet from Alexis' pussy juices. Alexis dressed herself with a snap of her fingers, and the 4 of them went outside.

"Now then, one ride to school, coming up!" She said. She snapped her fingers, and Sophie's Ferrari instantly appeared on the drive. Another snap, and the doors swung open. "After you, Mistress."

Alexis got in the driver's seat, with Lumiosa in the passenger seat. Matt and Sophie got in the back, so that they could lay cuddled up to one-another. They didn't bother with seatbelts, because magic is a much more effective form of protection.

"Matt, I'm really glad to have you," Sophie smiled as they cuddled. "Believe it or not, you're my first boyfriend."

"Really?" Matt asked in surprise. "But you're gorgeous!"

"Not before I got Alexis I wasn't. I was nothing special until I wished myself hot."

"Well you're gorgeous to me no matter what you look like," Matt said, kissing her neck.

"Having big boobs helps though, right?" Sophie said. She grabbed Matt's hands, and guided them to her boobs.

"Yeah, I guess so," Matt smiled, giving them a squeeze. "I love you."

"I love you too." Sophie turned around, and kissed him. They slid their tongues into each-other's mouths, and giggled as they made out for the rest of the journey.

Alexis dragged Leonardo through the streets of Florence, the human struggling to keep up with the genie.

"Young lady, where are we going!?" He asked her.

"Somewhere more private, Master," Alexis replied.

"Private?" Alexis stopped running at this point, and turned around to face him.

"Master, do you have a home?" Alexis asked him.

"Why?"

"Because those people just saw a girl appear out of a lamp, perform a display of what they believed to be witchcraft, before running off with you. I expect they'll be after our heads before long."

"There they are!" Someone shouted.

"Oh, and here they come now," Alexis smiled as armed guards approached them on all sides.

"You two are under arrest for witchcraft and attempted murder," said one of the guards.

"That guy looked hot, I thought he could do with a dip!" Alexis told them, but the guards just approached more.

"Kill them!" The captain ordered.

"Oh no, what are we going to do!?" Leonardo panicked.

"Master, do you wish for me to take us to your home?" Alexis asked him.

"You can't possibly get us out of here!"

"Master, I promise I can save you, but I need your permission," Alexis said. "Do you wish for me to save you?" Leonardo looked at the approaching guards, and made his decision.

"Yes! YES!" He shouted, before closing his eyes to await death.

It didn't come. He braced himself for the feeling of steel cutting his skin, but it never came. He began to think that maybe this was what death felt like. Nothing. His pondering was interrupted however by the sound of feminine giggling.

"Master, are you just going to stand there all day?" Alexis asked. Leonardo opened his eyes, and he saw her, once again naked, and sat on a chair. Leonardo looked around, and he realised that he was stood in his workshop.

"But ... we were out in the street..." he stuttered, amazed at what had happened.

"Yeah, and now we're here. Funny how that works," Alexis smiled.

"How are we here!?"

"Well Master, you wished for it, and I granted your wish."

"What is all of this!? Wishing? And why do you call me "Master"?"

Alexis didn't reply. She merely snapped her fingers, to conjure up an apple for herself, which she started eating. "How did you do that!? ... What are you?" Alexis stood up, and started walking towards him. Leonardo started to feel afraid.

"Please ... please don't hurt me," he said in fear as this girl approached him.

"Now Master, I could never hurt you," Alexis said.

"That man you dropped into the river ... is he dead?"

"Now Master, I'm offended. I may be playful, but I'm no murderer."

"You call me "Master", so if I am your Master, then I demand answers," Leonardo said, and Alexis just smiled.

"Oh you're good," She said. "Alright then, ask away. What do you want to know?"

"Who are you? What are you?"

"My name is Alexis. As for what I am, does the word "genie" mean anything to you?"

"I have heard stories of the Djinn. Mystical beings who appear to people and grant wishes in exchange for their souls."

"Typical humans, you've never been very good at telling stories, have you? We don't steal your souls, we just grant wishes."

"You are a wish-granting genie?"

"Indeed I am."

"Preposterous. Such things are impossible."

"Master, a few minutes ago you were stood in a busy street about to be killed, and now you're here. It's one thing to doubt magic when you've not seen it, but you'd have to be truly stupid to ignore it when it's right in front of you."

"Fine then! If you truly have magical powers, then prove it! Over there is a broken table. I wish for you to fix it."

"Oh really ambitious there, Master," Alexis said sarcastically, before smiling. "Your wish is my command."

Alexis snapped her fingers, and Leonardo watched in amazement as the broken leg of the chair began to repair itself, wood appearing to replace that which had broken off.

"That is impossible..." he said in amazement.

"Believe me now?" Alexis asked, and Leonardo just nodded.

"This cannot be happening ... Those people in the market ... some of them know me. They'll be here soon! The guards will come to arrest me!"

"Oh that's easily fixed," Alexis said, snapping her fingers.

"What did you just do?" Leonardo asked.

"I made them forget it was us," she replied. "They remember the events, but they've all forgotten who we were. They won't bother you any more, Master."

"You are incredible. I mean your abilities."

"I'm nothing special. Really. I'm just here to grant your wishes. Speaking of which, I'm all ears for your next one."

Matt and Sophie got to school, and headed towards their first class of the day; Physics. They took their seats (Next to each-other of course, after several people were magically persuaded to move) and waited.

"Strange, Mr Roberts isn't normally this late," Matt said.

"I'm sure he'll be along soon," Sophie said.

They waited a few minutes, and they started to get concerned. However, just then, the classroom door opened, and a gorgeous woman walked in. She had a very short skirt, and a business suit which showed off her extra-large cleavage, which did not seem to be confined by a bra. Her face did not look any older than maybe about 20. But wait, they knew that face...

"Mom!?" Matt exclaimed.

"Hey honey, so you recognise me then?" Mrs Evans smiled. "I've had a little bit of work done. Magic, you know."

"Uh, where's Mr Roberts?" Asked Dan.

"He's taking some time off to spend time with his wife. Lots of hot, sexy time," Mrs Evan replied, giggling. "So I'm your substitute teacher, Mrs Evans."

"Mom, what are you doing here!?" Matt asked.

"I just wanted to come and visit you at school," she replied. "Now then class, there's someone else I'd like you to meet." Mrs Evans reached into her bag, and pulled out a lamp which Matt and Sophie recognised. She rubbed it, and a cloud of grey smoke poured out, forming into a naked Apriya.

"Oh my God..." said one boy.

"Why yes, I suppose I am," Mrs Evans smiled. "Now class, this is my teaching assistant Apriya. She and I are going to be having some fun with you all. First of all, I wish for all the doors and windows in here to be locked and soundproofed. I don't want anyone getting in or out."

"Your wish is my command, Mistress," Apriya said. She snapped her fingers, and everyone gasped as they heard the doors and windows lock.

"Good. Now I wish for everyone here to be naked." Apriya then snapped her fingers, and they were all nude, including the genies and their Masters.

"Apriya, what are you doing!?" Sophie shouted.

"Unless you hadn't noticed, she's my Mistress," Apriya replied. "It is my duty to grant her every wish. I have no choice."

"Oh don't be so moody Sophie," Mrs Evans said. "Matt honey, pick a girl."

"What for?"

"A present for my favourite son. Tell you what, why don't I pick for you?" Mrs Evans looked around the room, and chose one girl in particular. "You there, what's your name?"

"Anna, Miss," she replied.

"Well then, Anna, I wish for you to go over there and give Matt an amazing blowjob."

Apriya snapped her fingers, and Anna instantly stood up.

"What's happening to me!?" She asked in a panic, as she started walking over towards Matt. "I can't control my legs!"

"Just relax, and give my son a blowjob to remember," Mrs Evans smiled.

"But I've got a boyfriend!" Anna protested as she crawled under the desk.

"That's not really important right now."

"Mom, you can't do this!" Matt shouted, before he felt Anna take his cock in her mouth.

"Why?" His mother asked. "I wasn't born yesterday Matt. I'm sure you've used your genie for much worse things than this."

"Master, do you wish for me to stop this?" Lumiosa asked him.

"Hello there, I don't believe we've met," Mrs Evans said to her. "I'm your Master's mother, Linda. What's yours?"

"Master ... Do you wish for me to speak to her?" Lumiosa asked Matt.

"Matt, I've got an idea to make the most of this," Sophie said. "Alexis, I wish for everyone in this room to become bisexual, and insatiably horny. That way Anna can enjoy the blowjob she's giving."

Alexis snapped her fingers, and everyone except Matt and Lumiosa let out loud moans, as they felt themselves become hornier than they ever thought possible. Cocks hardened, and pussies wettened all around the room.

"Oh my God!" Mrs Evans cried out. "Apriya, you told me no-one else could use magic on me!"

"Those children..." Apriya moaned from lust. "They are special ... somehow..."

All around the room, people started pairing off. Matt, the only human in the room to not be consumed by lust, was pushed off his chair by Anna. As he laid on the floor, she climbed on top of him, and started riding his cock.

"Master, do you wish me to join in?" Lumiosa asked him.

"Yes!" Matt moaned in response as he felt Anna fuck him. "I wish for the two of us to be horny too!"

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa obeyed. She snapped her fingers, and moaned out from arousal. She started rubbing her pussy, to try and bring herself to orgasm. She soon got some help with that, in the form of Alexis and Max, who got to work on pleasuring Lumiosa.

1471, and Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci, known to his friends only as Leonardo, was at work painting. The two of them had gone out into the Tuscan countryside, in order to capture the natural beauty better. On the grass on the banks of the Arno, Alexis was reclined nude, looking happy as Leonardo stood painting her.

"How's it coming?" She asked him.

"It is coming," Leonardo replied. "If there is something that Il Verrocchio has taught me, it is that art cannot be rushed."

"I still don't understand why you don't just have me conjure up a painting for you."

"Alexis, you may have given me the skills required to paint with such finesse, but there are things that your magic cannot do. Only a human hand can ever hope to capture your beauty on canvass, and even then I fear it may not be possible."

"You're weird sometimes, you know that, Master?"

"You are very strange yourself, Alexis. Your very existence would seem strange to most people."

"I've been called worse in my time. "Strange" is practically a compliment compared to some of the things I've been through."

"It must be such a sad life. An eternity of servitude."

"It's not too bad. Oh sure there's the occasional power-hungry person who treats you as little more than a tool, but for every one of them, there are 10 more like you, who treat me with respect. I do like my job. Watching how happy you are when I grant your wishes is payment enough."

They stayed around the river for a while longer, before it started to get dark. Alexis got dressed, and the two of them walked back into the city. When they returned to the workshop, they saw two men stood outside.

"Hello, can I help you?" Leonardo asked them.

"Yes, we're looking for Il Verrocchio, is he around?" One of the men asked.

"No, I'm afraid he's away in Milan at the moment," Leonardo replied.

"Oh what a shame," said the second man. "Well then, we shall have to make do with you and your stunning companion here." He approached Alexis, and stroked her face. "You, fair maiden, are ... oh, interesting. Master, I cannot read this girl's mind. It would seem she is one of my kind."

"Another genie?" Said the first man. "Wonderful. Perhaps you could invite us in to discuss things?"

"Very well, I suppose so..." Leonardo agreed.

The 4 of them went inside, and sat down. Alexis and the other genie sat down on the sofa, while Leonardo and the other man sat down on some chairs.

"So then, let's introduce ourselves," the man said. "I am Ludovico Santino, and this is my genie, Marcio.

"A pleasure to meet you both," Leonardo said. "I am Leonardo di ser Piero da Vinci, and this is my genie, Alexis."

"Alexis. A beautiful name for a beautiful girl," Marcio said, before giving her a soft kiss on the lips, and Alexis smiled.

"Oh stop..." she blushed.

"Marcio, not right now!" Ludovico snapped. "Now then Leonardo, tell me how you came to acquire Alexis here."

"About 6 months ago I came across her lamp in the market," Leonardo replied. "I accidentally freed her there and then. It caused quite the stir."

"Oh, so she's the "witch" that appeared in the market last year," Ludovico said. "I heard about that. Well I suppose I should tell you my story too. I found Marcio's lamp floating in the Arno about 10 years ago. A chance encounter, much like yours."

"We have much to discuss," Leonardo said. "Come, I have some items in the back of the workshop that may interest you."

The two of them went into the back of the workshop, leaving the genies alone.

"Oh good, I was hoping they'd leave," Marcio said, wrapping his arms around Alexis. "It's been centuries since I've last seen one of my kind. You and I could make sweet music together."

"And what makes you think I'm that easy?"

"A flower of such beauty deserves to be treasured. It should give itself to one of its own kind, without obligation from the human which controls it."

"Leonardo has not had sex with me."

"Oh? Then he does not know what he is missing. Give yourself to me Alexis, and I shall show you the pleasure you deserve." Alexis just grinned.

"Oh very well then," she said. "I suppose our Masters are busy, and I've not had sex in so very long. A little bit of physical intimacy would be welcome."

The two genies snapped their fingers, and they were instantly nude. They leaned in, and began making-out with one-another, their hands roaming each-other's bodies, exploring their naked flesh.

Meanwhile, back in 2015, the older Alexis was 69ing Lumiosa, while Max fucked her pussy. Matt hand pushed Anna onto her back, and was fucking her hard. Mrs Evans was being eaten out by Megan, while Apriya and Sally fingered each-other. Sophie was on all-fours on one of the desks, being fucked from behind by Dan.

"Oh God ... Oh God..." Sophie moaned. She was so consumed by lust and pleasure, that she didn't notice Neil appearing in the room.

"Having fun, are we?" He asked.

"What... ?" Sophie moaned. "Oh ... Neil..."

"We need a word with you two," he said. "Do come and see us at your house, Sophie."
Chapter 12 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 12
Chapter 11 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 12
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

In the year 2012, 15-year-old Sophie Swift was confused. She'd felt an irresistible compulsion to go inside a mansion, where she'd met a nude man and girl. The man had told her that this girl was his genie, and that he was giving her to him. And now all that was left was a lamp, sat on the floor. She approached it with caution, not really understanding what was happening. She reached out a hand to touch it. It felt cold. Dormant.

Sophie put the lamp in her bag, and walked home. Whatever this was, she wanted to be somewhere safe.

"You're home late!" Shouted her mother to her as she walked in.

"Can't talk. Busy," Sophie said as she went straight upstairs.

"Oh, charming!" Mrs Swift said. "Dinner'll be ready in half an hour!"

"Alright!" Sophie shouted back.

Sophie went to her room, and took the lamp out of her bag, setting it on her table. She sat down on her bed, and stared at the lamp. It looked so old, yet flawless. Not a scratch on it. Sophie reached out to it.

"I shouldn't..." she said. She picked it up, and held it in her hands. Then, hesitantly, she rubbed it. She felt it grow warm in her hands, and she watched a cloud of light-blue smoke pour out.

"Oh finally," Alexis said as she appeared on the bed next to her. "I was beginning to think you were gonna chicken out."

"Oh my God, this is not real, this is not real..." Sophie said.

"Oh it's quite real, I promise," Alexis smiled. "So what will it be then? Eternal youth? Wealth beyond your wildest dreams? Or do you just wanna fuck?"

"What makes you think I want a genie?"

"Mistress, I've existed for hundreds of thousands of years, and I can honestly say that's the best joke I've ever heard," Alexis laughed. "In my entire life, I've never met a human who doesn't want things they can't have. Well, things they can't have until they meet me."

"I'm still not convinced you're a genie."

"I promise you I am. I can't lie to you."

"Prove it then. Cast a spell. Or does that count as one of my 3 wishes?"

"Honestly, Disney ruin everything, don't they? There's no 3 wishes. You get as many as you want. And none of that "evil genie" stuff. No wish misinterpretation. You get what you want. And if I mess up somehow, which I most definitely won't, I'll fix it for you. I give you my 100% satisfaction guarantee."

"I'm still waiting for my proof."

Alexis grinned.

"Your wish is my command, Mistress," she said. She snapped her fingers, and Sophie was instantly nude.

"Hey, what are you doing!?" Sophie protested, grabbing her pillows to cover herself.

"Mistress, you commanded me to demonstrate my power, and I did so," Alexis replied. She got behind her, and cuddled her closely, rubbing her stomach.

"Well what are you doing now?"

"Just a little present for you, Mistress. To say thank you for releasing me from my lamp," Alexis replied, continuing her fondling. "Tell me Mistress, has anyone ever touched you ... down there?"

"No ... never..." Sophie replied. She then let out a little whelp, and she looked down to see Alexis rubbing her pussy. "Until now..."

"Mistress..." Alexis said seductively, kissing her neck. "I can tell you're not exactly experienced in this regard. Do you wish for me to pleasure you?" Alexis rubbed Sophie's clit, and she whimpered.

"Yes ... yes..." She moaned.

"Then your wish is my command..."

Alexis stuck her tongue out, and licked her Mistress' neck sensually. Sophie moaned, as, to her surprise, she felt the tongue begin to run down her skin.

"What the fuck..." She moaned. She looked, and watched as Alexis' tongue got longer and longer, making its way down her skin. It reached her right breast, and Alexis began licking her nipple. "Oh my God ... how the fuck are you doing that..."

"Why, magic of course," Alexis replied, rolling her extended tongue over Sophie's nipples, before allowing it to continue its journey down her body. It reached her pubic hair, which is caressed briefly, before it reached her entrance. Alexis moved her hands away from her groin, and began to play with her nipples. She did this until Sophie was about ready to get on her knees and beg for more.

"You know Mistress, my tongue can do more tricks," Alexis whispered in her ear. Sophie then felt Alexis' tongue shift, before it split into two separate tongues. One tongue licked around the outside of Sophie's vagina, while the other slid into her slowly.

"Oh!" Sophie moaned. "Ohhhhhh ... wow..."

"Just relax, and let your faithful genie grant your wish..." Alexis said, her magic ensuring she could still speak, even with her tongues busy.

Sophie's moans grew louder, as she had her pussy eaten out for the first time in her life. She didn't know how good it normally felt, but she had a funny feeling it was nothing like this. Alexis thrust one tongue in and out of her, while another rubbed her clit and the surrounding areas.

"Sophie!" Mrs Swift said as she knocked on her door. "Dinner's ready!"

"Oh..." Sophie moaned. "I'm coming!"

"Oh you certainly are," Alexis grinned. She increased her licking, and Sophie's screaming filled the house.

Back in 2015, Matt Evans was currently in the process of firing his umpteenth load of the day into Anna's pussy. His face was one of sheer delight. Sophie may have been his crush for years, but he'd spent many an evening masturbating to thoughts of Anna too, so to fuck her was like a dream come true. But to be fair, most of Matt's life now was like a dream come true.

To Matt's annoyance, he felt the warm wetness of Anna's vagina pull off of his cock. He opened his eyes, and saw Sophie stood there with Alexis. Both of them were dressed.

"Come on Matt," Sophie said.

"Whuh ... what?" Matt asked through the horny haze that was clouding his mind. Sophie grabbed him, and pulled him onto his feet.

"Matt, we've been summoned to a meeting with the society," Sophie said.

"But I'm having fun!" Matt complained.

"Come on," Sophie said. "Get Lumiosa and we'll go."

"Oh fine!" Matt agreed, despite every fibre of his being wanting to rip Sophie's clothes off and fuck her on the table. "Where is she, anyway?"

"I'm here, Master!"

The 3 of them turned to look in the direction of the voice. Lumiosa was sat on a chair, with her legs wrapped around Sam, who was fucking her hard. Meanwhile, she was making out with Cindy, who was frantically fingering herself.

"Lumiosa, I wish for you to undo our horniness, and get us dressed," Matt commanded.

"Your wish is my command!" Lumiosa moaned in pleasure. She snapped her fingers, and Matt felt as though a great weight had been lifted from his shoulders, in that he no longer wanted to fuck to death everyone he saw. Lumiosa appeared next to him, dressed back in her clothes.

"What the fuck Matt!?" Sam moaned. "You're such a cock-block! I was about to cum!"

"Oh shut up and just fuck Cindy," Sophie said. Sam's body instantly responded to the command by moving over to Cindy, and ramming into her pussy. She wasn't complaining.

The 4 of them left the classroom, and headed back to Sophie's Ferrari.

"What do you think they want?" Matt asked his girlfriend as they cuddled in the back of the car.

"I dunno," Sophie replied. "But judging by Neil's tone, I doubt it's good."

"We'll be fine though. No-one can hurt us. Not now we're free from the rules."

"I know, but I still don't like talking to them."

"We'll get through it, whatever it is."

They arrived at Sophie's house, and walked in. The other members of the society were reclined on various sofas and armchairs, some of which were normally there, and some of which had been conjured up.

"Sit down," Neil said sternly. The 4 of them sat down on one of the sofas, without a word. "What are you?"

"What on Earth are you talking about?" Sophie asked, clearly not wanting to give answers.

"Ophelia, play the footage," Neil ordered.

"Yes Master."

Ophelia bowed her head, and snapped her fingers. Sophie's TV turned on magically, to a news story.

"A man was arrested today in the home of billionaire businessman Alex Brookman," said the news reader. "The elderly man has not been identified, but we are hearing reports that he is claiming to be Alex Brookman himself, despite Mr Brookman being known as appearing much more youthful than this man. Whoever this man is, the police have charged him with several hundred counts of murder and rape, after the bodies of several hundred nude girls were found in the house with him."

"Care to explain?" Brian said.

"Not really," Matt replied.

"When we saw this, we went to visit Alex in prison," Sarah said. "He told us about how you two turned up, undid his wishes, and took his genie away from him. Which is of course, impossible."

"And your point is?" Sophie asked.

"Tell us how you did it!" Neil shouted. "If you two can break the rules, then tell us how you do it!"

"And why should we?" Sophie asked. "What could you possibly do to us if we refuse?"

The group stayed silent.

"Fine then," Neil said. "We'll ask you nicely. Please tell us how you can do it."

"If you two can indeed break the rules, then we can fulfil our goal!" Jürgen said. "We can do what we have always sought to do; rule this world! Control it for the betterment of all humankind!"

"And for yourselves," Alexis said. "Actually, mostly for yourselves."

"No one asked for your opinions, genie," Sarah said to her.

"Actually, if you want us to stay friendly towards you, assuming we even are at the moment, it'd be wise for you to be nice to our genies," Sophie said threateningly. "They're our friends."

"Genies are tools for our pleasure, nothing more," Brian said. "Observe. Lexia, I wish for an amazing blowjob."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lexia obeyed. She bowed her head, and then pulled Brian's trousers down, before taking his cock in her mouth.

"We genies have feelings too, you know," Alexis said.

"Not that they matter," Sarah said. "This world has a pecking order. At the top are us Masters. Next come normal humans. And finally, there's the genies. You exist only to grant our wishes."

"That is not true!" Lumiosa shouted. "I'm sorry, Miss Sarah, but ... I used to agree with you. I really did. But Master Matt has been so kind to me. He treats me like an equal. He wants me to be more than just a servant."

"Then he is foolish," Jürgen said.

"And yet you're the ones talking down to the ones who have the power to cause you unspeakable horrors," Sophie said.

"Sophie dear, you are both far too kind-hearted for that," Sarah laughed.

"Perhaps we are. But we're not too kind-hearted to punish you like we punished Alex," Matt said.

"The two of you dislike how we consider ourselves higher than other humans, and yet you seek to judge us?" Neil said. "We may seek Godhood, but at least we have the courage to admit it."

"We don't want Godhood," Sophie said. "We just want to allow people to live in peace. We use Alexis and Lumiosa's magic for fun, but no-one gets hurt. Everyone we use our magic on enjoys it. Whereas you lot enslave people and keep them serving you for decades. We give pleasure to our friends. Your only friends are each-other, probably because they're the only people you can't enslave."

"Kraft macht Spaß," Jürgen said. "Power is fun. You know what else is fun? Dominating other people. Ruling over them. It's why we want to control the world. To control the universe. We want everyone to do as we command."

"And you believe that this so-called "maker" would allow that?"

"He's allowed you two more power, clearly," Neil said. "Surely giving us the same power would be better? 6 heads are better than 2."

"You 4 could never work together," Matt said to them. "You'd all be fighting over power. Sophie and I are in love. We'd work together to rule the world at least."

"Matt, it's clear we're not getting through to these people," Sophie said. "I think we need to do something about them."

"What do you mean?"

"Well, I was thinking we could..."

Sarah woke up in an uncomfortable bed. She opened her eyes, and realised the ceiling she was looking at was not the ceiling she was used to in her mansion. She sat up, and realised her body was far chubbier than it was, with much smaller boobs. It was the body she'd had in her youth, before becoming a Mistress.

She looked around, and realised that she most definitely was not in her mansion. She was in the bedroom she'd had when she lived with her parents. Her abusive parents. The ones who hated her because her existence meant they couldn't pamper her older brother as much. The ones whom she'd wished up an eternity of suffering for at the earliest opportunity.

She looked over at the calendar on the wall. Friday the 13th of March, 1959. The day she found Iago's lamp. It had just been sitting there in a bird's nest, at the top of a tree. She'd gotten her more-athletic friend, Maggie, to climb up there and get it for her. Funny, if Maggie hadn't thrown the lamp down to her, it might have been her instead that would have rubbed it, and gained Iago's power.

Sarah thought about Maggie. She was the only person who was ever really nice to her. After she'd given Hell to her parents and brother, she'd had Iago create a little alternate dimension for Maggie, where she could live out eternity in happiness. Her own personal Heaven. Now that Sarah thought of it, Maggie was probably the only "normal" she'd ever done anything nice for.

"Hey, wake up bitch!" Shouted her brother, Hank, who was knocking on the door. "We're gonna be late for school, and I ain't waiting around for your lazy ass! 10 minutes or you're walking!"

"Oh ... alright..." Sarah said in response. This was really weird. Why was she dreaming of her past? Was it a dream? It felt so real. If it was a dream, surely she should be waking up, now that she's realised it's a dream? So why wasn't she?

"Iago!" She shouted. "Are you there? Can you hear me?" No response. Something wasn't right.

Sarah got dressed, not enjoying the feeling of her overweight teenage body. She headed downstairs quickly, figuring that if she didn't go now she wouldn't get any breakfast before she had to leave for school.

"Hank, Sarah, get in here now!" Sarah father shouted. She went into the living room, where she saw her parents sat on the sofa.

"What the fuck do you want?" Hank asked them. "I was busy." Sarah looked at her parents, and her eyes widened, for she saw that her father was holding what appeared to be Iago's lamp.

"Kids, your father has something to show you," said Sarah's mother. "Something which will change our lives forever."

Hank then did something which worried Sarah. He rubbed the lamp. Sarah watched as clouds of red smoke poured out, something which she'd seen thousands of times before, only this time, it filled her with worry. She watched as the clouds of smoke formed into the naked genie. Her naked genie. Or was he her father's?

"Oh my God..." Hank said.

"This is my genie, Iago," said Sarah's father. "I found him on the way home from work yesterday. He will grant my every wish."

"We certainly had fun with him last night, didn't we honey?" Sarah's mother giggled. "My pussy's still tingling."

"This can't be happening!" Sarah exclaimed.

"Oh shut up girl!" Her father shouted. "Actually, I've just had an idea of how to demonstrate Iago's power to Hank. Iago, I wish for Sarah to have sex with Hank."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Iago obeyed. He snapped his fingers, and Sarah began to feel her body move.

"What's happening!?" She exclaimed. She walked over to Hank, and gave him a kiss.

"Woah..." Hank said.

"Iago, stop this right now!" Sarah shouted. "That's an order!"

"Sarah, he won't obey anyone but me," her father said. "Have fun. Hank I mean, not you, Sarah."

1974. 29-year-old Neil was walking home from work, happy with his life. He'd just told all his co-workers that he and his wife Mary were to be married in the autumn, and they'd all congratulated him. They'd picked out a little house in the countryside where they could move and raise the kids they planned to have. It was all going to be great.

As he walked past an alley, he heard a woman scream. He turned and saw a man with a gun, pointing it at the woman, demanding her handbag.

"Hey, what are you doing!?" Neil shouted. "Get away from her!"

"Oh, and you're going to stop me?" The robber laughed. Neil ran up to him, and, not really thinking, he punched him, knocking him down onto the floor.

"Get out of here!" Neil shouted at the woman, she nodded, before trying to run off. Before Neil could do anything else, however, he heard several bangs, and felt agony in his legs. The robber had fired all his bullets into Neil's legs, before running off, grabbing the woman's handbag as he did. Neil collapsed on the floor, crying out in pain.

"Oh my God!" The woman exclaimed. "Hang on, let me go and get an ambulance!"

The woman ran off as quickly as she could, leaving Neil laid there, slowly bleeding to death. He looked over at a rubbish bin, and remembered something. This had happened to him before. This wasn't 1974, it was 2015. Was this a dream? But it felt so real ... He remembered how, the first time this had happened, he'd knocked over that bin, and in amongst the rubbish was a golden lamp, which, inside, had contained Ophelia.

In desperation, Neil knocked over the bin, and rummaged through its contents, desperately trying to find the lamp. There was no lamp. How? It was there last time, so why not now? He needed Ophelia. Last time, she'd fixed his legs, and told him that, without her, the doctors would have had to amputate his legs. But he couldn't have them amputated. How could he and his wife cope?

In 1949, in the town of Darmstadt, 12-year-old Jürgen had gotten up for school, and walked downstairs, where he'd found his mother buttering some toast for him.

"Nein Mutti, ich habe kein Hunger! (No mum, I'm not hungry!)" he protested.

"Ohne zu frühstücken hat man keine Stärke für den Tag, (Without breakfast you won't have enough strength for the day, )" she replied, forcing the plate into his hand. Jürgen's father had been killed 9 years prior in the war, and his mother had struggled to cope without him. She was pretty protective of him, even more so than she would naturally be.

Jürgen reluctantly ate the toast, and even more reluctantly accepted a goodbye kiss on the cheek from his mother, before he took his bag, and left for school. He went next door, to knock on his friend Lars' front door.

"Oh, Jürgen," said Lars' mother as she opened the door.

"Guten Morgen, Frau Schneider, (Good morning, Mrs Schneider, )" Jürgen said. "Ist der Lars bereit für die Schule? (Is Lars ready for school?)"

"Ich komme jetzt! (I'm coming now!)" Lars shouted as he ran down the stairs. "Komm, wir gehen. (Come on, let's go.)"

The two boys walked to school, discussing the sorts of things young boys do.

"Hast du die Hausaufgaben gemacht? (Have you done the homework?)" Lars asked his friend.

"Ja natürlich, Dummkopf, (Of course I have, you moron)," Jürgen replied. "Meine Mutter würde nichts Anderes erlauben. (My mother wouldn't allow me not to.)"

"Darf ich-(Can I-)"

"Ja. Aber nach der Schule kaufst du mir etwas Süßes. (Yes. But after school you're buying me something sweet.)"

The boys' school day went as normal, and they walked back home together, Lars buying Jürgen a little bit of chocolate on the way home. They didn't even take notice of the fire engine that sped by as they walked through the town. They didn't take any notice until they got to their street, and saw that both of their houses, as well as several of the others around them, had been burned to the ground. Jürgen looked around, and he saw no trace of his mother.

"Mutti ... Mutti!? (Mum ... Mum!?)" he shouted. No response. "Mutti!?" He ran towards the rubble of his house, desperate to find his mother.

"Jung, warte! (Kid, wait!)" Someone shouted. "Ist da noch zu heiß! (It's still too hot over there!)"

Jürgen didn't care. He ran onto the rubble, which felt warm, but not unbearably so. He started looking around for any trace of his mother.

"Mutti! Mutti! Ich bin's! (Mum! Mum! It's me!)" He moved things around as best he could, desperate to find some sign that his mother was alive. He didn't like what he found. Moving one piece of rubble, he found, sticking out from under something else, an arm and a hand, both badly singed.

"Mutti ... nein..." Jürgen started crying.

Through his tears, he saw something glistening under another piece of rubble, like metal. It was then that memories came flooding back to him. He'd lived this before. Last time this had happened, he'd found, under the rubble, a magic lamp, with a genie called Marcio inside it. Jürgen reached to the piece of rubble that was covering the metal object. He pulled it off, and found ... a cooking pot.

In 1993, a 43-year-old Brian was depressed. Really depressed. Last week, his wife had filed for divorce, after Brian had caught her in bed with another man. And another one. Even worse, today he'd lost his job, after his boss had announced they were making cutbacks. Brian had had enough. He was going to end it all. He was sat on a bridge over a small cliff, with a fast-moving river underneath it. Honestly, he wasn't sure if it was big enough to kill him, but he'd give it a go regardless.

"What on Earth are you doing young man!?" An old man shouted. He came up to him, and tried to pull him back. "Get off of there this instant!"

"Why should I? My wife's gone, my job's gone, and I've got no friends. There's nothing left for me in this world."

"Now now, that's not right. Whenever you hit rock bottom, just remember that things can only get better."

"Can, not will. The sweet release of death has surely got to be better than this."

The old man sighed.

"Listen to me, young man," he said. "I'm dying. I've not got long left. Minutes maybe, if that. I have something which has kept me happy for many years. I was going to just let fate decide who gets it next, but I can tell you need something."

"What on Earth are you talking about?"

"I assume you know what a genie is?"

"Of course I do. I've seen Aladdin. They give you three wishes."

"Not 3, as many as you want. It could solve all your problems."

"Sure it could. If genies existed."

"Why, of course they do."

"Old man, I'm about to kill myself. Cheap jokes aren't going to stop me."

"No, but this might."

The man reached into his coat, and pulled out a metal lamp.

"Inside this lamp is a genie named Lexia," the man explained. "She can grant your every wish." Brian looked at the lamp, and remembered. He remembered doing this before. He remembered the future. He remembered being given this lamp, releasing Lexia, and sorting his life out. He needed this lamp. He reached out to get it, but as he did, the old man collapsed forward. He lost his grip on the lamp, and it fell off the bridge, into the river below.

"Nooooo!" Brian shouted. "I need that lamp!"

"Do you think we've done the right thing?" Sophie asked Matt, as they watched what was going on from her living room. Matt nodded.

"They needed to be punished," Matt said. "And it's not like they'll be like this forever. Alex is in prison, and the other 4 are trapped in alternate versions of their pasts. But they'll all eventually die, and pass on to whatever comes next. That's better than how they've treated people before."

"I guess you're right. It's for the best I suppose. We couldn't let people like them keep on going in the world."

"Come on Sophie, let's go to bed." Sophie nodded, and the two of them walked upstairs to her bedroom, hand-in-hand.

"Alexis..." Lumiosa said. "What do you think of what they've done?"

"I honestly don't know," Alexis replied. "I mean, I wanted them to suffer a little bit for everyone they've ever hurt. All the humans, Ophelia, Lexia, Iago, and hell, even Marcio. But now, I honestly don't know. I decided long ago not to hold grudges against my bad Masters. I decided it was better to just live and let die. Once they're gone, they're gone, and I just let my life go on, with all the good Masters I've had. What about you?"

"I do not know either. I should be fully supportive of my Master's wishes, and it is nice to see my brothers and sisters liberated, but ... I have been the victim of much cruelty over my life. I do not enjoy watching people suffer."

"Don't worry," Alexis said, picking up Ophelia's lamp, which was sat with the others. "I trust them both. I don't think they'll end up like the society. I think they'll stay true to themselves."
Chapter 13 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 13
Chapter 12 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 13
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Matt and Sophie didn't have sex that night. Instead, they merely stripped naked, got under Sophie's duvet, and cuddled and kissed one-another until they fell asleep. Neither of them were really sure if they'd done the right thing, so the physical intimacy was re-assuring to them, reminding them that they weren't alone.

Matt woke up the next morning to the feeling of Sophie laid on top of him. Her perfectly-formed boobs were pressing into his muscular chest, and his cock was rubbing against her inner thigh. His hands were resting on her bottom, and he could hear her breathing gently as she slept. This is Heaven, Matt thought. Two weeks ago, he'd never have believed he'd be sleeping with the hottest girl in the school, yet here he was.

Matt looked at the clock. It was nearly half past 11. He didn't care that they'd slept for most of the morning, or that they were skipping yet another school day. All he cared about was that he and his girlfriend were comfy. He leaned his head forward slightly, and gave her a soft kiss. Sophie shuffled a little, and opened her eyes slowly.

"Morning Sophie," Matt said, before kissing her again.

"Morning Matt," Sophie smiled, kissing him.

"Did you sleep well?"

"Of course."

The two of them made out some more, before Matt tightened his grip on Sophie's ass, and flipped her over onto his back.

"Ooo, someone's being a bit forward this morning," Sophie giggled. She kissed him, and then wrapped her legs around him. "Fuck me."

"Your wish is my command," Matt grinned, before he thrust hard into Sophie's pussy. The past two weeks had given him plenty of opportunities to sample it, but he was still overwhelmed every time by just how wonderful it felt to be inside of a girl. Sophie's vagina in particular always felt especially nice, but whether that was because of magic or an emotional connection between them, he didn't know.

As they fucked, Sophie grabbed hold of Matt's ass, and in return, he grabbed her boobs, stroking her nipples. This caused Sophie to yelp with glee, leading Matt to assume she had some sort of sensitivity spell in place on them. In response to this, Matt kept playing with her nipples, and she kept on squealing. Eventually she grabbed hold of his head, and pulled him down to kiss her, and the two of them made out while they made love. In and out Matt's penis went, desperate to bring pleasure both to himself, and to the girlfriend that he loved so much. He was trying to hold back as long as possible, but he felt the familiar sensation beginning to build in the tip of his penis, as he got closer and closer to the point of no return.

Eventually he couldn't take it any longer, and he felt his cock explode, an eruption of semen being fired deep into Sophie. Sophie's previous wish set her own orgasm off, and she moaned loudly into Matt's mouth, as her vagina contracted pleasurably around his cock. She squeezed his ass harder, trying to hold Matt in place as deep inside her as he could possibly be.

When it was over, the two of them laid there, panting and sweating, kissing each-other softly.

"Oh my God Sophie, that was incredible..." Matt moaned as they kissed. "I love you so much."

"I love you too Matt," Sophie moaned, before breaking the kiss. "Let's go wash off."

"Wash off?"

"There's a shower with our name on it."

Matt smiled, and nodded his head. He pulled out of Sophie, which was something he never enjoyed, although the breeze on his soaking wet cock did feel nice. Sophie took his hand, and helped him to his feet. The two of them walked towards her bathroom, Matt staring at her perfect ass as they did.

They got into the shower cubicle, and set the water going. They grabbed hold of each-other, and made out passionately as they felt the warmth run down their skin. Matt's cock had started to soften after his orgasm, but that was all changing now, this stimulation sending it back to full mast. They held each-other close, and Matt rubbed his pole against Sophie's stomach, and she pressed her breasts into his chest, as they caressed each-other's backs and bottoms. Matt broke the kiss, and Sophie looked at him in confusion.

"Time to clean you up, Miss Swift," Matt grinned, picking up a bottle of orange-scented shower gel.

"Oh do it," Sophie said seductively. "I'm a dirty girl." Matt put some of the shower gel in his hands, and went straight for Sophie's big boobs.

"Oooo yeah ... Ohhhhh..." Sophie moaned as he rubbed her boobs with the shower gel. Despite everything that had happened recently, nothing could have ever hoped to quench Matt's in-built desire to touch boobs. And Sophie had some of the finest boobs he'd ever seen, though admittedly most of his boob experience came from his laptop screen.

Matt gave Sophie another kiss, and then, reluctantly, moved his attention away from her breasts. He ran his hands down her body, stroking her stomach, as she continued moaning in pleasure. He stroked her there for a while, before he continued down her body. He skipped past her groin, and headed straight for her legs, which he caressed sensually, Sophie's moans music to his ears.

Finally, when there was no more shower gel on his hands, he moved back up to Sophie's groin, and circled her hairless vagina with his fingers.

"Oh God Matt..." Sophie moaned. "Just do it ... please..." Matt obliged, and began rubbing her pussy lips softly, leading to more moans escaping her upper lips. He stuck his tongue out, and licked her, causing her to let out a squeal. Then, to Sophie's disappointment, Matt moved away from her vagina.

"Turn around," he ordered her.

"Oh you bastard."

"Just do it. I'm not done cleaning you yet."

Sophie turned around, and Matt stood up. He put some more shower gel on his hands, and got to work on rubbing Sophie's shoulders.

"Oh God Matt, you're such a fucking tease..." Sophie moaned.

"I try my best," Matt smiled. He slid his hands off of Sophie's shoulders, and down her back, eliciting shudders from her. He reached her bottom, and, before rubbing the shower gel all over it, he kissed each of her cheeks. He then stroked her perfectly-formed bottom, covering it in the shower gel.

Matt then reached around to Sophie's groin, and he resumed stroking her pussy. He stood up, and kissed her neck, as he rubbed her vagina sensually.

"That feel good, Sophie?" He asked her, and she answered with a nod. He found her clit, and stroked that with a thumb, while the rest of that hand's fingers were inserted into her warm wetness, thrusting in and out slowly. Meanwhile, his other hand found its way back up to her breasts, squeezing and playing with them. Matt's erection pressed against Sophie's ass cheeks, and he humped her as he fingered her vagina and played with her boobs.

"Fuck Sophie, your pussy feels so nice," Matt whispered into her ear.

"You try having it attached to you," Sophie moaned. "God Matt, I can't hold out much longer..."

"Cum for me Sophie. Cum hard."

A few seconds later, Sophie went over the edge. She cried out in pleasure, and Matt had to grab hold of her to prevent her falling over, her legs giving way to the pleasure that was coursing through her groin. He flipped her around in his arms, and held her close as she rode out her orgasm. When it was over, she just looked up at him, giggled, and kissed him.

"I love you," Matt said, rubbing her bottom.

"I love you too," Sophie said. "And now it's your turn."

"Oh?"

Sophie broke their embrace, and went to get the bottle of shower gel. She put some on her hands, and then started stroking Matt's back.

"Oh wow Sophie, that feels amazing..." Matt moaned, feeling his cock grow even harder. Sophie made her way down his body, and reached his ass, stroking it. Sophie then made her way around to Matt's front, and made out with him some more as she covered his muscular chest with the shower gel.

"Mmm, Lumiosa did good when she gave you this body," Sophie moaned as they kissed.

"Alexis didn't do too badly either," Matt moaned. Sophie then resumed her descent down Matt's body, until she reached his cock. She grabbed hold of it, and stroked its length.

"I'm particularly fond of this part of you," she said as she admired his length. "I doubt there's been a single Master in the whole of history who's not had their genie make their dick bigger, but I'm not complaining." Sophie then slowly pulled back Matt's foreskin, revealing the swollen head beneath. She stuck her tongue out, and licked it, causing a shudder to run through Matt's entire body.

"Aw, like that, Mattykins?" She asked cutely, and Matt responded by thrusting his cock towards her. "I supposed I'd better get to work on it then."

Sophie then gave Matt's tip some more licks, resulting in more moans from the teenage boy. Sophie put her lips over the tip, and licked some more, before she finally took his entire length into her mouth, a previous wish ensuring that she would have no problems accommodating Matt's whole penis.

"Oh wow Sophie ... Wow..." Matt moaned as she sucked him. He picked up a bottle of shampoo, and started rubbing it into her hair as he caressed it. Since becoming a Master, he'd received blowjobs from several girls, but none could do it quite like Sophie. If he could have laid down and just had Sophie suck his cock for the rest of time, he probably would have. Something which having a genie had taught him was, as well as that he very much liked sex, but that he was very disappointed it had taken him 18 years to start having it. But maybe if he'd gotten laid earlier, he wouldn't have enjoyed it nearly as much as this, since he wouldn't have had magic to improve it. 2 weeks ago he'd have probably cum within seconds of entering Sophie, and been out of action for 10 minutes.

Matt's contemplations were interrupted by his approaching orgasm. He leaned his head back, and, with a groan, he blasted his load into Sophie's mouth. This triggered Sophie's simultaneous orgasm wish, and she too felt her groin explode with pleasure. She moaned into Matt's quivering cock, which sent even more pleasant sensations into it, forcing a little bit of extra semen to shoot out. Sophie swallowed Matt's cum, and stood up to kiss him.

"Got one more load in you?" She asked.

"Always," Matt replied.

"Then give it to me."

Sophie turned around, and bent over invitingly. Matt positioned his cock by her vagina, and he grabbed hold of her ass, before sliding into her. The sensations were even greater than last time, both as a result of having cum already several times, but also as a result of the fact that Matt could feel the remnants of the last load he'd shot into her.

"Oh Matt ... that's it..." Sophie moaned. "Get right in there ... all the way..." Matt thrust hard and deep into her, loving every second of what was turning out to be the best shower of his entire life.

"Fuck Matt ... I'm not sure I can hold out much longer..." Sophie moaned even louder than before. "It feels too good..."

"Me too Sophie ... Oh my God, here it comes!"

The two teens groaned loudly, and clung onto the side of the shower, in order to try and support themselves as they came. Matt thrust in as deep as he could, and his cock filled with pleasure, as a large stream of cum shot out of the tip, and into Sophie's waiting pussy.

When it was finally over, Matt leaned down to kiss Sophie's neck, before pulling out of her. She turned around, and the two of them embraced, wrapping their arms around one-another, and fondling each-other's bottoms as they made-out. They rubbed each-other's skin, washing off all the shower gel and shampoo. Finally, once they were all squeaky clean, they turned the shower off, and got out. Sophie opened a cupboard and, briefly being interrupted by Matt squeezing her ass, she pulled out a large towel. The two of them got to work on drying each-other's bodies, paying particular attention to their naughty areas. When they were both finally dry, they made out a little bit more, before heading downstairs, not bothering to get dressed.

1827. A 16-year-old boy called David is out exploring the town where he lives, a small town in the American south. His mother had sent him down to the shops to pick up a few things, so down he went, holding the basket his mother had given him in his hand.

nd.

"Mornin' Mrs Johnson," David said as he walked into the shop.

"Mornin' David, what can I get for you?" She asked him.

"A quart of milk and a couple of ounces of that there ham joint please."

"Comin' right up, David. So how's your mother doin' nowadays?"

"As well as can be. She's got a mighty dreadful cough though, that just won't go away."

"Well, I'll pray for her."

Mrs Johnson gave him the milk and meat, and David set off carrying it home in the basket. On the way home, he passed the Jefferson farm, where he saw their two slave girls, Amelia and Jessica, working the land. They were 15-year-old twins who'd been in the Jeffersons' service for 3 years, during which time they were regularly reminded of the fact they were only bought because they were cheap. David admittedly had a crush on them, but he could never have gotten a chance with the Jeffersons' "property".

"Mornin' ladies," David said to them as he stood by the fence.

"Oh ... mornin' David," Amelia said. "We can't talk right now. Mr Jefferson's due to make his rounds in a few minutes, and we can't afford another beatin'."

"Beat two beautiful girls like you?" David said. "Why, I do reckon that Mr Jefferson's the devil himself."

"That's very sweet of you David, but sadly he doesn't see us that way," Jessica said. "And he's been in a bad mood all day. He'll probably have no hesitation lettin' it out on a bunch of "fuckin' Negros", as he likes to call us."

"What's the matter, his Mrs forget to "polish his flagpole" this mornin'?" David asked, and the two girls blushed.

"David ... you're such a joker..." Jessica said. "But you really should go now."

"Alright, but you two ladies owe me one," David smiled, before letting the girls walk off to get back to their work, which was probably for the best, as his penis was threatening to create a large bulge in his trousers.

He set off walking, but he then noticed something sat there, in the mud. It was filthy, but one little bit of it was shining. He set the basket down, and reached down to get the shiny object. He couldn't quite work out what it was, so he picked the basket back up, and walked down to the river. He took the muddy item, dipped it into the river water, and rubbed it to try and get the mud off. As he rubbed it, he felt it begin to warm up in his hands. The mud slid off, and grey smoke began pouring out of the tip. David let go of the lamp in shock, and backed away from the river. To his surprise, he saw the lamp float on top of the water, and the clouds of smoke begin to form the shape of a girl. She was beautiful, nude, and grinning at him.

"Greetings Master," she said. "I am Apriya, your loyal genie servant."

"Genie?" David asked. "What's that?"

"Why, simply the best thing to have ever happened to you, Master," Apriya replied, walking towards him. David backed away cautiously. "What's your name, Master?"

"D-David. David Brookman."

"That's a cute name. So tell me Master, what do you desire?"

"Desire?"

"Well Master, because you rubbed my lamp, I am bound to serve you for the rest of your days, granting every wish you make."

"So what, you're my slave?"

"In a way, but I am much more effective than an ordinary slave. For example, can an ordinary slave do this?"

Apriya then began, to David's amazement, to float into the air, and around him.

"My Gawd..." David exclaimed.

"No Master, it is you who is now my God," Apriya corrected him. "Whatever you desire, I can grant you."

"Anythin'?"

"Well, almost anything. Just tell me what you want Master, and it shall be yours."

As Sophie and Matt walked downstairs, they heard the sounds of the TV. They walked into the living room, and saw Alexis and Lumiosa, who were sat on the sofa with two Wii Wheels in their hands.

"What are you doing?" Sophie asked them.

"Teaching Lumiosa how to play Mario Kart," Alexis replied.

"I believe I am getting the hang of it," Lumiosa said. "I only came 4th in the last race."

"I figured I'd introduce her to some modern technology," Alexis said. "We watched the first series of Doctor Who, before we got the Wii out and I showed her video games."

"These devices are all remarkable," Lumiosa smiled. "Are you sure they're not magical, Alexis?"

"Positive," Alexis replied.

"Well I'm glad you two have been having fun," Matt smiled. "Sophie and I just had the best shower ever."

"Typical humans," Alexis said. "Always thinking with their groins."

"Oh says you," Sophie said. "The first thing you did on getting out of your lamp was to seduce me."

"Hey, gotta make a good first impression."

The two humans sat down on the other sofa, and looked over at the 4 lamps that they'd recovered from the society, which were sitting on the floor.

"I suppose we need to work out what to do with them," Matt said.

"And the other ones the society has," Sophie added. "They've got 217 lamps locked away somewhere that need liberating."

"Well if you two are truly exempt from the rules, then that should be simple," Alexis said. "We normally can't find our brothers and sisters with magic, because we can't use it on each-other, but you should just be able to wish for it."

"Alright then, do it," Sophie ordered. "Alexis, I wish for you to find all 217 of those lamps."

"Your wish is my command, Sophie."

Alexis closed her eyes, and began to focus.

"Now then, Brian said he was taking the lamps they recovered from Alex back to put them with the others," she said. "Which means they're probably at his house."

"Master, do you wish for me to assist her?" Lumiosa asked Matt.

"I can handle this myself, Lumiosa," Alexis said, almost offended that the other genie doubted her abilities. "Let's see ... typical, another mansion. No servants, I notice. He must have just got Lexia to do everything. Lots of magical protection though. He really got her working. Paranoid I guess, but considering the stuff Alex did to your friends and family, it's probably for the best. Wait, hang on. There's a door here. It's hidden. Properly hidden. Invisible to most people, except of course other Masters and their genies. Well this looks promising ... Ah, found you, my brothers and sisters."

"You've found the lamps!?" Matt asked excitedly, and Alexis nodded.

"So bring them here!" Sophie ordered.

"I don't recommend that," Alexis said. "I'm not sure this room's really equipped for the sudden appearance of 217 magic lamps."

"Well, I have a suggestion," Lumiosa chimed in. "We could just do this." Lumiosa then snapped her fingers, and Alexis looked confused.

"Hang on, where'd the room just go!?" Alexis asked. She opened her eyes.

"Well, I thought that since we couldn't bring the contents of the room here..." Lumiosa replied, before pointing over to a wooden door, which had appeared on the wall of the room. "Why not just bring the room itself here?"

"Nice work Lumiosa, I'll give you that," Alexis said, and Lumiosa smiled.

"Does this please you, Master?" She asked Matt, and he nodded.

"Very much so," he said.

"Hang on," Sophie said. "Are you saying that the room from Brian's house is on the other side of that door?"

"Yes Miss Sophie, that is correct," Lumiosa replied.

"But that's impossible," Sophie insisted. "On the other side of that wall is the kitchen!"

"Yes, and it is still there, and within the wall is the room from Brian's house. Miss Sophie, surely you are not doubting the power of a genie?"

"It's not her fault, Lumiosa, she's only human," Alexis smiled. "Now come on, it's time for you three to see this for yourselves."

The 4 of them stood up, and went up to the door. Alexis opened the door, and moved back, to allow the two humans to enter. They walked in, and looked around in amazement. All around them, on many shelves, were lamps. Each one had its own little compartment, where the lamp sat on a silk cushion, in spotless condition. Below all of them was a little plaque, which listed time and location where the lamp was recovered, the person it was taken from if applicable, and, for the ones where it was known, the genie's name.

"So many of our brothers and sisters, destined to never again see the light of day," Alexis lamented. "Koschei, Barnabus, Alfresco, Amia, Cressida ... oh look, there's Dorothea. I'd know that bitch's lamp anywhere."

"We genies are not supposed to speak ill of the human race, but ... these people were monsters," Lumiosa said, trying to hold back some tears.

"It's alright," Matt said, hugging Lumiosa. "It's alright..."

"Alexis, Lumiosa, are you alright being in here?" Sophie asked the genies.

"It's fine," Alexis replied, also clearly trying to hide her sadness. "Because you two are going to wish them out of here. To people who are going to let them out to do their jobs, as all genies should."

"Is that such a good idea?" Sophie asked.

"Sophie what are you talking about?" Matt asked.

"Well, look at all the people who have suffered at the hands of genies," Sophie replied. "The society have basically spent their entire lives as Masters being utter dicks to everyone not like them. And I have no doubt there have been hundreds, if not thousands more people like them throughout history, all of whom have caused untold suffering to people, simply because they had the fortune of finding a magic lamp."

"Sophie, I hope this isn't going where I think it is," Alexis said.

"All I'm saying is that maybe the society weren't totally wrong with wanting to keep the genies away from the world. Yes they've caused a little bit of suffering, but just think how much more suffering has been avoided by them keeping these 217 genies away from all the other evil people in the world!"

"Sophie, that's how the world works! And anyway, you're forgetting about all the suffering that humans have caused all on their own! And all the good people in the world! I have lived since the dawn of the human race, and let me tell you, there are far more good people than bad in the world. Yes you're avoiding some suffering, but you're also avoiding all the joy those genies would bring. Those 3 happy years I've given you, how would you have liked someone to have prevented them, in case you used me for evil?"

At this point, the 4 of them heard a ringing from Sophie's living room.

"Uh Sophie, your phone's-" Matt began.

"So answer it!" Sophie shouted. Matt went into the living room, Lumiosa following after him, and picked up the phone.

"Hello?" He said.

"Matt? Oh God, it's you!" He heard a moaning voice say down the phone.

"Mom!?" Matt exclaimed.

"Please Matt ... undo this..." His mother moaned. "I don't know how you've affected me, but please ... I can't take it any more..."

"Alright, hang on. Lumiosa, I wish for you to undo all the horniness on everyone in that classroom," Matt ordered his genie.

"Master, I'm sorry, but I cannot," Lumiosa said. "It was one of Miss Sophie's wishes, so I cannot undo it."

"Well let's get Sophie to undo it then," Matt said.

"Amelia, Jessica, get in here right now you lazy girls!" Mr Jefferson shouted to the two slave girls. They dropped their tools, and headed into the main house, fully expecting a beating to be awaiting them. They were therefore surprised when they came into the house, and saw a smartly-dressed woman stood there, holding a reasonably-large bag.

"This here woman's interested in buyin' you both," Mr Jefferson said. "Can't see why. Bunch o' good-for-nothin's. Cost me more in food than they make me."

"You'll be willing to let them go cheap then?" The woman asked.

"I never said that. The wife'd kill me if I let them go cheap. I wanna buy a couple of nice strong men with the cash. I couldn't get rid of these girls for any less than-"

"My Master is willing to offer $1000 for each of them," she interrupted.

"A ... a thousand dollars!?"

She laid the bag on the table, and opened it, revealing it to be full of money.

"Do we have a deal?" She asked.

"Uh ... yeah ... We do..." Mr Jefferson replied, going for the money. "We do indeed, Miss..."

"Showers, April Showers," Apriya replied. "Come along girls."

"Wait, don't you want their shackles?" Mr Jefferson asked. "They might run off."

"They won't run off," Apriya simply said. "Now come on girls."

Apriya led them out, and off the Jeffersons' farm.

"First of all girls, let me say that you have nothing to fear," Apriya told them. "My Master does not wish to harm you, but I do not recommend running away, because you won't succeed."

"Where are we goin', ma'am?" Amelia asked her.

"To see my Master," Apriya replied. She led the two of them through the town, until they arrived at a large mansion. Amelia and Jessica had never had many opportunities to explore the town, but they were sure this mansion didn't used to be here. Miss Showers led them into the mansion, and through its halls, to a particular room.

"My Master is in here, and he wishes to meet you," Apriya said. She snapped her fingers, and the door opened. "In you go."

The two girls nodded, and walked into the room, the door closing automatically behind them. The girls looked and realised they were in a lavish bathroom. In front of them was a large bath tub, sunk into the floor. In it was a nude boy, whom they recognised.

"Hello ladies," said David.

"David?" Jessica asked. "What's goin' on?"

"I bought you, of course," David replied.

"You bought us?" Jessica asked again, confused.

"I couldn't stand to see you two in captivity, so I had Miss Showers go and give Mr Jefferson $2000 to take you off his hands."

"But David, you're poor!" Amelia said. "You ain't got $2000!"

"I've got whatever I want," David said. "But listen ladies, I may have bought you, but I don't want you as slaves. I want you as more than that."

"More?" Amelia asked.

"Ladies, if you want, you can walk out that door right now to the freedom you've always wanted," David said. "Or you can stay here, and be my ladies. My girlfriends. My wives."

"Wives?"

"I don't wanna explain right now, but today I gained the ability to get absolutely anythin' I want. And I wanna to share it with you. I want you to be with me."

The two girls were still confused.

"What do you think?" Amelia asked her sister.

"I dunno..." Jessica replied. "I mean, anything we want? Is that possible?"

"Ladies, whether you walk out that door or stay with me, I promise you will never be unhappy again," David said. "But I'd really like you to stay here. I really like you both. I wanna be with you."

The girls thought about it for a while, and then decided.

"Alright, what have we got to lose?" Jessica said. "We'll do it."

"You won't regret it, ladies. Your lifetimes of happiness start now," David smiled. "So why don't you ladies hop in this tub with me?"

"In the tub? You mean ... naked?" Amelia asked.

"Of course," David replied. "Come on ladies, we're all friends here. Besides, don't you wanna wash off the dirt and sweat of being slaves?"

"I guess so..." Amelia said. She looked over at her sister, and the two of them began unbuttoning their shirts. David looked on with delight as they removed their clothing, until the two girls were naked.

"You ladies look even more beautiful than I'd imagined," he said, and they both blushed. "Now why don't you get in here and relax?"

The two girls walked over to the bathtub, and climbed in slowly, feeling the warmth caress their skin. David's cock was fully hard now, but it didn't bother him at all.

"That feel nice ladies?" He asked them, and they nodded. "Don't be shy. You're both beautiful." David sat in between them, and put his arms around them both. He stroked their skin lightly with his hands.

"You ... ain't so bad yourself," Amelia smiled. Both girls looked down, and saw David's erection through the water.

"Ladies, I really like you. A lot," David said, his hands climbing up their bodies.

"We like you too, David," Jessica said, enjoying the feeling of his touch on her skin. David then reached their breasts, and held them in his hands. The girls gasped, before smiling from the pleasure.

"Ladies, I wanna make sweet love to you both," David said. "Won't you let me?"

The two girls nodded, and grinned. David turned to face Amelia, and the two of them kissed softly. Deciding they liked it, they went back in for more, before Jessica pulled David off her sister, and onto her own face for a kiss.

"Gawd, you girls taste pretty darn good," David said.

"You ain't so bad yourself," Jessica grinned, before grabbing his penis.

"Hey, gimme some of that too, sis!" Amelia protested, also grabbing David's penis. "Like that, David?"

"You bet I do, ladies," David replied. "But I can't very well leave you both out of the pleasure."

David moved his hands off their boobs, and moved them down to their groins. The girls shuddered as they felt David touch their vaginas, rubbing them gently. As he did that, Amelia stroked his cock, while her sister fondled his balls. David re-positioned himself so he was facing them while they wanked him. He slid his fingers into both of their pussies, and rubbed their clits with his thumbs. It felt absolutely heavenly.

"Apriya..." David thought to his genie, using the mental link he'd had her set up. "I wish that when we climax, we'll climax together."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Apriya thought back. "Have fun."

David and the girls continued to stimulate one-another, enjoying the pleasure that came from having your genitals be touched by hands other than your own. David soon felt his climax approaching, the girls' hands driving him closer and closer to the edge.

"Oh Gawd girls, I'm gonna ... uhhhhhh..." David groaned as he climaxed, shooting his cum out into the water. At the same time, he felt the girls pussies begin to contract around his fingers, and he heard them cry out in orgasm.

When they were all finally done cumming, they cuddled one-another, and made out a little bit. David grinned widely when he saw Amelia and Jessica begin to kiss each-other passionately. Truly he was blessed to have found Apriya's lamp.

"Sophie, I need you to undo a wish you made," Matt said to his girlfriend. "My mom and all the people in the classroom at school are still horny. They need freeing."

"Fine, I wish for it to be undone," Sophie said, and Alexis snapped her fingers.

"Your wish is my command, now how about you make my wish your command?" Alexis asked.

"Alexis, I'm really not sure about it," Sophie said.

"Sophie, I'm sorry, but I'm with Alexis on this one," Matt said. "We can't just leave these lamps here."

"But what about all the suffering!?"

"Well ... maybe we could monitor them?"

"Monitor them?"

"We could make a wish that Alexis and Lumiosa would automatically know about every wish they make, so they could tell us if something questionable happens."

"I ... I guess that could work. But if we're gonna do that, I have some more suggestions."

"Like what?"

Mrs Evans looked around, and wondered what had just happened. One moment, she'd been about to make another wish, and the next, she and Apriya were stood naked on the stage in the main hall at Matt and Sophie's school. In front of them was a crowed of seated people; Becky, Mike, Max, Sam, Megan, Becky, Kelly, and Sophie's parents, Melissa and Jerry. Next to her, she noticed, were Matt and Sophie, along with their genies.

"Hello everyone, I'm sure you're all very confused, so let's get right down to it," Sophie said. "As you're all aware, Matt and I have genies, as does Matt's mother Julia here. But what you're not aware of is the fact that Matt and I have recently come into the possession of 221 other magic lamps, each one containing a genie."

"Sophie and I have decided that, rather than just keeping them locked up, those lamps should be distributed throughout the world, as has always been intended for them," Matt explained. "However, for 9 of them, this will not be the case. As our trusted family and friends, we have decided to give you each the gift of a magic lamp, with the request that the genies contained within be only used for benign purposes."

At this point, Alexis and Lumiosa both stepped forwards. They snapped their fingers, and 9 lamps appeared, floating in mid-air. They thrust their hands forwards, and the lamps flew into the laps of the chosen humans.

"Go now, and enjoy your gifts," Sophie commanded. Alexis and Lumiosa waved their hands, and everyone was instantly gone, and the 4 of them were back in Sophie's living room.

Max landed back on his bed, holding the lamp in his hand. He sat up, and stared at it. He couldn't believe this was really happening. His cock was hardening at the mere thought of what he was going to do. He rubbed the lamp frantically, and he felt it grow warm in his hands. Clouds of yellow smoke poured out, and formed into Lexia.

"Greetings Master," she said, materialising on her knees. "I am Lexia, and I-"

"I wish to have sex!" Max shouted. Lexia was a little taken aback by the fact he was so rushed.

"Very well Master, your wish is my command," she said, before standing up, and mounting him. Meanwhile, across town, Sam was having a very similar experience, having barely waited for the orange smoke to clear before ordering Ophelia to fuck him.

Megan, Sally and Kelly had all been together at Sally's house when it had happened, so the three of them rubbed their lamps together. Clouds of green, red and brown smoke poured out, which formed into Marcio, Iago and Barnabus.

"Oh wow..." Sally said as she saw the genies materialise. "It's all true..."

"Well I can't say I've ever had this happen to me before," Barnabus said as he looked around, and realised he'd been summoned along with two of his brothers.

"Well I'm not complaining one bit," Marcio smiled, before getting on his knees, and kissing Megan's hand. "Mistress, I am Marcio, your honoured genie servant. What do you desire, and would you like me to put it inside you?"

Julia, Mike, Becky and Apriya had all been at their home, so that was where they were returned to.

"Apriya, can't you stop this?" Julia shouted to her genie. "I don't want my husband and daughter having genies!"

"Too late honey, Matt gave us these, so we're using them," Mike said. He and Becky then rubbed their lamps. Clouds of Black and White smoke poured out, and Dorothea and Amia were formed, on their knees before them.

"Greetings Mistress, I am Amia."

"And I am Dorothea. What do you desire?"

Melissa and Jerry had both been at work when they'd been taken, and subsequently returned. Jerry called Melissa up, and he drove over to her, so they could release their genies together. The held hands, and rubbed their lamps. In clouds of gold and silver smoke, Alfresco and Koschei emerged.

Back in Sophie's living room, the two teens sat on the sofa.

"We've still got one last thing to do," Sophie said.

"Do it guys," Matt said, and the two genies nodded. A large hologram of the Earth appeared in front of them, before the 212 remaining lamps flew out of the storage room, and shot into the globe, scattering them around the world. They watched for several minutes as the lamps flew, before the flow ended, and the hologram of the Earth disappeared.
Chapter 14 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 14
Chapter 13 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 14
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Megan, Sally and Kelly were sprawled out on top of each-other on Sally's bed, sleeping deeply, to recover from the ultimate fucking that they'd all just received from their genies. Meanwhile, Marcio, Iago and Barnabus were sat on the bed with them, stroking their skin softly, and chatting.

"I do love having a Mistress rather than a Master," Marcio smiled. "Much better when they wish for you to fuck them."

"Oh yes, because you're so reluctant to fuck guys," Iago said sarcastically. "What about the time Sarah and Jürgen told us to fuck? You were more keen than I was."

"What can I say?" Marcio grinned. "I like sex."

"So, you two know each-other then?" Barnabus asked.

"Our last Masters were part of a society of Masters," Iago replied. "And from the looks of the calendar on that wall over there, it's only been a few days."

Barnabus looked over at the calendar, and was shocked.

"2015!?" He exclaimed. "My word, it's been longer than usual."

"When did your last Master die?" Iago asked him.

"1903," Barnabus replied. "I honestly expected his daughter to rub my lamp after that. I don't know how I've ended up sealed away for 112 years." Iago and Marcio stayed silent.

Alexis reclined on the sofa in her lamp, the one that had been a gift from a Roman senator she'd served, as something to remember him by. He was a pretty sweet guy. Loved cuddles as much as she did. Cute cum face.

She reached for her mug of hot chocolate, and took a sip, before setting it back down on the table, and picking up her diary. She'd not updated it for yesterday or today yet, so she had a lot to write. She opened it, and willed it to flick to the back. She ran her finger along the paper's surface, the words being automatically imprinted into it. After all, who needs a pen when you've got magic flowing from your fingertips?

[i]"Yesterday we finally stood up to the society. Matt and Sophie had us create alternate dimensions for them, where they can live out bad lives as punishment for everything they've done. I honestly don't know if I agree with it, but I'm very glad those people are gone now. They were no good.

Today we sent the lamps out into the world, to allow them to be found by humans who will become their Masters. We nearly didn't though. Sophie was against it, because she thought that those hundreds of people would just end up causing more harm than good, so she wanted to keep the lamps hidden. Matt convinced her otherwise though, and they had Lumiosa and I monitor the lamps, to ensure that nothing bad happens. I can already sense that 3 of them have been rubbed; two brothers and a sister."[/i]

Alexis reached the end up the page, and another appeared after it automatically, extending the already very long book.

[i]"I've been thinking about the future a lot. No-one's said it yet, but if Matt and Sophie are exempt from the rules, it means they can wish to be immortal. Not that I'd mind that. I like Sophie after all, and an eternity with her is much more preferable to more cruel Masters. I just wonder if they'll do it."[/i]

Alexis closed her diary, and let it float back onto the shelf where it lived, next to her first edition of The Canterbury Tales (She'd get around to reading it one day, she swore!) and Leonardo's painting of her reclining on the banks of the Arno. Every museum in the world would probably have begged her for it, but her Master had given her "La Bella dalla Lanterna" as a gift, and she would treasure it for the rest of her eternal existence.

Alexis got comfy with her hot chocolate, and looked around. This place wasn't huge, with most of the other rooms being taken up by the various nick-knacks she'd collected over the millennia, but it was home. The one place that no-one could ruin for her. Where she could be alone with her thoughts, with no humans nagging her to grant their mundane desires. Something she'd learned throughout her long existence was that, no matter the era, from the dawn of man to the 21st century, humans all want the same things. Mostly sex, with political power and wealth coming in close behind. Not that she minded granting those wishes, of course. She liked seeing how happy her magic made her Masters. It was just nice when people were a bit more creative in their wishes.

At this point, Alexis felt the familiar tug that came from her lamp being rubbed.

"Why must it always be when I'm getting comfy?" she lamented. She watched the clouds of light-blue smoke surround her, and seconds later, she was in Sophie's bedroom, facing her Mistress.

"What do you desire of me, oh great and wondrous Mistress?" Alexis asked, doing an overly-dramatic bow.

"Showing off, are we?" Sophie asked her.

"No, if I was showing off, I'd have emerged with a fireworks show and music," Alexis said, reclining on the bed. "So what's up?"

"Well Matt and I have been thinking..." Sophie replied. "And well, we want to fulfil one of the society's goals."

"No mindless slaves, I hope?"

"Alexis, please let our Masters speak," Lumiosa scolded her fellow genie.

"As we were saying," Matt continued. "Though the society was partly gathering lamps to keep them away from people who would misuse them, one of their goals with it was to attempt to meet the maker."

"There is no maker," Alexis said dismissively.

"Then who sent Lumiosa to Matt?" Sophie asked. "Who wrote the note? Who decided we should be exempt from the rules? Someone's been setting events into motion. It wouldn't surprise me if the maker's the reason I got you all those years ago."

"You got me because my previous Master was dying and he wanted to choose his successor, instead of leaving it to fate," Alexis told her. "You were chosen because you were in the right place at the right time. It could just as easily have been anyone else."

"What if it was more than fate though? What if I was there at that time because the maker made me be? What if your Master died at that moment because the maker wanted him to give you to me?"

"Sophie, the world doesn't work like that. The world is not being guided by some God-like being who made us all."

"Someone has to have made us."

"Master, Miss Sophie, if I may say something please," Lumiosa interrupted. "I do not know if there really is a maker, but if there is, I do not believe you will be able to find him. Though you are both exempt from the rules of the genies, I very much doubt that you will be able to simply wish for the maker to appear. His power would greatly exceed that of Alexis and I, and your only chance of meeting him would be if he himself wills it."

"Well we can at least try," Matt said. "I wish for the maker to appear here."

"Master, I cannot," Lumiosa told him. "I cannot summon someone without the faintest idea of who or where they are. I'm sorry."

"Well what are we going to do then?"

"I've got an idea," Sophie said.

"What?" Matt asked.

"Well, if we can't bring the maker here, why not go to him?" Sophie suggested. "If he really did create the universe, why don't we just go back to the start of the universe to see him?"

"That could possibly work," Lumiosa said.

"Except the fact that the society tried that, and they couldn't go back more than 50,000 years," Alexis said.

"Well maybe it'll work for us," Sophie said. "We don't know unless we try."

"There's no harm in trying," Matt said.

"I am willing to attempt it," Lumiosa added.

"Oh fine, we'll try, but it won't work," Alexis said. "Go on then, make your wishes."

"Alexis, I wish to go back to the beginning of the universe," Sophie commanded.

"Me too, Lumiosa."

A long, long time ago, a girl opened her eyes, wondering where she was. She sat up, and looked around her. She was in a completely empty room, where all the walls and floor were a golden-coloured metal.

Then, the information came to her. She was Alexis. That was her name. She was a genie. What is a genie, she thought, before the knowledge entered her head. A genie was a being who existed to serve humans. Soon, a human would rub her lamp, and she would be his genie servant until the day he died. She would use her magic powers to grant any wish he made. This would be her job for all eternity.

This was all very confusing for Alexis, who had only come into existence just a few minutes prior, and who had to take all this new information in. But then again, all information was new to her. Everything was new to her.

Alexis then felt a tugging sensation, and she instinctively moved onto her knees. Clouds of light-blue smoke surrounded her, and seconds later, she was in a dark, rocky place. Looking around her, she was in what appeared to be a cave. Cave. That was a word she'd just learned. This world was so interesting. In front of her in the cave was a group of people, gathered around a fire. One man in particular, she noticed, was holding a metal object. Her lamp.

"Master?" She asked. The group of humans all looked shocked.

Even longer ago, two humans and their genies were even more shocked. They looked around, and saw that they were floating in what appeared to be a completely black void.

"Well I was not expecting that to work," Alexis said, almost sounding impressed.

"What happened?" Matt asked. "Where are we?"

"Nowhere," Alexis replied. "We've gone back in time 14.6 billion years, to a few minutes before the big bang is scheduled to happen. That's why there's nothing here. Because there's nothing anywhere. The 4 of us are the only things in existence. I've had to make an invisible shell for us with air, heat and light in just so you two don't die, both because I like you, and because the prospect of waiting billions of years for human life to evolve so I can have another Master doesn't sound very fun."

"So what now?" Sophie asked. "There's nothing. No maker. Just us."

"My guess is, even if there is a maker, we won't see him," Alexis said. "He'll probably just will the universe into existence."

Sophie and Matt just floated there for a while, thinking.

"There's no maker," Matt finally admitted.

"Thank you," Alexis said. "So can we go home now? I've got a mug of hot chocolate waiting for me."

"Wait a second ... we're the only ones in the universe," Sophie said.

"Give the girl a prize," Alexis said sarcastically.

"What I'm saying," Sophie continued. "Is that if there's nothing here but us, how can the universe be created? You can't create something from nothing."

"What are you getting at?" Matt asked.

"Well ... maybe we create the universe? Maybe, just maybe, all of it's been for this. I got Alexis and you got Lumiosa so that we could come back and create the universe."

"Why would anyone do that? I mean, if someone can engineer all those events, why would they need us to create the universe? Surely they could do it themselves?"

"Maybe we are doing it ourselves."

"Sophie, are you suggesting that you and Matt are the makers?" Alexis asked.

"That's exactly what I'm suggesting," Sophie replied. "Maybe we create the universe. Maybe we created the genies and the humans. That's why we're exempt from the rules, because we made them. Everything happened so we could come back here and set the events in motion."

"It is possible," Lumiosa said. "We possess the ability to create a universe, so our magic could theoretically have created our own."

"I'm willing to believe it," Matt said. "After everything that's happened these past few weeks, I'm about ready to believe anything."

"What do you want to do then?" Alexis asked. "Wish for the universe to exist?"

"No," Sophie replied, shaking her head. "We should do it ourselves. We're exempt from the rules, so we can do whatever we want. Alexis, I wish to be omnipotent."

"Omnipotent?" Matt asked, confused. "Is that even possible?"

"Theoretically yes," Alexis replied. "Lumiosa and I are basically all-powerful, albeit limited by your desires. So if you desire the same power without the limitations, we should be able to give it to you."

"Master, if you wish for omnipotence, then I shall do as you command," Lumiosa said.

Matt thought about it.

"Alright, what have I got to lose?" He said.

"Well, we'll see about that," Alexis said. The two teens held hands. "Here we go then. You ready, Lumiosa?" The other genie nodded, and the two of them laid their hands on their human Masters.

"Will it hurt?" Matt asked.

"It's done," Alexis replied.

"Already?" Sophie asked, and the genies nodded. "So what, we're omnipotent now?"

"You should be," Alexis said. She conjured up an apple. "Try and make this apple disappear."

"Alright, I'll try..." Sophie said. She concentrated, and in an instant, the apple vanished.

"Oh my God!" Matt exclaimed. "Let me try." He snapped his fingers, and the apple re-appeared. Another snap, and it was gone.

"Yay Master!" Lumiosa clapped.

"So this is it then," Sophie said. "I guess we're the makers. We're going to create the universe."

Matt and Sophie took each-other's hands again.

"Do you want to do it, or shall I?" She asked.

"Let's do it together," Matt replied, and Sophie nodded. They raised their hands, and spoke clearly.

"Let there be light!" They shouted, and there was light. Infinite heat and infinite density, expanding outwards from the air shell that Alexis had created. Matter came into existence at the two omnipotent teenagers' command. In an instant, the universe existed. They watched in amazement as their creations moved, as what would eventually form the planets and stars and moons and everything else that would make up the universe moved expanded into position.

"It's so beautiful," Sophie said as she watched their creations.

"Amazing," Matt said. "Let these objects one day form planets! Let them be fruitful and bare life, so that one day, the human race may come into being!"

"Which reminds me," Sophie said. "We've got something to do. Come on."

The 4 of them jumped forwards in time billions of years, to a time when the human race was just developing. They stood in outer space, staring down at the infant Earth. They raised their hands, and spoke.

"Let there be lamps," they said. "Let each-one of these lamps contain a genie, who shall be forever bound to serve the human race. Let it be that whichever human rubs the lamp shall be the Master of that genie until the moment of their death. Let it be that they shall possess magical powers, with which they shall grant the every wish of their Masters. But let there also be limitations on these wishes! Let it be that no human may use their genie to extend their own lifespan beyond its normal length. Let it be that the existence of the genies may not be revealed to the human race as a whole! Let it be that no Master may affect the physical or mental state of another Master or another genie. Let it be that no genie may affect their Master without their consent. And let it be that no Master may interfere with the work of the genies. They may not undo another Master's wishes, nor prevent a genie from serving their Master."

As they spoke, the lamps began to appear. Thousands of lamps faded into existence as Matt and Sophie's commands took shape.

"Look, there's me!" Lumiosa shouted gleefully.

"Let these lamps go to the Earth, to begin their lives!" The teens ordered, and they watched the lamps fly away to the planet's surface.

"It's a spectacular sight," Matt said.

"Wonderful," Sophie smiled.

"And they saw that it was good," Alexis said, and the two teens smiled more. "You've still got things to do though."

Matt and Sophie nodded, and they jumped further forwards in time, to 2012. The younger Sophie was at Megan's house, about ready to go home for the evening. She was going to call her mother to pick her up, when she suddenly felt an urge to walk home that evening. Past that big mansion.

Having done what they intended, they continued forwards in time. They arrived in 2015, in the basement of Alex Brookman's house. There, the safe containing his 4 lamps stood, impenetrable. Well, impenetrable to ordinary people. Matt and Sophie willed it to open, and it swung out effortlessly.

"My lamp!" Lumiosa exclaimed. Matt raised his hand, and it floated towards him, into his grasp.

"It feels cold," he said. "Like it did when I first got it."

"Lumiosa's still dormant, waiting for a Master," Alexis said.

"So let's go give her one," Sophie said.

They arrived in Matt's neighbourhood, holding a package, which contained Lumiosa's lamp, a note in Ancient Greek, and a lot of bubble wrap.

"Him, over there," Matt said, pointing to the postman. "He's the one." They walked up to him, and attempted to hand him the parcel. "Deliver this."

"What?" The postman asked.

"Matt, you're going about this wrong," Sophie told him, before addressing the postman. "You will deliver this parcel to 45 Gottes Way. You will forget our faces. Our faces are not important. Just do your job."

"Yes ... do my job..." The postman agreed in a trance-like voice.

"See Matt, it just needed a woman's touch," Sophie smiled.

The two teens returned to their own time, and cuddled up on Sophie's bed.

"We did it," Sophie smiled. "We really did it. We created the universe."

"So what, does this make us Gods?" Matt asked.

"I guess so," Sophie replied. "I mean, we're omnipotent. There's nothing we can't do."

"Well that's all well and good," Alexis said. "And I'm happy for you both, really, but ... what about us?"

"What do you mean?" Matt asked.

"Well, you two are omnipotent now, so you don't really need us," Alexis replied. "I mean, our purpose, the reason you created us, is to grant wishes for people. But you don't need that anymore. You don't need us anymore. Why would you make a wish with us when you can have your every desire fulfilled with a mere thought?"

"What are you saying, Alexis?" Sophie asked.

"I'm saying ... I'm afraid," Alexis replied. "That's not something I say a lot. But I've always had a fear that one day I'll be lost. That one of my Masters would die and I'd be stuck in my lamp forever and ever because my lamp gets lost. But Sophie, you are my favourite Mistress in a long time. Possibly ever. And I'm afraid that now I'm not needed, you'll just pass me on like so many others have. Or worse, that you'll live forever, and you'll just leave me in my lamp, discarded."

"Alexis..." Sophie said, hugging her genie. "I would never do that. You're my friend. That's why I've always treated you like one. I let you call me "Sophie". I listen to your advice. When we have sex, I care about your pleasure as much as my own. I let you act independently. I would never just abandon you."

"Thank you Sophie," Alexis smiled, happy at her Mistress' resolve. "You're a good friend."

"You too, Lumiosa," Matt said, hugging his genie. "You're staying with me."

"Thank you Master, I am most happy about this," Lumiosa smiled.

Life after that mostly went back to normal. Well, as normal as can be with so much magic around. Matt's house certainly got lively, since, as well as Lumiosa, there was now also Apriya, Amia and Dorothea hanging around. Everyone's memories were erased of Matt and Sophie's exemption from the rules, but aside from that, there were no more secrets. Matt no longer had to hide Lumiosa from his family. She, along with his sister and parents' genies, spent most of her time outside her lamp. It all became very intimate; nudity around the house became the standard. Dorothea and Apriya started sleeping with Mike and Linda at night.

Matt walked downstairs one morning, to find his father fucking Lumiosa reverse-cowgirl on the sofa.

"Oh hey Matt," Mike said through his moans. "I hope you don't mind me fucking Lumiosa. Your mother and our genies are still sleeping, and Becky and Amia are at Jamie's, so I figured Lumiosa was my only choice."

"Of course I don't mind," Matt smiled. "Having fun, Lumiosa?"

"Yes Master..." she nodded through her moans. "Your father is ... most skilled..."

"Well I'm gonna go to school today, so see you guys later," Matt said.

"You sure?" Mike asked. "I'm sure Lumiosa would love you to stay so she can suck your cock."

"Nah, I'm fine," Matt replied, before leaving the house.

School life had changed too, due to the sudden arrival of 5 new students, all of whom had exotic-sounding names. Of course, the fact that there were now 7 genies in the school led to some strange events happening. Like how every guy in the 10th grade had found themselves with erections for an entire day. Or how Mrs Jackson, the teacher of Max's English class, had decided that the lesson one day should consist of her teaching the class how to properly suck Max off, with Max acting as the "reluctant" test dummy as every girl in the class took turns sucking him off. Or how Sally had become the only girl in a boys' PE class, who, after playing naked basketball for a while, all headed back to the changing rooms for a nice shower orgy. Or how Cindy and Dan had become cursed to orgasm whenever someone said their names, something that they were keen to go home and "play" with when it was discovered.

Several weeks passed like this, with everyone enjoying their lives. But for Matt and Sophie, it wasn't enough. Sure, they were having fun; most nights were spent in each-other's arms, after thoroughly blowing each-other's minds sexually. But they wanted more. A lot more.

"Everyone, thank you for coming," Matt said to his friends and family, as well as their genies, as he and Sophie stood in front of them all. "We have something very important to tell you all."

"Matt and I have been talking recently," Sophie said. "About what we want to do with our lives. We love it here, and we love you all, but it's not enough."

"Sophie and I made a discovery recently. Something which we've been hiding from all of you except Lumiosa and Alexis. And that is that we are immune from the rules of the genies."

"And we know why we are. It's because Matt and I went back in time, and created the universe. We created everything, including the humans and the genies. We've not told you this, but Matt and I are omnipotent. For all intents and purposes, we're basically Gods."

"It's why we've decided, after a lot of thought, to leave."

"Leave!?" Linda exclaimed. "You can't!"

"When we created the universe, we didn't just seed the Earth," Matt continued. "All across the universe, there are planets full of life, waiting for us to explore. And it's not just the planets that are around now. With our powers, we can travel through time on a whim. We can visit everyone and everything that has ever existed or ever will exist, something which only we, free of our limitations, can."

"So you're just leaving us?" Alexis asked.

"It's best this way," Sophie said. "You two can stay here, and live out your eternal lives in peace and happiness, with our families and friends to keep you company. You can spend the rest of time enjoying your powers however you choose. Our gift to you."

"Are ... are we never going to see you again?" Lumiosa asked sadly.

"Of course you will," Matt replied. "We'll come home and visit sometimes."

"You all mean a lot to us," Sophie said. "But this is what Matt and I want."

"Can't we come with you!?" Lumiosa asked.

"Sorry Lumiosa, but this is for Sophie and I to do," Matt replied.

"So this is goodbye then," Alexis said. "Goodbye Sophie, Goodbye Matt." There were lots of farewells. It was an emotional time for all of them. When it was finally time to go, Matt and Sophie held hands, and focused.

"Goodbye everyone," they said, before fading away into time.

Matt and Sophie held each-other's hands tightly as they travelled through time, happy to be together.

"So where do you want to go?" Matt asked his girlfriend. "We've got all eternity, so there's no rush."

"An eternity together," Sophie smiled, kissing him. "Sounds wonderful. I love you Matt."

"I love you too, Sophie."
Chapter 15 »
Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » DragoTime » A Boy and his Genie » Chapter 15
Chapter 14 » ✉️ Bottom
Chapter 15
Posted: 6/20/2015, 5:38:00 PM

Moune Agrison stepped off the ship, and looked up at the sky. It was so much different from the one at home. More blue. The breeze on her skin felt weird. It was a sensation she'd only experienced in the artificial garden chambers back home. To be outside without a protective suit was strange. She'd have to get used to it on this planet.

It didn't take long for Moune to reach her accommodation; just a 5-minute flight in a bus to get to the university campus. She'd be sharing a flat with a boy and a girl, which would be a change from her single-quarters back home, but it was worth it. She was the only person from her colony sector to ever be admitted into the Oxford-Cambridge University Alliance. It was the most prestigious university in the whole Empire, so she wasn't going to pass up the opportunity.

She checked into her student accommodation, and headed up to the flat, her luggage due to be delivered later that evening. She opened the door to the flat.

"Hello?" She shouted. "Anyone here?" No reply. Assuming she must be the first, she put her bag down, and looked around. The living room seemed reasonably large, with all the latest gadgets. Outside the window, Moune got a wonderful view of the city below; a sprawling metropolis, like many on the Imperial Capital planet. It was certainly a sight you didn't see back home.

Moune turned around, and saw, sat on one of the tables, a metal object. Moune didn't recognise what it was. It certainly didn't look like anything she'd ever seen before. She walked over to it with intrigue, and reached out to pick it up...

She regretted that. The instant she touched it, she felt an incredible pain in her hands, as it burned her skin with its incredible heat. It was strange though, since she's felt no heat radiating from it, and it did not seem to be damaging the table.

"Cressida, is that you?" A male voice shouted. "I told you to stay in your lamp!" Moune turned around, and saw a nude boy emerge from one of the bedrooms, yawning and stretching. He had a large erection, which was at least 3, maybe 4 Standard Length Units long. His muscles were well-defined, and his skin was flawless. He looked at Moune, and smiled. "You're not Cressida."

"That thing just burned me!" Moune shouted, holding up her hands to show her burnt palms.

"Well that's just terrible," the boy said. "Why don't you strip off and sit down on the sofa?"

"Strip off!?" Moune shouted. "What are you, some sort of ... Okay, I will." Moune had felt as though she HAD to obey this boy. She WANTED to obey him. She walked over to the sofa, and began pulling her clothes off. While she was doing that, she didn't notice the boy go over to the lamp, pick it up, and rub it.

The now naked Moune sat down on the sofa, and the naked boy sat down next to her.

"Are you going to tell me what that thing is now?" Moune asked, the burns on her hands still hurting.

"Something that I'm deeply sorry about," The boy replied, smiling as he looked down her body. "A pretty girl like you doesn't deserve to have that happen to you. I wish that your hands would heal."

"Your wish is my command."

Moune looked to her side in surprise, and saw a beautiful, naked girl, stood there in the room.

"Who are you?" Moune asked her.

"This is Cressida," The boy replied. "She's my ... flatmate."

"Where did she come fro-Oh my God ... they're healed!" Moune shouted when she saw her hands. The boy just smiled, and stroked her leg sensually. "Hey, what are you-"

"You don't mind me touching you. You enjoy having me touch you. You feel safe and secure with me."

"Yes ... I do..."

"So then, what's your name?" The boy asked her.

"Moune," she replied, enjoying feeling him stroke her leg. "I'm your new flatmate."

"I like your accent. Are you from Mars?"

"Yes, from colony 23."

"First time on Earth?" Moune nodded.

"I wanted to see my ancestors' homeworld. It's beautiful here."

"Not as beautiful as you are," the boy said, kissing her. "I'm from right here on Earth, in the capital. The name's Bothro."

"Master, do you wish for some privacy?" Cressida asked.

"Yes, that would be nice," Bothro replied.

In the year 30BC, the genie Lumiosa was following her Master Ahmose around, as he performed his daily duties in the Library of Alexandria. They could hear a large racket outside, and wondered what it was.

"What's that noise?" Ahmose asked.

"Would you like me to go and check, Master?" Lumiosa asked him.

"No no, I like having you here for company," Ahmose replied. "Instead, I wish for you to get under the desk and suck me off while I work."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Lumiosa smiled, before she climbed under the desk, and got to work on pleasuring her Master.

Unfortunately, Ahmose was so enthralled by his work and the pleasure his genie was giving him that he didn't notice two armed soldiers walk into his office. He didn't notice it at all until one of them slit his throat.

"Master!" Lumiosa cried out, emerging from under the desk. The soldier was about to attack her too, before the other one stopped him.

"Are you heartless or something!?" He shouted. "We don't attack women!"

"Oh fine..." The first soldier groaned. "But some advice girl, get out of here before it's too late."

The soldiers left, and Lumiosa tended to her wounded Master.

"Master! Master!" She shouted. He tried to speak, but could not. "Master, do you wish me to heal you? Please Master, I cannot heal you without your consent!" Ahmose simply continued to struggle, unable to speak. Lumiosa started crying as her Master died in her arms.

In the room with them, completely invisible, were Sophie and Matt, watching them.

"She must have really liked him," Matt said. "She's crying."

"She loved all her Masters," Sophie said. "Probably more than any other genie."

"I just wish we could help her."

"We can't. We know what happens now. Lumiosa returns to her lamp, where she remains for 2000 years until Alex finds her lamp, and then we recover it to give to you."

"I suppose so. It's still very sad though."

In the year 2021, Jamie Thereford held his new baby boy in his arms. His wife Becky looked on happily, after a painless birth.

"It is beautiful, Mistress," Amia smiled. "Perfectly healthy as well, just as you wished."

"I love him already," Jamie said, almost in tears.

"Give him to me, I wanna hold him," Becky said, and Jamie handed their baby to her.

"What will you call him, Mistress?" Amia asked. The two humans looked at each-other, and nodded.

"Matt," Becky replied.

In 2022, world-famous movie stars Max Walker and Sam Jenkins were leaving the premiere of their latest movie, walking down the red carpet, as hordes of girls tried to get up close to them. Two twin teenage girls jumped over the barriers, and ran up to them.

"Oh my God, it's really you!" One of them shouted.

"Can we have your autographs!?" The other one shouted, holding up one of their posters. "And a picture!?"

"Why of course," Max smiled. The two boys signed the poster, before the girls pulled out their phones to take selfies with their idols. The boys gave them kisses, which left them practically catatonic.

The boys got into their fancy car, sitting with their managers/genies.

"Ophelia, I wish that when those girls get home, they'll find their bedrooms full of our merchandise," Sam ordered. "Well, more than what they've no doubt got at the moment."

"Your wish is my command, Master," Ophelia said, snapping her fingers. "How was the premiere?"

"I enjoyed it," Sam replied. "The audience loved our nude scene."

"Hey Sam, how about instead of just giving those girls a load of merchandise, we give them another sort of load," Max suggested.

"You mean... ?" Sam asked, and Max nodded.

"Lexia, I wish for you to drive us to those girls' house," Max ordered. "Let's give them a night to remember."

Back in the year 3183, Moune walked into the first lecture of her university course, 'The History of Earth and her colonies: 2000-Present'. Well, she tried to walk, but she was finding it rather difficult. Her vagina was still tingling pleasantly from the intense fucking that Bothro had given her last night, and her body was rather off balance, by way of her breasts and bottom being much larger than they'd been the previous day.

Moune sat down at her place, and pulled out her tablet, which was filled with all the teaching resources that their lecturer, Professor Swift, would be using.

"Hello everyone, sorry I'm late," Alexis said as she walked into the room, and took her place at the front. "I'm Professor Swift, but you can call me Alexis. I do hate formality."

"Yes, you've never been particularly fond of that, have you?" Everyone turned to see two naked people, who looked no older than teenagers, appear at the front with Alexis.

"Sophie, Matt!" Alexis exclaimed happily. "Um ... class dismissed."

"But we've only just started!" Someone shouted.

"That's great, but I've got more important things to do," Alexis told them.

The three of them teleported back to Alexis' home, which was one of the largest and most magnificent homes on the planet, with the exception of the homes of the Imperial Family themselves.

"So where's Lumiosa?" Matt asked as he laid down on the sofa. "I wanna see her."

"She's probably in her lamp," Alexis replied. "She tends to hang out in there a lot."

"Well let's bring her here," Matt said. He raised his hand, and Lumiosa's lamp flew out of one of the rooms and into his hands. "Wow, I've not done this in a while." Matt then slowly rubbed the lamp, and clouds of pink smoke poured out, forming Lumiosa.

"Alexis, what have I told you about interr-" Lumiosa began, before she saw their visitors. "Master! Miss Sophie!"

"Hello Lumiosa," Matt smiled as the three of them embraced, Alexis soon joining it.

"We've missed you both so much," Alexis said. "How long's it been since we last saw you? 300 years?"

"291," Lumiosa corrected her.

"It's been even longer for us," Sophie said. "Close to 10,000 years since we last visited you I think."

"10,000 years!?" Alexis exclaimed. "What have you two been doing!?"

"Oh, lots of stuff," Sophie replied. "We visited the 12 moons of the planet Jalifrax. We made love in orbit around a dying star. We shared a milk bath with Cleopatra."

"That girl knows how to suck cock," Matt smiled.

"We did do other things though," Sophie continued. "We visited Earth a few times. Our Earth, not this interplanetary Empire that it's become. We watched Matt rub Lumiosa's lamp for the first time. The look on his face was priceless."

"I remember that," Lumiosa said. "You were most confused, Master."

"I can't help it, I'd never expected genies to be real!" Matt shouted.

"And I never expected to be a God, yet here we are," Sophie said.

"We're not Gods!" Matt insisted. "We're just omnipotent. There's a difference."

"That's not what other people think. How many cultures have worshipped us now? 12? Those people on Ribos were cute. I loved those statues they made of us."

"Alright, so maybe we're Gods. Or at least, some people consider us Gods."

"This is all sounds so fascinating and exciting," Lumiosa said.

"It is, but life on Earth's good too," Sophie said. "I'm always thinking back to the times we spent together. Those 3 years where Alexis and I were BFFs, and those few weeks after Matt got his lamp. I'll have those memories with me forever."

"As will I," Alexis said. "I'll always be grateful to you for giving me this freedom."

"Yes, and you've been one of my kindest Masters ever, Master," Lumiosa said.

"I'm glad of this life we've got," Sophie said. "We're more privileged than anyone else. Even the other Masters."

"And I wouldn't trade it for the world," Matt smiled, kissing Soph

If anyone would like to make a story in this universe, then I would be honoured. I only ask that you allow me to check the story first, and you follow the guidelines here: https://mega.co.nz/#F!xFgymCST!c3sm2rfvfpjBWz5UeHRSyA
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"A Boy and his Genie"
     

The End
View the Matt and Sophie's Genies Universe

    | Posted: 2015-06-20 DragoTime's Blog Share: twitter Tweet 

Home Top DragoTime's Page   Feedback to author
