Big Changes At Home Ch. 01
bypolyman©

Chapter One: A Harmless Evening Out

"But it's Wednesday," Owen said with a groan, and a roll of his eyes.

"I don't care! It's not every day that my young man turns Twenty-One. I'm taking you out on your birthday to buy you your first drink!" Taryn, Owen's mother, said firmly.

Taryn looked at her son with a confident look on her face that told him that she wouldn't be moved. She was determined to have an outing with her son, Owen. The two of them seemed to be drifting a part; they were not as close as they once were. Even her daughter, Rosina was far too caught up with school, to go shopping with her, like they used to. Both of Taryn's children were in College, and school dominated their lives. Now that they were growing up and didn't need her care, she felt useless all of a sudden. She had devoted her life to raising her children. Her crisis hit her once Rosina, her youngest, had started College last fall. It was since then that her feel that she had outlived her usefulness grew. This evening would be the start of a new and closer relationship between her son and herself, Taryn told herself.

Owen looked at his mother and shook his head. He had just spent the last ten minutes trying to argue with his mother that he didn't have the time to go out tonight. Sure it was his birthday but it was a Wednesday, and everyone was busy. The family gathering would be on Saturday, like it always was. Rosina was frantically studying for a mid-term on Friday. His father was still at work, prepping for yet-another big case. What Twenty-One year old wanted to be seen partying it up with is mother! Besides, it wouldn't be his first drink anyways, Owen was in College, and alcohol wasn't exactly hard to get a hold of on campus. He glanced back at her and was about to say no, but the sad look in her eye, rather than the firm look on her face, convinced him to agree to it. He had been studying really hard these past few weeks and an evening out might be fun, even with his mother.

"Fine," Owen sighed, relenting to his mother's demands.

"Goodie! Where do you want to go, 'birthday boy?" Taryn said with giddy excitement that she couldn't contain. She threw her arms around her son in glee and shook him from side to side.

"Alright, Alright! I said I was going, already!" Owen grumbled. The grin on his face betrayed his gruff façade that he was trying to keep up. "Birthday man, thank you very much!" he said with a chuckle and a light scowl.

"Fine, 'birthday man', where are we going?" Taryn asked with a victorious smirk on her face.

Owen thought for a moment, after all, it was a good question. Where do you go to "party it up" with your mother? Nowhere that anyone could recognize you, that was for sure! After a moment of thought, and picked a bar that was on the other side of town, yet away from the College that he and Rosina attended. The evening was set and the pair went to their rooms to get ready to go out for Owen's Twenty-First birthday.

Owen dragged his feet a bit in order to get dressed for the evening out. Even though he agreed to it, he wasn't looking forward to being seen in a bar with his mother! He only hoped that nobody he knew would ever hear of this night! With a groan of regret he walked out of his room and down toward the front door.

Owen was surprised to see that his mother was already ready and waiting for him by the front door. She hadn't seen him approach as she was taking the essentials out of her purse and slipping them into her jeans. She was clearly excited about this evening, you almost thought it was her birthday outing, not his. When Taryn bent over to pick up her keys that she dropped, Owen took in a sharp breath.

Taryn, his mother of Forty-Three, looked like a woman almost half her age! Owen couldn't help but trace the shapely curves of her rear with his eyes. Her large breasts peeked out from the sides as she swiftly stood back up. He had to admit that his mother looked hot, even though she was not "supermodel material". Sure, she carried a few extra pounds on her shorter than average frame, but she carried it well. She had an hourglass figure, just a slightly larger one than most people expect. Her breasts were larger than most women's, yet still in proportion to her "generously proportioned" hourglass figure. Her red hair was thick and wavy as it cascaded down her back to her waist. A wave of red glinted in the hallway light as she flicked her hair once she stood back up. A gleam was in her green eyes when her eyes met his, as he descended the stairs.

Taryn looked at her son walking down the stairs toward her and pride filled her as she noted the man that he had become. He stood slightly taller than she did, and seemed to be the perfect height for hugging. His brown hair was short and cut in a side-part, just like his father's. His blue eyes could easily melt her resolve when he pleaded for this or that. He had a slender physique that his regular early-morning running routine had earned him. She was proud to have raised so handsome and respectable a son.

"So are you driving or am I?" Owen asked as he approached his mother.

"Are you kidding? Neither of us are driving tonight, we're drinking! The taxi is just outside," Taryn said with a queer look on her face as she pointed at the door.

They then left the house and soon were sitting in the back of the taxi as it sped them on their way for their evening out. Owen sat there and wondered what it would be like to see his mother drunk. Would he have to protect her, nurse her, "baby-sit" her? Never had he seen his mother so much as slightly tipsy and the thought of her drunk was an odd concept. He looked her over and for the first time he was curious to see what this evening would lead to. Just how "wild and crazy" would his conservative mother get? He had to stifle a chuckle as he thought of his mother, "pissed to the gills" standing on the speaker dancing and screaming.

They pulled in front of the bar in what was a seedier part of town. Taryn looked around and wondered why her son would want to go here, rather than a nicer bar, closer to home. She looked around her and saw: dirt, filth, decay and poverty all around her. She stood closer to her son and glanced up at him with a quizzical look.

"Are you sure this is the right place? Do you really want to go here for your birthday drink?" Taryn asked Owen with a quietly pleading look. It was a look of "let's get out of here."

"It'll be fine. I know it doesn't look like much on the outside, but it's much better on the inside, so I've been told. I've heard great things about it." Owen said with a convincing smile that he hoped his mother wouldn't see through.

Owen also didn't really want to be there and normally wouldn't go to this end of town. Again, that was the whole reason for going here, so that nobody would see him "out on the town" with his mother. I mean if anyone recognized him he would forever be trying to live down the "momma's boy" image!

"It'll be great." Owen said with a confident smile as he put his arm around his mother's waist and ushered them inside.

The inside of the bar was as run-down as the outside suggested. It was dimly-lit, even for a bar. There were an assortment of tables and booths scattered about everywhere there was space. There was a modest sized dance-floor off in one corner and the DJ booth was in the wall overlooking the dance-floor. The crowd seemed to be the rowdier and rougher type, though they stuck to themselves. It was the kind of place that people went to "not be seen", and everyone ignored everyone else. That at least was a plus as far as Owen was concerned. The service was fast if not terribly friendly, before long Owen and Taryn were holding a beer each.

"To my little boy who finally grew up!" Taryn said with a proud smile as she raised her beer.

"Thanks mom," Owen replied with clenched teeth behind his gracious grin.

They took a sip of their beer and Owen had to admit that it was odd drinking beer with his mother. Taryn smiled warmly at her son as she sipped her beer and reveled in the thought that the dingy bar forced them to cozy up to each other. She was enjoying her evening out with her son anyways, despite her surroundings. A song that Taryn liked started to play and with a squeal of glee, she grabbed her son by the arm and pulled him up to the dance-floor.

The evening wore on and more beer was consumed, and many more songs were danced to. Owen was uncomfortable dancing with his mother, but after a few songs he got used to the idea. Eventually the odd concept of being in a bar with is mother didn't seem so odd to him. He had to admit that she didn't look all that different to the other women in the place. She had jeans and a nice blouse on, just like the other women and in fact was one of the prettier women in the bar. There were a few women that Owen wouldn't have minded to make a move on, but you don't ditch your mother to hit on chicks.

Things took a strange turn, much later in the evening. Owen and Taryn were dancing to a fast tune that they both knew when it ended suddenly. Instead of another fast tune, a slow song started to play and everyone on the dance-floor started to pair up. Everyone that is, except Owen and Taryn; this fact was not lost on Owen. He looked around and saw all the "happy couples" dancing around him and the pain of being single hit him.

"Let's dance this one," Owen said with a smile on his face as he grasped his mother's wrist.

"I don't think so dear, I really should sit down," Taryn replied with a shake of her head.

Both Taryn and Owen were quiet tipsy at this point, and the pair of them were not too steady on their feet. The alcohol was starting to hit them now, and neither of them "were feeling too much pain." While they were not "falling down drunk," they were seriously buzzed to say the least. Perhaps it was for this reason that Owen did what he did next. His frustration and anger of being alone and rejected by a woman yet again flooded forth. With a firm tug on Taryn's wrist he pulled her toward him and suddenly Taryn found herself in Owen's arms on the dance-floor, swaying to the slow tune.

"I said I want to dance this one." Owen said with a firm, if slightly arrogant tone of voice.

"I don't think so dear. I really should sit down for a bit," Taryn protested and started to leave.

Taryn found that she couldn't break free of Owen's powerful grasp. The harder she tried the harder he held on to her, after a bit she gave up and resigned herself to dancing the slow tune. With a gruff sigh she rested her head on his shoulder and decided to enjoy the moment with her son.

"Alright, we can dance this one, if you really want." Taryn said with a smirk on her face.

For a short bit, they danced the slow tune and all was well. Owen noticed that the other couples were dancing much closer than he and his mother were. Since Taryn was his mother she kept a close yet respectable distance from the waist down. Owen had trouble seeing her as his mother just then; to him she was a woman in his arms. Slowly, yet firmly he pulled her closer to him until they were flush against one another.

"Let me go, we shouldn't be this close," Taryn protested as she started to back away from Owen.

The trouble was, with Owen's firm grip of her, she was not able to back away at all. The most she could do was squirm and wriggle against him, but not put any space between them as she wanted to. The strangest thing about the whole incident was the wetness that was growing in her panties. For some reason the fact that she couldn't get her way was exciting her. It was inevitable, but soon enough Taryn's movements produced a sizable lump in Owen's pants. Taryn froze when she felt it, and knew she had to stop squirming, that instant. She was not able to break free from her son's powerful grasp and was only succeeding in turning him on. She then rested her head on Owen's shoulder and settled into the now very intimate, if inappropriate embrace with her son.

Taryn was conflicted and old feelings started to come back to her, feelings she long thought dead. The logical part of her knew she had to get away from Owen and sit down in order to cool off. Yet another part of her was excited to not be able to. It was a part of her that she thought she had conquered long ago; part of her liked it when a man took charge. Even thought it was her son who held her intimately on that dance-floor, she was excited. The phrase slipped past her lips before she could stop herself.

"I kinda like it when a man takes what he wants," Taryn said in a whisper before she drew a sharp breath of shock.

What was she doing? What was she saying? Did she know just who she was saying this to? Did she really tell her son she liked it when he forced them to dance so close? Taryn didn't understand what was going on but simply told herself that it was the alcohol talking. She clung to this and decided that it would be nice to open up to someone, someone who loved her.

"I sometimes wish your father would take me now and again," Taryn whispered in Owen's ear, with a light chuckle. "Heck, I'd settle for him simply taking notice of me once in a while," she lamented and sighed heavily.

Almost instinctively Owen started to rub Taryn's back in an effort to soothe his mother. As he comforted his hurting mother Owen was confused by the recent events. His actions of the last few minutes were certainly not his usual behavior. Worse yet was the fact that each time he took a bold liberty with his mother and got away from it, he felt a surge of power and excitement course through him. The fact that he could force someone to do what he wanted, turned him on greatly. As he stood there holding his mother skin tight in his arms, he had to admit that her body felt great right where it was.

Taryn sighed with content as the strong man in her arms started to caress her. She felt safe in his powerful embrace and reveled and relaxed because of that reassuring thought: she was safe. Her guard continued to fall as she held this man who she loved and felt herself opening up to him even more.

"We barely have sex anymore and when we do, it's boring and quick. He doesn't have energy for anything other than work these days. I'm still a woman, I have needs you know," Taryn said with a regretful lament and huffed a frustrated sigh.

It was as if by simply admitting her unsatisfying sex life, those feelings of loneliness, and unfulfilled desire flooded forth. Before she knew what she was doing Taryn clutched the man holding her just a little tighter. She then started to grind herself against the thick erection still pressing against her. It was just the right height and she could rub her clit against its hardness and waves of pleasure shot through her. At that moment the music changed and the slow song was replaced with one with a hard beat. She was lost in the moment of pleasure and continued to grind herself against the manhood sticking into her. When two hands slid down her body to find the cheeks of her ass, Taryn remembered just who was holding her.

Owen was past the point of caring and was on fire from the sensation of his mother grinding herself against him. Firmly Owen grasped each cheek of his mother's ass like he owned it and pulled her to him even tighter. Waves of intense pleasure shot through both of them as Owen ground himself against Taryn's pussy. Once again the feelings of power flooded Owen as he simply took another liberty with this woman, and got away with it.

Taryn had to bite her lip to stop herself from moaning due to the pleasure of the moment. She loved the fact that once again this powerful man had his way with her; made her do something she didn't want to do. Her pussy flooded as she felt powerless to stop him from grinding himself against her on that very public dance-floor. Taryn closed her eyes tightly as she lost herself in the moment. Her intense pleasure built and built until it reached its peak. Taryn's eyes shot open and she looked into her son's eyes as her orgasm hit her. Her mouth opened and she had to stifle a scream at the last second as her body rocked with pleasure. Her eyes never wavered from staring deep into the eyes of the man who had brought her to orgasm. Once her climax subsided she slumped into his arms and enjoyed the tight and powerful embrace, his hands still squarely on her ass, practically holding her up.

Owen was beside himself now and the "dark feelings" as he called them were quickly taking over. He had just dry-fucked his mother to orgasm on the dance-floor. He had made her cum when she didn't want to even hold him, and she had let him! He knew that this was not normal; mothers and sons didn't usually behave this way. He still couldn't stop himself, he was more turned on than he had ever been before. He still wanted more, he wanted more power . . . more control . . . more submission from her.

"Come!" Owen commanded as he abruptly left the dance-floor.

Owen's departure was so quick and so unexpected that Taryn stumbled a bit because of it. She looked around to see that Owen was departing the dance-floor. Her legs started moving before she told them to, and she found herself following her son. Logic started to return to Taryn as she walked swiftly to catch up to her son. What the hell had just happened? Did she really just let her son dry-fuck her to orgasm on the dance-floor? All of the things that had just happened to her, made no sense to her. Yet she couldn't deny the fact that she was more turned on now than she had been in quite a while! Without pausing to think about what she was doing Taryn followed Owen into the men's bathroom.

The dirty, yet vacant men's room brought her back to reality as she glanced around the room. It was filthy and in worse shape than the rest of the run-down bar. Three urinals were along one wall and a beyond them were three bathroom stalls. Along the other wall was three sinks with one large mirror. One more glance around the room found that the far bathroom stall door was open. Swiftly she walked over to it, still not of her own volition. There, seated on the toilet, looking like a king on his throne was Owen. His pants were still up but he just sat there on the toilet and emanated confidence and authority.

"Get over here and suck my cock," Owen commanded calmly.

Taryn shifted her weight and almost took a step towards him before she stopped herself. "Are you nuts? I'm your mother for Godsake!" Taryn snapped in a disgusted tone of voice. "You've had too much to drink young man! Let's go home," she said in a firm tone of her own as she pointed to the door.

"I'll decide when we're done here!" Owen snarled in an angry tone that he had never in his life used on her. "NOW GET OVER HERE AND SUCK MY COCK!" Owen screamed at his mother in an outraged tone of voice.

"GO FUCK YOURSELF! THERE'S NO WAY I'M DOING ANYTHING LIKE THAT!" Taryn leaned in and yelled at her son with all the disgust and outrage she felt at the moment. After a half-moment of staring each other down Taryn said. "Find your own way home. We'll talk about this tomorrow young man!" she said with a disgusted tone of voice.

With that Taryn turned and swiftly walked toward the door of the men's room. It was a room that she shouldn't have been in, preceded by an incident on the dance-floor that should never have taken place. She was confused and shocked over what she had done and why. She never heard Owen approach and the first time she felt his presence it was too late. Swiftly Owen grasped Taryn by both arms and held them to her side. As she sputtered her stunned protest she quickly found herself in the stall that she had just seen Owen in. With a sharp bang the door to the stall slammed closed and Taryn turned to see Owen backed up against the door, facing her. He had a look of determination and outrage on his face and she knew what he wanted. 


"Sweetheart, you're not yourself," Taryn said sweetly.

As she looked at the firm and confident man who blocked her only exit from the cramped stall her insides did a flip. His eyes bored into her and she felt her knees and resistance weaken. She was starting to feel timid and meek, and that is what scared her more than her son's actions at that moment.

"Now, get on your knees and suck my cock," Owen said calmly, but with absolute conviction and authority, clearly he meant it.

"Let's just talk about this," Taryn said in one last attempt to talk her way out the frightful situation.

"I TOLD YOU TO GET ON YOUR KNEES AND SUCK MY COCK!" Owen growled through gritted teeth with seething hatred as he grasped a clump of Taryn's hair and pulled back.

Tears formed in her eyes as she knew he was serious and fear shot through her. Rather, fear and excitement coursed through her as her son towered over her in larger than life proportions. Even though he stood not much taller than she did, he seemed ten feet tall to her at that moment. She looked into his eyes silently pleading for him not to do this; it was her one last plea. Suddenly, Owen yanked down on Taryn's hair and she dropped to her knees before him. Now she was eye level with the bulge of his jeans, and she couldn't take her eyes off of it.

"Now. I'm going to let go of you, and then you're going to suck my cock . . . Right?" Owen commanded, in a calm and collected tone of voice as he looked down at her.

Taryn looked up at him and the last vestiges of her resistance vaporized in the heat of his stare. Meekly she nodded her reply, and a tear ran down her left cheek as she looked back at his jeans-covered erection. The pain in the back of her head was now gone as Owen let go of her hair. Now was her chance; she could run for it, try to scurry under the bathroom stall and make a break for freedom. Perhaps he would catch her, perhaps not. She should at least try, shouldn't she? She did want to, didn't she? At that moment as Taryn looked up at the man who stared down at her expectantly, she wasn't sure.

Taryn was surprised to see her hands rising up to the fly of Owen's jeans. As if on auto-pilot her hands unbuttoned his jeans and unzipped his fly. She pulled back the flaps of his jeans and tugged on them to drop the jeans down to his knees. The bulge looked bigger than ever now as it throbbed slightly from within its tighty-whitey confines. Without pausing her hands rose up to the waistband of the undergarment and pulled down so that they joined his jeans, at the knees.

Taryn looked at the stiff, swollen member standing proudly out before her and looked it over in wonder. While this cock was about the same length as her husband's cock, the shaft was considerably thicker. As well the head of it swelled out like the exaggerated head of a mushroom. As she looked at the thick cock before her, she wondered if she could fit it in her mouth . . . or pussy. Speaking of which, her pussy was dripping at that moment, as she looked over the wonder of the male anatomy.

Taryn forgot her surroundings or just who's cock she was looking at. She didn't notice that she was kneeling on a dirty, tile floor of a men's bathroom. She didn't remember that it was her son's cock that she had just reached up and grasped around its base. She completely forgot that she didn't want to be there or do what she was about to do. With one last lick of her lips she leaned in to suck this powerful man's cock. All Taryn knew was that this man had commanded her to suck his cock and she had to obey. She couldn't fight it anymore, the need to submit and obey him had won her over.

Taryn looked up into the eyes of the man who dominated her as she took the head of his cock into her mouth. As the thick head somehow made it past her lips she felt her whole mouth fill up with it. She took as much of his cock into her mouth as she could, before she backed off until she was kissing the head. Once more she pressed forward and took him deep into her mouth. Slowly she picked up the pace and started to bob her head up and down on the cock she quickly adored. She loved everything about it: the softness of its skin, the way it filled her mouth, the oversized head, and the heat of it. Even though she was sucking hard on the cock and bobbing up and down on it swiftly, this was not enough for Owen it seemed.

"Take it all! Swallow it all dammit!" Owen growled in frustration.

Taryn had only been able to get about half of it into her mouth before it hit the back of her throat. She couldn't seem to take more of it without gagging. On the next few bobbing attempts she tried to take more if it, she tried to comply, but she just couldn't. A minute later, with a growl of frustration Owen reached up and grabbed Taryn's head. Taryn panicked as she knew what was going to happen next. One way or another that cock was going down her throat, and at a pace that was not hers to set!

Steadily Owen pulled on his mother's head and pulled her toward his groin. The inevitable moment came when the head of his cock hit the back of her mouth. Something deep inside Taryn told her to relax and it would go easier. Since she couldn't stop the inevitable, she did just that, she closed her eyes, relaxed her throat and gave in to him. To her surprise that thick head entered her throat and while she started to gag for a bit, the feeling passed quickly. Soon she felt hairs on her lips and she opened her eyes with a shot to see that she had indeed taken all of him down her throat. For the first time in her life she had deep-throated a man, and was actually proud that she had! Just as steadily as it had gone down her throat, it withdrew until only the head remained inside. Once again the cock was forced into her mouth and down her throat. This time she didn't gag as much, and even reveled in the feeling of the phallic member sliding down her throat. The pace picked up quickly as Owen's grip on her head intensified almost to the point that it started to hurt.

Taryn knew that she was completely helpless in this situation. She was powerless, she was at his mercy, and she loved it! She couldn't deny the fact that she loved being used to bring him pleasure. Her mouth was a vessel for his satisfaction and her pussy was dripping because of it. Those desires to submit and be dominated that she thought she had conquered so long ago, consumed her at that moment, and she was in love with them. Nothing else mattered but pleasing him, bringing him joy and pleasure.

"Oh God! Cumming!" Owen said with a grunt and pulled swiftly on Taryn's head.

Taryn panicked as the cock slid down her throat one last time, she had never swallowed a man's cum before. She had only sucked on her husbands cock a few times and even then finished him off in a tissue. Now, not only was she going to have him cum in her mouth but down her throat! She wouldn't even have the option to spit it out afterwards. She barely had the time to think these thoughts when the head that was now lodged down her throat swelled up. She felt a blast of something warm hit the back of her throat and her first instinct was to swallow. This brought a moan of pleasure from Owen as the action served to "milk" his cock and prolong his orgasm. Spurt after spurt of cum shot down Taryn's throat and she kept swallowing until finally the spurting subsided all together. Just as suddenly as it started the pain on the sides of her head stopped as Owen let go of her head.

Slowly Taryn pulled herself off of him and the cock finally slipped past her lips. When she looked at it once more she smiled to herself at its beauty. Instinctively she reached out with her tongue and began to lick it clean. For the next moment she licked every last inch of the cock she loved until it was shiny, clean and hard once more. Finally she looked up into Owen's eyes but she didn't see her son anymore, she saw a powerful man, a man she had to obey, despite her better judgment.

"Ah, that was good! You must keep dad a very happy man indeed if you suck his cock like that!" Owen said with a satisfied smile as he leaned back against the door.

"I never take him that far into mouth, and I never let him cum in my mouth," Taryn replied meekly, looking down at the floor.

"Really? I find that hard to believe, you seemed to know what you were doing," Owen said with a slightly surprised tone of voice.

"I guess I was just waiting for a man to show me how to do it right," Taryn said as she looked up into Owen's eyes with a smoldering look in her eyes.

What did she just say? What was going on? Why did she feel the compelling need to submit to this man, to submit to her son? Why did that thought alone bring an extra twinge to her pussy everytime she thought it. Her son, she had just sucked off her son, there it was again. She, Taryn Thompson, wife of Richard Thompson the successful lawyer, mother of two, had just sucked off her son and swallowed his cum. What's more . . . she loved it! She didn't know what was happening to her but felt powerless to stop herself. Owen's sharp tone of voice brought her out of her private thoughts.

"I said, stand up!" Owen said in a demanding tone of voice.

Taryn stood up immediately; at that same instant her knees started to scream in pain. The tile floor had not been kind to her knees and she rubbed them for a moment. She looked into Owen's eyes and wondered what was going to happen next. She feared that he may take things too far, another part of her feared that he wouldn't. Most of her wanted this madness to stop, but part of her needed it to continue. It was like a drug that once she got her first taste, it only left her wanting more. She glanced down at the cock that she had just sucked and knew that she wanted to feel that thing buried in her hot, wet pussy.

"Open your blouse," Owen demanded and looked down at Taryn's breasts.

Taryn shook with fear, she didn't move and only tensed up. She didn't hear him say that did she? He didn't just order her to expose herself to him, did he? She looked at him with pleading in her eyes and meekly said, "no." Almost as soon as that word left her mouth did his hand leave his side, contacting her right cheek with an unexpected slap.

"WHAT DID YOU SAY?" Owen roared an inch from her face. "I said open your blouse and I mean NOW!" he said in an angry tone of voice. He glared at Taryn and that weak feeling returned to her with a vengeance.

With shaking hands Taryn reached up and started with the top button. One by one she unbuttoned her blouse, with each button her mind was screaming at her to stop. Part of her wanted to refuse and end this dangerous game that they were playing. Yet, for some unexplainable reason Taryn couldn't stop herself, try as she might she couldn't stop unbuttoning her blouse. She didn't want to reveal herself to her son, but yet she was. That was the strange thing; she was standing there in that dingy bathroom stall unbuttoning her blouse so she could show her son her breasts. She was doing this on his command; she was revealing herself simply because he ordered her to. She was under his spell and couldn't break free. When the last of the buttons were undone she pulled up the garment out of her jeans and pushed it all the way open, revealing her front to his hungry gaze.

"That bra fastens up in the front, doesn't it?" Owen asked with a cheeky smirk on his face.

"Yes," Taryn replied, and her stomach sank; she knew what was going to happen next.

"Good. Undo that bra and show me your tits," Owen said calmly and stood there glaring at her bra covered breasts.

Taryn felt like closing up her blouse and bursting past him, yet without hesitation her hands moved before she told them to. It took less than a moment for her to unfasten the front-clasping bra and let her sizable breasts spill free. Taryn was mortified to be standing there, effectively nude from the waist up in front of her son. The throbbing in her pussy and the excitement she felt about all of this pushed her onward. She looked down to the floor, too ashamed to see his reaction. How would he react to seeing his mother's breasts? Would he tell her how ugly and fat she was? She knew she didn't look like the girls his age, she knew her breasts weren't perky.

"Damn mom you're hot!" Owen said with conviction as he ogled his mothers breasts.

What did he say? In a flash Taryn looked up into Owen's eyes and intently scrutinized his face. The look on his face was not one of sarcasm or humor as she had expected but of wonder and lust! How could he look at his plump, forty-three year old mother and say she was hot? Taryn didn't understand it; she didn't look anything like the girls in fashion magazines. She knew she was a little on the plump side, her breasts sagged and had started to show their age. As she looked at his face she couldn't deny the fact that in his eyes at least, she was hot.

"Thank you," Taryn said, in a gratified tone of voice, a warm and thankful smile was on her face.

It was a strangely sensitive and touching moment in the middle of this bizarre scene. Richard, her husband, had long since told her she looked hot! Sure he would tell her she was beautiful now and again, but it never rang with the same desire as Owen had just used. For the first time in a long time she felt desired, wanted, sexy; alive!

"Nice tits," Owen said as he reached up and caressed her left breast.

Taryn's knees actually buckled and she almost collapsed at the shock and intense pleasure that his touch brought. For a moment Owen lightly caressed and stroked Taryn's breasts and it took all her concentration to remain standing or not moan. Openly and lazily the son caressed his mother's breasts, occasionally tweaking a nipple. Taryn was lost in the pleasure of the moment and reveled in the long missed sensation of a man playing with her breasts.

"Turn around and bend over," Owen said with a husky tone of voice.

That brought Taryn back to reality and those words stirred up the fear and anticipation inside her once again. Even though she was in conflict over this development, she obeyed, as now seemed to be second nature to her. This change in behavior also troubled Taryn. She didn't even think about whether or not she wanted to do it, Taryn simply did what Owen said, just because he told her to. It was that troubling thought that dominated her mind as she reached out and braced herself against the far wall, bending over, lewdly.

Owen looked at his mother bending over before him, with her blouse and bra hanging open. He paused to drink in the vision before him and he was shocked and surprised about all that she was doing, just because he said so. He knew that he could get her to do anything he wanted now. He knew just as she did, that he was going to fuck her. He also knew that she wanted him to, he could smell her excitement. The smell of her heated pussy fed his excitement and he deeply inhaled the smell. Now, Owen was even more obsessed with the power he held over her than before. Simply to fuck her was not enough, he wanted her to ask for it, no, beg for it. He wanted her to admit to him that he was in charge. He was going to make her his Slave.

"Drop your pants," Owen said in a calm and confident tone of voice.

Once again, with shaking hands, immediately Taryn unbuttoned her pants. In one swift motion dropped her pants and panties down to her ankles. She then resumed the bent over position that she was in before. Taryn couldn't believe that she was actually bent over a toilet, her breasts hanging free, her pants and panties around her ankles, waiting for her son to fuck her.

She felt his hand touch the small of her back and she knew this was the moment. She expected to feel his cock splitting her pussy-lips at any moment, but this did not happen. Instead that hand started to roam and wander over her naked ass. This hand was joined by another; Owen openly caressed and explored his mother's shapely rear end.

Taryn's inside melted under her son's touch, somehow he knew just how to touch her. Somehow he could bring her exquisite pleasure from the simplest touch. Yet Taryn was not going to give her son the satisfaction of moaning out in pleasure. She bit her lip and kept silent as pleasure shot through her body as her son's intimate caresses of her rump continued. When his hands brushed over her pussy, she couldn't stifle a moan, and it was long, low and loud moan at that.

"You like this don't you?" Owen asked expectantly, as he traced the outline of her pussy.

"Yes," Taryn said quietly, with a tear in her eye.

"Your son is playing with your pussy and you love it don't you?" Owen asked with a sneer in his voice as he continued to circle her pussy.

"Yes," Taryn said and let out a solitary sob, as another tear streamed down her cheek.

Taryn realized that she had even lost the power of speech; she couldn't even keep her mouth shut when he asked her something embarrassing. She needed to obey him; she needed to answer him. Taryn was crying because she knew that she was losing the battle over herself, she was losing herself to her son. She was becoming his; she knew that things would never be the same between them. Were they changing for the better or for the worse?

"You're standing there, bent over, are you expecting something?" Owen asked arrogantly, as he brushed his finger over Taryn's clit, causing her to shudder.

"Yes," Taryn moaned out with burning lust as she hung her head.

"What are you expecting? What do you want?" Owen asked as he dipped a finger into her wet pussy.

"You know what I want," Taryn snapped, and glared at him over her shoulder with tears and fire in her eyes.

"No. I don't. Tell me exactly what you what me to do," Owen said with a victorious smile on his face.

"Fuck me," Taryn sobbed out, in a bare whisper as she hung her head in shame.

"What was that? I didn't hear you," Owen said with a cheeky tone of voice as he moved his caressing to his mother's inner left thigh.

"FUCK ME! STICK THAT GORGOUS COCK OF YOURS IN ME AND FUCK ME!" Taryn shouted with an urgent tone of voice before she burst into tears.

The shame of what she had just admitted was too much for her. She had just admitted to her son and herself that she needed this fuck. It had been a very long time, if ever, that she had been this turned on. She needed to feel that hard cock pounding into her, now! She didn't care what she would have to do to get it, she needed it; she needed that cock, her son's cock. Taryn sobbed as she was mortified with herself for wanting to fuck her son.

"But do you deserve it?" Owen asked with a curious tone of voice as he traced his finger from her slick slit and up the crack of her ass.

"What? I've done everything you've said! I'm bent over and ready for it! I need your cock!" Taryn said in a moaning whine in amongst her open sobbing and tears. "FUCK ME DAMNIT FUCK ME! she shouted over her shoulder with a determined glare.

"You have been a good little girl, I'll give you that," Owen said with a chuckle as he slid his finger back down the crack of his mother's ass.

"Exactly! I've given you what you want now give me what I want! Fuck me!" Taryn pleaded as she tried valiantly to stop her crying that continued, unabated.

"Yes, I'm sure that you want me to fuck you, but is that what you really need?" Owen asked with an inquisitive, yet arrogant tone of voice. His finger now paused at his mother's asshole and circled it for a moment.

"You have your mother bent over, begging you to fuck her, begging her own son to fuck her! What more do you want?" Taryn asked with a shameful tone of voice as she hung her head and cried uncontrollably.

"It's not about what I want, but what you need . . . Slave," Owen said in a confident tone of voice as he thrust his finger into his mother's ass.

At the mention of the word "Slave" Taryn felt a bolt of pleasure shoot to her pussy. As well, a hunger cried out for satisfaction from somewhere deep within her soul. Upon her being called a Slave, a part of her soul craved that title, like a man dying of thirst, craves water. Her need had a focus now, she felt it. She had always known it, but now it had been brought to the forefront of her mind. Taryn needed to be a Slave . . . she needed a Master.

"No!" Taryn moaned whiningly, in what was supposed to be an angry protest. "I just need you to fuck me!" she sobbed out meekly, and in an unconvincing manner.

"We both know it is exactly what you desperately need. Ever since the dance-floor you've been a good little Slave," Owen said as he drove his finger deep into his mother's ass, causing her to hiss her unexpected excitement.

"No," Taryn moaned but by now she had stopped crying.

The better part of Taryn was fighting with the "Darker recesses of her soul" as she called it. Part of her was crying out desperately to be his Slave, to have her son as her Master. What was left of her sanity and logic was screaming not to give in, that it was just the heat of the moment. Taryn was afraid of what the future held, afraid of what life would be like as the Slave to her son. That thought caused her knees to buckle as lewd images flooded her mind.

"No? You're not my Slave?" Owen asked daringly as he leaned forward and removed his finger from her ass.

"No," Taryn said in a weak attempt at a denial, a denial that rang false.

"Suck my cock," Owen said in a plain tone of voice.

As soon as the words left his mouth Taryn sprang to life. In an instant she spun on the spot and dropped to her knees so fast, knees hurt something fierce. Even before she knew what she was doing she had his cock in her mouth and had started her bobbing action. Owen looked down at his mother sucking his cock for a moment and smiled a cheeky smile at her.

"Sit on the toilet facing me," Owen said in the same, casual, off-handed manner.

Once again Taryn stopped what she was doing instantly, and hopped back up so she was straddling the toilet, looking up at him, waiting for another command. Taryn didn't like this game, she knew it was meant to demonstrate what they both already knew: she was his to command.

"Finger-fuck your pussy with your left index finger," Owen said with a victorious smirk on his face.

With a sparkle in her eye Taryn buried her left index finger in her pussy so fast her hand was a blur. That hand never stopped moving as she thrust her finger madly, in hopes of achieving the release she craved.

"Stick that finger up your ass and fuck your ass with it!" Owen said firmly.

With a slight frown on her face Taryn did just that, she thrust her slick, left index finger into her ass. It was something she had never done before, never had even thought of doing before. Now, here she was with her legs spread wide finger-fucking her ass as a show for her son! Even her better self had to admit that she was powerless to resist him.

"See, you'll do anything I tell you, won't you?" Owen asked as Taryn continued to finger-fuck her ass while looking up into Owen's eyes.

"Yes," Taryn said with a husky growl in her voice, her finger never stopping, nor her eyes never wavering.

"Why's that?" Owen asked with a knowing look on his face.

Taryn only replied with a scowl. She refused to say it out loud; that would be the last straw. That was the last thing standing between sanity and insanity. She may actually be doing anything he said but she couldn't admit that she was his Slave. It would be too humiliating to be her son's Slave; and yet her soul was screaming out for it. She still had the burning need to be dominated; she still needed to be owned, to have a Master.

"Why do you do anything I tell you?" Owen repeated with a firm tone of voice. He looked at Taryn with an expression that bored into her. She couldn't look away and so the last of her resistance faded, she was finished and she knew it.

"I'm your S. . . Slave," Taryn said in a quiet, meek tone of voice, looking down when she said it.

"What was that?" Owen asked as he turned an ear toward her.

"I'm your Slave," Taryn said in a normal tone of voice as she looked up into his with a fearful tone of voice.

"Are you now?" Owen asked with a cheeky tone of voice and smiled to himself for a moment. "Stop finger-fucking your ass and lick that finger clean," he said in a deadly-serious tone of voice, looking right into Taryn's eyes.

With a horrified look on her face Taryn removed the finger that had been in her ass and brought it to her lips. Her eyes never left his as she stuck the finger in her mouth and closed her lips around it. With a distasteful look on her face she withdrew her finger and sucked it as she did so. The look on her face portrayed her mood clearly; she didn't believe that she had just done that!

"I guess you are my Slave. So what does that make me?" Owen asked with an arrogant tone of voice.

"My Master," Taryn replied with a wavering tone as she closed her eyes.

"As my Slave, do you swear to serve your Master faithfully? Will you do anything I command, without question? Will your sole purpose in life to see me pleased with you?" Owen asked with a firm tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said as she looked up at Owen with a look of love and devotion.

"Do you surrender your will completely, and pledge yourself to my service until death?" Owen asked as he stepped closer to Taryn.

"Oh YES, Master!" Taryn moaned dreamily; the way she responded surprised even her.

"The Slave, bend over and prepare to be fucked by your Master!" Owen commanded.

In a flash Taryn was bent over the toilet as she had been before. Once again she felt Owen's hands on her, but this time they were on her hips. Taryn's right hand shot between her thighs to guide Owen's cock to her pussy. As expected, she felt the warm fleshy member touch her hand. She was so excited to finally be getting fucked that she pulled on it slightly to speed him up. A deep moan escaped Taryn's lips as that glorious head kissed her nether-lips. Owen didn't tease her at all, he pushed forward and the head passed into his mother's pussy. The moan that Taryn let out didn't stop until Owen was fully buried into her pussy.

"Oh, Master you fill me up so much! You feel so good in me." Taryn mewed with utter contentment.

Taryn was in a state of pure bliss, though her sanity wept. Taryn had that thick cock she had sucked twice that night finally buried into her pussy. It was the thickest cock she had ever had, the most wondrous cock she had ever let slide into her. At that moment she couldn't remember what her husband's cock felt like. Nothing existed but her and her Master. She belonged to her Master and her Master was finally fucking her. Now that she was a Slave to a Master, oddly enough, she felt complete. She felt like a hole in her heart and soul that had been left open to let in the wind was now filled. Taryn sighed and smiled to herself as her Master withdrew his cock and began the much-anticipated fucking.

"Oh Slave you have a tight little pussy," Owen moaned out as he slammed back into his Mother's pussy hard.

"Thank you, Master, Fuck your Slave, Master! I'm all yours, Master!" Taryn sobbed out tears of joy and relief that freely course through her.

"I know, Slave," Owen said with a soothing tone of voice as he slammed into her roughly.

"Oh God you fuck me good, Master! Better than anyone ever has!" Taryn mewed as smiled a smile that wouldn't vacate her face.

Taryn and Owen continued to fuck hard and fast in that bathroom stall. It didn't take long for Taryn to cum and cum hard. When her orgasm hit, she tensed up and moaned out while thrashing about. Suddenly, while she was still climaxing Owen grabbed Taryn by the hair and pulled her up so that she was standing up in front of him.

"Does my, Slave like what her Master has given her." Owen said into Taryn's ears with a husky growl.

"Yes, Master!" Taryn said with all the breath that she could manage and this sent her into another orgasm.

The combination of the two hit Taryn so hard that everything went hazy for a moment. After a moment Taryn awoke to find the cold plastic of the toilet seat against her cheek. Owen was still pounding into her pussy, relentlessly. The sudden wave of pleasure that hit her, caused her to moan out once more as she stood back up to brace herself against the wall.

"CUMMING! SUCK ME! SWALLOW IT!" Owen screamed out and pulled out of Taryn's pussy with an audible pop.

Taryn dropped to her knees and immediately wrapped her lips around her Master's cock. This time she didn't go down on him, she kept the head of the cock just inside her mouth. This time she wanted to taste him, she wanted to know what her Master's cum tasted like. She didn't have to wait long for she had barely wrapped her lips around it when the head swelled up. Owen's cock blasted the cum she had been waiting for into her waiting mouth. As expected, Taryn loved the taste of him, and let it pool in her mouth. Once he was finished cumming she let his cock slip from her mouth. After savoring the taste and sensation of his full load in her mouth she swallowed it. After opening her mouth to prove to her Master that she had done as expected, she then smiled lovingly up at him, expecting praise.

"Good, Slave, you swallowed it all, now lick my cock clean," Owen said in a loving and tender tone of voice in return.

Taryn smiled up at him and the instant he praised her, she felt elated. Her Master had given her and order, she had obeyed and he was pleased; she had fulfilled her duty. Taryn sighed happily as she leaned in and proceeded to lick the cock she had just sucked off, clean. Before long it was clean and she smiled up at him once more.

"Good, Slave, now straighten up, we need to go home," Owen said with a tender and calm tone of voice.

It wasn't long before the two of them were in a taxi on their way home. Taryn snuggled up to her son, who was now her Master, and sighed contentedly. She didn't pause to think of the how or why it happened, all she knew was that it had; that she was happy. Taryn loved her son now more than he had ever loved him, or had loved anyone else. He had fulfilled a need in her life that she never knew was missing. She was fulfilling a need in his life that he had never know was there. They needed each other and had found each other; that was all she needed to know. She needed and loved her Master and her Master needed and loved his Slave. They were bound to each other with a bond that nothing in life or death could break.

As they walked up the steps to the house, Taryn walked beside him, hand in hand. Taryn wondered what would happen now, how would they incorporate this new relationship into their old lives. How would they keep this a secret from her daughter and husband? Would they keep it a secret? Could they keep it a secret? Then a chilling thought hit her, what if it was all a game to him? What if it was nothing more than the alcohol talking? What if Owen didn't really want to be her Master, what then? She barely heard the door close behind them and looked at the floor as she removed her shoes; she couldn't look at him. If it was true, she didn't want to know, not yet. Owen walked over to the hall phone and scribbled something on the notepad that was always by the phone.

"Goodnight Slave." Owen said in a whisper before he kissed Taryn on the lips with a lingering and loving kiss.

With that Owen turned and walked up the stairs, leaving Taryn standing there, elated. She was still his Slave, he was still her Master! All was right with the world, so she sighed a deep sigh of relief. It was then that she noticed that she was holding something in her hand. She looked down to see a crumpled up piece of paper and quickly read it.

'Bring me breakfast tomorrow morning at 6:30 sharp! You will deliver it to me wearing your bathrobe and nothing else! Breakfast will consist of: one egg over-easy (no runny whites), two strips of bacon, hash browns, one bagel, toasted and buttered with cream cheese, one glass of orange juice, one coffee (two creams, two sugars).'

Taryn sighed and clutched the note to her chest and knew one thing. While she didn't know what the future held, she knew that she would face it with her Master, and that would be enough . . . for now. She walked up the stars, weary for she knew that she needed to get some sleep. Tomorrow would be an early day if she was to continue to please her Master. She new that she would, she couldn't think of doing anything else; what a difference an evening makes.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 02
bypolyman©

Chapter Two: The Morning After

The alarm clock screamed at five-thirty that next morning, Taryn groaned as she smacked the annoying device into silence. She laid there for a moment, staring at the clock, trying to decide whether or not to get up. With a mutter of protest she rolled over and tried to go back to sleep. As she snuggled in for some more, precious sleep, a thought hit her: Master wouldn't be pleased with her if she didn't bring him breakfast. That thought caused her eyes to shoot open; Master, how could she forget about him. A sigh of regret escaped her lips as she looked up at the clock once more, and tried to remember just how the hell she had gained a Master. Then the events of the previous night rolled through her mind like a scary movie she couldn't turn away from. She remembered: the dancing, the dry-fuck, the bathroom, the submission . . . her submission . . . her complete and total submission to him. She had submitted herself to her son and swore to be his Slave. A sigh of contentment left her lungs when she thought that thought: her son was her Master, and she was his Slave. She pulled back the covers and knew that she had to get moving, in order to get ready for him.

Taryn took extra care as she showered and washed herself that morning. For the first time in a long while she took pride in how she looked. She had always made sure to keep herself presentable, but it was the little things that she had let slide. It had been a while since she had shaved her legs, years since she had paid any attention to her pubic hair. It was normal for Taryn to not shave for a week or so.

What did it matter? Nobody looked at her that closely anymore, certainly not her husband. Richard was far too busy with work to spend any serious time with his wife, when he was home he was too tired to have sex most nights. Even when they did have sex it was hurried and unimaginative: purely for his pleasure. Taryn couldn't remember the last time Richard had ate her out, or sucked on her breasts. It was no wonder why Taryn let her pubic hair grow wild, all that would stop that morning. Taryn took great care in shaving everywhere that a woman should shave. She cleaned and preened herself after the shower was over, trimming up her bush so that the "wild wilderness" was gone. The shower took longer than she had expected, but felt the time was well-needed, as she wanted to be presentable for her Master.

There was that word again that stirred up feelings of bliss and fear in her. Part of her loved having a Master, and she was happier than she had been in years because of it; she felt complete. Another part of her was scared of this development and wanted to find a way out of it, writing the whole experience off as a bad night of drinking. Taryn knew it was not the alcohol that made her do what she did last night. That was the most sobering thought, for this morning she was not drunk and yet here she was throwing on her sheerest robe in order to cook breakfast for her son . . . her Master.

All through cooking breakfast she checked the note and the clock regularly. She wanted to everything to be perfect for him; she wanted to show her Master that she was a good Slave. The argument of "what the hell was she doing?" continued in her mind, regardless of what she did to do to push it out. With no time to spare, at six-twenty-nine, she picked up the tray and walked up to her son's bedroom.

Owen woke up with a yawn and looked around the darkened room. He felt a little tired and sore that morning, and contemplated going out for a run, but decided against it. Glancing out at the window and seeing the rain that poured outside confirmed it, he would visit the gym instead. Slumping back down on the bed he rubbed his eyes and tried to shake the feeling that something was different this morning. He looked around the room and wondered what it was; nothing was different. He could see no new boxes to show any extravagant purchases, that one might regret the next day. He hadn't done any shopping yesterday, all that he had done yesterday was go to school, study and go out with his mother.

His mind froze as that last thought crossed his mind: his mother. What had he done to his mother? Why did he do it? How could he do it? He had completely dominated her and made her swear to be his Slave for life . . . but why? Sure, he had loved the whole experience and felt more alive and turned on than he had been in his whole life. The power and pure excitement that coursed through him during that experience was unbelievable, and yet natural. The strange thing was that everything seemed to be second-nature to him. Nothing seemed stilted, awkward or strange to him, and that what scared him the most. He could grow to like it, he already loved that feeling of power he had when he ordered his mother around and she complied. It was a double hit of excitement, one jolt of excitement when he ordered her, the next when she complied. The sooner and more diligently she complied, the greater the thrill. Was this what he really wanted? Until last night he had never thought of his mother in a sexual way. He had never harbored deep, lustful feelings for her, but last night he not only fucked her, he made her his Slave.

Was this really the way that he wanted to live? Did he really want to spend the rest of his life barking orders at his mother? What about other women, what about a girlfriend or wife? Did this mean that he wanted them to be his Slaves to? The man he was last night was not the man that he thought he was, or wanted to be. He sighed once more and rested his head back on his pillow to try to sort it all out.

Perhaps he was getting worked up for nothing, perhaps his mother didn't remember the previous night. After all, they had been drinking, perhaps she would just see the whole evening as a drunken game. Owen would see how his mother would react and follow her lead. He wouldn't apologize right away; he would wait until she talked to him about it. They could share a laugh over the silly and dangerous game they had played and see it as nothing more than the alcohol.

Owen looked at the clock: six-twenty-nine. A fuzzy thought hit his mind: Six-thirty, something was supposed to happen at six-thirty, and he wondered what appointment he had missed. Was there an early morning class that he had forgotten about? He searched his mind to figure out what he was supposed to do that morning, damn, he would have to skip breakfast.

Breakfast! there it was, he had ordered his mother to deliver him breakfast at Six-thirty this morning. He had given her very specific instructions on what he wanted and how he wanted it delivered. Panic settled in as he thought of what he would do if she actually did bring him breakfast in bed just like he told her to. What would that mean? Would that mean that she liked this new arrangement and wanted to be his Slave? He glanced at the clock and saw it turn to six-thirty and watched it intently, hoping it would turn to six-thirty-one. If he could skip over this minute it would be okay, then he would know that she wasn't coming and . . .

Then the door opened up slowly and his mother backed into the room, pushing the door open. She was carrying a tray of breakfast and from where he lay he could see that she had indeed carried out his instructions to the letter. Owen glanced at the clock and saw that it was still six-thirty; she was even on time. One glance at his mother standing there, closing the door with her foot, holding the tray of breakfast, left him speechless. Her red hair fell down her back in its naturally body-wave. She was wearing makeup for the first time in a long time, and her face looked quite pretty. She was wearing a white, silk robe that floated away from her body and it was his guess that she was naked under that robe.

Taryn smiled at him with a look of fear and apprehension in her eyes, waiting for Owen to say something. Owen looked at her and at once he was turned on, and the dark feelings of power returned. It wasn't just the way she looked; it was the whole package. He had given her an order and she had carried it out, she had even put in a few extra touches here and there. She had prettied herself up for him, just to bring him breakfast. The morning paper was on the tray beside the breakfast and a flower was in a vase in the center of the tray. Owen's cock was hard and throbbing as he drank all this in, Taryn was the first to speak.

"Good morning, Master. I brought you breakfast, like you ordered," Taryn said with a timid and apprehensive manner.

Her son hadn't said a thing and as the seconds ticked by, Taryn felt like a monumental fool. Obviously she was wrong in doing this! He didn't expect her to be standing there with breakfast, dressed only in a robe! She waned to cry and run out of the room, she was mortified that she had read things wrong: it was only a one night game. He didn't want her there, he didn't see her as his Slave.

"Excellent work, Slave," Owen said and smiled at Taryn, in response she let out a sigh of relief. "Bring me breakfast, Slave," he said, and watched his mother immediately move towards him.

Just looking at her carrying that tray of breakfast towards him caused his cock to twitch. Man he was hard and needed to take care of it soon, he thought as Taryn floated over towards him. Then a nasty thought hit him as he smiled up at her.

"Put breakfast down over there," Owen said as he pointed at his dresser.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said, just before she did exactly as she was ordered.

"You've got me so hard this morning, I think you should take care of it first," Owen said with a lewd smile as he pulled back the covers, revealing his nude form. "Come over here and suck your Master's cock, Slave," He said, looking deep into Taryn's eyes as he said it.

Taryn's knees got weak when he said that last statement. She loved being called his Slave, and loved the fact that that she could make him hard. She never answered him with anything other than a lustful growl as she rushed to him. Her eyes never left staring intently at his thick cock as she rushed to embrace it. As soon as was physically possible she desired to take it in her mouth, she needed to suck her Master's cock.

Bliss filled her as his cock filled her mouth. All was right with the world, for she had her Master's cock in her mouth and was endeavoring to please him. The only pleasure she would receive from this was the satisfaction of a job well done. This act was for him and him alone; yet another way for her to show her love and devotion to him. This morning, for the first time ever, she voluntarily took a cock down her throat. She relaxed her throat and pushed it down her throat, immensely pleased that she could do this on her own. This development was not lost on Owen, he knew she needed praise.

"Oh you are a good Slave!" Owen said as he stroked Taryn's hair lovingly as she continued to deep-throat him. "Yes, swallow all of me," he said as he smiled at her.

Taryn looked up into his eyes and gave him a look of love as she increased her sucking efforts on his cock. Steadily and quickly she bobbed her head up and down on his cock. His cock now slid easily down her throat and she loved the feeling of pubic hairs on her nose, to her it felt like victory. For Taryn it meant that she had once more swallowed all of her Master's cock, his pleasure meant everything to her.

Taryn didn't let up her sucking until Owen came down her throat. This time she made sure to keep his cock lodged down her throat and swallowed continually. Owen let out a loud groan that lasted as long as he came. Eventually, he was spent and Taryn let his cock slip past her lips as she sat back upright.

"That was wonderful Slave, now feed me breakfast," Owen said with a grateful smile.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said as she hopped up and fetched the tray of breakfast that she had prepared for him.

For the next while nothing was said as Taryn fed Owen his breakfast. She would gather up a bit of everything on his plate and lift the fork to his mouth. When he wanted to drink, she would raise that to his lips, if he dribbled she would wipe his chin. She was taking care of him and it was a quiet, tender moment between Master and Slave that had nothing to do with sex. As silly as it was, she was happy to do it, she was happy to serve him, to be his Slave.

As she fed her Master she wondered why he did what he did. What had prompted him to take her as his Slave? What did he see in her that made him know that she was submissive? How did he know that she would be his, that she would be happy like this? She needed to know, she had to ask.

"Can we talk?" Taryn asked in a meek tone of voice.

"Sure, Slave," Owen said, as he swallowed another bite of breakfast.

"No, just talk . . . as Owen and Taryn," Taryn said as she brought another forkful of breakfast to his lips.

"Sure, mom, what's on your mind?" Owen asked in a plain tone of voice, after swallowing his mouthful.

"Why did you do it?" Taryn asked with a hint of a pained expression as she looked deep into his eyes.

"Do what?" Owen asked, wanting to know exactly what part of last night she was talking about.

"Last night. Why did you do it? How did you know I would react favorably to you?" Taryn asked, with a hurt and slightly miffed expression.

"I guess it all started when you said that you liked it when a man takes what he wants." Owen said with a sigh as he gave his mother a thoughtful expression.

"But I only said that because you made me slow-dance with you when I didn't want to. What made you do that? What made you pull me to you?" Taryn asked curiously as she gathered up more breakfast for Owen.

"I don't know, I guess it was the frustration of seeing all the other happy couples dancing and I wanted a moment where I had a special lady in my arms, just for one song." Owen said with a softened tone of voice as he looked at his mother for understanding.

"So you didn't plan it? You didn't somehow know that I . . . that I . . . wanted it?" Taryn said and strangely enough, when she was talking to him like this she couldn't say the words "Master or Slave."

"No. All I can tell you is that everytime I got you to do something I wanted you to do; something I knew you didn't want to do, I got a thrill out of it. I guess it was that thrill that kept pushing me onward." Owen said in the same subdued tone of voice.

"I guess I can understand that. It sounds like the same thrill I got when you made me do what I didn't want to do. Each time you took charge and d . . . made me do something; I got a thrill out of doing it. As time went on it seemed to be more natural. I guess I was seeking the same thrill." Taryn said as she looked up at her son and smiled at him an understanding smile, they understood each other.

"What about now? Do you want to continue this or drop it?" Owen said, with a serious look on his face. "If you're not happy like this, I won't make you stay my Slave," he said and looked at her for a moment before looking down.

"I don't think we can go back to the way things were, do you? I . . . I like the way things are between us now, I know it may sound weird for a mother to say to her son but I like serving you." Taryn said with a loving tone of voice as she picked up Owen's chin and looked deep into his eyes. "I never told you this but before I met your father I went for the 'jerk' type. You know, the kind of men who treated me like crap, the ones who would walk all over me, I didn't know why I liked it, until last night. When you told me that I needed a Master, everything clicked, it was then that I knew you were right. How did you know?" Taryn asked with a look of wonder on her face.

"I don't know how exactly, but everything that had happened up until then told me that you liked what we were doing. Somehow I knew that this was what you wanted," Owen said in a calm tone of voice, searching his mother's eyes for understanding. "So you really like things like this? You like being my Slave?" Owen asked with an excited tone of voice, anticipating the answer.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied in a meek tone of voice looking down but her eyes looking up into his, conveying her love for him.

"Cool, Slave!" Owen said with an excited tone of voice.

"But what do we do from here? How are we going to keep this a secret? What about Rosina and your father? What about your friends? Do you really want me to follow you around on campus, carrying your books and so forth? You have a life, I have a life. What about them?" Taryn asked in a most worried tone of voice, almost fearful for being so bold around her Master.

"I admit that having you follow me around campus would be fun . . ." Owen said with a glint in his eye that his mother caught.

"Once in a while . . . perhaps," Taryn replied with the same sparkle in her eye and the pair shared a laugh.

"I guess you're right when you said that we both have lives that we need to live. I have school and you have . . . whatever you do during the day." Owen said, and for a moment he felt embarrassed for not knowing his mother better. "We will keep this a secret for as long as we can, and deal with things as they come," Owen said confidently and smiled at Taryn as he took a bite of his bagel.

"I hope nobody finds out about this, I mean I do love serving you, but I just don't know how I would explain to anyone about our relationship. Can you imagine trying to explain this to your sister . . . or your father?" Taryn said with an incredulous look on her face that masked her fear.

"I know it will be difficult, but I don't think we have any other alternative. I mean, I don't want this to end, and I don't think you want it to end either," Owen said with a calm tone as he took his mother's hand in his.

"No, I don't." Taryn said with a loving look as she looked deep into her son's eyes. "I should be incensed with you for all that we've done since last night . . . but I'm not. I feel happier than I have been in a long time. I guess you were right when you said that I needed a Master, but not just any Master . . . I need you. I know you love me and would never hurt me; I can trust you implicitly. You're my son so I would do anything for you, naturally, but as a mother I would only go so far. I mean mothers don't have sex with their children, but I don't feel awkward or strange when I have sex with you. I can't explain it better than it was meant to be; I was meant to be your Slave. I Taryn Thompson was meant to be the Slave of you Owen Thompson, my son, my Master, my greatest love," Taryn said in a soft and loving tone of voice. By the end of it she had tears in her eyes, tears of love, of joy, of relief. "I love you Master," Taryn said and looked longingly into the eyes of her Master, waiting for a response.

"And I love you Taryn, Thompson, my mother, my Slave, my greatest love," Owen said in an equally moving manner.

The moment possessed him and Owen moved in and kissed Taryn on the lips. It was a tentative and unsure kiss that lasted but a moment. When the kiss was over they both looked at each other, eyes searching the other for how they felt. Only lust and love was found, so eagerly they kissed again, this time it was a passionate and kiss that may have led to more. The clinking the breakfast dishes on the tray between them brought them back to reality. Taryn had only just sat back and scooped up more breakfast when another voice broke the silence of the quiet morning.

"Owen, you lazy bag of bones, you up yet?" Rosina shouted out, from down the hall.

Footsteps could be heard and Taryn and Owen knew that Rosina would be there in a moment. In a flash Taryn leaned over and kissed Owen once more with a passionate kiss that lasted until the door started to open. As soon as the door opened up Taryn shoved a forkful of food into Owen's mouth. Owen nearly choked on the mouthful of food.

"Oh isn't this cute," Rosina said with a voice full of resentment as she stood in the open doorway. "Does little baby Owen need his mommy to feed him breakfast in bed?" She continued in an overly-thick "baby-talk" manner, complete with the pouting lips.

"I just wanted to do something special for him, because of his birthday," Taryn shot back defensively and held a superior look about her.

"Well, his birthday was yesterday; and oh yeah, you took him out for a drink, and finally . . . you've never done anything like this for either of us before?" Rosina said in a scolding manner. She counted on her fingers each point she made as she spoke. When she was finished she just stood there with her hands on her hips glaring at the pair of them.

Rosina was shorter than even her mother and everything about her could be described as Petite. Her blonde hair fell to the middle of her back and had a natural body-wave, like her mother's hair. Her exceptionally pretty gray eyes were scowling at her brother and mother now. She had an hourglass figure, but a very slender one. Instead of the generous curves of her mother, Rosina's curves were shallower, more conservative variation. Her hardworking attitude she took after her father, but her good looks she got from her mother, though her body was a combination of both her father's and mother's body types. She stood there in a tight blouse and form-fitting jeans, waiting for a response.

"Neither of you have ever turned Twenty-One. It's a big deal, your brother is a man now and I wanted to so something extra special to mark the occasion," Taryn said in a motherly manner that usually ended all discussions. "Now scoot young lady or you'll be late for school!" Taryn ordered, once again in a motherly manner.

"Fine," Rosina said, throwing her hands up in confused surrender before storming off down the hall.

"Where were we?" Taryn replied in a sultry tone of voice.

"We were about to take my morning shower." Owen said confidently.

"We?" Taryn asked with a sparkle of fear in her eyes.

"Yes, my Slave has fed me breakfast. You don't expect your Master to scrub himself, do you?" Owen said in an arrogant tone of voice, looking down his nose at his mother.

"Oh no, Master, it wouldn't do." Taryn replied with an excited tone in her voice that she tried to hide.

With that the pair of them got up, Taryn found Owen's bathrobe and put it on him. She looked both ways down the hall to see if anyone was coming. Quietly she padded down to the bathroom and made sure it was available before motioning for Owen to come. Owen strode proudly toward her and once inside he closed and locked the door behind him, ensuring their privacy. Proudly he walked over to the toilet and sat on it with the lid closed. Without a word he motioned for her to come closer and silently she did so.

"Let's have a good look at my Slave shall we? Lose the robe," Owen commanded and Taryn bit her lip slightly as she untied the robe and let it slip off of her body.

"Not bad, Slave, like I said last night you have a hot body," Owen said as his eyes leisurely walked over Taryn's completely nude form.

"Thank you, Master," Taryn replied, grateful that her Master approved of her body.

"This has to go," Owen said as he reached out and stroked the pubic hairs that covered her pussy-lips. "This, I want you to trim into the shape of an 'O', as a constant reminder of who owns it," Owen said as he looked up into his mother's eyes with a smirk on his face.

"Yes Master, but what will I tell your father when he sees it?" Taryn asked meekly, looking down at her feet, not sure if she liked that idea.

"If he does actually notice it, I will be amazed, but if he does say something, I'm sure you will think of something," Owen replied with an arrogant tone of voice as he looked up into Taryn's eyes where fear lived.

"Yes, Master, I hope your father never finds out, as I'm not sure what I would say," Taryn replied with apprehension in her voice as she looked deeply into Taryn's eyes.

"That brings up another point, don't call him that to me again," Owen said with a slight sneer on his face.

"Master?" Taryn asked, confused as to what Owen meant.

"Call him 'Richard' instead, don't call him 'my father' or 'your husband' again. For as of this moment he is your husband in name only, for you belong to me, don't you?" Owen said with a demanding tone of voice that conveyed his seriousness.

"But Master, he has been my husband for twenty-two years, I have a responsibility to him! What about sex?" Taryn asked with a fearful tone of voice her eyes starting to water.

"LISTEN!" Owen shouted. In a flash he reached up, thrust his index finger into Taryn's pussy and pulled it toward him until Taryn was standing in between his knees. "This belongs to me; you gave it to me freely last night didn't you?" Owen said firmly and in a quieter tone of voice as he started to slowly thrust his finger into her pussy.

"Yes, Master," Taryn admitted as pleasure shot through her from Owen's finger.

"Then you will have sex with nobody but me, unless I give you permission, understood?" Owen said with the same firm and commanding tone of voice as he removed his finger.

"But, Master, what am I to do about my h . . . Richard? Sooner or later he will want sex!" Taryn said with a downtrodden look on her face.

"Well, for one thing you are not to initiate any sexual play between the two of you," Owen said in a commanding tone of voice and looked into her eyes.

"Of course not, Master, I would never seek him for sex!" Taryn said in a fervent and convincing manner.

"But if he really wants it, and you insist on whoring yourself out to him, you must ask my permission . . . each time," Owen said with a deadly serious look on her face.

"Each time I am to ask you, Master?" Taryn replied with a horrified look on her face.

"Each and every time! I don't care where I am or what time it is, you are to contact me and ask my permission, understood?" Owen said in a confident tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied with a humbled and defeated tone of voice.

"Now, onto happier topics," Owen said with a chipper tone of voice. "I want you to go to a spa and have the full treatment! Anything you want, you do, make sure to spend as much of Richard's money as you can. I am sure that someone there should be able to trim your pussy in the manner that I have described, and yes, if you feel like having sex with any woman there, you may do so, you don't even need to ask me, but you had better tell me later! I will inspect you tonight to make sure that you are trimmed up properly," Owen said and looked into the wide eyes of a surprised Taryn.

"Yes, Master, thank you! "Taryn said with as much joy and happiness that she felt. "You really expect me to have sex with another woman?" Taryn asked with an astonished and fearful tone of voice.

"Have you ever?" Owen asked with a devious look on his face.

"No, Master never!" Taryn replied with wide eyes of shock.

"Then you may not know what you're missing. In that case, Slave, I want you to try to have sex with the woman who shaves you. You needn't succeed, but you must at least try!" Owen said with a determined look on his face.

Taryn babbled for a moment and her mouth hung open in shock for a half-moment before she simply said, "Yes, Master."

"Now, let's get on to my shower shall we?" Owen said with a firm tone of voice as he stood up and kissed Taryn.

Taryn then removed his robe and hung it up, along with hers that she picked up from the floor. Then she ran the water and adjusted the temperature to her liking. After gaining his approval over the temperature she pulled the leaver and the shower sprang to life. She stepped out of the way and let Owen walk into the shower first before joining him and closing the shower door behind her. It was a tub/shower so there was enough room for the two of them to be there. Taryn started with his hair, washing and rinsing it first. Then she grabbed the soap and lathered up his body starting at his head and working down to his feet, leaving his cock for last.

She loved the feel of his skin, even more so since it was slick with the soap. She loved serving him, she loved taking care of him, the more she served him the more she grew to understand; this was what made her happy. Everything about this simple act of washing her Master felt erotic to Taryn. Even though she was just running the bar of soap over his skin, his body felt electric to her. Once she finished washing his feet, she looked up at him from her place kneeling before him. With a silent nod he consented to what she obviously wanted to do: suck him.

Taryn quickly washed his cock and rinsed it off; she drew out the act to make it as sensual as possible. Once she was done washing it, she took it in her mouth and swallowed all of it. Nowhere in her mind was how odd it was for a mother to be sucking her son's cock. This was a natural as breathing to Taryn; she was sucking her Master's cock. To Taryn this was exactly what a good Slave did; she brought pleasure to her Master in any way she could. As that thick cock slid down her throat she didn't even start to gag. She was fast becoming adept at deep-throating him, she was proud of that. After barely a minute of sucking his cock, Owen pulled her head off of his cock.

"What's wrong Master? Didn't you like it?" Taryn asked with a hurt look on her face.

"I liked it a lot Slave, that was the problem, we don't have much time and there's something I would much rather do," Owen said as he looked down at his mother with a mischievous smile on his face.

"Oh yes, Master!" Taryn said with giddy excitement, her face beaming.

"Stand up and bend over!" Owen commanded with an arrogant look on his face.

Tarn stood up and turned to face away from him. She spread her legs as wide as the tub would allow and put her hands on the far wall to brace herself. She was full of excitement as she waited for her Master to fuck her once more. She needed to feel him inside her, she needed to feel compete once more. After a moment had passed and he had not entered her Taryn looked over her shoulder at him.

"Beg me for it," Owen said with a cheeky smirk.

"Oh, Master please fuck your Slave! She desperately needs it! She needs to feel your thick, gorgeous cock splitting her in two! Please, Master be good to your Slave and give her your cock that she needs so badly!" Tarn said in a mournful and pitiful, plea.

"You asked for it, Slave!" Owen said with a lustful growl as he thrust into Taryn with one quick thrust.

"OH, MASTER YES!" Taryn shouted out in a hissing tone of voice, before she could stop herself.

Rosina stopped packing her backpack and looked around her, did she really just hear that? For a moment she thought she heard her mother shout out something about "Master." She shook her head and decided she was just hearing things, her mother was the most conservative and boring mother she knew. There was no way that she would be doing anything as kinky as that with dad. She was sure they had only had sex twice in all their marriage.

"Keep quiet, Slave!" Owen scolded as he withdrew from her to begin their fucking.

"Yes, Master." Taryn replied in a quieter tone of voice as Owen continued to thrust into her madly.

Taryn hung her head and she had to concentrate on keeping quiet. She desperately wanted to shout out the joy and pleasure she was feeling, this time with him was better than last night, today she wanted him and had accepted that fact. She loved him immensely and to her, he was the only man she wanted, the only man she needed. His cock felt like pure pleasure as it slammed into her again and again. All Taryn could do was growl or moan now and again and even those she needed to keep an eye on her volume. A knocking at the door brought the two of them out of their private moment of pleasure.

"Honey, did you call me?" Richard asked, as he stood outside the door of the bathroom.

"What?" A confused Taryn asked as her son continued to fuck her madly.

"Did you call for me just now?" Richard asked once again.

"That'll be the day I call you Master." Taryn mumbled to herself. "No dear," Taryn shouted loud enough for her husband to hear.

"I heard you shout out just now, are you okay?" Richard asked as he tried to open the bathroom door.

"You heard it to dad?" Rosina asked with great concern as she approached her father.

"Yeah, I heard your mother call out, I thought she needed something. Did you hear what she said?" Richard asked Rosina with concern.

"Um, no I didn't hear what she said, I just heard her shout out," Rosina said with a troubled look on her face.

"I dropped the soap and it hit my foot." Tarn said quickly as she growled with pleasure that she had almost let sneak into her voice. "Please, Master stop until they leave," Taryn said quietly over her shoulder to Owen.

"Not a chance, Slave!" Owen said as he intensified his thrusting into her pussy.

"Are you okay dear?" Richard asked with greater concern as he once again knocked on the door.

"Fine dear, don't worry about it!" Taryn said in a calm tone of voice, that time she had to focus on how she said each word.

Owen decided not to play fair as he then thrust a finger up her ass and started to finger-fuck her ass as he continued to fuck her pussy with his cock. Taryn just gave him a dirty scowl over her shoulder and it didn't take long before Taryn was cumming. It was a hard fight not to shout out as waves of pleasure shot through her while Owen continued to fuck her madly. That seemed to draw out the pleasure of the moment, knowing that her husband and daughter were outside while she fucked her son. Just one scream would cause her husband to break the door down and then their private relationship would be exposed. A dark thought in her mind tried to get her to shout out, to make the world know what she was doing in here. She was able to keep her cool intact and rode through her climax in silence.

"Okay dear, as long as your okay," Richard said, and shrugged his shoulders as he walked away from the bathroom door.

"Oh you bastard, that was close!" Taryn said as she caught her breath, leaning up against the wall.

"I'm almost there! Get ready to kneel!" Owen said with hurried tone of voice.

"Master, please cum in me! I want to feel you cum deep inside me!" Taryn asked with a mournful tone of voice as she pleaded with Owen.

"Kneel!" Owen commanded as he pulled out of Taryn.

Taryn spun around and dropped to her knees before Owen. She opened her mouth to take him in her mouth but this time he just aimed his cock at her face and let the cum fly. Taryn closed her eyes just in time as the first blast landed on her left eyelid. Again and again ropes of cum washed over her face until Owen was spent and his knees got week from the intense cum.

"I'd better get outa here, see you tonight," Owen said as he stepped out of the shower. This let the water hit Taryn in the face, slowly washing away his cum from her face. "Love you, Slave," Owen said as he leaned back in and gave Taryn a peck on the lips.

"Love you too, Master," Taryn replied with a smile as she returned his kiss.

Owen picked up a town to dry himself off and Taryn was about to climb out and dry him off. Owen insisted that she stay and finish the shower, so everyone would think that she was taking a shower alone. Owen finished drying himself off and put his robe on when he was done. Opening the bathroom door carefully he looked up and down the hall making sure that nobody was coming. Confident that nobody would see him, he stepped out of the bathroom and walked toward his room.

Rosina's chin hit the floor when she saw her brother emerge from the bathroom. Her mother was supposedly in there alone and had said something about "Master." Something strange was going on here and she wanted to find out what it was. Why was her mother feeding her brother breakfast this morning? Why was her brother walking out of the bathroom looking freshly showered when her mother was in the shower? Could they actually have showered together? Rosina shook her head to get the unpalatable thought out of her mind. Shortly thereafter the shower stopped and not long after that did her mother emerge, also looking freshly showered. Rosina didn't know what to think but knew that she would keep an extra close eye on her mother and brother from now on.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 03
bypolyman©

Chapter Three: A Day At The Spa

Breakfast that morning was a quiet affair, with the family eating in silence. Taryn had to admit that she found her daughter's sideways glances, more than a little uncomfortable. Rosina kept looking at Taryn with a perceptive stare, almost as if she were trying to bore into her brain and leaf through its contents. Could her daughter somehow know about Owen's and her relationship? If so, how would she explain it to her daughter or even get her to keep quiet.

Richard seemed to be oblivious to these glances, but then he seemed to be oblivious to most things that happened around the house. Some days Taryn wondered he would be happier with a hide-a-bed in his office rather than bothering to come home. She held in her scowl as she looked at her husband and tried not to blame him for the situation she was in with their son. Though the thought crossed her mind, that if Richard had truly satisfied her sexually, could she have resisted Owen? Even if it were true, it was a mute point, for she was involved with Owen and he was her Master.

When Owen came in the dining room, Taryn felt her temperature rise. He kissed her in the typical way a son kisses his mother. That kiss was only a tease for what she really craved and only left her wanting more. She didn't dare grab him and kiss him in the way she wanted, even Richard would notice a deep, passionate kiss shared between mother and son. When Owen left, Taryn was left to cool down and not look too disappointed that he had left.

Taryn was so distracted with thoughts of her son that she didn't hear her husband and daughter get up. With a kiss and an "I love you, see you later," they were off. Now Taryn was alone in an empty house, and was left to gather up her nerve. The house wouldn't clean up itself, and with a groan, Taryn took one last sip of her coffee.

For the next hour Taryn cleaned and tidied up the house. It didn't take long, as she kept up on the housework but the family was adept at making a mess in record time, her husband being the worst. With a long sigh, the vacuum cleaner shut down as Taryn started to wind up the cord.

Taryn knew she was just delaying the inevitable, she was regretting her day at the spa. It was strange to regret a rare treat that she allowed herself. Her Master had told her to spend the day at the spa and treat herself, and she was happy to comply with that order. She was told to have her pussy shaved bare and her pubic hair above, trimmed into an "O". This order was not what she was dreading, though she didn't know how she would explain it to Richard. It was the order to try to have sex with the woman who trims her bush that she was dreading. Taryn had never in her life had sex with another woman and didn't know if she could go through with it. Thankfully, Master only ordered her to "Try," and not necessarily succeed; perhaps a little light flirting would be enough.

It was with this comfort that Taryn changed into a light, spring dress and walked out the front door. They lived in an upscale part of town and every convenience was within walking distance. It was a beautiful morning and the day seemed to beckon Taryn to go for a walk. The air was sweet with the lovely scent flowers on the breeze; the tree-lined streets were filled with people with the same idea. The streets were not too crowded, but there were enough people abounding to show life in the streets. It was a good day and by the time Taryn had arrived at the spa she had forgotten her troubles.

The spa was a quiet little storefront in a trendy part of town, not far from where Taryn lived. This was one of those streets that were filled with older buildings that had been fixed up, yet retaining their old charm. It had become one of those nifty shopping districts where all sorts of offbeat shops sprang up. It was for this reason that people loved to come here and walk the street, just window-shopping and seeing what was now available. Taryn was one of those people and regularly walked up and down the street, just taking in the sights.

The particular building that Taryn was entering was a two-story brick building that was much longer than it was wide. This was the norm on the street, and added to the charm with all the buildings packed so tightly together, shoulder-to-shoulder, as it were. The inside of the building looked fresh and new, with a nice cream colour dominating the entrance. The small waiting room occupied the entire front portion of the building, but only went back about ten feet. The two bay windows let in lots of light and seemed to light up the place on their own. In the middle was a tall desk with a single archway cut into the wall and a few feet beyond that was another wall so as to block your view of the back.

Nobody was there at the moment, so Taryn decided to look at the various paintings around the walls. They were all scenic pieces, and bursting with the colours of the four seasons. Taryn didn't have to wait long before she heard some noise coming from the back. The footsteps and chatter came louder and soon two women burst into view.

One women was smartly dressed in an expensive business suit, and the other was in hospital scrubs. The woman in the business suit walked in front of the counter and started fishing through her purse. The woman in the scrubs walked behind the counter and started tapping away on the computer. In short order the woman in the business suit had paid and walked briskly out of the spa, with a healthy glow about her. The woman in the scrubs then turned her attention to Taryn and smiled broadly.

"Taryn? Taryn Thompson?" the woman in the scrubs asked with an excited, yet questioning tone of voice.

Taryn had to give her a second glance as to see who she was. The woman standing behind the counter wearing the hospital scrubs was a tall, Italian, busty, woman, with a slender figure that even the drab, functional outfit couldn't hide. Her black hair fell to her shoulder-blades in a thick yet strait manner but was tied back in a ponytail. As she looked over the pretty face of this woman and took in her brown eyes, she then had a spark of recognition.

"Karen?" Taryn asked with a smile on her face.

"Yeah! Good to see you! I haven't seen you in ages!" Karen said with giddy glee as she walked toward Taryn with arms outstretched.

Taryn flashed back and suddenly remembered Karen's story. They were not that dissimilar, in the fact that they were both married to successful lawyers. Or rather that they both were, married to successful lawyers. Karen's story is a story of how a picture-perfect life can smash in an instant. Karen had been married to Tony Basilone, a partner in Richard's firm, and the two were good friends. Taryn had seen Karen at many of the firm's functions and had a good, but not especially tight friendship. Karen and Tony had a daughter, Veronica, who was finishing up high school this year. Karen had started this spa as a hobby, a reason to get out of the house and fill her days with something other than housework. When she started it, it didn't need to be successful; it didn't even need to pay for itself. That was until Tony swiftly divorced Karen and married a much younger lawyer in the office. Now this little spa needed to support: itself, Karen and Veronica. Karen didn't get anything from Tony other than the business because of some prenuptial agreement, and a bit of legal trickery. After the divorce a few years ago Karen just sort-of dropped off the radar and lost touch with Taryn.

"So this is where you're hiding out?" Taryn asked as she gave the room an obvious glance. "I never knew that this was your spa!" she said with astonishment as the two women hugged a friendly hello.

Perhaps it was the order that Master had given her, but Taryn was very aware of Karen's body. Taryn could feel the heat from Karen's lovely body that was now pressed up tightly against her in the friendly embrace. There was nothing sexual about the embrace, as it was simply a warm greeting between friends. That didn't stop Taryn from momentarily wondering what she was wearing under those scrubs. With a shake of her head, Taryn pushed the nasty and troubling thought out of her mind.

"Yeah, this is mine," Karen said with a chipper tone of voice as she smiled to herself, glancing around the room. "About all I own, these days," she added with a somber sigh that somehow slipped out.

There was an awkward pause as Karen broke the embrace and took a seat in the many chairs scattered around the exterior of the room. Taryn didn't know just what to say, just what she was supposed to say. After a moment she spoke up and said what was on her mind.

"I should have made a better effort to contact you," Taryn said sympathetically as she sat down beside Karen.

"Hey, I know where you live and I never dropped by once," Karen said as she picked up Taryn's hand and held it.

"How are you and Veronica doing? Do you live nearby?" Taryn asked with her voice full of compassion and empathy as she looked into her friend's eyes.

"Oh, were doing okay, this place keeps food on the table and a roof over our heads, literally, we live downstairs. We turned the basement into an apartment after the divorce. One of the last, nice things Tony did," Karen said and sighed heavily, looking down and looking quite ashamed. "I can't believe how far I've fallen."

"You have nothing to be ashamed of!" Taryn said forcefully as she shook Karen's hand and waited until their eyes met before they continued. "That bastard left you for a bimbo! You were the perfect wife! By the time he realizes that, it'll be too late. Just let him try and find a woman as great as you!" she said with certainty as she looked up and huffed in disgust.

"Thanks." Karen said as she hugged Taryn once more, quite tightly and let a few tears drop onto her friend's shoulders. "I guess I needed to hear that," she said gratefully and smiled warmly at Taryn.

"You're welcome," Taryn replied graciously.

"This is terrible for business! I shouldn't be blubbering all over a customer! What did you come in for?" Karen said as she wiped the tears from her eyes and sat up straight.

"I came in for the works! Richard has far too much money and I need a day of pampering! I didn't know this was your place or I would have come in sooner," Taryn said proudly as she sat up straighter.

"Great, I'll give you a good discount, it's been a little slow this week," Karen said as she stood up and walked toward the desk.

"DISCOUNT!" Taryn said with her voice thick of disgust. "I won't hear of it! Didn't you hear me, I said Richard has too much money, so I insist you give me the works and hose me for it to boot!" she said firmly as she walked up to the counter and the pair of women shared a conspiratorial giggle.

"I've never had a customer ask me to OVERCHARGE them before!" Karen replied in shock. "But I like the way you think," she added with a giddy grin on her face as she continued to tap away at the computer.

It wasn't long before Taryn's day at the spa began. From one area to the next Taryn and Karen went; Taryn felt very relaxed through the course of it. All manner of odd, yet relaxing things Taryn was subjected to, and all through it she was floating on a cloud. It wasn't until they entered the "waxing room" that Taryn tensed up. In a flash Taryn remembered all that Master had told her, she sighed deeply as she looked around the room.

"Take the robe off and have a seat," Karen said in a casual manner as she pointed at the table in the middle of the room.

The room wasn't that large and looked not that dissimilar to a doctor's office. The table looked shockingly similar to a Gynecologist's exam table. Taryn stood in the doorway and looked at the exam table and then over to Karen with a raised eyebrow.

"Yeah, Yeah, I got it from a Gyneo's office, alright. I find it's perfect for the waxing and trimming," Karen said with a frustrated sigh and shook her head and looked at Taryn, who still didn't move. "Just hop up there, will ya," she said with a chuckle as she pointed at the exam table.

Taryn chuckled nervously and then removed her robe, before hopping up on the exam table. Feeling self-conscious was an understatement as Taryn laid there with her feet in the stirrups. Karen pulled up a stool that was on wheels and sat right between Taryn's legs. Looking down between her legs and seeing her friend causally examining her most private of areas was an odd sight for Taryn. Karen looked at Taryn's groin area with the keen eye of a professional before looking up into Taryn's eyes.

"Geez woman, who did the hack job on you?" Karen asked with a slight shudder as she pointed at Taryn's pussy.

"Okay! It's been awhile since I've trimmed!" Taryn huffed with a defensive tone of voice and a slightly offended scowl on her face.

"Well it's a good thing that you came in and let a professional handle this," Karen said soothingly as she lightly ran her fingers through Taryn's pubic hair. "What did you want done down here?" she asked as she continued to run her fingers through the soft, curly hair of Taryn's nether region.

Taryn was surprised at how casually and calmly Karen was touching her most intimate of places. Taryn had to tell herself that because of the many times Karen had done this must be the reason that she was so comfortable with the female form. Taryn didn't know how comfortable she would be if their places were reversed. At that moment Taryn had an image flash across her mind of that very thing. Taryn shook her head to get the image of nude Karen spread before her, out of her mind.

"Well I want the bottom shaved completely and the upper portion shaved into an 'O'," Taryn said with a nervous flavor to her voice that she tried to keep out.

"Excuse me?" Karen asked with a puzzled look on her face.

"I want you to shave this completely," Taryn said as she ran her fingers over the lips of her pussy, getting a secret charge out of doing so in front of Karen. "But, up here, I want you to shave it into the shape of an 'O'," she said as she ran her fingers through her pubic hair above her pussy.

"I understood what you said but why an 'O'?" Karen asked curiously, as she looked at Taryn and waited for a response.

"I . . . I have my reasons, please just do it and don't ask why," Taryn said in an uncomfortable manner with a slight frown on her face.

"You're the customer, so I'll do what you say," Karen said as she put her hands up in surrender. "So we're shaving this completely," Karen said as she lightly ran a knuckle over Taryn's slit, causing Taryn to shudder as a bolt of pleasure shot through her. "And we're shaving this into an 'O', right?" Karen asked with a knowing sparkle in her eye as she ran her fingers through Taryn's patch of pubic hair.

"Yes," Taryn said with a slight hiss in her voice as she tried to keep her emotions in check.

For some reason this close intimate contact from her old friend was exciting her in ways she never imagined. Just the light touches here and there that she had received had fired up her imagination. Taryn hoped that her excitement would not be obvious and she tried to think of anything non-erotic. Karen set to work right away, starting off with a typical bikini-wax before moving on to Taryn's specific demands. Even though the pain of the waxing was present, it was the soft, tender touch of Karen's expert hands that Taryn couldn't help but find erotic.

Things got worse for Taryn when Karen began to shave her pussy. Every movement and contact brought Taryn pleasure, as with each pass of the razor, her pussy became more sensitive. Even Karen's breath that passed over her nether region was excruciatingly pleasurable. Once or twice Taryn even let out a mew or coo of approval, with the only acknowledgement from Karen being a knowing smirk.

Once Karen started to trim the patch of pubic hair, Taryn thought she would be safe, but this was not the case. For one, Karen used an electric trimmer and made sure to keep the vibrations to a maximum. As well the odd, carelessly placed thumb would pass over Taryn's pussy lips or clitoris. Taryn had to bite her lip in order to keep herself from moaning during this teasing and trimming.

"There, done," Karen said with a sparkle as she turned off the trimmer and put it down beside her. "What do you think?" she asked as she held up a mirror and showed Taryn her own pussy.

"Great, Thanks," Taryn said as she looked over her pussy in the mirror and ran her fingers over it.

"See, we trimmed this up," Karen said as she traced the 'O' shaped pubic patch. "And we shaved this bald," she said as she ran her finger up Taryn's pussy.

For a frightening moment, Karen traced her finger up and down Taryn's pussy leisurely. Taryn was conflicted for on one hand she wanted this caressing to stop, but another part of her wanted it to continue. Karen looked at Taryn in the eye with a sparkle in her own and continued to caress and pet Taryn's now moist pussy.

"You like this don't you?" Karen asked with a knowing glint in her eye and a slightly husky tone of voice.

"I . . . it looks lovely, yes," Taryn said nervously as she smiled at Karen, trying to hide her nervous excitement.

It was the look in Karen's eyes that had Taryn scared, for she could see that Karen was interested. At the very least, Karen liked teasing Taryn and enjoyed the predicament that Taryn was in. What scared Taryn the most was the fact that she might actually be able to seduce Karen. Taryn was still unsure if she could actually have sex with Karen but she still had to at least try, Master's orders were very specific. Perhaps if Karen brought her off, that would be enough to satisfy both herself and Master's order.

"No, silly . . . you like, this, don't you?" Karen said as she then slipped her finger inside Taryn's pussy lips and ran her finger up to Taryn's clitoris.

"Ooooooh Yess!" Taryn hissed out as the simple caress brought her intense pleasure.

"It's okay, a lot of women can't help but get excited over having their pussies shaved," Karen said soothingly as she continued the obvious teasing of Taryn's pussy. "Would you like me to bring you off?" she asked as she leaned forward and lightly blew on Taryn's clitoris.

"Ooooooooh GOD YEEESSSSS!!" Taryn hissed out in a desperate whine as her pelvis started to twitch, twist and convulse.

"Just relax, honey, this won't take long," Karen said confidently with a chuckle as she thrust her index finger into Taryn's pussy.

"Is this something you do for every client?" Taryn asked as she looked down at Karen lovingly; her body was quickly becoming overwhelmed with pleasure.

"Sometimes it is necessary to 'take the edge off' of a client," Karen said with a smirk on her face before she added with a chuckle, "You should see what I do for those women who tip heavily!" Karen laughed knowingly and winked at Taryn, hoping she would share in the joke.

"We'll I'm paying DOUBLE, so EAT ME!" Taryn said with a determined growl before she reached up and grabbed two handfuls of black hair and pulled Karen's face to her heated pussy.

"Hang on a second! I don't eat pussy! I'm not a dyke! Let me go!" Karen protested and urged, but the words didn't come out as anything intelligent.

Karen quickly realized that with her lips pressed so tightly against Taryn's pussy that like it or not, she was eating her friend's pussy. Karen struggled for another moment to break free but knew that even this effort to break free was simply resulting in her reluctantly munching on her friend's rug. She cursed Taryn inside her head and resigned herself to the reluctant lesbian experience.

She reached out with her tongue and licked the inside of Taryn's pussy-lips for the first time, eliciting a sigh of approval from Taryn. When her tongue returned to her mouth Karen found that the new taste it brought with it, was sweet and to her liking. Conflicted, yet reluctantly she went back for more of the delicious nectar. It wasn't long before Karen was licking and sucking at Taryn's pussy of her own desire, Taryn's hands returning to her sides. Karen had a need to make Taryn cum, she had a hunger to bring this woman to orgasm with just her lips and tongue. 

Taryn felt incredible yet sick to her stomach as she looked down between her legs and saw her old friend eating her out. Even though the pleasure that was shooting through her was undeniable, she couldn't get over the fact that another woman was bringing her this pleasure. This was not something that Taryn would have expected to like in a million years, but indeed she was fast approaching orgasm.

It was the thumb glancing over her ass that was the final push that sent Taryn over the edge. Karen squealed with excitement on the inside as Taryn's pelvis bucked up into her face a few times. Taryn was ever so close to popping her cork, and Karen knew it. With the excitement of the moment Karen did three things at once: pushed a finger deep into Taryn's pussy, sucked hard on Taryn's clitoris, and brushed her thumb over Taryn's asshole.

"CUUUMMIINNNG!!!" Taryn screamed as she grasped Karen's head once more and mashed her friends face into her pussy as her orgasm hit her.

Karen lapped up madly at Taryn's pussy, trying to get every last drop of the sweet nectar that she now loved. No longer did she care about whether or not she should be eating another woman's pussy, all she cared about was savoring more of that sweet taste. Soon Taryn's orgasm subsided and slumped down and breathed deeply and quickly, trying to recover.

"That was incredible, thank you!" Taryn said dreamily as she looked down at her friend who was still lapping away at her pussy.

"You seemed to enjoy that," Karen said as she paused her licking of Taryn's pussy enough to smile up at her friend.

"You want a turn?" Taryn asked with a glint in her eye.

"No, we should move along, I have a business to run," Karen said as she stood up and wiped her face clean with a nearby towel.

Taryn didn't know what made her say it, surely this would be enough to satisfy her Master's demands. Karen had both shaved her pussy as directed and eaten her out. Something else within Taryn wanted to give something back to Karen, to repay her for the pleasure received with pleasure in kind. It didn't seem right for her to have a wonderful orgasm like this and Karen to receive nothing. As well there was a dark part of herself that was curious about what a woman tasted like? What would it be like to actually eat out another woman? If she ever wanted to find out, this was the time; it was now or never.

"C'mon, it's your turn! You've more than earned it, you were amazing! How many times have you done that before!" Taryn said with a great big smile on her face as she untangled her weary legs from the stirrups of the exam table.

"No, really, that's okay I don't need a turn, let's just get moving along!" Karen said nervously as she started for the door, wanting some space from Taryn just now.

"Don't be silly!" Taryn said as she quickly caught up with Karen and grabbed her arm to stop her. "You've made me cum and I think it's only fair that I do the same for you," Taryn said as she tugged a reluctant Karen back toward the exam table.

"No! Really, I don't need you to, I'm fine!" Karen protested nervously but still found herself standing between the stirrups.

"I'm paying double so I say that it is!" Taryn said as she boldly reached up and untied the band on Karen's scrubs. "Now hop up there!" Taryn ordered as she let the scrubs drop to the floor.

"NO! Let's go!" Karen protested again but in response all Taryn did was push heavily on Karen's chest and she found herself sitting on the exam table.

There was a tear in Karen's eye as she sat there completely nude from the waist down. She looked up at Taryn's determined face as her friend stood right before her and breathed deeply. With one last glare, a final protest died on her tongue. Silently Taryn pushed Karen back softly, yet firmly, and for the first time Karen found herself lying on her own exam table. Taryn lifted each of Karen's legs and placed them in each stirrup.

Taryn smiled to herself as she looked at Karen who laid there expectantly with a fearful look in her eye. Even at that heated moment it was not lost on Taryn that she had made Karen lie down when she didn't want to. While Karen only needed a little nudge to get her to the exam table, Taryn was the one who gave her that nudge. That fact was not lost on her even now as she pulled up the stool to look at her first pussy up close.

"This is the first time I've been this close to a pussy," Taryn said as she leaned in and examined Karen's neatly trimmed pussy.

"You were the first pussy I ate, too," Karen said in a comforting tone of voice as she looked at her friend who by now had started to lightly stroke and caress her pussy.

"You were really good at it, I hope I'm half as good," Taryn chuckled nervously as she leaned in to begin the task at hand.

Taryn's tongue snaked out nervously and licked up the slit from the bottom to the top. A groan of approval escaped Karen's lips as Taryn's tongue flicked across her clitoris. The taste that Taryn was rewarded with was sweet and very much to her liking. This realization was at the same time both frightening and exhilarating. Taryn felt that she might actually like this, eating out another woman; she knew she was too far along to stop herself now. Her first lick was followed by another, then another until it didn't seem strange to Taryn to be licking another woman's pussy. Every so often Taryn would flick her tongue across Karen's sensitive little clit.

Karen would groan and deep moan of approval whenever this would happen. Tony was a man who had, on occasion eaten her out and she liked what he did a great deal. This was different and better at the same time. Perhaps it was the fact that she had not had sex in year, or perhaps it was the taboo of having sex with a woman. Whatever the reason, Karen liked this experience much better than any time with her ex-husband!

"Oh Taryn, eeeeaaaaat meeeee!" Karen said in a needy whine as she began to stroke Taryn's head as the woman ate her out.

"I am honey, I am!" Taryn said with a slur, as her lips never left contact with Karen's pussy.

"Lower drawer! Lower drawer!" Karen said as she pointed emphatically at a nearby rolling cabinet.

"What?" Taryn asked as she stopped eating Karen out to ask for clarification.

"I have a vibrator in this lower drawer! Get it! Use it!" Karen said with the passion of a heated woman, as she pointed at the cabinet in question.

Taryn then smiled knowingly as she retrieved the vibrator in question from the cabinet drawer. It was nothing special, just a plain white, ordinary six-inch vibrator. With a twist of the bottom the device sprang to life, humming and pulsing in Taryn's hand. This was a device that Taryn knew how to use, for she had to use one on a regular basis on herself to satisfy her desires.

Taryn started out slowly tracing the slit of the pussy from the bottom to the top, circling the clit when she was there. Down the slit she moved the device until the entrance to Karen's pussy was there. Instead of plunging it inside as Karen had anticipated, Taryn darted off to the side, tracing the insides of Karen's thighs with the buzzing, pleasure device. Taryn kept up this sporadic teasing now and again and soon had Karen moaning in a needy whine.

"Fuck me!" Karen finally moaned out in an almost cry.

With that, Taryn thrust the device into Karen's pussy as deep as it would go, and withdrew the device just as fast. Karen's moan's turned to screams as Taryn kept up the frenzied pace of madly thrusting the vibrator. What turned up the pressure even more on poor Karen was the fact that Taryn began to lick and flick her tongue across Karen's clit.

"YOU BITCH! CUUUUUMMMMIIIINNNNGG!!!!" Karen screamed as she grabbed the back of Taryn's head and tried valiantly to pull her head inside her pussy.

Karen was quite vocal as she screamed obscenities throughout her climax. If it wasn't for the fact that Karen's feet were in the stirrups her legs would be tightly clamped around Taryn's head. Karen felt as if her whole being was sucked out of her pussy and into her friend's waiting mouth. Taryn was cruel in the fact that she never stopped her sucking on Karen's clit, nor her thrusting of her vibrator. With one last scream and an arching of her back, Karen fell silent and slumped down on the exam table.

Taryn felt a sense of pride that she could make another woman cum so hard that she passed out! She licked up what remaining juices she could find before she pulled herself up and wiped off her face. By the time Karen started to stir, Taryn was already in her robe and standing beside Karen.

"Oh gez, honey, I needed that!" Karen said breathlessly as she looked up at Taryn with a weary smile.

"You're welcome, I was just returning the favor," Taryn said as she stroked Karen's head while smiling lovingly at her old friend and new lover.

"I think you gave better than you got!" Karen said with a chuckle as she leaned up and kissed Taryn on the lips.

What surprised Taryn most about the kiss wasn't the suddenness or the unexpectedness of it, but rather how good and natural it felt. With all that they had shared and experienced together, it seemed only fitting to kiss. When the simple peck on the lips was over both women smiled warmly at each other for a moment. It was Taryn who leaned in and kissed Karen on the lips this time and this time it was a lingering, loving kiss. As both women were heating up and really getting into the passionate kiss, something brought them out of their private moment.

"Hello?" came a faint shout from the front of the spa. "Anyone there?" the faint voice repeated.

"Damn, a customer," Karen sighed as she broke the kiss. "Be there in a minute!" Karen shouted as Taryn helped her up and off of the exam bed.

"You take care of her, I'll be out front in a bit," Taryn said as Karen quickly pulled on her hospital scrub pants and kissed Taryn one last time, snaking her tongue into Karen's mouth.

"Go on!" Taryn said as she smacked Karen on the as playfully as Karen rushed out the door.

Taryn walked to the change room, found her clothes, casually put them on before walking to the front. On the way she passed Karen and an older woman walking towards the change room. Taryn had intended to simply wait for Karen to finish up before paying and leaving. When she got to the front she found another woman standing there, looking lost.

"Oh hi, I was thinking about treating myself," the young woman said in a nervous tone of voice.

"Well, sh . . ." Taryn started to explain that Karen was in the back but quickly bit her tongue as an idea hit her. "You certainly have come to the right place to treat yourself," Taryn said with a bright smile and in a warm and welcoming manner.

"I was thinking of just a facial," the young woman said tentatively, in a slightly timid manner. "But I've never had one before, what's involved?" she asked curiously.

"Oh there's a number of things we can do for your face," Taryn said in a cheery manner before she started to explain all the things that Karen had just done to her face.

Since Taryn had a good memory and had just been treated to the works, she could easily explain what the spa had to offer. It didn't take that long for Karen to get the old woman settled in the first station of the spa. Karen got a mild shock to see Taryn standing behind the counter talking to the young woman, looking as if she belonged there.

"Hello," Karen said with a queer look on her face and a slightly raised eyebrow as she glanced between the young woman and Taryn.

"Hello, Sue here has decided to treat herself to a facial, but I convinced her to go for the works with regards to her face." Taryn said with a charming smile as she gestured to the young woman with one hand.

"A good choice, you need to take care of your face, after all, it is what you show the world," Karen said with a smile, trying to hide her shock. "Come with me and we'll get started," she said as she gestured toward the back of the building.

That started a steady stream of customers and after the first few Taryn got the hang of how to talk to them. She seemed to be able to sense what each woman wanted, beyond what they came in for. As well she began to get an eye for what each woman needed to have done and even started to make suggestions. Time flew by as Taryn was enjoying herself, "playing hostess" as she called it. Later that afternoon a young woman walked into the front door like she owned the place, giving Taryn a strange look.

"Hello dear, what can we do for you today?" Taryn greeted the woman warmly, like she had greeted all the customers that day.

"Excuse me?" the pretty, young, Italian teenager asked Taryn with a strange look on her face.

The young woman looked to be in her late teens, somewhere around Rosina's age. Her olive skin, brown eyes and black hair that fell to her waist, made obvious her Italian heritage. She stood just a little taller than Taryn and was quite curvy and well shaped. Though, like Taryn she had a little extra weight on her, but carried that weight well. Instead of being collected at her middle or on her rump, it was evenly disbursed around her body. With the slightly larger figure of this woman came larger than average breasts. It seemed that this woman wasn't self-conscious of her body one bit as she wore form-fitting jeans and a tight t-shirt. Every last curve on this young woman was clearly evident and Taryn couldn't help but trace them with her eyes, admiring her body. A small backpack was slung over one shoulder as she continued to saunter toward Taryn.

"What did you come in for, just a facial perhaps?" Taryn asked as the teen walked toward Taryn with the same strange look on her face.

"I live here. Where's mom?" the teen asked as she eyed up Taryn with a dubious expression on her face. "Who are you?" she asked as she walked behind the counter and stood next to Taryn, dropping her backpack on a nearby chair.

"Veronica! My you've grown! It's been years since I've seen you but my you have grown into quite a beautiful young lady!" Taryn said warmly as Veronica rested an arm on the counter.

"That was creepy. Who are you, and what are you doing here?" Veronica asked in an ever so slightly annoyed manner.

"I'm Taryn, a friend of your mother's. My husband works at the same law firm that your father does. I came in to treat myself, and ended up helping out," Taryn said with a bright tone of voice, ignoring Veronica's attitude.

"A friend of dad's, great," Veronica huffed and rolled her eyes.

"No! I am a friend of your mother's. My husband happens to work with your father," Taryn repeated firmly and gave Veronica a gruff look.

"A friend of my mother's, eh? How come I haven't seen you in years?" Veronica asked daringly as she leaned in toward Taryn, waiting for an answer.

"After the divorce, we just, sort-of, lost touch I guess," Taryn admitted with a slightly weakened manner, looking saddened by that point. "I'm glad that I found her again though," she said and smiled warmly at Veronica.

Before Veronica could respond in anyway, the noise from the back made plain that Karen was coming up with a customer. Both Taryn and Veronica kept quiet as Karen finished up with the customer and watched the woman leave before anyone said anything.

"You're here sweetheart. How was school?" Karen asked as she and Veronica exchanged kisses on the cheek.

"Fine," Veronica said as she smiled at her mother before glancing at Taryn. "I met your friend here," she said with a, barely pleasant, tone of voice.

"Yeah, she came in for the works and ended up working the front. I didn't even ask her!" Karen said with astonishment before turning to face Taryn, "Thanks again, I don't know what I would have done without you today!" she said as she hugged Taryn tightly for a moment before breaking the embrace, "You really were a life-saver."

"I loved it! It was much more fun than hanging around the house all day!" Taryn chuckled and then reached for her purse that had been stowed under the counter. "I guess I should pay and leave. My brood will be home soon and they can be grumpy if I don't feed them quickly." she chuckled as she pulled out her bank card.

"Absolutely not! After all you've done today I can't think of charging you!" Karen said as firmly as she shook her head defiantly.

"I am a customer and I demand that you take my money!" Taryn said with equal determination as she thrust her bank card at Karen.

"No! You've eared it!" Karen said with a slight scowl on her face as she pushed Taryn's bank cared back at Taryn.

"I want to pay," Taryn said sincerely, with a serious look in her eye.

"Okay, but I can't possibly charge you more than full price." Karen said as she started to tap away at the keys of the computer.

"We agreed on double price!" Taryn said sternly as she poked Karen's shoulder.

"HEY LADY, we don't need your charity!" Veronica snapped at Taryn with a dirty scowl on her face.

"It's not cha . . ." Taryn started to defend but Karen spoke up quickly.

"She's right, full price and not a penny more!" Karen said with a stern and serious look in her eye.

"Alright," Taryn said, throwing her hands up in surrender, and paid quickly.

"It is good to see you, Taryn," Karen said as she gave Taryn one last hug before Tarn walked toward the door.

"See you tomorrow," Taryn said with a sparkle in her eye and winked at Karen.

"Tomorrow?" Karen asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Yeah, I had so much fun today, I've decided to give you a hand during the days, if you'll have me that is," Taryn said with a friendly tone of voice as she stood tall.

"I can't pay you much," Karen said sheepishly, with a slightly embarrassed look on her face.

"You don't have to pay me anything. You remember why you started this place, don't you? You needed a reason to get out of the house more than you needed the money. I'm the same way, my kids are grown and don't need me to mother them anymore. I am bored silly, hanging around the house these days, it'll do me good." Taryn said with a sincere tone of voice and a warm smile.

"Fine, but I'm not charging you for any more services you use!" Karen said sternly, with her hands firmly on her hips before she broke into laughter. "Bless you Taryn Thompson!" Karen said with a gratified look on her face and a tear in her eye.

"I love you too, Karen, see you tomorrow." Taryn said and left the spa before Karen could respond.

With that Taryn walked home with a spring in her step. She felt confident, happy and pleased with herself. It had been a very long time since she had any sort of job and was looking forward to the challenge. The work didn't seem like work and she was ever so truthful when she said she needed something to fill her days with other than dust-bunnies.

When she arrived home, it was the sight of Owen's bedroom that reminded her of her Master. She smiled to herself as she thought that she would have an ever so exciting story to tell him. She was pleased with herself for all she had accomplished that day. The fact that she had had sex with Karen didn't bother her at all. In fact the incident was a strange source of pride; she had done so on the orders of her Master. He would be pleased with her for doing so, she knew it. After changing into fresh clothes she headed down to the kitchen to start dinner for Owen and Rosina. She didn't expect Richard home until late, she never expected him home at dinnertime, but once in a while he did surprise her. She looked at the clock and knew that time was short, her kids would be home soon.

Evening would be interesting and she wondered what Master had planned. He told her that he would inspect her to see if she had complied with his orders. Taryn hoped that the inspection would lead to sex, as she needed to be with him again. She already felt herself getting wet just anticipating his arrival, he was a drug that she needed. Sex would be interesting with Rosina around and Taryn wondered how they would do anything without raising Rosina's suspicions. That little matter Taryn would leave to Master to figure out, she trusted him completely and would do anything he asked. She only hoped that she could live with what he would make her do, the fact that she would comply was a forgone conclusion.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 04
bypolyman©

Chapter Four: The Inquisitive Rosina

Curiosity is generally considered to be a good thing. Someone who has an inquisitive nature is usually looked upon as being intelligent; possessing a keen intellect. Some people possess a deep desire to know all secrets, to unravel all mysteries. To them, the search is almost as important, if not more important, than the answer itself. These people can't help themselves, for it ingrained deep within their nature, to discover the truth; all truth.

Rosina is one of these people, and has been so as long as she could remember. Perhaps it would have been better for her to become a police officer, private investigator, or scientist, rather than the nurse that she was studying to become. Rosina liked helping and caring for people, and it was for that reason that she decided to become a nurse. She was in her first year of college and had a ways to go, but already started to feel weighed down with her studies. The last thing she needed was a distraction from her classes and studies, but that is what she had, something wouldn't leave her alone.

Last night her mother had dragged her brother out for a "birthday drink," since it was his twenty-first birthday yesterday. This morning there was something different between them, but Rosina couldn't pinpoint exactly what. For one thing Rosina found her mother feeding her brother breakfast! To bring him breakfast in bed was strange and unusual in itself but to feed him was just bizarre! That was odd in itself but Rosina couldn't help but notice that her mother looked fresh, complete with makeup. Now that Rosina thought about it she swore that she heard the shower running earlier that morning, before her mother's shower. During that second shower Rosina swore that she heard her mother shout "Master." Then to see her brother and mother exit the bathroom, both looking showered was too much to let slip. Rosina had many questions and no answers; something was going on, something concerning that birthday outing.

As Rosina stepped off of the bus not far from her house, she swore to herself that she would find out what was going on. A small part of her mind told her that she might not like what she found. For Rosina, she had no choice, there was a mystery afoot and she had to solve it. Just knowing there was a secret that she didn't know would gnaw away at her until she figured it out. As she walked up the stairs to the house, Rosina knew she would do nothing other than work on this mystery tonight. Thankfully there were no assignments due tomorrow and she had only planned to review that evening. Until she knew what was going on between her mother and brother, she would not be able to concentrate. She opened the door and walked to where she knew her mother would be: the kitchen

"Hi, mom," Rosina said as she walked into kitchen and saw her mother preparing dinner on the stove.

"Hi, Sweetie, how was school?" Taryn asked with a warm smile as she hugged her daughter.

"Great, how was your day, what did you do?" Rosina asked her mother after kissing her.

"I treated myself to a day at the spa. Did you know Karen Basilone, Veronica's mother, runs the spa around the way?" Taryn said with excitement as Rosina broke the embrace and walked toward the refrigerator.

"Who?" Rosina asked curiously as she opened the fridge and looked inside for something to drink.

Taryn had to shake her head as she couldn't help but notice what a tight and shapely ass her daughter had. Taryn was troubled by "noticing" her daughter in such a way. She wrote it off as a result of the very strange events of the past twenty-four hours. Taryn had to return her attention to the stove for fear that Rosina would catch her staring at her ass.

"She was married to Tony Basilone, one of the lawyers at your father's firm," Taryn said as she stirred the pasta sauce quickly.

"Oh." Rosina replied nonchalantly, as she still searched for a can of coke. In truth she didn't remember any of the names mentioned and didn't care who they were.

"I ended up helping Karen out the rest of the day, and I'm going back tomorrow," Taryn said with pride and smiled at her daughter's back, steeling a glance at the tight ass.

"Okay, why?" Rosina asked as she pulled out a can of coke, closed the fridge and leaned against it to look inquisitively at her mother.

"I don't need to spend my whole day cleaning this place, you guys are grown up and don't need me as much anymore," Taryn said as she stirred the pot on the stove.

"So you're bored, I get it." Rosina replied with a nod of her head as she took a sip of the coke. "But we'll always need you mom!" she said as she gave her mother a hug from behind.

"Thanks, dear," Taryn said as she patted Rosina's hand and smiled at her daughter.

"So how was last night?" Rosina asked in a calm and casual tone of voice as she took a seat at the kitchen table.

"What?" Taryn replied as her face flushed with panic.

"That birthday drink thing with Owen, how did that go? You guys didn't get back until late, anything interesting happen?" Rosina asked in a manner that she tried hard to keep casual and not inquisitive.

"Oh nothing special, a few drinks, some dancing, quite boring really." Taryn said quickly and dismissively. "How are your studies coming for your finals?" she asked with a bright smile and looked directly at Rosina.

Rosina wasn't buying it; she could tell that her mother was being evasive about last night. Clearly, something happened last night that her mother didn't want to talk about. The odd behavior must be a result of whatever incident had happened during their outing. For a brief moment Rosina thought about pressing her mother further on this issue, but decided against it. Since her mother didn't know that she knew something was going on it would be wise to keep a low profile. If Rosina kept quiet she might be able to piece together the whole picture without raising suspicions. With a sigh Rosina engaged her mother in idle small-talk as her mother made dinner. Rosina set dinner for four at the dinner table, it was a tradition to set the place for dad but simply start without him. On an extremely rare occasion Richard actually made it home for dinner on time.

When Owen came home Rosina looked at him intently; she wanted to see how the two of them reacted to each other. In seeing the two of them together, it might provide some clues as to what was going on. After her mother's evasive answer about last night, it wasn't a question of IF something was going, it was a question of WHAT was going on. Rosina was in the dining room with her back to the door to the kitchen, and off to the side when Owen burst into the Kitchen. Rosina was not in the doorway but could see what was going on in the reflection in the glass of the china cabinet.

"Hello dear, how was school, Rosina's setting the table for dinner," Taryn said with a look of fear in her eyes as she turned to face the approaching Owen.

Hmm, that last part was clearly meant as a sly warning for Owen, Rosina thought to herself. Why would Owen care what she was doing? Why would her mother think that Owen would give a shit where his sister was, unless it was to tell him to watch himself, because she was in the next room. Rosina stood still, not moving a muscle; her eyes were glued to her brother as he hugged his mother and moved in for a kiss.

So far, this was not abnormal, for it was usual for the two of them to hug and kiss their mother hello. They did it whenever they left or came home, it was one of those things they always did. However, even looking in the reflection of the china cabinet, Rosina could tell that this was a different kind of hug and kiss. Rosina could see that her mother melted into the embrace of her son in a way that a mother shouldn't; there was not an inch of space between them. That was strange enough but the kiss was even more bizarre, for it was a full on lip-lock! It was not a platonic kiss you give a family member. Even though it lasted only a few seconds, it was a hot kiss, full of passion. Rosina's chin hit the floor when she saw the sultry, satisfied smile on her mother's face when the kiss was over.

"Watch it! Rosina's in the next room!" Taryn said in a hissing whisper as she smacked Owen on the shoulder and broke the embrace.

"Couldn't help myself," Owen said with a cocky smile on his face as Taryn turned back to the stove and started to stir the pasta briskly.

"Cool it!" Taryn said in a scolding whisper over her shoulder.

"I will," Owen said as he openly groped his mother's ass, before departing the room from the direction he had come.

The fact that the only response that her mother gave to that obviously sexual contact was a dirty scowl over her shoulder at her departing son, cinched it. Now Rosina KNEW that something was going on! It was almost unfathomable to conceive that anything sexual could possibly be going on between a mother and son! What Rosina had just witnessed, made it clear that something sexual had happened between the two of them. What was harder to understand was that it was obviously an ongoing thing. How could either of them have allowed anything sexual to happen between them? Even if it did happen once, how could either of them do it again? Why would either of them want to do it again? What mother would want to have sex with her son? What son would want to have sex with his mother? Owen himself was never a "momma's boy" and rarely showed affection to either her or their mother. He would be the last guy on the planet that Rosina would have imaged to have harbored any romantic feelings for his mother.

Rosina felt sick to her stomach as a result of all of these disgusting questions and concepts that rolled through her mind. It was at that point that a smart person would have washed their hands of the situation and pretended not to have noticed anything. Anyone could see that the truth of the mystery would not be pleasant. This was not in Rosina's nature, for the game was only beginning; there were many more questions that needed answering. As troubling as it was, Rosina would find out the truth of this situation. She told herself that once she knew exactly what was going on she would put a stop to it for both of their sakes. This sort of thing was not normal and would only hurt the whole family in the long run!

"All done," Rosina said in an informal manner, as she sauntered into the kitchen.

"Oh good, here, set this out," Taryn said with a smile as she handed Rosina the pot of spaghetti noodles.

Rosina tried hard not to outwardly look angry or otherwise lash out at her mother. She knew that if she let on that she was on to them, that she may never find out the truth. Her eyes closed to a slit only briefly before she smiled to compensate. She then turned and walked to the dining room, placing the dish of noodles in the centre of the table. Rosina was followed close behind by her mother who put the dish of pasta sauce in the centre of the table, near the noodles.

For the most part dinner was a quiet affair, and everyone ate in relative silence. There was the sporadic small-talk about their days as they ate. The only thing of interest that happened between Owen and Taryn was the light glare that Owen gave Taryn when she mentioned that she was now working at Karen's spa. Rosina watched closely and saw the troubled look that her mother gave Owen in reply. There was more going on between them than had already been revealed. This only intensified Rosina's desire to find out what was going on.

Rosina knew that to find out what was going on she would have to observe them when they were alone. Only when the believed that they were in private would Rosina learn anything of consequence. Perhaps if she left and snuck back, she could watch them and get the answers she sought.

"Well, I'm off," Rosina said as she bounced up from the table, taking her dishes with her.

"Where are you going, dear?" Taryn asked curiously, trying not to show her excitement at the prospect of being alone with Owen.

"I'm going to the library to study," Rosina called out from the kitchen as she rinsed her dishes and put them in the dishwasher.

"How long will you be?" Taryn asked casually, giving Owen a wink that Rosina didn't see.

"Probably till they close at ten," Rosina said as she returned and gave her mother a peck on the lips. "Goodbye, mom," she said before rushing through the kitchen, picking up her backpack as she went.

Rosina walked around the neighborhood, even walking down past the spa that her mother had mentioned. Rosina wasn't going anywhere in particular, she just wanted to kill half an hour. That would give her mother long enough to do the dinner dishes and think that their privacy would be ensured. As well, it would be dark by then and she could spy from the outside of the house with relative safety.

After dark fell, Rosina returned to the house and tucked her backpack behind a front bush. Carefully she peered into the downstairs windows, trying to locate either of them. After looking into all of the downstairs rooms she had a feeling where they were. More than likely they would be upstairs in either their parent's room or Owen's bedroom. Even though they were on the second floor, observing them would not be a problem.

The house had a long sloping roofline broken up by gables at each of the four bedrooms on the second floor. The roof was easy to walk on with little chance of slipping off, except in winter. The bathroom was at one of the ends of rectangle shaped house, with the stairs to the first floor on the opposite end. On the first floor there was a sitting room, dining room, kitchen and study. There was a small central hall that joined up the main entrance to the stairs and four rooms. While the kitchen opened up to the dining room and the main hall, the study only opened up to the main entrance. The sitting room opened up to both the dining room and the main entrance both with dual sliding doors.

While it was a small house it had the finer touches here and there that denoted that the owners had money. For example all of the trim around the walls were in oak and stained in a dark stain. The sliding doors that dominated the lower floor of the house were all in oak and were the pocket-door type, which retracted into the wall. The entertainment centre in the sitting room was full of the latest and greatest electronic devices. The study was expertly detailed and decked out for Richard's use at home, though rarely he used it.

The ivy that grew up the side of the house, which Richard had insisted must stay was what Rosina thanked herself for now. That trellis and ivy made a perfect ladder to the roof. On many occasions she had snuck out of and back into her room this way. She was surefooted on that roof, even more-so in bare feet.

With a smile to herself Rosina walked around to the side of the house and took one last look around her, to see if anyone spotted her. Confident that she was unseen, Rosina quietly climbed up the trellis and onto the roof. The first thing she did, was take off her shoes and socks, this allowed her greater traction on the roof.

Quietly Rosina crept toward the side of Owen's window, making sure to stay out of the light that streamed out of the window. She looked at the window from the side and noticed that the curtains were drawn but they were open a crack. As well, Rosina noticed that the window was open just a touch, just enough to let a bit of air into the room.

Crawling on her belly, Rosina positioned herself to peek into the room through that crack with little chance of being seen. At first glance into the room, Rosina knew that she had hit the jackpot, for she could see and hear both her mother and brother clearly. Rosina now knew that she would finally get some answers. She feared that she may not like what she found out, but she needed to know the truth.

Owen and Taryn were both fully dressed when Rosina first looked into that room. Owen was sitting on the edge of his bed and Taryn was standing just inside the closed door. Owen looked upset about something and from the look on Taryn's face, she was ashamed about something that she had done. Rosina watched and tried to pick up on a conversation that had obviously been underway for a little while.

"I know it will be good for you, but that is not my point!" Owen said in an, almost out of character, firm tone of voice. "You made a major decision without consulting me!" he continued with in aggravated manner.

"I'm sorry, Master, I . . . I didn't think," Taryn said and stifled a sob, knowing that she had upset and disappointed her Master.

MASTER!!! What the hell? Did she just hear that right, Rosina thought to herself as she stared at her mother in disbelief. Did her mother just call her brother, "Master?" Rosina watched the pair in the room with fervent interest, now more than ever needing to know what was going on.

"We're both new at this, so I shall be lenient this time. Do you agree that you need to be punished, Slave?" Owen asked in a commanding and demanding tone of voice that Rosina had never heard him use before.

"Yes, Master, I should be punished," Taryn said with a sorrowful and mournful tone of voice as she hung her head in shame. "I will ask you in the future, Master," she continued and looked up ever so briefly at her son and Master, hoping for some reassurance from him.

"I know you will, Slave," Owen said in a firm, but slightly softer tone of voice. He smiled up at Taryn and waited for their eyes to meet before he continued. "Let's get this over with, lie over my lap," Owen ordered as he brought his legs together and looked up at his mother expectantly.

Silently, Taryn stifled a sob and her eyes got wet as she looked down at Owen's lap for a second. It took only a stern look from Owen to get her to move. Slowly and steadily Taryn moved until she lay across Owen's lap and waited with her rear in the air. Owen then lifted up Taryn's skirt over her waist revealing her panty covered rump. Quickly and without pause Owen reached up and pulled her panties down and off of her body. With a flick of the wrist Owen tossed them against the bedroom door so hard the made a definite thump before they dropped silently on the floor.

"Now I want you to count off and thank me for each one. I think that five will do this time," Owen said in a determined look on his face and raised his hand in the air.

Rosina brought her hand to her mouth as she watched in horror at the scene in the room. Never in a million years would she have thought that such a thing was possible! From the way that her mother was lying across Owen's lap Rosina could see Taryn's face. Her mother was lying across her son's lap with her ass completely uncovered, waiting to be spanked! What parent would ever let their child spank them? What parent would call their child "Master" and let that child call them "Slave?"

CRACK! Owen's hand came down hard on the right cheek of his mother's ass; she squealed in pain.

"ONE! Thank you Master!" Taryn said with a look of fear in her eye and a tear on her cheek.

CRACK! Again Owen spanked his mother hard on the left cheek of her ass.

"TWO! Thank you Master!" Taryn called out and sobbed as another tear ran down her cheek.

CRACK! Again Owen spanked his mother, hard.

"THREE! Thank you Master!" Taryn called out but this time there was a slight smile on her face.

CRACK! Again the Master spanked his Slave.

"FOUR! Thank you Master!" Taryn said with closed eyes and bit her lower lip slightly as she breathed deeply.

CRACK! One last time the son spanked his mother.

"FIVE! Thank you Master!" Taryn said with a satisfied look on her face and opened her eyes where a look of lust lived. 

"There, Slave, You have been punished, so I consider the matter closed. I must stress that you MUST ask me about all major decisions from now on, is that clear, Slave?" Owen said firmly as he started to rub his mother's red ass in a comforting gesture.

"Yes, Master but I've been such a bad Slave, I need more, Master!" Taryn said in a needy, lustful tone of voice as she stared blankly out the window.

Rosina almost shrieked in shock and she couldn't believe her ears. Did her mother just ask for more spanking? Could it be possible that her mother actually enjoyed being spanked by her son? Rosina was stunned by all that she had seen so far and part of her wanted to leave. Yet she couldn't move from that spot, she needed to see more of this disgusting scene. Rosina didn't understand why she wasn't able to tear her eyes away from the horrific scene. It was like when you drive past a terrible car accident, you look on in shock and horror, but still want to see the blood and guts. You are shocked and dismayed, yet morbidly curious at the same time, conflicted by opposing emotions to the same stimuli.

"You want more do you?" Owen asked with a cocky grin on his face.

"Yes, Master, your naughty little Slave needs more punishment!" Taryn asked in a husky growl as she looked out the window, seemingly right into Rosina's eyes.

Owen just chuckled as he raised his hand once more and brought it down sharply on his mother's ass. For the next minute or so Owen savagely spanked Taryn without mercy. Taryn shrieked in pain and Rosina considered busting into the room to stop it. If it wasn't for the obscene words of urging from Taryn, Rosina might have done just that. Words like: "Spank me, Master," "Spank your naughty little Slave!" "I've been so bad, Master, spank my ass." One comment more than any other sent Rosina over the edge, and almost made her vomit: "spank me son, spank your mother, spank mommy!"

When Taryn broke into uncontrollable tears, Owen stopped spanking her and started to rub her red ass in a soothing manner. He said nothing as he waited for her crying to subside and stop all together. He smiled at his mother who was still laying over his lap looking blankly out of the window.

"Thank you, Master, I needed that," Taryn said dreamily as her breathing returned to normal.

Rosina's mind was blown at this development! Not only had her mother allowed the spanking to take place, not only that, but she had actually enjoyed the corporal punishment, and even asked for more! Rosina couldn't deny the euphoric look on her mother's face now that the spanking was over and couldn't fathom it. What hit her harder than her mother's reaction to the spanking, was her own. Rosina could feel that her panties were soaked; she was wet and had gotten a sexual charge out of watching it.

"Stand up, Slave and strip, I need to inspect you," Owen said calmly as he lightly tapped Taryn's rear.

Taryn stood up and unzipped the dress that she had been wearing up before lifting it over her head. Taryn tossed her dress carelessly in the direction of her discarded panties. After what Rosina had just witnessed, it didn't seem too strange to see her mother casually strip for her son, on command. Though Rosina knew it wasn't normal, but this scene was far from normal, but still she couldn't tear her eyes away. Without stopping Taryn reached behind her and unfastened the unimaginative bra before removing it. She tossed the bra on top of her dress and panties by the door before standing up straight, like a solder at attention.

Rosina had seen her mother naked before but it was only ever in passing. When they went to the pool they would change together but never before had she looked at it with any interest. This time, as her mother stood straight and tall, waiting for her son to say something, Rosina's eyes walked over her mother's body and drank in every detail. Shockingly she liked what she saw and was silently impressed that her mother looked as good as she did. The size and shape of her mother's breasts were what captivated Rosina's interest, being that they were much larger than her own.

"I see you did shave exactly as I instructed. Good work, Slave," Owen said as he ran his finger through his mother's "O" shaped patch of pubic hair.

It wasn't until that moment that Rosina noticed her mother's pussy or pubic hair at all. With astonishment she saw that indeed her mother's patch of pubic hair had been trimmed into the shape of an "O." Rosina looked on, flabbergasted that her mother would do such a thing, yet part of her was excited by the sight of it. It was obvious what the "O" stood for: Owen, that was yet another bizarre detail of this encounter.

Owen stood up and said, "strip me, Slave."

Taryn did just that as she carefully removed each and every article of clothing that Owen was wearing. Rosina watched with morbid curiosity as her mother did just as her brother had ordered. Part of Rosina wondered why she was doing this? What was it like to be under his total control? The wetness in her panties grew as she watched her mother strip her brother. As more of her brother's body came into view, Rosina's excitement grew. Like her mother's body, Rosina had never given Owen's body a good look. He was her brother and so she never looked at him in that way. As his pants dropped to the floor Rosina couldn't deny that he did have a trim body, he wasn't a body-builder but he did look good. His underwear was the last item to come off and when it did, Rosina took in a sharp breath.

His cock was huge! Rather to say it was fat, deliciously thick would be a better description of it. Rosina started to understand why her mother may be coming back to her son over and over again. Nasty thoughts started to form in her mind as she imagined what that gorgeous hunk of man-flesh would do to a woman's body: her body. Rosina's excitement was growing and she stared to involuntarily squeeze her legs together.

"Did you do the other thing I ordered you to do?" Owen asked as he sat back down on the bed.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied meekly from her place still kneeling on the floor in front of him.

"Good. Did you succeed? How far did you get?" Owen asked with a raised eyebrow of curiosity.

"Well, Master, I did manage to get her to eat me out, and I ate her out as well." Taryn replied timidly, looking down as she spoke.

"Excellent! How did that make you feel? Did you like it? Would you like to do it again?" Owen asked with interest as he leaned in and looked at his mother.

"I didn't want to do it. I did it only because you ordered me to, Master. But looking back on it now, it wasn't that bad, I actually enjoyed it. With your permission, we may do it again, I don't know; Karen seemed to like it," Taryn said in a shaky tone of voice as she looked down at the floor but looked up at Owen with big, wet eyes when she finished speaking.

"Absolutely, you can have sex with Karen as often as you like, but remember if Richard wants to have you, you must ask my permission first, each time, understand?" Owen said in a commanding tone of voice as he sat up straight.

Rosina wasn't as shocked as she might have been, or perhaps should have been. Her nerves were shot due to the astoundingly bizarre revelations she had seen in the past few minutes. There seemed to be a strange sense of logic to what Owen was saying. While he encouraged their mother to have sex with another woman, he frowned on her having sex with another man, even her husband. On the one hand, most men found the concept of woman-on-woman sex erotic, but could be jealous of his woman having sex with another man. Since their mother was not just having sex with Owen but indeed his Slave, she was bound to him.

Rosina was visibly shaken that she understood what Owen was doing. She felt like a part of herself was being sucked down into their depraved world with each disgusting part of it she understood. As Rosina looked at her brother she started to see him in a different light. Now she saw the, strong, confident man that he had become. She could feel his power, even from her spot lying outside his window. Rosina began to understand why her mother was kneeling before him, and this was the most troubling realization of all.

"You've been such a good Slave, you may suck my cock," Owen said with a cocky smile as he opened his legs.

"Thank you, Master!" Taryn said with a squeal of delight and her whole being lit up as she rushed toward him.

Rosina watched as her mother grasped her Master's cock by the base and opened her mouth wide to take him in. As the head of his cock slipped past her lips Taryn closed her eyes and pushed her lips farther down his shaft. Rosina's eyes opened wide in wonder as she saw the entire, thick cock disappear into her mother's mouth. She knew that she should be disgusted by watching this, but she wasn't. Instead of wanting to vomit at the sight of a mother sucking off her son, Rosina involuntarily licked her lips. Taryn sucked on her son's cock so hard her cheeks hollowed out while she bobbed her head up and down. As Rosina watched the pair, she stared to wonder what it would be like for her mother to do that? What would it feel like to suck on that cock? Rosina couldn't get the image of herself kneeling before Owen, doing that very thing out of her mind. A tear rolled down her cheek as she knew that thought excited her.

Her pussy was throbbing so hard that she needed release, badly! As her mother sucked on her brother's cock, Rosina undid her jeans and thrust her hand down to her pussy. Madly she played with her clit as the illicit and taboo blowjob continued. Rosina's envy grew as her passion grew, in her mind it was she who was sucking off Owen, not her mother! Passion had blurred her better judgment Rosina convinced herself as she thrust a finger into her pussy. She wasn't really tuned on by this, it was just the shock of it all, she told herself with shaky confidence.

"Close! Gonna Cum! Pull out; I want to cum on your face!" Owen groaned out and Taryn stopped the blowjob and aimed the thick cock at her face.

Taryn closed her eyes and waited as she pumped her fist up and down on the slick shaft. With a groan Owen leaned his head back while his cock came to life. Spurt after spurt erupted out of the head of it and splashed onto Taryn's waiting face. There was so much of it that it ran down off of her face and dripped onto her large breasts. When Owen's climax was finally over, he rested back on his hands and took a few deep breaths. After a brief moment he leaned forward and looked at his cum-covered mother eagerly looking up at him. The look on her face was one of love and devotion, she loved bringing him pleasure and being used for his pleasure, and it showed.

Rosina's finger thrust madly in and out of her hot and wet pussy at a blinding pace. She was so horny by what she saw and couldn't believe how hot watching her brother cum all over his mother's face and tits excited her. Once again, in her mind, Rosina replaced her mother with herself. She closed her eyes and envisioned that it was her face and tits that now dripped with her brother's cum. That image lived in her mind as she started to convulse in orgasmic bliss. She bit her lip so hard that she thought she was going to draw blood but knew that she had to keep quiet. She came harder on that darkened roof than she had ever remembered and for a moment everything went black. The shifting of her weight brought her back to reality as she started to roll off the roof. She caught herself before she had rolled one revolution but still the incident startled her

"Suck me hard again, Slave," Owen said with a determined tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said and immediately started to lick and suck on Owen's cock in an effort to resuscitate it.

Rosina moved closer to the window, to get a better view, as she knew what was going to happen next. Rosina knew that her brother was going to fuck their mother; this was something she had to see. Rosina was far past any sort of logic now, way beyond idle curiosity about the odd behavior of her mother and brother. Rosina was hot and horny from watching the taboo scene and needed to see more. As she saw Owen's cock come to life from her mother's ministrations, she longed to see that monster plunging deep into her mother's depths.

"Good enough, Slave. Get on your hands and knees, on the bed," Owen commanded as he stood up and moved aside.

"Oh yes, Master!" Taryn gushed and scurried up on the bed and got into the position she had been ordered to.

Casually and with an arrogant smile on his face Owen climbed up on the bed and positioned himself behind his mother. He placed both of his hands on her hips and inched himself forward. Without being told, Taryn reached between her legs and gently grasped his cock, guiding it to the entrance of her womanhood. With a dreamy expression on her face Taryn remained motionless, waiting for her Master to mount her.

"What do you want, Slave?" Owen sneered with a cocky manner about him.

"I want you to fuck me, Master," Taryn said in a needy whine, with her eyes closed.

"What are you?" Owen asked as he rocked his hips back and forth, casing his cock to slide up and down Taryn's slit.

"I'm your Slave, Master," Taryn said with a lusty growl as she stared blankly at the wall.

"And what am I?" Owen asked with a husky, lust filled tone of his own as he continued to tease Taryn's pussy.

"You're my Master!" Taryn insisted, as her body started to slowly rock back and forth, in reaction to his teasing.

"Who owns you?" Owen asked with a commanding tone of voice.

"You, Master!" Taryn said with a dreamy look in her eye as she smiled to herself.

"How long will you serve me, Slave?" Owen asked with a growl in his voice and a lust-filled expression on his face.

"For life, Master, I am your Slave for the rest of my life!" Taryn said with a needy whine as her head dropped down. "Please, Master, fuck me! I can't take it anymore, Master, I need you inside me! Fuck me, Master, Fuck me!" Taryn said in a pleading, teary cry as she hung her head and sobbed a few sobs.

"Okay, you asked for it!" Owen said as he pulled hard on Taryn's hips and in one quick motion he was fully inside her.

"OH, MASTER!" Taryn screamed out as her eyes shot open from the intense shock of him suddenly being inside her.

Owen never stopped to let Taryn get used to his size being inside her. Instead, Owen simply pulled back and thrust himself back inside her as quickly as he had the first time. At a savage and intense pace Owen ravaged Taryn's body, and her body instinctively reacted to him. Taryn rocked back and forth, making sure to meet his thrusts with one of her own. The stern look on her face was one of intense pleasure mixed with pure lust.

Rosina felt her pussy throb in time with her heartbeat as she watched her brother wildly fuck their mother. As she watched them fuck, she felt a few things changing within her. Rosina could understand a little more what was going on. She could feel Owen's commanding presence, even from outside the window. She could sense his power and felt weaker just being near him, so much so that she couldn't look him in the eye. Rosina looked at her mother's face and tried to feel just what she was feeling.

Rosina wanted to know just what that lucky whore was feeling, being taken and claimed by that powerful man. She closed her eyes and listened to the sounds of their coupling. In her mind it was she that Owen was savagely fucking, not their mother; her pussy throbbed in time with their fucking. Rosina wondered just what it would be like to be with him, to belong to him, to serve him. The last thought caused Rosina to shudder as she imagined herself on her knees before Owen swearing to be his Slave for life. Her excitement grew so much so that she almost came at the thought of it, but why?

What was it about this scenario that Rosina found so enthralling and erotic? What was wrong with her that made her want to fuck her brother? Why did she have this compelling need to serve him, to be his Slave? The weakness that she felt was growing within her, and she was starting to feel incomplete without him, without knowing that she belonged to him. Rosina longed to feel his hands on her hips, his gorgeously thick cock plunging her depths, but she didn't know why that felt so right? She was excited and terrified at the same time by these thoughts that seemed to call to a dark part of her soul.

"Fuck me, Master! Harder!" Taryn urged over her shoulder as she threw more of her weight behind each thrust.

"Close, so close!" Owen hissed through his teeth as he quickened his pace. "CUUUUUMMMING!!!" Owen shouted as he threw his head back and slammed into Taryn one last time.

Taryn's eyes shot wide open when she felt the first ropes of his cum hit her deepest depths. Bliss emanated from her as she knew that she had brought her Master pleasure. The thought pushed her over the edge and Taryn climaxed as her son continued to cum deep within her. With one last gulp of air and a shout of, "OH MASTER!!" Taryn passed out, collapsing on the bed. Owen breathed deep and quick as he recovered from his intense climax deep within his mother's pussy. He pulled himself out of her and let her lower half collapse so that she was lying flat on the bed. He crawled up beside the woman he had just fucked and pulled her to him. He embraced her and held her to him as she started to stir to life, looking up at him with love and adoration when she did.


"Master, that was wonderful, I love you so much," Taryn said with a teary confession as she looked into Owen's face with a wide smile.

"And I love you too, Slave," Owen replied with an equally sincere confession of love and smiled at Taryn.

The pair of incestuous lovers snuggled down in that bed and held each other. Rosina looked at them and knew that they were serious in their confession of love for each other. They loved each other not as mother and son, but as lovers, as Master and Slave. Rosina longed to be loved and held like that. She envied her mother the tender embrace of her Master at that moment.

Rosina started to cry as the conflicting emotions got the better of her, she desperately wanted something she couldn't accept. Part of Rosina hated her mother and brother for what they were doing, and how they had made her feel. The other part of her wanted to feel what her mother felt, to know exactly what it was like to be a Slave to a Master. Rosina couldn't accept her lust for her brother and knew she would never let herself do anything like she had just witnessed. But the soaked panties and crotch of her jeans were a testament to the fact that she wanted to. Even as she made her way to the side of the house, to the trellis, lewd images of what she had just seen flashed across her mind. Quite frequently in those images, she replaced her mother in those images. She saw herself sucking off Owen, she saw herself getting fucked mercilessly, she saw herself swearing to be his Slave for life, she saw herself holding him tenderly after the fuck was over.

As Rosina's feet hit the ground her tears flooded forth and she slumped down by the ivy to cry. Tears poured forth as she felt nothing but pain over her desires that she couldn't explore. For what seemed like hours she sobbed as she curled up in a ball and fell asleep.

With a start she awoke and looked around at the cold, dark surroundings and for a moment forgot where she was. Looking at her watch she saw to her horror that it was one-twenty-three in the morning; she was so very late! She sprang to her feet and rushed to the front of the house. She grasped her backpack from where she had stored it, unlocked and entered the house.

The house was dark and for a moment she thought she was safe. Rosina started to walk up the stairs quietly, not wanting to wake anyone. When she got almost to the top of the stairs she felt someone's presence and looked up to find her mother standing there with a relieved look on her face. Instantly images of what she had witness crossed Rosina's mind as she looked at her mother.

"Where've you been, the library closed hours ago!" Taryn asked sternly but in a quiet tone of voice.

"Sorry mom, I met some friends and we went for coffee . . . time got away from us . . . you know how it is," Rosina replied quickly, looking only briefly at her mother as she continued to walk up the stairs

"I was so worried, I'm glad you're okay, dear," Taryn said as she hugged her daughter tightly, and sighed her relief.

Rosina was not at all comfortable being this close to her mother after all she had witnessed and experienced. She felt every curve of her mother's body, as she held her mother and flashed back to seeing that body in action. With a shake of her head and a stifled sob she broke the embrace and started toward her bedroom.

"I'm tired mom. Can we talk in the morning?" Rosina said quickly as she walked into her bedroom and closed the door.

Taryn stood there for a moment, looking at her daughter's closed bedroom door. Something was up, something was wrong with her daughter, but what? Perhaps, Rosina would talk to her about it in a few days as she always did. They always talked about what was bothering Rosina, but something told her this time it would be different. Her daughter seemed uncomfortable around her; could she know? Taryn's heart sunk as she pondered the real possibility that anyone, especially her own daughter might know of her special relationship with Owen. What would she do if it were true? How would she get her daughter to understand something she barely understood and accepted herself? Worrying would get her nowhere, and she needed her sleep, for her first day of her job was tomorrow. It was with that comforting thought that she went to bed, curling up to her husband.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 05
bypolyman©

Chapter Five: Richard's Dirty Little Secret

To the outside world, Richard Thompson was the picture of success. Many people envied him; many people wanted his life. He was a partner in one of the larger law firms in town. He had a beautiful wife who was devoted to him, and committed to raising their children, full-time. His two children were earning top marks in university. His son was even following in his footsteps and studying to become a lawyer, with the intention of one-day joining the firm. His house was an older house that had been his parent's home that he had renovated after their untimely death. Yep, to most people, Richard Thompson was the kind of guy that other guys looked up to.

What people didn't see were, the long hours at the office researching cases, and the countless family functions and dinners that he had missed over the years. He felt like a stranger in his own house and didn't know his kids as well as he would have liked. Even his wife felt more like a roommate than a boon companion. He didn't blame anyone but himself for the hollow shell of his family life, he knew that his career success had come at a price of his home-life. There were times when he wondered if it was worth it, if the trade-off had been a good one. What good were money and prestige when the people you worked so hard for, didn't love you as much as they could?

The hollow shell of his life was not the most guarded part of his Richard's life. Anyone who looked closely at his life could guess what his home-life was like. The part of his life that he kept locked away from the world came up suddenly, ten years ago. It was then that his life took an odd turn that he was ashamed of, yet couldn't live without. What Richard would be mortified if anyone ever found out, was that for the past ten years, he had a Mistress. The Mistress that Richard had was not the typical Mistress; she was not a girlfriend he kept on the side. No, the Mistress that Richard had was the kind that he served, the kind that made him grovel, beg, please her, and beat him when he was wrong. Yes Richard Thompson was a Slave to a Dominatrix. He didn't serve her on a permanent basis, but for an evening at a time. They had a regular schedule to their meetings but the occasional time she would call and demand to see him immediately. Every time she called, unless he was in court, he would drop everything and rush to see her.

All that ended two weeks ago, and since it ended he felt lost and confused. He had become so used to their regular get-togethers, along with the degradation and servitude, that he was having trouble going back to the "vanilla lifestyle." Something about the way he was treated by her almost seemed like penance for his monumental success. It was a strange and twisted way of keeping him grounded. He went through the routine of his life these past two weeks but life itself had lost its flavor, he was depressed.

Sex with his wife, Taryn had lost all interest for him because she liked it plain and ordinary, but he had developed a flair for the kinky. Richard needed the extra kick of being dominated and humiliated by a woman to really get off. While part of him wanted to go out and find another Mistress, the risk of being exposed, always kept him from doing so. A small part of him even thought of confiding in Taryn, to see if she would be willing to give him what he needed. The shocked and outraged reaction as well as the hurtful argument that he imagined always kept his mouth shut. Richard knew that this strange limbo couldn't last for long; sooner or later his needs would push him to seek satisfaction somewhere.

As Richard sat in his office at the law firm downtown, his thoughts drifted to his beloved Mistress. He sighed as he valiantly tried to stop his memories from forcing him to think of her. Unwanted and undaunted, the memory rolled up on him with the force and determination of a freight train. Richard closed his eyes, bowed his head and let the memory of how it all started come back to him in graphic detail.

It all started ten years ago in this very office, it was the middle of the day and to Richard she was just another appointment, just another potential client. He glanced over the file and saw that she was being charged with assault and unlawful confinement. It was nothing out of the ordinary, or so he thought, as he closed the file.

"Send her in," Richard said he pressed the button on the intercom.

"Right away, Mr. Thompson," Julie, his secretary replied through the intercom.

The door opened up and in walked a tall woman in a business suit. She had black hair that fell in a dead-straight style, that her Chinese heritage had given her. Her brown eyes were little slits as she eyed up Richard, walking towards him with confidence in her stride. She was quite tall, unusually tall for a Chinese woman, and quite thin and slender. Her arms and legs were quite long and thin, almost appearing to be sticks attached to her torso. While she was an attractive woman, she didn't have an hourglass figure, her profile was fairly straight. Tight, trim and small would be the best way to describe her figure.

"Mr. Thompson, I'm Heather Lee, so good of you to see me," the tall Chinese woman said without the barest hint of an Asian accent as she shook Richard's hand firmly.

"My pleasure, Ms. Lee, have a seat," Richard said as he motioned to the seat in front of his desk.

"Thank you," Heather said curtly as she sat down.

"I've looked over your case and I think we can deal with this before it goes to trial. I have a few questions for you though. For one, how do you know the plaintiff, Mr. Jenkins?" Richard asked in a dispassionate and professional tone of voice.

"He was a client of mine," Heather said curtly.

"Are you in the habit of tying up and beating on your clients?" Richard asked with a raised eyebrow and a light chuckle.

"Yes, and they pay me well to do it," Heather said with a smirk on her face and eyed up Richard for a reaction.

"What?" Richard asked in a confused tone of voice. "People pay you to tie them up and whip them with a . . . riding crop?" Richard said as he momentarily looked at the file on his desk.

"I only deal handle men, and the beatings are just the beginning of what I do. And I never get any complaints from any of my clients," Heather said with a proud smile on her face and a laughing lilt in her voice.

"Well you have now," Richard replied with a slight chuckle.

"That idiot's only problem is that his wife found out about us, so he's just doing this to save his own ass!" Heather said in a voice full of loathing as she sneered at Richard.

"So you were having an affair with Mr. Jenkins?" Richard replied, asking for clarification.

"How can you be the great lawyer everyone says you are if you are this stupid?" Heather snapped with a disbelieving scowl as she shook her head. "I was not his girlfriend, I was his Mistress! He was my Slave and I was his Dominatrix! He would do anything I told him and loved it most when I whipped his bony ass! That is what I do Mr. Thompson, I have a select clientele of men who want to be Dominated, humiliated and made to serve me! I make a lot of money for it, mostly because I'm damn good at it, but also because I am very discrete," Heather said with an angry and commanding tone of voice as she stood up sometime during her speech.

"People . . . men like it when you . . . boss them around?" Richard replied in an absolutely flabbergasted manner, staring up at the aggravated and stern-looking Heather.

"A lot of rich and powerful men need to be put in their place now and again. They love being made to serve a worthy woman, a woman who knows how to treat a man like the worms that they are!" Heather said with a gleeful look in her eye, a growl in her voice and with a commanding presence about her.

For a brief moment neither said anything to each other as Heather and Richard just stared at each other. As they looked at one another they saw in the other's eyes that they were thinking about something. Richard was stunned and flabbergasted, for he had never really confronted anything like this. Sure he had heard about it but he had never had it described so vividly to him. The result left his head spinning and he barely noticed Heather walk over to him with long, smooth, definite strides. She stopped only when the chair touched her legs, she was standing right in front of him, between his legs. She looked down at him with a knowing look on her stern face and nodded to herself.

"I bet you're one of those men." Heather said with a laugh. "I bet you have a stiffie just thinking about what I might do to you, don't you?" Heather asked with a victorious tone in amongst her otherwise gruff manner.

"W. . . W . . . What?" Richard replied in a stammering stutter.

"Your cock is as hard as a rock, isn't it . . . Dickie-boy?" Heather said as she leaned in and towered over Richard who for some reason couldn't speak at the moment. "Thought so," Heather said with a laugh after she reached down and grasped Richard's stiff cock through his pants. "C'mon then, show me what you got!" Heather said as she stepped back a step and looked at Richard's groin expectantly.

"What?" Richard asked in an open-mouthed expression of shock.

"Pull out your cock! I want to see if you have any redeeming qualities, Dickie-boy!" Heather ordered with a stern tone of voice and glared right into Richard's eyes and waited.

"I . . . I won't . . . I c . . . can't!" Richard replied in what was supposed to be an outraged scream but only came out as a whimpering snivel of a protest.

"THAT WASN'T A REQUEST!" Heather screamed as she lunged forward and in a flash had Richard by the throat and squeezed, choking him. "Now, I've been patient with you, Worm, 'cause you're new, but I've lost my patience with you now. I'm going to let go of you in a moment and when I do, you're going to be a good little boy, drop your pants and show me your cock . . . aren't you?" Heather said in a low voice that dripped with rage as she spoke so close to him that their noses touched.

Heather stared at Richard as he sputtered and fought valiantly for air. She looked at him dispassionately as she waited for some sort of affirmation from him that he would comply. Richard's mind was going a mile a minute as he panicked from lack of air. He was now in fear of his life, so meekly he nodded into the woman who held his life in her hands.

"Good." Heather smiled with a self-satisfied smirk on her face as she stood up straight.

Richard inhaled deeply and coughed as fresh air filled his lungs. He looked up at Heather and thought about yelling at her, tossing her out or even calling the police. Such thoughts evaporated quickly as he looked up at her, standing over him with her hands on her hips. She towered over him and wore the expression on her face that she had little patience for the worm in front of her. Before he knew what he was doing, Richard did indeed drop his pants and underwear, as ordered.

"I've seen better, I've seen worse. Average is what I would say about that. Then again that is what I would say about you . . . average." Heather said as she glanced at Richard's hard and throbbing cock. "Average office," she said after giving the room a glance. "Average family," she said after picking up the family photo, glancing at it and tossing it on his desk. "Average life," she said looking Richard right in the eye with a look that pierced his soul.

"Yes," Richard agreed, though he didn't know why he did.

"Let's see if you know how to use that thing, Dickie-boy, give it a tug for me," Heather said confidently as she pointed at Richard's cock.

"Excuse me?" Richard asked with a queer look on his face.

"Give it a tug! Whack-off! Masturbate! Prove to me that a stupid little worm like you at least knows how to use that thing between your legs!" Heather spat with frustrated grunt as she shook her head.

While his mind was shocked and stunned, his hand wasn't, it seemed. For before Richard even realized it, his right hand had grasped his cock and started to stroke the shaft. As if, he was watching someone else do it, Richard looked down in great shock to see that he was indeed jacking-off in front of this strange woman. Heather looked down at him victoriously and laughed to herself as she watched him stroke his own shaft.

"That's enough!" Heather snapped as she grasped a clump of Richard's hair and pulled forward.

With a fearful look on his face, Richard found himself sprawled on the floor in frighteningly short order. He looked over his shoulder and back to the chair, his chair to see Heather now sitting in it like she owned the office. She smiled at him with daring, arrogant smile on her face for a moment, before she spoke up.

"Lose the pants and undies, Dickie-boy!" Heather curtly said, without moving a muscle.

"Yes," Richard replied, though he didn't know why he answered her

Nor did Richard understand why he was pulling his Armani suit pants off along with his silk boxers. In the end he was standing nude from the waist down, other than his socks. He looked in her face for a moment before quickly looking down at the floor, feeling small and scared. Richard didn't know why he felt weak in her presence, but not only did he feel like a worm, he felt excited because of it.

"Get over here and please me, Dickie-boy!" Heather said and Richard looked up at her and knew in instant knew what she wanted.

There she was, seated in his desk chair, with her skirt up around her waist, with no panties on at all. Her ass was scooted forward so that her crotch was at the edge of the seat. She leisurely stroked a finger up and down her slit as she glared at him, expectantly. Richard looked up at Heather's face, then back down at her pussy, and crawled over to her.

For some reason, Richard knew that he needed to taste that pussy. He also had a need to please her, to see her pleased with him, to serve her. Richard never took his eyes off of her pussy as he moved toward it. He licked his lips and then licked her pussy from the bottom to the top, without hesitation.

A satisfied sigh escaped Heather's lips as she leaned back in the chair, while Richard began to eat her pussy. Heather smiled to herself as she knew that he was hers, completely hers. Men were so easy, such simple fools that easily succumbed to her power. She had not met a man yet that once she set her sights on him, she could not dominate. Having a top lawyer under her heel seemed like a smart thing to do. For now though she would enjoy the adequate job he was doing licking her pussy.

Richard was never a man who liked to eat pussy, of his own accord. Once in a while, for special occasions he would eat his wife's pussy, but it was always hurried and not something he enjoyed. He still couldn't understand why he was on his knees in his own office eating a woman he never met before who was seated in his chair! For some inexplicable reason he was under her sway, he willingly did what she wanted, and loved knowing that he served her.

Richard licked from the bottom of her slit to the top, making sure to flick his tongue across her clitoris. As the first taste of her sweet pussy reached his tongue, Richard loved the taste of it. For some reason, this woman was incredibly arousing to him. He wanted to please her, he wanted to know that she was happy with him. He licked that pussy the best way he knew how, bringing up a finger to thrust into her wet pussy. After a moment of Richard's licking of Heather's pussy her hips began to gyrate, a silent way of showing her excitement.

"That's it Dickie-boy, eat your Mistresses pussy! Prove to me that you are worthy to serve me, make me cum and I may give you the privilege of being my Slave!" Heather said in a lusty growl as she started to pet Richard's head as he still ate her out. "You'd like that wouldn't you Dickie-boy?" Heather said with a hateful growl as she grasped a handful of Richard's hair and pulled his face away from her pussy.

"Yes Mistress," Richard said in a needy tone of voice from somewhere deep in his soul.

"Then what are you talking for? EAT ME SLAVE!" Heather said as she pulled on Richard's hair so hard that he was smothered in her pussy.

Richard redoubled his efforts to bring his Mistress to orgasm. He desperately needed to satisfy her, he loved the fact that he served her, even though he had been given little choice in the matter. He was too far along now to wonder what he was doing, he just accepted his place and ate that pussy with all he had, wanting nothing else to feel her come on his tongue, to come all over his face.

"Yesssssss!" Heather hissed as she slammed her legs around Richard's head, holding him in place between her thighs. "Cumming! Swallow it! Don't spill a drop Slave!" Heather moaned out as she thrashed about, snapping this way and that, while her orgasm ripped through her.

Eventually, her orgasm subsided and Heather's legs fell away from Richard's head. Richard continued to lick up all the abundant pussy-juice that abounded the satisfied Mistresses pussy. For a moment she laid there, luxuriating in the oral attentions of her new Slave. Without warning, she brought her right leg up and placed it on his chest, near his shoulder. With a hard push, Richard flew backwards, landing hard on his ass, staring up at his Mistress with a look of hurt and shock on his face.

"Don't move Slave, I want your cock!" Heather said as she stood up and walked over to Richard who was still lying on his back beside his desk.

Without a word she positioned herself over his cock, lined it up and sank down, taking his whole length in her. When she was sitting on him, groin on groin, a satisfied smile on her face as she looked up and off into apace for a moment. When she looked down at Richard she had a sneer on her face.

"Don't you dare cum! This is for me, not you, Slave!" Heather said with a firm tone of voice as she bounced up and almost off of his cock.

At a quick and steady pace Heather bounced up on Richard's cock solely looking for her own release. Richard had to concentrate hard not to loose control and cum deep within her. Every so often Heather would slow down the pace of her bouncing to an excruciatingly slow, grinding fuck. Then she would start to bounce up and down, at a blinding pace. Near the end her whole body started to roll and convulse as her pleasure quickly reached its peak. Suddenly, Heather slammed down on Richard's cock one last time and opened her mouth and eyes wide. No sound came from her though as she deeply gasped for air as her body shook and twitched. With a surprising suddenness, Heather fell forward, catching herself with her outstretched arms.

"Good, Slave, you didn't cum," Heather said with a satisfied smile before standing up. "You can cum in this," she said as she tossed Richard a box of Kleenex that had been on his desk. "Call that idiot and tell him that I'm not going to give him a penny, and that I will make sure we take this to trial where I will get up on the stand and tell everyone in detail what we did together. I even have pictures and videos, that should make him shit a brick," Heather said as she straightened up her clothes before she fished though her purse. "Be here, Friday at five," she said as she tossed Richard a business card that landed beside him.

"Yes Mistress," Richard said as Heather walked out, not looking back once.

That was how it all started for Richard ten years ago and was why he was sitting in his office, feeling especially depressed this Friday. This memory brought a smile to his face as he thought of her and the things they did together. Richard knew that it had been just a professional relationship, he knew that the only reason they got together was because he paid her. That didn't stop him from loving her, not only what she did to him, but the woman herself. That was what made this parting all the much harder, for he not only lost a Mistress, but a great love as well. 

Richard took a long drink on his scotch and sighed heavily. He rubbed his forehead and wiped away the tears in his eyes, for he knew the next memory that would visit him. He knew his thoughts would turn to two weeks ago and how things ended between them. Was there something he could have done differently? Could he have said or done something that might have caused her not to break it off?

Two weeks ago to this night, Richard was at his Mistresses place, as he had been practically every Friday for the past ten years. As he looked back he could almost feel the collar around his neck, the restraints on his wrists and ankles. It was a large, studio space, converted from an old warehouse in a light-industrial part of town. Richard was standing with his feet chained to the floor and his arms chained above his head. He had a large but-plug stuffed up his ass with instructions to not let it slip out, no matter what happened.

His Mistress was standing nearby in thigh-high leather boots with stiletto-heels. She also wore a vest made completely of 1 inch wide leather straps that crisscrossed across her torso. Her leather gloves rose to her wrists and the whole outfit was made of highly polished black leather. In her hands she held her favorite item, her riding crop.

Richard's ass stung and glowed red from the whipping that he had just received. He had taken the beating like a good Slave, thanked her for each hit and made sure that the but-plug didn't slip out of his ass. There was a pause in the whipping and Richard wondered what would happen next, this was part of the excitement, the not knowing, nor having any control over it. Whatever would happen, would happen and he would have to take it.

He could hear some rustling in some drawers behind him and knew that his Mistress was getting something out. At least he knew that the activity would change, but from the sounds he couldn't guess what it was. He didn't look behind him for he knew that he had to keep looking straight, to look anywhere but straight ahead was forbidden. The winch that was attached to the chains that bound his wrists sprang to life and the chains lowered towards him.

"Get on your, hands and knees, Slave," Mistress ordered him curtly.

"Yes, Mistress," Richard replied obediently and did as he was told.

Richard waited on his hands and knees on the cold concrete floor, not knowing what would happen next. He heard footsteps approach him from behind and could feel her presence, his Mistress was near and he smiled to himself, knowing that. With an audible pop and shocking suddenness, his ass felt cavernous without the large plug in his ass. It was now that Richard had an idea of what was going to happen and mentally prepared himself for the invasion. When he felt something pushing at rear entrance he knew without a doubt and momentarily tensed up.

"Relax, Slave or this will hurt much more," Mistress said as she aimed the lubed up strap-on dildo at Richard's ass.

Pausing only for a moment Mistress then leaned forward and pushed the plastic dick into her Slave's ass. With steady pressure she kept pushing forward until the whole thing was inside Richard's ass. Back she withdrew until just the head was inside his ass before she thrust forward, shoving the whole thing back in. She set up a quick and steady pace, not considering at all that Richard may need a moment to adjust to the size of the new anal invader.

Richard bit his lip as a tear rolled down his cheek, his ass was on fire, but he dared not shout out. He silently took the pain and quietly reveled in the knowledge that his Mistress, a woman, was fucking his ass with a strap-on dildo. The bizarre and taboo thought always heightened the pleasure for him, and strangely enough he got off on this.

At a quick and steady pace Mistress fucked Richard's ass, smiling to herself at her complete dominance of him. To Heather, this was the ultimate sign of her dominance over a man, for him to let her fuck his ass. This was the way she showed both of them that he was her bitch! She got a sexual charge out of doing the act and even more of a sexual hit when the men started to enjoy it. After a few minutes of this anal fucking, she knew that Richard was about to cum. After ten years of being his Mistress, she knew when Richard was about to cum. With a stifled grunt and a twitch, his cock started to spurt and Richard came all over the floor as she still fucked his ass. She continued to fuck his ass until his excitement had cause his cock to regain its hardness once more. She pulled out of him as suddenly as she had entered him, and left his ass looking cavernous, as it started to close up. Quickly removing the strap-on pleasure device she returned to Richard who was still on his hands and knees, still saying nothing.

"Lie on your back," Mistress said as she approached him swiftly.

Richard scurried to get into position and made it just in time as Mistress stepped over him. She kneeled overtop of him, and lowered herself on his cock, making sure not to smile as she did so. He knew that she liked his cock, he could tell, even if she didn't show it outwardly, he knew she needed his cock. With swift and definite strokes she raised and lowered herself on his cock. Richard's ass was on fire from both the beating and the ass-fucking. This let Richard last much longer than usual because it detracted from the pleasure of his Mistress using his cock. The pain had a mixture of pleasure in it for him as she bounced steadily on his cock. Her bouncing turned especially hard and harried near the end as her excitement got the better of her. Richard was fast approaching orgasm and didn't want to be a bad Slave and cum inside her.

"Gonna cum, sorry Mistress," Richard said with gritted teeth as he fought hard against the impending climax.

"Do it, Slave! Cum in me!" Mistress ordered as she looked down at Richard in a deadly serious manner.

The shock and wondrous gift of being allowed to cum in her pussy for the first time eve, pushed Richard over the edge and he came hard, fast and long inside the innermost depths of Mistresses pussy. From the first time feeling his hot cum shoot deeply inside her Mistress came quickly and in the most intense climax she had had in years. Heather moaned out a mournful scream as she came, remaining motionless on his cock for a moment.

Slowly she opened her eyes and looked down at him. For the first time there was a hint of love in them before that look turned to sadness then her eyes drained of all emotion. She let out a heavy sigh and got off of him, then without saying a word she removed Richard's restraints and then his collar.

"Get out, we're done, Mr. Thompson," Mistress said in a casual manner as she reached for a bathrobe and put it on.

"Mistress, I don't understand. What's going on?" Richard asked with a most troubled tone of voice.

The only time she had ever called him Mr. Thompson was when she first met him. After that it had always been: "Worm", "Slave" or "Dickie-boy." This was completely out of character, as well there time was not yet finished, usually they went for at least an hour more.

"I said we're done, now get out Mr. Thompson. Don't let me catch you around here again or I will call the police and then your wife . . . in that order." Mistress said to him in a calm but definite tone of voice as she lit a cigarette and began to smoke it.

"B . . . but Mistress? I don't understand." Richard implored in a hurt tone of voice as tears welled up in his eyes.

"You really are an idiot aren't you, Dickie-boy?" Mistress said with a disgusted scoff. "Do you know what today is? Today marks ten years to the day that you have been coming to me. Most men, by now, find some way to get what they need from the wife. You keep crawling back here like some dog who doesn't know what else to do," she said with a scoff as she picked up Richard's clothes and tossed them at his feet.

"But, I've been a good Slave! I love you, Mistress, let me stay. I need you," Richard said with all the love that he felt for her and looked deeply into her eyes.

"GET OUT!" Mistress screamed as she rushed toward him and slapped him hard across the face. "The only reason you were ever here is because you paid me for the pleasure of being my Slave!" she growled into his face with hatred, a tear running down her cheek as she did so.

"But Mistress?" Richard said with shock and confusion.

"You bore me, you pathetic little man, get out," Mistress said and walked away from him, facing away from him, smoking her cigarette.

Nothing else was said as Richard got dressed and left for the last time. That was it, after ten years of pleasing and serving her, it was over. It was over as suddenly as it had started, and the loss was something Richard was still dealing with. The two weeks since it happened had been hard to bear for him as he searched his mind for what he should do next. Since it was over there was little need to tell Taryn, but he still needed the dominance of a Mistress. He was lost and confused, not knowing which way to turn, what the right course of action was. It was with a heavy sigh that Richard drank the last of his scotch, before leaving his office to go home. He had no more answers than when he started brooding in his office, hours ago.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 06
bypolyman©

Chapter Six: Happy Birthday Owen

Owen was having one incredible dream that Saturday morning, a dream so vivid he could swear it was actually happening. He was dreaming that he was fucking Lisa, a tease of a hot chick who sat in one of his classes. The greatest part of the fuck was the victory, the fact that he had worn her down until she had given in to him. They were at school and in a janitor's closet and Lisa was bent over, bracing herself against the wall. Owen was standing behind the large-breasted blonde with a firm grasp on her hips.

"For a tease you sure do have a tight little pussy, Tease," Owen said with a sneer as he slammed extra hard into his dream-slut.

"That's 'cause I never put out," Lisa replied, her voice raspy as she tried to talk, while moaning in pleasure.

"But you like my cock don't you, Tease," Owen laughed a conceited laugh as he continued to fuck Lisa in his dream.

"If I knew you were this good, baby, I would have jumped you the first day in class!" Lisa squeaked out in a needy whine as she hung her head. "God, I love your cock, Baby. Harder, fuck me harder!" Lisa replied with a stern tone of lust through gritted teeth.

At that moment something about the sensations changed suddenly, and no longer made sense. Owen couldn't feel the wet and warm sensation of being "balls deep" in Lisa's tight, wet pussy anymore. Instead, it was replaced with the sensation of cool air now surrounding his cock. Nothing but a wet, slick sensation ran down his cock from the shaft to his balls. Then one ball entered something warm, and gently there was pressure on in. This odd sensation didn't match with the ravaging of Lisa, so suddenly Lisa popped and vanished into a cloud of smoke. Then the walls of the janitor's closet started to melt and Owen knew that he was waking up, much to his frustration.

The wet and wonderful sensations on his cock didn't fade when he woke up, as Owen had anticipated. Instead they got more intense, until he could clearly feel something slick on his cock. It was a faintly familiar sensation, and it was a most welcome experience. With a fogy mind, Owen looked down to see just what was going on.

Owen let out a chuckle as he smiled to himself, he should have known. There, lying across the bed with her head between Owen's legs was his mother, Taryn. His faithful Slave of a mother was sucking on his cock and had a contented look on her face as she did so. More specifically she was sucking on his right testicle as her hand slowly jacked off the shaft. She was fast becoming skilled at pleasing him like this; as he looked at her he was filled with love.

As his mother slowly, yet expertly gave him a blowjob, nowhere in his mind did this strike him as strange or odd. It had been only half a week since this had all started between the two of them, only since Wednesday of this week when anything remotely sexual began. Already they seemed to fit together and welcomed their respective roles as Master and Slave. It was on his birthday that his mother took him out for a birthday drink. It was during that evening, and for reasons that he still couldn't explain, he took control of her and made her his Slave. Rather than be repulsed and never speak to him again, she submitted willingly and quickly grew to love being her son's Slave.

"Good morning, sleepyhead. Who's Lisa?" Taryn said as she let Owen's ball fall out of her mouth.

"A tease at school I know," Owen replied with a wide smile.

"I'm not sure if I should be upset or not, you dreaming of some other woman, while I blow you," Taryn said just before she began to lick her way up Owen's shaft.

"She isn't here, and probably never will be. You are, Slave, now suck your Master's cock!" Owen ordered with a broad, loving smile on his face.

"Yes, Master!" Taryn replied with an excited giggle and a sparkle in her eye.

Taryn then returned to her efforts of sucking Owen's cock, she placed her lips on the tip of the cock she loved and lowered her head. She closed her eyes as more and more of the thick cock that had brought her so much pleasure disappeared into her mouth. Without pausing, she relaxed her throat, as was almost second nature to her now. Slowly the cock slipped down her throat until the entire length of it had passed her lips. Slowly she lifted her head until her lips kissed the head, before she pressed back down. Taryn kept up this tortuously slow pace of the blowjob for a little while.

It was a way to tease Owen as well as draw out the act that she had grown to love; she loved to suck his cock. Of course she loved to fuck it too. She loved to do anything with him, to him or for him. It had only been half a week but the sex was far more intense than any sex with Richard had been, even when they were first married. Though, Taryn will admit that sex with Richard, early in their marriage, ran a close second to this time with Owen. It was the illicit and taboo sex of being a Slave to her son that gave it that extra kick.

Owen had had enough of the teasing pace it seemed as now he grasped the sides of Taryn's head and began to set the pace. Taryn growled in lust as Owen took control, she loved that, she loved it when he fucked her mouth. She loved being used for his pleasure, it always heightened the experience for her, and she knew Owen loved it as well.

"Suck it hard, Slave," Owen sneered with a scowl of disgust. "Let me show you the real way to suck my cock!" he growled with lust as he continued to guide Taryn's head up and down on his cock.

Owen set a quick and rough pace to the blowjob as he lifted and lowered his mother's head on his cock. At a fast pace, her lips flew up and down his shaft, her mouth constantly sucking hard on his cock. Taryn's excitement was growing almost as quickly as Owen's was, and strangely enough this act was bringing her close to cumming. Owen was possessed with lust as he repeatedly forced his cock down his Slave's throat. Always on his mind was that this person sucking his cock was his possession, to do with as he pleased. This was only a sampling, an example of what he could do to this woman, anytime he wanted, anywhere he wanted.

"Cuming!" Owen groaned in a deep-throaty growl as he pulled hard on Taryn's head, forcing his cock down her throat. "Swallow it all! Don't you dare spill a drop, or else!" he ordered as he let go of her head and surrendered himself to the blissful climax.

Taryn sucked hard and swallowed repeatedly but quickly had to pull the cock out of her throat. She let the cock stay in her mouth but used her nostrils to fight for air as her own climax hit her. The sensation of her Master forcing himself down her throat and using her mouth for his pleasure, at his pace, sent her over the edge. She let the cum collect in her mouth and swallowed as often as she could. Somehow she fought to get both the air into her lungs and the cum into her stomach, both needing the same passageway.

A wicked thought crossed through Taryn's brain as the last of Owen's cum spurted into her mouth. If she let just a little cum slip out of her mouth, perhaps she would get a spanking. The last time he spanked her was an incredible rush for her, and she longed to feel that wicked joy again. So as she pulled her mouth off of his now spent cock, she let just a little cum drop out of her mouth and onto his balls.

"Did you like that, Master?" Taryn asked in an innocent tone of voice, with big eyes to further convey the innocent image.

"That was great, Slave." Owen said as he stroked Taryn's head, petting her like you would a dog that had been a good puppy.

Something out of the corner of his eye caught Owen's attention and he glanced down to his balls. There on his left nut, were a few drops of cum, he looked up at Taryn with fire in his eyes. His hand that had been stroking her head now grasped a clump of her hair on the back of her head.

"WHAT DID I TELL YOU? I told you not to spill a drop! What is this?" Owen seethed with anger as he brought Taryn's head down to his balls. "Lick it up!" he snapped and immediately Taryn did so, fear and excitement coursing through her.

When she was done he pulled on her hair to pull her away from his body. Without letting go of the back of Taryn's head Owen swung his legs finally out of bed. Then with a tug he directed Taryn until she was across his lap, perfect for a spanking. He then let go of her hair and fully expected her to stay there. Taryn made sure not to squeal her joy or excitement at the prospect of being spanked again.

"You've been very naughty, Slave! You need to be punished!" Owen said with a disgusted snarl in his voice.

Owen then roughly and quickly removed Taryn's bathrobe so that she was now nude across his nude lap. Without warning he brought his hand swiftly and smarty across her ass; the sound of the spank bouncing off the walls. Again Owen spanked her ass with merciless force, again the sound of the slap was the only sound heard. After the third spank had gone unanswered, Owen spoke up.

"Listen, Bitch, you know full well that if you don't count them off, they don't count!" Owen growled as he once again spanked Taryn's ass.

"Sorry, Master," Taryn moaned out pitifully, though she knew full well what she was supposed to do, she was just drawing out the delicious punishment. "One, thank you, Master," Taryn said with a satisfied mew tainting her voice.

The spanking and the thanking continued for a short while yet, until both Taryn's ass was red and sore, and Owen was satisfied. With a shove, he pushed Taryn off of his lap and onto the floor, roughly. She landed with a thud from the unexpected expulsion from his lap. She gathered herself together and stood up slowly, smiling at him as she did so. She leaned over and kissed her Master, her large breasts hanging lewdly down from her body like lusty pendulums. Owen reached up and softly caressed Tarn's tempting tits as they kissed.

"I should go and make breakfast, dear," Taryn said with a loving smile as she stroked her son's cheek after the kiss was over. "I just wanted to give you a special wake up," she said as she smiled lovingly into his eyes with an unmistakable look of adoration.

Taryn bend down to pick up her robe from the floor, where Owen had tossed it. Owen reached up and caressed Taryn's ass in one large, round stroke. Taryn playfully swatted his hand away as she stood back up with robe in hand. She shot Owen a slight glare as a warning for him to behave himself. In response Owen looked back at her with a raised eyebrow and a daring look on his face.

"Where do you think you're going?" Owen said as he stood up and approached Taryn from behind.

"I have to get out of here before anyone catches us!" Taryn said sternly, but the corners of her mouth were turned up in the beginnings of a smirk. "I have to make breakfast, dear," Taryn said as she leaned forward to give Owen a kiss goodbye

"Not yet you don't," Owen said as he grabbed Tarn and directed her to the bed.

With smooth motion that he carried out with confidence, Owen moved Taryn to the bed and on it so that she was on her hands and knees across it. She was across the short end of the bed, with her head inches away from the wall. Only after she was in this position did she snap back to her senses and realized what was going on. She glanced back over her shoulders to see Owen lining himself up to mount her.

"We can't! Richard and your sister are home!" Taryn hissed as she tried to get off the bed, and away from Owen.

"Then keep quiet!" Owen snapped as he moved forward to stick his dick into Taryn's pussy.

The trouble was that at the moment he moved forward, was the very moment that Taryn moved to get off the bed. Owen missed her pussy altogether, instead hitting the back of her left thigh. Quickly he pulled back, though the pain was only minor and momentary. Sharply he brought his hand down across Taryn's ass, as he grasped a clump of Taryn's long red hair.

"STAY STILL!" Owen barked angrily as he tugged on the red hair of his mother.

"OW! Sweetie we have to go! We don't have time for this now!" Taryn urged but remained motionless nonetheless, for Owen still had her by the hair and the hip.

"No, we'll do it now, Slave!" Owen said as he lined up his cock to her pussy and slid it in, while still keeping a firm hold on Taryn's hair.

"Please, Master, I don't want to get caught!" Taryn moaned softly as Owen slid his thick cock into her wet pussy.

"Then keep quiet, Slave," Owen said as he leaned forward to whisper in her ear after he was fully imbedded into her pussy.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied in a softer, subservient tone of voice.

"You only have yourself to blame for this, you know," Owen said with a chuckle as he quickly withdrew his cock and began the swift pace of fucking that they both loved.

"Why's that, Master?" Taryn asked with a husky tone of voice. The pleasure of the savage fucking, coupled by the tugging on her hair, excited her to no end.

Owen had on hand on the small of Taryn's back and the other had a firm hold on Taryn's hair like it was a rope. He would direct Taryn's thrusts back toward him with a slow, steady tug on the hair, or rather Taryn's rein. Taryn's protest to this fuck now forgotten due to the sheer heat of the moment, and the overpowering will of Owen. With each passing encounter, Taryn submitted sooner and easier to the man she loved to serve.

"You are one sexy bitch! When you bent over, I had to have you! Damn you have one hot body!" Owen said in between huffing breaths as he continued to pound Taryn's pussy mercilessly.

Taryn laughed as best as she could with her gasping for breath due to the heated fuck. They had fallen into a rhythm and the tugging on Taryn's hair was purely for show and to keep time, Taryn knew when to thrust back at Owen. Taryn laughed for a bit and then looked over her shoulder at the puzzled face of her son and knew she had to speak up.

"It has been years since anyone has called me a 'sexy bitch' and I can't remember the last time Richard has 'simply had to have me.' I love him but I swear he's lost all interest in sex," Taryn said with a plain tone of voice, her breath broken up with heaving breaths.

"Well, the limp-dick, doesn't matter anymore, does he?" Owen asked with an arrogant tone of voice as he quickened the pace of the fuck even more.

"No, honey, he doesn't. I don't need him for sex anymore. His dick can shrivel up and fall off for all I care. I don't care if he ever touches me again. I have all the man I need right here," Taryn said with a sincere and loving tone of voice as she looked at her son, her lover, her Master.

"Damn straight!" Owen said as he pulled wildly on Taryn's hair and savagely fucked Taryn with all the force of a wild animal.

Taryn couldn't help herself, she let out a low animal growl as her lust boiled within her. She was blinded by lust as her son fucked the shit out of her, and she loved it. Taryn was the first to cum but in reality they came at the same time. Taryn came and moaned out an unmistakable sexually satisfied moan that she couldn't hold in. Owen slammed into her one last time, hard and came deep within his mother's womb. Then he collapsed on top of her and the pair rested, catching their breath, holding each other as they did so. Owen was still deep within his mother, his cock softening and withdrawing from her pussy.

"Now I really do have to go and get breakfast started," Taryn said as she nudged Owen in the ribs, to get him to move.

"Damn straight, woman, I'm hungry, what's the matter with you?" Owen said in a snippy tone that was purely for show, the broad smile on his face was a testament to this.

"Someone, held me up because he couldn't control his hormones!" Taryn laughed back as she smacked Owen while she crawled from underneath him.

"Are you complaining?" Owen asked with a cheeky, yet arrogant tone.

"No, but if you keep this up, the whole bloody world will find out about us!" Taryn scolded as she put her robe on, briskly.

"Yeah," Owen admitted, sheepishly, looking down, embarrassed for a moment.

"If anyone does find out about us, it will be you who will have to explain our unique relationship, got it?" Taryn said in a motherly tone, wearing a demanding look, which only a mother could master.

"Yeah, sure," Owen said in an uncomfortable tone of voice.

"I love you, sweetheart, and I love what we do together, I just don't want to have to explain this to anyone! Already I'm sure your sister suspects something," Taryn said with a most troubled tone of voice, a tear forming in the corner of her eye.

"It'll be alright, mom, I'll be more careful, no one will ever find out," Owen said in an assuring manner as he embraced Taryn tenderly, Taryn winced when the last word was mentioned.

"From now on, when were alone, let's refrain from calling each other 'mother' and 'son.' Seems out of place, given our new relationship and all, Owen," Taryn said with a slightly uncomfortable look on her face.

"Sure, Taryn," Owen said and the name felt strange, leaving his mouth. "Don't worry about Rosie. Who would possibly imagine you and I hooking up?" Owen said as he kissed Taryn on the lips and smiled confidently at her.

"Okay, I hope you're right," Taryn replied as she flashed Owen a brave smile, kissed him one last time and then departed the room.

* * * *

Rosina's dream that Saturday morning was not something that she could avoid. It was the same dream that she had dreamt the night before as well. The dream excited and scared her, it was a dream of what she wanted, and a dream of what she couldn't accept. The dream didn't only plague her during her night's rest, but during her waking hours as well. The strain of the struggle between wanting something, yet knowing with every fiber of her being that it is wrong, wore on Rosina's sanity. The relentless struggle within Rosina was beginning to drive her mad; something would have to give soon: her desire, her will, or her sanity.

The dream was the same whether it came at her by night or by day. It was a replaying of what she saw Thursday night, yet in her dream, the evening came out quite different. It started with Rosina perched outside Owen's window, like she had been, watching her brother and her mother have wild sex. Her brother and mother had just finished having sex, her mother had just cum so hard that she had had passed out. Rosina watched as Owen's slick cock slipped out of his mother's wet pussy. Taryn's lower section collapsed so that now she was flat on her stomach, out like a light.

Owen looked up suddenly and out the window, something outside caught his eye. Instead of cuddling up with his mother like he actually done, in the dream he rushed to the window and opened it wide. Before Rosina could think of moving she was staring her nude brother in the face with a shocked, slack-jawed expression.

"I thought I saw something out here," Owen said with a disgusted scoff before he reached up and grasped Rosina by the back of her head.

With a shocked sputter of protest, Rosina was pulled inside the room and tossed to the floor by the bed. She looked up in horror as her nude brother closed the window and turned to face her. The expression on his face was one of anger and cool determination.

"You saw a little too much out there I think, I can't let you leave, knowing what you know. You might talk, and that I can't have," Owen said with a determined growl in his voice as he looked down at Rosina.

Owen's firm expression bored into her soul and drained her of her will to resist. She felt weak from being near him and weaker still as a result of his stare. She kneeled before him, bowed her head, folded her hands in her lap and waited to be addressed. She didn't know why she did it, it just felt right. It felt like what she was supposed to do, to show her obedience to him, that she wanted to be good. 

"You want a little taste of what you saw . . . don't you?" Owen asked Rosina with a knowing smile on his face as he nodded to himself.

"Yes, sir," Rosina meekly replied, not looking up at him still.

"The by all means, have your taste," Owen said in a cock-sure manner.

Rosina looked up at him, not sure what he meant but found his gaze obviously looking down at his cock. When her eyes fell on the slick, fat cock before her, her eyes widened. She knew that his cock was slick from not only his cum but her mother's juices as well. If she sucked his cock now it would be like tasting them both, like sucking him off and eating her mothers pussy at the same time.

"Okay then," Owen said as he turned away from Rosina and toward the bed.

Rosina's eyes watered instantly as she saw her opportunity to suck him off evaporating. She lunged forward and pushed his hip so that his pelvis turned toward her. That cock swung back into view and was before her in no time. She licked her lips and with great anticipation she lifted the cock with her right hand, and brought it to her lips. She opened her mouth wide and closed her lips around it, sucking hard as it slipped past her lips. Since it was a dream she was able to take his thick cock down her throat without any effort. She found the combined taste much to her liking and the knowledge that she was tasting her mother and her brother fueled her fire. Rosina sucked hard and fast, bobbing her head up and down faster than she had seen her mother doing. She was rewarded soon enough with a blast of cum down her throat and swallowed the whole load, relishing in the tasty, illicit seed.

"You did well, but I know what you really want. Ask me, sis, I dare you," Owen laughed a taunting and slightly evil laugh as he looked down at her, expectantly.

"I . . . I want to serve you M . . . Master," Rosina said in a whispering reply that was barely audible, her eyes fixed on the floor between her knees.

"You want to be my Slave?" Owen said with a sarcastic tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Rosina replied in a slightly more confident tone of voice.

"You really want to be your brother's Slave . . . for life?" Owen asked with a challenging tone of voice as he looked down at his sister's bowed head.

"More than anything, Master!" Rosina said in a pitiful and whiney tone of voice as she looked up at Owen with the most desperate expression imaginable.

"Do you surrender yourself, your will, and your body to me?" Owen asked with a serious tone of voice as he looked down at Rosina with a demanding tone of voice.

"Oh YES, Master!" Rosina gushed with worshipful reverence to her new Master.

"Then I claim you as my new Slave!" Owen said with a confident tone of voice. "Get the fuck out of those clothes, Slave!" he commanded as he sat down on the edge of the bed, next to the sleeping Taryn.

"Right away, Master!" Rosina said with joy as she pulled and tugged at her clothes in a rushed effort to get them off.

Rosina felt complete, now that she had a Master, her life was now worth something. As long as she belonged to him, served him, she was okay. She needed to know that he was happy with her, to have him unhappy with him even for the slightest thing was an unbearable thought. Her hands shook with excitement as she was to reveal her body, her Master's body rather, to her new Master.

"You have been hiding a tight, hot little body there, Slave," Owen said with an impressed tone of voice as he nodded his approval. "Get over here and fuck me," he said casually.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said and walked toward her, Master.

Without another word said, she straddled him and lined up his cock to her pussy. She was facing away from him, it was an awkward position to fuck, but she would do so because her Master ordered her to. When she felt the thick cock of her Master slitting her slit, she strained to memorize each sensation of this entry. She felt him slide deeper and deeper within her until she was sitting on his lap. He was fully inside her, or rather he was as deep as the awkward position would allow. She steadily bounced on his cock and soon she felt his hands on her hips, guiding her bouncing efforts, to regulate and set a pace of their fucking. Soon her breath became raspy and strained as she gasped for air. The intense pleasure that the thick cock gave her was overwhelming, further enhanced by the fact that she was being fucked by the man who owned her.

The fuck continued for a blissful few moments yet, the inevitable came soon enough. Owen was the first to cum and he pulled Rosina down until he was fully inside her. When she felt her brother, her lover, her Master cum inside her, she came and came hard. It was at that point, as she screamed out in orgasmic ecstasy that the dream ended.

Rosina awoke with a start that Saturday morning and looked around the room, something had stirred her from her sleep but she didn't know what. She was relieved to be awake and away from that disturbing dream, a dream that always left her pussy soaked. This morning was no exception, as her panties, nightshirt and sheets were soaked with her pussy juices. She sighed her relief from being away from that terrible dream, a dream that always filled her with dread, guilt and fear when it was over.

The worst part of the dream was that always took the same course. In the dream she surrendered and succumbed to her innermost desires, in her dreams she became Owen's Slave. In that damn dream she asked Owen to be her Master, she actually asked for it! The euphoric feelings of being complete, knowing that her brother owned her was what wore on her mind the most. The dream had run through her mind so many times that she was starting to have trouble figuring out what really happened and what was the dream.

A sharp sound that came from next door startled Rosina and she looked at the wall where the sound came from. She tried to identify the sound but couldn't, and shook her head to dismiss it. When the sound came again, she understood way too much. The sound was the sound of a hand spanking a bare ass, she had heard that sound before. From the direction that the sound came from Rosina knew that at that very moment her mother was in her brother's room being spanked.

As if she had X-ray vision, Rosina's mind painted a picture of exactly what was going on. In her mind's eye Owen was sitting on the bed, with their mother across his lap and the image synchronized with the spanking sound that steadily came from the room. Rosina let out a lustful groan that doubled as a frustrated growl as she sobbed a few tears.

Rosina's pussy didn't care that it was wrong, sick, twisted, and bizarre what was going on next door, it just knew the scene was hot! Her pussy throbbed and ached for relief as the lewd image of the spanking played, larger than life, across her mind. Rosina laid back, thrust a hand down to her pussy, and played with herself.

In her mind's eye, Rosina substituted herself for Owen, as a way to placate her shattered psyche. Rosina focused all of her frustration on her mother, and made her the one who started all of this. Now the one who was responsible for her current predicament was across her lap and she was going to punish her. Rosina smiled a wicked smile as in her mind she spanked her mother hard as she told her how horrible a mother she had been. Rosina's mother begged for mercy and swore she would never touch her son again if the spanking would stop. The Rosina in her mind laughed menially and continued the punishment unabated. After a bit, though, the spanking did stop so the image in Rosina's mind vanished quickly.

Rosina hoped for a brief moment that the amorous activities in her brother's room was over. She sighed her relief and was about to get out of bed when she heard a struggle next door. Exact words were hard to make out but she got the idea that Owen wanted their mother do to something and she didn't.

A deep moan came through the wall near the foot of Rosina's bed. Despite her better judgment Rosina laid her head down on that end of the bed, so she could hear the scene better. A thump came from the wall and Rosina actually felt the vibration shake the bed, ever so slightly. Again the thump shook her and she knew that Owen was fucking their mother right next door, at that instant! Repeatedly and steadily the thumping came and the fertile imagination of Rosina painted the picture of what they were doing, in living colour.

For a fleeting moment Rosina thought of crawling out the window to watch them from the outside. She dismissed this as improper and immoral. The moral part of her mind suggested that she burst into the room and stop them. Although, her greatest fear was that when she did open that door and saw them going at it a few feet away from her, that her will would weaken. She was afraid that if she ever saw them having sex in the same room as her that she wouldn't stop them, she would join them. That last thought lingered in her mind too long for Rosina's comfort.

Rosina moaned out a pitiful moan of frustration as she resumed her masturbation efforts. The image in her shattered mind was too much for her, it was too hot to resist, she had to cum with them. The moans, mews, and coos of approval and pleasure that came through the wall fueled Rosina's imagination and lust. Thanks to the vivid dreams she could almost feel what it would be like to be her mother at that moment. Her fingers flew within her pussy and she was focused on nothing but her release. In her mind she saw her brother fucking their mother and their mother loving it. Rosina's passion and excitement reached its peak, and when she heard her mother cry out in orgasm, Rosina's eyes shot open.

That was the final straw, that was the final push she needed to make her cum. With the image of the son cumming deep within his mother, Rosina shook and came. She bit her hand to keep from shouting out her blissful, yet tortured orgasm. Even as she shook and thrashed about in the much needed release, her guilt came upon her like a wave.

Rosina was mortified for what she had done, she had gotten off to the images of her brother fucking their mother. Rosina knew that none of this was right. It was not right for them to be doing what they were doing. It was certainly not right for her to be excited by it, or even think of participating in it!

As the guilt washed over her, the tears poured out of her so Rosina curled up in a ball and cried. The conflicting emotions to the same scene wore on her, she couldn't keep this up for long; Rosina knew that. Now that she knew what they were doing, she couldn't ignore it. Somehow she would have to get them to stop, but she would do it in a discrete way. Dad didn't have to know, that would only serve to split up the family and no good would come of it. No, Rosina would talk to them, talk to her mother and find a way to get them to stop, that was the best thing for everyone.

For the rest of the day, Rosina kept her distance and sequestered herself in her room. She told everyone that she needed the quiet to study, but the truth was she couldn't face anyone. She couldn't look at either her brother or mother without the images of wild sex flashing across her mind, or her eyes wandering over their bodies. Both of which scared and confused Rosina, so the best course was to stay away from them. Studying went poorly, but while she may not have retained much information, it served as a good distraction.

That evening was the "official" birthday outing for Owen, even though his birthday was this past Wednesday. It was an odd tradition that the family had, as the closest weekend to the actual birthday, the family would go out to dinner. It was a dinner just for the four of them to a nice restaurant, the same restaurant as a matter of fact. They never stayed out that late, so the need to hold the celebration on the weekend no longer made sense. The real reason for the weekend celebration was when Owen and Rosina were younger. The birthday parties with all their friends would have to be on a Saturday so everyone could attend. As the years went on, it changed to a simple dinner with the family but the day never did. So now at all special occasions, the family went out. It was one of the few things the family did together.

The dinner was a tasteful affair with plenty of superficial conversation all around. Everyone was careful about the face they showed the rest of the family. Richard didn't want to appear depressed or disappointed over the loss of his beloved Mistress, though he was still dealing with the loss. Owen and Taryn tried to act as mother and son, not lovers, Rosina tried to behave as if nothing was bothering her, that she wasn't disgusted and excited over what her brother and mother were doing. For the most part everyone was successful, though there was one perceptive person in the group: Taryn.

Taryn kept an eye on Rosina, trying to figure out if her daughter knew about her and Owen. While she couldn't determine that, she could tell that something profound was bothering her daughter. As a mother this concerned her greatly, and she wanted to comfort her child. What if the matter that troubled her child was in fact her relationship with Owen? That thought always chilled Taryn and kept her from pressing Rosina about her troubles. When Taryn saw Rosina look at Owen with a pained look on her face that she tried to hide, Taryn knew she had to risk it.

As luck would have it, Rosina excused herself to visit the ladies room a little further in the evening. Taryn knew that this was her chance to talk to her daughter about her daughter's troubles. Taryn excused herself as well and followed Rosina to the ladies room. Rosina wasn't at all comfortable with the thought of being alone with her mother. She was afraid that she might forget herself and berate her mother for what she had witnessed. Even thought the thought was tempting, Rosina couldn't bring herself to do that to her mother, especially in public.

After the pair had finished using the facilities and were washing their hands, Taryn turned to Rosina. With a breath of courage Taryn decided to press Rosina about her troubles. Taryn put her hand on Rosina's shoulder and waited until their eyes met before she spoke.

"What is it, honey?" Taryn asked in a compassionate tone of voice with a tentative look in her eye.

"Wh . . . what do you mean, mom?" Rosina replied with a troubled tone of voice and a furrowed brow.

"Something's bothering you, I can tell," Taryn said as she tugged on her daughter's shoulder causing Rosina to face Taryn.

"Don't worry about it, mom," Rosina said in a subdued tone as she fought hard, not to cry.

"You can tell me anything, you know . . . anything," Taryn said with a piercing look that Rosina couldn't look away from. "Even if it is about me," she added with a pained look of her own before she looked down in shame.

Rosina's mind froze, could she know? How could her mother know that she knew? Did her mother actually see her Thursday night outside the window? Was it simply the fact that Rosina wasn't as good at hiding her pain from her mother as well as she thought? Rosina looked at her mother, who was looking at the floor, and sighed with compassion. Her mother knew something was up, and Rosina needed to talk about it, but now was not the time or place. Perhaps later tonight, or even perhaps tomorrow she could talk to her mother in private. Not now, not here, not in a restaurant bathroom during her brothers birthday outing.

"Don't worry, Mom," Rosina said as she lifted her mother's chin so that their eyes met.

"Are you sure? I know something's wrong and I want to talk about it," Taryn implored as she looked intently into Rosina's eyes.

Rosina was about to say not to worry about it but the intently pleading look in her mother's eyes tugged at her heartstrings. Rosina's resistance weakened as she looked into her mother's wet eyes. Rosina opened her mouth to confess everything to her mother, but caught the words before they left her mouth.

"I said don't worry about it!" snapped Rosina as she turned and ran out of the bathroom, fighting the tears as she went.

Rosina was in such a hurry to get away from her mother that she didn't look where she was going. Pure chance and dumb luck caused her to run right into Owen's chest. Talk about going from the frying pan and into the fire! Rosina had just run away from her mother only to find herself in her brother's arms. His powerful presence already started to work its magic on her and she felt herself weaken, just being held by him in those initial few seconds.

"Watch where you're going, sis," Owen laughed as his arms encircled his sister.

"Sorry, bro," Rosina chuckled nervously as she tried to laugh off dismissively. She looked up at him to give him a smart-aleck comment, but words failed her when she looked into his eyes.

"What's wrong?" Owen asked with a perceptive look that was mixed with brotherly concern for his little sister.

"Don't worry about it," Rosina said with a saddened, subdued tone of voice that she had intended to be a dismissive one.

Rosina turned to walk away from Owen and return to the table but instead she found Owen's embrace, constricting. She had expected to easily break free of his embrace but instead of opening up his arms and letting her go, he held her firm. She lunged again to break out of his arms but they didn't budge as she expected. She looked up to his eye with a dirty look, as a silent warning for him to let her go.

"Tell me about it," Owen said calmly with a concerned look on his face.

"No," Rosina huffed in a tone that was close to a pout, rather than the angry tone that she had intended.

Still Rosina struggled to get out of Owen's embrace; she knew she needed to get away from him quick. His strong arms and masculine chest felt far too good against her, a feeling which comforted and scared her at the same time. The trouble was that time was on Owen's side and Rosina knew this. The longer Rosina struggled to break free of Owen's embrace, the more of her will to fight was drained away. That damned powerful presence of her brother, caused the weakness within her to grow at an alarming rate. It wasn't much longer than a minute that her struggling ceased altogether. With a deep sigh she resigned herself to remaining in his arms and rested her head on his chest.

The most troubling thing was that once she stopped fighting it, she enjoyed it. In Owen's arms she felt safe and her troubles were kept at bay for the time-being. A tear ran down her cheek as the thought of seeking comfort in her brother's arms scared her. The truth was that she felt loved, protected and cared for in his arms. As long as he held her, everything was okay, she felt her heart start to go out to him in a most un-sibling type way.

"Oh good, why don't you two go for a dance," Taryn said lovingly as she put a hand on Owen's shoulder and a hand on Rosina's shoulder.

"Sure, Mom, good idea," Owen said and started to lead Rosina toward the dance floor.

"Oh I don't think that . . ." Rosina started to protest but she was cut off.

"Nonsense, a dance with your brother on his birthday won't hurt you!" Taryn said in a motherly way and at that Rosina fell silent.

On the dance floor they embraced again and she enjoyed the embrace this time. Rosina smiled up at Owen warmly as they swayed to the soft music. A moment later the siblings saw their parents walk onto the dance floor and start to slow-dance. Owen's eyes rested on the two of them for a long time yet and a twinge of jealousy rose up in him as he saw his mother dance with his father. Rosina looked up at him and perceived exactly what was going through his mind. His eyes looked down at the troubled, yet understanding look in them and feared that he had been caught. 

"What?" Owen snorted in a defensive huff.

"You love her, don't you?" Rosina asked with a curious look on her face.

"She's mom, of course I do, don't you?" Owen shot back in a nervous snort.

"No, I mean really love her," Rosina said with a serious tone of voice and a perceptive look on her face.

Owen looked down at his sister and his instinct was to lie and tell her that she was nuts. When his eyes met hers, his will to lie evaporated in the intensity of her stare. In her eyes it was clear that she knew, really and truly knew about his relationship with their mother. Any attempt to lie to her would be fruitless; Owen felt it deep within his bones.

"Yeah," Owen meekly admitted with a shameful manner.

"I saw you two Thursday night," Rosina said with a lowered tone of voice, her face wearing an uncomfortable expression as she looked deep into her eyes.

"What?" Owen replied in a shocked whisper, his eyes wide, his mouth wide open.

"I didn't go to the library," Rosina confessed and looked down as she was filled with her own shame. "I snuck back and watched the whole thing," Rosina said looking up at him with a furrowed brow of a stern look.

"What did you see?" Owen asked, hoping she didn't see that she didn't see much.

"Everything from when you told her to consult you on all major decisions to when you held her," Rosina said with a troubled tone of voice. She paused for a moment before she added in a whisper, "After you fucked her."

Owen looked at Rosina in shock and words failed him, he didn't know what to say. How would he explain that he and his mother needed something from each other? How do you explain that it was a mutually beneficial arrangement between consenting adults? He sighed heavily and opened his mouth to explain, but he didn't know what words would come out of his mouth.

"Rosina, you just don't understand . . ." Owen started to say with a deep sigh of regret but he was cut of abruptly.

"You're damn right I don't understand!" Rosina snapped in a tone that she tried to keep down. "I don't understand how you could fuck mom! I don't understand why you would want to! I don't understand why she would let you . . . repeatedly! Don't get me started on this whole 'Master-Slave' crap!" Rosina growled in an angry but lowered tone of voice and glared her displeasure at her brother.

"Let me explain Rosie," Owen said with a pained and troubled tone of voice. He had only paused to breathe but Rosina spoke up to cut him off before he could continue.

"Not here! We can talk about it later, but I need to understand what is going on!" Rosina snapped with a hurt look on her face as she stared at Owen for a moment. Owen looked at back at her with a look of fear in his eyes. Her anger drained from her face as she saw the fear in his eyes. "Don't worry, I won't tell dad, I'm not going to blackmail you either," she added with a softer tone of voice and at that Owen let out a relieved sigh. "I just want to understand this . . . sick thing between you and mom. I can see that you love each other, but I don't understand any of it!" Rosina said with a look that conveyed her sincerity.

"Okay, Rosie, we'll talk later, I promise," Owen said as he leaned down and kissed Rosina on the forehead, like he had done many times before.

"Thanks," Rosina said and smiled at Owen for a moment before she snuggled back into his arms once again and for a tender moment yet nothing was said.

"What is the chance of me dancing with the 'birthday boy'?" Taryn asked with a chipper smile as she and Richard danced close by, after a bit.

"What if I don't want to give him up?" Rosina teased back at her mother with a playful grin on her face.

"Are you saying you won't dance with 'dear old dad'?" Richard quipped as he feigned a hurt expression on his face.

"Don't be silly dad, I'll always dance with you," Rosina replied with a sarcastically condescending tone of voice as she let go of Owen and walked toward her father.

"That's more like it," Taryn said with a contented flavor to her voice that she tried to keep under control as she felt Owen's arms wrap around her.

The new couples danced silently for a moment, enjoying the quiet time with a loved one. Taryn looked up at Owen after a bit and asked the question that was on her mind. A fearful look was on her face as she did so.

"Did she tell you what was bothering her?" Taryn asked with an apprehensive look on her face.

"Yeah, she knows," Owen said with a deeply troubled sigh. "She won't cause any trouble, she just wants to understand," Owen said in as calm a manner as he could, since the development troubled him as much as it did Taryn.

Taryn felt like she had been kicked in the gut. It was one thing to suspect it, to fear it, but quite another to have it actually happen! Her daughter knew about her special relationship with her son, and she didn't know how to explain it. Her private world of love and pleasure with her son, her Master was now torn open for another to examine. While Taryn felt outraged for her daughter to be so nosy as to demand an explanation, she knew that her daughter was owed an explanation.

"I don't know what to say to her. How are we going to get her to understand this, baby?" Taryn asked with wet eyes of fear as she rested her head on his chest, taking comfort in his arms.

Taryn knew that she shouldn't be seen to be so intimate with Owen in public, especially with her husband and his father so close. She took comfort in the belief in Richard's unperceptive nature. He wouldn't suspect a thing; he barely noticed anything that happened around the house unless she pointed it out to him. Taryn needed the warm and tender embrace of her Master as she feared for their future. Would their relationship withstand the scrutiny of an outsider? If Rosina couldn't understand what had happened between them, could Taryn continue, knowing that to do so would cause her daughter pain? This dance may well be the last time she could hold her Master, the man she loved more than anything else in the world. A tear rolled down her cheek as she pondered the thought of actually loosing him. She would do anything to get her daughter to understand and approve, that much she swore to herself.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 07
bypolyman©

Chapter Seven: The Fateful Talk

A dark cloud hung over the Thompson house from Saturday after the birthday dinner outing. The dark cloud didn't dissipate once the morning sun hit the house the next day; in fact, it thickened. It was clear to Rosina, Owen and Taryn, that nothing would be right between them until this matter was resolved. If it wasn't for Richard's presence, they would have had that talk, Saturday night. Instead the talk would have to wait until Monday evening; even then it was only a chance. For the first time in years, the family hoped that Richard would have to work late, very late. When Richard was home, no discussion could be had. None of the three of them wanted Richard to know, for fear it would shatter the family. Owen, Taryn, and Rosina avoided each other all day Sunday.

Taryn and Owen didn't do anything together Saturday night, or even Sunday. For the first time since the momentous Wednesday night, they were uncomfortable with each other. It was one thing to have their private, intimate relationship, their own private world of wicked pleasure between the two of them. It was quite another thing to have someone else, someone close to them, know about them. It was as if they now had to admit their relationship to the world, and suddenly felt uncomfortable with it. Owen and Taryn were at a loss, as during this time of tribulation, they wanted to seek comfort from each other. The irony was that it was that very comfort which was the cause of the pain they were in. Silent and irrational resentment toward Rosina grew within the minds of both Owen and Taryn.

Taryn herself took the news of Rosina's discovery much harder than Owen. She had accepted and loved the relationship with her son on one level, yet on another level she couldn't really accept it. Taryn knew that "normal mothers" did have sex with or were Slaves to their sons. Taryn hadn't completely resolved the issue within herself, so how was she to explain and defend it to another person, especially her own daughter! A part of her wanted to tell Rosina to go to hell; her relationship with Owen was none of Rosina's business. Taryn knew that a daughter had a right to understand and discuss an incestuous relationship between her mother and her brother. Taryn knew that she was lucky that her daughter hadn't told Richard yet, and was behaving so calmly about something she should be ranting and screaming about. Taryn renewed her resolve to find someway to convince Rosina about how special and wonderful her relationship with Owen was. Taryn needed Rosina to understand and accept the relationship that by all logic shouldn't exist, but did.

The one who was suffering the most of the three of them was Rosina, herself. She could feel the resentment from her brother and mother, almost as if they blamed her for the current situation. That was of little consequence to what was truly wearing on her mind. The dreams continued Saturday and Sunday nights, yet got worse and more intimate. It had changed in that as soon as Owen and Taryn finished having sex, Taryn left the room. After Rosina had sex with Owen, after they came together, Rosina cuddled up to Owen and fell asleep in his arms, feeling content and loved. When she awoke the next morning, finding that Owen wasn't there, she felt the loss, and genuinely felt incomplete.

On one hand, Rosina hoped that once she understood exactly what was going on and why that she could get past it. She hoped that once she understood everything about the relationship, it wouldn't excite her anymore. Her greatest fear was that once she actually understood what was going on, she might accept it. If she accepted it, she knew it would be a very slippery slope down to their level of depravity. Part of what she feared the most was that by the end of the talk she would wind up living out her dream, her nightmare. Rosina knew that she was taking a real risk by talking to them about it. She could feel the darkest part of herself calling out to Owen to own her, to make her, his newest Slave. That fear always made Rosina cry, for as time moved on, she felt that perhaps it was inevitable, yet she would struggle against, regardless.

Owen was borderline indifferent about the upcoming talk with Rosina. He wasn't ashamed about what he and his mother was doing, and wasn't planning to stop. Owen knew that things between he and his mother weren't normal and he didn't like the thought of explaining the relationship to anyone. He knew that he could have forced things with his mother that Sunday to have sex with her. He decided against it, out of respect for his mother's silent wishes. She could barely look at him and didn't let him touch her. Taryn only looked at him from a distance with a mournful look in her eye. Owen was quite agitated with Rosina for stirring up this trouble. Things were fine between Owen and Taryn until Rosina blurted out that she knew about them and demanded an explanation. Who did she think she was, demanding him to explain and justify what he did with his own Slave? Owen started to brood over the situation and his thoughts continued to darken as time went by. Like the other two, he just wanted this talk over and done with.

Monday was a rough day for all three, as they took little joy out of their regular routines. Owen and Rosina, learned little that day at College. Taryn found even the nicest of customers start to grate on her during her shift at the spa. Eventually the day was over and the evening ritual and routines started. Taryn made dinner as Rosina set the table while telling Taryn of her day. They talked small talk and ignored the elephant in the room, for just a little while longer. When Owen came home, he walked up to his mother and gave her, what he thought was an appropriate hug and kiss for the woman he loved. The uncomfortable stare from Rosina, made it clear that she didn't like to see any sort of intimate contact between them.

Owen wanted to start the talk during dinner, but Taryn shut him down, insisting that the talk wait until after dinner. All three people ate in silence and looked at each other as the tension thickened and grew. When dinner was over, the dishes were piled up by the sink, and the trio walked out to the living room to finally have their fateful talk. Nobody knew what to say or how to start the discussion as they each sat in a different chair. Owen felt, without anyone saying anything outright, that it was his responsibility to start the ball rolling.

"The first thing you need to understand, Rosie, is that neither of us, planned this," Owen said with a deep sigh, as he looked at Rosina with a sincere look on his face.

"So how did this all start? When did it? How long has it been going on?" Rosina blurted out. She quickly cut herself off before she could rattle off a thousand questions.

With a deep sight he looked over at his mother and in reply she nodded at him, agreeing to his silent question. Owen told Rosina about their outing on his birthday that Wednesday and all that happened in the bathroom. Rosina's chin hit the floor as she heard her brother tell her things that she would have never imagined possible.

Even though Owen was as delicate as he could be when talking about the sex that took place, Rosina couldn't help but picture it. Much to her annoyance, she found the picture in her mind, hot, her pussy started to moisten. Rosina was not at all comfortable with this reaction from herself, and felt it was the first step down toward their level. Already she felt her feet start to slip on that slippery slope toward actually joining them in their sick world of incest.

"How could you, Owen?" Rosina asked with her mouth agape in utter shock.

"Like I said, it's hard to describe, it's like I'm discovering a part of myself that I didn't know was there," Owen said and looked down, pausing as he gathered his thoughts together. "After it happened, we talked and found out that we liked what we did . . . we needed something from each other," Owen said looking up to Rosina with a piercing look on his face, a look that begged to be understood.

"Needed? Needed what?" Rosina asked with a wrinkled forehead and a shaky voice.

"I need to dominate her," Owen said, his eyes never wavering from looking into Rosina's eyes.

"And I need to submit to him," Taryn said, completing Owen's thought.

Rosina's eyes shot over to her mother once she spoke and looked intently at her. It was the first time Taryn spoke since the talk began, and for Rosina it was mind-boggling to actually hear her mother admit to this. Rosina's eyes never wavered from looking at her mother and silently implored her to continue. Rosina desperately needed to hear what her mother had to say, to understand this bizarre relationship from her mother's point of view.

"Before I met your father, I always went for the 'jerk' type. I always dated the kind of men who would treat me like dirt. Time and time again I wound up with men who didn't respect me and walked all over me. Your father was the first man who treated me like a person and I loved him for it. I made myself go out with him because I knew I needed to get away from those jerks that I craved so much. I thought that I had locked up that part of me, the part that wanted to be treated like that. I didn't understand then, as I do now, that what I was really searching for was not a jerk, but a Master." Tarn looked down for a moment and then back up to her daughter's piercing eyes. "Yes, Rosie, I need to be dominated, I love it when Owen takes control, makes me do things. I love serving him, and he gives me the control and dominance that I need from him and I give him the submission and servitude that he needs from me." Taryn paused to gauge Rosina's reaction to what she had said and Rosina's eyes were starting to get wet as she stared back at her mother.

"But you're mother and son! You're related, how can you two be so casual and comfortable with that?" Rosina blurted out in shock and amazement.

"Yes, we're related, and I suppose, if we had realized what we needed before it happened, we may have found other people to get what need. Since we are related, it's so much better . . ." Taryn said with a troubled tone of voice, but Rosina cut her off in mid-sentence.

"BETTER!" Rosina shrieked in disbelief.

"We love and trust each other, because we're family. I know Owen could never hurt me or abuse me. I know him; it just isn't in his nature! Because of that fact, and the fact that I love him as a son, I can give myself to him, as a lover . . . submit to him . . . as a . . . Slave." Taryn said, though her words were harder to get out, the longer she spoke. When she finally got the last of the words out, she hung her head and sobbed a few sobs that she fought to control.

There was uncomfortable silence in the room as Rosina looked at Taryn with compassion. She looked over to Owen and scowled at him, it was his fault her mother was like this. Owen did this to her, Owen was the cause of her mother's pain. Rosina wanted to hit him for it, she looked away from him to her mother who had stopped her crying and looked back up to her with a smile. It was a teary smile that Taryn tried to let her daughter know that she was okay. The scowl that Rosina gave Owen afterward made one thing clear to Owen; she didn't understand the relationship at all. Clearly Rosina viewed the relationship as some sort of oppression.

"I think you need a demonstration, Rosie," Owen said with a cocky smile on his face.

"Demonstration?" Rosina asked, with a curious tone of voice and a fearful look on her face.

"Yes," Owen replied casually to Rosina before turning to Taryn to say, "Slave, remove your blouse!"

Taryn hesitated only for a short bit before she reached up and began to unbutton the blouse, one button at a time. Her red face made it clear that she wasn't comfortable doing this in front of Rosina, but couldn't help herself. Taryn's damn need to submit to her Master was too strong to resist, each time she submitted to him, it made it harder to resist the next time. It didn't take too long before the last button was undone, so she then removed the garment the rest of the way and placed it over the arm of the chair. She then folded her hands on her lap and waited, wearing only her skirt, panties and her bra.

Rosina looked at her mother, flabbergasted by the fact that her mother had actually done that just because Owen told her. Rosina glanced back at Owen, who smiled at her with an arrogant smile, her insides did a flip. She looked back at her mother expecting to see her put the garment back on, but she just sat there, motionless.

"Good, Slave, now show us your marvelous tits, take off that bra!" Owen ordered with a commanding tone of voice.

Rosina's eyes bugged out of her head when she heard that last command and looked at Owen in shock but only saw a satisfied, yet self-assured smirk on his face as he gave her a chuckle. Rosina looked over to her mother in time to see her lower the cups of the bra down and off. Then she placed the bra on top of her blouse and waited patiently, she still remained silent and had not said a word of protest. Much to her dismay, Rosina's eyes wandered over her mother's full, round, large breasts with envy and desire.

"I think she has a great set of tits, what do you think, Rosie?" Owen asked with a cheeky tone of voice as he looked over at Rosina, whose eyes were fixated on her mother's breasts.

"Lovely, yes," Rosina mumbled in reply, not sure of what else to say.

"Seeing them, sure has got me hard," Owen said to Rosina with a laugh before turning his attention to Taryn. "Get over here and give your Master a blowjob!" Owen commanded Taryn, while keeping an eye on Rosina out of the corner of his eye.

Taryn didn't move and only glared at Owen with a stern look of disapproval. Owen glared an evil look back at Taryn and let out a low growl, similar to what a beast makes before it pounces. Taryn bowed her head and got off the sofa that she was sitting in and walked on her knees toward Owen, who was sitting in the large chair. Rosina sat there, with her mouth hanging open and watched in morbid curiosity as her mother approached Owen.

Taryn reached up and unbuckled Owen's belt and then unbuttoned his pants. Rosina licked her lips, involuntarily as her mother opened his fly. Taryn figured that if she was exposed from the waist up, he was going to be exposed from the waist down. With that thought in mind Taryn grasped the waistband of Owen's jeans and underwear down until they were at his ankles. With a tug on one pant-leg, the jeans came off and Owen was able to spread his legs wide.

Taryn licked her lips and leaned forward to take the rock-hard shaft in her hand and brought her lips to the head of her Master's cock. Taryn pushed all thoughts out of her mind as she lowered her lips down the shaft of that cock. As the cockhead hit the back of her throat she pushed the thought that she was doing this in front of her daughter out of her mind. As the cockhead slipped down her throat, she focused on one thing and one thing only, pleasing her Master. She was ordered to suck on her Master's cock and that was what she was going to do, just what she was ordered. When her lips hit bottom she tried to slip her tongue out and lick at his balls, though it was barely a flick. She lifted her head until the cock came out of her mouth and she then ran her lips down the side of the shaft, licking all over it as she went. Once she was at the base of his cock, she continued down until she was licking at his balls. Gently she took one of his balls in her mouth and sucked, before she did the same to the other one. She licked her way back up the shaft, until her lips were once again at the head of the cock. Slowly she lowered her head down, taking in all of his length before she lifted her head back up. Taryn wanted to draw out her worship of her Master's cock and had already forgotten that anyone else was in the room.

"You're too slow sometimes, Slave!" Owen said with a frustrated scoff.

Owen then reached up and grasped two handfuls of Taryn's hair from the sides of her head. He pulled her head down abruptly so that her lips hit the bottom of his shaft in half the time of her previous stroke. Quickly he lifted her head up and down on his shaft as he forced his cock down his mother's throat at his maddening pace. Owen's head fell back and he groaned out his pleasure, while still fucking her face.

"Cumming!" Owen moaned out in a satisfied groan. "Save some in your mouth, Slave!" Owen said as he abruptly let go of Taryn's head.

Taryn raised up her head until just the head was in her mouth. She let as much collect in her mouth as she could, swallowing only what she had to. After what seemed like an eternity, Owen's cock was spent and stopped spurting and Taryn carefully let it slip from her mouth. She made sure not to let any of his cum drip out of her mouth as she sat back and waited for his next command.

"Show her what's in your mouth, Slave," Owen said to Taryn directly while pointing to Rosina. Taryn turned toward Rosina and opened her mouth wide, yet still at an angle as to keep the precious liquid in her open mouth. "No! Go up to her, show her up close. Let her have a real good at what you have in your mouth," Owen said with a wicked tone of voice.

Taryn got up and her breasts swayed and crashed about wildly and lewdly as she did. Rosina couldn't take her eyes off of the hypnotic sway of them as her mother approached. When they were less than an arms length away and hanging down, motionless, Rosina looked up with a start. She saw her mother's cum filled, open mouth only inches from her face and she couldn't help but smell the sent of her brother's seed, Rosina quivered inside.

"Kiss her, give her a taste," Owen said with a growl of desire in his voice.

Before Rosina could protest, her mother leaned forward and planted a kiss on her lips. A second after that, a foreign tongue forced its way into her mouth, and then a gush of something warm and salty past her lips. As quickly as it started, it was over, leaving Rosina stunned and mortified. Rosina sat there and swished the substance in her mouth, savored the taste of it on her tongue and her lust grew. Rosina knew full well that she was tasting Owen's cum. Her brother's cum had been forced into her mouth by her mother who had just sucked him off. The concept alone was overwhelming, but the sudden gush of pussy-juice that rushed out of her, soaking her panties even more, was undeniable. Her mind was horrified, but her body loved it!

"That's enough, Slave, you can dress yourself now," Owen said casually to Taryn who casually did just that before she took her seat. Owen pulled up his pants and underwear up. Now Owen and Taryn looked like they did when the talk started. "So, Rosie, that is a sample of what Taryn and I do together. I give her and order and she complies . . . what do you think?" Owen said casually, as if he was talking about sports scores or the weather.

WHAT DOES SHE THINK? WHAT DOES SHE THINK? Rosina was outraged, disgusted, shocked, and scared by all that she had seen and heard so far. She was outraged for all that they had done together and how they were actually defending it. She was disgusted by what Owen had made their mother do right before her eyes! She was shocked about how she was starting to understand how and why it started. Worst of all she was scared that by understanding it, she was inching toward joining them. Rosina's soaked panties were a testament to this, fact. She was confused and terrified; her mind had already started to shut down. The only impulse left in her brain was to flee so she got up and rushed for the door.

"ROSINA, SIT DOWN!" Owen shouted with a roar that even made Taryn jump. Rosina only took two steps before, to her shock and horror, she sat back down, instantly. 

Rosina sat there and blinked in stunned disbelief as she waited for something to happen. That was the first time in real life, that the need to obey and submit kicked in. Owen had ordered her to sit down and she had complied, without question; her pussy throbbed as she sat there. Her mind was reeling as she was filled with a thrill of submission and it shocked and excited her. Rosina didn't know what to do. She only hoped that nobody would pick up on what was going on in her mind.

Someone did pick up on what happened, even though she remained silent for the moment. Taryn could read in her daughters face the mixed feelings over her submission. Taryn knew the conflict that was raging in her daughter's mind, because she had fought that same battle Wednesday night, and lost. Taryn looked at her daughter with a perceptive eye and wondered what to do over this development.

Taryn's darker side knew that Rosina wouldn't make Taryn stop serving Owen if Rosina was also Owen's Slave. Taryn could never force her daughter into anything like that and wasn't sure she was comfortable with her daughter willingly doing so! Taryn was still unsure about her servitude to Owen and didn't want Rosina to be damaged by a relationship with her brother. As Taryn looked at her daughter, and her daughter looked back at her with fear in her eyes, it was clear that her daughter needed to talk about all that had gone on.

Rosina sat there and looked at her mother with terror gripping her heart. Did her mother know? Could her mother see that she liked to be ordered about? Was it that obvious what she was going through? Rosina wanted to flee more than ever but her legs just wouldn't move. She glanced over at her brother who looked at her with a stern look on his face. Rosina's weakness within her started to grow and she felt herself getting meeker and meeker in his presence. Her eyes fell to the floor and she didn't look up at anyone, waiting for someone to say something.

"Owen, honey, could you leave us alone for a while?" Taryn said as she looked at Owen after her long stare at Rosina.

"Sure, how long do you need?" Owen asked with a curious tone of voice as he looked at Taryn.

"Go see movie or something, I'll call you when you can come back," Taryn said to Owen with a definite look in her eye, a motherly look of silent instruction to obey.

"Sure, Taryn," Owen said as he walked over to Taryn and gave her a lingering goodbye kiss and then left the house.

Taryn got up and walked over to the loveseat where Rosina was sitting and slowly sat down beside her trembling daughter. Taryn drew a deep breath and prepared herself for what she figured was going to be the oddest portion of this talk, yet. Taryn picked up Rosina's hand and held it in hers, looking into her daughter's eyes with a loving look. Taryn waited for Rosina to look at her, before she spoke but after a moment of Rosina still looking at the floor, Taryn spoke up.

"Rosie, honey, why did you sit back down just now?" Taryn asked in a soothing tone of voice.

Rosina looked up at her mother with wet eyes and a quivering lip. The expression on her face was one that told Taryn that she didn't want to answer that question. A silent pleading to leave her alone was in her eyes, yet at the same time Taryn sensed a part of Rosina that needed her mother to help her understand these conflicting feelings and impulses within her. Yet still, Rosina didn't answer, she couldn't answer. All she could do was fight the impulse to cry as she sat there in that loveseat, holding her mother's hand.

"You sat back down before you realized it . . . didn't you?" Taryn said with a perceptive tone of voice as she looked ever so more intently into her daughter's eyes. "When you did sit down, you wanted to get up and leave, but you couldn't . . . right?" Taryn asked and again sat quietly, waiting for Rosina's response that never came. "When you did do what Owen told you to do, you felt a sudden thrill within you, didn't you?" Taryn asked and again patiently waited for some kind of response from Rosina.

Rosina sat there, not saying anything, trying hard not to do or say anything to admit that her mother was right. Rosina didn't want to admit to anyone especially her mother about how right she was on all three questions. If Rosina held out a little more, perhaps her mother would get bored and go away. If she just held herself together she wouldn't have to admit that her need to submit had flared up, exciting and scaring her at the same time.

The quiver started inside before it found a weakness in her lower lip, and exploited it. Her lower lip started to quiver and soon it spread to the rest of her, then the tears came. Rosina buried her face in her hands and let the tears come, she cried heavily. Tears were nothing new to Rosina since Thursday night, though crying in front of another person was. Taryn put her arm around Rosina and pulled her daughter to her. Rosina resisted at first, wanting no comfort from her mother but after a bit, she relented and leaned in, curled up to her mother and cried even harder. It was for some time yet that Rosina cried and wetted Taryn's blouse with tears of pain, until she was cried out but still held her mother.

"I think you understand Owen's and my relationship, more than you let on, don't you?" Taryn asked perceptively, and waited as she stroked her daughter's hair, in a soothing manner.

"I don't know if I understand it, exactly," Rosina said in a quiet, cracking voice.

"But you feel the need, don't you?" Taryn asked, with a calm tone of voice.

"The need?" Rosina asked with a fearful flavor to her voice.

"The need to serve, the need to submit, the need to be dominated. You felt it, just now, didn't you? That is what made you sit down when Owen commanded you, isn't it?" Taryn asked with a tone of certainty, which was not devoid of compassion.

"Yes," Rosina admitted in a tearful sob of shame as she clutched her mother tighter. "What's wrong with me? Why did that excite me? Why have I not been able to get these images out of my head? How do you make the dreams go away?" Rosina asked in a quivering tone of voice as she looked intently into her mother's eyes for some words of wisdom.

"Dreams?" Taryn asked with a curious tone of voice and a raised eyebrow of interest. "What dreams?" she asked and looked at a momentarily horrified Rosina before the young woman sighed heavily.

"Since I s . . . saw . . . what I saw on Thursday night, I have had dreams about it since," Rosina replied in a timid tone of voice, clearly ashamed over what she had admitted.

"Were they exactly the same as what you saw or were they different somehow?" Taryn asked in a knowing tone of voice, waiting for the answer she suspected.

"Different," Rosina said, looking down and away from her mother.

"Different how?" Taryn asked Rosina, who never answered, until Taryn shook her daughter and asked again. "Different how? How were the dreams different from what you saw?" she asked again and shook her daughter's shoulder until she answered.

"In the dreams after you two finished having sex, Owen opened the window, dragged me in and then . . . and then . . . then he made me his Slave too!" Rosina admitted and then broke down into tears once again, crying and sobbing another round of pain.

"How did that make you feel? Is that something you want?" Taryn asked in a calm tone of voice that Rosina didn't expect coming from a parent talking about this!

"I . . . it shocked me! It isn't normal! Other women don't want to have sex with their brothers. Other women don't want to serve their brother, to become his Slave!" Rosina said in a sobbing, mash of tears and pain as she looked at her mother through tear-blurred eyes. "How did you get rid of the dreams?" she asked with a hopeful look in her eyes, hoping for a way out of her dilemma.

"I never had the dreams," Taryn said with a saddened tone of voice as she looked into her daughter's eyes. "For me, it happened too fast, I guess. I realized the need to serve as Owen was making me submit, I never had the time to think it over rationally before I gave in to it," Taryn said in a sad and sympathetic manner.

"Oh," Rosina said in a dejected tone of voice.

"How do these dreams make you feel?" Taryn asked another question, which she felt she knew the answer to.

"I cry every time they're over! Part of me loves what happens in the dream, but the realistic part of me, knows I could never do anything like that! I couldn't be my brother's Slave! I just couldn't!" Rosina replied in an emphatic manner and looked sternly into her mother's eyes.

"But you want to, don't you?" Taryn asked with a raised eyebrow.

"I . . . just said that part of me likes that thought, yes," Rosina replied in a hesitant tone of voice.

"No, I mean deep down, at your core, you want to, you really want to serve Owen. That need to submit that is ingrained so deeply in you wants you to submit to him," Taryn said in a low tone of voice, almost in a husky growl.

"Are you saying I should? Are you telling me to become my brother's Slave?" Rosina asked in a horrified manner, unable to comprehend the words coming from her mother's mouth.

"I'm not telling you what to do, that is up to you. What I am saying is that, perhaps, the reason you are in so much pain is because you can't accept what you want at the most basic of levels." Taryn spoke in a compassionate and tender tone of voice as she looked at her daughter's wet eyes that nodded their agreement.

"I don't know mom . . . maybe . . . do you think I should? Are you happy?" Rosina asked in a teary and confused muddle, not sure of what was right, wrong, good or evil anymore.

"That is something you need to determine for yourself. I am happy serving Owen, yes. A deep part of myself is satisfied. For years I ignored it, tried to pretend that it wasn't there. I thought I had long since conquered it," Taryn said in a sincere tone of voice, speaking directly into Rosina's eyes. "Until Wednesday night that is," she added in a light tone of voice and had a laugh that Rosina joined her in on.

"So it never goes away?" Rosina asked in a defeated tone of voice, sincerely unhappy to hear that she would have to fight this urge the rest of her life.

"You can push it down and ignore it, but it will always be there," Taryn replied with a saddened sigh.

"Are you happy?" Rosina asked with a tentative tone of voice.

"Immensely! I actually feel myself blossoming because of it. Since I began serving Master, I feel more content and confident than I have in years. I feel satisfied on a deep and subconscious level . . . yes . . . I am happy . . . I never thought I would say this to anyone but, yes I am happy being a Slave to my son," Taryn said with a light and relieved tone of voice, a smile on her face as she spoke.

It was at that moment, that very moment that the last vestiges of doubt and regret over submitting to Owen were swept away. It was in the act of explaining to Rosina how she felt about her servitude to Owen, that it clicked in Taryn's mind. She was happy, Taryn actually liked to serve her son and suddenly she didn't feel ashamed or weird about it. She needed him as much as he needed her; they needed each other and were happy because of it. While she had been uncomfortable being made to serve him in front of Rosina and had planned to sternly chastise him over it, later. Now she felt differently about it, now she would suck him off in the middle of the food court at the local mall if he ordered her to. Taryn loved to serve him and trusted him implicitly, whatever Master wanted is what the dutiful Slave would do.

"You are! You really are!" Rosina asked with an astonished look on her face as she looked her mother.

Rosina couldn't completely accept that anyone could want to serve another person. How could anyone be content and truly happy being a Slave to another person? Yet it was clear in the way that her mother answered that she was happy. Rosina wanted that happiness, she wanted to be that happy and her mother had already told her that this burning need to submit wouldn't go away. Could she really do it? Could Rosina Thompson actually become her brother's Slave, and love it? A wrinkled forehead signaled to Taryn, her daughter's confusion.

"What are you thinking, dear?" Taryn asked as she stroked the hair out of Rosina's eyes and held her daughter's head.

"I was wondering if I could be happy like that . . . do you think I could?" Rosina asked in a fearful and quiet tone of voice.

"I can't answer that, only time can. You have to be sure that it is what you want, dear?" Taryn said as she looked deep into her mother's eyes.

"You didn't think about it, and you're happy," Rosina asked in a confused muddle. "You didn't have to ask Owen to become your Master, it just sorta happened . . . and you're happy," Rosina said with a frustrated tone of voice and a most uncomfortable manner about her. "Why do I have to humiliate myself by asking him?" Rosina added in a soft tone of voice that was sounding suspiciously like a pout.

"Is that what you need? For Owen to take charge? Do you want him to take you? To claim you and make you his Slave?" Taryn asked in a husky tone of voice and she had to admit that the thought of her daughter also serving Owen was hot.

"Maybe," Rosina replied so quietly, her voice was barely audible as she looked at the floor.

Nothing was said for a moment yet as daughter and mother held each other in silence. Taryn thought over all that was said and tried to consider what was best for her daughter. How could a mother consider helping her child become a Slave to her other child? What mother was a Slave to her son? Taryn couldn't deny that she was happy serving Owen and felt complete as his Slave. Her daughter had expressed may of the same feelings and tendencies that she herself had. If Taryn could be happy as a Slave, perhaps Rosina could be, too. Why should Rosina be denied happiness if it was what she really wanted?

"I'll tell you what, Rosie," Taryn said and waited for Rosina's eyes to meet hers before she continued. "I'll call Owen and have him come home now. You go upstairs and go to your room if you don't want to serve Owen or just need more time to think. If you do want to become Owen's Slave, then go wait in his room. I promise you, you won't have to say or do a thing, he will take care of everything. But you have to make sure that it is what you want, okay?" Taryn said in a calming and reassuring tone of voice.

Rosina looked up at her mother and for a moment had a troubled look on her face. That expression then warmed up and she smiled and nodded. Silently Rosina walked up the stairs, still unsure of what she was going to do, of which door she was going to open. Her mind was still in a muddle as she stood there between the two doors and looked at each of them for a long while. It was a hard choice, but one she had to make on her own.

Taryn waited downstairs with baited breath, not moving from the chair. After what seemed like an eternity, Taryn heard a door open and then close. That was the signal that Rosina had made her decision so she called Owen and told him to come home. Waiting for Owen was another excruciating eternity but eventually he walked in the front door. Taryn's face lit up when her strong Master walked in the door. She rose to greet him and kissed him a lingering hello kiss, no longer afraid if they would get caught. She led him to the loveseat and held his hand like she had done with Rosina before she started her talk.

"I had a good talk with Rosie and I know what has really been bothering her," Taryn said as her heart started beating in her chest.

"I thought it was just her shock over us, wasn't that it?" Owen asked with a confused tone of voice, his eyebrow raised in a perplexed expression that dominated his face.

"It was shock alright, but not shock over us, shock over herself, of how she reacted," Taryn said as she looked into her Master's face and smiled, unable to do anything else.

"Herself?" Owen asked, still unsure as to what his mother was getting at.

"She and I are so very much alike it seems . . . she's also a submissive," Taryn said calmly as she looked into Owen's eyes and paused, momentarily. "A submissive who is searching for a Master to make her his Slave . . . she needs you," she added in a sincere tone of voice.

"What?" Owen replied in a shocked and stunned tone of voice, his breath leaving him momentarily.

"She is grappling with whether or not she can actually do it but I believe she really wants to but simply can't come out and say it," Taryn said in a compassionate tone of voice.

"Rosie?" Owen said in utter disbelief.

"You and I are happy, why can't Rosie also be happy, if that is what she wants?" Taryn asked with a wrinkled forehead.

"I guess, but I never figured that Rosie would want to be my Slave!" Owen replied with a stunned chuckle.

"Well we never gave it much thought in that bathroom, Wednesday night either, but here we are. I couldn't think of being any other way, could you?" Taryn asked in a light hearted manner and finished up with a chuckle.

"I guess, but wow, I still never imagined she would want it too!" Owen said with the same shocked chuckle as his cock started to get stiff at the thought.

"Are you saying you don't find your sister attractive?" Taryn asked what even struck her as a strange and bizarre question coming from a mother to her son.

"Well, hey she is her mother's daughter and is quite cute with a hot little body, sure!" Owen said emphatically as he looked at his mother with a cheeky smile on his face.

"Oh, Master, you say the sweetest things," Taryn said with an appreciative gush as she leaned in and kissed Owen with a heated kiss of gratitude. "As much as I would love to play around with you, Master, you need to go upstairs and see to Rosie. I told her that if she wanted to be your Slave she was to wait in your room. If she isn't there then either she doesn't want it or isn't ready yet. If she is in your room, you need to take charge and make her submit. Like you did for me on Wednesday," Taryn said and then looked down, not able to look him in the eyes yet.

"Okay," Owen said calmly before he leaned in and kissed Taryn again. As he kissed her he made sure it was a hard kiss of roughness and dominance. Owen reached boldly under Taryn's blouse until his hand met her breast. Tugging up, he moved the cup of the bra out of the way, making it quite uncomfortable for Taryn. But when his hand found her nude breast, she wasn't complaining. When his fingers ran over her nipple, the pleasure that shot to her pussy made her forget where she was.

"You are such a hot Slave," Owen said with a loving look on his face as he stood up.

"Thank you, Master," Taryn said dreamily as she lay there, her clothes all askew.

Owen chuckled as he walked upstairs and wondered what he would do if his sister was indeed in his room. It was true that he had dominated his mother and was quite happy doing it. It happened so quickly that he was in the middle of it before he realized what he was doing. Now he had an actual choice, he had to decide to take his sister, by force! Sure, if she was there, it meant she wanted him to, needed him to assert his dominance over her. Could he actually do that to his kid sister? At nineteen she wasn't a kid anymore but she was still his sister, regardless.

Owen reached his door and took a breath to steady himself and he wondered if she really was in there. He pondered if his sister was really in there, waiting for him to make her his Slave. That thought brought a wicked smile of satisfaction on his face before he shook it off. With apprehension and excitement he reached up and opened the door. There, sitting patently, timidly and fearfully was Rosina, looking down at her knees. She didn't raise her eyes to meet his when he entered the room.

Rosina's heart was pounding in her chest as she heard the door close. She could feel his presence, she could feel the heat of his stare and her pussy got that much wetter because of it. Rosina shouldn't be here and she knew it, she should be in her own room, logically. What was she doing here in Owen's room, knowing what it meant! It was too late now, he was there and blocking the only exit, or was he? She could rush out the window and escape this madness; she didn't really want to be her brother's Slave, did she? What was she doing here, waiting for him to claim her? And why had he not said anything yet? The wait was killing her! If he was going to do it, do it quick, put her out of her misery already. If her destiny was to be her brother's Slave then get it over with quick; like taking off a band-aid, you do it fast not slow. Rosina let out a huff of dissatisfaction but otherwise remained silent and still.

Owen closed the door and leaned up against it, looking his sister over in disbelief. There she was, Rosina; she was sitting on his bed, looking quite small, with her hands folded in her lap. Her eyes were looking down and she hadn't looked up to him yet. Even though he hadn't done anything to her yet, she was already submitting to him. Owen chuckled to himself, that his mother was right, Rosina was a submissive; dominating her would be easy. It still seemed unreal that he was about to make his kid sister his Slave. A week ago he had never looked at either his mother or sister in a sexual way. Now his eyes walked over Rosina's body and liked what he saw. Rosina then let out a huff and Owen knew that he had to get things moving.

"So, you're actually here in my room," Owen said with a self-satisfied tone of voice as he walked toward Rosina.

"Yes, Sir," Rosina said meekly and quietly, not looking up yet.

"You know what that means, don't you?" Owen asked with a cocky tone of voice as he stopped and stood right in front of Rosina, who still hadn't moved.

"Yes, Sir," Rosina said and tensed up, cringing as she sat there, waiting for Owen to do or say something.

Don't make her say it! Don't make her say it! Don't make her say it! Rosina kept repeating the phrase in her mind as she sat there with Owen standing before her, larger than life. She felt small and insignificant in his powerful presence, and kept feeling smaller, the longer he stood there. The feeling was a great rush of wicked excitement but also a source of great fear. She was going to cry if he didn't do something to break the tension soon.

"Well, I Owen Thompson, do hereby claim you, Rosina Thompson as my Slave, to serve me faithfully until death," Owen said in a commanding tone of voice down to Rosina.

Rosina didn't move or acknowledge the statement at all; wrong thing to do. Owen reached down and grabbed a clump of Rosina's hair at the back of her head and jerked it down. The motion forced a, now terrified Rosina to look up into Owen's eyes, who brought his face so close that their noses almost touched. Owen's face was right over her face as she looked almost straight up, his face loomed over hers, she felt like she was looking into the face of a god. The stern look on Owen's face made it clear that he was not pleased with her.

"I AM YOUR MASTER!" Owen shouted, his face still an inch from hers. "Is that clear, Slave?" Owen asked in a calmer tone of voice.

"Yes, Sir," Rosina squeaked out, panic gripping her heart.

"What did you call me?" Owen snarled as he tugged on Rosina's hair, causing her scalp to scream in pain.

"MASTER! Yes Master," Rosina said and sobbed a few cries before she stopped her tears.

"Better," Owen replied with a sultry and pleased tone of voice as a broad, satisfied smile crept across his face. "Do you willingly submit yourself to me? Do you pledge yourself to my service, until death, Slave?" he asked with a stern, yet calm tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said with a tear forming in the corner of her eye, her rational mind was sobbing.

"As my Slave, do you swear to serve your Master faithfully? Will you do anything I command, without question? Will your sole purpose in life to see me pleased with you?" Owen asked with a firm tone of voice, damn-well knowing the answer.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said and looked up into his eyes, her apprehension and fear started to subside.

While Rosina didn't feel any different, she didn't feel like the word "SLAVE" had been tattooed across her forehead, she knew something inside her had changed. She looked up at Owen's eyes and started to see him differently, he looked so powerful, so commanding, towering over her, the only word that fit was, Master. Her rational part of her mind was screaming for her to leave and forget this nonsense, but the dark part of her soul, the part that she knew was the source of the dreams, was sighing in contentment. While her rational mind panicked, her deep-seated need to submit and be dominated was elated and happy to have a Master. A loving smile crept across her face as she looked up to the man she wanted to serve, her Master. She, Rosina Thompson, was now the Slave of her brother, and so far, she loved it. She started to feel content and complete, knowing that the difficult choices in her life was no longer hers to make, her Master would look out for her, take care of her. All she had to do was obey her Master, and serve him faithfully.

"I think it's time that your Master got a good look at his new Slave, don't you?" Owen asked with a smirk on his face as he stood up and backed away from Rosina.

"Yes, Master!" Rosina said and her eyes lit up with excitement and fear.

"Then get those clothes off, NOW!" Owen said as he grasped Rosina by the shoulder and shoved her up and off the bed in one motion.

Owen sat down on the bed calmly and watched Rosina fumble with her clothes. She was so nervous that she had trouble getting her T-shirt off. She pulled the slim-fitting garment up and over her head. She tossed it down on the floor by the door before she reached up to the centre of her bra and unfastened the garment, slipping it off her shoulders. Her small breasts came into view, they suited her slender, athletic build but were by many standards quite small. With shaky finger she unbuttoned her pants and hooked her thumbs in the waistband of her panties. With a wiggle of her hips and a steady tug, the pants and panties came down and off her body. The socks were next and there Rosina stood, nude before her brother for the first time since they took baths together when they were toddlers.

Rosina looked into Owen's eyes, desperate to know what he thought of her body. What did her Master think of her body? Did he think she looked like a boy, like so many guys told her? Rosina didn't know what she would do if Owen told her that she was ugly, skinny or just didn't appeal to him. She knew that she didn't have her mother's large breasts or accentuated, hourglass figure. Rosina couldn't help the way she was built, she was the way she was, wasn't that enough? Why did everyone have to look the same before they were considered beautiful? Rosina's mind was going a mile a minute, she didn't hear Owen's command the first time, he had to repeat it.

"I said turn around!" Owen commanded in a stronger tone of voice and slowly Rosina turned on the spot. "Damn, Slave you have the tightest little body I have ever seen! You have one killer ass!" he said with a genuinely impressed look on his face.

Rosina's eyes snapped to look at her Master and she scrutinized his face for a full minute. She wanted to believe that her body pleased him. It was important to her that he found her body to be appealing, but couldn't stand be lied to, or made fun of. The look on his face made it clear that he was serious, he loved her body, he thought she was hot! Her Master thought she was hot! That was all she needed to know, he loved and accepted her, just as she was.

"Thank you, Master," Rosina said with wet eyes of absolute satisfaction and gratitude.

"Now, get over here and remove my clothes, Slave," Owen said with a calm yet confident tone of voice.

Rosina started to move before she told herself to, she was eager to see Owen nude. Rosina's excitement grew as each piece of her Master's clothes were removed. She loved running her hands over her masculine body. Her joy and lust trickled down her leg and was obvious for the world to see and smell as she kneeled down to pull off Master's pants. When his underwear came off she was still kneeling before him, her eyes never left his cock. She drew a quick breath as she looked at the thick cock with worshipful reverence. She glanced up to his face and smiled a nervous smile to the now nude Owen.

"Suck it, Slave, show me you know how to suck cock," Owen said with a sneer as the cock Rosina was looking at twitched in anticipation.

The fun screeched to a halt all of a sudden for Rosina. It was one thing to play at being his Slave, call him Master, strip for him, strip him, but it was quite another to actually have sex with him. The rational part of Rosina's brain kicked up enough of a fuss that Rosina started to panic. Her eyes got wide, and no longer did she look at Owen's cock with excitement but rather fear. With terror in her eyes Rosina got up and bolted for the door.

"SLAVE GET BACK HERE!" Owen shouted and Rosina slowed down but did not stop her rush for the door.

Rosina had just grasped the doorknob and pulled the door open a foot or so by the time Owen reached the door. He pushed on it to slam it shut so hard that the doorknob slipped out of Rosina's hand. She spun around quickly and looked up into an incensed Owen's face. Rosina feared for her life and her mind froze, and she trembled before him. Silently, Owen reached up and grasped Rosina by the back of the neck and directed her back to the bed. When Owen sat down on it but kept his knees together in front of him, Rosina knew what was going to happen. Rosina fought and punched Owen everywhere she could get a hand in as she was swiftly directed over his lap. Even though she was over his lap, Rosina still fought and punched Owen to let her up.

Seeing his belt down on the floor gave Owen a wicked idea. He picked it up and before Rosina knew what was happening the belt was cinched up around her neck like a collar and leash. It was a braided belt so that he was able to tighten it up around her neck but he only did so loosely, he just wanted to keep her under control, not kill her. Rosina clawed at the makeshift collar but couldn't undo it. Owen pulled the leash and with a gasp, Rosina rose to her feet and was directed around the room by collar. Rosina's fear and shock kept her in line for the moment; she didn't know what she had gotten herself into. Owen rushed toward the closet and fished out one of his less favorite neckties. Roughly he pushed Rosina, face first against the wall, pulling her hands behind her back. Quickly and effectively he tied her hands together, behind her before she could pull them away.

"You did this to yourself, Slave. If you would only behave this would go much easier on you," Owen growled as he kept Rosina's body pressed against the wall, while she struggled for a moment more.

"This isn't funny anymore, Owen, let me go!" Rosina said in amongst the tears that flowed down her face at the moment. She struggled against her bonds and Owens grip, but it was no use.

"When you stop fussing about, we can begin your punishment, Slave," Owen said with a calm and determined tone of voice.

For the next few minutes Rosina cried, begged, fought and struggled to get free, but she couldn't. The rational part of Rosina's mind was in charge and fighting to get free before it was too late. That part of Rosina knew that if this evening went the way it feared, there would be no turning back. Rosina's body however grew tired of the fight and struggled less and less, until eventually it gave out and Rosina just stood there motionless, pressed up against that wall.

"Are we ready to receive our punishment?" Owen asked in the same, calm and firm tone of voice.

"Yes," Rosina snapped back in a huff. Owen cleared his throat, loudly. "Yes, Master," she added in a slightly snippy tone of voice that Owen chose to ignore.

Gently, Owen led Rosina back to the bed by her arm and sat down on the bed, like before. Without a word, Owen directed Rosina to lay across his lap, she shot him a defiant glare but complied all the same. She didn't struggle this time and just lay motionless, waiting for the spanking to begin.

"I know you're new and I am trying to be lenient on you, but you seem to have a problem listening but let's see if you understand the basics. Tell me, why are you being punished?" Owen asked in a slightly perturbed tone of voice.

"Because I won't suck your cock," Rosina said in an angry tone of voice.

"Yes, but more specifically because you disobeyed a direct command by me to suck my cock and then you tried to leave before I told you, you could go. That is two offences, so you must be punished for both. Your actions have earned you ten spanks," Owen said with an authoritative tone of voice.

"TEN! FUCK YOU!" Rosina shouted and started to get up. Owen pulled down on the leash and a coughing Rosina was pulled back down across Owen's lap. "Since I know you watched me spank Taryn, I know you know what is expected of you, but I will refresh your memory. You are to count off each spank and thank me for it, if you fail to do either, the spank doesn't count, got it?" Owen said and raised his hand above Rosina's ass.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said through gritted teeth.

Just get through this, do what you have to, to get through this, Rosina told herself. So your brother is going to spank you, just be a good girl and when he unties you, you can run for the door. This whole thing was a mistake, a mistake she wouldn't have to do again. Rosina's logical mind was fighting to stay in control of Rosina. The greatest challenge for its supremacy was coming up and it didn't even know it.

Whack! Owen's hand came down on the unsuspecting ass of Rosina and she howled in pain and shock. Owen waited for a second before he brought his hand down again with a resounding smack that filled the room. It wasn't until the third one landed that Rosina realized that she hadn't counted any of the spanks. So when the fourth one landed she forced herself to speak up.

"One! Thank you, Master," Rosina called out after the forth spank landed.

After each following spank landed Rosina felt something different growing inside her. Once the last spank had been landed Rosina felt so very different. Her pussy was dripping, for one and now that the spanks were over she kinda missed them. The pain was double-edged, it hurt but in a wicked way, a deliciously naughty way that called out to that dark part of her soul. It was that dark part of her soul that told her that she had been a bad Slave and that she deserved the punishment she got. Tears formed in Rosina's eyes as the regret hit her that she had hurt her Master by her disobedience. The submissive part of Rosina was winning the battle for Rosina, that much was clear by what she said next.

"I'm sorry that I disobeyed you, Master, can you forgive me?" Rosina said in a teary admission of what she considered to be her despicable behavior.

"You have disobeyed, you have been punished, the matter is now closed," Owen said with a pleased tone of voice as he gently rubbed Rosina's ass to soothe the pain of the spanking.

"You are most gracious, Master. Does that mean you'll untie me now?" Rosina asked with a hopeful tone of voice as she looked over her shoulder.

"No, that you have to earn," Owen said with a confident tone of voice. "Now, let's try this again, suck my cock, Slave," he added with a firm tone, to make sure she knew he meant it.

"Yes, Master," Rosina replied meekly.

Rosina's logical mind shouted at her to run for the door, but her submissive-self was still in control. Rosina slid off his lap and walked on her knees around until she was kneeling between Owen's widespread legs. She looked at the cock once more and knew this would be much more difficult with her arms tied behind her back. She looked up at Owen and smiled, hoping to relay her will to comply, along with her desire to please him.

Rosina leaned forward and brought her lips to the head of the, thick, hard cock before her that was ever so slightly pointing down. Once she got the large head in her mouth she lifted it up until the cock was standing out straight. She lowered her mouth on his cock and the fat head went further into her mouth. When the head hit the entrance to her throat, Rosina gagged and pulled back. Again she slowly lowered her mouth on his cock, taking about half of it in her mouth before she gagged and had to pull back. Slowly Rosina bobbed her mouth on his cock and was starting to get into the act of pleasing her Master when things took a sharp turn.

"You have talent, Slave, I'll give you that, but you suck too slow. Let me show you how it's done," Owen said as he reached up to the sides of her head.

Before Rosina knew what he was talking about he had a firm grasp on her head from either side of it. He pulled her head toward his groin and Rosina freaked when the cock hit the back of her mouth. He pulled her off of his cock until just the head was inside. Again he pulled her mouth back down his cock before he pulled her off. Rosina relaxed and let her head be directed around by Owen, and she found that she liked it. As Owen took control of the blowjob, Rosina could relax and surrender herself to the moment and therefore to him. She was content to be used for his pleasure, she was a mouth for him to fuck, nothing more. Rosina growled with lust as she delighted in being nothing but a piece of meat for her Master to toy with and use anyway he wished. The delight of being controlled and dominated started to really reveal itself to Rosina during that blowjob.

The intensity of the blowjob was too much for Owen as well it seemed as it didn't take long for him to reach his peak. Without telling her to, or without warning, Owen pulled her mouth off of his cock until just the head was inside her mouth and held her head firm as his cock exploded. Quickly Rosina's mouth filled with cum and she had to quickly swallow it to make room for more. The fact that Rosina had never let a man finish off in her mouth was not a remote concern for her now as she quickly and happily swallowed her Master's cum again and again. Once Owen's cock was spent, he let go of her head and she let it slip from her mouth, looked up to him.

"That was great, Slave," Owen said in a satisfied tone of voice with a magnanimous smile on his face. "Suck it hard again, I'm gonna need it hard to fuck you, and I will fuck you, Slave," Owen said with a determined growl in his voice.

"Yes, Master!" Rosina squealed with excitement.

Rosina lunged forward and took his cock in her mouth and sucked hard on it as she bobbed up and down. She was eager to get her Master hard again, because she wanted to see what the thick cock could do to her little pussy. Her logical mind was weeping in a corner, begging for some sane part of Rosina to but it back in control again. This was getting too real, this was going too far! Sucking him off was about as far as it could go, but to fuck him was crossing a line. To actually fuck her brother was way too intimate, twisted and sick to be allowed to happen! The fact remained that the submissive-self of Rosina was firmly in control at the moment and the dripping wet pussy agreed that it wanted the fat cock!

"Good enough, Slave, get on the bed, on your knees," Owen said as he stood up and got out of Rosina's way.

Rosina struggled to stand up and get on the bed with her arms still tied behind her back. Once she got on the bed she flopped over and her face crashed into the mattress. Her ass was sticking up in the air lewdly but she was across the bed diagonally. Owen picked up Rosina's hips and turned her until she was in line with the length of the bed. He got up behind her and positioned himself to mount her. 

"Are you ready, Slave?" Owen asked with a cocky tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Rosina moaned as she felt the head of his cock sliding down her slit, toward her clitoris.

"I'm going to fuck you now, do you want that?" Owen asked with a firm tone of voice.

"YES, MASTER!" Rosina cried out with such intensity that it shocked even her.

Owen just chuckled in reply and he quickly lined his cock up with Rosina's pussy and pushed. He felt like he was entering a virgin, she was so tight, he paused just after entering her and waited before pressing into her some more. Rosina just let out a growl that sounded almost like a cross between cat purr and a lusty growl.

"FUCK! You're so big, Master! Don't stop! More! Give me more!" Rosina called in a needy moan as she started to thrust back toward Owen.

In reply, Owen steadily pushed forward and Rosina continued to purr as more of his cock sank into her virgin-tight pussy. Finally, Owen hit bottom and all of his thick cock was inside Rosina, and he remained still for a moment. Both Rosina and Owen marveled at the exquisite sensations that just the entry had given them. Rosina was so tight that Owen almost lost it just pushing it into her. He needed a moment to calm down just as Rosina needed a moment to get used to his substantial girth. After a moment, Owen pulled back and almost out of Rosina's pussy before he shoved his fat cock back into her. Once more she purred and moaned as Owen repeatedly fucked Rosina in slow, steady strokes. She was so tight that fast strokes just weren't possible at the moment. A few times Owen had to stop for a moment for fear he would cum too soon. The tight pussy of Rosina was quite intense and very different from the way that Taryn's pussy felt.

Rosina was out of her mind from the moment that Owen's fat cock split her slit and started to enter her most intimate of places. She had expected the sex to be good and knew that his fat cock would make it that much more pleasurable. This went way beyond anything in her wildest fantasies! Her whole body was on fire as he slowly stroked her pussy with what felt like the blunt end of a baseball bat! Rosina never stopped making some kind of noise the entire time that she was fucked. If Owen was afraid that he would cum first he needn't have worried, for the intensity of the slow, grinding fuck was working her quickly into a frenzy. Her pussy started to quake and quiver at first and then her whole body started to shake and thrash about as her orgasm hit her full force. Rosina let out a howl that sounded like a cat in heat and he had little choice but to stop fucking her. His cock was held in place from a quivering pussy in midst of orgasm. Owen could only take so much of the hot pussy milking his cock before he exploded into Rosina's pussy.

Tears flowed down Rosina's face as she felt the first waves of his cum hitting the insides of her pussy. They were not tears of pain or regret but of joy, it was the most intensely romantic moment of her life. She felt such an intense wave of love for him at that moment that it overwhelmed her and she cried. Rosina loved him, she really loved Owen not as a brother, or even as a lover, she loved him as a Slave loves a Master. Her love for him was closer to worship from a disciple to a god. She knew that she could never leave him, she could never refuse him anything. Her fall down into the depraved world of incestuous Slavery was complete; there was no going back for Rosina. Yet one thing would finally seal her bond to her Master for all time. There was one more thing she could give him to signify her complete and total submission to him.

"Fuck my ass, Master," Rosina sobbed out as her crying started to subside.

"What?" Owen asked in confusion as he pulled his slick cock from her tight pussy.

"Please, fuck my ass, Master!" Rosina repeated, a little more strenuously.

"Why?" Owen asked curiously as he looked down at Rosina who turned her head to the side in order to try and look at him.

"Make it complete, make my submission to you complete!" Rosina mewed out in a dreamy tone of voice as she tried to return her emotions to an even keel.

"What do you mean, Slave?" Owen asked, unsure of the connection.

"You've taken my mouth, fucked it, and cum in it. You've taken my, pussy, fucked it, and cum in it. Now take my ass, fuck it, and cum in it. Then and only then will I be completely, undeniably yours, Master. Make it complete, make your dominance over me complete, Master," Rosina pleaded in an urgent tone of voice.

"Okay, but it'll hurt!" Owen said as he lined up his now hard again cock up with her asshole.

"I'm sure it will, Master. Nobody has ever fucked me there, you're my first; I want you to be the first to fuck my ass. Do it, I don't care about the pain, Master, please just fuck my ass, I need it!" Rosina said in a mournful tone of voice and Owen wasn't sure if she wasn't about to cry.

Owen figured his cock was slick enough from the intense fuck he had just received from her tight pussy. Slowly, and steadily he pushed forward, trying to force the fat head of his thick cock into her tight little rear. For a moment they both thought that it wasn't going to happen but Rosina focused on relaxing, and Owen kept pushing. Suddenly her back door gave way and the head slid into her ass, and Rosina let out a cry of pain and shock. Owen remained still and stroked the back of Rosina, whose hands were still tied up at this point. When she looked over her shoulder and nodded, Owen pushed forward and sank a little more of his cock into her ass. After a few inches had gone in, Owen withdrew until only the head was inside before he pushed back inside. Rosina let out a deep, guttural moan when she felt the first fucking of her ass. Owen didn't go any further into her ass than before on this stroke or the next. Slowly he fucked her ass with only a few inches of his cock, every so often he would push just a little further into her ass and then fuck that depth for a while. Eventually all of Owen's cock made it into Rosina's ass. She let out a victorious sigh when she felt Owen's stomach rest against the cheeks of her ass.

That was when the real fucking began, for Owen withdrew his cock like before but pushed it back in, much harder and faster than before. Again and again he forced his thick cock up her ass and the pain was intense but that only seemed to enhance the pleasure. Rosina was happy to give this to her Master, she was happy to give her ass to him. The fact that it hurt her only made the gift that much more special. The pain was subsiding now and the wicked pleasure was more than she could have expected. The hard and fast ass-fucking was fast driving her toward another orgasm. It was having the same effect on Owen it seemed, for he was the first to cum this time as he slammed into her ass one last time.

"OH GAAAWD, CUUMMING!" Owen shouted as he let loose a torrent of cum deep into her ass.

Rosina felt the first ropes of cum hit the deepest part of her bowels and the knowledge of the wicked place that cock was cumming, pushed her over the edge. Rosina cried out in a wordless affirmation of her own orgasm as her lithe body rocked in orgasm again that night. Tears flowed again as Master and Slave came together in a literal and real sense.

The logical part of Rosina knew that it had lost and the only thing left was servitude. It knew that its failure to save Rosina from a life of being a Slave to her brother was complete. There was only him now, she existed to serve him and bring him joy. She was to be used by him for whatever purpose was required to bring him pleasure. She was happy in that knowledge, that she was to serve her Master with complete devotion. The storm within her dissipated and Rosina was finally at peace, everything made sense to her now that she was a Slave and had accepted it.

"That was intense, Slave!" Owen gushed with adoration as his cock popped out of her ass leaving a large hole that slowly started to collapse.

"Thank you, Master," Rosina said over her shoulder with tears in her eyes. "I'm yours now, yours for all time, Master," she said with a satisfied mew as she looked at him with unmistakable love.

"You'd best get cleaned up," Owen said as he untied her hands, after seeing how messy she was.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said as she got up and walked as best she could with a sore and tender ass to the bathroom to do just that.

Owen looked down at the bed-sheets and saw how stained they were and knew they had to be changed. He had just started to pull the corners of the bottom sheet off the bed when Taryn looked into the room. She saw what he was doing and quickly disappeared from the doorway. When she returned she was holding a fresh set of sheets.

"I'll do that, Master!" Taryn chipped happily as she graciously brushed Owen aside and continued to make the bed. "How was it?" she asked with a sparkle of naughty curiosity as she looked at him over her shoulder.

"Intense!" Owen said with wide eyes as he nodded boldly.

"I should think so! I heard you two all the way downstairs, I still have to clean up the loveseat, I came all over it, thankfully it's leather and should wipe right up!" Taryn chuckled as she finished making the bed.

"Master?" Rosina said as she stood in the doorway of the room, looking down at the floor.

"Yes, Slave?" Owen asked Rosina but he noted that both Taryn and Rosina looked at him, expectantly.

"Can I sleep with you, tonight? I would love to hold you all night. These past few days have been hard on me," Rosina said and looked at the floor, ashamed for asking anything of her Master.

"Sure," Owen agreed with an understanding and gracious smile on his face.

"Are you sure that's a good idea, Master?" Taryn protested as respectfully as she could. "What about Richard?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

"When is the last time he ever stuck his head in my room at night?" Owen asked with a challenging tone of voice. "It'll be fine," he added confidently.

That was it before Taryn left the room and Owen and Rosina crawled into bed together. They snuggled up and held each other in the bed trying to get some sleep. Rosina was happy, blissfully happy. Not only did she have a Master, and felt complete because of it, but the pain and confusion of the last few days were gone. As she held her Master, peace and contentment reigned within Rosina; she fell asleep and slept like a baby, until morning.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 08
bypolyman©

Chapter Eight: The Giggle-Twins

"Mom!" Rosina said in a hushed tone as she shook her mother by the shoulder. "MOM!" she said again, slightly louder, while shaking her mother a little harder.

"What?" Taryn replied with the slur of a sleepy, groggy manner that next morning.

"I need help," Rosina replied in a quiet tone of voice and paused for a moment. "I need help making breakfast for Master," she added in an even quieter tone of voice.

"Don't call him that in front of your father!" Taryn hissed as her eyes shot open; she glared at her daughter who was kneeling beside Taryn's side of the bed.

"What else would I call Master, but Master?" Rosina asked with a most puzzled look on her face, genuinely confused over what she saw as a silly question.

Taryn groaned and rolled her eyes; Rosina had it bad, hopefully she would calm down a bit in a few days. It was almost cute to see such fervent devotion to their collective Master. She smiled at Rosina, stroked her head and pulled her daughter toward her and kissed the young woman on the forehead. Taryn got out of the bed and tossed her bathrobe as she ushered her daughter out of the bedroom.

"Don't you know how to make breakfast?" Taryn asked with a queer look on her face as she walked downstairs with her arm around Rosina's waist. "Why did you need to drag me out of bed?" she added with a slightly perturbed chuckle as she squeezed her daughter at the shoulder.

"I want to make Master breakfast in bed, exactly the same as you did Thursday morning," Rosina said with a slightly subdued manner. A smirk was on her face as she spoke, while she watched her mother out of the corner of her eye.

"You mean the morning after he made me his Slave," Taryn said with a mock-serious tone of voice but once their eyes met the two women burst into laughter.

Taryn felt happy that morning as she walked into the kitchen with her daughter. She felt closer to Rosina this morning than she had in a few years. It was odd, and to an outside, rational mind it was a sick situation inside the Thompson household, but the three of them were happy. Taryn felt a connection to her daughter for helping her through the difficult time that the past few days had been for Rosina. There was something else that bonded them together closer than most mothers and daughters, they had something very important in common: Owen.

"So what exactly did you make him for breakfast Thursday, do you remember?" Rosina asked with apprehension, hoping that she would be able to recreate that scene exactly.

"Yeah I do," Taryn said with a smile and a chuckle.

"Oh good!" Rosina said with a most relieved manner.

"This is really important to you, isn't it?" Taryn asked with a sincere tone of voice as she rummaged around in the cupboards, looking for pans.

"Yes it is," Rosina said with a firm tone of voice as she saw Taryn stand up with pan in hand.

"NO!" Rosina said as she took the pan out of Taryn's hand while wearing a scowl on her face. "I need to make breakfast, you just need to tell me what to do," Rosina said as she pointed at the kitchen table while looking at her mother, expectantly.

"Okay!" Taryn said as she released the pan and put her hands up in surrender.

Shortly after Taryn sat down at the table, Rosina placed a fresh cup of coffee in front of her mother. Taryn then told Rosina everything that she made for Owen that morning and Rosina quickly scribbled it down on some scrap paper. Taryn then watched Rosina as she started to cook breakfast, constantly checking the paper she wrote. There was a familiarity in the way she was constantly referring to the piece of paper. It reminded Taryn of herself that fateful Thursday morning when she did this while wondering what the hell she was doing. Rosina didn't have any of those doubts, it seemed. This morning after she appeared to be completely devoted to Owen and had no regrets or second thoughts about being his Slave. The abrupt change struck Taryn as odd, so she had to speak up and ask her daughter about it.

"How do you feel this morning, dear?" Taryn asked Rosina who still was cooking breakfast, monitoring every detail.

"I feel great, mom, finally at peace," Rosina said with a satisfied smile on her face as she looked at Taryn for a moment and smiled.

"Really, why?" Taryn asked curiously.

"Because there is no more conflict within me; I have accepted what I am." Rosina said with a relieved smile and genuinely looked at peace.

"And what is that?" Taryn asked a might obvious question, but wanted to hear Rosina explain, in her own words. "I am a Slave to Master," Rosina replied with a strange look on her face that she gave to her mother.

"How do you fell about that, dear? Do you regret it? Is it still what you want?" Taryn asked and chuckled inside as she knew that she was beginning to sound like a therapist, rather than a mother.

"I LOVE IT!" Rosina gushed, "I am no longer in pain because of it; you saw in me what I couldn't accept. You got me to see that I couldn't run away from what was ingrained deep within me. Master then broke me, and made me accept what I am, and he forced me to take my rightful place at his feet." Rosina said with a teary-eyed admission of genuine honesty that Taryn couldn't deny.

"But are you really happy as Master's Slave?" Taryn asked, still unable to accept that Rosina could have accepted her servitude to quickly.

"I am not filled with pain anymore, I only feel love! I love Master for taking that terrible pain out of my heart. I am forever grateful to him, and you because of it." Rosina said as she looked at her mother with tears in her eyes and a look of joy on her face.

"Me?" Taryn replied with a start.

"I never would have seen my way out of the darkness if you hadn't shown me the light. You helped me realize what I needed and why I was really in such pain. Because of our talk, I realized that I was in pain because I didn't want to accept what I couldn't deny. Thank you mom for helping me through this," Rosina said as she walked toward Taryn and Taryn stood up to hug her daughter.

"I knew you were hurting, I just didn't know why. I only wanted to help you through that terrible time. I hope that you won't regret the decision you made," Taryn said with a sincere look of regret on her face as she looked into Rosina's eyes while she held her daughter's head in her hands.

"If it is a mistake, mom, we'll find out together, won't we?" Rosina added with a conspiratorial grin which forced the pair to giggle uncontrollably.

That comment broke the tension so after they stopped laughing, Rosina returned her attention to breakfast while Taryn gave her some pointers on cooking. It was a special time between mother and daughter that they both enjoyed. Even Rosina felt happy, knowing that she was starting to reconnect with her mother. It was a much needed time that both needed and the pair chatted like old friends. They even discussed their sexual experiences with Owen and giggled like schoolgirls as they described the pleasures they had known so-far.

Before long, Rosina ascended the stairs that Tuesday morning and waited for Taryn to open the door. Taryn had wanted to leave Rosina to wake Owen on her own, but Rosina insisted she come in with her. Rosina had also originally intended to spend the time with just her and her Master. However, that changed after the wonderful time she had just had with her mother making the breakfast. Now, it didn't seem right to just cut her mother out of the special time with their Master. Both women stood for a moment inside the closed door and looked at the sleeping Owen. They thought that the closing of the door would wake him up, but that didn't do it. Rosina looked at Taryn and wondered what they should do next.

"Put that down over there, I know how to wake him up," Taryn said to Rosina with a wink as she pointed at Owen's dresser.

"Sure," Rosina replied in a giddy and knowing manner as she did just as her mother said.

Taryn pulled back the sheets covering Owen's sleeping body. When Owens flaccid cock came into view, both mother and daughter looked at it with satisfied reverence for their favorite male member. The looked at each other and instantly knew that they were thinking the same thing and giggled together. Taryn leaned over the end of the bed, on the side of the bed closest to the wall, making sure that her head was at Owen's crotch. She looked at Rosina and motioned for her daughter to join her on the bed. Rosina did the same on the other side of Owen and both mother and daughter looked at each other and the cock that they were about to share. Rosina looked at Owen's cock and then at Taryn, with a sparkle in her eye and an expectant look on her face.

Taryn winked at her daughter and grasped the cock in her hand, flipping the soft cock up so that she could get her lips around it. Taryn sucked hard on the soft cock and bobbed her head up and down on the cock she loved so much. Since it was soft, she didn't need to push it down her throat, but she gave her all when sucking her Master's sleeping cock. Even asleep, Owen moaned his approval to Taryn's oral ministrations and his cock also stiffened to show its approval. When it was hard, Taryn then began to deep-throat the cock and this fact was not lost on an astonished Rosina.

"How the fuck do you do that without choking?" Rosina asked in amazement as Owen's cock slid down Taryn's throat with ease.

"You need to relax your throat, and just force yourself to ignore the gagging reflex," Taryn said plainly as she pulled her mouth off Owen's cock, to explain this to her daughter. "Here, you try," she said as she held the slick cock upright and looked at Rosina in anticipation.

Rosina leaned over and took Owen's cock in her hand and wrapped her lips around his cockhead. Rosina lowered her head down on his cock until the head hit the back of her mouth. Once the head hit the entrance to her throat she gagged and started to cough. Undaunted, Rosina tried to relax and open her throat and pushed her mouth down again. She was able to get the head into the entrance of her throat before she gagged so badly that she had to pull her mouth off his cock as she coughed up a storm.

"That's as far as I can go," Rosina huffed her disappointment as her coughing fit subsided.

"Well, the first time it went down my throat, Master forced it there. We could try the same thing with you, if you'd like? I could push your head down on his cock, that might help you get past it, wanna try?" Taryn asked Rosina calmly, as if she were talking to her daughter about helping her with homework.

"Yeah! That would be great, I really want to learn to take him all the way down my throat like you!" Rosina said with excitement before she wrapped her lips around the cock once more.

Rosina lowered her mouth on his cock until she had as much of it as she could get inside, comfortably. She glanced at Taryn who took that as a signal to begin pushing, so she reached up and grasped the sides of her daughter's head. Slowly Taryn helped Rosina shove that fat cock down her throat. When the cockhead slipped into the entrance of her throat, Rosina gagged and her body fought the invader. Taryn never let up the pressure until the whole of her son's cock was down her daughter's throat. Rosina was not at all comfortable with the thick shaft and fat head down her throat and was gagging something fierce. When the cock was pulled out of her throat she had to spit it out and coughed again. Tears were in her eyes as she looked over at her mother with a frustrated look.

"Sorry mom, I just can't handle it like you," Rosina said in a defeated tone of voice. She was saddened that she couldn't suck her Master's cock as good as she felt she should.

"It takes time and practice dear, you did have it down your throat that time, you just need to get used to it. Don't worry dear, it'll come," Taryn said in a motherly manner of reassurance, and Rosina took some comfort in that.

"Thanks mom," Rosina said with a genuinely satisfied smile that mother and daughter shared for a tender moment.

Owen had been awake for a little bit but couldn't help but look at the bizarre scene unfolding at his crotch. There lying on either side of him was both of his Slaves, his mother and his sister. His mother was teaching his sister how to deep-throat him, and they were carrying on like it was the most natural thing in the world. Owen thought it was incredibly hot and loved the sight of both of the beautiful women in his family taking turns pleasing him. Both women looked at each other and the cock, both feeling naughty. They leaned in and started to lick the cock from either side, their tongues touching briefly and randomly.

"That is a sight I could get used to!" Owen said with a cheeky tone of voice and a shit-eating grin on his face as he looked down at Taryn and Rosina.

"Good morning, Master," both Taryn and Rosina said in a sultry chorus. The sound caused a shiver of wicked pleasure to shoot through Owen.

"Good morning, Slaves," Owen replied and the same wicked shiver shot through Taryn and Rosina.

the trio looked at each other for a moment before Owen said, "Did you come in here to start my day right or was there something else you wanted?"

"Right, you sit upright," Taryn said to Owen with a motherly sounding tone of voice, "You feed him while I take care of this," she added before giving his cock a long lick.

In less than a minute everything had been done as Taryn instructed. Owen was sitting up, leaning against the headboard. Rosina was feeding Owen just like Taryn had done almost a week ago. Taryn herself had settled herself between Owen's widespread legs and was leisurely sucking his cock. Needless to say, Owen was in heaven and couldn't imagine wanting to leave that bed anytime soon.

"Oh, Slave that's great," Owen said in a satisfied and gratified tone of voice with a mouthful of breakfast.

Both Taryn and Rosina looked at him with a broad smile on their faces. It was clear that they both thought that he had just praised her for what she was doing. Owen knew then that calling them both 'Slave' wasn't going to work. How would they know who he was talking to and who he wasn't? He thought about using their names but how would they know when he was talking to them normally and when he was giving them an order? He knew then that he had to give them nicknames, names that each would know he would use when he was giving them an order but others would think was just a pet name within the family. Owen thought the problem over for a bit longer, while Taryn sucked his cock and Rosina fed him breakfast.

"Slaves, we have a problem," Owen said with a contemplative tone of voice.

"What's that, Master?" Rosina asked first, as Taryn's mouth was full of Owen at the time.

"I can't call you both 'Slave' because you won't know who I am referring to," Owen said in a calm tone and paused for a brief moment before he continued. "For that reason, I will give you each a pet name. When I use that name you will know that I am giving you an order as your Master. When I use your real name, you know that I am talking to you normally as just plain Owen, understand?" Owen asked and looked at both Taryn and Rosina, expecting an answer from each of them.

"Sure, Master," Rosina replied as she gathered up more breakfast on her fork.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said as she took his cock out of her mouth long enough to speak.

"You, Rosie I will call 'Cat', because of the catlike sounds you made while we fucked last night," Owen said to Rosina plainly and Taryn choked on Owen's cock as she had to laugh at the humorous truth of what he said.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said, feeling a little embarrassed and made fun of at the moment.

"You, Taryn I will call 'Big Red' or 'Red' for short, because of your beautiful, long, red hair and your great big tits!" Owen said with feeling to Taryn, this time it was Rosina's turn to laugh and Taryn's turn to feel embarrassed.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied respectfully in any event.

"Rosie, after collage, you are to stop by the spa and have you're pussy trimmed," Owen said to Rosina before he turned to look at Taryn. "See that it's trimmed properly and to my specifications, understand?" Owen said to Taryn with a definite and expectant tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied with calm manner as she nodded her head to signal her agreement.

"Take the car with you and both of you are to stay at the spa until I get there." Owen said to Taryn in a firm tone of voice.

"Yes, Master, but why?" Taryn asked with a confused tone of voice.

"Because I am taking my two special ladies out tonight, so make sure you both pack a change of clothes for dinner and a movie," Owen said with a magnanimous smile on his face.

"Thank you, Master!" Taryn and Rosina squealed with excitement at the prospect of going out with Master.

"That was great breakfast, Cat, absolutely delicious!" Owen said with an appreciative tone of voice as Rosina moved the tray of empty dishes to the dresser.

"Thank you, Master" Rosina said as she returned to the bed and cuddled up to Owen.

"Don't think I didn't notice that you made me the same breakfast as Red did the morning after she became my Slave," Owen said to Rosina with a smile as he tossed Taryn a wink. "Was that your idea?" he asked Taryn with a cheeky tone of voice.

"No, Master, it was all her idea," Taryn said as she shook her head momentarily.

"Well, Cat, that breakfast was so good that I think you've earned a reward," Owen said with a wicked smile on his face as he glanced at Rosina, who was still hugging him tight from the side.

"Reward? No reward is needed, Master, I love serving you, that in itself is reward enough!" Rosina asserted strenuously with a slight frown on her face.

"Tough! You're getting one!" Owen said to Rosina before he turned to Taryn. "Move aside, Red, I just gotta have some more of Cat's tight pussy!" Owen said before he looked back at Rosina. "Get up here and ride my cock, nude, Cat!" Owen commanded.

Rosina tore off her bathrobe and hopped up to hover over Owen's cock so fast that she almost kicked Taryn in the head. Taryn had to move quite quickly and duck to get out of the way of the swinging right leg of Rosina. Rosina didn't pause at all as she hovered herself over Owen's cock, lined it up and sank down as quickly as she could go. The fat cock, still had a hard time sliding into the tight pussy, but eventually it did go all the way in. Rosina let out the purr that had given her the nickname 'Cat' as she sat on Owen's cock. Rosina looked over at Taryn with a look of pure bliss and after a few seconds the pair burst into a giggling fit. Mother and daughter knew well the joys of the cock that was in Rosina's pussy. It was that intimate knowledge that made their bond even stronger at that moment.

Taryn watched as Rosina bounced up and down on Owen's cock and she felt strange as her children fucked right before her eyes. She watched Owen's cock slide in and out of Rosina's pussy, her eyes fixated on their joining. The thing that struck Taryn as the oddest thing was that she had no problem with this act. She should be angry with her Master for fucking another woman, but she wasn't; she didn't feel threatened. She should be angry and disgusted for her son to be fucking her daughter so boldly, right in front of her, but it seemed natural. She was in love with her son, as a lover and as a Master; she only wanted the best for him. She also loved her daughter, more so now than she ever had before, if that was possible; she only wanted the best for her too. Taryn knew first hand how good a man and Master that Owen was, so why shouldn't Owen make Rosina happy as well? As two people she loved as family and more fucked right before her, she wasn't angry or disgusted, but turned on. Taryn had only walked over to Owen and kissed him when Richard's alarm clock brought the outside world crashing into their private world. 

"I'd better get out there and start breakfast for Richard," Taryn said with a disappointed sigh, while tearing herself away from Owen. "You two better finish up quickly, Richard will expect to see the pair of you getting ready for the day . . . like brother and sister!" Taryn said as she looked between Owen and Rosina who were still fucking.

"Yeah, I know," Owen admitted as he slammed up into a descending Rosina's pussy.

"And you'd better keep quiet, you sound like a Cat in heat!" Taryn said in a scolding chuckle as she shook her finger playfully at Rosina.

"What are you talking about; I am a Cat in heat!" Rosina said with a sultry tone of voice before she let out, her now trademark, moaning-purr.

"You are a horny little bitch aren't you?" Taryn laughed as she leaned in and kissed Rosina on the lips.

"So are you!" Rosina shot back defensively and at that the pair giggled intensely.

"We're not talking about me!" Taryn laughed as she kissed Owen quickly on the lips before rushing to the door. "Now I really have to go!" Taryn said as she departed the room.

"How does she expect me to keep quiet when I have your cock stretching and stuffing my poor little pussy, Master?" Rosina moaned out in a needy whine as the pair continued to fuck in a steady rhythm.

"Listen! I know it's intense, I feel it too, but we need to keep quiet or Richard will burst in here and blow a gasket!" Owen growled as quietly as he could.

Owen reached up, grasped Rosina by the throat and pulled her down to kiss her. Rosina moaned into Owen's mouth as the pair fucked for a while yet, both breathing through their noses. The kiss was the longest that either of them had experienced in their lives as their lips never left contact. It was Owen's best attempt to keep Rosina quiet, but she still moaned up a storm.

Owen knew that they couldn't stand to be sequestered in private for much longer. Without warning, Owen grasped Rosina and flipped her over so that now she was on her back and he was on top of her. Owen put Rosina's legs over his shoulders and hammered away at her tight little pussy as fast as he could.

Rosina's eyes rolled back into her sockets as she fought with everything she had not to cry out. That added to the excitement of the act, knowing that one loud scream from her lips would cause their father to discover them in the act. She felt the wicked desire to cry out on purpose, to force the world to know what they were doing in that room and with whom.

It seemed that neither of them could handle the intense pleasure of the fuck for much longer, but it was Rosina who came first. She moaned a low, guttural moan that she tried to stifle as he locked her lips on Owen's shoulder. Her orgasm hit her hard and the fight to keep quiet is what made it last much longer than usual. Owen's cock was clamped in place by the constricting walls of Rosina's climaxing pussy. Like last night this was all it took to force Owen to erupt deep within his newest Slave's pussy. Breathlessly he collapsed on top of his sister, his Slave, his lover and the pair held each other as they recovered from their fucking.

"That was wonderful, Master," Rosina said dreamily as she stroked Owen's hair in a loving way.

"It was FUCKING AWESOME!" Owen said in an astonished and rapturous manner as he looked at Rosina with an awestruck look.

"We really should go though," Rosina said with a depressed tone of voice, not wanting to leave the bedroom, but knowing they needed to.

"That we do, Cat, that we do," Owen said as he got up, off the bed and scoped up Rosina's housecoat and tossed it at her.

Owen and Rosina kissed one last time before they went their own way to get ready for the day. Owen went into the main bathroom for his shower, Rosina snuck into their parent's bathroom to use their shower. Once each was ready for the day they walked down the stairs, one by one to join the family in the kitchen.

"Hello, sleepyhead, finally managed to tear yourself away from that bed?" Taryn asked Owen with a sparkle in her eye and a hidden, teasing tone to her voice as she stood by the stove.

"Yeah, as much as I would have loved to lay in bed all day, the day awaits," Owen replied as he gave Taryn a wink.

In reply Taryn looked at him and turned up the corners of her lips in a lustful grin. She even was daring enough to blow Owen a kiss, as Richard ate his breakfast, reading the paper. Owen just blew her a kiss back and smiled at her a wicked grin.

"Anything left, I could stand with a light breakfast," Owen said as plainly as he could and Taryn looked at him with an astonished look on her face and stifled a giggle but smirked heavily.

"Don't give him the last of breakfast, I'm starved!" Rosina said as she bounced and floated into the room. "Good morning, mom," she said in a chipper tone of voice as she walked up to Taryn and gave her a quick peck on the lips. "Good morning, daddy," Rosina said in a sweet little girl manner as she leaned over and kissed Richard on the cheek.

"Good morning, sweetie," Richard said as he looked up at Rosina with the look of a loving father. "Hungry eh? Just got out of bed and already worked up an appetite?" he chuckled as he watched Rosina sit down while taking a sip of his coffee.

"I don't know why but I tumbled out of bed with a wicked hunger," Rosina said as she snuck Owen a lusty look when Richard wasn't looking.

"I know what you mean," Owen replied with a naughty smirk on his face as he winked at Rosina.

Taryn then walked up to Rosina with her breakfast and scowled at her as she approached. As she put the plate down she managed to time her swat at the back of Rosina's head to the instant the plate touched down, so as to disguise the noise. Owen, Taryn and Rosina all smirked at each other and stifled a giggle. When Taryn delivered Owen's light breakfast, Owen had already taken the hint to settle down and had engaged Richard in idle conversation about news of the day. Taryn then approached with her breakfast and sat down between Richard and Owen.

Taryn got a sly smile from Rosina over the significance of her seating choice because Rosina was sitting right across from Taryn, in a similar position. The family chatted and visited for the brief time they had before each had to go their own way. As they chatted, Taryn and Rosina each decided to have a little fun with Owen. Both reached over with a foot each and ran it up the closest of Owen's leg. Each lady thought she was being unique and daring all on her own. When her foot got to Owen's crotch and felt another foot there, her eyes shot up at an instant. When her eyes fell on the shocked face of the woman sitting across the table to her, they couldn't help but giggle for a moment before quieting down. For his part own just gave each woman a conspiratorial smile as he continued to eat his breakfast with a smirk ever present on his face.

It wasn't much longer before the family split up and each went their own way for the day. Owen and Rosina went to College, but today they left together and only separated when they got to campus and had to go to their respective classes. Richard went to the office to burry himself in work and the hollow routine that was his day. Richard was the only family member who was still suffering and found relief in the distraction that was a full work schedule. Taryn went to work at the spa and liked leaving the house for work, even though she wasn't getting paid for it. The routine of a regular life outside of the house was an even larger payoff for Taryn.

The day passed well and quick and unlike yesterday, today Taryn found that even the most difficult of customers couldn't get under her skin. She was happy and content with herself and her life, as strange and odd as it may now seem to an outsider. Karen even noticed Taryn's good mood and tried to get Taryn to tell her the reason for her joviality. All Taryn would say is that she was enjoying life, now that she had an interest outside of home. That was partly the truth, her work at the spa did make her feel good, but that wasn't the real reason. It was her improved relationship with her children, albeit a bizarre and twisted one. Taryn couldn't deny that they all were much closer than they ever had been before.

Much to Taryn's surprise, Rosina showed up around three O'clock that afternoon. Rosina had a short day Tuesday, so she could show up at the spa a few hours before Owen would arrive. Unlike the casual, bare acknowledgment greeting that had become the norm over Rosina's teen years, this time she was excited to see her mother.

"MOM!" Rosina squealed with delight as she walked in the front door of the spa.

"ROSIE!" Taryn shouted with glee as she swiftly walked toward her daughter. "How was your day?" she asked as she embraced Rosina and hugged her tightly.

The pair giggled their glee and excitement for seeing each other as they sat down in two chairs in the waiting room. The fact that they had indeed missed each other so much was not lost on either of them. They chatted about their days and visited, appearing more like friends than mother and daughter. When Karen came out she almost had to do a double take for it was a pleasant surprise to see Taryn and Rosina chatting and giggling so energetically. They didn't notice Karen come out with the latest client, take her money. As the lady left there was a slight touch of envy on her face as she looked at the mother and daughter getting along so well.

"Well, aren't you a pair of giggle-twins?" Karen said in an astonished tone of voice, with a broad smile on her face. "I haven't seen you in a few years, Rosina, my how you've grown!" she added with a cheery smile on her face.

"You're being too kind, I haven't grown an inch in years and I still have the body of a thirteen year old boy!" Rosina huffed back with a disappointed scowl; it was a sore point with her.

"I can think of someone who might disagree with that last point," Taryn said in a sly, yet knowing tone of voice.

Rosina's eyes went wide as she realized her mother was talking about Owen. It filled her with a sense of satisfaction and joy knowing that at least one man thought she was attractive, and that man was her Master at that. She looked over at Taryn and the pair giggled once more, while Karen shook her head.

"Anyone I should know about?" Karen asked with interest and hope in hearing some good gossip.

"Sorry, our little secret," Taryn replied with a Cheshire-cat grin that she held for a moment before, once again, Taryn and Rosina giggled like schoolgirls.

"Fine, keep your secrets then!" Karen huffed as she rolled her eyes in mock offence. "Did you come here to entertain the customers or would you like a spa treatment, on your mother's nickel," she added and tossed Taryn a wink to make sure Taryn knew that it was free.

"Well if mom's paying, give me the works!" Rosina replied with glee, her whole being lit up.

As she disappeared into the back of the spa, she tossed Taryn a wink and blew her a kiss. Rosina was treated to the same round of spa treatments that Taryn was on her first visit to the spa. The spa treatment was something that Rosina had indulged herself in, once in a while but never the 'whole enchilada' like today. Rosina felt quite pampered and privileged, and by the end of it that she had a near permanent, satisfied smile on her face. When Karen and Rosina entered the bikini-waxing room, Rosina had only just given Karen the expected, odd look, when Taryn arrived.

"I'll do this part," Taryn said in a delicate manner to Karen who nodded her agreement but didn't say anything as she left the room.

On Friday of last week, one of the regular customers allowed Taryn to tag along during her visit. Karen had agreed to give her the full treatment at a reduced price in order to show Taryn how to do each and every station at the spa. Taryn was interested and if Taryn was skilled enough then they could handle twice as many customers. When Taryn asked to do the bikini-wax, while anyone else may have thought it was odd, she just realized that Taryn wanted the practice.

"Alright you, get out of that robe and hop up on the table," she added as she closed the door behind Karen and pointed at the exam table.

"Geez, are the stirrups really necessary?" Rosina chuckled as she removed her robe and approached the gynecological exam table.

"Absolutely, it keeps you from squirming!" Taryn said as she pulled up the stool and settled herself between Rosina's legs.

"So are you going to make me look like you?" Rosina asked with eager curiosity as she looked down to her mother who was examining her pussy up close.

"Yep, that was what I was supposed do to," Taryn said as she gathered up the necessary supplies to begin the waxing.

"You mean, that's what Master ordered, don't you?" Rosina said with glee in her voice as she eyed up her mother for a reaction.

"Don't call him that outside the house!" Taryn scolded Rosina as she began the waxing.

"I have to call him something! It doesn't feel right to call him 'Owen' when we're talking about him as 'Master.' What should I call him then?" Rosina said before she squealed in pain, as the waxing began.

"I don't know, but not that!" Tarn said with a slightly less perturbed manner as she continued the waxing.

"I mean, he has given us nicknames so he can refer to us as 'Slaves' in public without anyone knowing, why can't we give him a nickname so we can call him 'Master' in public?" Rosina asked curiously but when Taryn pulled the wax off Rosina didn't make a sound.

"Good idea, do you have any ideas on what to call him?" Taryn asked as she continued to perform the waxing.

For the next while both women thought of what nickname would be appropriate to give Owen. The waxing gave way to the pussy shaving, and then to the pubic hair trimming. For Taryn that was the most difficult, trimming Rosina's pubic hair into the required "O" shape. Taryn and Rosina should have been uncomfortable being in this intimate of contact to each other, but they weren't. Taryn was shaving and trimming her daughter's pussy and yet she wasn't unnerved by it. Neither was Rosina embarrassed to have her mother handle and trim up her most private of areas. There was a strange easiness with which they regarded each other's bodies that was not normal for mother and daughter. When Taryn was almost done Rosina let slip a purr that made it obvious that she was turned on.

"You are a horny little bitch aren't you?" Taryn chuckled as she finished up the last trim of Rosina's patch of pubic hair.

"Sorry, just the shaving and vibrations feel reeeeaaaaaal good!" Rosina added in a deep, guttural tone of voice as she shot her mother wide eyes, to further show her excitement.

Taryn looked into her daughter's eyes and she could tell that indeed Rosina was horny and needed to take the edge off. The sensible thing to do would be to leave the room and allow her daughter to finish herself off in private. Taryn looked up into Rosina's eyes and sighed while a smirk crept across her face. She reached into the lower drawer of the rolling cabinet and retrieved the vibrator that lived there.

"Not a word of this to anyone!" Taryn said while waving the vibrator at Rosina, giving her a stern look before she turned the buzzing pleasure device on.

"Are you gonna?" Rosina asked with shock and excitement as she watched her mother plunge the vibrator into her pussy. "Oh MOM!" Rosina moaned out in blissful satisfaction.

"Don't call me that NOW!" Taryn scoffed as she shot Rosina a dirty look.

"Sorry, Red, it just feels sooooo good!" Rosina said as she laid back and reveled in the wondrous sensations that filled her body.

"Damn, Cat, you are tight! How the hell does he even fit in here!" Taryn chuckled as she continued to thrust the vibrator in and out of her daughter's pussy.

"It feels like he splits me in two but DAMN does it feel incredible!" Rosina said with a look of reverence on her face as she looked down at her mother.

"He does have a gorgeous cock," Taryn admitted in a hushed tone of voice as she glanced up into her daughter's eyes and the pair giggled.

"Tell me about it, I still can't believe you get that fat thing down your throat!" Rosina chuckled as she let out another purr of satisfaction, while collapsing back on the exam table.

"Practice my dear, practice," Taryn purred in a naughty tone of voice as she shot Rosina a wink.

"Oh, Red, yes just like that!" Rosina moaned as quietly as she could while her lower body started to gyrate. "Cumming! Cumming, Red, you're making me cum!" Rosina hissed out, as her orgasm overtook her and her whole body shook and vibrated.

Taryn pulled the vibrator out of her daughter's quivering pussy only after Rosina's orgasm was over. As her daughter laid there legs spread and dripping, satisfied pussy, breathing heavy to catch her breath, a wicked thought flashed though Taryn's brain. It was a thought to lean forward and taste Rosina, but it vanished as quickly as it entered. Taryn stood up, tossed Rosina a towel that had been folded neatly on a pile across the small room.

"Do you feel better now? You'd best clean yourself up, dear," Taryn said as she leaned on a counter and waited for Rosina to stir.

"That was wonderful, just what I needed, Mom," Rosina said with a satisfied smirk on her face and a dreamy quality to her voice. "Kinky, hot and just what I needed, thanks," she added with a naughty wink to Taryn.

"Just remember, not a word of it to anyone, especially to 'you know who,' got it?" Taryn warned sternly as she shook her finger at Rosina while wearing a smirk that wouldn't go away.

"I GOT IT!" Rosina shouted as she bolted upright, after taking her legs out of the stirrups.

"What?" Taryn asked curiously, with a raised eyebrow.

"I know what we can call 'you know who,' when we're in public!" Rosina said with a giddy giggle as she wiped her pussy clean with the towel.

"Okay, what?" Taryn asked curiously as handed Rosina her robe.

"We can call him 'Moe,' what do you think?" Rosina asked with eager anticipation to see how her idea would be received.

"Moe? Why 'Moe,' dear?" Taryn asked with a slightly confused look on her face.

"Don't you get it? It stands for 'Master Owen,' silly," Rosina chuckled as she shook her head and put on her robe.

"That's not a bad idea, Moe, I like it!" Taryn chuckled as she approached her daughter, put her arm around her waist and escorted her out of the room.

"Do you think Moe will like my 'new look,' mom?" Rosina asked with a giddy tone of voice.

"I know Moe will love it!" Taryn said as she squeezed Rosina tighter and the pair giggled, yet again.

Karen was escorting a new client to one of the rooms in the back, the facial room. She looked up and saw Taryn and her daughter walking toward the change rooms, arm around each other. Karen shook her head as she thought she had just heard sounds of sex coming from the bikini-wax room. She knew that the long day had been playing tricks on her. Sure, occasionally she had to bring a client off who got a little worked up from the trimming and waxing, as she had to do with Taryn herself. The thought of a mother bringing off her own daughter was too bizarre a concept to even contemplate. Karen pushed the thought out of her mind and focused on the job at hand, the client's facial

Karen escorted the new client to the facial room, to begin her facial. It didn't take long to get settled into the usual routine of talking to the client about what was going to happen. During the talk she noticed that she was out of an item needed in the process of the facial. Karen excused herself and walked to the back storeroom to get a fresh jar.

As she passed the change room she noticed that the door was not quite closed. Her instinct was to close the door that was notorious for not staying closed if you didn't close it right. What she saw through the barely open door took her breath away and shocked Karen who thought she had seen it all. There was Rosina, Taryn's daughter who was getting changed into her clothes. That is not what shocked her, it was the way her pubic hair had been trimmed; it was done in an unusual but familiar style. As Rosina bent to pick up her panties Karen could see that her pussy was shaved bare. As the young woman turned and pulled up her panties, Karen could clearly see that her pubic hair had been trimmed into the shape of an "O;" she was flabbergasted. 

Karen had trimmed Taryn's pussy in exactly the same way and in all her years running this spa she had never had anyone else ask for that exact style. What was the significance? Why did a mother and daughter want their privates shaved exactly the same way? Karen didn't get it, but the thought left her with an uncomfortable feeling. Karen tried to shake it off and ignore it as a family quirk, but she knew something strange was up. Perhaps she did hear sounds of sex coming from the bikini-wax room earlier? Could something be going on? They did seem so close and tight? Where the too close? Karen tried not to look upset or unnerved as she returned to the facial room and the client at hand.

Since the client had only wanted a quick facial before a date that evening, the facial didn't take that long. The client had not changed and instead had been covered with a large bib to protect her clothes. After the facial was over, Karen walked out to the front with the client and saw four people talking and visiting amongst themselves. Karen finished up with the client and turned her attention to the people in the room.

She now noticed that Taryn was talking to Rosina and another young man who had a striking family resemblance. He was handsome and seemed to tower over Rosina but was only noticeably taller than Taryn. Both Taryn and Rosina were quite happy to see him and were talking to him almost exclusively. Occasionally Veronica, Karen's own daughter would be involved in the conversation.

"Hello, who's your friend?" Karen asked as she approached the four chatty people.

"He's no friend he's my brother, Owen!" Rosina said in a playful scoff as she swatted Owen on his chest, her hand resting on his chest after the smack was over.

"Nice to meet you, Owen, what brings you here, a facial perhaps?" Karen teased with a wink and a chuckle.

"No, no, I just came by to pick up my two favorite ladies, to take them out for the evening," Owen said with a broad smile as he put his arm around the waist of both Taryn and Rosina.

"Isn't he such a wonderful son?" Taryn beamed with motherly pride as she smiled up at her son with a look that was a touch too affectionate.

"Yes, quite," Karen said with a smile to cover her nervousness as she looked at the three happy people before her, arm in arm, in arm.

"Well, we gotta go, it was nice to meet you, Karen," Owen said with a confident smile as he reached out to shake Karen's hand with a firm grip.

"Affectionate family," Veronica said with a queer look on her face after the trio had left.

"Yes, quite," Karen said and still something struck her as odd about the way the three of them related to each other.

It wasn't until she passed the change room on the way to the tiny bathroom in the back that a disturbing thought crossed her brain. As she saw the door to the change room, she suddenly remembered seeing Rosina's "O" shaped pubic hair and stopped in her tracks. Her chin dropped as she wondered if the "O" stood for "Owen," but she couldn't believe it. Why would a mother and sister shave his initial into their most private of places unless something wasn't going on? They seemed to be so nice and decent; it wasn't possible, wasn't it? Karen shuddered as she, once again told herself that she was imagining things. There must be a logical explanation for the "O" shaped pubic hair, and the affection between the three of them. Karen knew she needed to get some answers before she could put the matter to rest.

Perhaps she could talk to Taryn and get the answers out of her somehow. Maybe she could get Taryn to open up and tell her what was going on. What if they went out for drinks one night? It would give them a change to talk outside of work, and with a bit of wine, maybe Taryn would talk. Karen didn't like prying into the personal life of a friend that she had just become reacquainted with, but felt it was important. If something intimate was going on between the three of them, clearly it was up to a true friend to help straighten them out. Karen needed to know and help them out of the sick world that she feared they had fallen into.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 09
bypolyman©

Chapter Nine: An Evening Out

"So, where are we going, sweetie?" Taryn asked Owen as they neared the car.

Owen cleared his throat and raised an eyebrow as he stood beside his mother by the driver's door. Neither said anything for a moment, but they looked at each other expectantly. Rosina stood by the passenger's side rear door of the late model Cadillac, wisely saying nothing for the moment.

"Where are we going, Master?" Taryn asked in a subdued tone of voice, whispering the last word of her question.

"For me to know and you to wonder about. Give me the keys, Red," Owen said with a confident tone of voice, standing up straighter. Owen held out his hand, while his eyes never wavered from looking into Taryn's eyes.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said with a subdued tone of voice and a slightly red face as she handed Owen the car keys.

"Thank you, Red." Owen said with a satisfied smile as he gave Tarn a peck on the lips. "Now, both of you get in the back," he said as he glanced at both of them.

"Yes, Master," both Taryn and Rosina said as quietly as possible.

Owen pushed the button on the remote and opened up all the doors. All three of them got in the car and shortly thereafter they were off for an evening out. Owen was smiling to himself as he drove to the largest mall in town. He made sure to take odd streets and unexpected turns, so as to keep Taryn and Rosina guessing. The ride was quiet for the first stretch of the drive, as both Taryn and Rosina sat in the back, quietly wondering where they were going. Fresh on Taryn's mind was the exchange outside the car and Owen's instance to be called 'Master' in public. Taryn hoped she could tactfully convince Owen of the wisdom of being referred to as 'Moe' and not 'Master' in public.

"Rosie and I were talking, Master, and we have an idea we want to run by you, don't we dear," Taryn said as she shot Rosina an urging look.

"Oh! Yes, Master, would you like to hear it?" Rosina asked respectfully, yet with an excitement that she tried to contain.

"What is it?" Owen asked as he looked at Taryn and Rosina in the rear view mirror, he could see that they were sitting close together.

"Go ahead, it was your idea," Taryn said as she shook Rosina about the shoulder.

"We want to say that we like the idea of you having nicknames for us, so you can call us 'Slave', in public and nobody else has to be the wiser." Rosina said in a pleased and cheery tone of voice.

"Well, it seemed to make sense, as well it let's you guys know who I am giving an order to," Owen replied calmly and shrugged his shoulder in a nonchalant manner.

"We thought that perhaps it would be wise for us to give you a nickname. That way, we can call you 'Master' and give you the respect you are due when in public but not arise attention to ourselves." Taryn said in a calm tone of voice, looking at Owen in the eyes through the rear view mirror.

"Yeah, why not!" Owen said in an agreeable tone of voice after he paused to think it over for a moment. "What name were you thinking on?" Owen asked with a raised eyebrow of curiosity as he looked over his shoulder at both women.

"We were thinking of 'Moe,' what 'cha think, Master?" Rosina asked with an eager tone of voice and a face that was lit up in anticipation.

"Moe? Why 'Moe?' What does 'Moe' have to do with anything?" Owen asked with a perplexed manner, not understanding or liking the name at all.

"MASTER OWEN!" Rosina shouted in a frustrated grunt. "She didn't get it either!" Rosina said as she pointed at Taryn and chuckled.

"OH! In that case, sure you can call me 'Moe,' once you explain it, it makes sense," Owen said with a smile as he glanced up at the two ladies in the rear view mirror.

Rosina was happy that she could call Owen "Master" in public. Taryn was relieved that she didn't have to call Owen "Master" in public. While she loved serving him and would happily call him "Master" in private, she didn't like doing so when others were around. At least by calling him "Moe" in public she could still give him the respect he was due in public. Paying him respect, or obeying his commands in public wasn't the issue for Taryn, others knowing about their odd relationship was. Little did Taryn or Rosina know, this evening was a test as to how far Owen's authority would go, in public.

"So are you going to tell us where we're going yet, Master?" Rosina asked with a cutie-pie manner, hoping to sweet-talk the destination out of him.

"No, almost there," Owen said, without taking his eyes off of the road ahead.

Owen was right in that they were not that far from the mall that he had intended to go. The mall was one of those massive malls that had a little of everything, including two multiplex movie theatres, a stretch of fine dining restaurants and an assortment of all kinds of stores you could think of. If there was one place to window-shop, this was the place, but window shopping was not on Owen's mind. Owen had a few very specific things he wanted to do here, and this allowed him to do them all without driving all over the city.

He parked near one of the more central entrances of the mall and abruptly got out. Taryn and Rosina got out of the car without being asked and quickly followed after Owen, who didn't wait for them. Taryn noticed that Owen pocketed the keys to her car, she said nothing but it was something that irked her. Owen walked swiftly through the mall at a quick pace, never once looking behind him to see if the ladies were following him. He managed to keep a sly eye on them through the reflections in store windows. Without warning he strode into a woman's clothing store that had a wide selection but didn't appear to be busy at the moment. Taryn and Rosina looked at each other with and odd look but followed along regardless.

Owen walked confidently to the centre of the store and stood there with an expectant look on his face. Taryn and Rosina walked up and stood behind him, wondering what he had planned. They never got the chance to voice their question because almost as soon as Owen walked into the store did an attractive, blonde haired woman in a business suit walk toward him with a confident stride of her own.

The woman walking toward them was dressed in a dark purple business suit and was a thin woman with wide hips. She was quite pretty and slender in a very shapely way, though she apparently tried to downplay her natural beauty with the conservative business suit. Her legs were the most eye-catching part of her that could be seen. Her breasts, while appearing to be large from the bulge in the suit jacket, could not be seen directly at all. She showed no cleavage whatsoever and her jacket had every button done up. Her long honey-blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail that hung dead straight down her back when she stood still. Right now her hair swished from side to side in time with her quick pace.

"Hello, Sir, I'm Mandy, how may I help you this evening?" The blonde woman asked Owen as she arrived in front of him. She spoke in a calm and professional tone of voice. Indeed her whole manner exuded professionalism as she shook Owen's hand in greeting.


"I want an assortment of skirts and dresses each of these ladies," Owen said to Mandy as he gestured to Taryn and Rosina behind him, barely pausing to do so before he continued speaking. "They are to range from knee to mid-thigh in length. As well we will need blouses to match the skirts, all of which should range from casual to dressy." Owen said in a commanding tone of voice and still stood up straight and tall.

"Certainly, Sir, we have just what you're looking for," Mandy replied with a charming smile to Owen before her eyes took a quick tour of his body.

"Excellent, I'll be over there and I'll pick the five outfits that I like for each lady," Owen said as he pointed at a chair near the change rooms. "And you can call me, 'Moe,' Mandy," Owen said with a wink as Mandy motioned for Taryn and Rosina to follow her.

"Certainly, Moe," Mandy said in a professional manner as she continued to walk toward a far corner of the store.

Taryn and Rosina did their best not to laugh over Owen having Mandy call him Moe, even though she didn't know the significance of the name. Owen sat down exactly where he said he would and watched as Mandy called over another sales clerk to help. Rather that poor girl had to carry the large pile of clothes that Mandy, Taryn and Rosina picked out. Near the end she couldn't see over the pile that she carried and had to walk sideways as they made their way back to the change rooms. The four of them walked back to the change rooms and in less than a minute Mandy walked out, alone.

"Well, Moe, we are just about ready to show you what we have picked out. Normally we don't put on fashion shows for customers . . . but for the big spenders we make an exception, now and again," Mandy said with a calm and professional tone of voice but added the last sentence with a giggle and a wink.

That started a long line of outfits that both Taryn and Rosina trotted out and displayed for Owen. Without bothering to count he simply stated the ones he liked and the ones he didn't. Each time he spoke, he did so with confidence and authority and each time his decision was not questioned. When it was all said and done, he had picked out eight outfits for Rosina and seven outfits for Taryn. With a displeased look on her face, Owen then told her to pick out one outfit that she liked from the pile that he rejected. Once it was over Owen called Taryn and Rosina over to him and he spoke in a hushed whisper to both of them.

"Cat, I want you to put on that light blue dress, for this evening. Red, you will wear that little peach number for this evening, understood?" Owen asked with a firm tone of voice and a bright smile on his face.

"Thank you, Master!" They both said with gratitude as quietly as they could, while clearly being excited.

"One more thing, neither of you are to wear anything under your dresses tonight. I want you to put your clothes in this bag, I will be checking for bras and panties." Owen said with a firm and determined tone of voice, his expression conveyed his serious intentions. He held out an empty shopping bag from the store they were in, Rosina took it from Owen, almost immediately.

"Master, I can't go without a bra in public! I'll bounce and jiggle something awful! It'll look obscene!" Taryn said in shock and horror, still protesting quietly, so that nobody other than the three of them could hear.

"I know. My order stands . . . Red!" Owen said again and stared intently at Taryn, waiting for her to respond.

Taryn's eyes closed to slits and her face turned red, her anger boiling inside, she really didn't want to do this. In private was one thing to obey Master and do what he wanted, but in public was another. Taryn never left the house without a bra, her breasts weren't as perky as they once were and she was larger than most women. As a result, without a bra to restrain her breasts they bounced in all different directions when she walked, drawing far too much attention to them. She wasn't embarrassed about her breasts she just liked to be restrained and a little conservative in public. As Taryn glared at Owen she knew that protesting was pointless. Even now her mind was telling her it was shameful for her to even think of defying Master's order. Taryn knew that she would do as her Master had ordered; she could do no less it seemed.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said in a defeated tone of voice as she bowed her head.

"Good, scoot along and get changed," he said as he smiled at Taryn and Rosina as they walked off to the change rooms. He made sure to give Taryn's ass a light swat as she walked away; she shot him a wide eyed expression of surprise in response.

It wasn't long before Taryn and Rosina walked out of the change rooms, fully changed into the dresses Owen had picked out for them. Taryn was hiding behind Rosina, who was holding the bag of clothes in front of her. When they arrived in front of Owen she presented the bag of clothes to Owen and Taryn stepped out from behind Rosina. Owen looked them over and indeed each dress made the already beautiful woman look that much more stunning.

The peach colour of her dress brought out and highlighted the deep, rich red colour of Taryn's hair. It was a slender dress that hugged her curves but was not restrictive, not a dress she would usually wear. She was more used to outfits that hid and downplayed her body that she knew wasn't like the bodies of girls Rosina's age. Never would she think of wearing such a simple and slim-fitting outfit that put her ample curves out there for all to see, including her, now unrestricted, breasts. While the dress did have a plunging neckline that showed a conservative amount of cleavage, it was the lack of a bra under the slender dress that worried Taryn. She shifted her weight uncomfortably as she waited for Owen to say something.

"Gorgeous, absolutely gorgeous!" Owen said with reverence as he looked Taryn over. She looked at him with skeptical look and once again had to remind herself that he did see her as beautiful; that was enough for her.

Rosina's dress was similar to Taryn's in the fact that it was a sleeveless number that stopped above the knee. Her dress was different in a few ways from Taryn's comparatively conservative dress. For one Rosina's dress was light blue in colour and clung to her body much tighter than Taryn's did her. As well the cut of the dress was more enticing and daring, with a much deeper neckline, narrower shoulder straps and slits up the sides. One last touch that made it a hotter dress was that the hemline was a touch higher than Taryn's dress. Rosina had no problem with the order not to wear a bra under the dress. For, not only would the cut of the dress make a bra impractical, her young breasts were small and perky enough, not to require one.

"Stunning, simply stunning," Owen said with a smile on my face and in silent reply Rosina beamed her happiness over gaining her Master's approval.

"I take it that we have decided to wear these dresses out?" Mandy said with a pleased and charming manner as she approached the three. "Mary, pack up and process the rest of Moe's purchases," Mandy said with a firm yet pleasant tone of voice to the other sales associate who then scurried off to the change room. "I do believe I have some shoes to match those dresses," she said in a leading tone of voice to Owen with an expectant tone of voice.

"Absolutely, what are new dresses without new shoes?" Owen said with a bright smile, almost immediately after Mandy had suggested it.

As Mandy hurried off to get the shoes needed for the dresses, Owen then took the bag of clothes that Rosina held out. Owen looked through the bag and found the fact that the clothes were still warm an oddly erotic thing. There, hidden at the bottom of the bag, were indeed two bras and two damp panties.

"Excellent, my dears, excellent; I am pleased," Owen said with a warm smile as he looked at the smiling faces standing before him.

"Here you go," Mandy said as she approached and handed Taryn a pair of peach pumps. "And, here you go," she said as she handed Rosina a pair of light blue pumps.

"And this is for you, Moe," The other sales associate said as she presented Owen with the bill, "I have already run in the shoes, sir," she added pleasantly and held out the bill.

"Here you go, and make sure you add ten percent for a tip," Owen said as he handed her his credit card, not looking at the bill once.

"You are most generous, both to your lady friends and to us as well. Please feel free to come back anytime," Mandy replied with a look that beamed her joy and satisfaction of the big sale and healthy tip.

Owen then signed the final bill and pocketed his credit card and receipt. Then he stood up and took one third of the bags that were neatly lined up along the counter and walked out the store. Like most men, Owen probably could have taken all the bags and carried them to the car himself. By taking only a third of the bags he knew that Taryn and Rosina would pick up the hint and take one third each. This would ensure that Taryn's hands would be full so that when she walked she couldn't hide or cover up her breasts.

Taryn was quite ashamed and embarrassed as she walked through that mall, following Owen to the car. As expected her breasts were jiggling wildly with each step she took, she was mortified to be so unrestrained in public! What made matters worse was that with her hands full she could do nothing to stop their swaying. She held the packages close to her sides so that the sides of her arms could brace the sides of her breasts but that just hampered her ability to walk. With a frustrated grunt she held the packages away from her sides and allowed her breasts to sway freely.

Not long after they had left the store did something funny happen. Owen, Taryn and Rosina heard someone curse as they crashed into something solid. They looked over in the direction of the sound and saw three teen boys laughing at a fourth teen as he rubbed his head and staggered right next to a pillar.

"Watch where you're going next time, Steve," a blonde haired teen laughed as he slapped the shoulder of his buddy that had obviously just walked into the pillar.

"Fuck off, Matt," the brown haired boy, who obviously was Steve replied, "Did you see that babe though?" he added emphatically as he pointed in the direction of Owen, Taryn and Rosina.

"You mean that blonde in the blue dress? Yeah she's hot!" Matt replied with an enthusiastic nod.

"No man, I mean the MILF in the peach dress, the one with the HUGE TITS!" Steve replied with fervor as he pointed right at Taryn. "Watching those puppies bounce about was almost worth hitting the pole," Steve replied with a chuckle that his buddies joined him in on.

"No doubt, man, she's hot!" Matt added as he nodded his agreement as he stole another glance at Taryn's breasts.

Taryn just about stumbled a step, as she couldn't believe what she had just heard. Taryn Thompson, HOT! Taryn was just a forty-three year old, plump, housewife. How could she be considered to be a MILF by boys younger than her daughter? Taryn was amazed that she could illicit such a reaction from teenagers, and it almost overwhelmed her. She had always assumed that Owen looked at her with a blind eye because he was her son. She knew that she didn't look like the models in magazines, so how could she be hot. Taryn was amazed and impressed that she could be considered to be a hot, at forty-three! The perplexed wondering took up the rest of the trip to the car. It wasn't until she heard the trunk pop open that she realized where they were and she was brought out of her thoughts.

"Now, on to dinner!" Owen said with a smile as he put the bags that he was carrying in the trunk.

"I don't think so, young man," Taryn said in her best "motherly" tone of voice as she put the bags she was carrying in the trunk.

"What? Who are you to question me?" Owen shot back in mock offended manner.

"I am your mother, and as such, I'm telling you that you can't escort us anywhere looking like that!" she said sternly as she pointed at Owen for a moment before a smirk crept across her face. "You need new clothes," she added with a wink.

"Yeah! You bought us new clothes, so I think that you need to get something appropriate in order to escort us this evening, Moe," Rosina added with excitement for the idea as she put her bags in the trunk.

"Why not, I must admit, standing next to you two right now, I feel a bit shabby," Owen chuckled as he closed the trunk and turned to the ladies, offering them an arm each.

"I know this mall, I know just the place, too," Taryn said with a wink as she linked her arm with Owen's arm. 

"Does this mean we can make HIM model all sorts of clothes for US?" Rosina asked Taryn in a teasing chuckle as she linked her arm in Owen's other arm.

Owen felt ten feet tall as he escorted Taryn and Rosina through that mall again. Taryn led the way and directed them to a men's clothing store that was not that far from where they were. As they walked into the store, Taryn's body language made it clear that she was going to take charge of this purchase. They all stopped about a third of the way into the store and watched as a tall, slender man in a suit approached them with a cool demeanor about him.

"Hello, my name is Marcus, how can I help you this evening?" the tall, dark haired man asked with hands clasped in front of him.

"Hello, Marcus, I'm Taryn and this is Owen, and that is Rosina. We're going out for the evening and as you can see Owen, darling, needs a little help to look more . . . appropriate. I was thinking of something in a dark-grey, classic suit, can you help?" Taryn said in a charming tone of voice as she smiled at Marcus in an almost flirtatious manner.

"Certainly, we have just what you're looking for," Marcus said with a smile as he turned to walk away, motioning for them to follow him.

Just like when he bought clothes for Taryn and Rosina, Owen had to model a few suits. Thankfully, he had to try on considerably fewer outfits, only three suits in all. All three of them agreed on the one suit that looked the best on him. It was the last suit he tried on and so he never changed out of it. Just like with the ladies they bought the whole outfit including: shirt, tie, shoes, socks and belt. Owen's old clothes were packed into one shopping bag and before Owen could grasp the bill, Taryn snatched it away from him.

"Put it on this and add fifteen percent for the tip," Taryn said with a firm smile as she shot Owen a sly grin from the side while handing Marcus the bill and a credit card.

"Thank you, Madam," Marcus said with a grateful smile as he quickly processed the sale.

As they walked out of the store back to the car once more, the three of them felt giddy and playful. Taryn no longer worried about her free and bouncing breasts; in fact she found that she liked the free feeling and all the extra attention. On the way back from the car, Taryn even tossed a light spring in her step to make her breasts bounce a little more.

"Now we can go to dinner, sweetheart," Taryn said as she kissed Owen on the cheek.

"Soon, I hope because I am starved!" Rosina added as she too gave Owen a kiss on his other cheek.

"Come my ladies, dinner awaits!" Owen said with a proud smile as he guided the trio toward the wing of restaurants.

It didn't take long before they found themselves turning down the hallway specially dedicated to the finer restaurants. It was one area of the mall where a string of nice eateries were located. It was tastefully laid out and not simply a fancy food court. Indeed it was one long strip which had its own entrance to the outside and along this one hallway you could find any type of food you liked at one of the many restaurants. Owen picked a cozy, romantic, Italian place about half way down the strip. They were seated quickly, as the night was a little slow and the waiter was happy to see more business walk in the door. With a quiet word and little cash slipped to the waiter, they had a secluded table in a quiet area of the restaurant. After ordering their meals, the trio was enjoying the ambiance, and chatting each other up in some light conversation.

"Thank you, sweetie for this evening, it has been too long since I have been out like this," Taryn said with a genuinely touched manner as she reached across and took Owen's hand in hers.

"The evening's not over yet," Owen said with a wicked grin as he leaned forward and kissed Taryn in a soft, romantic kiss. The both glowed with love once the kiss was over with and smiled at each other for a moment yet.

"Yes, Moe, I wanted to say how much appreciate all that you've done for me," Rosina said as she leaned across the table to kiss Owen.

"I'm just glad I could help, Rosie. So you don't regret . . . last night?" Owen asked as delicately as he could, once the kiss was over.

"No, Moe, everything is clear and calm within me now. I'm not confused or angry, like I was before. I don't think I could go back to the way things were before, even if I wanted to," Rosina said with a look of love as she took Owen's hand in hers. "I love you, Owen," she added with absolute sincerity.

"I love you too, Rosie," Owen said with a warm, loving smile back at Rosina.

"Me or my tight little pussy?" Rosina mumbled with a wicked grin on her face.

"Both," Owen winked back.

"Honestly, you two! Behave yourselves," Taryn chuckled as she shook her head.

"Don't think I could forget about you, Taryn. I have been happier this past week than I have ever been. I love you not just as a son loves his mother or just as someone I'm sleeping with," Owen said with a loving and serious manner and for a moment he paused as he pondered just what to say to express how he felt. It was not easy and his fight to find the right words was evident on his face until he said, "You're so much more to me than that!"

"I know and I can't believe all that we've done this past week, and I know that as your mother I should be horrified . . . but I'm not." Taryn said with a slightly uncomfortable manner. "I know that it's a strange way to reconnect with your kids but I feel so much closer to both of you now than I ever have!" she added with a warm smile to both Owen and Rosina.

"I know what you mean, mom, before yesterday, I never really was that close with either of you," Rosina added with a sincere tone of voice and a slightly embarrassed manner. "I was too caught up in my own life: school, friends, studying, and now college. I loved the time we spent together today, mom, and hope we can all spend much more time together in the future." She spoke with a warm and friendly manner as she smiled at her mother. "And of course I look forward to many hours spent alone with you, Moe," she added in a sultry tone of voice, with a wicked grin spread across her face.

"As do I, look forward to each moment we spend together," Owen said with a naughty grin on his face as he looked first at Rosina and then at Taryn.

"But we do need to be careful or Richard will find out. He may be wrapped up in his own little world of that law firm, but if you two do a repeat performance of this morning when he's home again, even he will wonder what's up!" Taryn said with as firm a manner as she could muster in the loving mood that permeated the table. She held that, firm look for a moment before all three of them burst into laughter.

"Perhaps we should see how quiet you can be, eh Red?" Owen asked with a naughty flavor to his voice as he raised an eyebrow.

"What do you mean?" Taryn asked with a curious, yet fearful flavor to her voice.

"I mean why don't you just hop on up here and take a ride. We'll see if you can keep quiet enough, so as not to draw any attention to us?" Owen asked with a naughty, yet teasing flavor to his voice as he pushed back away from the table.

"Later, dear, I'll show you just how appreciative I am for this evening, but here in the middle of the restaurant is hardly the place!" Taryn replied with a nervous chuckle and wide eyes that betrayed the fear that she tried to hide within her.

"Red, get over here and ride my cock like a good little girl!" Owen said in an unambiguous tone of voice as he unbuckled pants, pulled them down and fished out his hard, fat cock.

Taryn looked at Owen's cock with absolute shock as her eyes bugged out and her chin hung open. She looked at it and then up into Owen's face and was flabbergasted. Quickly she looked around the restaurant to see if anyone had noticed her son exposing himself. To her frustration and horror she realized that they were in a secluded section with only one way in or out.

"Geez, mom, if you don't ride him, I will, and you know I can't keep quiet with that monster in my pussy!" Rosina said as she shifted in her seat, here eyes fixated on Owen's cock.

Taryn's lust grew within her and her decorum and restraint fought to keep her from fucking her son in the middle of the restaurant. Her need to obey her Master along with the longing to feel him inside her again won out in short order. In a flash she was hovering over his lap, facing him. She placed her hands on his shoulders and lowered herself on the cock of the man she loved more than life itself. A satisfied sigh escaped her lips when she felt the fat cock invading her innermost depths. Slowly Taryn rose until the cock was almost out of her pussy before she slowly lowered herself down again.

"I hope you know what you're doing, Moe, cause, God help me, I can't resist you," Taryn said with a troubled look on her face while her body was awash in pleasure.

"Fuck him, mom! Fuck your son in a public restaurant while your daughter watches!" Rosina said in a hushed voice that was so full of lust that her voice sounded like a hiss.

"You horny little bitch, you just love this, don't you! Your own private little sex show!" Taryn said with a lustful growl as she turned her head and looked at her daughter.

Taryn steadily bounced on Owen's cock and tried to keep herself quiet, letting out only a sigh or quiet moan now and again. Boldly Owen reached up and slipped the straps of the dress off of Taryn's shoulders, pulling the top of the dress down. Once Taryn's breasts were in view, Owen leaned forward and took a nipple into his mouth. Taryn grasped a handful of Owen's hair and hissed her excitement where otherwise she would have moaned loudly. Her bouncing on his cock quickened, it was her way to show her love of what he was doing to her body.

"This, my dear Slaves is the exact reason why you are not wearing bras or panties." Owen said with a commanding tone of voice that was polluted with a satisfied flavor. "In the future, around the house you will only wear skirts or dresses and the hems will be no longer than to your knees. As well you are not allowed to wear bras or panties in the house ever again! You may wear what you like outside the house, but once you come home, you must change, is that clear, my Slaves?" Owen said with a growl in his lust filled voice, his words slurred due to the fact that he didn't stop licking Taryn's breasts.

"Yes, Moe," Taryn and Rosina replied, somewhat in time.

"Excuse me?" Owen growled with a snarl.

"Yes, Master," Taryn and Rosina corrected themselves.

"That's better," Owen said with a pleased flavor to his voice.

They had almost forgotten the very public place that they were in and Taryn began to start bouncing up and down wildly. She desperately wanted release and her lust had possessed her, the wickedness of the situation was quickly pushing her over the edge. The sharp breath from the other end of the room brought everyone's attention and their heads snapped to look at the source.

There, standing in the entryway to the private section of the restaurant was their waiter carrying a tray with their dinners. He stood there with a stunned look on his face as Taryn continued to ride Owen's cock; her body was practically on auto-pilot. For thirty long seconds the waiter stood there, dumbfounded as to the hot scene unfolding before him.

"Y . . . you shouldn't be doing th . . . that," The waiter squeaked out with a stunned tone of voice, his lips barely moving and his eyes never blinking.

Owen looked at the man in question and could see that he was horny as hell, the bulge in his pants attested to that. He stood not much taller than Owen did was and looked to be somewhere in his early twenties. In fact he looked familiar, like someone he may have seen in one of his classes at college, but couldn't place him at the time. His brown hair was cut quite short in a typical "GQ" side part and his blue eyes were as wide as saucers. He looked thin and a little on the lean side, like he could use some time spent in the gym to put some muscle on his skinny frame. All in all he wasn't that homely looking, but he wasn't "Brad Pitt" either.

"Why don't you come over here and get better acquainted?" Owen asked as calmly as he could with his mother's pussy tightly gripping his cock at the moment.

"Cat, why don't you show our friend here how much we would appreciate his discretion on this matter," Owen said to Rosina with a wicked smile on his face as he tossed her a wink.

"Yes, Moe," Rosina replied with a giddy tone of voice as she stood up and walked with an exaggerated saunter towards the waiter.

It was clear that Rosina had no trouble following any order that Owen gave. The moral struggle that raged within her as to whether or not to serve him drained her of any fight she had. All she knew now was that she was a Slave to Owen and as such she would faithfully do anything he commanded. She was completely his to do with as he pleased, whenever he pleased and to whomever he pleased. It was with her eagerness to prove this to Owen that she walked confidently toward the waiter, who was still holding their dinner.

"That looks heavy, Honey, put that down over here," Rosina said with a sweet smile and a sultry tone of voice as she lightly tugged on the waiter's arm.

"Wha . . . wha . . . what are we going to do?" the stunned waiter said as he allowed himself to be led toward the table.

When they were near, Rosina unloaded the tray, placing the dinners at the appropriate place on their table. She then took the tray from the young waiter's hands and put it on a nearby table. Pulling a chair out from the table she lightly pushed the stunned waiter down onto the chair. When Rosina walked toward the waiter, starting to lift the hem of her dress Owen spoke up.

"We're not that appreciative, Cat," Owen said with a disapproving tone of voice.

Rosina stopped in her tracks and dropped to her knees right in front of the slack-jawed waiter. She reached up, unzipped his pants, yanked them and his underwear down, and grasped his hard cock in her small hands. She smiled up at the waiter whose name she didn't even know, leaned forward and wrapped her lips around the head of his cock.

As Rosina's mouth descended on his cock, John looked down at the hot blonde who was now blowing him. Nothing like this had ever happened to him before! Sure he had a girlfriend and was having sex with her, but she only had made him wait until they had been going together for two months. Here a woman he had just met was now on her knees giving him a blowjob just because another guy told her to! It was wild and he almost didn't believe it was happening, but if it was a dream, he didn't want to wake.

"I like your cock, baby. It's the perfect size for this," Rosina said with a satisfied purr as she briefly took her mouth off of his cock to smile up at the man who owned the cock she was sucking.

John felt immensely proud, for never had anyone described his cock as perfect! He knew his cock wasn't as large as some men's but he knew his wasn't the smallest cock either. Just knowing that a hot chick like the one he was with could appreciate what he had to offer made him feel great. He let his head fall back as he sighed heavily and surrendered to the magical work of her mouth on his cock.

Rosina smiled to herself as she saw the gratified and relieved smile on the waiter's face. She didn't have the heart to tell him that the reason she saw his cock as perfect was that it was considerably shorter and thinner than Owen's comparative monster. She had a good shot at deep-throating this cock and planned to do so as quick as she could. Perhaps in deep-throating this cock, she could ready herself to finally take Owen's cock down her throat. With determination she closed her eyes and thrust her mouth forward. She soon felt the head of the cock hit the entrance to her throat and slip past it. She started to gag but that feeling passed quickly as a few inches of the cock slipped down her throat. When she felt pubic hair tickle her nose she opened her eyes to see her lips kissing the base of his cock. Rosina was pleased because she had voluntarily deep-throated her first cock. Energetically she withdrew the cock from her mouth and immediately thrust her mouth back down. She didn't pause at all when the head of the cock hit the entrance of her throat. She gagged again, but since she expected it, it didn't hit her as hard so she pressed on until again all of the cock was past her lips. Again and again, Rosina deep-throated the cock and she got more accustomed to the cock slipping down her throat. Her pace quickened as she became so focused on practicing her deep-throating technique. Rosina almost forgot that a man was attached to the cock she was sucking with all she had.

The suddenness and shock of the amazingly unbelievable experience accompanied with the best blowjob of his life was too much for John. With a grunt his hips bucked up and slammed his cock down Rosina's throat as it erupted with his cum. Rosina hadn't given a thought to what she was going to do with the strange man's cum. Once she felt the cum erupt down her throat she knew the question was answered for her. She swallowed repeatedly and John groaned nonstop as her throat milked his cock with all the cum he had to offer.

Taryn looked over her shoulder when John moaned to signal that he was about to cum. She saw that at that very moment that Rosina had all of his cock in her mouth and felt happy for her daughter. As strange as it was, she didn't feel odd to see her daughter sucking off a total stranger, instead she was proud. She knew that it meant a lot to Rosina to deep-throat Owen's cock and to see her doing so to this cock was a step down that road. It was the first time that Taryn looked at Rosina and felt closer to being her friend than her mother. The sight of her little girl's throat milking the young waiter's cock that had by now erupted was not repulsive, but hot.

Taryn let her head flop back as the complete decadence and wild abandon of the situation pushed her over the edge. A guttural moan escaped her lips before she snapped her head forward to kiss Owen with all the passion that she had at that intense moment. Her abundant red hair flipped forward and cascaded over Owen, covering both of their heads as they kissed through Taryn's and then Owen's orgasm. The clasping pussy of his dearest Slave pushed Owen over the edge and he let loose a torrent of cum up inside his mother's pussy. Taryn let go and slumped forward, melting her body against her beloved Master, both lovers breathing heavy as they tried to catch their breath. Taryn flipped her head to tame the wild mane of red hair, as she smiled at the man she loved and kissed him with a soft romantic kiss.

Everyone looked at each other with the satisfied smile of post-orgasmic bliss. With the exception of Rosina, who was simply happy to have achieved deep-throating a cock, even if it was a below-average, thin cock. To Rosina it was a major accomplishment and she couldn't wait for her next opportunity to try to deep-throat her Master's cock. Owen looked around the room and saw that there was an unmistakable air of sex in the room. Anyone who walked in would know in a second what had transpired, they had already tempted fate too much.

"As hot as this is, dinner is getting cold," Owen said with a slightly disappointed smirk on his face.

"Yeah, I'd better get back to work, or my boss will come looking for me," John said with a nervous chuckle. "Thanks for the . . . well, thanks," John said nervously. My name is . . ." John started to introduce himself, but Rosina cut him off.

"DON'T!" she shouted. "It's hotter this way, don't you think?" she added with a wink and a sultry smile. "And you're welcome," she said as she stood up. 

Taryn separated herself from Owen reluctantly and pulled the top of her dress back up. Owen pulled his pants back up and straightened his clothes up as Rosina took her seat by the table. Without saying a word, John flashed a nervous smile at the three people at the table and walked away, not sure of what to say. The three people then enjoyed their dinner, albeit only slightly cooler than it could have been but they weren't complaining. It was a strangely causal dinner and nobody felt self-conscious about the wildly dangerous sex that just took place. They chatted and talked more like friends than family, strangely enough, they were a mixture of three: family, friends and lovers. Dinner was over and nothing of consequence happened during the rest of dinner. John refused to take any sort of tip from Owen and even gave them a discount on dinner.

"Where are we going? I thought we were going to the movies?" Rosina asked as she pointed in the general direction of the movie theater.

"You guy's look too hot for the movies! We're going dancing!" Owen said with a certain tone of voice as he motioned in the direction of a nearby nightclub.

"Sweetie, Rosie's only nineteen, we can't all get in," Taryn said in a motherly manner. She looked at Owen with a look of concern as they started walking to one of the few nightclubs that was mixed in amongst the restaurants.

"Please, she's hot, you both are, when have you ever known them to card a hot chick?" Owen laughed as he confidently strode toward the nightclub in question.

As expected the trio was waved on through only after the doorman let his eyes walk all over both Taryn's and Rosina's bodies. Once inside they grabbed a table near the dance floor and quickly ordered drinks. Rosina was excited to finally being given the chance to have her first drink in a bar. She had drunk beer at the odd college party this past year but this was the first time to be drinking in front of her mother. Owen restricted himself to one beer because he was driving. The ladies had a few drinks each and were quickly feeling tipsy. They were up dancing as a trio for almost every song, sitting down only when they needed to rest. Being in a bar with Owen brought back memories of one week ago when Taryn's life took a drastic turn.

"Hey my studly, Moe, why don't you take that horny little bitch over there and fuck her in the bathroom, eh?" Taryn said with a giddy giggle as she leaned over to talk to Owen. She leaned over a little too far and crashed into Owen and elbowed him in the ribs before bursting into laughter.

"What?" Rosina squeaked, not sure if she should take offense or be excited over Taryn's last comment.

"Good idea, Red," Owen said with a mischievous grin to Taryn before turning to Rosina. "Cat, go into the men's room, go to the farthest stall and wait for me," he said with confidence to Rosina and turned his attention back to Taryn.

"WHAT?" Rosina shouted, not sure if she felt safe doing this.

"NOW!" Owen shouted without looking away from Taryn whom he was chatting with at the time.

"Yes, Moe," Rosina replied in a subdued tone of voice.

Rosina then stood up and walked toward the ladies room before slipping quickly into the men's bathroom. She scanned the room, hoping to find it empty, but to her horror she saw a man washing his hands. He chuckled and gave her a queer look before his eyes wandered over her body in an obvious way as he wavered slightly in his stance.

"Wrong door huh, honey?" The man asked with a chuckle; a sparkle of desire lived in his eye. As he spoke it was clear that he was seriously buzzed at the very least.

Thinking quickly, Rosina acted very drunk and staggered towards the far stall. The man just laughed as Rosina crashed through the far bathroom stall door, slamming it closed behind her, clumsily. Her heart thumped in her chest as her embarrassment hit her. In order to keep up her drunken front up, Rosina made retching sounds until she heard the man leave.

The look of desire that had been in the man's eye made Rosina worried, and the incident had scared her. What if the man had decided to take advantage of her drunken state? Even since she was, more or less sober, with his considerable size advantage, there would be little she could do to stop him from having his way with her. Sure she wanted to please Owen and would willingly do what he said without question. Owen was always around when she obeyed him, she felt safe with him around. She felt protected in his presence so she could easily do anything he asked of her then, he was her comfort zone.

"You need help, honey?" The drunken man asked from behind her.

Rosina snapped her head to look over her shoulder and to her terror she saw that the man that she had thought had left was now standing in the open stall door. Rosina was still bending over the toilet from when she was faking to vomit. This meant that she was bent over and in perfect position for the man to fuck her, her ass was offered up as if on a silver platter.

"I. . . I'm f . . . fine," Rosina stammered out in a weak tone of voice, still bending over.

Rosina's mind had frozen, she didn't know what to do or how to react. Panic had gripped her mind tightly and she was so confused and terrified that she didn't even struggle or fight back. This drunken man was much larger than she was and she was all alone. Her worst fear was about to be realized as she watched in dread as he stated to unbuckle his pants. He laughed a cocky, laugh as he staggered in toward Rosina, his pants fully undone, and his dick now waving in front of him. He had just put his hand on the small of Rosina's back when the bathroom door opened up.

"WHAT THE FUCK?" Owen shouted as he saw the drunken man whose pants were hanging down as he walked into the last stall.

"Piss off pall, I'm trying to get some pussy," the man said in an angry slur towards Owen before he turned his attention to Rosina and walked forward slightly.

"GET YOUR HANDS OFF OF MY GIRL!" Owen shouted as he rushed towards the mountain of a man who towered over him.

Owen was in an absolute rage beyond the reach of any logic as he quickly spanned the distance between the drunken man and himself. As soon as he was in reach of the man, Owen grasped his shoulder and tossed him back, sending the man staggering backwards, until he hit the far wall. With his pants down at his ankles the stunned drunken man presented a very visible and tempting target for Owen's foot. With a swift kick not unlike a kicker in an NFL football game punting the ball, Owen punted the drunken man's balls. This caused the drunken man to break into tears like a little girl, holding his injured balls. He was no danger to anyone, nor would he be anytime soon but Owen was in such a rage that this was not good enough for him. He rushed toward the crying man with his fist raised to punch him. Had it not been for Taryn, Owen may have beaten the man to death without even realizing it.

Taryn had rushed to investigate the instant Owen screamed after opening up the bathroom door. She arrived just in time to see Owen toss the man to the wall and punt his nuts. Once she started to pull Owen off of the drunken man Rosina joined in and the pair got him out of there. They swiftly left the nightclub and dropped a hundred dollar bill to smooth any possible troubles with the establishment. By the time they had found a small coffee shop around the way, Owen had calmed down. The adrenaline rush of the whole incident had quickly sobered up Taryn and Rosina. As they sipped their coffee, while Rosina was in the washroom, Taryn decided to discuss the incident with Owen.

"Owen dear, you have to be more careful in the future," Taryn said with an urging tone of voice, as she leaned over the table and grasped Owen's hand.

"I know," Owen replied in an ashamed tone of voice as he sighed a deep sigh of regret.

"That girl loves and trusts you implicitly, as do I!" Taryn said with a firm and loving tone of voice. "Both of us will happily do whatever you ask, you know that," Taryn added with a tone of touching conviction.

"I know, Taryn," Owen smiled a loving smile back at Taryn to convey how much that meant to him.

"But you have to think about what you're having us do, dear. You must take into account how safe it is, what the risks of us getting exposed are? That incident in the bathroom is an example of you giving an order that wasn't safe. Ordering a pretty girl to walk into a men's room in a bar all by herself? What were you thinking?" Taryn said in a shocked tone of voice as she lightly glared into his eyes with a look of disbelief.

"I wasn't. I just thought it would heighten it for her if she had to go and wait for me, you know build the anticipation," Owen said with a sad tone of voice before he sighed heavily and continued. "I didn't think that anything might happen to her in there . . . I just didn't think about it," he said with a dejected tone of voice.

"You have to consider the consequences of your orders, Honey. What if someone who knew us had spotted you and I having sex in the restaurant?" Taryn said with a fearful tone of voice. "How were you planning on explaining that?" Taryn asked with a daring tone of voice. It wasn't a moment later before both she and Owen burst into laughter over the mental picture of Owen trying to do just that.

"That would be a hard one to explain," Owen admitted as their laughter died down.

"I don't regret what we do. I just don't want to have to explain to anyone about what we do in private," Taryn said as Rosina returned and slid into the booth next to Owen.

"Hey, Rosie, how you doing?" Owen asked Rosina as she slid right up to him and embraced him from the side in an unmistakable, tenderly intimate manner.

"I'm okay, I was quite scared there. I was sure that he was going to . . ." Rosina said in a fearful tone of voice before her voice cracked and she couldn't continue, so she buried her face in Owen's shoulder for comfort.

"I'm so sorry, Rosie, I will be much more careful with what I have you do in the future. Can you forgive me?" Owen asked Rosina with a sincere and loving look that implored for understanding.

"I know you didn't mean for that to happen, and you did save me. So in my books, you're still my hero." Rosina said with a teary smile on her otherwise troubled face as she kissed him a loving kiss.

"I won't let anything happen to either of you two. I won't put either of you at risk again." Owen said with a certain and firm tone of voice, with a tear in his eye.

"We know, dear," Taryn replied with a loving and genuinely touched manner as she smiled at him and squeezed his hand.

The trio casually walked back toward the car with their arms around each other. While part of them knew that they were holding each other in far too intimate an embrace for family to be seen in public, they didn't care. The incident in the bathroom scared the three of them as it highlighted the risks of tossing out commands without due consideration of the consequences. Rosina was almost raped because of Owen's thoughtlessness. The fear of anything happening to any of them made them treasure each other that much more. Little was said on the ride home as Taryn and Rosina cuddled up in the back, with mother comforting daughter after a troubling time. When they did arrive at the house and saw Richard's car parked, they decided to leave the bags of purchases in the trunk.

"Ah there you three are!" Richard said with glee from the living room as Taryn, Rosina, and Owen came into view. "Where'd you guys go?" he asked with a light and curious tone of voice and it was clear that he wasn't mad.

"We got tired of staring at these four walls so we decided to go out to dinner, and the evening got away from us," Taryn said with a loving smile as she walked toward her husband who had been watching TV.

"New dress?" Richard asked as Taryn leaned over and kissed him.

"No, I've had this for ages," Taryn laughed with a dismissive chuckle as she sat down in the sofa next to her husband. "Goodnight you two," Taryn said with a warm smile to Owen and Rosina that she tried to keep parental and calm.

"Goodnight, mom, dad," Owen and Rosina said as they walked upstairs with their arm around each others waist.

Without saying a word, nor needing to, they walked silently into Owen's room. Striping nude calmly and casually they slipped into bed, once they were nude. Soon they were settled into the tender embrace of lovers and fell asleep in each other's arms. Rosina felt safe, being held by the man she loved, her Master. Despite the trying time in the bathroom that night it didn't bother her, for she was with the man whom she knew would always protect her.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 10
bypolyman©

Chapter Ten: Owen And Rosina

Owen awoke the next morning to a blast of light. He squinted so that he could see in amongst the wash of light. He heard the door close and knew that someone had turned the light on. It was the favorite trick of his mother to quietly and effectively wake him up. Much to his frustration, it always worked. Owen blinked and groaned as he slowly got used to the brightly lit room. He looked at the sleeping form of his sister and smiled lovingly at her.

Rosina had slept in his bed for the second night in a row, and he was fast becoming used to this pleasure. Her lithe and petite body seemed to melt into his and her warmth felt incredible as she slept, cuddled up to him. Her blonde hair spilled all about as a result of her tossing and turning; Owen took a moment to comb and smooth it out. Owen knew that they both needed to get going so he shook the sleeping beauty awake.

"Time to get up, Rosie," Owen said as he gently shook Rosina's arm.

Rosina stirred awake and looked around the room with squinted eyes for a moment before she shut them tightly and hid her face in the pillow. She groaned her complaint of the bright light with wordless protest and Owen laughed at her discomfort. For some reason the groggy-way she woke up struck him as cute and he laughed, despite himself.

"Damn light! It's not funny, Master!" Rosina scoffed as she lightly smacked Owen's shoulder while still hiding her eyes in the pillow.

"Sorry, but you just wake up in the cutest way," Owen said with a dying chuckle, as he leaned over and kissed the back of Rosina's head. "We need to get up," he said as he started to roll to get out of bed.

Just then, a hand shot out and grasped Owen's arm and tugged him back into bed. An unsuspecting Owen found himself rolling back into bed. As soon as he was near enough, Rosina cuddled up to him, practically covering him with her body. She giggled as she got comfortable, resting her head on his shoulder, holding him tightly so he couldn't go anywhere.

"NO!" Rosina shouted in a mock-pout as she held him firm. "We're not leaving this bed all day!" she said in a firm tone of voice that was heavily tainted with a giggling chuckle.

"Really?" Owen asked with a laugh. "What about school?" he asked as he looked into the smiling eyes of his newest Slave.

"Fuck school, now that I have you in bed, I don't ever want to leave," Rosina said with a loving tone of voice before she moved in and kissed Owen square on the lips.

It was a kiss that started out soft and romantic but quickly grew in passion and intensity. Both siblings were pulling and pawing at each other as they started to roll around that bed, kissing madly. At the end of the kiss Owen was on top of Rosina and his rock hard cock was throbbing against her clitoris. Rosina started to gyrate her hips to grind her pussy against his cock.

"Damnit! We gotta get moving," Owen said as he got off Rosina and up out of bed.

Not to be outdone or refused the morning fuck that she was after, Rosina quickly turned over in bed. In a flash Rosina had tossed the covers completely aside and rolled over onto her stomach. She brought her knees up and rested her head on the pillow. The result was that her ass was in the air with her knees spread shoulder-width apart. She had her head turned to the side so that she could look at Owen as she talked.

"But, Master, I need you soooo badly!" Rosina said in a sultry as she started to stroke her slit with her index finger. "I have an itch that only you and your fat cock can scratch," she continued in a needy tone of voice as she watched Owen eye her up.

"We slept in, we have to get moving," Owen said as he looked over the tempting sight of his sister.

"Yeah we need to get moving, we need to get your fat cock moving in and out of my hot little pussy. I need you, Master, your Slave needs you, Master, I've been a good Slave, and we never did get the chance to fuck last night, give it to me. Fuck me!" Rosina whined out and her voice started to break up in a frustrated growl.

Owen looked at his sister who began to probe her pussy with her index finger. She started to moan as she brought herself pleasure with her own finger. It was clear that she was hot and needed his cock, sure they were running late, but was anyone too busy for pussy? Owen walked back to be bed and knelt behind his sister. She quickly grasped his cock when it was near enough and lined it up to her waiting pussy.

"Just remember to breathe through that pillow and try to keep quiet!" Owen said as he slid forward and into Rosina's pussy with the help of her guiding hand.

"Yes, Master," Rosina said with a blissful sigh, her voice was muffled and distorted by the pillow that she clutched to her face.

Owen sank his cock further and further into his sister's pussy and still couldn't believe his luck. She was the tightest pussy he had ever seen, let alone thrust his cock into. Yet not only did he have the good fortune of fucking her, she was his. Not just as his lover, she was his Slave, and eagerly performed any task he required of her. If she wasn't his sister, he could see himself falling hard for her and perhaps one day marrying her. The fact was that she was his sister and so marriage and kids wasn't an option. Once his cock had fully imbedded itself inside the pussy of the woman in question, Owen no longer cared that she was his sister, she was one hot fuck.

"I'll never get tired of this, Master." Rosina mewed in a contented voice that sounded like a drug addict that had just been given their latest hit. "Thanks, Master, I needed this. I really did!" she added with a deep, guttural voice as she began to rock back and forth.

Owen stood there, kneeling behind Rosina and watched as she fucked herself on his cock while he stood still. He looked down and watched his cock sliding in and out of her pussy while he just knelt there. After a moment of this and a frustrated growl from Rosina, Owen grasped her hips and started to thrust. Once Owen took over the fuck, Rosina stopped thrusting and just let herself get fucked by the man she worshiped.

Rosina's life had taken such an abrupt turn in the last week and it hit her strangely as Owen fucked her wildly. One week ago she and Owen barely spoke, and even then it was quick, casual and in passing. She was eagerly studying to be a nurse so school and her studies dominated her life. She didn't date much, not because she didn't get offers, she did get asked out from time to time. Mostly she didn't date because she couldn't spare the time. Now, one week later she was on her brother's bed getting fucked by the man who was not only her lover, but her Master. She belonged to him in a real sense and that thought brought a feeling of peace and contentment to her. She loved the fact that there was a man who owned her, a man to look out for and protect her. The only thought that brought her pain was the fact that since he was her brother, she could never marry him or bear his children. She desperately wanted to carry his child and offer up to him the ultimate gift she could give her Master, his child. She pushed the saddening thought out of her mind as she instead focused on the release she needed.

Rosina knew, like Owen did, that this stolen moment of passion couldn't last long and they needed to wrap it up quickly. Rosina started to rock her hips, to meet his thrusts with a thrust of her own. She wanted to feel him explode deep inside her; she loved the way it felt to have the deepest depths of her pussy washed in his cum. A sinfully delicious thought crept across her lips when it happened that this was her brother's cum in her pussy.

"Oh God!" Owen moaned as he quickened his pace of fucking.

"YES! Cum in me!" Rosina squealed with excitement as she hammered back at him, quicker still.

"Cumming!" Owen moaned out as he threw his head back, slammed into Rosina's pussy one last time and let lose.

Rosina felt pure bliss when Owen's cock started spewing his hot cum inside her. The seed seemed to wash her pussy in warmth. Rosina swore from that moment on that she wouldn't take her pill anymore. She didn't care that he was her brother, she didn't care of the risks of the pregnancy. All Rosina wanted at that moment was a child from the only man she wanted to be with for the rest of her life. The heat of the moment and the wickedness of her resolution triggered her orgasm. Rosina clutched the pillow tight as she tried in vein to stifle her orgasmic screams. Rosina wondered how any woman could be expected to keep quiet when getting fucked by the perfect cock. The back end of their respective orgasms wasn't as quick or sudden as how it had started. Owen slumped over Rosina when his cock was spent and his weight caused her to crash to the bed. The two incestuous lovers breathed heavy as they caught their breath from the short but intense fuck.

"Now we really do have to get moving," Owen said as he kissed Rosina on the cheek.

"I know," Rosina said with a loving smile on her face as she turned her head to look at him.

"Wait here for a minute or two," Owen said as he pulled out of Rosina and climbed out of bed.

Rosina felt hollow without him inside her and tried to hide her disappointment that he wasn't. The sad look in her eye betrayed her hidden feelings and in response Owen smiled at her a comforting smile. Owen tossed his robe on and his smile grew broadly as he slipped out of the room.

After slipping into Rosina's room to retrieve her bathrobe he opened the door to his room just enough to toss that robe at Rosina. Owen had just walked into the bathroom and was closing the door when it abruptly opened up again. Owen turned around, expecting to see Rosina, trying to sneak a shower with him that morning. Instead of a smiling Rosina, Owen saw Taryn, his mother, who was quite angry, her red face made that obvious. Her eyes were slits as she reached up and grasped Owen by the throat and tossed him up against the bathroom door.

"The next time you two decide to fuck when Richard is home why don't you go ahead and bend her over the diner table!" Taryn growled in a low tone of voice an inch from Owen's face.

"We were quiet!" Owen replied nervously, half-convinced of what he was saying.

"HA! I was in the kitchen and I knew what you were doing. I had to pretend I couldn't hear the noises Richard heard!" Taryn said in the same angry tone of voice while she kept her voice down.

"What noises? Rosie had her head in a pillow the whole time," Owen shrugged with a confused tone of voice and a wrinkled forehead.

"Headboard! Wall! Need I say more?" Taryn said with a stern look on her face before she burst into laughter.

"Oh." Owen said as he winced in embarrassment and shame.

"I swear sometimes you want Richard to find out!" Taryn said before she leaned in and kissed Owen in a lingering kiss on the lips.

"Care for a shower, Red?" Owen asked in a sultry tone of voice as he nodded in the direction of the shower.

"I'd love to but we can't spare the time," Taryn said with a dismayed tone of voice.

"Shall I make it an order?" Owen teased with a raised eyebrow and a cheeky smile on his face.

"If you do, then you might as well walk downstairs right now and confess everything to Richard. I swear I'll moan like a whore so loudly that I'll make Rosina seem quiet!" Taryn said with a tone that dripped with sex yet still conveyed her resolute conviction.

"I have decided to shower alone," Owen said with a firm tone of voice that weakly hid his fear that lived in his eyes.

"A wise decision, Master," Taryn giggled as she leaned forward and gave Owen a hot kiss while pulling Owen away from the door. "Bye, Master," Taryn said as she slipped out of the door, leaving Owen hard, horny and alone.

Owen briefly thought of calling Rosina into the bathroom for a quick romp but decided against it. It didn't take long for Owen and Rosina to get ready for the day. Somehow Owen and Rosina kept a straight face when Richard asked them, over breakfast, if they had heard the odd sounds that morning. Once they were out the door and on their way to school, Owen explained what Taryn had said. Rosina was a little embarrassed that their father overheard their private time together.

On the short bus-ride to school Rosina insisted on snuggling up to Owen this morning like the previous morning. Owen was more comfortable with showing affection for his sister in public this morning than he was last morning. As they walked across the campus, hand in hand, a warm feeling grew in Owen's heart. His feelings for Rosina were getting confusing and complicated. He loved her as a sister but even in their short time together in a romantic relationship, she was already quite special to him. After she kissed him goodbye and walked away from him to go to her class, Owen watched her go. He already missed her, not as his sister, or as his lover, or even as his Slave, but instead as a companion. Owen couldn't deny that he was starting to think of his younger sister as his girlfriend and shook his head to push the odd thought out of his head.

All morning at school Owen found his thoughts drifting back to Rosina and how serious things were getting between them, so quickly. Owen didn't know what was right or even what he really wanted. He had never been that close to Rosina and now all of a sudden he couldn't imagine her not in his life. Was it the great sex? Was it the fact that he had completely dominated his own sister? Was it something more, was he actually falling in love with his sister? Could such a thing be possible? As strange as it seemed, the thought of falling in love with his sister troubled him a lot more than simply having sex with her or even dominating her. To fall in love with her would take everything to a whole new level, one that was not what he signed up for when he started things up with his mother a week ago. Owen had been sitting on a bench, enjoying the lovely weather, pondering all this over when he heard someone approach from behind.

"Guess who?" a gleeful female voice asked as everything went black.

"Rosie?" Owen asked in a false-unsure tone of voice.

"No, it's Cat. Come with me, Master," Rosina whispered in Owen's ear with a tone of voice that dripped with sex and then licked his earlobe, sending a shiver down his spine.

"Let me think about that," Owen said with a pondering tone of voice. "Okay!" he added energetically, almost immediately.

Rosina grasped Owen by the hand and led him down the path between two of the campus's buildings. Looking around quickly to see if anyone saw them, Rosina darted behind a thick bush, dragging Owen with her. Owen saw that they were up against one of the buildings and in an inside corner, completely obscured by the large and thick bush. Rosina gently pushed Owen up against the brick building while smiling up at him with a wicked yet lustful smile.

"I've been thinking of this since the restaurant last night," Rosina said with a sultry tone of voice as she dropped to her knees before Owen.

"Have you now?" Owen asked with a smirk on his face as he watched Rosina start to unbuckle his pants.

"Oh yeah, I can't wait to have this monster down my throat, Master," Rosina said with an excited tone of voice while she bit her lower lip, as Owen's cock came into view.

Rosina didn't waste any time as she grasped Owen's cock by the base and licked her lips while she leaned forward. Rosina closed her eyes as she wrapped her lips around the head of his cock. Slowly she moved forward, taking more of his cock into her mouth. Soon enough the fat head hit the back of her mouth, and Rosina backed up and let the cock slip passed her lips. Once again she brought the cock back into her mouth and she mentally prepared herself once the head reached the back of her throat. Without pausing and with monumental determination Rosina forced her head forward. Her throat felt completely full and stretched as the fat head started to slide down her throat. Rosina felt her gag reflex kicking up but she pressed on, until she felt pubic hairs at her nose. Rosina wanted to shout out in victory and excitement but she couldn't even smile for she was completely full of her Master's cock. She pulled back and let his cock slip almost out of her mouth until she then let it slide back into her mouth and down her throat. She didn't gag as much this time, and even less the next time. Soon enough Rosina was deep-throating Owen like she had always wanted.

"Oh God Rosie, you're doing it! You've got me down your throat!" Owen moaned out in a lustful tone of reverence as he felt his knees start to buckle.

Rosina picked up the pace of her blowjob upon hearing Owen's praise for her. What was not lost on her even as his thick cock was down her throat was that he called her Rosie and not Cat. Could he feel as strongly for her as she felt for him? This morning was special in so many ways, for they were starting to feel like a couple, at least in her eyes. She looked up at him as she continued to suck his cock and the love that he had for her showed in his eyes. It was at that moment that Rosina knew; she really knew that Owen loved her. Rosina sucked hard because she wanted to feel him cum down her throat. She wanted to please him, not as her Master, but as her boyfriend, as her man.

"OOOOHHH GAAAWWWDD!" Owen screamed in a loud moan as his orgasm hit him.

Since Rosina had wanted to feel him cumming deep down her throat, it was fortunate that it was all the way down her throat when he came. When his cock started cuming the head swelled slightly, completely lodging itself in her throat. All Rosina could do was swallow, repeatedly and wait for the waves to subside. Owen's knees shook as the intense climax ripped through him, and only the wall held him up. When it was over his knees finally gave out and he found himself sitting on the ground. Rosina lovingly licked his cock clean before pulling his pants back up.

After Owen was covered up, Rosina moved up and cuddled up with him. It was a private spot and a tender moment between lovers. Rosina loved the feeling of holding him and his arms around her always made her feel safe and secure, now they also made her fell loved. They held each other behind that bush, saying nothing for awhile.

Soon enough though, it was time to return to class and they both knew it. They stood up, brushed the dirt off each other before walking out from behind the bush, hand in hand. They had just stopped to kiss goodbye when someone spoke up, to break their private goodbye.

"What's this? Looks like Owen's got himself a girl!" a male voice said with a voice that was filled with laughter.

Both Owen and Rosina turned to see a handsome guy who looked to be somewhere around their age, approaching. He stood taller than Owen and was quite lean, almost to the point that he looked to have been stretched. As a result of his tall and lean build his arms and legs looked to be much longer than they were. His blonde hair was short and spiky all over and he had a carefree air about him. He was the type of guy who seemed to bring the party with him and could brighten up an insurance seminar.

"Hey, Fred, what's up?" Owen said with a smile as Fred arrived to stand right in front of them.

"You tell me!" Fred chuckled as he slapped Owen on the shoulder and laughed. "Don't tell me that not only have you finally got yourself a girl, but you managed to nab one of the reluctant hoties!" he added with amazed laughter as he slapped Owen on the shoulder.

"What can I say," Owen laughed nervously as he looked at Fred, hoping that he would go away.

"Reluctant hoties?" Rosina asked Fred with an eyebrow to convey her dubious curiosity.

"Oh, sorry," Fred chuckled as he saw the expression on Rosina's face. "I mean that you're one of the hot girls at this place who never dates anyone," he explained seriously with a smile that seemed to live on his face. 

"Oh," Rosina laughed nervously, as she didn't think of herself as "hot."

"As a matter of fact I asked you out last month and you shot me down," Fred said with a knowing smirk on his face as he shook his finger at her. "Was that because you were already studying 'anatomy' with my man Owen here?" Fred asked with a hearty laugh as he slapped Owen on the shoulder.

"No, I hadn't asked him out yet, but I did have my eye on him," Rosina said as she winked at Fred but kissed Owen briefly.

"You chased him?" Fred said to Rosina with an amazed look on his face.

"Absolutely! A girl knows a stud when she sees him!" Rosina said as she grasped Owen by the collar and kissed him again with a forceful kiss.

"Buddy, your luck never ceases to amaze me," Fred said to Owen with a big smile on his face as he slapped Owen's shoulder again.

"What can I say, I'm a lucky guy to have Rosie here as my girl," Owen said with a loving smile to Rosina before glancing over to Fred.

"Well, you guys look good together. Listen, Carol and I are going to McDougal's Pub tomorrow night to check out a new band that's playing, why don't you guys come along?" Fred said casually and looked back and forth between Owen and Rosina, with an expectant expression.

"Sounds good to me, what do you say, honey?" Rosina asked Owen with an expectant sparkle in her eye.

"Yeah! Sounds like fun, sweetie," Owen said with a warm smile at Rosina.

"Great, see you two lovebirds there," Fred said as he walked away and into a nearby building.

"So does this mean I'm 'officially' your girlfriend? In public, I mean?" Rosina asked Owen with a bright smile on her face as she looked at Owen, hopefully.

"Yeah, I guess so," Owen replied with a warm smile as he squeezed Rosina tighter.

"Great!" Rosina squealed with excitement. "You're lucky I love you because, so far you have been a terrible boyfriend!" she added with a forced straight expression.

"What do you mean?" Owen shot back defensively, with a light scowl on his face.

"So far in our relationship all we've done is have sex, you haven't taken me out once! I may just break up with you!" Rosina replied in a manner of playful anger.

"Hey! We went out last night!" Owen replied with a defensive tone of voice that was covered with a smile.

"If mom's there, it doesn't count as a date!" Rosina said with a half-closed eye of a stern expression that was tainted by a smirk.

"True," Owen conceded with a shrug of his shoulders.

"Bye, honey," Rosina said as she kissed Owen a lingering goodbye kiss.

"Bye, sweetie," Owen said as Rosina walked away.

That afternoon Owen could focus more on his classes, and less on Rosina. It felt right that they had admitted to the world that they were together. For some reason taking this step didn't seem odd or weird, even thought he was now publicly dating his sister. Well, nobody knew that Rosina was his sister, but now everyone would know her as his girlfriend. That thought didn't bother him, for it seemed the natural next step for them. Granted things were going fast but nothing seemed to be forced.

When classes were over for the day, Owen walked out of class he got an unexpected surprise. Owen walked out and had turned a corner, in order to walk out the building. Someone didn't like this development and let her opinion be known.

"Owen Thompson, are you trying to avoid your girlfriend?" Rosina shouted after the departing Owen with a big smile on her face.

Rosina was sitting in a nearby seating area, keeping an eye on his classroom, while doing some homework. Owen spun around and saw Rosina sitting quietly, but smiling up at him with a huge grin on her face. He walked over to her with a large smile on his face, happy with this pleasant surprise.

"Rosie, what are you doing here?" Owen asked Rosina after he kissed her a greeting kiss.

"Waiting for my hot stud of a boyfriend to finish his class," Rosina said as her hand lingered on Owen's upper arm.

"Well, in that case I should clear off before he gets here," Owen said in a playful tone of voice as he stood upright and turned to leave.

"Don't you dare!" Rosina chuckled as she grasped Owen's arm tight and pulled him down to kiss her once more. "You know you're the only man for me," Rosina said in a serious tone of voice and a warm smile that conveyed her seriousness.

"Let's go home, sweetheart," Owen chuckled as he stopped trying to walk away.

Rosina packed up her books and the pair left the building in order to make their way home. They walked not holding hands but instead they had an arm around each other's waist. Neither of them gave a thought as to what someone might say if they saw them together. Both siblings were confident that the world didn't know that they were brother and sister instead of boyfriend and girlfriend.

As they got off the bus they knew that in this neighborhood people knew they were brother and sister. It was as if when they switched roles, without saying anything. Rosina gave Owen a strained look as slyly as she could, to let him know her displeasure of the required distance. Once they walked into their house, they felt safe and knew that they could express their love, at least when their father wasn't home.

"Hey, mom, we're home!" Owen called out as he closed the door, once both he and Rosina were inside.

"Hey, dears, how was your day?" Taryn called out from the kitchen.

"I'll be down in a bit, I gotta change," Rosina said casually as she kissed Owen before walking briskly toward the stairs.

Owen watched Rosina walk away before he walked toward the kitchen to visit with his mother. He walked through the door and stopped in his tracks when his eyes fell on Taryn. There she was, standing in front of the stove cooking dinner, not even turning to look at him. Taryn had changed from her typical work attire and into something appropriate for home. Or rather, at least it was something that Owen had described as what she was supposed to wear around the house.

Taryn was wearing a yellow dress that he didn't know that she owned, and looked a few sizes too small for her. It hugged and shaped her curves quite well, framing her accentuated hourglass figure exquisitely. The back was quite open, for the back plunged down in a wide scooping arch to ¾'s of the way to the waist. The hem was quite high, higher than mid-thigh and the dress would be a risqué one to wear in public. For that matter, it would be a good idea for her not to wear that dress when Richard was home, for it would invite undue attention.

"Nice dress," Owen said with a tone of voice that dripped with sex and desire.

"Thanks, I've had it for years but it's been so long since I could wear this in public anymore." Taryn said with a laugh as she continued to stir the pot that she was mindlessly monitoring. "I wore it for you," she added with a naughty tone of voice as she winked at Owen over her shoulder.

"I thought so, you look hot in it," Owen said as he casually strode over to Taryn, standing behind her. "Damn hot," he said as he caressed her hips, tracing her curves with a firm hand.

Owen's left hand remained on Taryn's waist and his right hand traveled up her side with a firm touch. Once his hand had found her armpit, he reached forward and cupped a handful of breast. Boldly he started to tug the top of the dress down, but it wouldn't budge. Taryn quickly unbuttoned the top five buttons on the dress that had buttons running all the way down the front, spaced an inch apart. Taryn's breasts sprang free and Owen caressed them openly as Taryn moaned and leaned back against Owen. Owen's left hand then traveled down Taryn's hip until it reached thigh. Then his hand moved around to the inside of Taryn's thigh and started to travel up to her groin. As expected, Taryn's excitement and anticipation was running down her leg.

With a lusty chuckle he released Taryn's breast, much to her groan of protest and he pulled his hand away from her groin. Taryn didn't have long to wonder what was going on or what he was going to do. Boldly and without asking he grasped the sides of Taryn's dress and pulled up on the bottom hem. Slowly the tight dress slid up her sides until the dress was bunched up at her waist and Taryn stood nude from the waist down.

Owen pulled back on Taryn's hips which caused her to have to lean forward. With instinct she spread her legs a little wider to give him access to her dripping pussy. She felt the heat of the stove on her breasts that hung down near the bubbling pot of dinner. Once again Owen's hand returned to Taryn's groin and he stroked her pussy with one stroke starting from her clitoris, and running a finger down her slit.

Owen unzipped his fly and dropped his pants; that sound caused Taryn's lust to bubble like dinner. That sound was increasingly becoming quite a turn-on for Taryn, for it meant that she would get more of Owen's cock. Taryn didn't have long to anticipate, for as soon as his cock was free of its confines, he leaned forward. With on hand on her hip to steady himself and another hand on his cock to guide, he positioned himself to mount her.

Once again, not a word was said as his fat cockhead started to spread her nether-lips. Slowly he pushed forward and his cock sank all the way in until his groin met Taryn's ass. He sat there for a moment to revel in the sensation and remember the moment. He chuckled to himself that he was balls-deep inside his mother's pussy as she cooked dinner in the kitchen.

Owen didn't wait long before he withdrew his cock and began to stroke the pussy of his mother. Desperately they both selfishly sought their own explosion of pleasure from this one act. The very public setting for their coupling was the furthest thing from their minds as they fucked in front of that stove. Taryn rocked her hips to meet each and every one of Owen's thrusts as he pounded into her from behind. A few times Tarn quickly leaned up, as her swinging breasts grazed the hot pot of dinner. The danger of getting burned added to the heat of the escapade for Taryn. Owen loved taking his mother when and where he wanted, and was drunk on the power that he held over her. Savagely he thrust into her and his passion and lust quickly built within him until he exploded within his mother with the force of a fire-hose. Taryn was quick to follow him and came when she felt him cuming within her. Owen had to hold her up for fear she would burn herself as she almost collapsed onto the stove.

"What are you doing! Dad's home!" Rosina shouted as she burst into the kitchen, clearly she was in an absolute panic.

"WHAT! RICHARD'S HOME!" Taryn shrieked as she stood up and pushed away from the stove. "Get off me! I have to change!" she shouted as she rushed out of the room without looking back.

"You'd better pull those up and stir dinner quickly before dad finds you, either like that or me blowing you where you stand!" Rosina said to Owen with a wicked grin on her face before she walked over to the cupboards and pulled out a fistful of silverware.

"Yeah, that would be hard to explain wouldn't it," Owen said as he pulled up his pants.

Owen had just picked up the spoon and had started to stir dinner when Richard walked into the kitchen. Rosina was in the dining room setting the table, pretending all was normal, trying to hide the pounding heart in her chest. Richard walked into the kitchen with a wide smile on his face but gave his son an odd look before he spoke.

"Evening, son, where's your mother?" Richard asked with a chipper tone of voice.

"Upstairs, changing," Owen replied with a calm and unconcerned manner. "What you doing home early?" he asked with a curious tone of voice.

"You mean, what am I doing home on time?" Richard said with a chuckle as he slapped Owen on the shoulder.

"Yeah," Owen laughed in reply as he continued to stir dinner.

"We won an important case so all the late nights are done for a bit," Richard said as he walked toward the door, "Great news, eh?" he said as he left the kitchen, on his way upstairs to change.

"Yeah, no fun at home for awhile," Owen muttered under his breath as he glanced at the door where his father departed through.

Dinner was a tense affair as most of the family didn't know how to behave around Richard. It was as if a stranger was within their midst and they all had to be on their best behavior. The casual talk about their days were no longer there, as was usual over dinner. Taryn, Rosina and Owen didn't want to let slip any hint of the changed relationship between them that had quickly become to seem normal to them. Where before Rosina would have felt comfortable telling her mother about the blowjob she had given Owen at school, she didn't dare. Part way through dinner Richard dropped a bombshell, the full effect of which wasn't known until much later that evening.

"It's so nice to have you home for dinner, dear," Taryn said in a well disguised, tense tone of voice that sounded convincingly pleasant.

"Yes, it's good to be home," Richard said with a smile to Taryn. "We won the Newton case so the firm is holding a celebratory banquet this Saturday," he said with a smile to Taryn who smiled a pale smile in reply.

"Lovely, dear, it's been a while since we've been to one of those. It must have been a really big case then!" Taryn said with a well-polished pleasant tone of voice.

"It was, dear, that was why I wasn't around for the last while. But all that changed today with the verdict today." Richard said with a bright smile on his face as he looked at his wife.

"Wonderful, dear," Taryn said with a smile at Richard before she shot a worried look to Owen and Rosina.

The rest of the evening was spent with Taryn and Richard watching some TV. Rosina was sequestered in her room studying and doing homework that she needed to catch up on. Owen was in his room doing the same, but still missed his mother and sister's intimate company. Later that night, Rosina did sneak into Owen's room and the couple settled down into bed for the night. Even though it was the third night together it already was an unwritten rule that they would do so every night. In the middle of the night Owen was shook awake and the first thing he saw was the worried expression on his mother's face.

"What is it?" Owen asked as he sat up, the action causing Rosina to wake up as well.

"What!" Rosina groaned in complaint as she sat up and instinctively snuggling up to Owen.

"We need to talk, Master," Taryn said as she looked at Owen with a most distressed look on her face.

"What is it, Red?" Owen asked as he pulled back the covers, silently inviting Taryn into the bed.

"It's horrible," Taryn said in a mournful tone of voice as the three people scooted together and cuddled up in that bed with Owen in the middle.

"Just tell us about it, Red," Owen said in a calming tone of voice as he stroked Taryn's shoulder in a comforting manner.

"You know that celebratory dinner your father's firm is holding this Saturday?" Taryn asked Owen with a troubled tone of voice, looking at Owen with piercing, wet eyes.

"Yes, what about it?" Owen asked, as he continued to stroke Taryn's shoulder.

"I know how it goes, it's always the same," Taryn said and let out a deep sigh. "Dinner, boring conversation as I spend the evening on his arm feeling like an accessory, followed by spending the night in the hotel where they hold it . . . where we have sex," she added with an embarrassed tone of voice. "He'll want sex, Master, I know he will," she said as she looked at Owen with a fearful tone of voice.

"Do what you must, Red, I'll take care of you before and after," Owen said in a consoling and comforting manner.

"I don't know if I can, Master. He's my husband but I don't know if I can bring myself to actually have sex with him again!" Taryn said with a worried tone of voice as she broke down and cried in Owen's arms.

"You have my permission to have sex with him, Red, so there's nothing wrong with it," Owen said calmly with a confident tone of voice.

"We all know that you have to have sex with him, if he wants you to. If you refuse him, even he will know something's wrong. It may cause him to wonder what's going on with you," Rosina said with a compassionate tone of voice.

"I know, I just don't want to. I will do it, but I won't like it," Taryn said as she sighed deeply, momentarily content to hold her Master.

It'll work out, Red . . . but for now, what do you say to messing about for a bit?" Owen asked with a cheeky and sultry tone of voice with a smirk on his face.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 11
bypolyman©

Chapter Eleven: The Pivotal Saturday Night

AUTHOR'S NOTE TO THE READER

Time is a funny thing, what seems so firm and certain at one point can change over time. When I originally wrote this chapter I decided to end this because I wasn't comfortable with the subject matter. As a writer it is my choice to end a story when and how I choose. However, sometimes the story itself can demand to be told, such is the case with this one. I hate doing a poor job at anything I do, so the thought of a story that I ended prematurely with a hasty and careless ending, didn't sit well with me. Everyone knew there was much more of this story yet to be told, the reader, the story and even myself. I will push through and tell the story in the manner that it needs to be told, and end it when the story has been told properly. From here on out, the story will become, bolder, darker, and perhaps just a touch more twisted. For those of you who venture forth, consider yourselves warned. This chapter has been changed slightly and has been given a new ending in order to allow the story to continue. Enjoy the rebirth of Big Changes at Home!

* * * * * * * *

The next few days were an odd and tense few around the house, as everything had to appear as if everything were normal. Owen and Rosina no longer could show affection around the house for fear Richard would find out. Neither could Taryn seek comfort in Owen's arms at night, like she desperately wanted to. There was an unspoken dread of Saturday night by all but Richard, who was evidently looking forward to the outing. Owen and Rosina could seek sexual release in the secluded corners at school during the day, but had to control themselves at night. Taryn wasn't so lucky, having no such avenue for release, as Karen made sure to keep her distance during the day. Taryn had tried on a few occasions to seduce Karen into another round of lesbian sex but to no avail. Come Saturday night, Taryn was feeling quite agitated and needing release, but doubted that Richard would be able to get her off adequately. With a grumble and scowl at Owen, that Richard didn't notice, the pair was off for their evening together.

Richard and Taryn did have a lovely evening together and for the most part Taryn played her role as "doting wife" expertly. It was a role she had played many times before and it was a necessary diversion for Taryn from the conflict in her mind. The food and wine were excellent, as usual, but Taryn couldn't taste it. These evenings used to be a high point for Taryn that she would live for. It was one of the few times that she and Richard would go out and do anything together as husband and wife. This time, rather than anticipate the sex that was about to take place, she hated the thought of it.

Eventually, even the dancing was over and Taryn found herself staring at the floor indicator of the elevator, wishing it would stop. She watched the floor-numbers change from one to the next and her heart sunk a little more as the numbers climbed higher. She almost jumped with Richard put his hand on the small of her back to guide her out of the elevator. She smiled at him politely as she walked beside her husband down the hall, toward their hotel room.

Taryn's mind raced to find anyway out of this, any reason not to sleep with him. She didn't want Richard, she didn't ache for his cock to pound her pussy that night, she wanted her son's instead. As odd as it was, she felt like she was about to betray her true husband, Owen, by sleeping with her actual husband, Richard. With this strange turmoil in her mind and heart the door closed behind her and the room was deathly quiet. Richard had walked into the room and stood by the bed and smiled at his wife with a sultry smirk on his face.

"Alone at last, my dear," Richard said as he removed his jacket, tossing it over a nearby chair.

"Yes, dear," Taryn smiled warmly at him as she walked toward him.

Taryn put a sultry smile on her face that was quite fake, as she reached out to her husband. She enveloped him in her arms and kissed him with passion that was just as fake as the smile. Even the kiss felt wrong and this was just the precursor to the main event, the sex. As the kiss progressed, Richard had reached behind Taryn and unzipped her dress. Taryn was conflicted for this meant that the evening was moving along faster than she was ready for, but the faster the sex happened, the faster it would be over. Taryn reached up and began to undress Richard as he started to undress her. They kissed as the clothes started to be shed and passions started to rise, at least it seemed that way.

Taryn was trying to imagine that she was with Owen, in order to gain some pleasure in the act. Richard was trying to imagine that he was with his beloved Mistress. For both of them their imaginations were hard to keep up as the other wasn't acting like their desired lovers. Somehow the sexual escapade seemed to continue on "auto-pilot," since both of their minds were elsewhere. Richard had caressed and kissed his way around Taryn's breasts for, clearly a casual and hurried period of time. Taryn had just started to get into his oral attentions to her breasts before Richard loomed over her.

Taryn looked up at her husband and smiled lovingly at him to hide the shame she felt inside. She knew the moment was at hand, she knew that Richard was about to mount her. Taryn was about to have sex with her husband for the first time in weeks and instead of being turned on and horny beyond belief, she wanted to puke. She was so ashamed of herself for betraying her Master, the man she loved and the only man she wanted to fuck. She prayed that her son would forgive her for betraying him, and allowing another man's cock into her body. Even though Taryn knew that Owen had consented and understood to necessity of this sexual act, it didn't lessen how cheap she felt. For the first time in her life, Taryn saw herself as a whore, a slut, a cheep and dirty slut, for fucking Richard.

Richard rocked his hips forward and his cock lined up to his wife's pussy as if it knew the way on its own. With a steady push, his cock slit Taryn's nether lips and slid into her pussy as it had done many times before. Taryn cooed a fake noise of approval that was just for Richard's benefit as his cock slid into her. Taryn felt little pleasure from the cock that once had brought her to many orgasms. The cock that was inside her now was the one cock that rightfully should be there, but was not the one she wanted. Taryn wanted to cry and fought hard not to let the tears onto her face. Taryn pulled Richard down to her so she could put her face over his shoulder.

"Fuck me, my husband, fuck me!" Taryn hissed in a husky tone that wavered only slightly with the guilt and pain that she felt.

"Yes, my hot wife, I will!" Richard grunted back with an eager and lustful tone of voice.

What followed was a dry and passionless fuck that neither enjoyed at all. In fact, Richard had to concentrate to keep his erection and nearly lost it a few times. Taryn kept hoping that Richard would cum so she could fake an orgasm and finish this dreadful scene. As the fuck drew on, it became clear that the end was not in sight anytime soon. Taryn tried desperately to hold on just a little longer, telling herself that Richard wouldn't last much longer. The only benefit from the lack of passion within Richard was that his staying power was much, much longer than he was used to. Taryn, however couldn't last that long apparently, it wasn't her passion that boiled over, and it was her shame which burst forth.

"STOP! STOP!" Taryn cried out as her tears finally overwhelmed her, while Richard continued to stroke her pussy with slow, steady strokes.

"What is it?" Richard asked with a look of confusion and fear on his face as he stopped fucking his wife.

"This is all wrong! Doesn't this feel wrong to you?" Taryn sobbed out as she cried uncontrollably.

Taryn looked in her husband's face for a moment before looking off in another direction. She didn't know what she was going to say but her shame and guilt couldn't be contained any longer. Richard looked down at Taryn in fear, as he wondered if she somehow felt his secret. Could she know that he didn't want to be there? Did she know that he longed to be in the arms of his beloved former Mistress?

"What?" Richard asked, hoping that his voice wouldn't squeak in fear.

"Do you really want to want to fuck me right now?" Taryn asked bluntly as she stared deep into Richard's eyes.

"Of course, dear!" Richard answered back indignantly, with a bold face lie.

Taryn read in his eyes that he was lying and looked away from him in shame. Her husband didn't want her and she felt it was because he could see that she didn't want him. She looked back in his eyes for a moment before she burst into tears. Even Richard knew that she had seen through his lie. What would he say, how would he explain that he didn't want her? How could he explain the reason for his resent moodiness?

"GET OFF ME!" Taryn snapped, as she fought to get Richard off her, that instant.

Taryn couldn't stand to have Richard near her just now. She needed some space as she tried to focus on just what to say to him. She needed to keep her head about her or she would say the wrong thing. Once out from under him Taryn walked briskly across the room and stood there, facing away from the bed in no particular direction. She caught her breath and wondered how to explain her actions, trying to calm down.

"What happened to us?" Richard asked with a sad tone of voice as he sat on the edge of the bed looking at Taryn who was still facing away from him.

"You tell me. There was a time when we couldn't keep our hands off of each other!" Taryn said in a snippy tone of voice, over her shoulder. "It's been weeks since we've made love and clearly, neither of us is in the mood!" she added and started to cry once more. "Where did the passion go, Richard? What happened to the man I married?" she asked as she turned and looked at her husband on the bed.

Richard looked up at his wife and once their eyes locked his eyes started to water. His guilt and shame had risen in him until it reached the point where he couldn't keep quiet anymore. While he didn't know what good would come of telling his wife about his former Mistress, he knew he had to confess.

Taryn saw the pain in Richard's eyes and somehow knew that it was not the pain of rejection. She knew that he had a painful story of his own to tell and gave him a questioning look. Richard motioned to her to sit down beside him without saying a word. Quietly she sat down beside her husband with a tense look on her face, knowing that he was about to tell her something ominous.

Richard then set about and confessed to Taryn all about Heather. He told her how it started, some of the things they did and about the nature of their relationship. He tried to explain to her that he needed the domination to truly enjoy sex. He wanted his wife to understand that he didn't stray because he didn't love her or didn't find her sexy. He wanted her to understand his strange desires and urges which he had keep hidden for so long.

Taryn sat there quietly, confused and shocked by what she was hearing. She understood his need to submit to someone, for it was a drive that she shared. It was that desire to be dominated that led her to her being Owen's Slave. Part of her wanted to tell him that she understood what he was going through. Though, the other part of her wanted to know one final question before she could confess anything.

"How long has it been going on?" Taryn asked with a calm and quiet tone of voice, looking Richard in the eye as she waited for an answer.

"It's over now, it has been for a few weeks," Richard said, hoping to avoid answering that one question.

"But how long did it go on for?" Taryn asked in a slightly firmer tone of voice.

"Too long," Richard said in a mournful tone of voice, hanging his head in shame.

"How long?" Taryn asked in a commanding tone of voice.

"Ten years," Richard replied meekly, almost instantly.

"TEN YEARS!" Taryn screeched as she stood up.

"Yes," Richard replied in a submissive manner.

"TEN!" Taryn shouted angrily.

"Yes," Richard said and his whole being shrunk,

"YEARS!" Taryn growled, as she vibrated in rage.

"Yes," Richard said and began to sob in shame.

Taryn stood there and was absolutely outraged for the length and depth of Richard's betrayal. Her husband had been seeing another woman for the past ten years. Sure Taryn was involved with Owen and knew that was wrong, but it had only been over the past week or so. Richard had been happily carrying on an affair with a woman who dominated him for the past ten years. Taryn's thought that perhaps Richard was somehow responsible for her servitude to Owen flared up again. If Richard had been a proper husband to her for the past ten years perhaps she wouldn't have been so lonely and susceptible to Owen. Taryn's blood boiled for what Richard had done and her rage took over, logic leaving her mind at that moment.

"You little bastard, you've been fucking around on me for the past ten years!" Taryn growled as she leaned in, towering over Richard who still was looking down at his feet.

"Yes," Richard sobbed, mortified for what he had done to his wife.

Without warning, Taryn reached down, grasped a clump of Richard's short hair and tugged back. With shock and fear on his face he looked up into the incensed eyes of his wife. He could see that she was out for blood, and her rage burned intently for him. Richard sat there, petrified, not moving a muscle, not wanting to anger her anymore.

"Haven't I been a good enough wife to you?" Taryn snarled as she moved her face so close to his that their noses touched.

"Oh Yes, M . . ." Richard replied with fervor.

Richard had to cut his sentence short for he almost had called Taryn "Mistress." In the past few seconds the scene was quickly becoming quite familiar to Richard. The similarities between how Taryn was starting to talk to him and how his Mistress had done was uncanny. The throbbing erection between his thighs made it clear that he loved what was going on. He wasn't sure how Taryn would react to his excitement, and for that reason he kept his hands in his lap and tried to conceal his raging hard-on.

"Then why did you betray me for the past ten years by fucking that bitch!" Taryn sneered with vehemence and hatred.

"I'm, despicable, I know," Richard replied with a sob that he tried to contain.

"You're a filthy Worm is what you are!" Taryn scoffed as she tugged once again on Richard's hair.

"I know, Mistress," Richard replied, almost automatically.

Time stopped for the two as they each pondered the significance of that last word. The excitement in the two of them peaked greatly at that moment. Richard loved the fact that a woman was towering over him, exerting her authority over him. He loved the fact that it was his wife who was at that moment looking down at him with eyes of fire, calling him "Worm." Taryn still was angry with Richard for what he had done and wanted him to suffer. She didn't know what she wanted to do to him but she wanted to inflict pain upon him. Once he called her Mistress a feeling of power coursed through her, and she had an understanding of what Owen felt. She looked down at Richard and didn't know if she wanted him to have any pleasure but was curious about this odd feeling the word "Mistress" had stirred within her.

"I'm your Mistress, am I?" Taryn asked with a sneer as she looked intently in Richard's eyes.

"Absolutely, Mistress!" Richard replied immediately, with a look of love and wonder about him.

"Do you swear to serve me faithfully? Do you swear to do anything I command, anytime, anywhere, and do so without question?" Taryn asked in a commanding tone of voice as she tugged on Richard's hair.

"Without question, Mistress!" Richard asserted with conviction.

"Good! For starters, you will have sex with nobody but me, or there'll be hell to pay!" Taryn scoffed as she pulled on Richard's hair, tossing him to the floor in the process. "Kneel across my lap and get ready to take what's coming to you!" she snapped as she sat down on the edge of the bed with her legs together.

Taryn watched as her husband, Richard bent over her lap, ready to be spanked, just like she had done for Owen many times. Taryn laughed on the inside as the dark power that coursed within her seemed to guide her on what to do. She decided to test Richard on how well he had been trained, so without saying a word she raised her hand up and spanked him hard on the ass.

"One! Thank you, Mistress, please can I have another!" Richard said with an almost satisfied sigh.

Again and again Taryn spanked Richard hard on the ass and again and again he counted them off and repeated the line. After thirty her hand was so sore that she couldn't spank him anymore. She loved being on this side of the spanking almost as much as she loved Owen spanking her.

"Get on your knees and eat my pussy, Slave!" Taryn commanded and a shudder went through her as the words left her lips.

"Oh yes, Mistress!" Richard shouted with glee as he scurried off her lap and lunged between Taryn's spread thighs.

As his face drew close to the pussy of his wife and Mistress, he spied the "O" shaped pussy hair. He looked up to into her eyes and opened his mouth to question her about it but before he could say anything she grasped the back of his head and slammed it into her groin. Richard took the hint and focused on licking the pussy of his new Mistress. Shortly before he couldn't wait to be done with having sex with her, now he was devouring her pussy like a starving man does food.

Never in their marriage had Richard ever shown such passion eating her pussy. Her husband now willfully did whatever she wanted and called her "Mistress." Taryn was drunk on the power and exerted that power over her husband in many ways. After making him eat her to orgasm, she made him fuck her from behind, and then they both came and came hard. On any previous time they made love that would have been the end of it, but not this night. Taryn rushed to the bathroom and retrieved the belts from the bathrobes. Ordering Richard to lie down on the bed she tied his hands to the bed with one of the belts and gagged him with the other. The excitement of the moment and the complete submission to his wife kept Richard's cock hard that night. Taryn slowly rode him and bounced up and down at a pace that suited her and her alone.

"I have a secret to tell you, Slave," Taryn said with a lusty growl as she bounced up and down on her husband's cock. "I understand your need to submit, I understand the need to be dominated because that is something we have in common my Slave husband." Taryn laughed as she looked at the puzzled look in her husband's eyes. "I am your Mistress and I own you completely, do I not?" she asked daringly and waited for Richard to eagerly nod up and down his answer, which he did, before she continued. "Well, I understand your need to submit because for the past few weeks I have had a Master! That's right Slave, your Mistress belongs to another! The pussy that fucks you right now, the pussy of the woman that you serve, is the property of another man, and a man you know quite well. Would you like to know who your Mistress serves? Would you like to know the man who is a far better fuck than you have ever been?" Taryn said and looked down at Richard who had a hurt and confused look in his eye.

"Yes!" Richard replied in a muffled reply that the gag distorted heavily.

"Owen! Our son, Richard, I am the Slave of our son and I love it!" Taryn said as she quickened the pace of their fucking as she continued to talk. "What do you think about that?" she asked in a snarl. 

"Oh my God! It can't be true!" Richard asked as tears rolled down his cheek. While he had a hard time believing it could be true he had no doubt that it was true, the look in her eyes convinced him of that.

"It is true and he has the most gorgeous cock ever! Rosina agrees as she is also his Slave and is even more addicted to his cock than I am. Can you believe that? Can you picture your little girl getting fucked hard and fast by her brother? She moans like a whore let me tell you! Yes, Richard, I have seen them fuck and it is a wild thing to see!" Taryn said as she bounced faster and fast on her Slave's cock.

The image of his darling daughter Rosina moaning out like a bitch in heat as his son Owen slammed her from behind filled Richard's mind. He couldn't deny that the thought excited him, though he wasn't sure what it was that exited him. Was it the great sex that he was having with his wife for the first time in years? Was it the taboo of the whole thing or was it the added twist that his Mistress shared a Master with her daughter? Richard's mind was on overload and he lost it his calm.

"Oh God!" Richard moaned out as his cock twitched its excitement.

"You love it don't you! You can see Owen fucking Rosina can't you?" Taryn moaned out as she felt her own orgasm build within her.

"Yes, Mistress!" Richard moaned out.

"Can you imagine Master fucking me? What do you think of that? Do you think it's hot that your Mistress is your son's Slave?" Taryn said in a husky tone of voice as her orgasm came ever nearer.

"Yes, Mistress, it's fucking hot!" Richard cried out as he erupted deep within his wife's pussy.

Images of his wife on her hands and knees as his son fucked her hard and fast flashed through his mind as Richard came harder and longer than he remembered. As Taryn felt her husband cumming within her she came to, flooding his cock and balls with her juices. The both came so hard that they passed out and Taryn fell forward. For a moment she thought of untying Richard but the evil part of her decided against it and left him tied up as they drifted off to sleep together.

Morning came and parts of the last night came back to Taryn and at first it seemed like all a bad dream. Once she saw that Richard was still tied up and gagged she knew that it was not a bad dream and that everything had happened. She removed his bounds and gag before she staggered to the bathroom for a shower. Taryn didn't know what she was going to say to Richard, how was she going to face him knowing that she had told him her deepest secret. Her mind was still in a muddle when she heard the bathroom door open up.

"May I join you, Mistress?" Richard asked meekly from outside the shower.

"Why, Slave?" Taryn asked gruffly.

"I would like to wash you, Mistress," Richard replied calmly, and waited for an answer.

"Alright, but don't think you're going to fuck me, cause you're not!" Taryn snapped with a determined growl as she pulled back the shower curtain to let Richard in.

Richard did wash and scrub Taryn before rinsing her off and it seemed that he was used to doing this for a woman. Taryn liked the feeling of being washed by her Slave and knew that she would like to have Richard under her thumb from now on. She chuckled to herself as she once again felt the power that she had over him. She made him eat her to orgasm once more before they dressed and left the room.

Downstairs in the hotel restaurant Taryn told Richard all about what she, Owen and Rosina had been up to and how it had all started. Richard's head was swimming and it all sounded so unreal, but there was a genuine quality in how Taryn told the tale that made him believe her. With the pain and confusion that he had been in over the last few weeks now gone and the mind-blowing sex that he had just had with his wife the previous night, he was in an accepting mood. For some reason it didn't seem sick and perverted as he knew that it should have seemed. One last question remained to be answered, Richard had to ask it, though, but he didn't know if he was prepared to answer it.

"Where do we go from here, Tar?" Richard asked calmly, as he looked into his wife's eyes while holding her hand.

"I guess that's something we need to decide before we go home, isn't it Key?" Taryn replied with a sincere look in her eye.

Taryn looked into her husband's eyes with love for the first time in what felt like years. Even the use of their pet names for each other they had given each other back when they were dating seemed to help turn back the clock in their marriage. This morning, everything felt different, and yet didn't. Taryn still felt like a devoted Slave to Owen and didn't want that to change at all. The fact remained that she had dominated Richard the night before like it was second nature to her. The exciting time, great sex and dark power was definitely something that she wanted to explore and repeat. Taryn was having trouble resolving the fact that she was now both a Mistress and a Slave. Both were roles that she enjoyed but seemed at odds to one another. How could she successfully be both a Slave to her son and a Mistress to her Husband? Larger still was the question of if this tricky dance was something she wanted to do. That was a question that needed answering before they headed home that Sunday morning.

"I guess so, what do we tell the kids?" Richard asked with fear twinkling in his eye.

"The way I see it, we have a few options. We could ignore everything that happened last night and go back to the way things were before," Taryn said calmly and tried to hide her disappointment over her own suggestion.

"I know I couldn't. If I have learned anything these past three weeks, it's that I need a Mistress." Richard admitted with a touch of a heavy heart before he squeezed Taryn's hand before continuing. "I need you, Tar, I need my Mistress," he said with a touching, serious look in his eye.

"I enjoyed last night immensely, Key. I don't want it to end either. I guess I need it too. I need to explore these feelings that this experience has awakened in me," Taryn said with a serious tone of voice and a slight smile on her face. "I guess, what I'm saying is that I need you, Key, I need my Slave husband," she said and the pair chuckled together for the first time in what seemed like years.

"So we're agreed that we continue?" Richard asked with baited breath.

"Yes, Slave, your Mistress isn't done with you yet!" Taryn said in a snarling voice at a low volume.

"Thank you, Mistress, but where does that leave us?" Richard asked with a curious tone.

"Well, we could pretend that nothing happened in front of the kids, and keep everything that goes on between you and I behind closed doors." Taryn said and paused to ponder that possibility.

"Doesn't really make sense, given what's going on with the three of you," Richard said with a smirk that unsuccessfully covered an uncomfortable expression.

"I don't know if it would be possible, even if you wanted to keep it a secret, Key," Taryn added with a sincere look before she chuckled lightly.

"No, I don't think we could keep it a secret from them even if we wanted to," Richard conceded with a nod of his head.

"That leaves us with bringing it out in the open. I mean sitting down with Owen and Rosie and telling them about your former Mistress and everything that went on last night," Taryn said in a plain and serious tone of voice.

"That seems the best option. I see no sense in keeping secrets in this family. Not after all that I've heard . . . I think we have to tell them. At least we can all be ourselves in front of each other. Not be afraid to show who we really are." Richard said with a smile as he looked at Taryn with a relieved and comfortable air about him.

"I agree with that, but you have to understand something, Key, Owen is Rosie and my Master. He owns both of us and we happily serve him, doing anything he wishes, at anytime," Taryn said, pausing only to take a breath but Richard cut him off.

"As I happily serve you, and will gladly do anything you wish, at anytime," Richard interjected with a broad smile on his face which elicited a smile from Taryn.

"Yes, but you must understand one thing and what it really means if we do this. If we bring this out in the open, Owen will likely take charge of everything! Is that what you want? How much are you willing to give up to live like this? How much control are you willing to surrender to your son?" Taryn asked with a fearful look of warning that she bored into her husband, silently demanding that he take her seriously.

"All I really know is that I can't live without you Mistress." Richard replied with a heavy sigh, looking down for a moment before looking back up to continue. "I am happiest when I serve, I am really happy when I serve you. If I must give up control to Owen in order to be happy, then it's worth it." Richard said with an earnest look that convinced Taryn that he believed what he was saying.

"You mean it, don't you, Key?" Taryn asked in reply, absolutely stunned as to what Richard was agreeing to.

"Hey, I don't really throw my weight around, even when I am home, do I?" Richard chuckled as he shook Taryn's hand until she laughed too.

"So we're agreed? We tell Owen and Rosie today about all that has happened?" Taryn asked Richard with an unsure tone of voice, giving him one last chance to back out.

"Yes, we tell them today and let the chips fall where they may," Richard smiled in reply to his wife, his new beloved Mistress, confident that everything would work out fine.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 12
bypolyman©

Chapter Twelve: The Bizarre Family Meeting

Very little was said as Richard and Taryn drove home that Sunday morning. Taryn felt scared and excited, as she glanced at her husband while he drove the car. She still could hardly believe the previous evening had turned out in the way that it did. What had started out as an evening that she dreaded, turned out to be a spectacular evening. Stranger still was the far-reaching effects, the evening was going to have on both their lives, though they both were happy.

Neither Taryn nor Richard knew what the future had in store for them, but they knew that they would face it together. A strange sense of togetherness bonded the usually distant husband and wife as they pulled into their driveway. They were about to tell Owen about the previous night, reveal Richard's dirty little secret and leave the future in Owen's hands.

"Are you absolutely sure you want to do this, honey? There's no going back afterwards. So you must be completely sure this is what you want," Taryn said, while holding Richard's hand.

The car was parked when Richard turned the engine off, turned and looked at the worried expression on his wife's face and smiled. He could see her genuine concern for him and that show of emotion touched him. It was a look that hadn't been there for some time.

"It's not only what I want, but what I need. Since I lost my former Mistress, I've been shaken, depressed . . . lost," Richard said with a sombre look on his face as he remembered his recent pain.

"Yes, but to go this far? To put your life in your son's hands?" Taryn asked with earnest, still having trouble believing Richard.

"We both know I've been a poor husband and father. Perhaps this is best for the family?" Richard said with a chipper tone, clearly trying to put the best spin on it for both their sakes.

"Well, as long as your sure," Taryn said as she shook her head before she leaned in and gave Richard a peck on the lips. "Let's get in there, Slave!" Taryn said in a playful tone of voice.

"Yes, Mistress!" Richard replied with glee as they both got out of the car.

Upstairs, in the Thompson home Owen and Rosina were cuddled up in bed. Breakfast dishes were stacked neatly on the tray, which were sitting on Owen's dresser. Sweat covered both of their bodies in a light sheen as the pair recovered from yet another round of vigorous sex. Their arms and legs were intertwined so much so that it looked like a single body with two heads was in the bed, barely covered with sheets strewn askew. Both lovers had a dazed, yet happy look on their tired faces. It had been a long night filled with lots of hot sex and little sleep.

"Was that the car?" Owen asked as he turned an ear to the window.

"Not yet, Master, my poor little pussy is too sore right now," Rosina mumbled in a dreamy state before she gave Owen a peck.

"No," Owen chuckled. "That sound, did you hear it, I think they're back," he continued while straining to hear any sounds.

"I'm so fucked out, I don't think I would notice a bomb going off, Master," Rosina replied in a tired chuckle.

"We should get up, I think they're home," Owen said with authority as he started to get out of bed.

"But, Master, I don't think my legs work anymore," Rosina whined as she remained motionless on the bed.

Just then Owen heard the front door open up and two people enter. Owen gave Rosina a stern look and nodded in the direction of the door. Rosina groaned and fussed as she slowly rolled towards the edge of the bed and sat up. She scowled at Owen as she sat there, looking and feeling half-dead. Owen wiped that scowl off her face with a loving kiss just as Taryn entered the room.

"Just as I thought, still in bed. Honestly, did the pair of you get any sleep last night?" Taryn scolded in a light-hearted, teasing manner.

"Very little," Rosina said with a cheeky grin on her face. "Jealous?" she asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Yes," Taryn replied with a smirk of her own as she winked at Rosina.

"How was last night?" Owen asked curiously as he embraced and kissed Taryn.

"It turned out okay, actually," Taryn said with a heavy sigh of relief.

"So it wasn't as bad as you thought?" Owen asked with a voice of hopeful concern.

"You two need to get dressed and come downstairs . . . we need to talk," Taryn said with a serious tone of voice.

"About what?" Owen asked with a distrustful tone.

"Last night," Taryn replied with a firm look.

"Uh-oh," Rosina said in a troubled manner, her eyes wider than before.

"It's not bad, but we all need to talk," Taryn said in a comforting manner.

Owen and Rosina got dressed while Taryn walked back downstairs. Owen wondered how his father had found out about what had been going on but guessed that was what they needed to talk about. Perhaps he wasn't as clueless as everyone thought he was. How ever he found out, it was clear to Owen at least that Richard knew. Explaining to Rosina was one thing, explaining their unique relationship to his father was something else. When Owen walked into the living room two things struck him as odd. For one, his parents weren't sitting together, his father sat in the loveseat and Taryn sat in another chair. The large chair was left vacant, and this was thing that struck him as odd, because the large chair was Richard's favourite. One last thing that did not go unnoticed was Richard's demeanour. He wasn't his usual confident self, but rather he sat there with his hands in his lap, looking down. Rather than looking confident, he looked the opposite, he looked weak.

"Sit down, honey," Taryn said to Owen as she indicated the large chair, usually reserved for Richard.

As Owen sat down in the large chair Rosina entered the room. Taryn silently directed Rosina to sit beside Richard on the loveseat. It was then that Owen realized that everyone was sitting exactly where they were sitting when Owen and Taryn talked to Rosina. The only difference was that Richard was sitting beside Rosina on the loveseat.

"We're all here, Mom, what is it we need to discuss?" Owen said plainly, even though he found it hard to call Taryn, "Mom."

Taryn took a deep breath and told the story of the previous night. She talked about the dinner, the dancing, and then the sex afterwards. Richard explained about his affair with Heather and that he needed a woman to dominate him. Taryn then explained about her domination of Richard and how much she and Richard needed it. She stressed that the urge to dominate had awoken in her last night and while she still needed to serve Owen, she needed to explore this need to dominate Richard.

"What do you think, Master?" Taryn asked with a hopeful tone of voice.

Owen remained silent as he tried to digest everything that he had just been told. Never would he have ever imagined that his father was a submissive male! Richard had always projected the aura of a calm, confident, successful lawyer. How could someone who was so confident in public wish to be dominated and humiliated in private? Owen's shocked reaction he had to push out of his head, for he knew that he had to take charge of the conversation. He didn't have the luxury to focus on how bizarre the story was, because the result of the story was his to deal with. Owen pondered for a moment on what the story meant and what to do about it.

Rosina sat there and the only thing that she could think of, was how messed up her family was. Not only were she and her mother Slaves to her brother, now her father was the Slave of her mother! The only phrase that kept repeating in Rosina's confused mind was, "We are so fucked up!" She looked at her father and tried to determine, or rather hoped to see, if it was a joke of some kind. Richard sat there and reminded her of how she looked when she had that fateful talk with her mother not that long ago, he looked timid and scared.

"It'll be alright," Rosina said in a whisper to her father as she squeezed his hand.

"Thanks," Richard whispered back and flashed his daughter an appreciative smile.

Taryn looked over at the loveseat and saw the exchange between Richard and Rosina. She smiled as she saw her daughter comfort Richard during this obviously stressful time. Everyone was waiting to see Owen's reaction to what he had been told. Nobody knew just what Owen would say or do and the wait was excruciating. Taryn looked at her family sitting around the living room and took comfort in the fact that there were no secrets between them anymore. Whatever the future held for her family, it would be an honest one. Perhaps they could be happy as a family, once again.

Richard felt a mix of emotions as he sat there beside his daughter. He felt relieved that his family finally knew of his dark secret that he had held in for so long. He felt comforted to know that he was not all that different from his wife and daughter. At least now he didn't feel like so much of a freak, amongst them he was relatively normal. Within his family he could now express himself as the humble submissive that he had previously only revealed to Heather. He felt a great weight lift off his shoulders and knew that the future was already looking up, with the days of secrets and deception behind him. The fear of the unknown still lingered as Owen hadn't said anything yet.

"It's not going to work," Owen said with a firm, yet regrettable tone of voice as he let out a frustrated sigh.

"But don't you see Master, it will work. You are my Master and I am his Mistress. He serves me, and I serve you. We can make this work, Master, please, let's give this a try," Taryn respectfully argued to Owen, the wrinkled forehead the only thing which betrayed her aggravation to the outside world.

"A Slave by definition is a possession. How can a possession own another possession?" Owen said with a slightly angered tone of voice, confident in his reasoning.

"But Master, can we please not try . . . it's important to me." Taryn pleaded with a wrinkled forehead of frustration.

"We will deal with that in a moment. For now, there is a larger issue to deal with," Owen said to Taryn before he sat up straight. "Slaves, kneel before me," Owen commanded in an unambiguous manner.

At that, Taryn and Rosina scurried to their feet and feel to their knees before Owen, both kneeling beside each other. They both were sitting on their haunches, had their hands folded in front of them and had their heads bowed. Almost instinctively they knew how to show their proper respect to their Master. Owen looked over at Richard who hadn't moved yet, and he had a conflicted look on his face. Obviously he didn't know what to do, what he should do.

"Cat, Red, you are not to move or speak until I tell you to," Owen ordered and both women stiffened up, but did not speak or move a muscle. "In this position, how can you possibly dominate Richard, Red? Do you feel the slightest bit dominant? At this moment, do you feel like his Mistress, or my Slave? Answer me," Owen said with a calm yet firm tone of voice to Taryn.

"Your Slave, Master," Taryn replied meekly, not moving a muscle as she answered.

"Exactly, a Slave owning a Slave won't work, not in my house." Owen said before he turned his attention to Richard. "As for you, Worm, are you deaf or are your legs broken? I ordered all my Slaves to kneel before me, so why are you sitting there!" he growled as he looked at Richard with fury. "KNEEL BEFORE YOUR NEW MASTER!" Owen shouted as he pointed to a spot of floor beside Rosina.

Ten years of service to Heather were not wasted on Richard, as he knew how to serve and when to obey. Richard rushed to the floor and knelt beside Rosina in exactly the same manner as she and her mother were kneeling in. Richard's mind was blank, not focusing on what was happening, only on what he was being ordered to do.

Owen looked at the three people kneeling before him and smiled to himself as he then knew that he was the man of the house, he, Owen was the head of the family. The dark feeling of power within him seemed to swell and was elated at this elevation of status. Owen held in a chuckle as he knew that it was time to claim what was up for the taking. Owen knew that he had to take the title of the head of the family away from his father, officially.

"Slaves, strip and pile your clothes there," Owen commanded in a firm tone of voice as he pointed to the floor to the right of where he was sitting.

Immediately, Taryn, Rosina and Richard got up and removed their clothes as casually and calmly as they could. The presence of Richard made Rosina a little uncomfortable and in turn, stripping in front of his daughter made Richard self-conscious. Neither of them dared to refuse Owen's order, and complied without any outward question or delay. When they were done removing their clothes, the trio knelt down in front of Owen like they had been before they started stripping. Owen was pleased at their compliance, including Richard's

"Red, what are you?" Owen asked Taryn firmly.

"I am your Slave, Master," Taryn replied respectfully, not looking up from the floor.

"What is your sole purpose in life, Red?" Owen asked Taryn with a slight growl in his voice, his feelings of power coursing through him.

"To serve you in any way you wish, to see you pleased with me, Master," Taryn replied in an earnest tone, still looking down at the floor.

"Cat, what are you?" Owen asked Rosina with the same commanding growl in his voice.

"I am your Slave, Master, to serve you any way you wish in order to see you pleased with me," Rosina said with fervour and devotion to the man she loved, knowing full well it was the complete answer he was looking for.

"Excellent, Cat," Owen said with a pleased smile and Rosina flashed a loving and gratified smile up to Owen before she looked back down. "Worm, what are you?" Owen asked Richard, in a commanding tone of voice, looking at his father and waiting for an answer.

"I am my Mistress's Sla . . ." Richard started to answer before he was cut off in mid-sentence.

"YOU ARE MY SLAVE!" Owen roared as he leaned in towards Richard who vibrated slightly at the angry outburst.

"But Mistress has claimed me. She hasn't given me up, I still serve her, Sir," Richard replied meekly, not sure how to answer but knowing he was right.

"Red, I want your Slave, give him to me," Owen said to Taryn in a quick yet stern manner.

"I humbly give you Richard, Master, he is yours now to do as you wish," Taryn said with an ever so slight tremble of fear in her voice, fear for her husband.

"What are you now, Worm?" Owen asked Richard with a commanding growl.

"I am your Slave, Master, to serve you any way you wish in order to see you pleased with me," Richard replied, remembering exactly what Rosina had said, knowing this was what Owen wanted to hear.

"Excellent answer, Slave, it appears that ten years of experience has taught you something. I expect great things from you, Slave," Owen said with a pleased tone of voice as he smiled at Richard, who was still looking down. "Red, suck Your Master's cock," Owen ordered, keeping his eye on Richard.

Even though Taryn felt a little strange sucking off Owen in front of her husband, she moved immediately to comply. Taryn walked on her knees towards Owen and reached for his pants when she was near enough. She had only unbuckled his pants and unzipped his fly when he ordered her to remove his pants. It wasn't long before Owen sat there nude from the waist down.

Richard watched as intently as he could while keeping his eyes down. He watched with his peripheral vision as his wife leaned forward, grasped the base of his son's cock just before wrapping her lips around the head. His eyes bugged out and his cock throbbed as he watched his "vanilla, conservative" wife begin eagerly sucking their son's cock. Richard couldn't believe the considerable girth of his son's fat cock, nor could he believe that Taryn had no trouble deep-throating it.

"That's enough, Red," Owen said to Taryn after a moment of the blowjob had passed. "Cat, your turn, suck your Master's cock," Owen said to Rosina.

Taryn had to swiftly dart out of the way in order to avoid Rosina crashing into her. Rosina's passion and eagerness of the fast-paced blowjob stunned Richard almost as much as seeing his "sweet little angel" sucking off her brother. Rosina bobbed her head up and down on Owen's cock twice as fast as Taryn had, and her cheeks were hollowed out from her hard suction. Rather than being repulsed by what he saw, Richard was turned on by the sexual act between his kids.

"Enough, Cat, sit back where you were." Owen said casually. Rosina complied, though she silently let her displeasure of stopping known with a dirty look. "Your turn, Worm, suck your Master's cock!" he sternly Ordered Richard in an unambiguous way.

Three sets of eyes went wide and looked at Owen in disbelief. Richard's mind froze; this was not an outcome he expected. He never wanted to ever have any kind of sex with another man. It was an uncomfortable stretch of his desire to be dominated to allow himself to become a Slave to his son. While he was repulsed by the thought of sucking off his son, his new Master, he couldn't leave. Richard couldn't bring himself to comply, nor could he refuse to obey a direct command by his Master, he was torn.

"What's the matter, Slave! Why do you not comply?" Owen ordered sternly, as he glared at Richard.

"I . . . I don't w . . . want to, Master," Richard said in a shaky and confused manner, the fight that was raging in his head evident on his face.

"What are you, Worm?" Owen asked calmly.

"I am your Slave, Master," Richard replied quietly, while looking at the floor.

"As my Slave you are bound to obey my every command without question, are you not?" Owen asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Yes, Master," Richard relied in a defeated tone.

"Your Master has given you an order and you have this one last chance to comply," Owen said and then watched Richard intently.

Richard hated Owen at that point for making him do what he knew he had to do. What was it about Owen that could easily drain his will to resist? With revulsion in his stomach and a desire to puke, Richard crawled forward. He never looked up from the floor as he approached his, Master. When he saw Owen's feet before him he knew he was in position. Raising his eyes only as far as Owen's crotch, he got an up close look at Owen's substantial cock, a cock that he was about to suck. Richard leaned in, reached out and grasped the thick cock at its base. He opened his mouth wide and even though his mind was screaming to leave, he was powerless to stop himself. With only inches between Richard's lips and Owen's cockhead everyone in the room knew this blowjob was going to happen.

"STOP!" Owen shouted.

Richard quickly let go of the cock and sat back, great relief washing over him as he did so. Taryn and Rosina were also relieved to know that they wouldn't have to witness the troubling act between father and son.

"I believe that you were going to comply, Slave. That is enough. You have passed the test and have earned the right to call me 'Master.' You are indeed my Slave. Go back to where you were," Owen said in a calm and soothing manner.

"Thank you, Master," Richard said as he returned to his place beside Rosina.

"That makes it complete, I am the Master of everyone in the house. As such that makes me the Master of the house, the head of the family. I hereby claim my rightful place as the head of this family, any objections?" Owen said in a stern and serious manner. "Taryn?" Owen asked calmly, looking right at Taryn.

"No, Owen," Taryn replied with a proud smile on her face as she looked up at her son.

"Rosie?" Owen asked as he looked at Rosina,

"No, Owen," Rosina replied with a loving look at her brother.

"Richard?" Owen asked as he looked at his father.

"No, Son," Richard replied with a calm and peaceful look on his face as he looked up at his son.

"Then it is done, I am the head of this family, I will have the final say on all decisions this family faces. Richard, since you are no longer the head of the family you have lost the right to the title 'Father.' As such, you no longer have the right to call me 'son', nor may you call Rosina, 'daughter,' and neither of us call you 'Father.' When I am not exerting my authority, as I am now, you will call us by our given names and we will call you Richard. As well, since you and Taryn are both my Slaves, nor are you head of the family, you no longer have any rights to her as your wife. She will remain your wife, in name only; she is my Slave, first and foremost. You no longer have any intimate or sexual rights to her! As such you will not call or refer to her as 'Wife,' nor will she refer to you as 'Husband.' Are there any objections or questions?" Owen spoke in a calm and definite manner, and everyone knew that he wasn't kidding.

Richard sat there and the strangest thing about all that he had just heard was that he wasn't outraged. He was the father of this family and now that title had been taken away from him and no longer was he the head of the family. Rather than be incensed as he should have been, he felt relieved, like a great burden was no longer his to bear. No longer did he have to worry about the family or if they would be okay, Owen would take care of that. All Richard had to look after was his work at the law firm; the house and family would take care of itself. This was exactly what Richard wanted and he was now getting the domination and humiliation that he needed from home. The only change that Richard would like to have seen was that Taryn was the one who dominated him, not Owen. Richard would serve Master diligently, for he was a good and faithful Slave who could do no less.

"I am the head of this family but I cannot run the family alone, I will need help. I need the help of my oldest and most trusted Slave," Owen said with a stern tone of voice. His lips curled up into a smile, as he glanced at Taryn who shot him a puzzled look in reply. "As I said before, Slaves can't dominate other Slaves, so I will have to promote you, Red. From this moment henceforth, you are my 'Mistress,' you will serve me as any Slave does, but you will have authority over all my Slaves. You are to see that my wishes are carried out, and that my Slaves are conducting themselves accordingly. As long as you are operating within my guidelines, you have free reign over any and all of my Slaves." Owen said with a smile to Taryn whose face wore a stunned look. "Arise, Mistress Red," he commanded Taryn with a loving smile on his face.

"Thank you, Master! I . . . I don't know what to say," Taryn replied in tears of joy and gratitude as she rose to her feet.

"Say nothing, serve me well and that will be thanks enough, Red. As you see, I will still call you 'Red' but all my Slaves must call you 'Mistress Red,' in order to show you their proper respect." Owen said with a serious tone of voice but his lips were curled up in a smile.

"I won't let you down, Master. Thank you for this opportunity to serve you," Taryn said with a proud tone of voice.

"Let's see what you can do, have a little fun with Richard but first of all you need to give him his Slave-name." Owen said in a calm tone of voice.

"Yes, Master," Taryn said with a confident tone before she turned on the spot to face Richard and Rosina. "Cat, Sit down over there," Taryn commanded Rosina.

Rosina jumped slightly before she looked at Owen with a puzzled look. He nodded slightly, signalling for her to comply with Taryn's order. Rosina then got up and complied, certainly feeling uncomfortable about this new arrangement, and the gruff look on her face made this evident. She was silent as she sat down on the loveseat, with her hands folded in front of her, her head bowed slightly. Looking up, she was able to watch what was about to go on, yet remain respectful.

"Worm, your Slave-name will be used by either Master or myself to signal that we are giving you an order. No matter if we are in public or private, you must comply, regardless of where you are or what the order is. When we are in public, or when outsiders are nearby, you will call me, 'Red' and call Master, 'Moe.' This way we can still order you about, and you can reply properly, without outsiders being any wiser. Do you understand this, Worm?" Taryn said in a firm in an almost uncharacteristically commanding presence.

"Yes, Mistress Red," Richard replied meekly.

"Good. While I would love to give you the Slave-name of, 'Worm,' it is hardly appropriate to call you that in public. Since your Slave-name will appear to the outside world as a nickname used within the family, 'Worm', won't do. Since you are a spineless little worm of a man with all the balls of a eunuch, you will be known as, 'Nick.' It's short for 'Eunuch,' in case you were wondering. Do you like it, Nick?" Taryn said with a snarl on her lips, as she looked down at Richard.

"Yes, thank you, Mistress Red," Richard said in a respectful, Slave tone of voice.

"Get over here and pay homage to your Mistress's pussy, Nick!" Taryn said as she sat down in her chair and tossed her legs over each arm of the overstuffed chair.

"Yes, Mistress Red!" Richard responded with glee.

Richard crossed the distance between him and the chair in no time, keeping his eyes on Taryn's dripping pussy all the while. As soon as he arrived at the chair he lunged forward and his lips touched her pussy lips before any other part of his body. It was a kiss from Richard's lips to Taryn's pussy lips. His tongue then snaked out and broke the kiss. With a long lick up her slit, his tongue just barely missed her clitoris. All Richard saw in the world was the pussy of his Mistress, and he was going to worship it. He wanted her to explode in pleasure, pleasure that he would give her. He traced his tongue down the slit of her pussy and lightly skirted the entrance of her pussy before licking back up to the top of the slit.

Taryn loved what he was doing, she loved the way he ate her pussy, and he seemed to know exactly what he was doing. For a short while yet, the pussy munching continued with Taryn shouting out orders to do this or that, most of them were just to get the pleasure of watching him comply. With Richard's pussy eating skill and Taryn's heightened excitement, it didn't take long before Taryn exploded in an intense climax. Richard kept eating and licking Taryn's pussy all through her climax. As her climax subsided, she was breathless but still had enough breath to give an important order.

"Kneel, Nick!" Taryn commanded with heaving breaths. "Cat, fetch me the largest wooden spoon we have!" she said as she glanced at Rosina.

Rosina did just that and hurried off to the kitchen to find the largest wooden spoon. When she returned she saw that Richard was across Taryn's lap and clearly in the position to be spanked. Rosina almost feared for Richard as she handed the wooden spoon to Taryn, who smiled wickedly as she took it from her. Taryn gave a stern glance at Rosina and then to the loveseat, so as to tell Rosina to sit down, which she did.

"You worthless, Worm! You are responsible for this whole mess that this family is in! If you had been a better husband to me and a more attentive father, we would still be a 'normal' family! For this foul crime you must be punished, show everyone how well you have been trained, Nick!" Taryn said with a tone of loathing in her voice as she gripped the wooden spoon tight. Crack! The wooden spoon came down hard on Richard's ass, but he didn't cry out.

"One, thank you, Mistress Red, can I have another!" Richard replied firmly.

Time and again Taryn spanked Richard with the wooden spoon, and each time Richard would repeat his line. After 37 spanks, Taryn broke down in tears and sobbed momentarily after getting out her anger and frustration towards Richard for the years of neglect. With a hard shove, Taryn pushed Richard off her lap and onto the floor with a loud thud.

"Lie on your back!" Taryn ordered as she stood up, tossing the wooden spoon aside.

Richard complied and lay on his back on the floor, even thought his ass was on fire and hurt immensely. Taryn quickly straddled him, lowering herself on his cock, in one swift motion. Richard's cock felt quite thin compared to Owen's cock, but this cock was one that was at her disposal. She was in charge of Richard, so his cock was hers to do with as she pleased. The kick of excitement made up for the lack of size of the cock buried in her pussy. She lifted herself off of his cock before slamming back down hard. Taryn looked down at Richard's face and knew that he was in pain from his ass being spanked hard. With that in mind, Taryn bounced up and down hard on his cock, making sure to slam down hard each time. Time stopped as Taryn bounced up and down on Richard's cock, brining her pleasure and Richard pain and pleasure. Eventually, though Taryn did climax while sitting on Richard's cock. The milking of his cock along with the knowledge that he had once again brought his Mistress pleasure, triggered Richard's orgasm. Taryn sat there on Richard with his cock still deep inside her pussy and a dopy smile of satisfaction crept across her lips.

"That was a good start, Red. Now for something a little more challenging. I've always wanted to see two women eating each other out, care to make that come true for me?" Owen said to Taryn with a wicked smile on his face.

"Yes, Master!" Taryn replied with fervour as she stood up. "Nick, on the loveseat!" she shouted at Richard as she pointed at the loveseat. "Cat, on the floor!" she shouted at Rosina as she pointed at the floor in the middle of the room.

Richard did as he was told and returned to the loveseat as quickly as he could. Rosina sat there stunned, not sure how to react. She knew exactly what was going to happen if she lay on the floor and wasn't sure if she was ready to cross that line. Sure she had played around with her mother the other day at the spa, but then it was her mother who brought her off with a vibrator. Now, clearly she was going to be expected to eat her mother's pussy while her mother ate her pussy. Somehow this seemed like a larger step than the one she made with Owen, so her confused mind hadn't allowed her to move from the loveseat.

"Cat, I said lay on the floor and I mean it NOW!" Taryn sternly ordered as she pointed at the floor by her feet.

Owen glanced at Rosina and then at Taryn, a cheeky smirk on his face as he did so. Taryn glanced at Owen and knew that he was thinking that she didn't have it in her, that she wasn't really a dominant. Taryn would show him that she most certainly did have what it took to dominate both Richard and Rosina. After ten seconds had gone by and Rosina hadn't moved, Taryn rushed over to Rosina and grasped a clump of her hair at the back of her head. Squealing in pain all the way Rosina was led from the loveseat to the floor, and made to lie down on it. Before she could bolt back up, Taryn planted her knees on either side of Rosina's head. Rosina now was as close to a pussy as she had ever been in her life and wasn't sure what to make of this development. The other troubling thing was that the hot and wet pussy that hovered over her was filled with a mixture of her mother's juices and her father's cum.

"Now, you are going to be a good little Slave and eat my pussy, aren't you, Cat?" Taryn growled in a voice that she tried to remain calm.

"Y . . . yes R . . . Mistress Red," Rosina replied in a shaky and timid sounding voice.

"Then get to it, Cat, eat your Mistress's pussy!" Taryn said with a victorious smirk on her face.

Rosina didn't answer, she just closed her eyes, leaned up and licked at the air. Her tongue contacted the outer pussy lips of her mother's pussy and when it came back into her mouth the taste was sweet yet tangy. Rosina opened her eyes and was conflicted in that she liked the taste and where she was getting that taste from. Part of her found it wicked that she was eating her father's cum out of her mother's freshly fucked pussy.

Rosina pushed all thoughts out of her mind and simply focused on the fact that she was eating this pussy to be a good Slave. She wanted to prove to Master that she would obey him or those he put in charge of her, above all she wanted to show her devotion to him. Always Rosina wanted to show her Master that she loved him and would do anything he asked of her.

Rosina had never eaten pussy before, but she knew what she liked when she played with herself and proceeded to use that knowledge. A groan of pleasure escaped from Taryn's lips just before she leaned forward and brought her lips down to her daughter's pussy. Taryn had some experience from her one time with Karen, but still, this was her second time eating pussy, and it was her daughter's pussy at that. Taryn also focussed on her desire to please her Master through eating this pussy. Both women shared this desire and this, combined with focusing on the task of brining pleasure to the other, helped them get through this otherwise odd experience. As the incestuous lesbian show proceeded, the immense pleasure Taryn and Rosina were receiving from the other fuelled their passion. Soon both women were eagerly eating the pussy before them, long forgetting their reluctance in doing so.

"You eat me so good, Cat! Where have you learned to eat pussy!" Taryn moaned out with a heavy slur as she continued to eat pussy as she spoke.

"Never, Mistress Red! Yours is the first pussy I've ever eaten," Rosina replied with a mew of pleasure in her voice, while also eating the pussy that hovered over her.

"You must be lying! FUCK, can you eat pussy!" Taryn said as she thrust two fingers into Rosina's pussy.

"I must admit, I didn't want to do this when we started, but, I can say now that I actually like it!" Rosina said while lapping away at Taryn's pussy.

"I felt the same way, but DAMN GIRL have you got one SWEET little pussy!" Taryn replied with enthusiasm as she stuffed a slick finger into Rosina's ass.

With the admission out of the way, both women redoubled their efforts to make the other woman cum. In a few short moments both women were writhing about in ecstasy with their heads clamped in place by the other woman's legs. When their respective climaxes were done, mother and daughter were laying side by side, faces smeared in pussy juice, and breathing heavily while staring at the pussy they just ate.

"Excellent show, both of you. Now lick each other's faces clean." Owen said calmly after he had allowed both Taryn and Rosina to relax for a moment.

Instantly, both women got on their knees and faced each other. With a nervous smile at the other women, each woman leaned in to lick juice smeared off the other woman's face. After a first few ineffective licks, Taryn grunted in frustration and grasped Rosina's head in order to hold it still. Taryn gave Rosina's cheek a long lick before staying still and nodding to Rosina, releasing her head as she did. Rosina took the hint and then leaned in and licked Taryn's face. Mother and daughter took turns licking her own cum off of each other's face. Finally, when they were satisfied that their faces were cleaned they turned to kneel in front of Owen and await his next command.

"Get on your hands and knees, facing away from me, both of you," Owen commanded and instantly both women did so. "Who do you serve?" he asked with an evil smile on his face.

"You, Master," both Taryn and Rosina replied.

"Who do you belong to?" Owen asked with the same evil smile on his face.

"You, Master," both Taryn and Rosina replied.

"Whose cock do you need?" Owen asked with a chuckle.

"Yours, Master," both Taryn and Rosina replied.

"Who do you need to fuck you right now?" Owen asked with a self-satisfied smile on his face.

"You, Master!" both Taryn and Rosina replied in a needy whine.

"Red, what are you?" Owen asked with a curious tone of voice.

"Master?" Taryn asked with a puzzled tone of voice.

"Explain your new position, as you understand it?" Owen asked with a calm tone of voice and listened carefully.

"I am your Mistress. I am still to serve you as a Slave, as I still belong to you, and I am bound to obey your ever command. You have graciously given me authority over your other Slaves. I am to use this power to make sure that they continue to serve you in a manner that pleases you, Master," Taryn said while still looking at the floor, on her hands and knees beside Rosina.

"Good answer. It seems that you understand your new position well, Good work, Red." Owen said with a satisfied smile on his face as he nodded to himself. "I wonder if the others do, Do you understand, Cat?" he asked as he looked at Rosina's tight little ass.

"Yes, Master, I am to obey her as I would obey you," Rosina answered meekly, also looking at the floor.

"And you Nick, do you understand?" Owen asked as he looked over at Richard.

"Yes, Master, I am to obey, Mistress Red, as I would obey you," Richard answered compliantly.

"I am glad that we're clear on that," Owen said as he got up and knelt behind Taryn.

Without saying a word, Owen lined up his cock and slid it all the way into Taryn's pussy with one quick stroke. Without pausing at all he withdrew his cock and started to fuck her with long and quick strokes. The instant his cock slid into her pussy, Taryn's eyes shot wide open and she drew in a quick breath of shock.

"OH, MASTER! You really should warn a gal before you split her in two with that monster!" Taryn shouted out once Owen's third stroke slammed home, Owen only grunted in response.

Owen continued to hammer away at Taryn's pussy with merciless, savage strokes. Taryn moaned like a whore as she was fucked hard and fast by her son, her Master in front of the whole family. Owen's pace never let up as he fucked Taryn with rough and hard strokes of her pussy with his fat cock. Owen sensed that Taryn was close to cumming and at that point he did the cruellest thing imaginable, he pulled out.

"You cruel bastard, I was so close!" Taryn protested in a whiny cry as Owen lined his cock up to Rosina's pussy and sank it in as quickly as her tight pussy would allow.

"Yessss, Master!" Rosina hissed out as she felt Owen stuffing her pussy with his large cock. "Fuck me! I'm yours, Master! Use me for your pleasure! Fuck your Slave hard!" Rosina groaned out as her upper body collapsed onto the floor, from pleasure overload.

Once again Owen savagely fucked his Slave, purely bent on his pleasure. Hard and fast he slammed into Rosina with quick and fast strokes for a good while. When he sensed that Rosina was about to cum he pulled out of her, much to her displeasure and sank his cock back into Taryn. Here he fucked Taryn with a swift pace, hard and fast, quickly bringing her excitement level back up to the brink, before he pulled out once again. When he sank his cock back into Rosina, she let out a catlike moan. Owen stroked her with fast strokes and it didn't take long before she began to climax on his cock. Owen pulled out of the still climaxing Rosina and slammed back into Taryn. Taryn was so excited that she too was still close to cumming so it didn't take long before she was cumming hard. Rosina was just calming down from her climax when Taryn tore off into her orgasm. Sensing Taryn cumming around his cock was too much for Owen and finally he came, deep within Taryn's pussy. Finally spent, Owen slumped back, letting his cock slip out of Taryn. Owen looked at the quivering women before him that he had fucked to a simultaneous orgasm and smiled to himself, not believing what he just did. 

"Okay, I'm hungry, we need some lunch. Get dressed all of you. Red, get lunch on the table and clean up this mess," Owen said with heaving breaths as he looked at Taryn and winked.

"Yes, Master," Taryn replied with glee as she stood up. "Alright, you heard, Master, get dressed both of you!" Taryn said sternly to Rosina and Richard. "Nick, you clean up this place, and I will be inspecting it!" she said to Richard who nodded in reply. "Cat, you'll come and help me with lunch," she added as she glanced at Rosina while starting to get dressed.

Owen picked up his pants and walked upstairs casually to have a shower. After his shower he strolled to his room and got changed into fresh clothes. Looking around his room he realized that it was too small for the new head of the family. Walking over to his parent's room he looked around the spacious room and glanced at the bathroom it had and smiled to himself. Why shouldn't' the Master of the house have the Master Bedroom?

Owen walked downstairs to the dining room, glancing in the living room to find Taryn admonishing Richard for a poor job of cleaning. Walking into the kitchen he saw Rosina dashing back to the stove to stir a pot of lunch. Owen smiled at her and graciously took the spoon from her hand and continued to stir the pot. With a thankful kiss on the cheek she returned to the dining room to set the table. It was not long after when Taryn walked into the kitchen and snatched the spoon away from Owen before she shooed him into the dining room in a motherly manner. Owen laughed, gave her a peck on the lips and walked into the dining room where Rosina seated him at the head of the table, Richard's usually empty chair.

It wasn't that long after that the whole family was seated around the table, eating dinner. Taryn was seated at the other end of the table, across from Owen. Rosina was seated where she usually was and Richard now sat where Owen used to sit. The chatter during dinner was lively once more as the family openly discussed the events of the past few weeks. Richard had a number of questions for Taryn, Rosina and Owen about how everything happened. As well, his family wanted to know more about his relationship with Heather and all that entailed. The talk was light and casual, with everyone using each other's first names. Instead of the expected anger and jealousy that one might expect, there was understanding and laughter. The meal was long over and the family was enjoying after dinner coffee with their continued conversation when Owen spoke up.

"I have decided that we need to re-arrange the bedrooms," Owen said in a calm yet firm tone of voice.

"What do you mean, dear?" Taryn asked curiously, as she took a sip of her coffee.

"I am the head of the family, the Master of the house, so I will take the Master Bedroom. Taryn will move into the old guest room, Richard will move into my old room and Rosie will stay where she is." Owen said casually, expecting no challenges.

"That makes sense, dear," Taryn said after swallowing hard, glancing around the table. Neither Richard nor Rosina said anything but silently nodded their compliance.

Taryn tried not to look shaken by the news that she would lose her bed and bedroom. A small part of her liked the thought of having her own bedroom, though most of her was used to the expected order of a family. That order was tossed upside-down that day, however, the massive changes that had happened, Taryn wasn't sure if they were for the better or worse. She knew that she had to comply, to obey Owen was deeply ingrained in her now, to disobey him simply wasn't in her anymore. The other thing she knew was that the family seemed to be closer now than ever before, the lively conversation over lunch was a testament to that. Rather than balk now, Taryn decided to trust Owen and see just what effect this new arrangement would have on the family.

After the late lunch, the family went upstairs to rearrange the bedrooms as ordered. Owen decided to leave the furniture where they were and simply and move the contents around. It seemed the easiest, but there were a few choice items of furniture that his parents wanted in their rooms. Taryn wanted the dressing vanity, which had been in her family a few generations. Richard wanted a specific, dresser, one that had special sentimental value to him. Owen agreed to these requests and not only helped in the move but made sure that each of them would be comfortable in their new rooms. When it was clear that the extra dresser in Richard's room wouldn't fit, they moved Owen's old dresser into the basement, to free up room. With Taryn's room, there simply wasn't enough closet space for all her clothes and dresses. Owen allowed her to store her rarely used clothes in the back of the walk-in closet in his room, since he didn't need such a large closet.

The moving and re-arranging took the rest of the afternoon yet come dinner time, the family wasn't that hungry so they opted for a light dinner. After dinner the family watched television together for the first time in years. Taryn cuddled up to Richard on the couch and Rosina cuddled up to Owen on the loveseat. Once again this was a casual time enjoyed by the family with no orders shouted or obeyed. The order of the evening was light, happy and a relaxing time of togetherness. Eventually the time grew late and the day drew to a close.

"Time for bed everyone," Owen said as he started to stand up, with a grumble from Rosina.

Everyone walked upstairs and started to get ready for bed. When everyone was ready for bed, Rosina did the natural thing and walked into Owen's room. By now it was natural and expected for her to sleep with Owen and to use her room for merely changing her clothes. Rosina was a little miffed that Owen didn't order her to move into the Master Bedroom with him. When Owen stopped her, Rosina was shocked and gave him a hurt look to match her feelings.

"Rosie, you've slept with me every night for some time now, I think it's Taryn's turn, don't you?" Owen said calmly, with a leading tone of voice as he looked at Rosina with a raised eyebrow.

"Of course, how inconsiderate of me, go on mom, it's your turn to sleep with him," Rosina smiled a warm and inviting smile at Taryn as she backed away.

Taryn was flabbergasted, she hadn't expected this! With all the changes this day brought, she didn't imagine that it would mean that she could spend the night with Master. With all of the family secrets out in the open, there was no reason for her not to spend the night with him. For the first time since she had become his Slave, Taryn would actually be able to hold her Master all night long and wake up in his arms. With glee she hurriedly embraced and kissed Rosina thanking her before pulling Owen into the Master Bedroom and closing the door. Richard and Rosina looked at each other before Richard turned to walk into his room, though Rosina stopped him.

"Set your alarm for 5:30, come wake me, there's a tradition you need to see to," Rosina said to Richard before she walked to her room. "If you know what's good for you," she added with a wink before she disappeared into her room for the night.

Big Changes At Home Ch. 13
bypolyman©

Chapter Thirteen

Rebirth Of The Thompson Family

The alarm clock screamed that next morning and Richard smacked the annoying device into silence. Looking around the darkened room, for a moment he was perplexed to find himself in the smaller room. He looked around the room, which used to be Owen's room, and wondered why he wasn't in his room. The answer hit him and his eyes widened as he realized that he was in his room. The events of the weekend rolled over him quickly, like the highlights of a movie. The Saturday banquet the law firm held, the sex and submission to his wife, his submission to his son the following day, and the upheaval in the family structure that followed. Richard wasn't the head of the family anymore, Owen was, and was also the Master of everyone in the family. Richard sighed and shook his head as he realized that he was the Slave of his son, along with his wife and daughter. He winced as he realized that he had lost the right to call them that anymore, to him they were Owen, Taryn and Rosina. Rosina: there it was, he remembered why he had set his alarm for Five-Thirty. Rosina had said he should wake her, for his own good.

Rolling out of bed and wondered what "tradition" he needed to attend to this early in the morning. Tossing his bathrobe on over his panamas he walked quietly out of his room and over to Rosina's. Pushing the door open, he peered inside and looked at his little girl curled up in the bed. Unfortunately the sight of his little girl sleeping, didn't bring back the sweet images of when she was little, but the sight of her the day before, getting fucked by Owen. His cock thickened at the thought of her brother plunging his thick cock repeatedly into her small pussy. Richard shook his head and forced the nasty thoughts out of his head as he approached the bed.

"Sweetie . . . Rosie," Richard said softly as he shook Rosina by the shoulder that Monday morning. With a grumble and groan Rosina started to stir and wake up, looking at Richard with a slightly puzzled look when she was fully awake. "You wanted me to wake you at Five-Thirty this morning," Richard said and looked at Rosina, hoping for any clue as to why.

"Oh yeah, the tradition . . . c'mon," Rosina said as she rolled out of bed, completely nude.

Richard's eyes bugged out as he saw his daughter casually get out of bed without a stitch of clothing on and leisurely put a housecoat on. A few days ago she would have made him leave the room before even risking for him to see any part of her body. As a result of the revelations of the previous day, fear of nudity seemed so trivial and pointless. They had witnessed each other have sex, in front of the whole family as well. Quietly they walked out of Rosina's room and then downstairs, it wasn't until they were on the main floor before Richard spoke up.

"Rosie, what 'tradition' do we have to see to?" Richard asked as his foot touched the main floor.

"This is your first morning as a Slave to Master, so you need to make him breakfast in bed," Rosina said as she started to walk toward the kitchen.

"Breakfast in bed?" Richard asked with a touch of nervousness, it had been quite a while since he had cooked breakfast.

"Yes, it is our way of showing our gratitude for his taking control of us. Our way of expressing our love and devotion to him," Rosina said as she entered the kitchen and walked over to the coffee maker.

"Gratitude?" Richard asked with a slightly puzzled tone of voice.

"Yes. I can't speak for you, but for me, my life is much simpler now, much clearer. He has taken the responsibility for the tough decisions in life and left me with a clear path, to follow him. I am immensely grateful to Master for doing that," Rosina explained as she started to prep the coffee maker to brew coffee. "Sit down, while I make us breakfast first," she added casually.

"Are you happy this way?" Richard asked tentatively as he eyed up his daughter who started to pull out pans from a bottom cupboard.

"Absolutely, I couldn't imagine being any other way! I am proud to serve Master! I will always be there to serve him in any way he needs. I love him, I need to show him how much I love him and love to serve him with my service and devotion," Rosina replied as she paused for a moment to look Richard in the eye to convey her earnestness.

"You really do see yourself as his Slave, don't you?" Richard replied with a nod of his head.

Richard could see in his daughter's eyes that she earnestly wanted to show her brother her love and constant devotion. To her it wasn't a once a week thing, it was a constant, 24/7 thing. She wasn't a submissive who sought a Master once in a while, she was a Slave who was bound to her Master and served him with absolute devotion, believing that she literally belonged to him like his shirt or his shoes.

"What else would I be?" Rosina replied with a silly smile on her face.

Rosina glanced over at her father and smiled at him. It had been some time since she had spent any time with him and this morning reminded her of her special morning. Now she was showing Richard what to do to in order to please Master on his special morning, the morning after his submission to Master. Even though, Rosina was happy as Owen's Slave and trusted that Richard would be too, eventually. The thought of her father a Slave to Owen just like she was, struck her as a little odd and she wondered why he did it. Rosina wondered if her father regretted being Owen's Slave, what man would want to be his son's Slave?

"Dad . . ." Rosina started out but Richard quickly cut her off.

"Richard!" Richard quickly interjected.

"Right, Richard, what do you think of this weekend?" Rosina asked as she opened the fridge and started to pull out supplies to make breakfast.

"What do you mean, Rosie?" Richard asked as he looked at Rosina's rear, a touch too long.

"About everything that happened this weekend, all the changes!" Rosina said strenuously as she turned to look her father in the eye.

"Relief," Richard said with a heavy sigh.

"RELIEF?" Rosina snorted in shocked reply.

"Yeah, I was lost when I lost my Mistress. I was so used to having someone to serve that to suddenly not have a Mistress was too much to bear. Now that I have Master and Mistress Red to serve, I am much happier; things are the way they should be." Richard said with a look of peace about him as he smiled at Rosina.

Rosina could see it in his face that Richard was relieved, she couldn't deny it. It still struck her as odd that any man would want to give up control of his family to anyone, let alone his son! Though Rosina could see the smile of contentment on her father's face and took solace in his comfort.

"But what about Owen as head of the family? Are you relieved to give up that control too?" Rosina asked as she continued to cook breakfast.

Richard got up and poured himself and Rosina a mug of coffee each. He thought about that one, and knew that as a man he should never have allowed that to happen. As a Slave to Heather it was always contained to every Friday evening, this was different. It had happened so fast and he was so used to complying with those in authority over him that he had gone along with it. It was done now, he was his son's Slave and how could he serve his son one moment and then be his father the next? No, like it or not, it was the way it had to be, he knew Owen was right.

"We both know that I haven't been much of a father these past few years. Hopefully

Master will be a better head of family than I was. It might be for the best, we will have to trust Master, and wait and see," Richard said as he put the mug of coffee down beside Rosina.

"But are you relieved to give up that control? Is this what you really want?" Rosina asked as she took a sip of coffee while intently eye Richard.

"Yeah, I don't have to worry about the family anymore," Richard said with a smile as he opened up a cupboard and pulled out two plates.

"As long as you're okay with it, Dad," Rosina said as Richard put the plates down on the counter.

"Richard," Richard replied.

"I don't care what Master says, you'll always be my daddy!" Rosina said fervently as she suddenly turned and embraced Richard with a firm hug.

"And you'll always be my little girl, but Master was very clear on this, we must obey him, right?" Richard said in a calm and firm manner, while stroking Rosina's hair.

"I know," Rosina said as she broke the embrace and smiled up at Richard with tears in her eyes. "I love you, Richard," she said, still finding the last word hard to say.

"I love you too, Rosie," Richard said as he kissed Rosina's forehead. "Now how about that breakfast?" he asked as he smiled at Rosina.

Rosina then served up the breakfast and the pair chatted while they ate. Oddly enough, the man sitting across from her felt more like a friend to Rosina, rather than her father. In any event she was starting to feel closer to Richard than she had in years. Richard did seem happier and more comfortable with himself, and generally at ease. As bizarre as it seemed, Rosina started to see how this radical restructuring of the family might be the best for everyone.

Once breakfast was finished Rosina instructed Richard on how and what to cook. Rosina made sure that Richard did everything and did it exactly the way that she had prepared it. Richard still felt strange cooking breakfast after Taryn making it for him for so many years. Despite the considerable amount of time that had passed since he had last cooked, Richard did okay. At the appointed time of Six Twenty-Nine, Richard and Rosina walked up the stairs, with breakfast on a tray.

Tarn lay still that Monday morning as she remained curled up to Owen. For the first time she had been able to make love to Owen late into the night and fall asleep surrounded by his powerful arms. As she brushed some stay hair away from her Master's face she was filled with Love. Taryn's heart nearly burst with the intense love that she felt for her son Owen. She glanced around the Master Bedroom that had been hers for most of her marriage. Taryn looked at the bed that had been her marital bed and oddly enough, it still felt like that to her. She kissed Owen's cheek and laid her head on the shoulder of the man who felt like her real husband.

Tarn was content yet conflicted, but she tried to enjoy the peace of the moment despite the conflict. Tarn knew that by rights, she should be lying next to Richard, her husband and not her son. The recent events seemed to be driving her towards her son at breakneck speed. Since her submission to him, she felt herself drawing ever closer to him. Try as she might, she needed him in a way that a mother shouldn't need a son. Taryn even had trouble seeing Owen as her son anymore; he was so much more to her than that. She loved him as much or more than she had ever loved Richard, in that she knew that she was in truth his wife as well as his Slave. Taryn also knew that she could never be his wife, even if you put aside the fact that they were mother and son. The main reason that Taryn knew she couldn't marry Owen was that a true Slave didn't desire to tie her Master down. As his wife she would be his equal and that simply went against the natural order of things, she was his Slave and he was her Master.

This morning Taryn knew that there was absolutely nothing normal about her family. The strangest thing was that the family seemed to be closer knit and happier than before. Things like this shouldn't happen and when they do they should cause irreparable damage to the whole family, and yet Taryn liked the way things had worked out. The whole family had accepted and encouraged her special relationship with her son. No more did she have to hide it from any member of the family. In fact the whole family could relax and be themselves within the safety of the family. Wasn't that what a loving family should be? Didn't everyone strive to create an environment where everyone in the family knew they were loved and could express themselves? Sure they may be the most bizarre and mixed up family in the world, but they were happy.

Before Taryn could continue her morning musings, the door opened up. Richard walked in the room holding a tray of breakfast. He was followed by Rosina who wore a cheeky smile on her face as she winked at Taryn, behind Richard's back. In that instant Taryn knew what was going on and had to stifle a laugh at the thought of Richard cooking. As she looked at the pair dressed in bathrobes, standing near the end of the bed an idea formed in her mind.

"How dare you disgrace yourselves like this!" Tarn snapped angrily in a hushed tone of voice. "You two are not worthy to wear clothes in Master's personal chambers! Return to your rooms and put your clothes away. Come back when you can present yourselves more appropriately!" Taryn growled and scowled at Richard and Rosina.

Without saying a word, both Richard and Rosina left the room. After about a minute the pair walked into the room in the same order, both completely nude. Taryn looked them over and smiled as she appreciated the individual beauty of Richard and Rosina. Richard was a handsome man, and indeed radiated masculine appeal. Rosina was a tight and trim young lady with a slender and petite body style. Both of the Slaves before her made her mouth water.

"Stand there while I wake Master," Taryn said as she pulled the bed sheets down.

Tarn had pulled the sheets down so far that both she and Owen were revealed down to their ankles. Richard and Rosina both liked the display of flesh before them. Richard kept walking his eyes over Taryn's body. Rosina kept looking between Owen's and Taryn's nude bodies. After the forced sexual play between her and her mother, Rosina looked upon Taryn's body with greater interest and appreciation. Without pausing at all Tarn leaned over and wrapped her lips around Owen's cock and quickly descended her lips on the shaft that she worshiped.

A sense of satisfaction and completeness came over her as she began to suck Owen's cock. At once she knew that she was where she belonged, on the end of her Master's cock. She had a purpose in life as long as her Master needed her. As long as she had the privilege to serve her Master, him her life had meaning. He had rewarded her loyalty and service with an elevated position and greater authority. Deep in her heart Taryn knew that she was nothing more than his slut, his Slave, his possession.

Taryn's oral ministrations did not go unnoticed by anyone in the room, including Owen. Owen started to stir and wake up as the pleasurable sensations from his cock disturbed him from his slumber. Owen looked down at his mother who was happily sucking on his cock and smiled. Love filled his heart as he watched her repeatedly bob her head on his dick. Owen looked up and saw Richard and Rosina standing at the foot of the bed, nude. Richard held a tray of breakfast, his arms starting to shake from holding the tray for so long. His mind flashed back to yesterday and the tumultuous changes that he had implemented. He smiled to himself as he glanced around the Master Bedroom, his room. A wicked sense of satisfaction filled him and he sighed as everything seemed right with the world.

"That's enough Red, I'm awake," Owen said with a smile as he patted Taryn's still moving head.

"Good Morning Master," Taryn said lovingly as she moved up and kissed Owen on the lips. "Should I punish them for the audacity of waking you, Master?" Taryn asked Owen with a stern tone of voice and a mischievous sparkle in her eye.

"No, not yet," Owen replied. "Let's see what they want," he said with a similar twinkle in his eye before he looked at Richard expectantly.

"I brought you breakfast, Master, to thank you for taking me on as your Slave and relieving me of the burden of being the head of the family," Richard said with a submissive tone of voice.

"Did you make enough for Red?" Owen asked as he eyed the tray.

"Yes, Master, I made enough for you and Mistress Red," Richard Replied in the same submissive voice as he kept looking down.

"Good, you can feed Red, and Cat can feed me," Owen said as he glanced over at Rosina.

"Yes, Master," Richard replied with a nod of his head.

The Thompson family sat together on that bed and spent some much-needed together time. Richard fed Taryn and Rosina fed Owen. Not much was said as two family members fed the other two family members in silence. Richard and Rosina enjoyed the moment of pure servitude. They enjoyed the simple pleasure of serving and obeying their Master and Mistress. Once breakfast was finished Richard cleaned the tray of dishes away and put them on a nearby dresser.

"Breakfast was good, Nick. From now on, you and Cat will have the table set downstairs and breakfast ready by seven each morning, understood?" Owen said in a commanding tone of voice as he glanced back and forth between Richard and Rosina.

"Yes, Master," Richard and Rosina replied in chorus.

"Good, now Cat, get over here and suck my cock!" Owen ordered as he gave Rosina a stern glare.

"Yes, Master!" Rosina squealed in delight as she stretched out on the bed.

Rosina quickly arranged herself so that her head was between Owen's legs and she was comfortable. Eagerly she grasped Owen's cock and brought her lips to the head of the thick cock. Sliding her lips down the shaft of her Master's cock always brought Rosina delight, but to do so in front of her Father added and extra kick of excitement. Without any trouble the fat head slipped down her throat. Rosina set about to draw out the blowjob by setting a slow pace. Richard watched intently as his daughter sucked off his son, she seemed blissfully happy to do so.

"Okay, Nick, time to get to work. Get down there and eat your Mistresses pussy," Taryn said with a wicked smile on her face.

Taryn moved over a bit and spread her legs wide, as Richard moved calmly and steadily to get into position. Eating pussy was something that Richard knew well, it was one of the regular things that he had done for Heather. Once again Richard had been ordered by his Mistress to eat her pussy, and he was happy to comply. The regular order of what Richard expected in life continued, he was given an order, and he would comply. Richard looked over the pussy of his long-time wife, and recently acquired Mistress, and absorbed its beauty. He always knew she was a beautiful woman with a tasty pussy, and this was one order he was happy to comply with.

When Richard's tongue reentered his mouth after taking its first lick of Taryn's pussy, the taste was sweet and delicious. This was just the taste he remembered, the reason why he loved to eat pussy, and Taryn's pussy always tasted sweet. Licking up towards her clitoris, Richard was rewarded with still more of the slick and tasty nectar. It wasn't until he got down to the entrance to the inner depths of her womanhood that the taste changed. Mixed with the sweet taste that he knew and loved was a salty, foreign flavor that wasn't familiar. Ignoring this and continuing to press on, Richard continued to lick around the entrance, only to find more of the odd tasting juice flowing out. Richard's confusion got the better of him and he did something he shouldn't have, he glanced up into Taryn's eyes.

"Yes Nick, there is something different about the way my pussy tastes this morning, isn't there. Care to know what it is? I'll tell you, Nick, you are eating a freshly fucked pussy!" Taryn said with a sneer on her lips as she looked down at a wide-eyed Richard. "Yes Nick, you are licking Master's cum out of my pussy! How does it feel to be licking your son's cum out of his mother's pussy?" Taryn asked daringly and waited for a moment to answer, when a stunned Richard didn't say anything, she continued. "I didn't tell you to stop, Nick! Eat my pussy!" she ordered arrogantly and grasped Richard's head and pulled it toward her pussy. 

Richard didn't need to be told twice and his need to submit kicked in and he resumed his licking efforts. He found it harder to eat Taryn's pussy knowing exactly what he was eating. On one level he was disgusted but on another level it was exhilarating to be made to do something so disgusting. He was conflicted from so strong yet different emotions from the one act. To calm his emotions he focused on the act of eating pussy, not the strange taste or what it actually was. This seemed to serve Richard well as he was able to bring Taryn off to a tremendous orgasm. This orgasm only served to bring forth more of the tainted, pussy juice, juice which he had to lick up, to spill any was always forbidden. Richard was just reeling from that uncomfortable experience when he was thrust into another uncomfortable experience.

Owen had watched the exchange between his father and mother and a wicked idea cooked up in his mind to test his control over his father. Rosina was setting a leisurely pace to the blowjob that she was enjoying giving almost as much as Owen was in receiving. The wicked sight of his sister eagerly sucking his cock as if it was the most natural thing in the world was a turn on. The fact that he owned her was another fact which always spurned his lust higher.

The act seemed to be taking too long to make him cum so he decided to take matters into his own hands. Reaching down he grasped Rosina's head with a gentle yet firm grip on either side of her head. As Rosina expected, the pace of the blowjob increased exponentially as her head was guided up and down by Owen's grip. Rosina sucked hard and allowed her mouth to be used by her Master. Rosina knew that she was a vessel for his pleasure, any pleasure she received was purely coincidental and inconsequential. Rosina sensed that Owen was about to cum and readied herself to swallow all that her Master had to offer when abruptly her lips were pulled off his cock. Rosina found herself staring straight at the head of her Master's cock, and wondered for a half moment what was going to happen next. Her wondering came to an end when the first rope of Owen's cum landed on her cheek. Rosina closed her eyes and let her Master direct the cum blasts all over her face. Rope after rope landed across her face and it felt like her entire face was covered in his cum. Rosina smiled, she was filled with bliss, knowing that she could be used once again for her Master's pleasure.

"Nick, lick Cat's face clean," Owen ordered firmly.

Richard's mind froze as he tried to comprehend what he had just been ordered to do. He dared not question at Master or even look at him, the only thing to do was comply. Richard didn't want to do anything of the sort, this was too strange. This felt wrong to him and he wanted to refuse, but he was unable to do so. He had been Heather's Slave for too long not to comply with an order given to him by a Master or Mistress. With his mind screaming to turn and run away Richard leaned over towards a now open-eyed Rosina and licked her left cheek. The taste was more intense than what he had just licked from Taryn's pussy. Without stopping to taste or process what he was doing Richard continued to lick his daughter's face clean of her brother's cum. When the last of his son's cum was licked clean off Rosina's face, Richard leaned back and looked down, too ashamed to do anything else.

"Good work, Nick. You are a good Slave. You may wash and tend to Red's grooming needs in the main bathroom while Cat sees to me in my bathroom." Owen said casually as he started to get out of the bed and walked towards the Master Bedroom, bathroom.

Richard operated on auto-pilot as he went through the motions of getting ready for the day. First Richard washed and cared for Taryn before he got himself ready for work. He was troubled by the events of the morning and fearful of what the future had in store for him. Pulling out of the driveway and speeding off down the road, a transformation of personality took place. Gone was the submissive Richard who was the Slave to his son and in its place was the tough, high-powered lawyer. Before he turned the corner, Richard was ready to take on the world, feeling energized, refreshed and powerful.

Taryn left for work that morning and walked down the sidewalk, feeling like a new woman. After kissing both her children, and her husband goodbye she closed the door behind her, and started to walk. This morning was in a way a rebirth of the Thompson family, and a new structure and routine was taking place. Taryn took deep breaths and felt cleansed and renewed, taking powerful strides in her walk down the street. Finally she felt like her life was coming together, like all the pieces of the puzzle were fitting into place. It may not have been a puzzle that anyone else may like, but it was shaping up to be just what she needed. She had a Master and loved to serve him, she was a Mistress and craved to use the power that she held over Master's Slaves. As well as a wife and mother she loved to see her family so close and happy once again. Yes, Taryn was happy with the new order of the family, and felt like proudly telling the world about her family, but knew she could never do so.

As Owen and Rosina walked away from the Thompson house, towards the bus stop Rosina was deep in thought. Sure she was walking right beside the man she loved, and to the world they made a cute couple. Rosina was full of conflicting emotions and reactions to the milestone of a weekend that it had been for the family. On one hand, Rosina liked the fact that everyone in the family knew about her relationship with Owen. That meant that now she didn't have to hide or sneak around to be with Owen and could openly show her obedience and subservience to him. The fact that Owen had taken their father on as a Slave did seem a little troubling to her, despite the fact that this was the reason for the new openness within the family. Add to that the fact that Owen was now the head of the family and ran the house increased her discomfort. This struck Rosina as odd and yet it was another thing that she had to get used to. Above all, Rosina loved and trusted Owen completely, both as her man and her Master. Whatever Owen wanted, she would go along with because she needed to show her love and devotion to him. Despite what troubling things Owen might do, his dutiful Slave Rosina would be there to support and serve him until her death, she could do no less.

Owen was on top of the world and could barely believe his good fortune. Raw power coursed through his veins that morning as he walked, towards the bus stop. His arm was around Rosina's waist and he casually let that arm slip down until it was resting squarely on her ass. In a smooth motion he slipped his hand into the back pocket of her jeans, without asking or even looking at her. Owen loved everything that had happened this weekend, and a better way for things to turn out he couldn't imagine. Even though, he knew that nothing about the new family structure was normal, everything felt right. To Owen, his taking the position of head of the family away from Richard was simply the next natural step. He, Owen was far more of a man than his father had ever been. Rightfully the position of head of the family should go to the strongest man, at least in his mind. Still, the fact that the family was his to lead and that burden was on his shoulders was not lost on him. Silently Owen pondered what that meant and what the next step for the family was. What was it that the family needed? What guidance and leadership could he give to the family? How could he show his family that they were all better off as him as the head of the family? These questions rolled through Owen's mind the rest of the day at school.