Family Takedown 01
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story is harsher than my previous posts. It contains non-consensual incestuous sex. Generally, it relies on coercion as a device, but this part contains mild violence. You've been warned.

Superiority Complex

Allison Thornton drove the tip of her pencil eraser into her right temple as she worked through the logic progression necessary to solve the complex equation staring at her from the page.

"It all ties into vectoring the gravitational pull against the rotational momentum," she pondered. "This can't be that hard."

Allison was smart. Maybe smarter than she knew. Too smart, really.

Locked in her bedroom for another 'all-nighter' under the solitary spotlight of her desk lamp, Allison hadn't noticed the time slip away and the sun rise at the 7:00 o'clock hour as she finished working through the difficult assignment for her Applied Astrophysics course at Cal Sci.

"Okay, that's it...that's the key. Now it's all coming together," she concluded. Another problem solved, another challenge vanquished.

"I'll bet I'm the first person in class to solve this one," she decided, justifiably pleased with herself.

Allison was accustomed to conquering intellectual problems. She was something of a prodigy at CS. The only sophomore...and woman, in the advanced course surrounded by geeky male upper classmen, she had been an academic star her entire life. School had always come to her naturally.

"Bye, kids. Have a wonderful day!"

The homework completed, her attention broke from her studies with the sound of her mother Kate calling out to her children. It was Friday, and Kate was headed out for a day of shopping, lunch and cocktails with her lady friends.

It was a weekly event for their early 40's mother -- a woman with time on her hands since Allison's father George was also quite brilliant. Mr. Thornton had founded a research think tank that was quite profitable, consulting on scientific issues for the government and many major corporations.

Sleepy and worn out, Allison exited her bedroom to head downstairs for a glass of milk and a snack before taking a well-deserved nap. She didn't have any classes on Fridays, so could quietly catch a few hours before heading over to the CS library for some quality study time.

As she started to the stairwell she heard the rumbling in the 'Jack and Jill' bathroom she shared with her younger brother David, who was clearly up and about, getting ready to take a shower. When she returned to her room the shower was still running after a full 20 minutes.

"Doesn't he realize we're in a drought?" she shook her head bewildered. "He's probably jerking off in there."

It always took David forever in the shower, and Allison figured since he didn't have a girlfriend, masturbation was his only form of release. Not that Allison was in any better position with her love life. The difference was that, unlike her constantly horny little brother, Allison didn't really care. Sex and love weren't where her interests lay.

Pulling down the shade in her room, Allison was just about to take off her clothes when the music started. Loud music. Heavy metal throw-back garbage from the 1980's pouring out of her brother's room, causing the walls to shake from the incessant bass and making her prospect for sleep dim.

'BAM...BAM...BAM...' Allison pounded her fist on the adjoining wall, shouting for David to shut it off, but there was no way he was going to hear with that noise on, so she determined to play the role of big sister and go tell him to turn it off.

Allison played the role a lot when it came to her little brother. He was only a year younger than her at 18, the fraternal twin of their sister Britney, but unlike Brit, David had never seemed to mature. On top of that, unlike her or Brit, David had never been motivated to succeed, or to do much of anything really. While Allison was an intellectual whiz, Brit was driven to succeed in sports -- playing both soccer and softball.

David played sports too, participating on the high school wrestling team his senior year, but he was only on the junior varsity because he never wanted to take the time to learn proper technique. He preferred to just lift weights in the gym, wear his uniform, and pretend the fans on the sideline were cheering for him, when in fact most didn't even know he was on the team.

Of late, having graduated high school, David was hitting the gym hard hoping to make the squad at the local junior college. There was no way he was going to attend a 4-year college with his GPA, so the JC seemed his only option. Brit also attended the JC, but that was less about her grades and more about the national caliber women's soccer team they fielded and her desire to earn a scholarship to a major university.

Allison's intelligence led to something of a superiority complex over her younger brother and sister, although it was mostly directed at David. She wasn't so much arrogant, as she just couldn't control the impulse to point out the stupid things he said or liked, and that he didn't seem to have her sense of drive to succeed.

Brit might not be as smart as Allison either, but she was at least driven to succeed at sports, harnessing talents Allison had to admit she herself didn't possess.

The result was ridicule and teasing from Allison about nearly everything David did -- from school to wrestling to dating, and his general lack of knowledge or interest in the world. Marching into his bedroom to get her inconsiderate brother to turn off the music was just one more example of how he just didn't use his head.

*****************************

"ROCKIN', ROCKIN', INTO THE NIGHT!"

David posed in the mirror in the bathroom wearing only his tight briefs as he admired his muscles while the steam cleared and the music blared. The shorts weren't tighty-whities, since he preferred the bikini-style so he could pretend he looked like the muscular male models on the package. Besides, it outlined the contours of his 'package,' of which he was quite proud.

"The ladies are gonna dig me this year," he repeated his mantra.

David wasn't a bad looking fellow, with light brown hair and a solid build inherited from his mother's side of the family. His sister Brit exhibited the same traits. Like their mother, she also had light brown hair and was athletic.

Mrs. Thornton had been a gymnast on the college team when she had met their father. She was no rocket scientist either, but he was, and while he was more of a proto-typical academic than a physical specimen, he wasn't bad looking and she admired his intellect, falling in love and getting married right out of college.

The other more unfortunate trait David and Britney both shared with their mother was they were short. Kate Thornton was only 5'2" and maybe a 105 lbs. Brit was not much bigger. That was fine for girls. Men thought it was cute and, right or not, felt an ingrained need to protect a woman of such diminutive stature.

Such was not the case for a guy.

David stood just 5'6", and while his weightlifting had bulked his body up to 175 lbs. so he could compete on the mat, his height nonetheless was a barrier to his success in wrestling and, as it turned out, with the ladies as well. He was even shorter than his older sister.

It seems Allison took more after their father's side which, while not tall, was average of height. Allison stood a full 5'8", which only added to her sense of superiority over David, and created one more weapon she could use against him when she needed to put him in his place; which she did frequently whether she knew it or not.

David was a classic example of the Napoleon Complex -- when a person tries to compensate for their size by acting bigger than their britches, using braggadocio and aggressive bravado to overcome his insecurities about his height. He created delusions of his athletic prowess and appeal to the ladies that weren't matched by reality. The result was an underlying resentment of those he thought were holding him back, thwarting his dreams of wrestling stardom and sexual triumph.

*****************************

Allison didn't bother to knock on her brother's door, figuring there was no way he'd hear it anyway. Instead, she simply barged in to berate her brother, calmly walking to the other side of the room to shut off the head-banging music from the MP3 player.

'Click' and the music died.

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" David yelled, taking only a moment to charge out of the bathroom into his bedroom.

"GET THE HELL OUT OF MY ROOM, ALLISON! YOU CAN'T JUST CHARGE IN HERE AND TURN OFF MY MUSIC." David yelled, clearly irate. His short-cropped hair was still damp and his scant underwear was his only clothing. His body was flushed red from his hot shower, along with his pumping and preening in the mirror, which was soon matched by the redness in his face from his anger.

"This crap is too loud and I need to sleep," Allison was quick to reply as she turned towards her approaching brother. "Some of us actually studied all night, although that's something you wouldn't know about."

"I'd study too if that was all I had in my life," David angrily retorted. "Maybe if you'd get out and live a little you'd develop a little appreciation for this 'crap,' as you call it, not to mention get a date or something."

The resentment David felt for the years of teasing and abuse at the hands of his older sister lurked only slightly below the surface. Fueled by his sensitivity about his own lack of dating success, it was not difficult for his constantly demeaning sister to bring it out. It only took Allison's next riposte to send David over the edge.

"Spoken by 'Mr. Experience,' huh?" Allison derided. "Yeah, I can see the girls just lining up to get a date with you."

David had enough. All care that she was his big sister went out the window as quickly as the words left her mouth.

'I'll show her I'm not some loser,' he seethed, convinced he was everything he believed himself to be, and that he was in charge. In a rage, David reached with both hands and shoved his sister, launching her into the wall -- the only thing preventing her from falling to the floor.

"Hey...you little shit...," Allison's eyes shot wide from surprise at his attack.

Allison wasn't about to take that from David and scrambled up to put him in his place. Her brother had always been too big for his britches, but he had never dared to challenge his older sister, and certainly had never physically assaulted Allison.

'Smack!' The echo reverberated around the room.

Allison had just placed an open-handed slap to her brother's face. It seemed powerful to her, and made her hand sting, but it was only a glancing blow to David. Turning with it to dampen its impact, it barely phased him.

"That's it bitch, you're going down!"

'SLAP!'

David's eyes bulged as he immediately struck Allison's left cheek before she even had time to assess any damage she had done to her brother. The slap was harsh, causing her head to jerk to the right as the sting raced through the entire left side of her face and blood rushed to the site of the impact.

'CRACK!' The back of David's hand landed on his sister's right cheek before she could recover from his first blow.

"OOUUUCCHHH! WHAT THE...," Allison was momentarily stunned by the second hit, with flashes of white light coursing her brain and her black plastic-framed glasses flying askew across her face.

"You're gonna show me some respect," David barked. "I'm tired of your bullshit!"

David didn't let up, his pent-up anger and the sudden superiority of his position inflating his sense of power over his condescending big sister. Contrary to her intent, it was he who was going to put Allison in her place, and on her knees before him.

'THUD!' Balling his right fist, David punched his stupefied sister in the gut, knocking the air out of her lungs with a gasp, and dropping Allison weakly to her knees.

"UUGGHHHH...!" Tears welled in the distraught girl's eyes as she fought to catch her breath. Her shorter brother hovered over her like a prize fighter.

'What's he doing? He's outta control?' Allison realized through her confusion.

As her senses slowly returned, a cringing Allison gazed up with a pleading look of dismay at David, who suddenly appeared to be towering over her crouching form. Still establishing his dominance, David grabbed a handful of Allison's dark brunette bobbed hair before she could even adjust her glasses. Yanking skyward, he compelled his aghast sister to her feet.

"OUUUCHH!" Allison cried. "THAT HURTS, ASSHOLE!"

"Girl's aren't interested, huh? I'm a loser, is that it? I have nothing to offer a lady?" David pulled Allison's head to the left as he talked, a reminder of his control over his cowering big sister.

"C'mon, David, let me...go," Allison whimpered between welling tears. "I get it. I'm sorry."

"DAMN IT, YOU'RE HURTING ME!" She screamed.

David ignored her as he continued. He had his sister where he wanted her and he liked it -- the power...the control...and her fear.

"And what about you, Allison? I don't see any guys lining up to get in your panties...not even those geeks you're so impressed with at college," David said viciously, wanting to be cruel to his sister -- as cruel as she had been over countless years with her arrogance.

"What do you have to offer a guy?" He continued to hammer his sister with invective. "Who can even tell with the way you dress? You never wear any make-up like other girls."

"Hell, you can't even tell you're a girl with those big sweaters and loose jeans," David jibed, grabbing the top of her blue cable knit sweater and tugging it towards him.

"What you got in there anyway?" He complained. "No one knows."

But David did know.

You can't grow up in a house with two sisters and not have at least some sense of what they look like when dressed down, if not naked. It was true Allison almost always wore big floppy sweaters, sweatshirts and blouses, even in the summer, accompanied by loose-fitting jeans that straightened out most any curves she possessed. She almost never wore shorts or a tank top, even on the hottest of days.

Still, David knew that in the last few years his brainy sister had developed a body to match her mind.

Sometimes he'd enter their conjoined bathroom as she was leaving wrapped in just a towel, or she would on rare occasions make an appearance by the family pool. She always wore a functional yet form-fitting one-piece bathing suit, with the elastic material doing the best it could to cover her body. It was clear to David that Allison, for whatever else she may be in the annoyance department, possessed a ripe body with curves in all the right places.

Allison preferred to dress down, and not showing off her body. She wanted to be taken seriously in her studies. If she dressed up all 'girlie,' then the focus would be on her body and not her brain. That's why she kept her hair in a bob, wore no make-up, and plain baggy clothes. She just wanted to be treated like an equal -- like one of the guys.

Of average stature, Allison was bigger-boned than either her mother, sister, or David, for that matter. While not as athletic as any of the three, she was not chunky, but rather had a sturdy frame with tapered legs, broad hips, a trim waist beneath wide shoulders and firm arms.

yMost obviously, she had a large bust. Even her baggy clothes couldn't hide the pronounced bulge of the big chest she sported.

"Stop that," Allison said seriously, but her protest sounded weak, so overwhelmed by her brother's sudden audacity and the ringing pain still rolling around her addled brain from his slaps.

Tears ran down her pale cheeks as David nearly pulled her hair out by the roots. She liked to wear it short. It was curly but easy to manage. Right now, however, it just provided her brother an easy handle with which to pull her head to the side, just to keep her attention and demonstrate he was in charge.

"I got a better idea," David suggested. "Let's take a look instead."

Feeling his oats with his adrenaline flowing, David pushed the envelope more than initially intended. Still, he didn't think twice about pursuing his new objective. He felt an overwhelming urge to embarrass and humiliate his big sister.

"Take off the sweater, Allison." David's eyes were aflame with power. "Show me what you have to offer a guy."

"Knock it off, David. Screw you!" Allison tried to compose herself to reassert her authority over her little brother.

David wasn't as smart as his sister, but he was a smart enough tactician to know he needed to quell her resistance in the crib, before she gathered any strength of will to fight back.

Holding her in place by her hair, with her head still tilted and mouth breathing rage at her brother, David's left hand slapped Allison firmly across her covered tits to knock the side of her large right boob into her large left boob.

"AAGGGGHHHHH!! SHIT, THAT HURT YOU LITTLE SONOFABITCH!" She screamed loudly with outrage.

Despite the padding of the sturdy bra and thick sweater, the pain reverberated throughout her torso as her heavy mounds bounded about within their cage before settling back on her chest, as Allison instinctively reached to protect her precious breasts from his assault.

"I CAN MAKE IT HURT MORE THAN THAT...," he promised, raising the back of his hand once more to counter-swipe across her tits from the opposite side.

"OOOHHHH, FUCK...STOP IT!" Allison's pleading tone echoed in her voice this time, rather than protest.

"YOU SURE? I THINK IT'S FUN. LOOK AT THE WAY THEY BOUNCE IN YOUR SWEATER. MAYBE I SHOULD DO IT AGAIN?" The sneer on his face told Allison her little brother was deadly serious about beating her breasts further as she stood helplessly on jelly-like legs unable to protect herself.

"NOOO! STOP! PLEASE DAVID, STOP IT!" Allison's pleas had turned to begging. "I'M YOUR SISTER...THAT HURTS."

'WHACK!' Another smack across her tits was her brother's only response.

"OKAY...OKAY, I'LL TAKE IT OFF. I'LL SHOW YOU," Allison's begging quickly changed to acquiescence, bargaining with her heartless brother.

"Please...just...uh...stop hitting me," she followed meekly.

David's sneer suddenly turned to a smile, and the 18-year-old recent high school graduate felt just the slightest twinge in his cock. This was going in a direction he hadn't predicted, but now that it was, he intended to follow it to its logical conclusion.

"That's more like it. I'll stop hitting you...if you just do as you're told," David advised, loving his newfound control over his disdainful big sister.

"Let go of my hair," Allison asked.

"Why?"

"You have to let go of my hair if you want me to get my sweater over my head, stupid," Allison answered, instinctively retreating to familiar habits, which she immediately regretted when her brother, in a fit of spite, jerked her hair hard.

"YIIIKKEES!" Another shriek issued from his set-upon sister.

"Or I could just yank it out by the roots, sis," David retorted fiercely.

"Don't call me 'stupid.'"

"Oh...okay, I'm sorry! Please, you're going to tear it out of my head," Allison pleaded as more tears flowed from the excruciating pain in her scalp.

David let go with a shove, bouncing Allison once more against the wall with a thud. Allison thought about making a run for the door, but was afraid of what David would do if she didn't make it. That was a real possibility, since he stood between her and the door. He wasn't smart, but he was fast and strong. Allison thought the better of an escape attempt in favor of doing as he said.

Grabbing her sweater by the hem with each arm crossed over the other, Allison drew a deep breath before deliberately lifting the bottom of the garment up her torso.

'Oh, my god, she's doing it!' David gloated inside with amazement, eyes glued just a foot away as his bitchy sister began to follow his order and take off her top. There was a satisfaction in his expression only a person enjoying full control can realize.

Up her chest the sweater came, revealing Allison's constraining black bra as it went until she pulled the neck hole over her head and the knit fabric was removed.

"Just toss it on the floor," David advised authoritatively. "You can get it later."

Allison was pink with shame. The bra was functional and not terribly revealing, built for support rather than allure. Still, her full cleavage overflowed the top, pressed together to form a deep valley between her tits, with the black fabric contrasting sharply against her white skin, which rarely saw daylight.

She wanted to cover-up, and her immediate instinct was to move her hands to her chest. She quickly thought better of it, knowing her brother would just remove them by force.

'She really does have a major set of jugs,' David's inappropriate thoughts ran through his twisted mind as he appraised his sister.

"Wow, Allison, are you secretly a lesbian?" He asked facetiously, hoping to demean his big-titted sister, but in a faux complimentary manner. "I mean, wow, I don't know how you couldn't get a guy to fuck you with a big pair of tits like those?"

"I'm not a lesbian...," Allison shrank from the comment, then became defensive, "although men are such assholes maybe I should be!"

"I'm just not interested in dating," she added more contritely,

"Or sex," David remarked off-handedly.

"How big are they, sis?" The tormenting young man added in an inappropriate attempt to embarrass his chastened older sister. "Your tits, I mean. What's your cup size?"

"David! I'm your sister!" Allison shot back, appalled. "You can't ask me that."

"Inquiring minds want to know. Besides, my friend Lawrence is always asking." David threw in the last line knowing his sister would be mortified to think his longtime buddy had been asking about the size of her chest. He was right, and Allison curled her lip with disgust at the mere thought of David's slow-witted friend even thinking about her sexually.

"Never mind," David said, feigning nonchalance. "I'll find out in a minute."

It was an unsettling remark. David moved on.

"Let's see if the bottom matches the top," David's instruction was delivered matter-of-factly, but with utmost seriousness, "...see if you're the whole package."

The air hung still for a moment.

"DROP YOUR PANTS, ALLISON!" David shouted when she failed to act, turning up the intimidation factor. "NOW!"

Allison's brother's eyes were wild again, an act he was honing to scare his sister to do his will...to literally scare her out of her pants.

"David! You can't ask me to do that? I'll be in just my...um...underwear. You're my brother." Allison was clearly frightened by her brother's tone, but hoped she could still find some reason in his increasingly demented mind.

"I'M NOT ASKING, ALLISON," David replied harshly. "GET 'EM OFF!"

With reason failing, Allison turned to threats.

"You know, I'll tell mom and dad everything. They'll kick you out of the house," she charged with a tone of false bravado, certain injecting their parents into the mix would bring an end to this perverse display of power.

"UUGGHHH!" Quick as lightning, David swung his right palm again connecting with the side of Allison's face, turning her head and forcing her to cry out once more.

"I'LL BEAT THE SHIT OUT OF YOU IF YOU DO, ALLISON," David scowled at his sister as she blinked her way to cognizance after his swat to her head.

"This really will be easier if you just take off your pants," he returned to a calmer voice, suggesting to his smart sister that cooperation was much more in her interest and welfare. "You know down inside I'm not going to be happy if you whisper a word of this to mom or dad."

Allison knew he was right. He would always have some way to get at her, even if he was kicked out of the house, and she knew David well enough to know he would. Besides, his last blow had nearly knocked her senseless, and she didn't want to experience another.

Bowing her head, Allison unsnapped the top button of her loose jeans and then pulled down the fly. With a quick shuck off her hips, she let the denim slide down her shapely legs before stepping out of the puddled mass on the floor. She wasn't wearing any shoes, and simply kicked the pants into a pile with her sweater.

"You're learning. You really are smart, sis," David praised falsely. "You figured out I meant every word of what I just said."

"You behave like a good girl, and this will all be a lot less painful." Now it was David's turn to be condescending.

Allison was stripped down to her bra and panties. It wasn't something she was comfortable doing in front of other people, even the girls in the high school gym, and certainly not in front of her younger brother.

Assured of his authority and position of power, David took a step back and scanned his sister head to toe.

Allison looked good, even though her panties were white and every bit as 'industrial' as her black bra. He knew she wasn't fashion conscious, and probably didn't care if they didn't match.

His brainy sister's hips were flared and her legs toned, a surprise considering how much time she spent at a desk. To his discerning eye and definite arousal, he saw dark brown strands of pubic hair protruding from the elastic leg holes of her cotton briefs, indicating she cared no more for the grooming of her nether regions than she did for her general appearance.

Allison stood silent and uncomfortably let her brother gaze. She didn't like the way things were going, but didn't know how to stop it. At every turn, her brother beat her down with his strength, agility, and just plain vehemence.

"I don't understand you, Allison. A body like that?" He offered, purposefully crude in reducing his sister to an object of sexual desire for men. "I'd bet there's a dozen guys in your school alone who'd like to tap your ass."

David was in a strong position now and he planned to use it. His sister was vulnerable, and becoming more so with each command. Her will wasn't yet broken, but he was working on it, and gaining confidence with each success. He was sure he would achieve his rapidly developing goal, even though not completely formulated as yet.

"I guess when nobody's gonna see it, you don't need to bother with a trim," he laughed derisively.

David was directly eying her crotch when he made the mean comment, a fact sending a shiver up Allison's spine, and causing the unhappy collegian to instinctively move her hands to cover her mound. Adding to her discomfort was the visual of his semi-erect cock pushing against his briefs -- an awkward sight she noticed for the first time.

"You have a rockin' body, Allison," David nodded. "Lawrence would be pleased."

Again, the mention of David's creepy friend. Allison shrank once more.

"Well, I get a sense what a guy would be want from you, Allison," her brother lewdly suggested. "But I'd guess you wouldn't know what to do with a guy even if they did. You still a virgin, sis?"

"NO!" The question was blunt, catching Allison off guard. Her answer was out before she even thought to object.

It was a strong reaction and a surprise to her brother, who couldn't imagine when his studious big sister ever found the time, or a guy, to take her cherry.

"Seriously?" David was a bit incredulous. "Where'd it happen...the library?"

He got a good chuckle out of his sarcastic line. It was just too unbelievable his uptight sister had gotten laid, even though looking at her curves he could see the appeal. Her face was quite pretty in truth, even without make-up. Her eyes were big and blue, and her nose a little bit pug, but in a cute way.

Allison had round cheek bones with a little bit of pudginess to them. Her chin was rounded too, along with her mouth, which was encircled by full red lips...the kind movie stars would love.

"Yes, seriously, and it's none of your business," Allison snarled. Standing half-naked in her brother's bedroom was bad enough. Allison didn't want to surrender her privacy to an inquisition too.

"It is if I want to make it my business, sis, or you'll be seeing stars again," David threatened without nuance, which Allison understood full-well.

"But I don't really care that much, so I'll let you keep your little secret," he followed permissively. "I've got more important business with you, like getting you out of that bra and those panties."

"WHAT...?!" Allison was shocked by her brother. She almost thought she'd heard it wrong, but under the circumstances, it could be the only thing that made sense.

'This is going too far. I've got to get out of here,' she realized, 'or he's going to be completely out of control.'

Do or die, Allison decided it was time to make a run for it. Pain or not, she couldn't just stand there and be stripped naked by her little brother. She would have screamed, but no one else was home. Allison suddenly darted in the direction of the door. It was closed, but she thought if she could just get there...

'CRASH!'

She didn't even get close. Within two steps David used cat-like reflexes to hook her left ankle with his own, sending her spinning to the floor with a crash, driving her shoulder into the carpet, and nearly causing it to separate.

The fall hurt like hell, but David wasn't done. Grabbing his sister by her left wrist and bending it back in an awkward contortion, he pulled her to her feet as she squirmed against the pain.

"LET GO! OUCH...LET GO, DAVID! THAT HURTS! YOU'RE GOING TO BREAK MY WRIST."

Now on her feet, her brother was unrelenting with his grip to keep Allison in place as he enforced his will.

"That was stupid. You didn't think I'd catch you? I thought you were so fucking smart." There was a certain menace in David's expression, sending a chill up Allison's spine.

"You're not going anywhere without my say so."

'He's serious. He means it!' Allison knew in her heart and soul.

"So, do it, Allison, off with the bra and panties. Strip!"

The words were too incredible to be real, but Allison knew this wasn't a dream.

"Look, Allison, I'd better see you standing here naked in the next 30 seconds, or this wrist lock is going to feel like a love grasp compared to what I'll do to you," David threatened.

With that David released his grip and crossed his muscular arms as he waited for his reeling 19-year-old sister to comply. The look of certainty on his face made it clear he had every expectation she would.

Out of options, except capitulation, Allison did just that.

"David, don't make me...ohh...don't make me do...," Allison's voice trailed off as she issued one last furtive plea for respite from the unbelievably demented demand from her kid brother.

Even as she said the words, Allison's hands went to work, trembling visibly as she slipped first the left, and then the right strap of her functional bra off her shoulders and down her arms. Her mind raced when she reached behind her back to undo the triple hook catch of the wide back strap.

'Oh, dear god, am I really doing this?' She sighed in utter disbelief. 'Do I have a choice?'

With the third hook unsnapped it was the moment of truth. David saw the fabric of the contraption loosen and knew he was going to get his wish. He'd secretly wanted to see his big sister's giant tits since his friend Lawrence first brought them to his attention a couple of years back. Prior to that, he hadn't thought about it...she was just his geeky big sister.

Now it would happen. He hadn't planned this chain of events, but he was committed to seeing it through to wherever it took him. At least until his sister rebelled, if she ever did.

Allison finally pulled the bra forward and dropped it on the ground on top of the growing pile of her clothing to reveal her gloriously massive tits to the eager eyes of her little brother.

"Whoa...," David stood gaping at the sight with rapt attention. As before, Allison didn't bother to cover her proud breasts with her arms, despite the impulse to do so. She knew it would be a waste of effort.

David was not disappointed. Allison's tits were everything he had ever imagined. They were round and lily white, once again evidence they never saw the sun, and topped by wide, silver dollar-sized rose pink nipples. Currently flat in her fearful state, he could tell they would harden to diamond points with the proper stimulation.

Allison's hefty globes had a pleasant sag to them more defined by their weight than her age, but when she removed the restraining cups of her bra to allow them to spring free, they exhibited all the lively bounce expected of a college girl's chest.

Most of all, however, they were big...really big!

Accented by Allison's naturally round curvaceous frame, they looked huge. Although her body was soft, it was firm with youth, and her monster jugs were exaggerated even against her overall body size.

"No, no. Hand the bra to me," David demanded, determined to get the answer she had denied him earlier.

Bending to pick-up the discarded bra, Allison's full tits hung down momentarily, jostling about in an impressive display of their size and shape. She handed the black garment to her brother, who immediately examined the tag.

"35DD! Lawrence knew you had to be at least a D," David exclaimed his glee. "DD though...those are jomby!"

Again with the mention of his friend. Allison didn't want to know what Lawrence thought about her breasts.

"I gotta hand it to you, Allison," David complimented sincerely. "You may be a boring Brainiac, but you have a spectacular rack."

Allison flushed with embarrassment at her brother's crude comments about her anatomy. It was hard enough to stand in front of him in just her panties, she didn't need to hear what he thought about her chest.

"Give 'em a little shake," David ordered crudely.

Allison shot her brother an angry glare at his teasing inquiry, shaking her head violently. The effect caused her impressive boobs to shimmy to and fro with the action, inadvertently granting David's demand despite herself.

"Thank you," he gleamed. "Better than a stripper."

"Speaking of strippers, Allison...strip! Lose the panties," David ordered with a smirk. "Let me see that hairy muff."

"David! Nooo...!" Allison had once again found her voice in her shock. "Don't be so rude. You shouldn't talk to me like that!"

"SHUT UP, ALLISON!" David's hand was back in his sister's curly hair in an instant, pulling tightly against its anchor in her head. Her big tits shook vigorously as she reflexively reached her hands to grab his and reduce the tension of his firm yank.

"AAGGHHHH! STOP, STOP...OKAY, OKAY!" Allison conceded. "I'LL TAKE THEM OFF."

"What Allison? What are you going to take off?" David pressed, feeling his imperious authority grow with each passing minute.

The strong young wrestler didn't let up for a second on his grip as his sister's neck muscles strained. Allison stood on her toes to alleviate the pressure on her scalp as her red eyes watered. Her dominating little brother now wanted more than merely defeating Allison physically...he wanted to undermine her resistance as well, and break her will to his own.

"MY...PANTIES," she added. "I'LL TAKE OFF MY...UMM...PANTIES."

"Why, Allison? Why are you going to take off your panties for your brother?" David's arm muscles flexed as he used all his considerable strength to assure her compliance with his command.

"SO...SO YOU CAN SEE MY...UH...MY HAIRY MUFF," Allison stammered, hoping her use of the coarse street term would placate her demanding brother.

"Nice try, but wrong. Try again." David's tone was remarkably calm.

"UM...UH...I...OWWHH...I DON'T...OHH...BECAUSE YOU...BECAUSE YOU SAID SO?!" She answered with a questioning voice expressing her doubt.

Allison was desperate to be released. Her head was pounding with blood pulsing to her point of distress. She was guessing, but hoped her answer satisfied her dominant brother's need for her submission.

It wasn't the answer David was looking for necessarily. He didn't truly know what he wanted her to say, but he liked it, so he accepted it. Still, he didn't let go of her hair.

"Then do it," David barked, conceding nothing. "Get 'em off."

Unable to look down and uncertain how she could manage it with David pulling her hair and keeping her off-balance, Allison hooked her thumbs into either side of the elastic waistband and shoved the cotton panties down off her hips as best she could.

When she couldn't reach any farther due to the upright lift her brother had on her head, she extended the band down as far as possible with her extended fingertips, revealing just the top of the dark brown curly tuft of hair the plain white cotton concealed.

Fortunately, it was just enough to get past the widest part of her broad hips so the stretch on the waistband relaxed and the panties draped her upper thighs. With an uncomfortably seductive wiggle of her hips and a gentle shaking of her legs, Allison eventually loosed the cotton enough to drop the rest of the way down her legs, where she kicked them away with the flick of her right foot.

'Smack!'

David released her hair, but quickly slapped her across the left cheek again. Pleased with his sister's meek acquiescence, it was a modest slap intended to reinforce his superior position, but also leaving no doubt he was in charge.

"Ouuchh...! What was that for?" Allison complained through sniveling tears, her hand rising to her stinging face.

"Because I felt like it. Don't fight me anymore, Allison," David warned. "It's pointless, and you'll only lose in the end anyway."

Allison rubbed her red and swollen cheek and knew he was right. She really didn't want to suffer further, so stood completely naked in her brother's room wondering how she had found herself in such a state, but afraid to do anything to change it.

Allison's body was flushed and glistening perspiration from the physical intimidation she had experienced at the hands of her brother. She was frozen in place, with her prodigious chest rising and falling in time with her halting breaths, and waiting for his next snide comment.

She didn't wait long.

"Nicely done, Allison," her brother commented, surveying his sister's completely nude form. His uncertain grin betrayed his internal doubt this could really be happening.

"Wow, that's a heck of a bush you've got there, Allison. You really don't trim your snatch at all, do you?" David wasn't bashful about staring directly at his sister's thick forest of dark pubic hair, regardless of her embarrassment.

As with fashion or make-up, Allison didn't really care much about the appearance of her bush, letting it grow naturally. It was a fair amount of lush curly hair...enough to completely obscure her mound and labia. The fluffy growth contrasted starkly against her white skin, but wasn't so overwhelming as to be unattractive. To the contrary, on her it looked quite appropriate, complimenting her full body and rosy pink nipples.

Allison felt horrible. Not only did her body hurt from the torment of her brother, but she was in an emotional state of confusion and distress.

To make things more difficult for her mental state, she was tired from her all-nighter and badly needed sleep. It weakened her ability to resist and caused her to accommodate him all too easily. She didn't know what her brother was capable of, or how far this would go, but she did know she was getting worn down as every attempt to resist was thwarted by her devious brother.


'Dear God, she was in her brother's room...she was naked...and she was so scared.'

End Part 01

Family Takedown 02
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

Part 01 of this story is in the Incest/Taboo section. I've moved the story to the Non-consent/Reluctance section because I received a lot of complaints it was in the wrong section. I'm okay with that, but can't change it. If INCEST bothers you, don't read this story. This story is a fantasy. It contains NON-CONSENSUAL INCESTUOUS SEX. You've been warned.

*

For a moment, both David and Allison stood quietly in his bedroom, with Allison solemnly staring at the floor as she bent her head in stunned silence at her situation. In her fear and confusion, she did nothing to cover her bare body from her younger brother's eager eyes.

David gawked in disbelief at Allison's nudity, incredulous he had forced her surrender to this degree with only a modest amount of physical intimidation, and increasingly curious as to just how far he could go in disgracing his older sister.

Unlike Allison, David was still a virgin, and while he had experienced fumbling gropes of girl's breasts in the back seat of cars while in high school, he had never had a girl standing before him completely undressed in all her glory...even if it was his superiority-fixated sister.

What he did know about sex he had learned from the vast variety of porn videos he had watched online since adolescence. He practically studied them.

While he'd never had the opportunity to do any of the things they depicted, he had paid attention, developing a comprehensive knowledge of sexual control and coercion techniques he swore he'd use someday...if he ever got the chance.

Today was that day.

David had to admit, Allison looked better than he'd expected, even having seen her traipse about in only a towel or her one-piece bathing suit. Her alabaster skin was unmarred by sun, freckles or any blemishes, consistent with her lack of outdoor activities.

Allison's wide shoulders slumped in her submission to her brother, but her substantial tits were prominent nonetheless, suspended with a gentle slope. They were clearly dense with gland, and not at all fat, affording them a firmness only naturally large breasts can bear.

The science prodigy's frame was sturdy, with her torso slimming downward to a pleasant waist and just a subtle layer of padding covering her stomach muscles, before flaring out to very womanly hips. In the center of her pelvis lay a tangle of brunette pussy hair, matted by her recently strewn panties, but otherwise dense and unkempt. The thick bush completely obscured her womanhood.

All these quite feminine features rested atop two shapely and slender legs of average length tapering to her ankles. Even with her lack of attentiveness to her appearance it was easy to see Allison was nonetheless attractive, possessing a killer body that would dress up nicely if she ever tried.

David certainly noticed as he appraised his nonresistant sister standing dazed before him. His interest was evident in the way his cock continued to swell, pushing against the cotton fabric of his briefs, as noticed by his befuddled older sister.

'This is too good to pass up. I didn't think she'd cave so easily,' the beaming teenager congratulated himself, but realized the need to keep the pressure on. "I've got to take advantage before she snaps out of it. I've got to keep her down.'

David's growing lust clouded out the fact it was his sister he was ogling with such interest. In truth, on a subconscious level, that it was his sister made it much more enticing...and forbidden.

Allison had always lorded over him, but she was hot, in a geeky sort of way, and he had her just where he wanted -- flummoxed and flustered. He planned to drive forward, grind her down until she yielded completely, humiliated and totally at his will.

'It's payback time for my bitchy big sis,' he decided, and his perverted mind began to think of the most demented and taboo ways to enjoy his retribution.

The momentary lull admiring his sister's body...and how best to use it, quickly passed when David boldly barked out an order to Allison.

"Look at me, Allison! Stand up straight, pull your shoulders back,' he instructed commandingly. "Push out those big tits!"

David's voice was unwavering and commanding, seeking to maintain a tone of superiority, while not allowing her a glimpse of hope. He intended to convey a sense he was completely in charge in every way to force her to bow to his authority.

When she didn't respond immediately, trapped in her despair at her seeming inability to escape her brother's lair, David gave her an alarming wake-up call to send the message.

'SMACK!' David's right hand landed open-palmed along the side of her left breast with a hard slap echoing throughout the room.

"AAAWWWWHHHH!!"

The pain rocketed to Allison's brain like a missile as her big left jug smashed into her right, sending both ample melons bouncing wildly side-to-side from the blow. She instinctively raised her arms to protect her sensitive mounds from any further strikes.

"You're not listening, Allison!" David screamed. "Straighten up, and stick those big white tits out. I wouldn't want to have to slap them again!"

David wasn't kidding around, reasserting his dominance and demanding her obedience. He still stood between her and the door, so Allison knew she wasn't going anywhere.

Quickly snapping to attention, the beleaguered teen genius drew back her shoulders and pushed out her bodacious tits, with the imprint of David's hand marking the outside of her reddened left breast.

Allison focused her attention on her brother as he required, identifying a terrifying look in his eyes that was dangerous; a look that spoke of revenge, and more frighteningly...lust.

"You need to get your shit together, Allison," he warned angrily.

"I'm in charge here. Mom and Dad aren't around and nobody will be home for hours," he advised. "Be a respectful girl, do what you're told and I won't have to correct you."

Allison took her domineering brother's threatening words to heart. She was becoming more certain with each demonstration of his cruelty that he would do just that, and much more, to keep her in line.

"Now, let me check these out, make sure there's no permanent damage," her wide-eyed brother said with false concern. "I'd really hate to ruin an incredible set of tits like these, sis."

With the remark, David brazenly cupped his right hand under Allison's recently abused left breast and lifted, pretending to examine the heavy melon for injury, but instead greedily gauging its size and weight.

"Uhhhhh...!" A withering chill rolled through Allison's nude body at the untoward touching by her brother, causing her to shiver involuntarily with his inappropriate familiarity with her breast. Still, she resisted the impulse to pull back, instead granting David the unnatural privilege of feeling her large mammary.

David took his time, gentling squeezing her giant boob, testing its sponginess and density, then running his palm lightly along the surface to determine the softness of Allison's skin and sensitivity to touch.

The goosebumps appearing across her pale, doughy globe told him she was highly-responsive to stimulation -- a revelation reinforced by his sister's nipple crinkling even though he had yet to touch it.

'Mnnnmm...,' Allison moaned quietly, shrinking with the liberties her little brother was taking with her rarely exposed breast.

No one had ever touched her breasts before except her...and her doctor. The act by own brother was too familiar and far too perverse.

"Eeeeh...," Allison squeaked, her wide rose areola tensing when David lightly took the delicate nub between his fingertips to deliberately tweak and tease to hardness.

Allison's sensitive nipple responded to David's touch regardless of her misgivings about the incestuous nature of her brother's handling of her plentiful breast. The susceptible skin wrinkled until it was a tightly drawn-up bud, with her nerve-endings firing to spread the erotic pulse to her brain.

David's smile was irrepressible. His fascination was obvious as he bounced and cajoled the firm melon.

When he had satisfied himself with the health and welfare of her left mound, he reached for the right to ensure it compared favorably, then playfully toyed and lifted both sizable jugs to indecently bounce simultaneously.

Allison could only suffer in silent indignity.

'This is really unbelievable,' David marveled at his good fortune and his sister's weakness. 'I'm playing with Allison's tits...and she's not doing shit!'

'She's done. I've got her,' David reassured himself, amazed at his victory, and how easily he defeated his bossy big sister. 'She may have a little spark of defiance left, but I've already won.'

'Hell,' he thought, letting his mind roam, 'when properly motivated, she'll do whatever I want!'

David was convinced of the collapse of Allison's resistance, and was already determining his next steps, and of other naughty ways to amuse himself with his newly-docile older sister's comely body.

After another moment of joyfully squeezing her gelatinous breasts, balancing them in his hands and tugging on her steely hard nipples, David was ready to move on to an examination of the rest of his prize catch.

Securely grabbing his sister by each shoulder to turn her forcefully around, Allison's backside was now on full display to his wandering eyes.

"Spectacular!" He declared aloud, causing his complacent sister to uncomfortably squirm where she stood.

It was all David could say when first admiring her full bottom. It wasn't tight or muscular like an athlete's, but it was round, plump, and shapely.

Allison's lovely ass offered just the right amount of fat covering each full cheek, giving it a delightful contour David knew would respond well to the grasp of his hand...or the flat of his palm.

'Oh, my god, that ass is built to be spanked!' David exclaimed inside, knowing he would find myriad ways to justify his overwhelming desire to smack his sister's gloriously meaty flanks at the slightest provocation.

'Allison's as much fun from behind as she is up front,' he decided.

His smart older sister's back was broad due to the width of her shoulders, but narrowed going lower before broadening again at the hips.

Her buttocks were sublime, with a sensuous crease down the middle dividing her two pale globes. Each half-moon pushed out sumptuously, but then dropped in a well-defined manner to the tops of her thighs down to her calves.

Wasting no more time in observation, David modestly but deliberately set his right hand on the magnificent right cheek of Allison's bottom, causing another tremor from his sister at his increasing familiarity with her nude body.

"HUUUHH...," Allison gasped when her brother contacted her flesh, her breathing irregular and hips agonizingly shifting throughout David's intimate exploration of her bottom.

Wisely, she didn't resist, despite her discomfort and desire for him to stop. It was dehumanizing and otherworldly at the same time; her body exploited like a prize show animal as her little brother felt her up in the solitude of his bedroom.

David allowed his hand to stay in place a moment, luxuriating in the feel of her warm supple skin before roaming at will over her backside, lightly grasping and pinching the generous right cheek, and drawing up the hemisphere onto her expansive hip. From there, he simply dropped to the center to trail his fingertips from the top of her sealed ass crack down the outer edge to where it began to curve inward until perilously close to her sex.

'Smack!' Unable to resist, David suddenly planted a light, open-palmed swat with his left hand onto Allison's left butt cheek. It was a hard blow, but it caught his apprehensive sister by surprise, making her scoot forward a step.

"Hey...what was that for?" Her protest came out as a cry, instead of a shout.

The 18-year-old young man hadn't originally intended to spank his sister, but her ripe ass was too good to pass up. It was a gentle reminder of his willingness to enforce her subjugation, and to signal that although she was acceding to his fondling, she shouldn't get too comfortable.

Allison's rapid descent at his forceful demands, along with her extremely enticing body unwrapped before him, left David with a full-on erection. The purplish tip of his cock was barely held within his briefs by the tight elastic waistband. Its presence straining against the fabric was unmistakable.

When David turned Allison around to face him once more, her head stayed bowed in shame and her lips pouted appealingly with trepidation. Her eyes widened at what she saw, unable to escape notice of his full measure tight against his seam.

Her 'little' brother might have been diminutive of stature, but his penis wasn't.

Allison had never really seen one up close, including Larry's, but David's looked plenty big...particularly considering her brother's overall body size.

A suddenly very rational fear of the unpleasant possibilities of what he might do with such a fearsome weapon sprang to mind, and just how far into submission her testosterone-fueled brother would reduce his naked sister.

David didn't notice her nervous gaze. He was focused on the forest of curly brown hair between her legs hiding the treasure of her womanhood from his view.

Allison saw his look and knew in her heart where her brother's next assault on her dignity was headed. He had examined her breasts and surveyed her ass with impunity, leaving only the cherished secrets of her vagina as uncharted by his wandering hand.

It was an insult to her virtue she wasn't sure she could tolerate, causing her to reflexively swallow hard.

Protectively, the ill-treated coed pressed her thighs together, hoping against hope to prevent David access to the mystery of her feminine charms -- so rarely viewed and unaccustomed to exposure.

Contrary to her immediate fears, her brother moved in an unexpected direction, raising instead an unthinkable new threat to her modesty and honor.

"This is just unacceptable," David suddenly announced.

Shaking his head vigorously, the powerful young aggressor tightly entwined several fingers of his right hand into the billowing tuft of dense pussy hair covering his sister's crotch, unceremoniously dragging her like some child's pull toy towards the bathroom.

"YEEEEEKKKK!" Allison yelped in distress. The pain of his tugging on the delicate area was immense, leaving Allison no choice but to follow, or lose a significant clump of her pubic hair from the most sensitive of regions.

David steadfastly walked Allison into the bathroom without stopping, leading the way, with her jello-y tits jiggling vibrantly to her awkward steps needed to accommodate the guiding hand of her brother.

"Slow down...ouucchhh!" Allison complained through her shock at the sudden move. "You're going to pull it out. What are you doing?"

"Get up on the counter...now," her determined brother scowled, releasing his sister's bush and pointing at the countertop. He sounded less angry than aggravated.

Even as she hesitated, uncertain of his purpose, her authoritative brother's tone, along with the sureness of his actions, was enough to make Allison fearfully heed his words.

A sense of peril present, on unbalanced legs she lifted her body up and plop her bare bottom on the cool smooth surface of the granite counter between the dual sinks in the adjoined bathroom.

"Scoot up to the sink, Allison," David ordered in a self-assured way that spoke of his growing comfort with his control and certainty of her obedience. "Get your ass up to the edge, and put your legs around the basin."

Anxiously leaning onto her elbows, Allison tenuously spread a leg on either side of the sink. Her considerable tits sloped appealingly to the sides of her torso, and her erect nipples pointed towards the ceiling.

David ominously plugged the drain and turned the warm water.

Allison's stomach sank as she quickly figured out what was going on when David reached into the cabinet drawer to pull out a pair of scissors, before opening the medicine cabinet to retrieve a razor and shaving cream.

"OH NO! NO...NO YOU DON'T, DAVID!" Allison was adamant in her refusal. "YOU'RE NOT GOING TO DO THAT! I WON'T ALLOW IT."

After his triumphs so far, David knew his sister's attempt at preventing his plan was without the resolve to succeed. A little intimidation, which came immediately, and he was certain her limited resolve would shatter into feeble acquiesence.

'WHAM!' David's fist slammed onto the countertop between her spread thighs. Force was no longer necessary, as the mere threat of it was sufficient to gain his weak sister's compliance.

"AAAAYYYYYAAAH!" His startled sister screeched her fear, and her legs parted further in reaction.

"STAY THAT WAY!" Her sneering brother barked menacingly.

"Honestly, David...please...don't...do it. It's wrong...it's embarrassing!" David's miserable sister complained through her angst, even as she accepted his instructions and kept her legs widely parted.

Tears of shame welled in her eyes and her voice faltered. Her humiliation was written in the way her body flushed and grew taut with the realization of her brother's awful intent.

David wasn't listening.

Picking up the scissors, he grabbed a twisted lock of her bushy cunt hair to snip off near the base to his paralyzed sister's utter horror. Holding the looping strands in his hand for a moment of inspection, he then tossed them into the trash can beneath the vanity.

Allison shifted her hips in response to his trim, trying to avoid further clipping by her unrepentant younger brother.

"I'd hold still if I were you, Allison. These things are pointy," David chided, a disturbing playfulness in his voice, as if this were some game.

With that warning, his humbled college sister decided to heed his words, watching with bated breath as David went to work on her unruly pussy hair; cutting and trimming the bulk in a haphazard manner, unconcerned about its final appearance.

If only a webcam had been in the room. It was quite a picture.

Demoralized nineteen-year-old science prodigy Allison lay stripped naked, propped on her elbows on the counter of the bathroom she shared with her eighteen-year-old brother. Her large, buoyant melons rolled on her chest from her shallow breathing as she minimized her movement to avoid an accidental stick from the pointed scissors.

David, sporting an erection pressing firmly against the restraining cloth of his briefs, clipped and thinned the thick matte of his older sister's pussy fur as she warily offered up her defenseless mound, fully accessible above the bathroom sink for ease of access. Her blue eyes were wild and her expression mortified as she witnessed her impenetrable pubic thatch rapidly disappearing in preparation for the unfathomable act she was sure came next.

Finished with the scissors, a patchy nest of discordant pubic hair surrounding her vagina remained. In some places, it was thick and dark; in others, it was taken to near the surface, with the pale skin of her mound peeking through the irregular covering.

"Ok, now we can get to work," David remarked, satisfied with his effort so far.

"Can't you just leave it with a trim?" Allison begged her brother, hoping he'd leave her some remaining growth on her raggedly-cropped mons, but somehow knowing it was a waste of breath.

"Do you really need to use a razor?" She added helplessly.

The very thought of her brother between her spread thighs, tending to her hairy mound with a razor, was emotionally devastating to Allison.


The unfortunate girl struggled mightily to calm herself, recognizing the very real possibility of him nicking some vital part of her sensitive anatomy with his inexperienced hand. Her fingers dug into her palms with tension as she prepared for the worst.

"Just stay still, Allison," David suggested, "and if I were you, I'd consider spreading your legs farther apart to give me all the room you can. Its tight quarters down here."

David's last sentence petrified his pretty science geek sister -- enough that despite her humiliation, she took his advice to part her legs as far as she could without falling off the countertop.

Allison's pussy was now completely available to her younger brother, her thighs open to maximize her exposure and grant him full access to permit David as much room as possible to ply his shaving talents...or lack thereof, if her fears came true.

David concentrated hard. He truly didn't want to nick his sister. After all, she was full of herself with her 'so-called' superiority and all, but she was still his sister. Besides, he didn't want to damage the 'goods.'

''Unbefuckinglievable!" David exclaimed, unable to completely accept that his big sister's pink snatch was staring him in the face just inches away, cleaved delicately along the seam, and with only her dainty petals clinging together as a last bastion in the defense of her virtue.

Allison was at his disposal and ready for a final clean-up, and the degenerate JC wrestling aspirant took a cup and drew water from the basin to soak the remainder of his sister's short and spikey pussy hair.

Piling a healthy dose of shaving cream in his hand, David liberally spread the lather across her mound, certain to cover the furthermost reaches of her twat, from the perineum into the tender crevices of her vulva.

Allison watched with clenched teeth as her brother picked up the razor to remove the last vestiges of the shaggy growth between her legs. She was doubtful of his ability to avoid cutting her delicate skin, so spread her legs wide to expose the treasure between in all its splendor while her baby brother prepared to shave her pussy bald.

"Unnnh...," the mistreated collegian genius whimpered sardonically, holding her breath, and disappearing into a trance to maintain her sanity.

The edge of the cold razor blade bit into the follicles of the ragged fluff at the top of her pubis. With constant pressure, her brother drew the sharp implement down the delicate surface leaving a clean swath of smooth pale skin in its wake.

After several more passes in equal measure, first with the grain and then against it, Allison's tender mound was soon completely devoid of hair.

"Whuuuh...," Allison exhaled in relief that no blood was drawn.

Her assurance of safety was short-lived however, as that had been the easy part of the operation. Pleased with his progress, David proceeded to the much more intricate phase of the procedure.

"Keep 'em spread, sis," David advised. "Here's where it gets a bit tricky."

David's helpful comment sounded caring in any other context but the present one, but she took it to heart nonetheless, reinforcing her efforts to keep her legs far apart despite the stress it put on her thigh muscles.

"Raise your butt," David ordered.

Rolling up a towel, he thoughtfully placed it under her bottom to assist Allison in presenting her pussy for the task. The result pushed her pelvis to a raised angle to leave it fully exposed and easier to work around.

"Unnmmh...," Allison murmured, holding her breath and biting her bottom lip before closing her eyes in despair.

David began shaving the swatch of hairs surrounding the opening to her precious vagina, scrupulously manipulating the razor over the surface of her vulva to her parted thighs to get each strand.

Allison felt so demeaned. It was all so lewd and intrusive. The intimacy with her brother was unbearable, with his face mere inches from the entrance to her womanhood...open and vulnerable.

Gently using his thumb and forefinger to pull her fleshy labia away from the crease meeting her thigh, David meticulously sought to gain as much room as possible.

Allison's tender pussy lips were flaccid at his first contact, sending a shiver through her loins, but she soon noticed a rush of blood flowing to the protective petals, spurring them to grow meaty and swollen as David proceeded through his task.

'Oh dear,' Allison sighed, with the involuntary reaction by her body as disturbing to the misused girl as the unsettling touching of her most private parts by her little brother.

In what seemed like hours, but was only minutes, David finished with a last few swipes of the blade, setting down the razor to admire his handiwork with a combination of unmerited pride and gleeful satisfaction.

His big sister's cunt was pristine...thoroughly without a hair.

Allison looked down her torso to her bare mound and a tear came to her eye, not so much for the loss of the hair, but rather the loss of her dignity, and the disgraceful manner her downy flock of pussy fur had been removed. She hadn't seen her mound this way since she started puberty as a teen.

'Oh God, I look like a little girl,' she bemoaned. Her shame was overwhelming, particularly with her brother as witness and 'barber.'

*****************************

"Alright, let's check our work, shall we?" David said perfunctorily. "Isn't that what your professors always say?"

David was now driven onward more by lust than anger. His cock was an iron bar in his briefs, goaded by the vision of his nude sister at his command.

"OOHHHHH...!" Allison's sorrow was abruptly shattered when her brother boldly settled his right hand directly onto her newly-shorn mound, encompassing the bare skin entirely, and causing a start to the unfortunate teenager.

David's move so unnerved Allison she couldn't help but deny access to her defenseless cunt, reflexively closing her thighs in defense of her sacred chamber, even though her rational mind knew it was futile.

Undaunted, David wedged his right hand between his resistant sister's clamped thighs, pulling her legs open again.

Allison smartly kept her thighs agape, not eager to risk more abuse by her brother, whose hand returned firmly onto her hairless twat.

With her resistance was thoroughly subdued, David continued where he left off, with his miserable older sister wallowing in disgust as he disconcertingly fondled her vagina under the guise of "checking his work."

Her dominating little brother knew he wouldn't need to correct Allison again.

"Not bad...especially for my first time," David gloated, convinced he had performed a quality job, "...smooth."

'This is so awful,' Allison shuddered in guilt at her weakness. 'First, he strips me, then shaves me. Now, my asshole little brother is feeling up my bald pussy...and I can't do shit about it.'

Prior to this moment, David's contact with his sister's vagina was incidental to accommodate his shaving of her pussy. This was different. Now her brother's touch was intentional...designed to feel her up.

Allison closed her eyes in grief and fear.

The unhappy collegian had eyed with concern the bulge in the front of David's underwear. She couldn't watch as her clearly-aroused brother ran his open palm over the full range of her pussy mound, ostensibly testing for stray hairs or stubble.

Finding none, David dipped his fingers to the twin labia encompassing the gateway to her dark channel to slide along the forbidden path in confirming the precision of his technique. The two digits met at the base of her slit to glide scandalously over the perineum in an unsuccessful attempt to locate any final holdouts.

'Awesome...fucking awesome!' David marveled to himself, beyond belief at his unimpeded sovereignty over his degraded sister's cunt.

Allison winced at the indignity of his scrutiny of her vagina.

Assuming incorrectly her disparagement at the hands of her brother must be near a conclusion, Allison dropped her head to the countertop, allowing her legs to close so she could recover from his debasing onslaught.

Allison was mistaken. David was not yet finished.

'BAM...!' The morally-bereft youth strongly reminded his wallowing sister to stay in position with a frightening bang on the countertop near her head to wake her back to her misery.

"STAY IN POSITION, ALLISON!" David barked his command fiercely, promptly forcing his reclining sister to sit up and spread her knees apart once more.

"I'm guessing that's the first time your cunt has ever been shaved, right?" David remarked tauntingly, quickly returning to his didactic, solemn tone.

Allison didn't answer, but the evidence was plain to see. The surface of her mound was pale, now reddened by the friction of the triple blades.

"Right," he followed portentously. "Well, we need to be sure it doesn't get sore or irritated."

Allison cringed but said nothing in protest as she watched him reach for the medicine cabinet again and retrieve a bottle of baby oil. A new discomfort came over the prone college sophomore.

The sex-deprived coed hadn't wanted to admit it even to herself, but her brother's hand had generated a palpable stir in her vagina. Allison was unaccustomed to anyone touching her in such a personal manner and the effect was unavoidable, despite the unnatural source of the stimulation.

Now, it became apparent she'd be subjected to more of his pawing hands, and she feared deep inside the heightening of her arousal to the point of becoming obvious, even to an inexperienced teen like David.

"Please stop, David," Allison implored her lascivious brother with one final appeal to whatever shred of morality was still present in his dark soul.

"Hasn't this gone far enough?" She continued balefully. "Don't you know it's wrong? Don't you know it's immoral to be touching me...touching your sister, this way?"

Allison's tearful desperation imbued her whimpering voice with the delusional hope her misbehaving brother would come to his senses and realize just how deviant his abuse was becoming.

The words barely phased David in his agitated state. She saw in his distant glare he was totally amoral, unconcerned by the taboo acts he was committing. He was no longer powered by rage...at least permitting some modicum of reasoning.

Instead, a powerful lust and debauchery had taken its place.

The short-haired brunette's rump was still raised by the rolled towel, and her thighs parted to present the forbidden palace between her legs for full display...defenseless against her brother's next unwholesome plot...unguarded and at his dubious mercy.

Allison's breathing grew pallid as her body stilled, and her breasts quivered enticingly on her upward-tilted chest.

David squirted a copious stream of oil into his right hand to warm as it pooled in the cup of his palm, before purposefully tipping his hand to dribble the body-heated fluid onto the rounded surface of her clean-shaven mound.

The temperate oil ran in rivulets in every direction from the apex down the cleft of her vagina, surrounding the opening with the slippery liquid, leaving the overflow to drip onto the towel below.

Allison couldn't deny the warm effluent felt good on her aggravated pubis. The gentleness of David's touch as he placed his fingertips on her skin was a discomfiting surprise after the intimidation she had suffered at his hands.

"Uummmmm..." A breathy sigh of bewilderment at the pleasant touch escaped her lips while watching her younger brother ply his fingers across the top of her naked pussy.

"We need to be sure to get it everywhere...make sure it gets into every nook and cranny so it takes away the burn from the razor, right sis?" David spoke as if they were a team, instead of as an older sister the unwilling victim of her younger brother's demented desires.

"Ohhh...not there...," Allison mewled her discontent when David worked his fingers lower astride her slowly enlivening labia, then slipped to the base of her cunt and over her tender perineum.

Ultimately, the inquisitive young man worked his trailblazing finger back up the seam of her two blossoming petals, parting them slightly as he traveled.

"Aahhh...huuhhh!" Allison gasped involuntarily as her intrepid brother reached the fleshy hood covering her slumbering clitoris, eliciting a further brisk inhale as he triggered a twinge between her legs.

It was a sound emitted less of shock...and more of arousal.

"Isn't that nicer now, Allison? Doesn't that feel good?" David asked his taut sister as he poured another pool of oil into his hand to heat.

Allison was uncertain whether he meant the relief to her sensitized skin, or the awakening sensations within her enlivened vagina.

Regardless, her ever-advancing brother soon drizzled the heated oil once more onto the emotionally confused girl's mound, this time applying his entire hand to rub it in and around her sensitive pussy...from top to bottom.

Parting her swelling cunt lips further as his slick middle finger plowed a course once more up to the retreating sheath over her clit, the sensitive bud twitched to life, prying itself from under its fleshy cover.

"Mmmmm...," Allison's throaty sigh signaled the arrival of his stimulating hand, and her hips squirmed on the rolled-up towel in response. Still, she kept her knees apart, despite an overwhelming need to close them to protect her vanishing decency and respectability.

The stirrings between her legs were conflicting with her desire for this horrible nightmare to end. His last pass up her slit sparked nerve-endings long neglected within the delicate ruffles of her labia, creating an almost sensuous caress of her vagina by his finger.

Worse, the grazing of her now-unprotected clit fired a charge all the way up her torso, causing gooseflesh to rise across her jiggling breasts and sensitive nipples.

Allison was concerned where this would lead if her brother didn't stop soon. She feared losing control, at least what little she had left, if David continued his application of the oil much longer.

The abundance of baby oil deposited on her pussy left it slick, with his touch gliding easily across her skin and into any crease or crevice he desired. The oil's slippery residue increasingly mixed with the emerging flow of her own vaginal juices in response to David's teasing fingers.

"Ohhhh...David, I think you should...um...stop," Allison's breathless voice called, tentative and halting.

David had no intention of stopping.

To the contrary, the provocative effect on his reluctant sister was extremely erotic, and were anyone to look they'd see a spot of pre-cum marking his briefs in response to the torrid acts he was perpetrating on her surrendering body.

David dipped for a third time into the cleft of his sister's exposed vagina. Spreading his fingers in a fork around her widening cunt lips as he moved, he then dragged his middle finger slowly up the breach with deliberate intent, peeling apart her blossoming petals further to feel the warmth of her moist interior.

Delving just a bit deeper into her heated slit, he nevertheless didn't penetrate her pussy. Instead, he drove north until contacting her agitated clit again, where its curious head peeked fully from its hiding place in an urgent quest for the stimulus that had brought it to life.

This time, however, his finger stayed. Lingering briefly, with a swirl around the inquisitive nub, David teased his sister's tantalized fleshy pearl with the promise of more.

"Ummmmmmm...," Allison's hips bucked lightly in response as an perceptible moan escaped her pursed lips.

Now David knew he had his brainy but sex-starved sister on the ropes. Her senses were heightened. She was slowly falling to her need, and leaving her pride behind.

David placed his left hand on his relenting sister's big right tit, pinching softly Allison's hardened nipple to tweak the tight nub and send pulses of erotic electricity to race through her breast. As he did, he kept his middle finger fixed to her excited clit, now eagerly receptive to his attention despite her abundant shame.

"Ohhhh, David, please...please don't!" Allison protested mildly, knowing where he was taking her and holding out hope of not going there. "I...uhh...I can't..."

At least not in front of her brother...not by his hand!

As she spilled out her appeal, Allison's breathing became heavier, while her voice grew low and husky. Despite her pleas for respite, her hips developed an involuntary roll in time with his manipulations of her sex, expressing her body's need for release.

His sister's entreaties to stop only served as a signal for David to ramp up his attack on Allison's fading resistance and attend to her rising desire, bearing down with a torturously constant pressure. He then teasingly brushed the sensitive surface to send bolts of pleasure throughout her pelvis and up her spine.

'UNNH...,' Allison grunted.

The besieged young woman's hips bucked reflexively, her thighs trembled and her large tits jostled about her flushed chest with a clap of erotic thunder racing up her body.

Fearing her ultimate demise, the hapless girl tried one last time to plead with her brother to stop before it was too late...to spare her from a demoralizing display of absolute moral collapse and physical surrender.

"OHHHH, DAVID!" Allison called out with fading resolve. "PLEASE...OHH, PLEASE...DON'T! YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME...AHHH...MAKE ME...ORGASM!"

David wasn't moved.

Slipping his middle finger briefly off his sister's electrified clit, he skimmed the tip over the inflamed lips of her cunt but still refused to dive in. The failure frustrated the young woman further as she illicitly sought his finger's presence, unwillingly desiring the penetration it promised regardless of the perverse nature of the contact.

"Do you want it, Allison?" David asked deviously, redoubling his efforts.

Pinching her diamond hard nipple firmly, and even harshly twisting the steely nub in his enthusiasm, David once more returned to his distressed sister's yearning clit.

Applying a light swirling pressure, before delicately tweaking the highly-aroused nub, he sent more shocks through her body as Allison clenched her ass muscles, seeking to push against her brother's persuasive fingers.

"OHHHH...OHH, NO. PLEASE, NOOOOO...!" Allison begged desperately.

"OHH...OH MY GOD...DON'T!" She pleaded. "YOU SHOULDN'T...UMM...A BROTHER SHOULDN'T... ANHH...DO...HIS SISTER...THIS WAY. PLEASE STOP!"

Allison was out of control with need, and her resolve in tatters. Her flared hips twisted to force her massive tits to flail wildly as her body responded to her brother's torment of her hyper-responsive clitoris.

David only worked harder. He wanted Allison to cum...and cum hard. He wanted to break his big sister, and forcing her to climax disgracefully on her little brother's relentless hand would certainly do so.

"OOHHH...OHHHH...OOHHH...AAWWWNNNHHHH!!!" Allison groaned, her pelvis humping against David's hand.

The quivering coed's back arched radically as her fingers grasped fruitlessly at the solid surface of the granite countertop. The ecstatically ascending girl's toes curled as her feet wiggled erratically around the sink basin.

"PLEASE, DAVID...!" His big sister called, before finally capitulating to her uncompromising brother.

"OHHH...PLEASE...JUST...UMM...FINISH ME...MAKE ME CUM!!!" Allison cried in surrender to her need for sexual release, even in such forbidden circumstances.

Sweat dripped from her brow and dampened her short brown hair, now hanging in strings from her head. Allison's blue eyes rolled up in their sockets and her full lips became a permanent 'O' of nearing ecstasy. She could barely form the words between her guttural gasps for air.

Finally, she broke.

"OOOHHHH, PLEASE...OHH PLEASE!" Allison swooned. "OOHHH, DAVID...MAKING...UUHHNNH...MAKING ME...AHHGGH...CUM!!!"

The orgasm rolled up and down her body in waves from the epicenter between her thighs. Allison's legs, stomach and chest undulated with each powerful pulse.

The overwhelmed teen's eyes closed completely and her head dropped back as all her senses focused on the throbbing nub her brother continued to roll between his fingers, alternately pinching and stroking the excited pearl to drive the crest of his sister's climax to its peak for as long as possible.

"AAAHHHHHH...DAVID...OOOOOHHH...," she exclaimed with unrestrained pleasure. "THERE...UNNNHHUH...RIGHT THERE!"

The orgasm continued like nothing Allison had ever experienced by her own hand.

The muscles in her abdomen and thighs contracted arduously in exquisitely painful knots as she pushed her soaking cunt against her little brother's hand in a desperate attempt to draw every sensation possible as he diligently rubbed her aching clit.

"UUUUNNNNNGGGGHH...OHH...NOT AGAIN...OHH...OHH...AAAAWWWHHHHHHH!!!" Allison screamed.

David's eyes were saucers as his reserved, inexperienced big sister groaned out a second climax.

Allison's incredible body reacted to the strength of the orgasm consuming her body, becoming flushed and damp with sweat, while her face twisted with the confused expression of pleasure so splendid as to seem almost painful.

David delighted in watching Allison's big D-cup tits dancing in every direction as she came, deliberately releasing her hard nipple to allow her gelatinous mound to bound preposterously free.

Mostly, David enjoyed her words, signifying her submission as she moved from resistance to denial to defeat and then surrender. She had begged him to take her over the top, and then again for her little brother to stay the course to bring her to her ecstatic peak against his unwavering hand.

"UUNNNHHH, YESSS!" Allison screamed unabashedly. "OHHH, MY GAWWWD...CUMMMINNGGG... AGAIN, DAVID! OOHHH, SOOOOO GOOOD...SOOO, AWWWNNHHHHH...!"

Eventually, David's strumming of her clitoris eased as she stepped slowly down from the dizzying heights of her third orgasm.

"Mmm...hummm...," Allison's deep groans diminished to soft moans, and eventually mewling whimpers as her body relaxed, dropping her head and torso to the cool surface of the countertop.

Her brother's touch lingered but lightened, with the swirling action of his fingers slowing before stopping altogether.

Allison was exhausted.

The overpowering orgasm left her body swamped with perspiration and her breathing deep as she gathered herself. The exhilaration of her climax drained her of all strength, with the stress in her thighs and arms leaving her limp.

Allison lay still...a sexually-exhausted ragdoll on the bathroom counter.

End Part 02

Family Takedown 03
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story and all characters are fictitious. All characters are 18-years-old or older. It is a fantasy. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. All rights reserved.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. You've been warned.

Allison may have found her release under the surprisingly talented manipulations of her deviant little brother, but David wasn't satisfied.

His vanquished sister's performance left him in a state of arousal needing relief. He'd given his newly-shaven sister a body-rocking, explosive orgasm, and it was time for her to return the favor.

David intended to take advantage of his beleaguered college sister's debilitated condition, intuitively knowing his next demand would push Allison to a new level of degradation and moral repugnance.

It would also likely spark renewed resistance, and he wanted her as physically and emotionally weak as possible to minimize any intransigence.

"No rest for the weary, Allison," he advised. "There's more to do."

Allison's post-orgasm reverie was broken by her animated young brother's grip on her right forearm as he pulled her up, grabbing her by the left hip to lower her from the countertop.

A sick feeling overcame his aggrieved sister's soul as the reality of what just happened settled in, but David left no time for introspection and remorse about the perversion she had just endured.

"Get down. We're not done for today. Not yet." David's reference to 'today' was disconcerting, but under the circumstance, his depleted sister put it aside to focus on the issue at hand.

Allison's jelly-like legs couldn't support her weight in her enervated condition as her feet hit the tiled bathroom floor, and David's powerful hands on each shoulder easily forced her feeble knees to buckle.

She quickly found herself in a suggestive kneeling position on the linoleum before her reprobate brother, with her face arriving at crotch level. Nervous and distressed, the effect of her profoundly indecent performance was clear as she eyed warily the impression of his exuberant erection against his briefs.

"DON'T JUST STARE AT IT, ALLISON," David barked, returning to his gruff, commanding voice, and hoping his sister was still dazed and intimidated enough to simply follow his instructions.

"TAKE IT OUT!"

The scurrilous young man soon learned slightly more motivation was needed to achieve his evil goal, as Allison's sapphire blue eyes perked up with the demented gravity of the order, and her recognition of the depraved act he had in mind.

"N...NOOOOO...," Allison protested.

Just as he anticipated, the disturbing nature of his intent was enough for Allison to gain renewed resolve to not permit his plan, shaking her head strenuously, while her eyes shot darts of disdain into David's expectant glare.

"DAMN IT, ALLISON!" Her querulous brother yelled. "I DID YOU...NOW YOU'RE GONNA DO ME!"

David was pissed. In his fierce state of lust, he was in no mood for recalcitrance by his crouching sister, and decided it was time to coerce her compliance.

Grabbing a clump of her curly brown hair, he viciously pulled her head to focus her terrified eyes on his sturdy cock. The forceful move scared the vitriol from her appalled gaze...replaced by the fear of his perverse intention.

"THIS IS YOUR FAULT, ALLISON," David explained. "YOU MADE IT HARD, NOW YOU'RE GONNA TAKE CARE OF IT!"

After a brief pause of inaction by his petrified sister, David was running out of patience.

"I'M NOT GOING TO TELL YOU AGAIN, ALLISON," he bellowed, his need to cum driving his lurid demands of his sister. "TAKE IT OUT!"

Tears wet the reddened eyes of his frightened big sister as she cast a pleading look to David's scowling face, silently begging him not to proceed.

"N...nooo...," she stammered in fright.

Allison's head shook with her refusal, but David knew from experience it wouldn't last, even with her knowledge of the obscenely taboo act he expected. He understood his unrelenting threats, and Allison's dispirited psyche, would result in her inevitable resignation to her plight.

Meekly returning her attention to the disquieting sight of her nefarious brother's strong erection, the bullied physics major hesitantly lifted her hands to the elastic waistband of his briefs to reluctantly tug on the white cotton fabric.

When the bulbous purple head of her brother's hard cock appeared, she drew a quick breath, then tenuously continued downward as the swollen length of the veined shaft showed itself. With one more tug, she warily released David's hairy scrotum as his entire manhood sprang into view.

"Ohhhhh, I can't...," a hushed gasp escaped her open lips.

Allison had never truly seen a man's 'package' so closely, despite losing her virginity to Larry 'whatever-his-last-name' at science camp the summer after her high school graduation. In that fumbling event it had been dark, and she had barely touched the young man's penis before he introduced it to her vagina and took her maidenhead.

'Ulp...,' Allison gulped in fear at the possibilities coursing David's debauched mind with her little brother's rigid cock rearing only inches from her face.

The frightened coed dutifully lowered his shorts past his knees to where they fell on their own to the ground. David's straining pole pointed straight out from his pelvis, throbbing visibly in response to the blood pulsing in anticipation of Allison satisfying his all-consuming lust.

David watched with keen interest every move and expression his shallow-breathing sister made while kneeling completely naked in submission before him.

Allison's sizable tits barely stirred, and her bare cunt remained shiny with the slick combination of baby oil and her own viscous pussy juices from her unseemly sexual performance at the hands of her brother.

"Yes, Allison, you can...," David urged, his need so overwhelming he could think of nothing other than Allison providing the release he wanted so desperately. So far, he had done all the deviant touching of her helpless body.

Now, his cowering sister was expected to perform the same scandalous acts.

Hoping to keep her maniacal brother from verbally haranguing her again, and thinking she might forestall what she feared was his true intent, Allison raised her slim right hand to timidly touch the tender skin of his bobbing shaft.

"Ahhhhh, there you go, Allison...," David murmured in reaction to the unbelievably erotic sight of his sister's hand on his cock as Allison tentatively watched the fleshy pole jerk in response.

Initially backing off with uncertainty, Allison soon cautiously advanced, lightly pressing the pads of all five digits onto the inflamed skin to take the solid stalk between her fingers. She was very deliberate in her grip...afraid to squeeze too hard and incite his ire.

"Mmmmm...," David sighed, happy to stare in awe, while fixated on his sister's growing acceptance of her plight.

Having never contemplated doing such a thing, Allison's analytical mind paused to consider what to do next.

For the moment, David was satisfied simply allowing his sister to handle his stiff meat, content to let her do as she pleased. Her touch felt good, so he provided no guidance...at least for now.

Allison did know enough about male anatomy to know his cockhead was the most sensitive part, so decided to focus on it while trying to divorce her mind from the fact this was her little brother's rigid cock she was holding.

"Unhh," she whimpered while slowly gliding her fingertips along his twitching pole until she reached the top, where she grazed her slender fingers along the rim of his tender crown.

Gingerly encompassing the engorged knob as she captured it, she then faintly skimmed her fingers across its delicate surface.

"Ohhh...," David sighed and his sturdy tool jerked in response to the delectable vision of his older sister teasing his rampant cock. Her uncertain face was inches away, while Allison held onto the tensing pole.

"Cup...my balls...Allison," David ordered, breaking from his rapture long enough to resume his directions. The excitement of the untoward request made his speech falter as he struggled to take in a full breath.

"Use your palm to hold them...uh...," he gasped, "...to feel how full they are?"

Not knowing what else to do, and hoping to placate her bullying brother, a disinclined Allison squeamishly placed the soft palm of her right hand beneath the fleshy sack and grudgingly lifted his heavy balls with her hand.

"Ohhhhh...," David caught his breath as his mind reeled from the fantasy occurring before him. He could have cum just from the feel of his sister's warm skin against his delicate scrotum.

"See how big they are? How heavy? You did that," he praised her inappropriately. "They're so full...they hurt. You have to take care of it."

Certain she was in a nightmare with no way to wake up, Allison balanced her brother's balls in her hand for a moment longer before moving back to his bobbing pole, grasping the warm meat delicately with her full hand in preparation to stroke him to an orgasm.

Allison had never given a hand job before, but figure it was her best hope to avoid something worse.

'How difficult can it be?' She questioned naively, thinking a hand job would alleviate the stress of his desire and return him from his madness.

'It can't possibly take very long,' she thought, assuming quick result due to her lust-addled brother's age and the sheer excitement of seeing his sister jerking him off.

"No, not that way," David scowled, immediately squashing her plan, and calmly instructing his sister in no uncertain terms what he wanted.

"What?" Allison looked at David with concern, hoping against hope her true fear would be realized.

"There's a better way," he advised. "In fact, for you, it's the only way."

Allison was inexperienced, but not an idiot. She knew what a blowjob was, and looked at her brother wide-eyed with trepidation, certain of what was next but dreading the words. She knelt sickened by the mere thought of what she knew he was going to require.

"Allison, use your mouth," her despicable brother demanded.

Thunderstruck by the order, a wave of revulsion overcame Allison. Despite her expectation of his revolting demand, David's big sister was appalled by his directive nonetheless, reigniting the fire of her rebellion against the disturbing events of the morning.

"NO WAY, DAVID! NO FUCKING WAY!" Allison screamed and bolted upward. "I WON'T DO IT...I WON'T SUCK...IT, YOU LITTLE PERVERT!!"

Scrambling to her feet, Allison hurled her defiant rejection with a vehemence only such a wicked request could engender. Drops of spittle issued from her mouth, with her eyes alight from her immeasurable disgust and rage, and her short hair flying wildly as she violently shook her head from side to side.

The teenage genius intended to put an end to her degenerate brother's delusions once and for all...to get the hell out of there and retreat to the protection of her bedroom to recover from the nasty deeds of the morning.

As with every other attempt to break his spell, this one met with the same ineffectual fate as her stronger, faster little brother slammed her down by the shoulders before she even had a chance to stand fully upright.

'CRACK!' Allison's kneecaps crashed into the hard-ceramic tile floor violently, rocketing jets of pain up her quaking thighs and hips, while a numbness overtook her feet and toes.

Not yet satisfied he had re-established his position, and with her legs wobbly from the banging of her knees, Allison's sex-crazed 18-year-old brother mildly clapped both hands on her head to box her ears.

'Wap!'

David didn't do it very hard, just enough so the trapped pressure rattled her brain to make her nauseous and dizzy. Allison struggled to maintain her wits and composure from the dual assault of her deranged brother.

"You'll be a good girl?" David wanted his terror-stricken sister not only defeated...he wanted her tamed as well.

"UNNHUH...YES," Allison groaned.

"Say it!" David demanded as her spirit broke. He wanted to humble his superior big sister...to bring her to heel.

"I'LL...OOWWW...I'LL BE A...GOOD GIRL," Allison conceded.

"So, you'll do it, right?" David asked, almost having Allison where he wanted, but needing one more concession -- one more symbol of his conquest and her appeasement.

"YES...I'LL DO IT," Allison yelped, recoiling at her acceptance of the shameful demands David was enforcing. The painful ringing in her ears told her to give in...that submission was better than his ongoing cruelty.

"Say it," he demanded.

"I'll...use my mouth," Allison muttered the debasing words weakly while closing her tear-stained eyes.

"I'll suck your cock," David insisted. "Say it!"

"I'll...suck your cock," she conceded...her final capitulation complete as she squirmed helplessly.

"There, now that we've got that established," David said. "I'd say you best get to work."

Her dominant brother stared on dispassionately as Allison uncontrollably leaned forward to the floor for a moment to recover and catch her breath before undertaking the unwanted deed.

"Get with it, sis," David directed impatiently, only allowing a brief respite before summoning his bereft sister.

When she rose, Allison found herself staring once more at the rigid hardness of her little brother's strident cock. The effort needed to subdue her had only strengthened the perverse lust surging through his brain.

The veins on the angry shaft were pronounced, and the skin flushed pink with blood, while the inflamed reddish-purple knob cast an ominous presence appearing nearly as dominant as her powerful brother standing over her quivering frame.

The rush of omnipotence from David's mastery of his sister fed his erection, but it was the undeniable thrill of what it meant for his future relationship with his conquered sibling that brought the most pleasure.

'Allison's going to suck my cock,' the young wrestler smirked as the vile thought filled his corrupt mind.

Just as David had never had his cock sucked...his older sister had never sucked one.

Unlike David, who had watched it done countless times in feeding his addiction to porn videos, Allison didn't have the slightest clue how to begin, having only talked about it at a girlfriend's slumber party in high school. It didn't sound particularly pleasant to the academics-focused scholar, so she didn't spend much time contemplating it.

Now, it was literally staring her in the face.

"David, you know this is wrong," Allison hopelessly reiterated the obvious immorality of the act.

"It's perverse. I'm your sister...its incest," she emphasized, woefully looking at her brother one more time.

The poor young woman aimlessly tried to forestall her fate as long as possible from the unappealing task, complaining through tear-stained eyes without the conviction of probable success.

David stared at her expectantly...a stone wall to her feeble words.

Seeing no other choice, Allison once again took her deranged brother's raging stalk between her fingers, less to lift it into place, and more to keep the excited member from dancing about unsteadily.

Not knowing what else to do, she tentatively leaned in and, closing her eyes, allowed her pursed lips to kiss the head on the side of the crown with the most minimal contact, before immediately pulling back as if shocked.

'Dear lord, my lips just touched David's cock,' Allison recoiled, feeling genuine remorse even though she had yet to truly begin the shameful act.

When she opened her eyes, the grin on David's face filled her with sorrow.

"Hmmm...," her brother let out a satisfied murmur.

'I guess that's a good start,' his novice sister correctly assumed from David's reaction.

Pursing her full lips once more, Allison returned to his distended pole, this time to the left side of the shaft. Keeping her eyes open, she slid her sealed lips along the length of her brother's cock, holding it to prevent its escape, until she felt the wiry brush of his pubic hair graze the side of her cheek.

'Uggh...,' her stomach dropped and she unhappily winced at the mere thought of what she was doing.

"Ahhhhh...that's it...that's good," David encouraged his neophyte sister, knowing this was new to her too, and enjoying her distress over giving her first ever blowjob to her little brother.

"Keep going," he nodded, not wanting her to think she had achieved too remarkable a feat.

'Hmmum...,' Allison sniffled, doing all she could to not break down crying.

Her world had become a bad dream. It was only her desire to get through the morning without any further abuse allowing her to continue. Returning her lips to the top of the shaft in the same way she had gone down, the unfortunate girl slid her lips along her brother's warm cock, now pulsing with the flow of engorging blood.

David didn't want to be too helpful. He loved watching his hesitant sister learn her way along his tense shaft. He was determined to let Allison figure out her own way, as he knew she would.

His goal was confirmed when Allison parted her red lips to slip her wet tongue along the delicate surface of his vibrant cock, repeating her trip down the span once again to the base and his scratchy pubic hair.

"Uhhh...yes...," David let out a quiet sigh.

Learning as she went, and acknowledging her brother's obvious enjoyment of her efforts, Allison employed the same technique to travel the distance back to the tip, with her soft moist tongue leaving a trail of saliva along the tender skin.

"Yes...ohhh...like that," her brother cooed his contentment.

As that worked so well to deliver a positive response from David, Allison repeated the movement once, twice, then a third time, letting a little more of his girth between her lips with each pass, and more indecent contact with her exploring tongue.

As a smart girl, Allison quickly figured out that moving along steadily and varying her technique was the best route to fulfilling her brother's sinister demands.

Unfortunately, the apprehensive coed soon found doing so left her at the tip of his cockhead once again...with nowhere else to go but down. The hapless college girl had broken the seal of an illicit relationship with her sex-crazed brother.

Now, it was time to go all the way.

Allison knew what came next. She needed to take David's stalwart cock into her mouth, and knew she would...despite her misgivings. The nerdy coed didn't want to suck off her brother, but the decision was now 'academic' -- the ultimate irony for the brainy girl.

Analyzing the task as she would an equation, Allison paused to adjust herself mentally for her next horrid task, evaluating the ardent surface of the purple head as his cock slit expressed the slightest drip of clear pre-cum.

Repulsed by the prospect of tasting the viscid fluid, she nonetheless kept her eyes open, cringing while extending her tongue to meet the bloated knob of his spongy crown, with the salty liquid signaling her unpleasant contact.

"Ughh...no...," she whispered almost inaudibly.

Unenthusiastically, David's beleaguered sister flit the tip of her tongue lightly over the supple surface of his expansive cockhead...testing its texture. Satisfied the contact wouldn't make her wretch, she flattened her tongue to cover his soft bulbous knob to coat the fat crown with wetness.

"Ummmm...yeah...sis," her pleased brother emitted an appreciative sigh as his naked sister swiped her moist tongue over his sensitive tip.

David was in a happy place, and even though he could get lost in the sensations of the awkward blowjob he was receiving from his unskilled sister, he wanted to watch as she learned her way around his hard cock.


Allison was inexperienced, but she knew enough to understand that merely licking her brother's eager tool wasn't going to satisfy his hunger. She understood she'd have to take his distasteful meat into her mouth to achieve the goal of his release...and her disgrace.

Pulling back to contemplate one last time how to approach the assignment in the way her analytical mind could accept, the moment she had delayed unavoidably arrived.

Enclosing her left hand around the base of David's waiting pole, and steadying herself as much as possible to her dancing target, Allison formed her lips into a trembling 'O' to encircle the entire knob of her brother's cock with her open mouth.

'HUUUHHHHH...,' David drew a deep breath as he watched his cockhead disappear between the lush, forbidden lips of his older sister. He couldn't have asked for a better fantasy come true. But Allison didn't stop there.

Steeling her nerves, and not wanting to pause for fear of faltering, Allison moved forward while she still had the nerve. Stretching her lips past the flared rim of David's crown, the lovely but uncertain teenage prodigy drew down the shaft, enveloping each oncoming inch of his throbbing meat between her luscious lips.

To David's utter surprise, his uptight big sister took nearly half of his 8" shaft into her wet mouth before backing off to prevent herself from gagging.

"OHHHH...SHIT, ALLISON!" David marveled while gazing at his big-titted older sister with half his cock straining her exquisite, enveloping lips. "I'M IMPRESSED."

David was in heaven. His knees buckled for just a moment under the stress of the miraculous sight below him, but his fixed gaze stayed on his pretty, geeky sister as she engulfed a good portion of his cock, her cheeks bloated to accommodate its girth, and uncertain if she could take any more of his impressive manhood.

'Huh...,' Allison pulled off completely to catch her breath and regroup after reaching as far as she could comfortably handle.

Wisely, and not wanting to lose her nerve, she didn't pause long before seizing her brother's rampant pole once more between her pliant lips. Ably taking in the broad head again, she immediately worked down the wide shaft once more to surpass her previous depth and accept two more inches of his turgid cock between her lips.

'Mmmph...umph...,' her throat flinched just a little as his generous width filled her mouth. Allison would never admit it, but she felt the smallest glimmer of pride, despite herself and the horrible nature of her incestuous act.

Pressing her tongue along the underside of his shaft, the college sophomore instinctively backed off the tensing meat slowly to gather herself for her final push, curious to feel the entirety of her little brother's big shaft in her mouth on her next attempt.

In her newly twisted logic, Allison always succeeded in any given task...and she would succeed here as well.

'Hunhhh...huhhh...,' David's breathing deepened each time his voluptuous older sister took more and more of his achingly hard cock into her warm mouth, but with Allison's next attempt to consume the full length of his extensive pole to the base, his breath caught and he found himself nearly incapable of drawing air at all.

Allison strained as she lowered herself further, feeling her gag reflex triggering and trying diligently to stifle it. With each inch, she sensed she was closer to success.

'Gguck...uck...,' a gurgling sound escaped her lips sealed tightly around his thick pole.

For the moment, the modest teenage girl couldn't concern herself with how she must have appeared, on her knees stark naked in her bathroom striving to suck down the fullness of her younger brother's impressive cock.

Instead, Allison focused on seeing David's reaction, with her piercing blue eyes staring through black glass frames on his as he gazed back in astonishment, watching his powerful tool disappear into his sister's remarkably accommodating mouth.

The daring young coed continued, deliberately taking each inch of his unruly meat into her velvety soft mouth, until she finally felt the spongy cockhead press against the entrance to her throat.

'MMUCK...GGUGH...,' the sounds grew more pronounced with her efforts.

Then, the flared knob miraculously pushed through the inadequate barrier and the scratchy brush of his light brown pubic hair grazed her sweat-glossed upper lip signifying her accomplishment.

'GGGCK...MMMUCCK...GGUG...,' Allison gagged more vocally as his sturdy crown plowed into her throat to lodge momentarily.

Adjusting to permit its presence without choking too much, Allison glared upward as only a dribble of spit escaped her distended lips forming a seal against the base of his solid pole.

David was impressed.

He knew Allison had never taken a cock in her mouth before and was learning as she went, but her 'victory' of sorts was clear evidence she was a quick study. She was apparently a natural at 'throating' a cock.

David had no idea, and neither did Allison, but some women are simply more comfortable with taking a man's prick into their throat, while other's panic. Not knowing any better as an oral virgin, Allison simply did what she thought most other women did.

Witnessing his college-aged sister on her knees with her big naked tits jiggling, her blue eyes focused only on him, and his thick cock buried to the hilt in her mouth was nearly enough to make him lose his load right there.

'I'm glad I jerked off in the shower that morning,' he gratefully told himself in his enraptured state.

The ego-driven young man wanted to last a while watching his forlorn sister gratify his insistent cock if possible, before emptying his pent-up balls into her mouth...which he would surely do given her excellent attention to his throbbing hard meat.

"UUHHH...OOHHHH...ALLISON," he moaned with sincere but indecent admiration, "YOUR MOUTH IS... UHH...FUCKING AWESOME!"

Allison expected to choke when the cushiony head of David's cock breached the back of her throat, but she didn't, allowing her to stay in place at the base for a moment longer while holding her breath instinctively.

Still, aware of her mission, and not wanting to incite her brother's rage, she leisurely pulled back the full length, dragging her tongue languidly along the underside of his pulsing shaft to retreat until just the tumescent knob remained within her slobbery lips.

'HHHUAHH...' she gasped for air once her throat was cleared of his swollen meat.

Swirling her inquisitive tongue around the ticklish crown and teasing the agitated surface, Allison decided to do her best to accelerate her brother's orgasm with the hope of finishing this debasing performance quickly.

After a few clearly effective passes, David's dishonored college sister powered down to the bottom of David's fierce shaft again, encompassing the entire length as her tongue actively skimmed along the underside, stimulating the responsive tool on the way as it punched through to her throat once more.

This time, Allison didn't linger, but instead pulled back and then down again, and again, developing a rhythmic bobbing as her suctioning mouth worked over her brother's increasingly provoked cock to drive him closer and closer to the edge of his own climax.

"HMMM...HMMM...HMMM...," the continuous sighs slipped from David's open mouth, along with his perverse encouragement.

"OHHH, ALLIE...THAT'S IT...AHHH...SUCK YOUR BROTHER'S COCK...UNH...SUCK ME OFF!"

His attention to watching Allison's lips repeatedly encircle his overwhelmed cock faded to the background, with the sensation of her soft mouth surrounding his hyper-sensitive tool becoming the focal point of his world.

Allison drove on, in and out, taking down his roaring pole only to release it once again, applying suction with her mouth, cheeks hollowed, as she labored tirelessly to bring her brother to orgasm.

'To suck him off,' she understood.

The horrible act was just as David had implored, and as she knew the meaning of the sordid vernacular phrase commonly used by the crude masses.

"UNGGHHH...YESSS...OHHH, SHIT YESSSSS, ALLISON...," David's cries droned, and Allison knew he had to be getting close to the finish line judging from the shaking of his legs, his groans, and his arduous breathing.

Targeting her efforts towards this one goal, and not really thinking about what to do when successful, Allison drove on, relentlessly sucking her dominating younger brother's rock-hard cock as best she could.

Allison's success literally came sooner than she expected, as David gave up all pretense of withstanding the pleasure of his sister's natural oral talents and surrendered himself to the inevitability of his climax.

"UUNNHH...UUNNGGHH...UUGGGH...," his breathing was so ragged as to be wheezing, and David's unfocused eyes slammed closed, but his mouth locked permanently agape as his groans turned to grunts.

David was at the end of his tether as his sister methodically rode his painfully inflamed cock with her agonized face...her Poindexter-like glasses still in place but her mouth studiously swallowing her brother's inflamed pole to the back of her throat time and again with a steady bob.

"OOOHH, ALLIE...OHHH FUCKING SHIT...," David called his laboring sister. "SUCK IT...AHHH...SUCK MY BALLS DRY!"

David was ready to blow, but had the wherewithal to recognize the signals as his balls tightened in their fleshy sack and his meat pulsed uncontrollably under the unrelenting sucking of his intuitively-gifted sister.

Grasping a clump of her curly brown hair from the back just as she bottomed out on his cock for the umpteenth time, the urgent young wrestler held Allison's head in place with the ferocity he dreamed he displayed on the mat.

"AAHHGGGHHHHH!" David roared his ecstasy, and his entire body trembled as the earthquake of his climax hit full force and the seismic waves rolled throughout his contorting body.

'MMMUMM...MUPHH...!' Allison squealed around his erupting shaft as a thick jet of warm cum rocketed from the tip of his spastic cockhead.

"OHHHHH...FUCKING YESSSSS...!!!" David bellowed his satisfaction, heedless of the volume of his cry.

So engrossed in the task she was performing, and not even noticing the hand on the back of her head until it was too late, David's cockhead was braced nearly against her throat when the first rope of his slimy jism raced from the slit to splatter against the back of his unprepared sister's mouth.

'GGUGLPH...GGCKK...,' Allison's choked, and her bright blue eyes bulged as she panicked for breath when a second, and then a third, glob of David's creamy spunk shot from his buried and immovable cockhead.

Sheer survival mode kicked in and she opened her throat to accept her little brother's foul cum. With nowhere else to go, the thick jism poured down Allison's throat unimpeded, flowing in a seemingly endless stream to her waiting stomach.

'Mmmph...mulp...mmngh...,' Allison gulped down her brother's unceasing spunk, desperately fighting the urge to vomit the incestuous contents of David's limitless balls.

After what seemed like minutes, but was less than one, the volume of her brother's ejaculate dissipated, and then stopped altogether, but not before tears formed in his sister's eyes as she fought to breathe while consuming the nasty deposit David fed her gulping mouth.

'Uhuf...ackk...,' Allison coughed when her sated brother finally retrieved his flagging cock from between her glazed lips, dragging a string of sticky jism with it.

Small rivulets of his voluminous cum puddled in her cheeks soon followed, languidly running from the sides of her mouth down her chin.

Allison felt ill from the taste the slimy residue of his cum left in her mouth, and in knowing she had a belly-full of his spunk to digest, but was too emotionally devastated to wipe away the translucent fluid gracing her lips and chin.

She was even too dazed and stunned to talk, or she would have lit into her little brother for nearly choking her to death by bracing his cock to her throat as he came.

Not that David cared. He felt incredible. He couldn't believe his 'superior' big sister had just given him head -- that he had just cum in her constantly criticizing mouth, and she had swallowed it all, forcefully or otherwise.

"Unbelievable," David gloated his approval of her blowjob. "I knew there was a better use for that big mouth."

To add insult to injury, as he still had a grip of Allison's short locks, he purposefully wiped the slick mix of cum and saliva coating his softening tool onto either side of her flushed cheeks, leaving a glistening reminder of her repugnant and disgraceful act for her to clean later.

As David finally released her hair, Allison's head dropped to her hands in despair.

She was crushed, pouring out her shame in a river of tears and sobbing wails at the overwhelming reality she had just given her first blowjob...and it was to her shithead little brother.

She had just sucked off David. She had committed incest. That she hadn't done so willfully didn't seem to matter.

David wasn't in the mood to watch his sister wallow in her misery. He was on top of the world and he didn't want to let her moral recriminations ruin it.

"Wow, Allison. That was awesome," David crowed his excitement as a badge of honor, falsely complimenting his sister for her cocksucking prowess. "I can't believe you took it all! You're a natural at sucking cock."

The words struck his sister as hard as any of his open-palmed slaps. His praise just felt mean to his remorseful sister. She didn't feel good about anything she had just done.

"You'd better clean that spunk off your face, sis," her cruel brother suggested, then remarked with a chuckle, "although I hear it's good for the complexion."

Allison simply stayed on her knees, her face a glistening mess and her eyes watery with her tears.

The misused young girl's shoulder's slumped in disgrace, causing her exceptional tits to sink in her chest.

Allison's shame was so great she barely even remembered her distress at her unwilling nudity, or that her horrible brother had embarrassingly shaved her pussy clean of her thick, natural bush...before the awful reality of David bringing her to a powerful, but humiliating orgasm on the bathroom counter.

"I hope you enjoyed that, Allison, because I sure did." David was feeling his oats, and decided it was time to set the record straight while his sister was in such a debilitated and weak state.

"This isn't a one off, sis," he forewarned.

Allison broke from her pitiful sorrow long enough to look up at her harrowing brother and weakly shake her head 'no' -- less as a refusal than as an imploring plea for mercy and a reprieve she knew wasn't coming.

"Look, this is the way it is now...unless you want to feel the back of my hand again," he warned, his threat very real. "Your bitchy mouth is mine, your bitchin' body is mine, and I expect your little pussy to be shaved bald from now on."

"Don't think I won't be checking," he added perilously as left the bathroom.

Naked and subdued, Allison remained on her knees, whimpering, confused, and subjugated as she wiped David's drying cum from her chin, causing her large breasts to heave enticingly with her tears.

End Part 03

Family Takedown 04
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. You've been warned.

*****

David popped the latch easily on the bathroom door and entered to find Allison draped in a towel and blow drying her short brown hair.

"Well?" He asked demandingly.

"Well, what?" Allison barked at her intrusive little brother. "How'd you get in here? Get the fuck out!"

Allison clearly hadn't taken her brother's words from the previous day to heed.

"Are you kidding? Picking that lock is easy. I figured that out years ago," he snickered, then his voice grew angry.

"DON'T EVER LOCK IT AGAIN. YOU HEAR ME, ALLISON?" The powerful young man was clearly pissed off. "THIS BATHROOM IS MINE...WHETHER YOU'RE IN HERE OR NOT!"

It was Saturday morning, and a sudden terror filled Allison as she quickly realized she had made a horrific error - that her imperious brother intended to make every word of what he'd threatened come true.

When she'd finally gathered her wits yesterday to raise her abused body, Allison had gone about her day trying to forget the disturbing events of the morning.

Finding her way to the safe and comfortable surroundings of the library, she escaped the terrible memories of the degrading sexual humiliation she had experienced at the hands of her younger brother.

By nightfall, she had achieved a state of denial strong enough she managed to pretend it hadn't happened at all, and that everything was as normal as before her depraved submission to David. Her brother had gone off the rails yesterday, but Allison had refused to accept it.

Now, she realized that was a big mistake. Yesterday did happen. The young coed would learn her brother meant every word, and that David was quite serious about continuing his mastery over his voluptuous sister.

David didn't even bother to ask Allison to remove the towel she had wrapped around her wet body, instead summarily ripping away the plush cloth.

"WHA...?" His suddenly naked big sister screamed in shock.

"Yeah, that's what I figured. You didn't shave it, did you?" Her angry brother stared directly at her bare pussy, with the denuded surface now showing a day's growth in the form of dark stubbly follicles.

"I told you shave your cunt every day from now on, and you didn't," he complained unhappily.

Despite his dissatisfaction with her failure, David had a gleeful look in his wild eyes. It was a look revealing he was secretly pleased at her recalcitrance.

Allison's failure gave him an excuse to undertake his next round of cruel, denigrating treatment in breaking his older sister, and compelling her unquestioning acceptance of her sexual servitude to her lewd younger brother.

"I guess it's time for another lesson," David shook his head with feigned disgust.

"GET THE FUCK IN HERE, ALLISON!" He yelled, not bashful about yanking his big sister out of the bathroom by her hair to send her big tits bounding in every direction as her nude body staggered behind in captive obedience.

"Damn it, David," Allison squealed.

The unfortunate 19-year-old science genius flailed her arms uselessly and to no avail, only able to connect with one or two harmless blows of her brother's extended arm.

"Not today...not again!" She cried aloud in fear and distress.

It wasn't by happenstance David had decided to perform a 'pop' inspection of his sister. With Allison just now out of the shower, it made stripping her nude to discover her violation of his grooming proclamation easy.

In addition, Brit had already left for her soccer game, their mom was out the door for a tennis match, and their dad was off consulting for NASA in Houston.

David and Allison were quite conveniently alone in the house. She could make all the noise she wanted, at least until her screeches got on his nerves and it became necessary to occupy her mouth elsewise.

In truth, he wanted her mouth unencumbered and available to spew her angst...at least for the moment. It made his plan for his besieged sister that much more enjoyable when she bitched and moaned helplessly.

David had formulated this morning's events yesterday after the unexpected success he experienced in cowing, stripping, shaving, and finally coercing a blowjob from his subservient older sister. It was truly the most fun he'd ever had in his young life.

He loved his newfound power over Allison, and was quickly developing an appetite for more. The fact she had a body that wouldn't quit and an apparently natural talent for giving head only added to the adrenaline rush he received breaking her to his will.

Planning for today's contingency, the short but aggressive 18-year-old had spent several hours making subtle but important modifications to his weight bench.

The changes weren't anything not looking for them would notice, but little things about how and where the straps and pulleys were attached. He only planned to use them if necessary, as he preferred to overcome Allison's resistance with sheer strength and intimidation.

The muscular young wrestler was confident he could...at least judging by how frightened she was getting busted for not shaving her snatch. Still, David wanted them available just in case, or if some deviant idea came to mind requiring an extra set of restraints.

"Ouch, David...you're hurting me!" The brutal young man's sister complained vehemently as he harshly dragged her into his room by the hair.

Allison stumbled along behind with her big tits flailing and her ripe ass flexing, while holding on with her clenched hands to alleviate the pressure on her scalp.

David was purposefully rough with his sister to impress upon her that he meant business, and to re-instill in her the recognition of him as all-powerful as she had been convinced yesterday.

When they arrived at the weight bench, the commanding youngster unceremoniously dumped his struggling sister over the padded top of the equipment crosswise on her stomach.

He purposefully set her head over one end with her mountainous jugs hanging and wet hair loose and bedraggled; while on the other side her temptingly plump ass faced upward and ready for abuse.

"I'll do it, David...please! I'll shave...I just forgot!" Allison tearfully explained her major hygiene faux pas.

"Please, David...please let me go," the distressed coed begged for her brother's forgiveness, while beseeching her commanding master to let her perform the humiliating act before his eyes.

"I'll do it right now...you can watch," Allison offered in muted acquiesce, perhaps recognizing there was no one in the house to come to her aid.

She felt terribly vulnerable bent over the bench, with her trembling body held in place by the pressure of David's strong arm braced against the middle of her back as he knelt slightly behind to her left side.

Allison rocked on her knees seeking to lift herself, causing her dangling jugs to sway provocatively from side-to-side in an unwanted erotic display that delighted her little brother. Her position gave her no leverage whatsoever, and left her lovely bottom exposed in just the right position to make his point about her expected behavior henceforth.

"Or you can, if you want?" His distraught big sister followed obsequiously. "You can shave my pussy, okay?"

Allison hoped the alluring prospect of spreading her thighs for a repeat performance of yesterday's lurid act would appease her brother and entice him to stop whatever it was he had in mind.

"Do you want to, David?" She asked again, then mistakenly thought using naughty language would persuade him. "Do you want to shave my...my cunt?"

'WHACK!' Her brother's silence was punctuated by a loud smack.

A streak of white light exploded in Allison's brain as the pain shot from her reverberating right butt cheek in response to the frightfully powerful open-handed blow David had applied to the pale surface of her upturned ass.

"AAAYYYYEEEEEEHHHHH!!" Allison's scream fell on the deaf ears of the house.

It wouldn't be her last, as her merciless brother did not wait for the fleshy globe to finish wobbling when he struck a similarly vigorous slap to her tempting left cheek.

'SMACK!' The sound left no doubt he had used sufficient strength to get her full attention.

"OOOWWWWHHHHH!!" Allison yelped at the top of her lungs.

The pain swamped Allison's brain, and the echo of her voice filled the room and drained her of breath. Her feet kicked against the carpeted floor causing her toes to hurt, while her hair flew about as her head jerked from agony.

To David's utter enjoyment, Allison's spectacular, pendulous melons once again expressed a mind of their own as they bobbled haphazardly below her torso in every direction.

"OHH...OHH PLEASE...STOP!!" David's oppressed sister begged in a high-pitched shrill.

'SLAP...SLAP...SLAP...!' David vigorously paddled his big sister's meaty bottom.

The strident wrestler wasn't about to be deterred by her urgent pleas, smacking her round buttocks a second time, and a third, before admiring the red hand-marks he had impressed on his sister's abundant butt cheeks.

'WAP...WAP...WAP...WAP...WAP...!'

Satisfied with her initial reaction, the resourceful young tyrant changed tactics to cruelly employ just the fingers on his hand to give a rapid series of stinging spanks across the flushed skin of his target, peppering Allison's ass with a staccato succession of biting strikes covering every inch of her gloriously presented bottom.

"OOWWWHHH...PLEASE, DAVID!" Tears rolled down Allison's blubbering face as David unrelentingly scourged her defenseless backside.

"YOU CAN SHAVE ME...YOU CAN SHAVE MY CUNT!" Allison wailed hoping to placate her maniacal brother. "ALL THE TIME...EVERY DAY! OHHH, PLEEEAAASSSEE...IT HURTS!"

Having covered his sister's tender flanks with enough excruciating slaps to leave the surface with a rosy red glow, David focused his attention on his next target.

'SMACK...SMACK...SMACK...!' David released a series of smarting spanks along the delicate skin of her inner thighs.

Allison to feebly separated her quivering legs in hope of minimizing the impact, and in turn exposed fully the pink peach of her warming pussy, now glistening with the sheen of unwanted excitement from the intolerable thrashing her brother liberally applied.

Nevertheless, David purposefully didn't subject her vulnerable cunt to any of the smacks.

"Please, David...please stop. I'm sorry. I'll do what you want," Allison's babbling pleas grew into a less coherent supplication to do as he pleased.

The trapped young college girl's butt and thighs were numb from the continuous chastisement of her brother's hand. Her outcry softened as Allison assured her brother of her compliance, and that she'd do anything if he would just stop tormenting her exquisitely sensitized bottom.

"I'll blow you, David," she offered hopefully. "I will. I'll...suck your cock...um...every day. I promise."

Allison's fear of David's unpredictable temper mixed with a rising desire to create an unwanted response to the humiliating spanking, a lust fed by the forbidden imagery of untoward sex acts spilling from her slobbery lips.

"Would you like that, David?" Allison asked expectantly, before overtly adding the perverse element of incest to convince her demented little brother of her sincerity.

"Would you like to have your big sister,' Allison encouraged, "...um...take your cock in my mouth?"

"Would you like to see me...you know, suck you off every day?" The beleaguered, full-bodied teen stated as lewdly as she could muster between her sobs.

The depraved concession by his oppressed sister convinced David she was now ready for the carrot, after he had so harshly applied the stick.

Allison's torso slumped over the weight bench under the abuse, with the fight slapped out her by the endless blows of his open palm. Her reddened skin was raw and sensitive to the touch, with the nerve-endings on edge at the slightest provocation.

David discreetly reached for the body oil he kept near his weights.

He secretly used it to 'oil up' after lifting, admiring himself in the full-length mirror posing in just his tight briefs...stroking his ego, before applying more oil to stroke his cock for a post-workout masturbation session.

Today he had a better use for the oil, and masturbation wouldn't be necessary.

"Ohhh...ummmmm...," Allison cooed with surprise when David placed his oil-slickened hand on her fiery left flank.

Even after rubbing a pool of oil into his palm, David's hand felt cool to the warmed skin of Allison's chastised butt cheek. After the non-stop wallops and blistering slaps of her brother's blows, the oil was soothing and a welcome relief from the painful discipline.

"Hmmm...ohhhhh...," the college genius moaned anxiously as his soft palm covered her inflamed ass.

David was remarkably tender with his sister's acutely abraded bottom, displaying a concern for her welfare completely missing just moments earlier. Now certain she wouldn't flee, he even removed his hand from the back of her torso.

The capricious young man was generous with the emollient, pouring more and working it gingerly over the broad surface of his leery sister's pliant globes.

Starting with an extremely light touch, he gradually applied pressure in small doses as he massaged his hands deliberately over her inflamed skin.

"Mmmm...mmm...," Allison's breathing became gentle with mewling sighs escaping her parsed lips as her brother sought to ease the sore bottom he had just inflicted.

Her woeful blue eyes closed and her hair hung damp, but now stuck to her forehead by the sweat of her exertion withstanding his strident tormenting of her rump.

David's curative palm stayed diligently focused on her ass cheeks for some time.

"OOOHH...!" Allison started briefly when her inquisitive brother slipped the side of his hand into the valley of her butt crack to skim across her tightened anus, traversing the distance to deliver the oil to that most private of areas.

Still, David didn't linger or try anything of concern, and she relaxed again as he trailed his middle finger to incur just the slightest impression into her puckered ring as it passed.

'Future territory to conquer,' he smirked with deviant intent, 'but not yet.'

"Mmmmm...," Allison's tension lessened, although not quite losing herself in her brother's manual therapy.

The surrendering young woman's easing muscles granted David free access as he worked from her tender butt cheeks to her equally smarting thighs, and her legs subconsciously drifted apart in her comfortable state.

Allison really didn't pay attention as her brother's hands moved unerringly closer to her stubbly vagina...now open and unprotected by the partial disconnect of her mind.

"Huhhh...," Allison drew a deep breath.

Even as David allowed his fingers to graze along the fervid crevice between her thigh and vulva, his stupefied sister didn't react, growing slowly susceptible to the arousing effect of his unanticipated contact with her as yet unmolested pussy.

David watched attentively as his sister's wide nipples drew into crinkled nubs, and Allison's hips took on a nearly imperceptible squirm as her brother massaged dangerously close to her bare vagina, working her bottom and inner thighs up to the edge of illicit contact.

"Ummmm...," she let out a barely audible, wavering moan in involuntary response to his calming ministrations.

David knew his wavering big sister was ready for the next step in her moral descent to sexual servitude.

With no further delay, David slipped his fingertips along the clammy split of her ass once more, but this time did not stop.

Continuing beyond the perineum, his scrutinizing digits reached the gently rising seam of her steamy pussy entrance. Allison's puffy labia were in a heightened state and coated with a sprinkling of her growing moisture.

"Oooohhhhh...," Allison opened her eyes and raised her head in surprise.

"Stay," David said simply.

After yesterday, the notion of her wayward little brother touching her pussy was not new terrain for the disrespected college girl. Still, Allison was broken from her reverie by the intimacy of his exploring hand.

Trailing up her delicate pink slit to part the dainty lips as his middle finger blazed its path, her impertinent brother grazed the responsive skin covering her awakening clit, but then surprisingly stopped to cup his full warm palm over the stubbly surface of her untidy cunt.

Despite the awkward familiarity of his move, Allison did nothing to prevent her brother's access to her womanhood, dutifully leaving her thighs unclenched and her pussy available.

Having established his intent, David took control as Allison nervously lay across the weight bench, letting her brother's hand roam unimpeded across the surface of her prickly mound.

"I can feel how scratchy your snatch is Allison," he admonished his newly-servile big sister. "I'd better not feel it this way again...ever! Do you understand?"

Allison paused, unknowing how to respond to such an obscene demand.

'Smack!' When she didn't answer immediately, he smartly spanked his palm across her mound, sending a shockwave throughout her vagina and compelling her compliance.

"Ohh, yes...yes, I understand. I'll shave it every day," she agreed, then added for his benefit, "...unless you want to do it. I mean, shave my pussy for me."

"I'll do that whenever I please anyway," her domineering little brother dismissively retorted, but with a hidden smile at her submissiveness. David wanted to be clear these were not decisions for her to make.

"Awwhhhhh...yes...alright," Allison sighed again as her authoritative new master impressed his will on his passive sister.

David shamelessly ran his slickened palm over Allison's cunt, stimulating the susceptible college girl's nerve-endings to respond to his touch with a mind of its own, and to warm to the gentle pawing of her brother's hand.

When David returned his fingers to the enlivened pink gash at the center of her increasingly aroused twat, he cleaved the slippery lips to burrow a slightly deeper trough than on his first pass, exposing more of Allison's dark inner-sanctum to his prying fingers.

Deliberately, the crafty young wrestler finished at her increasingly susceptible clitoris, as the tiny fleshy pearl escaped its hooded cover in search of further attention.

"MMMMMMM...," Allison moaned louder in unbidden acknowledgement of his intrusive probes, despite her rational mind knowing this was all so wrong.

'What can I do? I've tried to stop him...to escape,' she ludicrously assuaged herself, with all rationality having left the intelligent young woman. 'He's simply too strong...too dominating.'

"AHHHHH...UMMM...," Allison groaned again at the unchallenged liberties she permitted her despicable brother.

The debased nerdy girl simply couldn't deny that David's hand felt good, igniting little sparks throughout her pelvis so different and more overwhelming than anything created by her own hand.

Allison was sinking into a moral abyss of subservience to David, and increasingly accepting unquestioned his provenance over her body, as evidenced by his lewd embrace of her cunt.

Her intent brother had made Allison cum unwillingly on his hand the day before, and the vanquished teen science geek prepared emotionally for a repeat the depraved performance. She unresistingly expected a similar result addressing the rising need between her legs. 

David rubbed his sister's pussy sensually but with increasing invasiveness as he dipped between the puffy folds of her swelling labia, pausing with each pass to twirl his fingertip over her agitated clitoris ever more attentively.

"OHHHHH...DAVID...MMMMM...,' the pleasant sounds of his sister's instinctive sighs accompanied his teasing jabs.

Allison's sore bottom wiggled in time with his visits to the sensitized fleshy nub, before he ascended again to the gateway of her pussy channel to breach the barrier of her blossoming petals for the first time.

Diving deeper than before, this time the aggressive teen inserted his finger to the knuckle, and then a second. The penetration was new to Allison, and should have sent her alarm bells ringing in shame. Instead, she was resigning herself to her fate as a sex toy to her dominant brother...at least for the moment.

"UUNNNNGGHHH...," she responded with increasingly guttural grunts. Unexpectedly, his probing fingers triggered an unknown need for her pussy to be filled.

After five or six more taunting visits into her heated passage without fully plunging into her syrupy depths, David had his faltering sister on the edge, and accommodated her developing desire by deeply slipping his fat middle finger into the anxiously awaiting chasm of Allison's slick cunt.

"OOOOOHHHHHHH...SHIT, DAVID!" Allison issued a full-throated groan.

Up to this point, David's fingers had vexed her grasping pussy hole, developing but not completely exploiting her rising lust to build Allison's growing need for penetration.

Now, she had the piercing insertion she desperately wanted.

"AWWWHHHHH...! FUCK...THAT'S GOOD," the satisfied coed uttered between deep breaths as David's finger glided easily into her saturated fuck hole, and finding the introduction of the probing digit into her begging cunt a welcome relief.

David's finger felt like a small penis to Allison, whose only experience was with Larry at Science Camp, whose own tiny prick had unfortunately not made much of an impression on the inexperienced girl.

Allison didn't masturbate often, and didn't own any sex toys at all.

The only penetration she had known previously was from the end of her hair brush on those rare occasions when she attended to her needs...mostly to alleviate stress the night before a big exam so she could get some sleep.

This momentous step in the conquest of his curvaceous sister was new to David as well.

The wanna-be teen lothario had never done any of these marvelous acts with a girl, and it was only his vast familiarity with porn videos that guided his actions in breaking down his sister's will...and her defenses.

The sensation to the junior college freshman as he rotated his actively exploring finger in the marinating cauldron of his snarky big sister's narrow snatch was like nothing he imagined.

'Allison's cunt is tight,' he realized to his absolute joy, '...and hotter than a sauna!'

"HUUHH...HUH...UHH...," his laboring sister's breathing grew more pronounced and vocal by the minute as the unstoppable youth manipulated her pussy shamelessly.

Whatever he was doing, David was convinced it was working. Sluicing his extended middle finger in and out of her excited twat, the happy young man finger-fucked his big-titted sister as he delved into the unexplored cavern.

'This is all so unbelievable,' Allison's foggy brain struggled to absorb the sordid events of the past 24 hours. 'So many...ohh...changes. Sooooo...lost to my...unnhhh...body.'

Only yesterday, she'd finished her physics assignment as a smart and confident, if somewhat socially-awkward, young woman - superior in every way to her punk-ass little brother, or so she thought.

Since then, David had stripped her naked, played with her big round tits to shake uncontrollably on her chest, then forcibly shaved off her thick bush of brunette pussy hair before fingering her to a shamefully powerful and demoralizing orgasm.

Without remorse, her deviant brother had dropped his exhausted and humbled sister to her knees to coerce her into giving him head. It was the first time she had ever sucked off anyone...her own brother!

Now, Allison found herself naked again, helplessly bent over the weight bench in David's room while the little bastard spanked her ass raw until her very spirit broke. She could do nothing to stop him...and she knew it.

"David...ohhh, you shouldn't...I'm your sister," Allison cried, sweat beading on her forehead, and a buried streak of rationality emerging from deep inside for one last attempt at persuading her demented brother to stop.

It was as if David heard nothing, brazenly reaching beneath his sister's trembling form with his free hand to play with her bobbling jugs, squeezing the hard nubs and generally enjoying the feel of her soft mounds as they squished between his fingers...their weight a measure of their generous size.

Despite her weak plea, Allison remained conflicted by the sensations David generated between her legs. His free-roaming hands created a pulsing wave of pleasure throughout her pelvis, with the effect driving her to reflexively push her pussy against her brother's invading finger each time he re-entered her clambering hole.

The difficult reality for the subdued college girl was that her shithead little brother was finger-fucking her unimpeded, and she was shamelessly working to accommodate the depth and access of his hand.

When David introduced a second finger to the task, spreading her rubbery cunt lips still further, Allison lost her feeble battle, resigning herself to the erotic sensations of his methodical fucking motion.

"Ummmmm...! Ohhh, damn you, David," her voice was a babbling whimper of compliant lust.

Closing her eyes, Allison assumed her brother planned to ring another shameful climax from her quivering body, just as he had yesterday in their shared bathroom to her absolute humiliation.

With her moral compass in tatters, the pitiful, big-breasted coed lay in submission on the bench, allowing her perverted brother free reign over her soaking pussy in expectation of the orgasm she was certain was his goal...and her growing need.

"Unnnhhhhh...ummm...ohh...," Allison hummed her acceptance through pursed lips on the bench as David's two fingers slid easily into his docile sister's copiously flowing cunt hole.

The egomaniacal teen brute expected Allison's capitulation after the frightful abuse he had planted on her backside, and as he joyfully stroked his fingers in and out of her pussy, his expectations were confirmed.

'I don't think I'll need the modifications to the weight bench,' he decided, judging from his sister's broken demeanor and gentle sighs of surrender. 'At least not today.'

David understood Allison wasn't a willingly participant to his domination game. Nonetheless, she was so bullied and intimidated he figured he could take what he wanted from her alluring body and she would give it, reluctantly, but without too much resistance for fear of further punishment.

Unknown to Allison, David intended to take a lot more than he had so far.

"That's it, Allie. Give it up, sis...give up your sweet little pussy," David encouraged his debilitated sister as she lay defeated on his bench, granting him full access to her most forbidden feminine charms.

The excitement of his success took control of the fantasizing wrestler. He was only wearing a loose pair of cargo shorts, and they served as poor concealment of the furious erection he now sported.

"You're mine now, you uptight bitch," he snarled, no longer able to restrain his powerful sexual urges and certain Allison was in as favorable a position as possible.

"Unnhhh...what?" Allison murmured, her inexperience clouding her mind leaving her uncertain of his intent even as David urgently worked his pants button undone to free his raging hard-on from its cage.

At the same time, the calculating young deviant kept his other hand pumping repeatedly into the soggy well of Allison's accommodating snatch to distract his glassy-eyed sister, occasionally grazing his finger over her yearning clitoris to keep her complacent and on the edge of her erotic precipice.

With the same quick-trigger movement he had demonstrated throughout his mastery of his meek but enticing sister, David dropped to his knees behind Allison to line up his swollen cockhead directly with the unguarded entrance to her readied fuck channel.

Gripping his inflamed pole, David grasped her broad right hip to press the fat knob of his cock solidly against the opening to Allison's cunt and firmly powered forward, breaking the seal to plant the entire 8" length of his pulsing shaft deep into his unsuspecting sister's defenseless fuck hole.

"UNNGGHHH...!" David's vociferous grunt signaled bottoming out in her exceptionally tight cunt as his muscular arms contracted with his strenuous effort to take his sister...body and soul.

"OHHHHH, JEEEZ...WHAT THE...?" Allison's head snapped up, her short hair flying about and her eyes wild with shock and confusion. "OHHH, DAVID...WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"

For just the briefest moment, David's impaled sister didn't know what to think, or what was going on. The admittedly pleasant fingering by her brother was suddenly replaced with something dense and frightening filling her pussy to its fullest extent like nothing she had ever experienced.

"OH, NOOOO! NO...NO...NOOOOOO! DAVID...DON'T...," Allison freaked out upon the realization what David was doing hit like a slap to the face, screaming at the thought of what he'd buried to the hilt inside her precious vagina.

"NOOO...YOU CAN'T...I CAN'T LET YOU...," the distraught girl panicked, trying to break away by pushing with her arms and violently shaking her hips to dislodge the indecent intruder.

David was ready for Allison's bucking response to the presence of his sturdy tool within her body.

Simply bracing his powerful left arm against the middle of her back, he easily held his overmatched sister in place as her flailing arms sought anything for leverage, but were helpless to enable her escape from her predicament.

"FUCK...YOU'RE TIGHT ALLISON!" David exalted, ignoring her pleas and reveling in the tight glove of her pussy sheath enveloping his rigid cock.

In David's most depraved fantasies, he had never imagined a pussy could feel this good...especially his bitchy big sister's tight cunt.

As a virgin, he had nothing for comparison, but Allison's under-used twat pressured his sensitive cockhead like a shoe that was too small for his foot. Allison's warm interior was sloppy wet from his finger-fucking, but heated and velvety soft in its firm embrace, unwittingly grasping his entire thick shaft with an elastic grip.

"OHHH...YOU CAN'T...UHH...I CAN'T DO THIS...!" Allison wailed her misery at the unthinkable penetration of her womb by her own brother.

Trapped and disconcertingly available for his use, David coolly pulled back halfway to the rim of his expansive crown and plowed forward again.

"ARRGGGH...," the unstoppable youth growled as he took possession of his frantic, voluptuous sibling.

"OHHHHH...YOU CAN'T...YOU CAN'T DO THIS, DAVID! YOU CAN'T FUCK ME. IT'S NOT RIGHT!" The agitated girl begged, as the thought of fucking her brother was so grotesquely disturbing...so perverse and degrading, she couldn't think straight.

"PLEASE...TAKE IT OUT, DAVID..." the crazed, busty teenager babbled remonstrations at her degenerate brother as he did the unthinkable. "PLEASE, STOP! STOP BEFORE YOU...AWWHHHHH...BEFORE YOU FUCK ME!".

"TOO LATE FOR THAT, ALLIE," David declared triumphantly between ragged breaths, uncaring about his big sister's acute duress. "I'M ALREADY FUCKING YOU, BITCH!"

Allison's panicked harangue only served to spur the incorrigible athlete onward. Keeping pressure on her back, he pulled his rampaging cock halfway from his sister's comfortable pussy sheath, and then sunk it deep once again to her petulant howls of anguish.

"OOOHHHHH...NOOOOO...," his defiled sister groaned as her unrestrained brother set into what would become a decisively steady, rhythmic pounding of Allison's soaking wet fuck channel.

Despite his own inexperience, David was careful not to withdraw too far...too soon. He feared letting his wildly gyrating sister buck him from the saddle before breaking her will with the dominating power of his ravaging cock.

David wanted more than just to fuck Allison, he sought to achieve her ultimate surrender and acquiescence to his every sordid, taboo demand...of which he had many.

"UHHH...NOOOOOO...! Ohhh, please, David...don't...," Allison protested defiantly, but with ever diminishing strength and resolve. "I'm...your sister. You can't...ohh, please...you can't...take me."

To the contrary, David was besotted with lust, and taking Allison was exactly what her disturbed 18-year-old brother wanted to do.

Her body was magnificent, and certainly better than any girl he'd ever attracted. In his warped mind, losing his virginity to Allison was the perfect antidote to his lack of success with girls.

"YEAH, RIGHT...LIKE HELL I WON'T!" The derelict teenager responded, his lust-crazed mind aflame as he drove into his captured sister's withering body time and again with growing fervor.

The idea of boning his 19-year-old big-titted sister was an unimaginable revelation to the angry, vengeful teen. The previously inconceivable notion was made even more erotic by her desperate appeals for reprieve from the debauched and unnatural coupling.

David thrilled at the scorching vision of her struggle against his rapacious despoiling of her virtue.

The unrepentant youth relished witnessing his geeky sister's hair flying askew and her gnarled mouth twisted in angst as her horrified face craned in a vain attempt to search for some mercy from her intractable brother.

"UNH...UNN...UNNH...," Allison involuntarily grunted each time her little brother's big cock pushed resolutely against the deepest reaches of her straining vagina.

The nerdy beauty's big, jello-y jugs shook with abandon while her hips, suppressed by the power of David's muscular arms, could only shift and squirm in a useless attempt for liberation from her indomitable brother's methodical fucking.

Allison's meaty ass jiggled sumptuously in accompaniment to her bid for freedom as his hips bumped mightily against her plump flanks with each thrust.

Establishing his dominance in her silken cunt, David suddenly changed tactics.

Slowing his strokes to steadily tease Allison for several minutes with deliberate half-strokes, while feeding only a portion of his firm cock into her wonderfully snug pussy. Inexorably, the porn-educated college freshman intended to build his vulnerable sister's need for more of his thick shaft, and to wear down her resistance.

'Huuhh...huh...whewww...ohhh...dear lord,' Allison's breathing grew deep, and her faltering voice grew into a husky, under-the-breath whisper with her rapidly intensifying desire as his technique proved effective.

"Ohhh, David...unh...you shouldn't be...ahhh...fucking me...," Allison's opposition to her brother's incessant screwing of her increasingly agreeable twat was slowly overwhelmed by exhaustion, resignation, and a growing susceptibility to her indefatigable brother's unyielding cock.

"It's so much bigger than Larry," Allison conceded in a rare moment of lucidity as the impressive shaft strained tightly against her distended pussy walls.

"So much bigger...," she sighed as lust took over her addled mind completely to drop her into the dazed fog of sexual need without recrimination.

"Ohhh, shit David... Unhh...ahhh...you're...fucking me...aghhh...good," Allison's resolve collapsed, and the misused girl disgracefully urged her brother onward.

"Ohhh...so big," the misused girl disgracefully urged her brother onward. "Give it all...awwnhh...to me!"

David smiled at his sister's concession and his own success, relentlessly driving only a portion of his sturdy cock into the amenable breach of his overbearing older sister's saturated fuck sleeve and glorifying as her hanging melons stretched beneath her torso to swing in rhythm to his thrusts.

"DO IT DAMNIT! FUCK ME, DAVID," his corrupted sister implored scandalously. "GIVE ME YOUR...UH...BIG COCK!"

Fading to her subjugation each time her athletic brother's stiff pole powered into her steamy depths, Allison's surrender acknowledged the spurious grant of her marvelous body to David...and of her imperious brother's unchallenged rights to her once-forbidden pussy.

"YEAH...THAT'S IT, ALLIE...UNGH...BEG FOR IT, BITCH...UGH...BEG FOR MY COCK!" David crowed victoriously as he rode only part of his stiff tool into his sister's succumbing cock sheath with ever-greater deliberation.

Taking his restraining arm from her back, Allison did nothing, instead staying limp and receptive to her plight, seemingly powerless to refuse him. Intuitively, the domineering teen saw his opportunity to up the ante.

Unable, or unwilling, to hinder the plundering of her precious citadel, David took his vanquished big sister unconditionally, returning the full measure of his impressive cock to Allison's ravenous fuck tunnel.

"OOOHHHHH...I CAN'T...," Allison cried her paltry objection, then gave in remorsefully to her need.

The powerful wrestler grabbed both of Allison's broad hips, pulled his ardent shaft out to the rim of its flared crown, and plowed into her overwhelmed cunt again with staggering impact, until all 8" of his mighty cock sank to the bone deep into Allison's plundered fuck hole.

"AWWHHHHH, YESSSSS...! OHHH, DAVID...SO BIG...SOOOOO FUCKING BIG...!" The compromised, newly-taken college girl moaned her recognition of the sheer size of her short-of-stature brother's solid meat.

"FUCKING RIGHT, ALLIE! TAKE IT ALL!" David gloated at her admission of his prodigious size.

"Uhh...ohhh, jeeez...I'm lost. Ohhh...David...take me...," Allison's trembling lips issued a breathless murmur of anguished turmoil as she realized her downfall.

Confident in his position, and with no further fight left his humbled sister, David securely grabbed Allison's wide hips for the thorough fucking he'd planned since her downfall yesterday morning.

His chest and arm muscles flexing, David energetically drove his engorged meat fully into his compliant sister's waiting cunt. Symbolically, the swelling lips surrounding her unprotected entrance parted without resistance to accept her prevailing brother's hard cock.

"UNNGGGH...UGGH...SOOO BIG...YOU'RE...AHH...SOOOOO BIG...," the inexperienced girl called out her difficulty with his considerable size as the solid tool stretched the narrow channel to burrow into her heated fuck chamber.

After only another moment of taking the impressive shaft, Allison's concern disintegrated as her unflagging brother built-up to his final assault of her disappearing virtue.

"SHIT...SOOO BIG...! OHH, DAVID...YOUR COCK...UNNH...SOOO BIG!" Allison praised her brother, mindlessly repeating herself, so enraptured by the expansive girth of her brother stretching vaginal sleeve.

Growing comfortable and convinced by her throaty sighs and babbles of his defeated sister's rising stimulation, David initiated an unceasing rhythm of vigorous strokes with surprising discipline, plowing deep into his sister's yawning cock sheath again and again.

David was determined his broken sister become acquainted with the entire length and thickness of his soon-to-be familiar cock. He wanted to leave a lasting impression on Allison's emerging libido.

"UNNHHH...UNNHHH...OHH, DAVID...," Allison groaned as her little brother hammered her cunt ferociously, building to even greater heights as the wayward youth took his sister mercilessly. 

'She thought I was stupid,' David's thoughts raced, pleased without himself and his unfolding plan. 'I'll show her how to turn a bitchy big sister into a compliant little fuck toy!'

The scheming, muscle-bound youth wanted more than to merely break Allison's spirit...he wanted her absolute acceptance of his dominance. He intended for Allison to cast aside her rejection of his illicit demands and assume her rightful role as his sexual plaything.

David had made a point of jerking off this morning, knowing without a doubt this moment would come. He wanted it to last. As badly as he couldn't wait to pump his load into Allison's receptive snatch, he was even more obsessed with the idea of bringing his superior sister to heel.

"I'll break you, bitch," he enthused loud enough for Allison to get the message in his tireless ardor. 'I'll drive you crazy with my big cock!'

David determined to push his vulnerable sister to a point of ecstasy so shattering - of sexual hunger so powerful, that she looked beyond the immoral nature of the act to instead become consumed by her lust.

"AGGH...UNH...UGGH...," David snorted loudly, drawing breath through his nose from his strenuous efforts in smashing his sister's moral dignity and rectitude.

As his lascivious fantasy came closer to fruition, David gazed transfixed as his rigid, shiny pole disappeared as her voracious maw swallowed his plundering shaft whole into her resilient fuck sleeve, with each thrust accompanied by her heightened arousal and excitement.

Better still, her carnal fervor came with a reemerging refrain of remorse at her submission, despite her overarching desire. She was terribly conflicted morally and emotionally, and he knew it.

"OHHH...OHHHH...OHHH, PLEASE...," Allison moaned even as she accepted her little brother's big cock. "IT'S WRONG...UNH...SO WRONG TO...FUCK YOUR SISTER."

With each outward pull, David saw his sister's slick, swollen labia stretched to their limit by the removal of his broad tool, clinging hungrily to his veined shaft in greedy desire for its return.

Grasping as it left, the fleshy lips encompassed the swollen knob longingly, to be rewarded with the reintroduction of his pummeling stanchion as her fat cunt lips collapsed in welcome with fervent embrace.

"UUNNHH...UNNHHH...AAHHH...PLEASE, DAVID...OHHH, IT'S...UHH...TOO MUCH!" Allison pleaded. "OHHH, JEEEZ...OHH FUCKING SHIT, FUCK ME, DAVID...UNNNH...FUCK ME HARD...!!"

His conquered sister's protests withered completely under David's relentlessly driving hips. His steady pace forced Allison to succumb to her growing lust.

The conquered college coed's morally-clouded mind cared less and less that it was her little brother filling her famished pussy each time David entered, now driven more by her building need for his cock than any thoughts of the true nature of their depraved performance.

"AGGHHH, ALLISON...," David grunted with his taxing physical effort. "TAKE THIS BITCH...UNNH...TAKE MY COCK!"

The young aspiring athlete was losing control too, with his own desire surging as he felt his uptight older sister reflexively roll her hips in time with his own, and push back with each dive into her overheated cunt as she worked to gobble up as much of his long pole as her greedy snatch could handle.

Sensing his anxious big sister was ready, David ramped up the action, increasing the speed and power of his thrusts to a gear even he didn't know he had, while gripping Allison's broad hips to use all his considerable strength in pulling his sister's begging cunt onto his fierce staff.

"AAHHH...UUGGHHH...OHHH...," David raggedly growled as he ravaged his sister's twat with deep, pummeling thrusts. "TAKE IT, ALLIE...UGGH...TAKE MY COCK WITH YOUR TIGHT LITTLE SNATCH!!"

Allison unabashedly joined her brother in his search for their mutual climax, caving completely to his powerful cock slamming her eager pussy. Tremors rippled throughout her abdomen, her thighs tensed, and her teeth clenched under the stress of her rising ecstasy.

"OHH...OHH...UNNHH...DAVID...," her rapid moans matched her brother's guttural grunts as he exhaustingly powered his tired body onward. "GIVE IT TO ME...UHH...GIVE ME YOUR BIG COCK!"

'WAP...WAP...WAP...,' David's hips were a blur, slapping mightily into Allison's full, reverberating ass cheeks.

"OHHH...YES! OHHH, DAVID...OH, FUCKING YESSSSS...!" Allison's moral resolve was ruined, and her mouth drew into a circle of ecstasy encouraging her brother to take her over the finish line.

"OHH JEEEEZ, DAVID!" She howled greedily. "PLEASE...OHHHH... PLEASE...FUCK YOUR SISTER...FUCK HER HARD!!"

Allison was on the brink, with her spirit and superiority in tatters. David knew she was his to use, pounding her cunt as hard as he could to give her the release she craved and reinforce her fealty.

Regardless of how demeaning their relationship became, David intended to instill in his weak-willed sister the need for the powerful orgasms his cock could provide in taking her to her ultimate submission.

"AAAWWWNNNNHHHHH...!!" The crush of her orgasm rocked Allison like a tsunami breaking on a seawall.

Her voluptuous body jerked so violently her head formed an arch with her ass. Allison azure blue eyes went wild with the revelation of her peaking ecstasy, and her mouth quivered as the tectonic jolts of her climax pulsed throughout her legs, torso, and brain in shockwaves.

"OHHHHH...AAAAAHHHHHHHH...DEAR GAWWWD...!" Allison screamed in her fulfillment, unable to finish the sentence as her voice was reduced to a babbling stream of sighs and groans, and a hint of drool exited the corner of her straining lips.

"OOOHHHHH...UNNHHHHH...!" The enraptured coed's groans grew into a continuous stream.

David pushed forward as his sister endured the overwhelming crest of her orgasm. The vibrating waves ripped through her body, with her arms wavering and the contortions sending her dangling D-cup jugs careening recklessly under her heaving chest.

David was close too, and it was only the proximity to his own mighty climax propelling his depleted body.

"OH, FUCK, ALLISON!" David barked his approach. "OH, FUCK! OH, FUCK! OHHH, FUCKING YOU HARD...!"

The first rope of David's pressurized jism shot like a missile into Allison's deep, soaking cavern.

"AAAAGGGGHHHHHH...!!" The ecstatic teen conqueror bellowed his triumph. "TAKE IT, ALLIE...TAKE MY CUM!"

A hot river of David's volcanic spunk flowed like lava into his sister's engulfing pussy, splashing against the walls and filling each crevice as it erupted from his deeply-lodged cockhead. Jet after jet pulsed into his dominated sister's cunt, claiming her pussy as his own, and fulfilling his desire for her submission.

It was a level of ecstasy he hadn't known existed.

The taboo pair melded as one in a way a brother and sister should never bond. David stayed parked firmly against the sloping curve of his sister's round ass while spewing the last of his potent spunk into the furthest reaches of Allison's fertile womb.

Their sweat-soaked bodies slowly calmed and the senses returned to their climax-addled brains.

"OHHH, MY DEAR GOD...NOOOOO!" Allison cried with alarm.

Still catching her breath and regaining her wits, the increasingly aware collegiate genius panicked at the prospect of the consequences of their illicit union.

"DAVID, DID YOU CUM IN ME? DID YOU CUM IN ME???" The distraught, full-bodied beauty wailed as the realization her brother had just pumped his copious load of baby-making semen into her unprotected pussy disconcertingly dawned on Allison.

Allison was beside herself with grief. The fact her little brother had fucked her to a mind-numbing orgasm suddenly took a backseat to the reality he had just sprayed her womb with his virile seed.

David remained silent, dropping over his sister's ample backside exhausted and recovering from his efforts with a shit-eating grin on his face. He hadn't heard a word she said.

"DAVID, YOU CAN'T CUM IN ME!" Allison yelled hysterically.

David simply didn't care. He had just fucked his superior sister. He had just plowed her tight cunt, toyed with her big tits, and drove her to a mighty orgasm with his cock. He was in heaven.

"OHH, MY GOD, DAVID, DON'T YOU GET IT? I'M NOT ON ANYTHING!" Allison whined hysterically, clearly freaking out. "OH SHIT, DON'T YOU SEE...I COULD GET PREGNANT!"

David languished on his sister's body as she flailed beneath him in anguish. He was thinking about the future, and the myriad ways he planned to take advantage of his newly-gained sovereignty over his bossy sister and her 'built for sin' body.

The demented young man relished how much fun he'd have with Allison as his newly-subjugated sex toy. He grew tired of Allison's wailing as he became more aware of his surroundings.

"It's time to shut that shit down, Allison" he grumbled to no one, as his distraught sister was clearly in her own tormented world.

It was time to educate his brainy, buxom sister about her new role in his life.

'Smack!' David delivered a solid but generally mild spank to her still sore bottom, sending a stinging reminder of the message she had clearly dismissed from earlier in the morning.

"OOWWWWW...!" She immediately stopped wailing in response to the attention-getting slap.

"SHUT UP, ALLISON!" David scowled with premeditated outrage. "SHUT THE FUCK UP...RIGHT NOW!!"

Allison was stunned to silence.

"YOU BETTER GET USED TO IT, ALLISON," David raised his hand menacingly, while his barking tone informed Allison he was very serious.

"I'LL CUM IN YOU, ON YOU, OR WHEREVER I WANT...WHENEVER I WANT!" He warned ominously.

"If you're not on anything," David angrily advised his cowering big sister, "...then you'd better get on something, because this is just the beginning."

Allison hadn't expected David's total disregard for getting her pregnant, or his sudden anger after the powerfully disturbing sex they'd just shared. She mistakenly assumed he'd be worried about the possibility of knocking up his older sister.

Now, she realized she was wrong, and his only concern was the pleasure he could derive from her captive body.

"Look Allison, I plan on fucking you a lot more from now on," David explained without remorse, leaving no uncertainty in her unsettled mind about his future expectations.

"Get it, Allie? You're my big-titted fuck doll," he added matter-of-factly. "You're my 'go to' source of sexual relief."

"NOOOOO...! DAVID, YOU CAN'T..." Allison sobbed in denial, but knew that he could...and that he would.

"I SAID IT BEFORE, AND I'LL SAY IT AGAIN," David practically spit his vehemence as his sister shrank in fear from his unexpected outburst, "...ALTHOUGH I SHOULDN'T HAVE TO BECAUSE YOU'RE SO FUCKING SMART."

"YOU'RE BODY IS MINE...TO FUCK OR DO ANYTHING ELSE I WANT," her commanding little brother ranted, drunken with power and lust.

"YOUR BIG TITS, YOUR RIPE ASS, AND YOUR TIGHT LITTLE CUNT," he used the coarse street terms for emphasis, "...THEY'RE ALL MINE, AND I'LL USE THEM AS I PLEASE."

Her spite-consumed little brother screamed in her face so fiercely Allison could only slump on top of the weight bench and recoil with despair. No longer physically restrained, she was nonetheless utterly helpless...mentally, spiritually and emotionally.

"NOW, GO SHAVE YOUR FUCKING CUNT!" David's demand made his naked, intimidated, and now-compliant sister cringe as he pointed imperiously at the bathroom door.

END PART 04

Family Takedown 05
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. You've been warned.

*

ALLISON'S NEW REALITY

Allison slipped quietly past the sliding bathroom door into the dark stillness of her brother's bedroom.

She had turned off the bathroom light, but the steam from her just-completed shower still fogged the mirror and hung thickly in the air. The 19-year-old coed had not bothered to blow-dry her damp brown curls for fear of making too much noise and disturbing David's sleep.

Draped in just a bath towel, the discreet college sophomore tiptoed to her slumbering 18-year-old brother's bedside. Without her black-rimmed glasses in place, Allison followed the slight hint of early morning light illuminating her path...although by this point she could have negotiated the distance blind-folded.

Hovering at David's bedside, Allison paused a moment to observe his sleeping form, certain he was still unconscious in his dream world.

With the simple twist of her fingers, the buxom nerdy girl unhitched the towel from around her torso to drop to the carpeted floor and stand absolutely naked in the dim sunlight. Her breathing was calm, with her large breasts rising and falling easily.

Briefly, she lowered her hand to skim her fingertips across the surface of her cleanly-shaven vagina.

'Silky smooth,' she reassured herself.

Allison was careful to take the razor to her pussy every morning for the two weeks since David made clear her new status as his incestuous sex toy. She was scared to death of her demanding brother catching her with any stubble whatsoever on her pristine mound.

David's intimidated sister didn't want to give her watchful brother the opportunity to 'correct' her should he detect a hair in a sneak inspection.

In the past fortnight, at any time her insistent brother would surreptitiously slip his hand down the front of her pants to check the state of her grooming. To her horror, even with their parents in the room, but always while they were otherwise occupied.

*****************************

Now, drawing back the light sheet after a warm autumn night, Allison revealed her muscular younger brother's nude body lying face-up with arms stretched to either side of his head.

David's legs were conveniently parted and bent at the knee, with his flaccid cock drooping nicely between his thighs to grant prime access to his dormant meat. A forest of unkempt light brown pubic hair surrounded his manhood.

Dropping to her knees, Allison leaned in and delicately took the limp tool between her fingers to gently run the soft tips along the supple surface. Lifting the fleshy pole to lay outstretched against his pelvis, the attentive girl watched her sleeping brother's cock instinctively respond to the stimulation, springing to life with her touch.

Painfully aware of her task and David's strict requirements, Allison lowered her mouth to the rousing meat. The cool strands of her moist hair tickled his skin in a halo around his groin, while her big pliable jugs brushed daintily against his hairy left thigh.

Starting at the base of his hardening tool, Allison ran the tip of her tongue slowly, gingerly, up the recumbent shaft to trail along the buried urethral tube all the way to the top.

Returning along the tender flesh, she repeated her tonguing of his warm staff two more times, adding a little more pressure on each pass, and applying the flat surface of her tongue to silently urge his commanding cock to rise to its full capacity.

Her sleeping brother's growing spear twitched involuntarily as the blood flowed to expand his phallus to nearly its full size. Each pulse pushed the swelling crown momentarily off his stomach, allowing Allison to capture the tip between her ruby lips, and swirl her wet tongue about the surface of the sensitive head.

Sensing the faint taste of his salty pre-cum, David's servile older sister shamefully charged forward.

Taking the awakening tool between her soft lips, she swallowed the full 8" span of his growing cock, stretching wide to encompass its now-familiar girth and letting the spongy tip push into her expansive throat with only modest difficulty.

*****************************

Allison had spent every morning in this or similar fashion since the day her younger, but much stronger brother took control of her body. She learned early, sometimes painfully at the back of his hand or with the abuse of her round bottom, that David was completely willing and capable of enforcing his desires.

Her dictatorial brother set rules he expected her to follow precisely -- about her dress, her hygiene and grooming, and most importantly, about her availability to service him and his unquenchable sexual needs.

One rule was to wake him each morning with a blowjob, while completely naked and with a freshly-shaved pussy.

After her first inept attempt at sucking his cock in the bathroom, David had given Allison one of his favorite porn videos, "Cocksucking Debutantes," wherein a newly-initiated submissive young lady is taught the proper technique for sucking her master's, or any man's, cock.

The intent was for Allison to learn and employ these lessons.

'She's a smart girl...she'll pick it up,' he assumed. Of that, he was confident.

The morning routine provided Allison a regular opportunity to practice what she'd learned -- not that there was any real concern her lecherous brother wouldn't give her ample chances to perfect her craft.

'It's really was rather simple,' his brainy teenage sister quickly realized. 'It comes down to three easy 'must-do's' -- everything else is just improvisation.'

First, no hands. The video made it clear it's a blowjob...not a hand job. Hands are for massaging the man's balls to enhance the experience, but that's all.

Second, eyes on his eyes at all times. Sucking his cock is an act of adoration and submission to his pleasure, and keeping her eyes focused on his tells him her attention is entirely on him.

Third, last and most important, swallow. His cum is his male essence, and it should never be wasted by spilling it or spitting it out. Rather she should ingest it to make it a part of herself. The only exception is with his explicit instruction to take his spunk on her face or tits.

Violation of David's rules brought swift and harsh retribution, such that Allison quickly discovered it was easier and safer to acquiesce than to resist. An early experience served to reinforce that discovery.

*****************************

Out of the gate, David established that his frumpy older sister was permitted to wear her baggy outer clothing, as usual.

He preferred some suggestive outer wear, but that wasn't Allison's style. Not wishing for anyone to grow curious as to why she suddenly wore sexy, more revealing skirts and dresses, he allowed the exterior garb to prevail.

Still, he insisted she upgrade the drab and boring underwear she liked, requiring her to spend that first Sunday afternoon at a lingerie shop buying sexy bras -- lacy push-up, demi-cup, and minimal support 'nude' bras, along with silky panties -- French cut, bikini, and thong.

He even required her to buy a black satin corset with a matching garter and hose, just because he liked the look. Plus, he was dying to see what his incredibly built older sister looked like in such revealing lingerie.

On only the third day of her new reality, David performed an impromtu check of her attire, marching in to her room unannounced.

"Off with it, Allison," he ordered, abruptly demanding she remove her sweater so he could see which sexy new bra she had selected that day.

The easily-triggered youth became enraged when she pulled the loose knit garment over her head to reveal a functional white bra.

"You just don't get it, do you Allison?" David shook his head as he disappeared into the bathroom, reappearing a moment later with a pair of scissors.

Allison was frozen in fear at his learning of her non-compliance.

"I didn't think you meant wearing risqué underwear every day," she explained, suddenly realizing her mistake.

She wrongly assumed it was only for when he wanted to 'use' her -- Allison's euphemism for sex.

"Hey...!" Allison exclaimed, stunned into non-action when her brother authoritatively pulled the front of the bra away from her chest and unceremoniously cut through the fabric with the scissors.

The big-titted science geek's giant melons jostled about flagrantly with their sudden release from the constraints of the sturdy cups. Just as quickly he snipped through each shoulder strap so the now-useless contraption lay in tatters on the floor to fully expose her sizable breasts.

'Smack!'

Pain shot through Allison's big left tit, rocketing to her brain like a missile at launch in an explosion of white light.

"OOUUUCHH!" The wounded but terrified young woman yelped, her smashed boob crashing into her right to bounce wildly.

'Whack!'

Before she could respond, her angry brother came from the other direction with the back of his hand against her fat right melon.

"YYYEEEEEKK...!" The agony streaked once again to her brain as both tits flew about in reaction to the blows.

Allison instinctively clutched her aching mounds to protect them from further abuse, but the message from her demanding younger brother was already made crystal clear.

"I'm sorry...I didn't know," Allison explained, truly contrite and scared. "I won't do it again...I promise."

"You sure as hell won't," David told his beleaguered sister. "Where are they? I want to see every bra and panty you own out on the bed right now."

Allison, topless and still clutching her sore chest, scrambled to her dresser to empty her underwear drawer of its contents.

David systematically took the scissors to anything he found objectionable, pretty much all of her 'industrial' bras and 'old lady' panties, to leave only the sexy new lingerie.

"There, I just did you a big favor, Allie," David hissed derisively. "Now, you can't fuck it up and get it wrong."

Allison was cowed, but even at this point in her subjugation she might have confronted her brother with her objections, if he had wanted more from her than just her body. But that was all he claimed. Her desirable body, but not her entire lifestyle.

She was still free to pursue her interests, her studies and all those things she had always loved. Only her voluptuous body had become his property.

Since Allison had never had much interest in things physical, she succumbed to his power, and literally bent to service his needs.

She continued to live as the intelligent geeky girl, receiving good grades and excelling in those things about which she cared. Her intellect was the saving grace that buoyed her sense of self-worth and esteem.

Her ripe, young body, however, belonged to her little brother.

*****************************

Now, in the early morning stillness, Allison was sucking David's rigid cock with a purpose.

Her oral skills were developing with each turn as she carefully tended to David's thick pole. Bobbing up and down along its length, Allison adeptly took the firm tool to the back of her throat and momentarily beyond, before easing off again.

'Mucck...ggk...,' she barely gagged at all.

Washing her tongue along the underside of his tense meat, she then returned to the spongy head to rake her teeth lightly across the surface. That was some of the improvisation she had seen in the video.

Bizarrely, Allison felt a certain pride in her newfound talent, convincing herself it was just another challenge to tackle, and blanking her mind to the reality it was her little brother's sturdy cock she was taking into her mouth so proficiently.

Circling her lips, she worked the hard shaft to the base again and into her throat in a remarkable display of natural talent that had initially surprised both she and her brother.

After a moment with David's swollen crown blocking her air, Allison pulled up and off to drop to the hairy sack containing his full balls.

Licking the left egg-sized orb, she slathered the heavy testicle with her saliva, before weighing it with her tongue and taking it gently it between her lips to gingerly suck.

'Hmmm...,' David's eyes opened to his bossy big sister attending to his nuts, humming his satisfaction and smiling.

His pretty, yet dorky, 19-year-old sister with the hot body was fulfilling his every sexual wish, hovering naked at his bed taking his cock into her mouth and sucking him to hardness as his wake-up call.

'What should he do now?' he wondered.

It was a dilemma.

Some days, he let her suck him leisurely until he pumped his load of cream into her mouth to swallow down for breakfast. Other days, he'd let her get him hard, then require her to park her tight bald pussy on his upright cock and fuck them both to a rousing orgasm 'Cowgirl-style.'

Disgracefully, Allison came to appreciate those times when her brother fucked her pussy, rather than shoot off in her mouth, although she couldn't acknowledge it...even to herself.

While she had grown accustomed to the salty flavor of his cum, she admitted in the deepest part of herself that David was pretty good at fucking.

He didn't just look after himself, but was actually considerate, and acutely aware of her needs. The usually self-centered young man always brought his older sister to a powerful climax on his robust cock.

Allison had no way of knowing her egotistical brother wasn't simply being altruistic.

The truth was the perverse young wrestler simply enjoyed watching his big-titted sister cum, mindlessly groaning out her orgasm while witnessing her bodacious melons bounding haphazardly on her chest.

The fact it was her 'dipshit' little brother's cock making Allison cum made it that much sweeter for David.

In the end, the motivation didn't really matter. Allison experienced the most incredible orgasms of her young life fucking her brother, and David got everything he wanted and more.

'He likes fucking his big sister,' Allison knew by the sheer level of David's excitement and how easily she made him hard. 'I'm guessing he's going to be fucking me a lot.'

It was a harsh but accurate assessment of Allison's immediate future.

Assuming this was the pattern going forward, and having dodged a bullet the first time he took her bareback a couple of weeks earlier, Allison promptly went to a women's clinic for a prescription for birth control. The last thing in the world she needed was for her dominating little brother to put a forbidden bun in the oven.

"Ummmmh...yes...," David sighed as Allison worked over his cock with the focus she applied to a math problem.

Meticulously employing every trick she had learned to tease and provoke her brother's rock-solid cock, she studiously engulfed his engorged meat deeply, and then hollowed her cheeks with a vacuuming suction when pulling up its rigid length.

David pondered his next move, but did so quickly, because his sister's capable mouth was rapidly bringing him to the point of no return.

"Ahh! Shit Allison, you're starting to get too good at that," he sincerely praised his fast-learning sister.

Despite the depraved nature of the act inspiring the compliment, Allison felt a surge of satisfaction nonetheless.

'No one would have thought of Allison Thornton as 'a good cocksucker' before,' she understood.

'Today,' her assured brother spontaneously decided, 'I'm gonna try something different.'

"Get up here, sis," David ordered with an affirming tone of approval.

Allison pulled off her autocratic little brother's big cock with a certain sense of expectation.

Climbing onto the bed, she deferentially prepared to take her brother's thick pole once more into her receptive pussy. Lifting her leg, the bright, large-breasted collegian readied to plant her moist snatch on David's ardent erection.

Allison was surprised when David advised otherwise.

"No, lay down, Allison," he instructed pleasantly. "Take my place."

"You want to fuck me missionary?" Allison asked almost innocently, cocking her head with uncertainty in a surprisingly cute manner.

"Maybe. Eventually. I don't know," her brother responded indecisively.

Now, Allison was really curious.

As she lay on her back on the twin bed, her considerable tits spread jello-like across her chest to slope to each side in an enticing display that always fascinated her depraved brother.

"Shit sis, you really have incredible tits," David flattered Allison, pausing to admire his big sister's prodigious chest.

"I love this position for you," he insisted as he scooped up the huge, doughy mounds from each side to press together, before letting go of the fleshy globes to jiggle delightfully back into place on her recumbent chest.

Allison's nipples remained flat, flaccid, and at their widest, with the silver dollar-sized areolas a rose pink darkening the top of her tremoring mounds.

"How'd we do this morning?" David asked rhetorically, parting his reclining sister's legs and bending them at the knee obscenely.

Allison's bald twat was fully exposed and at his disposal. He wanted to take the time to truly appreciate it.

True to her overall form and fitness, his full-bodied big sister's pussy mound was a touch puffy and rounded. Her sealed pink cunt lips remained flaccid, unruffled and cleanly clinging to each other, while the bottom of her unguarded slit melded fluidly into her perineum and the darkness of her ass crack.

There was no hint whatsoever of her clitoris, currently hiding deeply buried in its protective cover.

Her intrusive brother was almost doctor-like in his examination, running his palm over her soft mound before sliding two fingers lower to trace the outlines of her vulva. He even presumptuously pulled the floppy pussy lips outward between thumb and forefinger, as if to gain a look inside her sacred dark chasm.

"Nice! Really smooth," David appraised, taking liberties assessing her shaven pussy in ways that made Allison cringe uncomfortably.

Despite the number of times he had done so, the socially-bashful teen coed still struggled to accept the extreme intimacy with her younger brother, and particularly when he drew his index finger lightly up the placid seam of her parting slit.

'It's all so very familiar,' Allison reflected with unsettled consternation as she squirmed on the bed. 'He is my brother, after all. He shouldn't be this well-acquainted with his sister's vagina.'

"You really have a lovely little snatch, Allison," David complimented shamelessly. "I don't know why you never shaved it before? I guess that's one more thing you can thank me for, huh?"

David enjoyed taking credit for his sister's newly sex-focused home-life, as if her debauched relationship with her brother was a badge of honor. Instead, Allison shrank from the untoward comment.

David then did something she hadn't expected, and for which she was unprepared. Her impertinent little brother leaned in closely to swipe the flat of his tongue across the vulnerable entrance to her pussy chamber.

"Ooohhh...," she cooed inadvertently at the wet contact, caught completely off-guard.

"Mmmmm...you taste like...nectar, sis...sweet nectar," David remarked improperly with unseemly delight.

David had never tasted a pussy before, and had no measuring stick for comparison, and Allison's fragrant aroma and salty-sweet flavor was not necessarily what he expected.

"Uhhh...nuhh...," Allison initially recoiled.

Similarly to her brother, no one had ever licked her pussy before now. It made her feel so defenseless to have her private parts exposed openly for such oral attention, especially without even the covering of her formerly dense thatch of brown pussy hair obscuring the entrance.

Reeling from the suddenness of her brother's sampling of her most personal female effluent, Allison became flustered, and didn't struggle when David pushed her legs back farther to give himself complete and unfettered access to her denuded twat.

"Hmmm...uhh...," the besieged girl squealed under her breath when David licked firmly along the slit up the center of her cunt.

David wet the clinging flaps of her wrinkled skin thoroughly with saliva, and pried the tip of his tongue purposefully into the breach, before sliding up the furrowed channel deliberately to plow a path at the heart of her undefended pussy.

"Ahhhhh...ohh, David," Allison's squeal transitioned to a pleasurable sigh.

Pleased, her curious brother responded with another swipe, delving his inquisitive tongue deeper between the cleaving lips into the pit of her womanhood, before burying the slippery appendage into the heated folds of her moistening sheath.

Plunging in once, then twice and a third time, David explored every crevice of his sister's smoldering dark cavern.

"Ohhh...ooohhhh...what...are you? OHHHHH..." Allison's voice cut out and breathing grew more pronounced, with her nipples crinkling under the stimulus of her little brother's tongue worming its way into every corner of her accessible cunt.

David was intrigued by the rapid surrender of his sister to his invading tongue. It was clear she enjoyed what he was doing, even with the terribly personal nature of the act.

Holding her legs wide apart, he worked his tongue around and into her quivering fuck channel again to draw an ongoing positive response from Allison as her hips gently rolled on the bed.

"Ahhh...awwhhh...David...," she sighed continuously as her brother licked away at her scalding hot pussy, and her pleasantly plump ass rose and fell as he probed deep into her innermost sanctum.

Allison had never felt so available for use sexually.

Even when her brother shaved her pussy and rubbed her to orgasm over the bathroom sink, she didn't feel so accessible...and so unprotected. With her legs splayed by David's strong arms, the winsome coed was helpless to prevent his flicking tongue from penetrating her most private places.

"AAANNHHHHHH...!" Allison nearly jumped out of her skin when his exploring tongue crossed her slumbering clit.

The sensitive nub sparked to life as he passed over the twitchy mass of nerves, and her hips jerked involuntarily. Her round bottom wiggled in every direction, trying desperately to avoid his teasing tongue. His susceptible sister's reaction was all the proof necessary he was giving Allie exactly what she needed...and no doubt wanted.

Having found her 'on' button, David bore down mercilessly on his wavering sister's responsive clit.

Driving the tip of his tongue ferociously into the protruding flesh, the perceptive young man badgered, tweaked and tormented the exquisitely sensitive nub with a rapid array of targeted stabs, sending her hips from rolling to jerking to bucking.

"OOOHHHHH, DAVID...STOP!" Allison called out in her shrill voice, heedless of how loud she called. "IT'S TOO...OHHH...IT'S TOO MUUUCHHH...TOO STRONG!"

David fixed his gaze along Allison's flexing abdomen to eye with absolute enchantment the way his sister's body responded to his brisk tonguing of her joy button.

Ramping up his blitz on the straining little bundle, he watched gleefully as Allison's head rose but her blue eye's remained closed, with her oval red lips trembling and body quaking.

Allison's rounded tummy muscles clenched and contracted as her big, doughy tits recoiled across her torso. Her once-flaccid nipples were now hard as diamonds.

"OHH, DAVID...OOOHHHH, I NEED...I NEED TO CUM!" Allison implored her brother as her breathing grew ragged and her voice desperate.

'Slup...muuph...smurp...,' David buried his mouth deep into his faltering sister's cunt and tongued her bursting clitoris for all he was worth.

"OHHHHH...PLEASE...OHH PLEASE...EAT ME, DAVID...MAKE ME CUM!" The gasping college genius openly begged her brother in acceding to her need under his withering tongue.

David stayed the course despite his difficulty keeping his mouth on the bronco ride of his sister's hips. Reaching to grab her flailing right tit, he seized the pointed nipple to pinch firmly and roll between his fingers as he relentlessly pursued his vanquished sister's orgasm.

"UUUNNNNHHHAA...AHHH...OHHH...OH FUCK...I'M CUMMINNGG...I'M CUUMMMIIIINNNNGGGG!!" Allison screamed, arching her back spastically at the bulrush of her orgasm, and knocking David off her exploding clit as she did so.

David's face flooded with potent juice raging from the steamy furnace of Allison's convulsive cunt.

"AAAANNNNNHHHHHH...!!!" Allison wailed as the violent power of her climax curled her toes, and her compact legs extended straight-out so tightly they cramped.

Obviously successful in his first attempt at eating his sister's pussy, David didn't waste time reveling in his triumph.

"YEAH...NOW, ALLIE...UNNH...NOW I'M GONNA REALLY FUCK YOU!" Her enthusiastic younger brother exclaimed, taking advantage of her debilitated state to splay her shuddering thighs as she rolled through the unending climax.

Scurrying on top of her quaking body, David drove his achingly hard cock deep to the bone into his deliriously aroused sister's soaking wet fuck hole.

"AWWGGHHH...YESSS...!" Allison accepted her brother's thick meat easily in her lust-drive fog.

David was determined to bring Allison off again before she recovered from the ecstatic peak of her climax. Taking what he wanted from his animated sister's receptive snatch, the laboring teen drilled his thick shaft repeatedly into her slippery cock channel to fuck his nonresistant big sister for all he was worth.

"UNNHH...UNNHH...UNNHHH...," David forcefully pounded his stalwart cock into his staggered sister's enveloping cunt, with his grunts growing ever more pronounced with his strenuous efforts.

Allison's brother used his strong arms to push her yielding legs backward, hooking her ankles over his shoulders to grant maximum penetration for all 8" of his strident shaft.

His surrendering sister's wiggling toes pointed skyward while David pummeled her cunt with a fury, with his cum-laden balls slapping her upturned ass each time he hit bottom.

"UNGGHHH!! GONNA FUCK YOU SIS...," the young wrestler promised, the considerable muscles in his biceps straining as he hammered Allison ferociously. "GONNA FUCK YOUR BRAINS OUT...UNNHH...FUCK YOU STUPID!"

"UUNNNHHHH...YESSSSS...!!! OHHHHHH, PLEASE...FUCK ME, DAVID!" Allison wailed, her lust peaking again.

"FUCK YOUR BIG SISTER HARD!" The set-upon college girl encouraged her brother in their disgraceful incestuous coupling, screeching her own lurid desires vociferously.

"OHHH YESSS...OHHH, FUCKING YESSS...FUCK ME!!!" Allison howled, her brother's punishing cock all the brilliant coed's addled brain perceived, and the only thing that mattered.

"AWWNNNHHH...!" At that moment, David and Allison came simultaneously in a blinding jubilee of ecstatic fireworks.

Their bodies shuddered in unison, jerking wildly as one as David filled his overwhelmed sister's hungry but protected pussy full of his familial seed, pumping a river of heated cum into the very depths of her womb as it drank in his semen.

The plentiful excess of his voluminous spunk squished out the slippery seams where his pulsing shaft met her insatiable cunt.

"OHHH, MY GOD!" A caterwauling scream broke the air as the light from the hallway burst into the still-dark room as the bedroom door flew open.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING?"

END PART 05

Family Takedown 06
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. It's a fantasy. Generally, people wouldn't really act this way.

*****

KATE'S UNFORTUNATE INTERRUPTION

The light from the hallway burst into the still-dark room as the bedroom door flew open. Kathryn Thornton stood in shock, hand over her mouth in confused horror as her young son fucked her oldest daughter to what was clearly a mind-shattering orgasm.

Kate, as everyone called her, froze in place at the sight of her children. She had heard a ruckus and was concerned enough to throw on her bathrobe to check on the disturbance coming from her son's room.

When she knocked and no one answered, despite it sounding as if all hell was breaking loose inside, she broke her primary rule about her children's privacy and opened the door regardless.

She would wish she hadn't.

*****************************

Both David and Allison were rudely startled out of their ecstasy by the interruption of their mother. Rather than collapse in exhaustion, as he normally would after fucking the shit out of his big-titted older sister, David acted on survival instinct instead.

Getting caught boning Allison wasn't something he had rehearsed, or even thought about, so what happened next was simply the knee-jerk reaction of someone busted for doing something terribly wrong and acting on self-preservation...if that's what you could call it.

Subconsciously, David wasn't ready to give up the sexual nirvana between his docile sister's legs.

While Allison shrunk in mortification at their mother's discovery, regardless that she was truly an innocent victim forced into sexual servitude by her dominating brother, David wasn't so timid.

David took action.

Rising off the bed, the adroit wrestler lunged at his mother standing mortified at the doorway, too stunned to move in her defense. Grabbing Kate by the arm, David yanked her into the room and covered her mouth before she could get a word out.

"Shut up, mom!" He scowled ominously. "Just shut the fuck up and I'll explain."

Kate panicked. In all her years, she never expected to encounter such a sight.

Hyperventilating under her son's hand, she felt his nude body, especially his semi-erect cock, pressing against her thin robe as he dragged her over to the weight bench. David knew he needed to secure his mother and shut her up so he could explain.

"Allison, get to the bathroom and get a washcloth," he called to his sister, just now recovering her senses as David held their struggling mother tight.

Kate was small...really small, at 5'2" tall and no more than 105 lbs. She was easy to control despite the tremendous effort she put forth trying to break free of her muscular son's grasp. Their mother's eyes were alight with confusion as her naked daughter darted from the bed to the bathroom, returning with a washcloth.

"I'm sorry, mom, but you have to give me a chance," David implored, but without much conviction.

'Mmmuummh...mmh...,' Allison and David's mother issued muffled protests against her misguided son.

Kate wasn't looking for an explanation. Her mind was racing, consumed by the disgusting display she had just witnessed. She wasn't about to calm down.

David unclamped his mother's mouth long enough to stuff the soft cloth into her mouth and stifle her ranting. Allison, naked and afraid to cross her dictatorial brother, wisely seized the opportunity to pull the belt off her mother's robe and tie it around her mouth, effectively shutting her up.

'MMMNNPH...MUNNH...,' Kate's suppressed screams hardly escaped the cloth as she struggled, twisting and turning, and doing anything to free herself from her son's powerful grip.

That wasn't going to happen, but David decided he needed to take stronger measures until his mother ran out of steam and listened to his explanation.

It was a silly notion, of course. David knew there was no good explanation for dominating and fucking his sister, essentially turning her into his sex toy.

It was a Saturday morning and David figured his sister Brit had stayed at a friend's house, while his father was a heavy sleeper who slept late on the weekend.

David decided to take advantage of the straps and belts he had altered on his weight bench, using them to restrain his mom until she cooled down.

"Hold her legs, Allison," he barked at his sister.

David's depraved mind was already working in high gear. As he secured his mother's hands above her head, he couldn't help but notice the swell of her chest when her thin summer robe fell open, no longer secured by the belt.

*****************************

These days Kate Thornton was a socialite.

At 41-years-old, her life revolved around volunteering, tennis, shopping and drinks with the girls. Her husband George was an intellect but also a good provider, having built a world-renowned scientific consulting business - the kind that advised Presidents and business titans.

In her youth however, Kate had been an aspiring gymnast.

Her petite frame and dedication nearly led to a berth on the Olympic gymnastics team in the '92 Games. She had plenty of talent, and performed with the best of the other girls - for that's what they were, all in their mid-teens when female gymnasts peak.

Her only shortcoming was her generous bust.

Kate began to develop early and by 18, at the height of what would otherwise be her best years as a world-class gymnast, she was a good C-cup. On a girl standing barely 5' tall and weighing 80+ lbs., that was a substantial chest.

It sounds ridiculous to the uninitiated, but being so top-heavy threw off her equilibrium, and made the balance beam and other apparatus extremely difficult. She thought about breast reduction surgery, but her parents considered that too radical a step for a girl her age.

So, she never made the Olympics, but did become a top-notch collegiate athlete, where she met their father and retired to raise her family.

Now, she was at the mercy of two of the children she had raised. She couldn't help but notice they were both still completely naked, and was particularly surprised her daughter's vagina was totally devoid of hair.

Worse still, Kate experienced a distinct but gnawing discomfort at the sight of her son's thick, semi-hard cock jutting from his pelvis and dancing with each of his excited moves.

Stretching their mother's arms to tie above her head, David secured her upper body. With Allison holding her legs as she squirmed and fidgeted, he tied each at the ankle to the base of the bench.

Satisfied their mother couldn't escape, David sat down to collect himself, trying to decide what to do next while she calmed down. Judging by the violent way Kate shook her head and struggled against the bindings, he assumed that might take some time.

Allison was extremely nervous, and it showed in her terror-filled eyes, whereas David was plotting, uncertain exactly how to proceed as he improvised a way out of the jam.

Kate's robe was spread open, revealing her scant sleeping attire to the enlightened eyes of her children. She wasn't particularly modest, but never slept in the nude, so her body was covered with the light autumn evening wear appropriate for a good night's sleep.

The bewildered mother's comfortable cotton floral-patterned chemise clung tightly to her tense body, following her form with the impressive bulge on her chest sloping nicely to each side. The chemise stopped just above the waistline of her yellow daisy-flowered low-rise cotton panties, exposing a slight amount of her firm tummy.

Kate looked lovely.

'Shit, I don't have an explanation,' David recognized without too much effort pondering his hopeless situation. 'There is none. I'm dominating my older sister...using her as I please. How do I explain that?'

The sight of his mother's bedroom attire changed his focus dramatically, and David decided on another, radically more dangerous tact instead. He knew he couldn't make this illicit situation right, so he decided on a path to bring his freaked-out mother into line.

"Mom, calm down...just calm down," he said with a soothing tone. "I'll explain everything that's going on."

Tightly secured with her body completely exposed for his inspection, Kate's ample chest rose and fell with her excited breathing as she struggled helplessly against her bonds.

With no choice but to listen, David's 'explanation' didn't take quite the form she expected.

*****************************

Responding to his desperate circumstances, David's newly-awakened dominant side took control. It was an extreme gamble - crazy really, but he was betting that when all was said and done, his mother was every bit as submissive and needy as her oldest daughter.

"MMUNNGGFFHH...!" Kate's gagged cries raised an octave, and her eyes popped open in shock, as David placed his open hand squarely on her left breast over her chemise, palming it inquisitively, before giving it a light squeeze.

It felt spectacular to the testosterone-driven teenager.

His mother's tits weren't as big, or as firm, as his 19-year-old sister's large pair, but they were still good-sized and doughy. He enjoyed rolling her mound between his fingers under the thin cotton fabric, gingerly tapping against the side to test its firmness and form.

"MMAMIPP...," Kate complained, shouting his garbled name at the top of her gagged lungs.

The mature mother was appalled. Her son was feeling her up like a teenage girl at the high school prom. Her mind reeled, but with the belts holding her down, there was nothing to be done.

Having enjoyed his mother's left breast, David moved to the right as Kate struggled and Allison stood aside, naked and amazed, yet too afraid to intervene on her mother's behalf for fear her deranged brother would vent his anger in her direction.

"Mom," David then paused, summoning the words and his strength...the latter girded by his incessant lust.

"Let's not kid ourselves...there is no excuse," he halted again, and then continued with a heartfelt sincerity. "I'm fucking Allison because I like fucking her...and because I can."

Kate's eyes blinked in disbelief as if he'd just told her he was from Mars.

"At first, I thought I should make up an excuse because, well, you're my mother and that's what kids do," her deviant son stated matter-of-factly. "Instead, I've decided I don't need one."

Kate shook her head in denial, failing to comprehend his bizarre words, or not wanting to comprehend them.

"Allison may be smart...a helluva lot smarter than me," David conceded as he told his sordid tale, "but she has a body that was built to be fucked. I'm simply enlightening her to that reality, and that's not something I need to excuse."

"MMUUUMP...MNOHPH...!" Kate screamed through her binds when David's hand slid slowly from her breasts to her belly, pushing up the cloth of her chemise to just underneath the swell of her tits, but not yet exposing them to his view.

Kate squirmed, growing disconcerted as her son plied his hand across her smooth stomach.

'He's getting too close to the top of my panties,' she worried inside, 'and my...oh, please nooo...'

Kate was certain David was heading in the direction of her pussy, and the very thought of her son touching her there made her skin crawl.

'He's already groped my breasts,' she panicked. 'What's next? Would he really do that...touch me...there?'

*****************************

Allison's nipples grew unconscionably erect witnessing her brother's compelling power exercised on someone other than herself, even if it was their mother. Even through her absolute terror of her commanding little brother, she had to secretly confess it was exhilarating to watch.

'David's no brain surgeon,' she marveled with a gulp of anxiety, 'but when it comes to dominating women, he's found his calling.'

Despite having just cum, David's cock was an iron-bar in response to his control of his mother. He knew she couldn't do anything to prevent him from doing as he pleased, and that turned him on immensely.

'If I can break mom like I did Allison,' the delinquent college freshman perversely reasoned while making the fateful decision to do just that, 'I'd have two fuck dolls at my beck and call.'

David suddenly rose and disappeared into the bathroom.

When he left, it gave Kate a moment of hope her fears were wrong, and that he was coming to his senses. Looking at Allison, she nodded with an expression of hope her daughter would come to her rescue.

That hope was quickly squashed when her meek daughter lowered her gaze to the floor signaling her utter fear of David's wrath when he returned with the scissors. Kate didn't expect what came next.

*****************************

"I hope these weren't too expensive, mom," David said with feigned regret.

"DMMMID...MMMID...DMMMN MOOUUU!" Kate screamed into the washcloth, looking down her torso frantically as her son placed the cold steel of the scissors against her belly.

With a smooth hand, the disrespectful young man worked the shears up the chemise in a seamless motion, cleaving the fabric in its path until they completed their journey at the low-cut neckline.

For a moment, David patiently left the cloth panels in place over her chest, snipping away the left shoulder strap, and then the right.

Then, with bated breath but little ceremony, the deliberate young man fastidiously peeled away the light cotton fabric, revealing for the first time his mother's delightfully heaving bosom. David simply stared in admiration at his mother's naked breasts.

"Oh, these are nice," he inappropriately appraised, excitedly turning to Allison to seek her approval. "Can you see these tits, sis?"

At his beckoning, Allison peeked as well, uncertain and awestruck, but too frightened to not obey her easily-angered brother.

"I mean, they aren't as big as your huge melons, Allie," David commented coarsely, following with a chuckle, "but then, not many are, if you know what I mean."

"Still, they're impressive anyway. They're so pale and smooth, and look at the way they jostle when she breathes," he pointed out didactically. "I really like the way they slope to each side.

To Kate's horrified alarm, David palmed her pearly white left tit while talking about her anatomy like an academic to a class of students. The warmth of his skin did nothing to assuage her disgust with the familiarity of her immoral son's groping of her pillowy breast.

"Her nipples are as big though...but maybe a little darker that you," he continued his discourse, then added another demeaning observation about mother and daughter. "They're soft too...you know, flat. They don't get hard as easily as your stiff nubs."

Allison shrank from the intimate comparison of her physical attributes with those of her mother. She was humiliated, but knew her mother must be under tremendous emotional duress. It was a position Allison had found herself in virtually every day since falling prey to her brother's sick desires.

"Mmumphh...," Kate whimpered into the cloth when David took the tip of her dark rose nipple between his thumb and forefinger to gently squeeze, determined to see what it took to make his mother's nipples become erect.

Kate's level of revulsion was so high she didn't think she could get aroused, despite whatever sexual torment her cruel son subjected her to. She was as surprised as David when the fleshy bud tightened as he leisurely tugged.

"Here they come!" David exclaimed with delight after dropping his other hand on her right breast to extract the same response as that dense nipple crinkled just like the left.

"You like that, huh mom?" The awful youngster inquired indiscreetly. It was a rhetorical question, considering her gagged condition, but didn't stop Kate from vigorously shaking her head.

Internally, Kate was in hell, disturbed her sensitive buds had contracted under the perverse pawing of her son, who merrily prolonged the soft pinching and twisting of her stiff nipples even after achieving his objective.

"Well, I think I'll have time to play with these more later," he promised confidently, before leaning in and running the flat of his wet tongue lovingly over first the right, and then the left, hard nipple.

"MAAMIDF!" Kate cried her objection to his intimate licking, jerking in her bonds with a chill running through her body at the touch of his tactile skin across the tips of her tender breasts.

"SNNNUGGH..." an involuntary gasp snorted from her nose, and goosebumps spontaneously arose over the supple pale flesh.

"Onward then," David merely replied.

*****************************

Unstrapping the belts binding them, David grabbed Kate's kicking legs and yanked her towards him, parking her tail bone at the end of the bench before retying them. His mother's arms were still outstretched above her head, but the tension wasn't so bad as to cause her pain.

'MMMGGH...UNGPH...,' Kate yelped a stifled protest, lacking the leverage needed to do any damage as she furiously tried to connect one of her feet with her son to keep him away.

David joyfully caught the momentary look of confusion in Kate's lingering pause when her wild eyes briefly landed on the rigid form of his raging cock, now fully erect under the influence of his undeniably erotic undressing of his trapped mother.

'This might be easier than I thought,' the pleased teenager wondered, perhaps catching a sense of hidden need as she set her wandering eyes on his impressive tool for just a touch longer than necessary.

"Okay...looks good," David gave an approving nod after checking his handiwork.

"You look glorious, mom," he complimented Kate with inappropriately disquieting praise.

Studying his anguished mother as she fought her bonds on the bench, the crazed youth left her robe open to fully reveal her plump, sloping tits for his pleasure.

Of most interest to David though, was his captive mother's vulnerable pussy, now protected only by the thin cotton fabric of her yellow daisy panties. The cloth was pulled so tightly against the drawn flesh of her snatch it outlined the intimate ridges of the puffy labia framing the entrance to her sex.

"I'm sorry, mom, but this is too good to pass up," David acknowledged.

The oppressive teen simply couldn't wait another moment for the final unveiling of his mother's mature snatch, unable to resist the unmentionable presentation wiggling before his animated eyes.

Drawn to the rise of her curved mound, the absence of stray pubic hairs peeking from the sides hinted at the prospect his pathologically tidy mother was trimmed between her legs.

Kneeling to her side, David looked his horrified mother in her frightened eyes as he foretold her fate.

"I know this is wrong, mom, and you'll probably hate it," her lust-smitten son confessed, "but if you're anything like Allison, eventually you're going to love it."

"MUNNOOPH...!!" Kate raised her head as best she could, emitting a gagged wail as her son firmly placed his hand on the crest of her panty-clad pussy mound to smoothly rub across its surface with unsuitable familiarity.

"MAAHHH...MOOO...MABIPH...!" She yelped her grief as he inquisitively dropped his hand lower to pass his fingertips over the contour of her cunt lips.

David wasn't shy about exploring the spongy ridges impressed against the light cotton panel of her cute daisy panties, and next slid all the way down until his middle finger grazed along the crease of her clenching ass crack.

"AAAGGGGUUUFF...," Kate groaned in misery. Her baby son was rubbing her pussy, and she couldn't do anything to stop it.

"I think she must trim, Allison," David remarked with gratification, turning to where his paralyzed sister remained frozen, naked and scared. "I doubt she's bald though, like you."

"Allison shaves her pussy bald for me, mom," the lewd collegian expanded unnecessarily on his usually modest sister's feminine grooming practices, to the embarrassment of both Allison and their mother.

David wanted to give his mother a taste of his power to control his sister, suggesting the possibility he intended to control her in the same manner. It served the purpose of explaining to Kate why her smart, but previously asexual daughter was behaving like a compliant sex toy to her younger brother.

"Sometimes I do it," he offered with a smile. "I told her to keep it that way and she does, isn't that right, Allie?"

"Yes," Allison sheepishly answered, her eyes on the floor. Her normally pale skin was beet red.

David casually ran his hand over the full surface of his mother's covered vagina as he spoke to the distressed woman, who struggled to accept the notion of such personal contact of her private parts by her son.

"This is nice...round and soft," he commented with disarming casualness. "Maybe I won't shave your pussy, mom."

A chill ran up Kate's spine at the awful thought of her wayward teenage son between her spread thighs, shaving her most intimate of female places, but the tremor was quickly overwhelmed with his next statement.

"Okay, I don't see any reason to wait any longer for the unveiling, do you Allison?" He asked nonchalantly.

His shamed sister simply shook her head.

"Good, then let's get on with it," he smiled and keenly raised his eyebrows. "That okay with you, mom?"

"MMNNUOOPHHH...!" Kate bellowed into the muting cloth, jerking her hips and lurching against the restraints as best she could.

"MAWWIDD...OWWN'T OUU ARRE!" David's mother screamed invective at her misbehaving son, but it was gobbled up in the plush, soft and somewhat soggy washcloth gag.

"Stop moving, mom," her remorseless son warned. "I don't want to accidentally cut you anywhere sensitive."

Carefully lifting the front panel on the right side, David easily snipped through the light cloth, revealing a hint of what lay beneath as some scraggly light brown hairs came into view. Without pause, he repeated the procedure on the left side.

As he had with her chemise, with surprisingly little ceremony one might expect of a demented teenager revealing his pretty mother's pussy for the first time, David eased the ruined cloth panel off her mound.

"Ta...da...!" The mischievous teenager exclaimed while swiftly yanking the back panel from underneath her bottom with a quick tug like a magician removing the white linen from under a fully set table.

"MMUUNNOOOO...!!" Kate shrieked in despair.

*****************************

David's calm demeanor belied the rush of adrenaline racing through his body as he saw his 41-year-old mother's pussy in the flesh for the first time. Well, mostly in the flesh, as true to his suspicions, her mound was covered with a cleanly-trimmed triangle of light brown hair.

David, and Brit for that fact, took their coloring and many physical characteristics from their mother's side, including the sandy brown hair on their heads and apparently, on their private parts.

Kate's trim was different than some the curious youngster had seen on nudie websites, as it wasn't just well-kempt at the edges and around the opening of her slit, but was also clipped short. Not spikey, but just enough to lay down a little to give the hedgerow an even-sheared look.

David was deliberate and methodical in disrobing Kate. Despite the fact he was making it all up as he went, he was inspired by the degeneracy of the act.

As he had with Allison, the deviant wrestler got off on watching his mother fight, realizing it made her so much sexier to subdue. He had an idea involving retying her legs, so that's what he decided to do.

Loosening her petite ankles one at a time, David pulled them up and far back to hook into what amounted to stirrups, but were really just weight belts strapped to the arm bar above the bench.

This position let him adjust the length of the belts, arranging them to restrain her legs until her feet were nearly halfway to her head and her ass hung on the precipice of the bench seat.

"MMMNNNPPFFHH...UNNNGHH...," Kate complained vehemently into her washcloth gag.

David's developing plot took an even more subversive turn when he strode to the upright handles supporting the belts and shifted them to the outward extremes of the crossbar, effectively spreading his mother's legs wide.

This awkward position placed her vulnerable pussy in ready access for anything David devised. The flexibility Kate retained as a former gymnast ensured she had no difficulty achieving such a severe position.

"MAMIP...MUPFF...," Kate shouted her anger at the top of her strangled vocal cords.

Kate was now totally defenseless, her arms tied above her head, and her legs bound and useless. She had no way to rebuff her son's evil intentions.

With her legs wide apart, Kate could do nothing to block his view. She even caught her daughter spying the love nest between her splayed thighs...a startling event since she didn't expect Allison to have any interest.

"Wow, this is pretty!" David admired his mother's naked snatch with a certain awe.

It was tiny, almost dainty, reflecting her overall diminutive stature, and formed a lovely vee. Seeking a better angle, he moved directly between her open thighs.

'Ohhh, my god, he's staring right at my pussy,' Kate moaned inside as her worst nightmare came to life at the hands of her son, who kneeled to place his face only inches from her womanhood for a close-up inspection.

"What great pussy lips," he appraised her personal anatomy as a jeweler would a diamond. "Firm, nice and pink, but not too floppy."

"All the MILF's in the videos have nasty, ragged cunt lips," he remarked crudely to his mother's utter shock.

"You know what a MILF is, right mom?" David decided to play with his mother's mind as well as her body, planting the seed of concern as to his detestable future plans.

Kate could only stare at her callous son quizzically.

"Mother I'd Like to Fuck!" David proudly announced with a smirk and a wink.

Kate's stomach figuratively dropped and her worried expression spoke to her horror at such an idea as her eyes closed in despair.

The youthful, almost pristine appearance of her pussy made David's mother seem more pure...cleaner than the sluts in the movies. It only served to foster his interest and heighten the pedestal where all sons place their mothers, although generally in a more innocent context.

Kate's delicate slit was parted, unlike Allison's sealed pink peach, but was relatively smooth and unspoiled for a woman who had borne three kids.

Also unlike Allison, who dampened easily with only minimal contact from her brother's hand, his mother's vagina showed no signs of moisture at all. Rather, her pussy lips were soft but dry, giving no indication of responding in any way to the impermissible touching of her cunt over her panties moments earlier.

David was determined to change that, intending to lower his mother to the same level of sexual servitude to which Allison had descended.

'If she won't get wet by my hand, I'll take a more direct approach,' her deviant teenage son decided.

Drawing his face nearer until he was close enough for Kate to feel his warm breath on her perceptive gash, David needed merely to stick out his tongue to trail the saliva-coated tip through the unprotected cleft of his mother's forbidden snatch.

Starting at the base, the depraved young man leisurely drew the probing tip along the fleshy fissure all the way to the top, sliding deliberately over her hidden clitoris.

"OWWH...EMMEEH...AWWD! UWOO!" Kate screamed at the top of her lungs. The cloth muffled her words, but not her horror and angst at the illicit tonguing of her pussy by her perverted son.

Kate went berserk, applying all her considerable strength to her bindings, bucking her hips mightily and pulling vigorously at her arm restraints. Her head raised sharply with her crazed eyes alight in shock and disgust.

David simply clamped down on Kate's strong hips, overpowering her lower body with his arms, and holding her sufficiently in place to complete his task.

'Mmmmm...,' David hummed, luxuriating in the taste of his mother's pussy, even if she was not yet flowing with arousal.

Languidly, the fractious college wrestler repeated his draw up and down his immobilized mother's parting chasm, pushing in slightly deeper with each pass, while extending his path to ultimately encircle her entire vulva.

It was the most unbelievable thing he had ever done, even after breaking his sister and fucking her as he desired.

David could have stayed between his mother's squirming hips forever, working to build her rueful desire as he ate her cunt to orgasm...an act he became more convinced he could accomplish.

"That's sweet, mom," David critiqued, eventually forcing himself to back off from between her splayed legs. The idea for the moment was to get his mother wet, not off...at least not yet.

"A touch acidic," he added wickedly, "...but I'll bet when your juices really get flowing your cunt tastes delicious."

It was a scandalous thing for a son to say to his mother.

Kate, relieved that her son had stopped licking so intimately between her thighs, simply closed her sad eyes at the words. Moisture formed as she couldn't stop the tears from flowing in response to her son's demeaning prediction.

*****************************

Unexpectedly, David decided to enlist the aid of his sister to build his mother's sexual excitement and make her susceptible pussy soaked and steamy hot with her lubricating fluids. He didn't expect Allison to do it freely, but that was okay with him, as it only added to the spectacle.

David also knew he'd need to restrain his mother further for the next step in his emerging Sapphic tableau for Kate and his sister. Standing excitedly to his full yet short height, the teen's stiff cock stood fiercely at attention in full view of the terrified eyes of his mother as he worked his plan.

Taking jump ropes he used for skipping in his training regimen, David tightly secured his mother's hips to the bench, certain to tie them very tight with multiple knots. A repeat bucking performance would hamper his plan, throwing his less muscular sister from their mother's combative pelvis.

"Allison, seriously, mom's pussy tastes every bit as nice as your savory little snatch," the demented young stallion rudely embarrassed his older sister again. "You should try it."

Now, it was Allison's turn to squirm as her brother made clear his intention for her to eat their captive mother's warming twat.

She wished she could leave the room, but was afraid of her powerful brother, so simply stood nude by the bed where David had fucked her to an awe-inspiring orgasm only moments earlier.

"No, Allison, I mean it," David snarled when she didn't move. "You should taste mom's pussy...NOW!"

The fear fled from Allison's mind, instantly replaced with dread. She looked at her mother, held within her bindings and unable to stop this madness.

'NO!' Kate shook her head frantically, as stunned and disturbed by the order as her daughter.

'Oh, my god, I don't think I can do that,' Allison doubted her capacity to perform the unspeakable act, boldly gathering herself for an act of open defiance to her dominating little brother. 'I have to be strong.'

"DAVID...NOOO! SHE'S OUR MOTHER! I CAN'T DO THAT...NO WAY!" Allison protested loudly, finding strength in the tears wetting her blue eyes at the unsettling thought of tasting her loving mother's exposed vagina.

Allison gave it her best insistent voice, not wanting to beg, and hoping if she just once took a stand her brother would back down from his unthinkable demand.

In her heart, she knew better. David only kept getting stronger, while her resolve kept getting weaker.

David was prepared for his unconvincing sister's initial refusal. He was asking for an unthinkable act, and he had seen Allison's feeble resistance before. The young tyrant knew exactly how to deal with it.

Springing towards his compromised and weakened sister, he grabbed her curly mane of hair.

'SLAP!' A modest smack by her degenerate son to her brave daughter's cheek told Kate all she needed to know about David's control of his sister.

Kate watched sorrowfully from her captivity as her autocratic son easily overcame Allison's admirable refusal by dropping her reeling daughter to her knees between her wide-spread legs.

"Go ahead, Allison," he ordered formidably, "...taste mom's pussy...taste it really well."

Allison was lost in a whirlpool of confusion and despair. She stared through bleary eyes at the intimate detail of her mother's vagina she was never meant to see.

She didn't know what to do. Prior to this morning, she had never even had her own pussy licked, yet alone licking someone else...and certainly not to her own mother!

David sensed his dazed sister's reticence and edged her head forward from behind, inching her ever closer to contact with the glistening opening of Kate's forbidden twat.

'I can't...I can't do it...,' the constant refrain rolled through Allison's distraught mind.

Unfortunately, her apprehension of performing the disturbing act of eating her bound mother's pussy was unable to stop her strong brother from moving her forward until her full lips brushed the splayed labia.

"Mmmmpphh...," Kate's muffled sigh signaled her distress at the initial contact of her unwilling daughter.

Allison simply closed her eyes in a mix of heartache and revulsion.

"It's simple, Allison. Do for mom, what I did for you," David tried to persuade his sister, but she wasn't buying.

Allison wasn't a lesbian, although some folks at school thought so because she never dated anyone at the male-dominated university. Even if she had been, she didn't want to perform this unconscionable act on her mother.

Nonetheless, too frightened of the consequences, she didn't resist further.

Pressing her quivering mouth lightly against her mother's hewed slit, the dominated college student eventually slipped her wet tongue from between her trembling lips to taste the rubbery petals of her mother's taboo pussy.

'Blagh...,' Allison gagged with the taste of David's saliva, as her traumatized mother had yet to produce her own wetness, despite the attention of her son's mouth.

"Mmmwwnooowwhhh...!" Kate protested vociferously behind her gag.

Her objection now lacked the vehemence expressed when David was tonguing her pussy. Kate knew her daughter didn't want to perform this horrid act, and the family matron was also tiring from straining against the binds holding her physically subdued.

New to cunnilingus, Allison did the only thing she could think of, tracing the tip of her tongue along the line up her mother's riven crease, before haltingly working back down. Uncertain if that was okay, or exactly how to proceed, her brother eagerly jumped in with some unseemly, but helpful advice.

"Do what you'd want me to do, Allison," her novice younger brother suggested, and then added openly his repugnant goal. "Do what you think would make you cum...what will make mom cum."

Both Allison and Kate froze in place at the awful command.

"Do you hear me, Allison? Make mom cum," David concluded, flatly stating his intent for his sister's first foray into eating pussy.

"OHHH...PLEASE...," his tormented sister wailed, hearing the words reaffirming what she already regrettably knew...her warped brother wanted her to eat their mother to an orgasm.

Monumentally disturbed and upset, Allison was nonetheless more afraid of disappointing David than of performing the disgraceful act. With no real choice, she imprudently decided to give her mother the best climax she could manage.

'Slepp...mumph...slumpf...,' the smack of the young girl's lips filled the room as she returned her mouth to her restrained mother's defenseless pussy and ramped up her efforts.

Allison ran her tongue with purpose up and down the length of Kate's separated cunt lips. She felt the petals swell as the blood flowed and her mother's unwanted excitement rose against her will.

Allison closed her eyes, pretending unsuccessfully it was some other woman's cunt she was eating...any woman other than her mother. The short hairs on Kate's mound tickled Allison's nose, but she persisted.

'Huh...muuh...huuuh...,' her mother's breathing deepened, and Allison sensed Kate's pelvis roll slightly in response to her efforts.

Wanted or not, David's astute sister knew from her own limited experience it had to feel good.

Allison's intuition was confirmed when she tasted a modest flow of the salty-sweet fluid from her mother's stimulated pussy as it began to mix with the exploring girl's saliva.

Encouraged by her success, Allison heightened her efforts, delicately dipping her curled tongue into the dark abyss of Kate's slickening fuck channel.

The reluctant 19-year-old was uncertain and tentative at first, but grew increasingly bold as her mother wiggled under the intrusion. A quick study, Allison soon explored more deeply, worming her tongue into the soft folds and warm crevices of her mother's awakening cunt.

"Mmmm...mmmphh," the gentle reaction from her mother indicated the effectiveness of her technique. Kate desperately fought the notion it was her oldest daughter providing the pleasant stimulus.

Now committed to her awful course, Allison tirelessly worked her wavering mother to a point of escalating desire, even while combating her own desire to quit.

In her rising ardor, the voluptuous coed incidentally ran her tongue over her mother's sensitive clitoris as the tender pearl peeked from beneath its fleshy sheath.

"Mmmunnnppphhhff...," Kate let out a reflexive moan.

That was the sign David wanted. Kate's scheming son figured his faltering mother was deep enough in her growing lust, and that it was time for the next step in her descent...despite the risk of his plan collapsing.

*****************************

Strolling calmly to Kate, the 18-year-old tormentor paused to observe her tortured face. Her anguished eyes were shooting darts at her evil son, but sweat was developing on her brow.

David discerningly understood his mother was succumbing to her daughter's tongue, so deftly tugged the slobbery wash cloth from Kate's mouth.

"HUUHHH...!" Caught off-guard, Kate stretched her jaw and drew a deep gasp of air before realizing she could speak between angry, ragged breaths.

"DAMN YOU...DAMN YOU, DAVID! WHAT ARE...OHHH...WHY?" The distraught mother lit into her only son, before pausing to gather herself from her bewildered mental state.

'Mmpph...sluph...smk...,' Allison continued to work her tongue over her mother's appreciative clit, now fully extended in search of maximum contact with the teasing appendage.

"UMMM...UHH...," Kate sighed as her diligent daughter slathered all around the electrified nub with the flat of her tongue, generating subtly intense spasms from Kate's pelvis as the wet surface coated her sex button.

Intuitively, Allison peppered her mother's agitated clit with staccato pokes, igniting sparks of pleasure pulsing through Kate's torso and down to her curling toes, before backing off again to swirl the tip over and around the greedy bud.

"OHHHHH...NOOO, ALLIE...DON'T...," the laboring wife and mother groaned her plea for respite from her oldest daughter's persistent efforts.

Allison was merely doing as ordered...simply doing what she would like herself, but with an expertise she had no idea she possessed.

"OOOHHHHH...DAVID...! I CAN'T BELIEVE...UUNHHH...," Kate renewed her rant at the top of her lungs, interrupted by frequent gasps of arousal at her daughter's badgering tongue, "...BELIEVE YOU WOULD DO THIS... AWWHHH...TO YOUR OWN SISTER! OOOHHHHH...TO YOUR OWN MOTHER!"

Kate's voice was loud, but her interceding groans were low and throaty, balancing her rage against the rising tide Allison generated between her thighs, and unable to resist the skillful manner her inexperienced daughter toyed with her hyper-charged clitoris.

'Interesting,' David thought, noting Kate's easy susceptibility to her daughter's tongue, and making him wonder about his mother and her sexuality.

'I'll need to explore that later,' he decided, putting the lurid notion on the back-burner for the moment.

For now, his mother's protests were just what David wanted, with her vitriol mollified only by her growing need.

When he heard footsteps down the hall, the calculating young man knew he was successful in initiating the next step of his spontaneously-forming design. As David's improvised plan developed, he correctly determined that when the time was right, his father would come to his mother's rescue.

END PART 06

Family Takedown 07
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. It's a fantasy. Hopefully, people wouldn't really act this way.

*****

DAD DROPS IN AND HANGS AROUND

It was just past eight in the morning when George Thornton heard his wife's cry from somewhere in the house.

Bolting from bed, he quickly determined her screams were coming from David's room. In only his pajama bottoms, he raced to where the sounds emanated.

By this point, David had decided a submissive strain ran throughout his family.

His dad was an academic, brainy but weak. He suspected he could dominate his father just as easily as he did his older sister...and now his mother, although he was still working on that part of his plan.

The 18-year-old deviant wasn't sure about his twin sister Brit, who took after her brother in looks and temperament, but he'd take it one step at a time. He could worry about her later.

George burst through the bedroom door, unready to handle the vision meeting his eyes. David expected to find out if his suspicions about George's lack of backbone were correct.

"WHAT?!!" George marveled as much as yelled. David's father was stunned into inaction with what he saw.

Not a few feet away, his wife of 20-plus years was tied-down naked - her body draped with only the remnants of her bathrobe. More remarkably, her flexible legs were trussed in the air with her bare feet pointing to the ceiling.

That was just a predicate for the inconceivable picture of their brilliant 19-year-old daughter, also naked, on her knees with her face buried between her mother's legs, eating his unwilling wife's responsive cunt as Kate writhed involuntarily to the varied ministrations of Allison's adroit tongue.

"OH, THANK GOD!" Kate exalted in her relief. "GEORGE...OOHHHH...IT'S DAVID..."

The appearance of her husband raised an expression of hope that filled Kate's relieved eyes, even as her daughter continued to provoke bolts of pleasure throughout her erotically-charged pussy.

'BAMMM...!'

"UUGGGH...," George groaned.

No sooner had the words left Kate Thornton's lips than her husband dropped to his knees, gasping for breath from the blow to the stomach from his son, knocking out his air and leaving him searching for his breath.

David had the advantage and he wasn't going to waste it, smacking his dad on the back of the head with his open palm causing George to crumple to the floor on all fours.

Allison caught the commotion out of her peripheral vision but decided it was best to remain servicing her mother's inflamed cunt, with her labia now fully engorged and her fuck hole emitting a generous flow of dewy liquid.

"HUHH...UHH...HOOH...," Kate's breathing deepened.

Allison suspected her mother was getting close to total surrender to her impending climax, and Allison didn't want to be perceived by her troublesome brother as the cause of any failure.

Disappointment overcame Kate's face as George fell, concerned as her husband struggled to get up on hands and knees to catch his breath. Yet, even then, she continued to endure the ongoing torment of her clit by her subservient daughter.

"OHHH...OHHH...SWEETIE...NOOO...," Kate cooed unconvincingly.

Taking advantage of his father's short-term disorientation, David swiftly attached a pair of padded handcuffs to his left and right wrists. He had purchased the cuffs online in the last week for use on Allison, but figured they would work just fine for his present purposes.

"C'mon dad, upsy-daisy," David instructed George, his powerful arms dragging his lightweight father upright to attach the other end of the cuffs to the pull-up bar affixed to his bedroom door as it had been for years.

In this manner, his gasping dad was immobilized - perfectly positioned to witness the downfall and submission of his wife, his daughter, and ultimately himself.

"What the hell are you doing, David?" George immediately demanded an explanation, hanging weak-kneed as he regained his senses. "You can't do this to your mother? What have you done to Allison?"

"Allie, sweetheart, you can't do...," George started to tell his strangely-acting daughter when David cut off his dad's diatribe with a star-inducing slap to the side of the head.

"JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP AND WATCH, DAD!" He glowered. "THAT'LL EXPLAIN EVERYTHING."

"OHHHHH...ALLIE...UNNHH...NOOO...TOO MUCH!" George's loving wife moaned her growing ecstatic collapse under the diligent tongue-work of her dedicated daughter.

Kate was losing it to Allison's relentless attack on her mother's achingly needy clit, now swollen and hyper-sensitized to each tantalizing touch.

Sensing her mother's oncoming orgasm, Allison aggressively switched to dipping her curled tongue deep into the soaking cavern of Kate's pussy channel, determined to investigate every corner and fold of the heated chamber.

"AAAHHHHH...OOHHH MMYYYY...OHH ALLIE, THERE...UUUNNNNHHHHH...LIKE THAT...," Kate stammered her need, no longer able to look at her husband, and lost in her own sexual haze as Allison worked her magic.

Improvising on his demented plan, without warning, David pulled his hard-working sister suddenly away from his mother's soaking wet gash.

With Kate so desperately close to her peak under the lapping tongue of her daughter, it caused a start in the stressed matriarch.

"OHH...WHA...UNN! NOOOOO...," his mother unthinkingly begged for the return of Allison's able tongue.

"You want it don't you, mom? You want Allison to finish you, right?" David cruelly tortured his mother, building her unnatural but fervent need, then pulling away the source of her pleasure just before the moment of release.

"You want Allison to continue, isn't that right?" The disturbed young man cajoled. "You want your daughter to eat your pussy, don't you?"

"OHH, DAVID...PLEASE? JUST LET HER...," Kate cried.

"Just let her what, mom?" David asked tauntingly. "Finish you? Make you cum?"

"OOHHHH! JUST LET ALLISON...AAHHH...EAT ME...PLEASE!" Kate confessed shamefully, hoping that stating her need in the manner suggested by her son might be enough to placate his evil intent.

She quickly found out she was wrong.

"She's doing a good job, isn't she?" David didn't really expect an answer to this question, but he did to his next.

"This isn't the first time, is it mom?"

"WHAT? HUH?" Kate wondered, nervously.

"It's not the first time a woman has eaten your pussy, is it?" David brazenly asked.

'Did he know about June? How could he?' Kate was alarmed by his inquisition.

The distraught woman couldn't understand what inspired the question. Still, missing her daughter's lively tonguing of her hungry little button, she grew hysterical, hoping for its return.

"Ohhh, don't, David," she pleaded, "...it's not right."

"It seems like you took to Allison's tongue pretty quickly," he prodded. "Kinda like this wasn't the first time a woman has been between your legs."

George's ears perked up at the insinuation by his son.

The few times he thought about what his wife did when he was on one of his frequent business trips, it occurred to him she may have had an affair or two, but never with a woman. He always assumed it was with a man...to make up for his 'shortcomings.'

It was the reason he never sought the painful truth.

"Who is it, mom...Mrs. Rutherford?" David pressed. "Tell me, and I promise I'll let you cum."

David was really playing with his mother.

He wasn't certain, but thought she had become particularly close with June Rutherford over the last few years; even staying the night at her house on a few occasions under the guise of having too much to drink to drive home.

Like his own dad, Mrs. Rutherford's husband Jim travelled frequently, leaving the attractive redheaded wife and mother on her own with her two teenage daughters.

June was many things his mother wasn't - tall, full-bodied and every bit the beauty queen, with a shapely form and chiseled facial features. Not that his petite mother had anything to be ashamed of, with her sizable tits and the curve of her hips.

Opposites do attract.

Guessing his mother was worked up enough to reveal any secret to get her needed release, David thought this was a good opportunity for 'true confessions.'

"Please David, don't make me," Kate pleaded. "You got me...unnhhh...started, please, finish me!"

"I will, mom, I promise," David responded sympathetically. "All you need to do is tell me if you and one of your girlfriends has been spending time between each other's legs."

David was so callous, so crudely matter-of-fact in his steadfast inquisition of his mother in return for the promise of renewed stimulus for her starved clitoris.

"Ohhh..." Kate finally broke, knowing her son would stand firm in his refusal otherwise. The defeated mother whimpered tears of both shame and need rolling down the side of as she blurted out the truth.

"Yes. June and I...unhhh...have been close...intimate," she admitted, avoiding her son and looking instead at her bound husband for forgiveness.

"I'm sorry, George."

"You mean you've eaten each other's pussies?" David asked brutally.

The Thornton's terrorizing son couldn't be more excited at the image in his head of the two domestic housewives locked in intimate Sapphic embrace.

Lesbian porn was one of his favorite genres. It showed in his wild grin and his iron-bar cock as he continued his excruciatingly personal examination.

"Have you 69'd with her?"

Kate gave in to her guilt and the urgency of her unattended cunt, haltingly admitting to the reciprocal lesbian act with her girlfriend in the detail she knew her son wanted.

"Yes, I ate her pussy...and she ate mine," his despairing mother gave more than he asked, hoping to end her humiliation as soon as possible and return her daughter's attention to her longing cunt.

"We 69'd...and..." she hesitated before adding, "and she uses a strap-on because...ohh please, I'm sorry George...because she knows I sometimes need a big cock."

Her husband's head dropped in knowing recognition of her unmet needs.

"There now, that wasn't so bad," David placated his mother.

"Frankly, I'm jealous. Mrs. Rutherford is pretty. I'd want to eat her pussy too," David remarked, his tone inappropriately magnanimous.

"Maybe we can work on that later," he added as an ominous afterthought. His words were anything but, injecting his own desires for the mid-40's mother of two.

"Now, where were we?" David queried.

"Oh yes, Allison, go over to dad" he instructed. "Undo his drawstring and drop his pants. I want to confirm a suspicion."

"WAIT...UHH...WHAT ABOUT ME?" Kate cried aloud, afraid her son would not fulfill his promise.

Allison was as confused as anyone in the room. She had been reluctantly but diligently eating her mother's heated cunt the best she knew how, distastefully swallowing her mother's juices as they flowed into her mouth and over her chin, only to be redirected towards their captive dad.

Disconsolate, approaching her dear father while stripped completely naked, Allison suddenly very self-conscious about her cleanly-shaved pussy and the size of her tits as they swayed when she walked.

She became especially aware of her fully erect nipples in the warm room, the swollen nubs shamefully apparent after burying her face into her mother's sopping twat.

Avoiding her father's eyes, Allison uncomfortably reached for his waistline and pulled the cord holding up his pajama bottoms. Loosened, they fell in a heap to the ground revealing her father's shriveled little penis, hanging soft under a curly fluff of salt and pepper pubic hair.

"Ohhh! Ummm...daddy!" Allison's hand raced to her mouth hoping to stifle a giggle so as not to embarrass her father over the exposure of his small flaccid tool. "I'm sorry."

As his father watched with a doleful expression, David stood by his mother and gently reached between her thighs to delicately stroke her yearning clitoris, wishing to keep her on the edge and desperate for completion.

"Ohhh...please David," Kate begged, "...let your father finish me."

"Hell, no," David scowled. "What fun would that be?"

"Then...let Allie," the trapped woman asked meekly in shamed acquiesence to her need. "Please?"

His mother's unlikely request would have been unthinkable just thirty minutes ago. Now, her loving daughter's tongue seemed desirable to the panting woman.

David ignored her request, focusing instead on his disgraced father's pitiful plight.

"That's kind of what I figured," David scoffed. "Not packing much of a punch, right dad? Not quite as impressive as your son, huh?"

David gleefully insulted his father, not because he held any disdain for the man, but because his intent was to diminish him before his wife and daughter. He expected that emphasizing how much his own manhood dwarfed his father's inadequate prick was one step in that direction.

Kate's admission that her friend June fucked her with a large strap-on dildo to fulfill her unmet need for a 'real' cock was another. David intended to demonstrate this point to his father, using his own wife's needs against him.

"Mmmnn...unnhh...ohhh, please...finish me...," Kate's mewling notes of lust returned despite her preference for Allison's shameful tonguing.

Her heartless son merely continued to tease her palpitating cunt with his fingers, grazing her throbbing clit and worse, trailing across the entrance to her pussy without pushing in to leavie her badly in need of penetration, just as David intended.

"Isn't that nice, mom?" David noted the sweat on his mother's brow and the way her sloping tits, now covered with their own sheen of perspiration, rose and fell with each breath she inhaled.

"Wouldn't you like a nice hard cock to take you where you need to go?" David taunted wickedly. "Wouldn't you like something big for a change, instead of that little penis of dad's you've had all these years?"

"Noooo...uummmm...," Kate's mind was conflicted and her voice wavering as her son toyed with her hungry pussy.

David words inadvertently drew his mother's attention once again to his own hard cock, eight inches of solid meat pointing straight out from his midsection.

It may have been wishful thinking, but he sensed longing in her eyes when she didn't turn away immediately, instead holding it in her steady gaze.

"You like what you see, don't you? You like my big cock, right? You know it's just what you need. What you want?" David tormented Kate. "All you have to do is ask, mom, and it's yours."

"Ohhh, nooooo...," his mother gasped and nearly fainted at the implications of her son's obscene offer. He was suggesting incest - plain and simple. It was the most deviant of taboos.

Even Allison, profanely experienced with the unwanted but inescapably lust-inducing power of her brother's mighty tool, stood stunned next to her father.

George couldn't hide his contempt watching his son's perverse advance on his wife, but fear kept him silent, along with the first tingling sensation of his own miniscule prick coming to life at the lewd display.

"Ohh, David...please stop. This is so wrong. You shouldn't...aahhh...do this to your...uunnnh...mother," Kate whimpered her protest, certain of her need and questioning her resolve to resist accepting the evil offer.

David was implacable. He knew he had her if he pressed forward...he just needed to convince her of the same.

"Fine, I can stop. Just like this," David cautioned, quickly removing his hand from her overheated cunt. "Here, I'll even let your legs down."

True to his word, David undid his mother's drawn legs...a welcome change as the blood was draining from her feet, and leaving her toes numb. The upright position was becoming uncomfortable, even for his flexible mother.

"OHH...NOOOO! OHHHH, PLEASE DAVID...AT LEAST GET ME OFF!" There was real desperation in his mother's voice as she pleaded with her cruel son. "ALLIE MADE ME...UUUHHHH...SO HOT. I JUST NEED TO CUM!"

David was enjoying his power - his nude mother was begging, and his equally nude, frightened sister was confused. Now, his father was cowed, but clearly aroused as his small penis stood stiff with excitement.

"I'm sure dad could do it, right? You know, make you cum?" David condescendingly turned to where his father hung motionless, ridiculing George with what he saw.

"Well, well, it looks like your naughty relationship with Mrs. Rutherford got dad's tiny dick hard," David said with a hint of satisfaction. "Or maybe it's having Allison's naked body so close, and seeing his buxom daughter's hands almost touch him when she took off his pants."

"Why, that pencil-dick is maybe all of five inches," David chided his mother. "I'm sure you've figured out a way to get off on that little thing by now."

George was humiliated by his son's condescension. It was true his slight penis had become steel-hard watching his son torment his wife.

Worse, the way his voluptuous daughter stood so near didn't help, with her round ass and big tits repeatedly drawing his gaze even as he tried to resist looking at her naked body.

"Of course, wouldn't a bigger cock feel good? One like Mrs. Rutherford uses? Wouldn't that do the trick?" David resumed manipulating the pleasure button at the center of his mother's thighs.

Kate's merciless son teased her with images of the wonderfully large, life-like black rubber phallus her secret girlfriend used on her when her need for penetration was at its peak, even as she closed her newly-freed legs in an unconvincing attempt to escape his toying digits.

'I desperately need to cum,' she thought. 'I need penetration...a hard cock...so much.'

"Just say the word, mom," David urged, sensing she was at the end of her tether.

Finally, Kate Thornton broke to her need.

"Yes," his forlorn but precipitously-ecstatic mother mumbled under her breath to her immense shame.

Even with her husband present, Kate had to feed her lust.

In fact, her son was right, she had never enjoyed great sex with George, despite the fact she sincerely loved him deeply. He rarely made her cum with his small prick, invoking the need to satisfy herself discreetly afterwards or with the hard-driving strap-on wielded by June.

Her son's thick cock once more appeared in her line of sight. She couldn't stand the thought of unsuccessfully trying to climax on George's insufficient tool any longer. She was so close to orgasm and needed to be truly fucked.

David's mother had shallowly whispered her surrender with remorse as he looked happily at her pleading eyes.

"What?" David sought more submission from his anxious mother...more detail.

"Yes, David, give it...ohhh...to me," Kate whined with growing desire and frustration. "Give it to your... unnhhh...mother."

"What do you mean, mom? Give you what?" Her gloating son persisted. "You want my cock...your son's cock?"

David was yearning to fuck his mother, but wanted to degrade her too. It was part of the demoralization process necessary to turn her into his compliant sex toy. He wanted her self-esteem to sink - to crater and undermine her pride so it would be easier to control her going forward.

Kate became exasperated with his teasing and withholding what she needed most.

"PLEASE, DAVID, DON'T MAKE ME BEG!" Kate was greatly ashamed of herself and her son, though willing to humiliate herself to fulfill her carnal desires, if necessary.

"But I want you to beg, mom," David twisted the knife, stating his true intent. "Beg me for what you want." 

Kate was at wit's end, shouting her need.

"OHHHH, OKAY...YESSS! YES, DAVID...AWHHHH...I WANT YOUR COCK!" Kate cried out her crazed hunger. "OH, LORD HELP ME...I WANT MY SON'S COCK!!"

"Say it, mom, say the magic words," her deranged son badgered. "Say it so dad can hear you. Say what you want!"

"OHH, DAMN YOU, DAVID!" Kate bawled her despair and disgust with her son. "OHHHH...OKAY, FUCK ME! WOULD YOU PLEASE JUST FUCK ME?"

Kate had lost all sense of propriety and was reduced to groveling pleas, uncaring as the sordid words landed on her husband and daughter's ears, as well as her exuberant son's.

"PLEASE, DAVID...FUCK YOUR MOTHER!" Kate surrendered her pride, and with it her moral dignity. "OHHH, MAKE ME CUM! FUCK ME TILL I CUM, DAMN IT!"

"Well, mom, if you want it that badly," David conceded facetiously, a huge grin on his face as he shot a triumphant look at his weak father before stepping up to his tearful mother.

"Open wide," he cheerfully recommended.

"Oh, George...I'm sorry," Kate whimpered in tears as she prepared emotionally to grant her son rights to her feminine charms that she swore in her marital vows belonged only to her husband.

George knew his wife was sincere, and that her need was too strong, but that didn't stop his sense of diminishment and defeat at the hands of his teenage son...or his cock from remaining painfully hard.

Decorum aside, Kate spread her recently released legs widely to give her son access to the place no son should see, yet alone venture.

David took the invitation with pleasure, placing the spongy head of his firm cock against the entrance to his mother's cunt, rubbing the crown neatly up and down the receptive gateway to lubricate it thoroughly with the viscous dew of her copious flow.

Poking just the rim between the engorged labia, the barriers parted freely to grant him effortless passage, as would a respectful crowd before a mighty potentate.

"UUHHHMMMM!" Kate initially recoiled her hips with the disturbing contact of her son's probing cock against her unresisting pussy slit, but then pressed back to meet the wide knob as it prodded its way into her soft channel.

"Relax, mom, I'll take you home," David's overly-familiar reassurance caused Kate to blanche, but she allowed him to continue introducing each inch of his lengthy pole into her welcoming cock sheath, with the burrowing shaft dividing the relenting breach as it was consumed by her unquenchable maw.

"Ohhh, jeeez, son...that's big!" Kate couldn't contain the lewd words as the last few inches of her son's sturdy tool sank to the bone in her ravenous cunt.

She didn't want to admit it, even to herself, but David's cock felt good...too good.

Kate hadn't felt such living, warm fullness stretching her pussy since back in college before she had met her husband. Her son's cock touched places left unexplored for years, at least in a vital manner unavailable to June's trusty but inanimate strap-on.

Allison watched from afar, knowing exactly what their mother was experiencing from the impressive staff possessed by her brother, yet with the sorrow of knowing their mother's initial defilement on her son's cock led only to a future of service to his demented sexual desires.

"Unnnhhhhh...," David released a sigh of his own.

His nut sack pressed against the base of his mother's gripping snatch as he buried his long tool within the warm embrace of her slippery cunt as it devoured the tensing meat.

As if to rub the humiliation into the face of his father, he luridly described how wonderful it felt.

"AAHHHHH! OH SHIT, MOM...YOUR PUSSY IS SO HOT...," he praised salaciously. "IT'S HUGGING ME SO TIGHT...TAKING ALL OF MY COCK."

George's head dropped with his dishonor, but to his profound embarrassment his puny cock didn't...standing rigid at its nearly 5" as his son plumbed depths of his wife's pussy he could never attain.

Now seated fully within his mother's elastic cock sleeve, David began the dance designed to ultimately result in the satisfaction of them both, as well as taking the first step down the path of his mother's sexual servitude to him.

Pulling slowly back, even George could see the puffy lips of his wife's labia stretch as they grasped the retreating lance of their son.

At the point when he almost totally withdrew, David deliberately and with remarkable patience slowly plowed his long pole back into his mother's craving snatch, letting her slickened fuck hole swallow the veined shaft completely to her unremittent pleasure.

"HUUUHHH...AAWNNNNHHHHH...," Kate drew a deep breath, then released a contented moan.

From this David began the rhythmic ritual of repeatedly removing and reinserting his hard cock into his mother's agreeable pussy, masterfully plundering her wet chamber as he methodically altered his speed and tempo to her shamed but obvious delight.

"AAAHHHHH...OHHH, YES! OOHHHH, FUCK ME...FUCK ME, SON!" Kate's moans turned to groans of encouragement, regardless of the unseemliness of her cries and the presence of her husband.

"UNNGGH...OHHH, WORK THAT BIG COCK, DAVID. GIVE IT TO ME HARD!" His overwhelmed mother called rapturously.

Kate had never considered incest before...never once fantasizing about an inappropriate sexual relationship with her parents, and certainly not with her children.

Now, perversely and totally unexpectedly, in the deepest part of her increasingly corrupted mind, the fact it was David overpowering her to prey on a submissive side of her personality she didn't even know she possessed fed a demented beast lurking within her psyche.

It was difficult to grasp emotionally, but knowing she was fucking her son, and not just some man, was exponentially propelling her growing arousal. That he was fucking her so well, and that his cock was so wonderfully fulfilling, only added to the ecstatic stimulus.

Kate wantonly wrapped her short, powerful legs around the waist of her indefatigable son to aid his hammering of her eager pussy, locking him into the suctioning vortex of her cunt with each forceful push into the depths of her sweltering cock sheath.

George stood dumbfounded as their son fucked his wife. His penis was hard as a tree trunk at the sight. He couldn't deny he found Kate's reaction to David's cock titillating to the point of needing his own release.

"Unngh...unggh...uggh...," David grunted, driving hard and pumping his mother's famished pussy with a steadfast resolve.

"OOHHH...OOHHH...OHH FUCK! SOOOO BIG! OHHH, DAVID...UHH...YOUR COCK IS SO BIG!" Kate disgracefully praised her son's impressive physical endowment.

Bucking against his pummeling hips, the waylaid mother sought to take as much of her hardworking son's thick shaft into her voracious fuck tunnel as she could manage.

David was ready to blow, but he wanted one more act of disgrace and submission, something to seal his dominance over his mother, his father, and his entire family.

"ALLISON, KNEEL IN FRONT OF DAD. STROKE HIS COCK," he barked his order to his spectating sister through heaving breaths. "GIVE DAD A HAND JOB. MAKE HIM CUM ON YOUR BIG TITS...ON YOUR FACE!"

'How can I do such a thing?' Allison wondered, stunned out of her mindless fog at the directive.

'This is all so unheard of...so immoral,' she thought. 'To touch dad's penis is...inconceivable.'

"DO IT ALLISON, OR I'LL LIGHT UP YOUR ASS BRIGHT RED!" Her brother's words were strong with the seriousness of his order.

While he was otherwise engaged slamming his sturdy cock into his mother's avaricious pussy, David had enough cognizance to understand giving his father a much-needed release, particularly by the verboten hands of his brainy, big-titted daughter, would go a long way to securing George's acquiescence to his domination of the family.

Allison knew better than to disagree, taking her knees before her broken but highly-excited father, and placing her fingers tenderly on her father's erection.

"I'm sorry, daddy," George's remorseful daughter apologized.

"Unnnnnhhh...," George groaned. His nude daughter's first touch of the flushed skin of his earnest tool nearly caused him to cum right there and then.

Allison looked at his penis at eye level with fascination. It was so small, yet so hard.

'It must be unbearable for him,' Allison thought as her father studied her naked body, while watching his son fuck his wife.

Allison decided at that moment to compassionately help her poor father out, delicately encompassing the thin shaft with her left hand, gently stroking up and down its short length while using her right hand to cup his tender ball sack.

"Awwhhh...," George sighed, and his back stiffened at the touch of his daughter. Allison's hands were soft and warm...gentle as they plied their way along his cock and massaged his balls.

Allison couldn't look at him, but he watched her kneeling body as her large breasts rolled with the motion, and her dark brown locks tossed here and there.

George hadn't realized until now just how spectacular her body was as he admired her every move.

As she jerked up once more against the hammering cock of their son, Kate realized just what she had been denied throughout the years, appreciating David's ample size while trying unsuccessfully to pretend it wasn't her son fucking her so well.

"OHHH, YEAH, OHH BABY!" Kate called anonymously. "FUCK ME...FUCK ME HARD! MAKE ME CUM!"

"YOU LIKE IT...UNGGH...DON'T YOU, MOM?" David panted as he urged his mother's degrading descent, unwilling to allow her to escape the reality of her son's plunging erection.

"TELL DAD!" David scolded his capitulating mother. "UGG...TELL DAD HOW MUCH YOU LIKE MY...UNHH...COCK!"

"OH, DAVID...AHH...PLEASE DON'T," Kate moaned reluctantly.

"UHH...YOU KNOW I DO," the faltering woman complained. She was out of her mind, so close to her climax, but with a small smattering of dignity remaining.

"OHHHH...PLEASE, JUST FUCK ME...AWGGH...FUCK YOUR MOTHER!" She begged desperately.

"TELL HIM, MOM...TELL DAD!" David urged.

"OHH, GEORGE...I'M SORRY," Kate gave in sadly, surrendering the last of her pride.

George's bedeviled wife felt horrible by her betrayal of her husband on every level, but she needed to cum so badly, and she was so close, she would say whatever was necessary to keep her son's big cock battering her ravenous cunt.

"OHHH...UNNHHH...UNHH...HONEY, I'M SORRY...AAHHH...," Kate finally admitted to her husband what her lascivious son wanted her to confess.

"DAVID'S COCK IS SO NICE...UUGGGHH...OHHH...IT'S SO BIG!" The remorseful wife and mother confessed scandalously. "IT'S BEEN...AAWWNNHHH...SO LONG SINCE...UUNNGGGHHH...I...OHHH...FUCKED...SOOOO GOOD!"

George didn't even get a chance to react. His vexed daughter, her incredible tits dancing across her chest, was working his tiny cock passionately with her soft hand, sliding it in her closed palm or twirling the flared head between the tender pads of her supple fingertips.

"Uhhh...Allie...ooooohhh...," the bewildered father cooed under his determined daughter's lewd attention.

Drawing out its short length, Allison gingerly kept her right palm beneath her father's hummingbird egg-sized testicles, gingerly milking each delicate ball hanging suspended in their fleshy sack.

Allison kneeled subserviently, concentrating on achieving her assigned task, consoling herself with the satisfaction of tending to her father's urgent needs as she stroked his inflamed cock while his wife begged their son to finish her...to make her cum.

"OHHHHH, GIVE IT TO ME, DAVID! GIVE IT TO MOMMY HARD!" Kate cried audaciously. "AANNNHHHHH...PLEASE SON...OOOHH...MAKE MOMMY CUM!"

Kate's desire to cum was so fevered, and her lust so depraved, she was reduced to playing the 'mommy' card, seeking to drive her tireless son to greater heights with the illicit recognition her 'little boy' was mightily fucking his mommy to orgasm with his tremendous cock.

David needed no more encouragement, vigorously fucking his mother with impassioned fervor.

It was remarkable he could last so long, but the resilient young man had already poured a load of his incestuous cum into his sister's delectable cunt earlier so even as a virile teenager he was able to hold out longer than normal.

'WAP...WAP...WAP...' the sound of skin meeting skin reverberated throughout David's bedroom as his hard-driving pelvis smacked against the back of his mother's upturned thighs.

"UNGGGH...UNNH...AGGH...," David grunted as he labored to bring his mother off.

The unexpected and extremely taboo fantasy of boning his mother had struck a chord in him, focusing all his attention on getting her off, almost to the neglect of his own need to cum.

'HUHH...HUUH...UHH...,' both mother and son's breathing was ragged, and David's hips were a blur as he abused his mother's bucking twat.

Kate's large jugs bounded madly about her chest, and her ankles locked around her son's ass, unable or unwilling to disconnect. David's 41-year-old mom strenuously sought to keep his brilliant cock filling her insatiable cunt to its maximum depth as she strove relentlessly for the climax she needed without fail.

"AAAWWWNNNNNHHHH...UUUNNNNGGGHHHH...OHH FUCK...CUMMINNNGGGG!!" Kate finally peaked, wailing the long-waited arrival of her powerful climax.

Arching her back, while letting her eyes close and head fall back against the bench, David's spastic mother forced her mound against her son's pubis to absorb his entire thick shaft into her body.

Kate's C-cup tits shook violently while her arms strained against her bonds as the orgasm rocked her with an earthquake of tremors, rolling in waves from her head to the clenched tips of her toes.

"Ohhh...ooohh, Allie...," George spit a rope of translucent jism onto the unprepared face of his daughter at the same moment his ecstatic wife cried out her orgasm.

"Uugggh...," Allison instinctively pulled back with a shriek of disgust, inadvertently allowing a large glob of her father's salty spunk to land in her open mouth and make her recoil with a sour expression.

Unable to dodge a second flying strand crossing her quickly sealed lips, her father's sticky cum draped itself along her chin, with the warm goo dripping a path as a thick string fell onto her considerable tits.

"Owwwh, daddy...," Allison did her best to continue to stroke her father through his climax.

Nonetheless, the intelligent teen sex doll couldn't prevent her displeasure at the thought of him spewing cum into her mouth and across her ample chest as a third jet sprayed, splattering her big, jiggling melons.

George looked down with an oblivious stare into his pretty little girl's mortified eyes as his spurting cock painted her lovely face and tremendously firm jugs with as much cum as his little nuts had produced in years.

In his dazed state, George appeared unmoved by his sullied daughter's revulsion.

It broke Allison's heart to suffer such a disparaging, although unintentional, act by her burdened father. It was possibly the most upsetting thing ever to happen to the young and inexperienced coed...the demeaning sex acts with her brother notwithstanding.

"OHHHHH...AWWHHH...," Kate moaned as she writhed through the blinding deluge of ecstasy, her body twisting and arms pulling harshly against the belts securing them above her head.

With the might of her orgasm roiling her body, she unlocked her legs from their vice-like embrace around her son to extend straight out, with her powerful muscles clenched and red polish-painted toes pointed in rapture.

David, overcome by his own urgency, launched into the final act of the play of his mother's downfall to her son.

Moving quickly up her body, David released the belts holding her arms, while still leaving his fully erect cock embedded in her spastic pussy, pulsing vibrantly with the thrill of her climax.

"Wha...?," Kate questioned, taking a moment to realize she was free, with her arms weak and recovering from the strain of remaining in her position for so long.

As his mother reclaimed her strength, David stood upright but bent at the knee. He leaned forward, hovering above his increasingly alert mother, able to drape each of her rubbery legs over his athletic shoulders.

From this position, he could bend her back at the hips with her feet in the air to achieve maximal penetration. It was somewhat awkward and strenuous, but he didn't expect he'd need to hold it for long to accomplish his goal.

"YOU SONOFABITCH!!" His mother screamed in a rage. "HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO YOUR OWN MOTHER?!!"

Reawakened by her apparent freedom, Kate feebly threw down a fist onto her son's back that, in her depleted condition, was of only modest strength and impact.

With David's adrenaline flowing in overdrive, Kate's attempt at causing damage was merely a nuisance.

"DAMN YOU, DAVID...!" The imperious youngster's outraged mother expressed her horror at her sexual domination by her son, landing a second strike weakly from the left side.

As his mother cascaded harmless blows glancing off his back, David used his new position to sink the full length of his cock to the bottom of his mother's upturned cunt, with the angle allowing his deepest penetration yet, and forging a path to places within her pussy never accessed by any man.

"AAARRRRGGGHH!" This time it was David's turn to groan when his hairy nut sack pressed against the base of Kate's split gash, with the weight of his full balls slapping along the crack of her ass.

"OOHHH, NOOOO!" Kate shouted with alarm.

"WAIT...UUNNGGGHH...OOHHH, NOT AGAIN, DAVID...DON'T FUCK ME AGAIN!" The subdued mother wailed with panic lacing her cries.

"UUNNN...UUUHHH...OH, PLEASE...UUNNH...OHHH, DON'T DAVID...NOT AGAIN...! I...AAAHHHHH...I CAN'T...BE TAKEN...ANNHHH...AGAIN."

David knew he didn't have much time to bring his susceptible mother to another mind-warping orgasm, in part because he couldn't hold the unbalanced position for long, but also because his own desire to cum was rising rapidly out of control.

With that recognition, the muscular athlete dug in, jumping immediately into a hard-driving, rhythmic pounding of Kate's resilient but acquiescing fuck sleeve.

"OHHHHH...UGGHHH...AWWNH...," Kate groaned loudly, taken aback to find herself under siege by the grunting body of her son again so quickly.

David's mature mother was powerless to stop him as he fiercely drove his swollen cock into parts unknown, corners and folds of her pussy no man had ever visited.

Kate's tight sheath gripped the thick shaft of her son as it filled the channel time after time, agitating and stimulating the raw nerves throughout the walls of her ecstatic pussy. Her strong hips reflexively bucked up to follow the retreating pole whenever it vacated her rapacious cunt.

"OOOHHHH...DAVID...OHH JEEEZ...IT'S TOO MUCH!" Kate begged uselessly. "OHHH, PLEASE...,"

The sensation of her teenage son's strident pole stuffing her keenly sensitized pussy was too much, too forceful and too compelling to resist.

Kate descended back into the depravity of her unrequited hunger for her son's magnificent cock, pressing her calves and ankles to her son's muscular shoulders to take him as deep into her as she could manage.

"UGGGH...UNNGH...ARRGH...," David snorted air through his nose he was working so hard. With sweat pouring from his body, he stared commandingly into the flushed face of his overtaken mother.

The powerful wrestler's ass and legs flexed mightily as he rhythmically speared Kate's welcoming cunt with his thick shaft, cudgeling her stretched cock sleeve to force entry into the innermost recesses of his mother's womb, seeking to plant his seed deep in her gratefully infertile uterus. 

It was a subconscious Oedipal desire to impregnate his mother and take his father's place, driven by the animal instincts of conquest and submission of eons of human evolution, and the need to break her to his will and her servitude.

"AWWWHHH...AWWHHH...OOHHHH...FUCK ME, DAVID! OHHH, SON...AANNNHHHH...GIVE ME YOUR BIG COCK!!" Kate implored her son as she broke to surrender her body to David.

The blows she had been leveling with her fists gradually turned to an enveloping embrace as her arms wrapped around his neck. Pulling herself as close to him as possible, Kate smashed her bobbling tits against David's chest to draw him close as he worked his cock to their best advantage.

"AAARRRRGGGGGHHHHH!!" The imperious young man cried aloud as his orgasm finally unleashed.

David's head flew back with eyes slammed shut as he came, a torrent of warm spunk built-up from the long morning's subjugation of his mother gushing from the end of his cock, now buried deep in her pussy as a glut of pent-up jism flooded her dark chamber.

"UUNNNGGGGHHHHHH! OHHHH, DAVID...LET IT GO, HONEY!" The lust-crazed mother indecently urged her enraptured son. "GIVE IT TO ME...GIVE MOM YOUR CUM!"

Kate sensed the voluminous flow of her son's cum filling her twat the moment he released, with the realization of the unnatural attempt at insemination triggering her own orgasm.

"UNNNHH...OHH FUCK...YESSSSS...!" Kate howled as the perversity of the wholly demented act added to the strength of her own climax as her body trembled in a frenzy under her son's quaking body.

It was as obscene an exhibition as either had ever experienced, made more so by the watching eyes of George and Allison.

Frozen in position, with her father's viscous jism coagulating on her blushing face and blotchy tits, the dominated daughter and her dad stared in awe at the incestuous performance of mother and son on the weight bench.

Absolutely wrecked from his efforts subduing his adverse mother, David collapsed on top of Kate while her body shuddered as the waves of orgasm receded.

Breathing heavily, the last few pulses of his abundant spunk pumped into his mother's full pussy chamber, with the overflow escaping in white creamy rivulets from the sides of Kate's battered cunt lips to run down to the sweaty crease between the half-globes of her pale butt cheeks.

"Mmmnh...unhhh...," Kate murmured in her post-orgasmic state.

The beautiful former gymnast lay groggy and dazed from everything befalling her this morning. She had awoken a contented wife and mother...well, mostly contented, thanks to the additional bond with June Rutherford.

Now, she was thrust into a deviant world of unwanted incest with both her son and daughter. It was too sick, too perverse and too disturbing.

'It's not my fault,' David and Allison's remorseful mother tried to rationalize the implications in her head. 'David forced me...forced us all. It'll never happen again.'

Regardless, deep in her soul, Kate Thornton knew she had capitulated to her son. He had been too much, touching wants and desires living just below the surface of her normal life.

She might act reluctant, or give superficial resistance to pacify her moral reservations about yielding to her son, but she had succumbed to the power of his mighty tool and her need.

She knew inside, it had felt good...his strength and his powerful cock.

Kate was submissive in her relationship to her friend June, letting the woman take the lead from the first-time Mrs. Rutherford had seduced her tennis partner. Her naturally docile, subservient disposition was expressed in her need for her tall friend to administer the strap-on cock.

June had seen beneath her friend's refined surface to Kate's carnal desire, and the needs not met by her loving but unsatisfying husband.

Kate knew of her need for a dominant lover, and that she was secretly weak before a superior personality. While she had difficulty consciously reconciling it, she recognized she would ultimately bend to fulfill the demands of a commanding presence...whether man or woman.

Kate knew instinctively her son was such a man.

Whether David had seen that trait in his mother, or simply didn't care, no longer mattered.

With each success, the egomaniacal college freshmen was increasingly consumed with the urge to subjugate the women of his family. By necessity, as the Alpha male, that meant subduing his meek father as well.

'Hmmm...,' a brief admiring exhale of satisfaction inadvertently escaped Kate's pursed lips, and she released her arms from her son in exhaustion.

To his absolute delight, David had won.

His conquered mother's descent was confirmed for both when, peering deeply into her son's intent blue eyes, she gave a subtle nod of acquiescence to his newly-earned sovereignty and role as the primary male in the family.

David grinned contentedly, even as he recovered from his physically and emotionally debilitating effort at breaking and dominating his loving, petite and sexually-alluring mother.

Kate held no doubts this would not be the last time David took her body...or that she would relinquish it with little resistance. It was just the beginning of her service to her authoritative son.

*****************************

David had just fucked his mother.

Climbing off her ravished body, David paused momentarily to gaze at the remnants of cum glazing the trimmed pubic hair of her gaping pussy slit. The wide gash was reddened and ragged from the serious pounding he had administered with his punishing cock, now hanging shiny and softening at his waist.

Looking at his father and sister, he relished an equally enjoyable motif.

George's body limply dangled from the pull-up bar with his small penis shriveled and spent. His dumbfounded sister simply stared in the direction of their mother with their father's cum drying on her face and tits.

Allison's breathing drew shallow with awe at the scope of her brother's dominion over their family.

"You're a mess, Allison. Go clean up," David ordered, breaking his sister's trance.

Allison was happy for the opportunity to escape the madness filling the room and clean her father's unpleasant cum from her body.

"Take mom with you," her brother said, almost as an afterthought.

His wary sister stopped in her tracks.

"What do you mean?" Allison responded, hoping for an innocent answer, but suspecting none was coming.

"Take mom with you. You know, to take a shower...together," David offered his instructions didactically.

It was as if requesting his mother and grown sister to take a shower together was as natural as a mother's love.

"You're both a frightful mess," he suggested. "Clean her up...and she can clean you too."

Allison grew uncomfortable with the thought of cleaning her mother.

Certainly, the unfortunate coed had done much worse, including eating her bound mother's pussy at the irrefutable command of her brother.

Under those circumstances, however, she could delude herself with the fiction it was some other woman's spread legs between which she labored.

In the shower, she and her mother would be face-to-face...naked and in intimate contact.

Allison unhappily released the belt of David's robe as the last restraint on her disheveled mother to collect Kate for the slow walk on wobbly legs to the bathroom.

Surprisingly, Kate didn't resist.

David watched with interest as his short mother cautiously rose to stand next to his taller sister. There wasn't too terribly much in common between the two, except for their large breasts and flared hips.

'Very nice,' the lascivious bully admired his mother's good-sized tits while seeing Kate upright in the buff for the first time.

The delightful pair demonstrated less sag than he'd expected, along with a gentle slope and a dense fullness, with each topped by dark rose nipples hardened by the recent sex with her son.

Still, Kate's ass was her best feature.

Honed from years of gymnastics and tennis, it was heart-shaped, muscular and round, with pleasant dimples topping the ripe full cheeks, divided by the cleft of her butt crack.

'SMACK!' David couldn't resist giving her meaty flank a stinging open-palmed slap, leaving a red mark and stunning Kate out of her post-coital delirium.

"Hey!" She cried. "Ouch. David, that hurts!"

"What'd you do that for?" Kate shot a displeased wince at her son as her hand slipped to her posterior to rub the offended expanse of painful skin.

"Because I can, mom, that's why," he chided, "...and because your ass belongs to me now."

"On top of which," he added with conviction, "...you may have the sweetest ass I've ever seen. It's built to be spanked."

David liked giving his mother the untoward compliment, while Kate cringed.

Her disrespectful son's words perversely reinforced her self-esteem with the very unmotherly thought that she was 'a hot piece of ass.'

More importantly, it impressed upon his well-fucked mother that she was under his control.

"Be thorough, Allison," her brother advised. David's meaning was all too clear to his disheartened 19-year-old sister.

That only left their father in the room, hanging slack from the pull-up bar by the wrist-cuffs. George's body drooped along with his tiny cock, still dripping the final strands of cum from his astonishing but degrading climax on his naked daughter's face and tits.

David didn't want any rebellion to his new prominence in the family from his father, so intended to put him in his place immediately in no uncertain terms.

Unhitching each cuff from the bar, George Thornton dropped to the ground weak-kneed and afraid.

'Whack...whack!' The intimidating teenager slapped his dad twice smartly across the face as George nervously knelt on the floor. Then, he pulled his father's bedraggled head up by the scruff of the neck to send a message.

"You're okay with this, right dad?" David asked with an intimidating scowl. "You're not going to give me any trouble, are you?"

George studied his suddenly imposing son, then nodded his head affirmatively within the grip of David's hand.

"And mom? You're not gonna give me shit over that either, right?" David wasn't going to mince words, he wanted it perfectly understood what he meant so there would be no confusion later.

"Fucking mom, I mean," George's reprobate son explained with absolute seriousness. "You're okay with me fucking your wife...using her body. Right?"

Demoralized and frightened, George lowered is baleful eyes in a silent sign of acceptance and obedience.

Whether it was to be cruel or just to reinforce his new position, David turned the screw of disparagement harder, raising his hand, ready to strike again while demanding a verbal response from his cowering dad.

"I want an answer, damn it!" David barked.

"It's okay," George said meekly, "...you can...uh...fuck your...um...my wife."

"She seemed to like it...," David's attitude suddenly brightened with his wimpy father's concession while shoving George to the floor.

"Fucking a real-live big cock for a change, I mean," he explained disrespectfully, "...instead of that little guy you're packing...or the plastic friend of Mrs. Rutherford."

George was still reeling from the revelation of his wife's affair with June Rutherford, her painful confession of her sexual dissatisfaction with him, and now his son's preeminence in the family.

"Yes, son, she seemed to like it," the brow-beaten father agreed.

George certainly noted how Kate had clearly enjoyed herself as their son rode her to multiple, breathtaking orgasms before willingly accepting David's incestuous seed in her pussy despite her shame and moral misgivings.

"Hell, dad, if you're a good boy, I may even let you have a piece of Allison now and again," David astonishingly offered his subjugated older sister in forbidden trade for his father's loyalty.

The perceptive young man had no doubt sensed George's poorly-hidden fascination with his large-breasted daughter's nude body and her glorious hand job.

"You'd be surprised to learn she's a wildcat in the sack," the amoral college wrestler informed his dad, "...and she's got a great mouth to go along with those big jugs."

George's little prick twitched involuntarily at the immoral prospect of using his daughter's mouth.

"You'd like that, wouldn't you, dad?" David asked his broken father, having caught George's involuntary reaction.

"Answer me, dad," he commanded his tenuous father after too long of a pause.

George was shaken - too horrified to answer truthfully, but too afraid of David to not.

"It's okay to admit it," David consoled his disquieted father. "You'd like your big-titted oldest daughter's mouth sucking on your little pecker, isn't that right?"

"Yes," George Thornton whispered to his mutual excitement and shame as his head bowed and his penis stirred.

*****************************

Allison disappeared into the bathroom with her flummoxed mother in tow, but was smart enough to know to leave the door open during their shower. She had a pretty good sense of her brother's lewd expectations, and figured closing the door wasn't part of them.

At the same time, David closed his bedroom door on his father, leaving George in the hallway stricken with guilt for his weakness, but unwilling to defend himself from his intimidating teenage son.

For his part, David wasn't looking for privacy.

Instead, it was his way of conveying to his father his station when he was with his mother and sister. George was only welcome at David's invitation.

David plopped onto his bed naked, thinking about the events of the morning and how to handle his newfound ascendency in the family.

None of this had been planned...not really, since he first took his curvaceous sister a few weeks back.

'Maybe I should just let it play out naturally?' He reasoned alone. 'My instincts seem to be working so far.'

David thought briefly about joining his mother and sister in the shower.

He was a mess, with a coating of his and his mother's cum dried on his cock and balls, plus the dried sweat from his strenuous efforts. In addition, he still tasted the fragrant essence of his sister on his lips from his first experience eating pussy.

The newfound imperator of the family decided instead to leave them alone, content to listen as they explored the new Sapphic relationship he planned for them.

David thought it might be more conducive to their discovery if no one was present to witness the intolerable breach of moral boundaries between mother and daughter normally observed by society.

Under other circumstances, the curious college wrestler would give anything to watch the erotic display of his mother and sister in the shower soaping each other's naked bodies, but now the lecherous 18-year-old felt confident there would be plenty of opportunities to witness their physical union going forward.

Besides, he was curious which of the two submissive women would take the lead, although he was certain his apparently bisexual mother had many things to teach her wallflower daughter.

'It's a psychological experiment,' he joked to himself. 'I wonder if I can get school credit?'

A moment later, David heard the glass shower door open and the water come on as he reclined on his bed, physically and sexually spent for the moment.

From his position, he couldn't see directly into the shower, but he could see the two compliant women's reflection in the mirror as the shower door closed, with the frosted pattern on the glass obscuring their lower bodies to the point of becoming two blurred, flesh-toned forms.

Only their ambivalent faces showed through the clear glass upper panel.

David idly tugged on his limp cock as he looked at the reflection - the two women's bodies closely proximate, and their formless arms moving towards each other as they tentatively fulfilled his order.

"Hee, um...," he thought he heard a giggle a moment later, but wasn't sure from whom between the splashes of shower water as his mother and sister uncomfortably applied the liquid soap to each other.

Building up the suds, the uncomfortably matched pair rubbed the liquid over the other's skin as the uncertain duo slowly gained familiarity with the forbidden arms, shoulders and torsos of the other.

Soon, mother and daughter moved to the more private regions of their breasts, bottoms, and vaginas to clean and douche their used chambers of brother and son's disgraceful cum, as each carried a load of David's incestuous sperm deep in the recesses of their wombs from that morning.

After another minute, David only heard the rain of the shower spray as it fell, with all other sounds falling silent for the moment.

The two mismatched women's bodies were very close when David saw his sister's eyes close through the clear upper glass and her head, with the wet brown curls plastered to her forehead, drop to rest on her shorter mother's shoulder.

Then he heard it, low and unmistakable.

"Mmmmmmm...uunnnnnhhhhh..." The tilt of her head and the low tone of her humming told him it could only be his sister responding to the 'cleansing' manipulations of their mother.

"Aahhhhh...oohhh, mother...," Allison sighed to confirm David's educated guess.

David saw the blurred motion of his mother's left arm held low, moving deliberately back and forth at waist level in what appeared to be a gentle, loving caress of Allison's hairless pussy.

The attentive despot couldn't see the placement his sister's arm, but when Allison lifted her head to look her mother in the eye with a dreamy fogged gaze, he noticed Kate's lower lip trembling before she tipped her head back slightly with a slow opening of her sensuous mouth.

Allison was returning the favor, delicately teasing their mother's well-worn pussy.

"Uuummmmm...hhhmmmmm...ohh, sweetheart," Kate moaned shamelessly.

The coos and sighs continued for a few minutes as the warm water flowed over the adjoining bodies of mother and daughter, with each dominated woman rising in passion and intensity as the moment's passed.

David imagined in his mind's eye his aroused mother and sister, their pillowy breasts pushed against each other, rolling their slippery finger's gingerly over the other's hardened clitoris, after having first coaxed the little bundle of nerves from its hiding place in a manner only another woman could best understand.

It appeared to David that Allison climaxed first, as her soaked curls flew wildly when the jolt forced her knees to wilt, tilting her head and witnessing the tell-tale 'O' to form on her quivering lips.

In the frosted window, his big-titted sister's body undulated with the erotic wave spreading from head to toe.

"OOOOOHHHHHHHHH...," Allison signaled her climax on her mother's talented fingers.

It was a deeply throaty, ongoing moan lasting some time as Kate agitated her daughter's clit throughout her orgasm, extending the peak for as long as possible to allow the crest of a second wave to roll through the weak-kneed nerdy girl's spasm-wracked body.

"Ehhh...uuummm... Ohhh...mommmmm!" Allison came in small mewling whimpers of appreciation.

As Kate's experienced hand eased her daughter down from the dizzying heights of her ecstasy, Allison's shuddering dissipated until it was gone.

Opening her glassy blues eyes, Allison smiled lovingly at her mother.

With the glow of her orgasm still warming her body, aided by the soothing stream of warm water from the shower, Allison determined it was her turn to take over, and leaned in to kiss her diminutive mother fully on the lips.

Enthralled by the exhilarating performance of his compliant sister and mother already, David was thrilled to see Allison's mouth lock onto their mother's lush lips. 

Visible through the clear upper panel of the shower door glass, David witnessed every detail.

The wayward son and brother couldn't suppress a satisfied grin when he saw his sister offer her tongue into the accepting mouth of their mother, and the two incestuously paired women initiated an oral dance of increasing intensity as they tangoed and pressed their lips more firmly together.

Without warning, a suddenly aggressive Allison pushed her smaller mother against the back wall of the shower.

The view was still just barely within the reflection coming from the bathroom mirror, which resisted fogging only because of the open door to David's bedroom.

Her mouth anchored to her mother's, Allison's shadowy hand dropped once more between Kate's legs, and David watched the indefinite silhouette of his mother's left leg rise to rest her foot on the edge of the tub, indecently granting her advancing daughter full access to her overheated cunt.

Allison's motions looked to be more vigorous than the playful teasing their mother had used, such that David assumed his sister must have inserted a slender finger or two into the spread cleft of Kate's pussy, while targeting her erect clit with her badgering thumb.

"Mmmmpppff...mmmppf...uummpf...," Kate's muffled groans echoed off the tile shower walls.

Whatever Allison was doing, it was having the desired effect, as their winsome mother soon quaked through her own tremoring climax, stifled at first by Allison's probing tongue.

"MUUUGGGHHH...UUNNNGGH...OOOHHHHH, ALLIEEEEE...!" Kate lips broke free to gasp for air and fully express her pleasure.

Allison's hand was a blur.

Driving madly, David's sister was really giving it to their mother, finger-banging her with a steady rhythmic action that Kate undeniably found satisfying as she came hard on her determined daughter's hand.

"AAAHHHHH...OHHH, SWEET BABY...," Kate's howls of sexual pleasure filled the air, uncaring who heard while lost in her own little erotic nirvana.

"OOHHHHH...LIKE THAT...," their lost mother begged. "UUNNNHHHHH...FUCK MOMMY LIKE THAT!"

'Mom likes to get fucked hard,' David duly-noted for future reference, '...at least from what I've seen so far.'

When it was all over, David threw on some shorts and a shirt and left the room as his mother and sister recovered under the gentle massage of the shower, cuddling in commiseration over their plight, but with a post-orgasmic glow in their caresses.

Kate and Allison toweled each other dry in a moment of bashful togetherness.

Having shared an unnatural mother-daughter bonding experience few women know, each silently grasped to mentally and emotionally accept the unspoken fear that this unnatural sexual relationship was the new 'normal.'

*****************************

David hadn't planned or expected this morning's events. He had simply jumped, quite literally, on an opportunity when their mother walked in on him fucking his older sister.

With little other option, he took the chance Kate shared the same submissive tendencies as Allison, and that her insecurities and the newly-revealed inadequacies of her life would emerge as weakness.

George Thornton's small penis and his mother's long-deprived sexual desires were pleasant, unexpected discoveries, facilitating his mastery over them both.

His parents' sordid sexual needs provided David the tools necessary for their submission, as each ultimately allowed their son to bend them to his authority.

It was a tremendous risk...spontaneous and filled with danger.

Nonetheless, it was paying off handsomely for the young martinet as he contemplated his good fortune, already busy thinking of ways to enjoy his new status as family Alpha male.

END PART 07

Family Takedown 08
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story and all characters are fictitious and 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. If you don't like that, don't read it. You've been warned.

*****

POWER PLAY

It was later in the afternoon as David planted himself in front of the TV to watch a football game.

Barefoot, he had a beer in hand and wore loose-fitting micro-fiber athletic shorts with a poly-blend tank top hugging his muscular chest. His vanity without boundaries, he liked tight shirts, even when relaxing.

At 18, the beer was forbidden to him and all the Thornton children in the house, but he figured under the circumstances, his parents wouldn't say a thing.

After the illicit shower with her mother, 19-year-old Allison had retreated to the university library. It was her Saturday routine and a much-needed sanctuary for the misused coed, returning a sense of normalcy to her progressively profane home life.

As usual, George was buried in his study. This was not out of the ordinary for the academic research consultant when planning some project for a client.

'Dad's a wimp,' David decided, 'but he's smart, and with business savvy.'

It was easy to see what kept their mom interested all these years, since it clearly wasn't sex.

David's twin sister Britney had a soccer game, but had called earlier to say she was going to a post-game party, and then stay the night at her friend Jenny's apartment.

Since high school graduation, the family didn't see as much of Brit, always involved with something or out with friends. She dated some, but not as much as she could, since she certainly had no shortage of suitors as a younger version of her mother.

David had his suspicions about his pretty, athletic sister and her gal pal Jenny Castellini, but didn't pry. The twins had always gotten along well, with much more in common than either had with their super-smart older sister, so he never pushed.

He was just curious.

That left Kate, who not surprisingly was out playing tennis with June Rutherford. Their mom played tennis every weekend, not always with Mrs. Rutherford, but with one of her many girlfriends.

Like Allison, today's match was a good opportunity for Kate to revisit her routine and the company of friends after the unwanted, but apparently permanent, change within her family.

It was nearing halftime. David lounged, slouching on the sofa in typical teenager fashion as the clock approached 4:00 p.m. His mother was due home soon to prepare dinner.

"Hey Dad, can you come in here for a sec?" David's solicitous question was intended to put into action an idea he had earlier during the game...one he now wanted to bring to fruition.

George nervously appeared moments later. With this morning's woeful collapse of his will and authority, he was anxious to appease his son, while also hopeful it was simply a normal father-son request.

"We haven't sat and watched a football game together in a long time," David said ingratiatingly. "I thought it might be fun to spend some 'father-son' time together today."

David knew his father wasn't much into sports, and his request was just a ploy to get his dad to sit in the family room with him when Kate returned.

"C'mon, have a seat in the easy chair and relax a little. It'll be fun." David was as gracious and non-intimidating as he knew how to be. "Have a beer with me."

"I wasn't going to say anything, son, but you know how your mother and I feel about underage drinking," George answered, feeling more self-assured as he took his seat, and more in control considering David's conciliatory tone.

"I know, dad, but all things considered, I didn't think you'd mind," David countered, his allusion to the morning's events and his father's capitulation brought a recognition of his father's place back to the fore.

George let the issue drop, afraid to go any further down that unpleasant path.

The two sat in silence watching the game. Embarrassingly, George asked if either of the two teams were any good. The score was Alabama 46, Vanderbilt 3.

It seemed obvious, but David knew his dad was out of his element with college football. Thankfully for them both, Kate showed up shortly after 4:00 p.m., in the midst of the 4th quarter.

"Hey guys, what's going on?" Kate asked solicitously, as surprised to see her husband watching a football game with their son as George was to be there.

"Hi mom, just hanging out," David shrugged nonchalantly. "I wanted to spend some time with dad."

Kate looked her scheming son questioningly, but let it pass, not wanting to stir the pot.

"How'd the tennis match go? Did you beat Mrs. Rutherford, or did you let her win?" David's satirical question was laced with a suggestive undertone that was hard to place.

'David's knowing about my lesbian relationship with June makes me uneasy,' Kate realized, with the scandalous revelation from the morning putting her on the defensive.

It was awkward too with her husband in the room. The two really hadn't been given an opportunity to discuss this most remarkable betrayal of her fidelity...or the scandalous events of the morning.

George, perhaps recognizing the truth behind her justification for stepping outside of the marriage, along with his subservient role to David, didn't say a word.

Certainly, it had hurt his feelings and his pride, but he loved Kate and there was nothing he could do but accept it. He was just thankful she hadn't cheated with another man.

'At least June Rutherford has something to offer Kate that I don't,' he rationalized, although deep down he knew that was likely true of most men too.

Slumped in the sofa, David kept his left leg draped wide across the seat cushion at an angle out of his father's view from the easy chair, but easily visible to his mother.

With his loose-legged shorts and lack of underwear, his long, semi-hard cock was conspicuously in sight up the pant leg as Kate stood in the middle of the family room.

David purposely wore no underwear that afternoon. He had suspicion about his mom and dad and he wanted to prove it correct. He had already been right earlier in the day, and wanted to go two for two.

"Ohh...," Kate stiffened momentarily, surprised by the sudden appearance of her son's manhood, and her eyes temporarily fixed on the lewd sight before breaking away.

The respectable woman correctly assumed David knew he was exposing himself to his mother. Uncertain how to react after the morning's events, Kate did nothing, instead pretending everything was normal.

Still, her eyes flitted every now and then to the beckoning tube of soft meat stretched along her son's left thigh.

Kate was dressed in her standard tennis gear - white pleated skirt and yellow polo shirt, each item accommodating her form pleasantly.

His fit mother wore her straight sandy brown hair pulled back by a barrette, leaving just the clipped bangs on her forehead draping her azure blue eyes, with a smattering of light make-up adorning her button nose and round cheek bones.

'Mom looks good...healthy and vibrant,' David thought salaciously, admiring the pinkish glow to her skin as a residual effect of her athletic endeavor for the afternoon.

David decided it was time to initiate his plan to test his parent's obeisance to his family hegemony.

"So, mom, I've always been curious. If you wear a skirt when you play tennis, why do you wear 'tennis panties' underneath?" David inquired fatuously. "I mean, if you have 'tennis panties' on, why do you need a skirt?"

Kate hesitated at the unusual question, wondering where this was going.

"Well, son, it wouldn't be proper," she finally stumbled upon an answer to the ridiculous question.

"Oh, c'mon mom," David responded with mock incredulity. "You wear less than that at the beach. I've seen your bathing suit. What's so improper?"

"It's about context, David," Kate answered uncertainly. "The context is different. People are expected to wear less clothing at the beach."

"I'm not sure that makes sense to me. I mean, if you're outdoors, you're outdoors, right?" David's reasoning was lacking, but his mother wasn't up for giving him a lesson in social propriety.

"Let me see 'em. Drop the skirt," David's startling demand came out of the blue. "I want to see if the 'tennis panties' are improper."

George raised his eyes at his son's request, but otherwise did nothing. It was clear he wasn't prepared to intervene.

"What?" Kate responded with alarm. David had never asked her anything so bold in his life.

"Do it mom, what's the harm?" David reasoned innocently.

Kate knew the harm. She felt suddenly weak and confused by his directive, especially with her husband present in the middle of the family room...doing nothing.

After this morning, and the reprehensible events with her son and daughter - with which she was still trying to cope, Kate knew from David's serious tone this was not a request.

This was an order.

It was a test of her compliance with the new way things worked at home. Kate knew it, and like her docile husband, she wasn't willing to confront her autocratic son.

'They are just tennis panties, after all...seen in public all the time,' Kate feebly tried to persuade herself this was acceptable behavior.

Ignoring the morning's disgraceful display, she imprudently convinced herself her pernicious 18-year-old son had seen her in less in her conservative bikini at the beach or by the backyard pool.

"Okay...sure. There's no harm," Kate replied tentatively, committing to the demoralizing act of obedience by unzipping the side of the pleated tennis skirt and letting it drop to her shoes.

"Oh, I see," David said with artificial enlightenment, openly admiring the way the unrevealing panties nonetheless carved a vee up her crotch, highlighting her muscular thighs and her spectacular heart-shaped ass.

Like Kate, David knew this exercise in control wasn't about seeing his coy mother in her 'tennis panties.' It was about making her strip, even just a little, for her controlling son right in front of her subdued husband.

It was a power play on his father.

Even modestly, not showing anything, his mother's very act was submissive. It was a daring move by David, determined to learn if there were any lingering boundaries to his subordination of his parents.

"Right. See, nothing to it," his discomfited mother said as calmly as she could manage. "The skirt is really just for fashion."

Kate pretended all was well in the presence of her husband, but couldn't help noticing her son's cock had disappeared from hanging on his thigh, and was instead now pressing in rising salute against his fly.

In doing so, it became a focal point difficult to avoid or dismiss, pulsing every time she looked at it to push against the constraints of his shorts.

It was begging for her attention.

"I guess I can see why you'd need to wear a skirt while you played," David grinned knowingly before following with some highly-inappropriate innuendo. "Your ass would be a huge distraction, especially to Mrs. Rutherford,"

"DAVID!" Kate was shocked at the fresh manner her only son spoke about her bottom, although she shouldn't have been...at least under the recent circumstances.

"You shouldn't talk that way about your mother, son," George suddenly found his voice in defense of his wife. It would be a short-lived attempt at courage.

"YOU," David looked directly at his father with a scowl, pointing angrily, "SHUT THE FUCK UP!"

That was all it took to persuade George not to object again, and David again turned his attention to Kate.

"I was just paying you a compliment, mom," David told his jarred mother with a saccharine sweet tone. "You have an incredible ass. I'm sure Mrs. Rutherford has noticed."

David repeatedly referenced the untoward lesbian relationship his mother carried on with her friend and tennis partner, putting Kate on the defensive and unstable ground.

The unseemly remark also emphasized the reason the affair had started, her needs, and her husband's sexual inadequacy.

"You are sexy," David opined reprehensively. "You have to know that?"

"David, you shouldn't say such things to your mother," Kate admonished, trying to maintain some sense of parental control and decorum.

"I'm sure dad thinks so. That's probably why it's so frustrating for him knowing you're getting it elsewhere because of his small wanker," David gibed, not holding back in denigrating his father.

George sat diminished, demoralized and reticent to push back.

"I mean...shit, mom, you have a killer bod!" The young man asserted boldly, "...and not just your ass."

"You have great legs and tits too," David concluded his indecent praise with a frankness a son shouldn't even think about his mother, yet alone actually speak.

"David, that's so crude!" Kate exclaimed, aghast at her brazen son's temerity.

David was pushing the limits with the rude language about his mother's physical attributes, but it kept her flushed and flummoxed to his advantage. He suspected the suggestive compliments were flattering to his mother at an age when she began to question her beauty.

Any flattery, even from her nasty son, was emotionally appealing to the insecure woman.

"David, really, such words about your mother!" Kate gasped, struggling to maintain a firm parental tone - particularly with the constant presence of her son's obviously hardened cock so prominent in her line of sight.

"I'm sorry, mom, but you're hot," David countered matter-of-factly. "I'll bet Mrs. Rutherford isn't the only one of your friends who'd like to have a piece of your ass...and some of their husbands too."

"DAVID!" Kate cried in outrage.

"Hell, I'll bet even their sons wouldn't mind getting you in the sack," the brash teenager unrelentingly added flagrantly before his stunned mother could respond. "I know a few guys who would love to get into your panties."

"Oh, David...seriously!" Kate stammered, flabbergasted. "That's nonsense."

Kate's face flushed pink with embarrassment at the immodest suggestion of her attractiveness to others, especially her friend's husbands...and their young sons!

Despite her outward denial, the untoward praise sent a warm glow coursing through her body and her breathing shallowed...and then, there was her son's ever-present erection.

A taboo image flashed through her mind of David using that powerful tool on her body this morning, before she quickly dispelled the impure memory.

"They probably just never had the courage to hit on you," David reeled in his flustered mother.

"Shit, even I'm getting turned on looking at you in your cute little tennis panties," David overtly guided her attention to his rigid hard-on. "Just look how hard you've made my cock."

"DAVID, HONESTLY!" Kate cried in distress, but her attention was easily drawn to the tensing meat pushing against the strictures of her son's shorts.

"Well, it's true," he protested vehemently. "You did this, mom...made me this hard. It hurts to wear my shorts."

On cue, David undid the snap and pulled down the zipper, releasing his inflamed pole to pop upward from his shorts. The veined shaft was impressively thick, topped by a light purple flared crown.

"DAVID!" Kate reflexively yelped at the suddenness of his exposure.

George only lowered his eyes to his lap, embarrassed by his own shortcoming, and likely knowing where things were headed...as it were.

In her bound and distraught state earlier that morning, Kate had not really seen David's sizable cock, although she had certainly felt it. Now, she was having difficulty averting her amazed eyes.

"Don't just stare, mom. It's painful," David chastised his paralyzed mother. "Help me out."

"I'm sorry?" Kate mumbled dubiously, feeling a sense of panic growing within.

'This isn't right,' she correctly understood as she unraveled emotionally. 'I really should go...go to my room...get out of here!'

Kate realized she should reject her debauched son's plea for assistance, but was too addled and alarmed.

Her submissive tendencies were taking over, supplemented in part by the unquenchable sexual desires feeding her need to obey. Kate knew she shouldn't...she couldn't...but?

"MOM, GET OVER HERE!" David's stern voice shattered Kate's indecision and turmoil. "GET THESE SHORTS OFF AND TAKE CARE OF MY COCK!"

When his frozen mother stood in place unmoving on shaking legs, David put the full force of his will to his order.

"NOW, DAMN IT!!" The imperious youth yelled.

Her pride and moral fortitude fragmented by her weakness and growing thirst, Kate collapsed to her knees before her son on the sofa.

All resistance was crumbling. David's mother could barely control her trembling hands as she reached for the waistband of his pants to pull the material down.

'OHH, MY GOD, WHAT AM I DOING?!' Kate's brain screamed at her to stop.

Once his pants were at his ankles, David slid further down the cushion, so his mother was squarely between his spread knees. His swollen cock and fleshy scrotum were served up before her like a sumptuous meal.

'This is so wrong,' the broken mother knew, her mind spinning while pausing over her son's magnificent manhood as it jerked spastically only inches from her face.

It was an imposing piece of meat. More massive than anything Kate had seen in over 20 years, and the smooth rounded knob caused her to gulp involuntarily. She was both awed and terrified at the same time.

'I can't be doing this...I can't believe I'm doing this...,' Kate remonstrated herself, while doing her best to convince herself of the necessity of the act...that she had to do it.

In truth of fact, under David's dominating presence, she did.

"Do it, mom," David smugly encouraged his hesitant mother. "You can do it."

Kate anxiously placed flat of her palm at the base of his wavering pole to steady it, then stroked up the firm staff with her encircling fingers as her heart fluttered.

'Oh, dear...it's so thick,' she marveled dumbfounded, with her tentative discovery of the girth of his fat cock bringing David's immediate disapproval.

"NOT A HAND JOB, MOM!" The dictatorial young man admonished his confounded mother. "UNDERSTAND?"

"Yes, David. I...um...understand," Kate cautiously signaled her recognition after her demanding son's harsh chastisement.

Gathering herself before closing her fretful eyes, Kate bent to slip the tip of her tongue from between dry lips until contacting the warm spongy surface of her son's cockhead.

"Awwhhhh, yeah, that's it...that's the way, mom," David sighed, confidently running his hand down the back of his mother's head with appreciation while applauding her with positive reinforcement.

"Uhh...," Kate inhaled, stiffening once more when her moist tongue first felt the tender skin of her son's crown.

David's reserved mother was not new to giving head. Over the years it had become her preferred method of tending to her husband's sexual needs.

So dissatisfied she was with his inability to bring her to orgasm due to his size, or lack of it, a late-night blowjob was easier than the frustration of arousal without completion.

George didn't seem to mind, since it allowed him to avoid the humiliation of embarrassing sexual intercourse with his unfulfilled wife.

Frankly, with much practice, Kate had become quite proficient at sucking George's tiny prick. She had always reassured him lovingly it was just the right size for her mouth.

"The perfect cocksucking size," she thoughtfully assured.

That was a harmless lie, but her dominating son's big cock was an entirely different matter.

David had hoped, without any real justification, that his mother was accomplished at the art of fellatio, and wanted to test her skills to find out.

At the same time, the depraved teenager intended to take Kate down another rung on the ladder of degrading servitude to him. David wanted his mother to learn to love sucking off her well-endowed son.

He ambitiously expected that once Kate overcame her repugnance to the previously incomprehensible thought of sucking her son's big cock, she'd grow to appreciate the debasing act out of sheer lust and submissiveness, even as she struggled with the moral conflict it created in her soul.

Now, his nervous but earnest mother was taking the first step to fulfilling his hopes as she placed her quivering lips tenuously on the supple head of his upright stanchion.

Drawing a deep breath to calm her rapidly beating heart, Kate opened her eyes to target the dense brown nest of her son's pubic hair ringing the bottom of the meaty pole she intended to descend.

Before taking that life-changing plunge, however, Kate traced the moist tip of her tongue all along the rim of his swollen cockhead...circling once, twice, and then three times, before finally capturing the entire bulbous knob between the edges of her luscious lips.

Widening more than she was accustomed to accept David's prodigious crown, his attentive mother swirled her wet tongue all around the soft surface with it firmly in her mouth.

"Ahhhhh...," David marveled at the sight.

The fat tip of his erect cock was lodged between his mother's full lips as she bathed the sensitive head with her tongue, lolling around the rim and over the slit several times in preparation for the inevitable next step in relieving her son of his 'painful' erection.

"Dad, you gotta see this," David cruelly called to his father. "Mom's gonna give me head."

The young titan was being more than merely sadistic. His enthusiasm for forcing his father to witness his wife's descent was intended to drive home to George his son's newly-established preeminence in the family.

To his disgust, George raised his tortured eyes just in time to behold in vivid detail the moment his loving wife of 20 years lowered her mouth down the inflated cock of their 18-year-old son.

Kate's corruption was complete and unmistakable as inch after inch of David's long, thick shaft disappeared between her engulfing lips.

"Mmmmmmm...," David's reaction was simple and exultant.

George sat as if in a dream - so surreal and decadent was the moving picture unfolding before him. His once-virtuous wife was still fully dressed, except for her pleated tennis skirt, and on her knees between the spread legs of their slouching son with his shorts adorning his ankles.

David's stiff, saliva-coated cock stood poised on full display as his conscientious 40-something mother slowly retreated up its substantial length to the tip to relinquish the vibrant stalk.

With Kate's hair pulled back in a cute, sassy look, nothing obscured the spineless husband and father's visibility of his wife's lips wrapped around the wide bulb of David's cockhead as George readily discerned her tongue playfully teasing the impressionable knob.

Kate's diminutive size was striking next to their powerful son's muscular physique as she worked to consume his thick pole a second time. Her flushed cheeks bulged while traveling her shameful journey down the length of David's shaft, keeping her blue eyes open to focus on the forest of brown hair as it drew closer.

Unable to take her son's full measure completely the first time, and no doubt accustomed to the shorter distance in accomplishing the feat with her husband, David stared unblinking as his beautiful mother nearly swallowed his entire cock whole on her next attempt.

"Ohhhhh...shit," David moaned aloud as Kate slid her tongue along the underside of his tensing pole as she went.

"Uck...ggck...," the remarkable woman only stopped when a subtle gag in the back of her throat told David it was as much as she could take for the moment.

"Fucking awesome," David called out in his exuberance, certain she could ultimately accept it all.

George also watched Kate hit her limit. With a knowing frown, he understood how their son felt, familiar with his wife's technique. The sorrowful father sat silently in the easy chair, a forgotten witness as his loving wife earnestly undertook the taboo task of sucking off their only son.

'This can't be real,' Kate marveled, disbelieving as she accepted more and more of her son's protracted shaft into her mouth. 'I'm sucking my teenage son's cock!'

But it was very real as her mouth filled with each inch of David's meaty tool.

Kate had blown a few other men before she met George, but nothing the size of David. Her gorged mouth had never felt so full, and her resilient jaws stretched to their limit to absorb her son's broad circumference as the curly bush of brown hair grew near.

David's majestic cock was like nothing she had ever experienced. The graceful but taxed mother did her best to accommodate as much of it as possible within her expansive mouth, uncertain she was capable of taking it all.

When she had finally stopped, she figured she had about 6" of pulsing flesh in her mouth. Acknowledging the gagging affect, she pulled back deliberately, dragging her red lips along the crimson length of his sensitive shaft.

Reaching the flared head, she took another tongue swipe around the inflamed surface to her son's utter delight.

"Ahhhhh, yesss...," David cooed.

Breathing deeply in preparation for another try, Kate then dropped down her trembling son's hard cock again.

"UNNNHHHHH...," David moaned urgently in accompaniment to her efforts, vocally signaling his approval of his skillful mother's cocksucking technique.

Shamefully, George's own small member stiffened at the sight of his respectable wife scandalously taking on their fortunate son's sturdy cock.

Envious of David's manhood and imposing size, the milquetoast husband grew inappropriately aroused by the sight of Kate's cheeks bulging as she devoured as much of their son's stiff meat as she could handle.

"Mugcck...gguck...uggh...," Kate nearly made it all the way to the base while issuing quiet gagging mewls.

Engulfing most of the 8" length of her dazzled son's dense pole, the determined mother adroitly let the spongy head push into her throat with only minimal resistance, before backing up once again.

Kate's pale cheeks hollowed applying suction to his ardent shaft as she withdrew, and her lips trailed a shiny sheen of saliva on its flushed skin. Reaching the summit of his robust, iron-bar staff, she pulled off, but didn't pull away.

'Huhhh...huh...,' Kate drew deep breaths, and a slight glimmer of a smile broke on her face expressing a warped pride in her accomplishment.

"Uhhhuuuuhhhhh...oohhhh...mom," David exhaled in clear satisfaction as his resolute mother next attacked his sensitive crown, encircling the soft, swollen surface with the moist, tensile flat of her actively dancing tongue.

To George's obvious despair, Kate then performed a stimulating technique on David she never did with her husband's short, slender penis.

Pursuing David's stout tool as it slipped from her mouth to press against his abdomen as if trying to escape, Kate pursed her sensuous lips to slowly glide along the underside of his thick shaft down to the scrotum in the same way a musician plays a harmonica.

"Unnnh...ohhhhh...awwhhhhh...," David sighed as he surrendered to the unbelievable talents of his bewitching mother's superb mouth.

'That's not right...or fair,' George pouted jealously of the special treatment his wife gave their son. He correctly feared his long-suffering wife was so starved for a big cock after so long she couldn't help herself.

Kate was indeed losing herself in the act - either forgetting, or ignoring, the fact it was their son's rock-hard cock she was sucking so skillfully. Instead, the fallen mother simply enjoyed the erotic power of David's tremendous weapon between her straining lips.

"Ahhh...umm...yesss...," David moaned in gratification, and Kate shamefully basked in the litany of contented sighs as he wallowed in the wonderful sensations of his mother's delightfully soft mouth.

Focused on his wife's growing lust for their enraptured son's rigid cock, George didn't realize he was tugging on his own modest hard-on through his pants.

Irresistibly watching Kate apply her luscious lips along the length of David's twitching pole and licking the purplish knob each time she reached the bulging head, Kate's next trick nearly made her anguished husband shoot his feeble load right there.

Returning first to the pulsing shaft, George caught a wild, wanton look of naughty intent overtake his mesmerized wife's glazed blue eyes when she lowered her mouth to David's saggy scrotum

Crossing the fleshy sack daintily, David's imaginative mother meticulously slathered her moist tongue along the loose tender skin to coat with saliva.

Seeking her son's left testicle, Kate ran the tip around the circumference of his big ball gingerly, lifting the heavy orb with her tongue to gauge its size and weight. The intrigued mother knew the savory contents inside the egg-sized sphere waited for her to coax free from its prison.

'I would have never guessed David was so well-hung,' Kate's devilish mind filled with her impure revelation about her son's engorged cock and full balls. 'It can't be from George.'

An opprobrious image of her father unexpectedly popped into Kate's head as the source of her son's generous endowment, impurely imagining her own dad's big cock filling her mouth.

'Oh, dear god, what's wrong with me?' Kate flushed with shame, quickly vanquishing the unnatural thought.

Kathryn Thornton had never even seen her father naked, and certainly had never thought of her kindly old man in such perversely sexual terms. Until now.

Pruriently, Kate could only wonder about the genetic connection between grandfather and grandson, but she had more immediate needs to satisfy.

Lust drove the captivated woman now, along with a submissive need to satisfy her depraved son and his mighty cock. Each held an overwhelming power over the suborned mother, and apparently, her eldest daughter too.

Kate lovingly toyed with David's delicate right nut, daubing it with moisture and even taking it gently between her tender lips. The very taboo nature of her lewd act spurred her forward.

"AAAGGGHHHH...UUHHHH...," David groaned his enjoyment at the scorching sight of his pretty mother before him, fully-clothed and on her knees, working his cum-laden balls with everything she knew.

'Mom is so much better at sucking cock than Allison...at least before I got her properly trained,' the pleased young man appraised with satisfaction.

'Even then, I need to have mom teach Allison how to give head,' he decided before succumbing to his mother's suckling mouth. "I'm sure there's more sis can learn."

David suspicions were now realized...his mother had clearly perfected her artistry for blowjobs over years of sucking her husband's diminutive tool.

As the incestuous barrier's shattered, Kate's unbridled enthusiasm for David's big cock took over her morality and rationality. Beguiled by the power of his impressive phallus, she grew enamored with bringing off her son by employing skills she had fantasized about using, but never could on her husband's tiny penis.

Kate's petite hands braced against David's muscular hips as she performed her magic on his cock and balls, with the light from the sun shining through the window gleaming off her diamond wedding ring to reflect exquisitely in her fixated son's elated eyes.

It was all too incredible to be true.

"HUHHH...UHH...HUUH...," David's breathing accelerated, and his eyes glazed watching his talented mother expertly torment his achingly hard cock.

The virile teenager's balls were brimming and ready to burst. He wanted it to last, and was doing everything in his power to resist his laboring mother's persuasive mouth.

For her part, Kate was convinced her son was on the brink, and ready to blow with just a bit more effort. Daring for the first time to look her son directly in the eye with a taunting gaze, she tentatively but with a coquettishly raised eyebrow, captured his bobbing cockhead between her widely-splayed lips.

Pausing momentarily to heighten his tension while encompassing the swollen crown, his awe-inspiring mother smoothly downed his throbbing length until she consumed the full eight inches of his stalwart cock.

'MMUMGG...UGCKK...UMPH...,' Kate choked as the expansive knob of her son's flaring cockhead punched into her throat again, impressing itself against her bulging windpipe, with his wiry pubic bush scratching her upper lip.

"Ohhh, fuck yeah, mom...," David howled his approval of her efforts. "Throat me...suck me like that!"

"HHHUUAHHH...," Kate didn't stay down long, gasping for air after drawing up the shaft deliberately to the tip.

With her straining lips drawn and cheeks hollowed, Kate's delightfully playful tongue trailed along the sensitive underside, before she immediately plunged down again to begin a rhythmic bobbing intended to bring her faltering son to the mind-blowing climax she knew he wanted.

'Mmmph...mmmh...slmphhh...,' David's mother hummed and slurped on the veined thickness of his slobbery shaft, returning again and again to energetically swallow his vibrant pole at an increasing pace.

Kate doggedly pursued her son's orgasm, every few times swirling her tongue around his agitated cockhead, before effortlessly engulfing his rigid pole once again.

"UNNNH...AHHGGH...OHHH, FUCK...OH, MOM...SUCK ME!" David groaned out his encouragement to his artful mother as the strain built within them both as her effort to suck him off gained intensity.

'HUHHH...UHH...HUUUH...,' David's erratic breathing deepened and his thighs quivered with stress.

Kate's progressively dominant son's magnificent cock pulsated in Kate's mouth as she alternately applied suction and then her teasing tongue in equal measure and at just the right moment.

Admittedly, David's experience at getting head was limited to his sister's newly-trained mouth, but the wild-eyed young man had never felt anything like how his mother was toying with his cock.

It was clear Kate knew what she was doing.

Despite his exploitation of his mother's submissive nature and her need for sexual satisfaction, for the next few minutes their roles reversed, and David was completely under her power as Kate continuously devoured his tensing shaft.

"UUNNNHH...AANNNHHH...OOHHHH...MOM!" David wailed, nearing the breaking point and ready to explode.

Kate's lips stretched around the impressive girth of her son's throbbing cock as she drove down one last time, taking the fullness of his huge pole until it again pressed against her windpipe.

Rather than throating her son one more time, David's experienced mother wisely rose to leave only the sensitive knob in her mouth, with her straining lips encircling his broad rim.

It was clear David was on the edge, and Kate prepared to accept her cresting son's forbidden seed.

"OHHH, SHIT, MOM...UNNH...GONNA...UNNHHH...!" David groaned an inadvertent warning of his oncoming eruption, bucking his hips reflexively and quaking throughout his convulsing torso.

David hadn't planned on giving his mother advanced notice. He was afraid she'd pull off, but the words spilled from his lips as uncontrollably as his spunk was about to spill from his balls.

In truth, Kate had no intention of David's cum splashing onto her face or fashionable tennis shirt. She was accustomed to swallowing his father's puny mouthful and expected to do the same for her son.

So, to David's surprise and pleasure, his mother stayed affixed to his crown, neatly encompassed by her soft lips as the initial pulse of warm cum rocketed onto her waiting tongue.

"Mmuurrgghhh...umm...," Kate gurgled her receipt of the pressurized jet of David's jism as it occupied her mouth at a volume and exit velocity that was greatly unexpected.

Quickly, a second spurt of thick cock juice coated the inside of her mouth, with the viscid goo filling the recesses of her cheeks. Kate diligently worked to gulp the flowing river of incestuous spunk down her throat to make room for the next salvo of dense cream gushing from her son's spewing cockhead.

"UUUNNNGGGHHH...OOHHH...FUCK, OHH MOMMM!" David bellowed his orgasm as he emptied his balls into his mother's receptive mouth.

"SWALLOW...UNHH...MY CUM, SLUT!" The abusive collegian shouted to break another barrier by disparaging his genial mother with the offensive name.

Kate was nonplussed, and merely took the insult in course as the ravings of an excited youth as she consumed her shuddering son's salty-sweet cum.

David's semen was different than the sour taste of her husband's thin sperm, and much more voluminous. Nonetheless, Kate swallowed each burst as David's brimming gonads pumped a steady stream of viscous fluid between her vacuuming lips.

It was a frightfully erotic and perverse scene - one the poor wife and mother could never have imagined in a million years. She tried to blank her mind to her husband's presence mere feet away, and the harsh reality it was her own son's cum she drank down with such determination.

Instead, Kate focused on preventing the powerful deluge from overflowing her mouth.

From his vantage point, George disquietingly watched Kate's throat ferry each batch of their son's cum to her stomach, with her dainty larynx bobbing up and down regularly.

The dominated husband and father sat in awe as his capable wife efficiently ingested their teenage son's torrent of steaming spunk with her lips never leaving David's spurting cockhead.

"Oooohhhhh...uunnnnnhhh...," David's whimpering moans lessened as he stared glassy-eyed at his mother.

Kate's distended lips stayed wrapped around the rim of his crown as she nursed on the tip, taking every ounce of jism he produced. Wantonly, she even lightly milked his draining balls to ensure she extracted each drop.

Finally, the abundance of David's manly spend was reduced to a trickle, with the warm contents of his prodigious testicles safely ensconced in his diligent mother's stomach.

'Whew...huh...,' Kate breathed more freely with her depleted son's orgasm completed.

Sliding the tip of her tongue over the seeping mouth of her son's cock slit, she gathered the last remnants of musky cum as it emerged. When she was at last able to pull away from her enervated son's softening tool, a long string of translucent jism stuck to her bottom lip, snapping off to hang thickly from her chin.

Obscenely, a rivulet of milky white cum also dripped from the left corner of her mouth, evidence of the sheer quantity of David's ejaculate and his otherwise proficient mother's inability to contain it despite her best efforts.

'Hunhh...ohhh...,' David was speechless, emitting only gratified sighs between the sounds of his breathing, and looking at his mother with astonishment and no small amount of admiration.

Kate's pretty face was the sweetest vision he had ever seen. She looked almost angelic to the demented youth, with her close-cropped bangs dampened to her forehead by the glistening perspiration covering her flushed skin.

'Whewww...wow...," Kate drew air in heavily.

Running her tongue around the insides of her mouth and over her teeth to seek any residual vestiges of his cum, the tidy mother slipped the moist appendage to encircle her lips and chin to dutifully search for any drop of the pearly liquid managing to escape.

George sat astounded.

His loving wife Kathryn, the mother of their three children, had just debased herself in such a deviant manner by giving their insubordinate son an incredible blowjob with him sitting only feet away.

Worse, after witnessing the wicked display, the betrayed husband had a wet spot on the front of his pants where he spilled his own small amount of semen, unable to control his lurid excitement at the lewd performance of his obedient wife.

As her sanity returned and the unthinkable nature of the despicable act washed over her, Kate trembled uncontrollably with humiliation and despair.

'I'm gonna be sick...,' she questioned as a slight queasiness overcame her, knowing her stomach contained a healthy serving of her impudent teenage son's abundant seed.

The conflicting warmth of the sexual glow from the splendid blowjob she had just administered to what she reluctantly admitted was the most impressive cock she had seen in years, wasn't enough to ease her mind of the shockingly disgraceful and immoral display.

'Oh, dear god, what did I just do?' She asked herself rhetorically. It was a question she wouldn't allow herself to answer, only acknowledging it was what she had to do to placate her domineering son.

Kate simply refused to accept that blowing David had driven her lust to a peak, denying the reality that the large throbbing presence of her sociopathic son's tremendous cock filling her mouth was incredibly erotic.

"Good girl," David commended his compliant mother, lightly running his hand over her silky hair in condescending praise as he would a pet.

Despite herself, Kate couldn't escape a sense of demented pride, and the reputable socialite knew in her heart, if not her mind, that David had broken another barrier.

Kate Thornton, dignified wife and mother, resigned herself to knowing she would suck off her powerful son again at his command...and do much more than that in the future.

END PART 08

Family Takedown 09
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. You've been warned.

*****

DINNER AND A MOVIE

When evening arrived, Allison arrived with it to join the family for dinner after a productive day of studying. She was determined not to allow her new subservience to her brother ruin her grades.

The 19-year-old coed divorced her mind from her life of sexual servitude at home and dove into her school work with renewed fervor. It was only the normalcy of school, and the sense of accomplishment she received from her studies, that kept her afloat emotionally.

Allison's academic success maintained her self-esteem, countering her submissive acceptance of the debasing sex acts required by David, even if she secretly admitted he gave her incredible orgasms with his wonderful cock.

Only Brit wasn't present at what was a remarkably normal dinner, attending the aftergame party at Jenny's and then staying the night.

Allison was ignorant to the events of the afternoon, or that her mother had surrendered her dignity with the awful, yet disturbingly erotic act of giving head to her tyrannical 18-year-old son. Conversation focused on school, tennis, and wrestling, with no mention of the 800 lb. gorilla of deviant sex at the dinner table.

After dinner, George was contemplative, presumably deep in thought about everything occurring in his household to himself as well as his wife and daughter.

He was pleasant to the two ladies, offering to help with the dishes, but was afraid to look at David, intentionally side-stepping his son as his lone meek act of defiance.

Allison and Kate understood. Their father and husband was every bit as much subject to David's brutal control as they, and frightened of incurring his son's mercurial wrath.

David, on the other hand, didn't care. He knew his message to his father was clear.

George wouldn't dare mess with his plans for the evening with the two submissive women - his pretty, petite mother and his brainy, busty sister.

Brit would return tomorrow, and he was already formulating ways to bring her to heel. That would be more difficult than the ease with which he broke his weak mother and timid Allison.

As his twin, Brit was more like him. David feared she wouldn't take kindly to the intimidation tactics he used to gain their obedience. But that was for tomorrow.

David had plenty of plans for tonight, starting with enlightening Allison to the harsh degree of their mother's downfall. He corralled both women in the kitchen as they put away the leftover food, while George dried the dinner plates wearing the rose-pink apron David insisted upon, just for a laugh.

"Well, here we are, just the three of us," David smirked, thinking it enjoyable not to recognize his father's presence. It was all part of his gambit to diminish George further.

"It's been quite a day," he suggested. "Wouldn't you agree, mom?"

"About that David," his mother tried to project her parental authority. "You can't expect your behavior to be acceptable?"

Kate's remorse had built again since the afternoon blowjob. For her own sanity, she believed she had to at least try to resist, even if she understood it was a futile gesture.

"What was wrong with my behavior?" David challenged.

"DAVID! SERIOUSLY?" The unapologetic wrestler's mother protested. "YOU...YOU TOOK ME THIS MORNING!"

"Took you? Took you where?" David grinned at his mother's euphemism.

Kate was clearly unable to say what had really happened on the weight bench, so he forced the issue.

"You mean...I fucked you?" He chuckled. "Isn't that right?"

"Okay...yes, David, you fucked me...and...and you made Allison lick me...lick my pussy," Kate spoke, but her exasperated voice faltered.

The modest mother struggled to use the nasty words to express her displeasure with her son, to describe the indecent things he had done to them, and her frustration with her and her oldest daughter's new station at home.

"You shouldn't do that again...ever. To either of us. It's incest, David, and it's wrong!" Kate complained.

Doing her best to be strong, she foolishly hoped to reason with David, yet feared her resolve wasn't secure against the strength of the forbidden truth - her submission was arousing.

Worse still, her son's powerful cock had felt good...too good.

"Allison's a grown-up, believe me. If she wants to refuse me, let her try!" David barked, shooting a glaring look at his sister, who received his message clearly as she scooped the pasta into a plastic bowl.

"Besides mom, I didn't hear you complaining," he retorted viciously. "Moaning maybe, at least once you got into it, but not complaining."

"You can't tell me it didn't feel good...that you didn't cum?" David followed scurrilously.

Secretly, he was pleased his mother had said 'shouldn't', and not 'can't', do it again. It was sure sign of her uncertainty after the tremendous climax she experienced from his unrelenting cock.

"David, that's not fair...any woman would...I mean, you made me!" Kate's feeble attempt to extract herself from the ugly truth of her collapse under her son's yoke was backfiring.

"Damn right, I made you!" David crowed. "I made you cum, mom...probably the best orgasm you've had in years."

David intended to forcefully shut down his mother's petty rebellion, and clearly establish his expectation to have her again, whenever he wanted...and Allison too.

"I'll make you cum again too, both of you...," he informed them with deadpan seriousness, "when and as I please."

George stood silently by drying dishes, pretending he didn't hear a thing, and ignoring the subtle stirring in his pants too.

Kate leaned into the sink and lowered her eyes. She knew her awful son was right.

The flame of resistance to the horribly perverse sex with her children was extinguished by his strength and the erotic desires still burning brightly in her mind...and body.

"Why don't you tell Allison what you did this afternoon?" David assumed a happier, more positive tone.

George's ears now perked up, avoidably hearing the lurid description of his wife sucking their son's hard cock.

Kate, however, returned a hesitant, unpleased look at David, shaking her head 'no' ever so slightly in hope of some reprieve from telling Allison the awful truth about how far she had fallen in servitude to her son.

"Well, I played tennis, Allison, as always," Kate answered, knowing this wouldn't satisfy David, but she had to try.

"With Mrs. Rutherford, right?" David asked with feigned innocence, then teased his mother. "She sure is a 'special' friend."

Kate didn't appreciate the way David emphasized the word 'special,' but decided it was best to let it go. They all knew to what he was referencing.

"Then what did you do when you got home?" David pressed inquisitively.

His apprehensive mother paused.

"Please, David, don't make me...don't make me tell your sister?" Kate dropped all pretense, pleading with her son not to make her recount the perverse blowjob she had given him in their family room.

"Oh, I think you should, mom," David replied, an edge of warning in his tone, "...in vivid detail."

Kate knew she was getting nowhere. She also knew Allison wasn't naïve, at least not anymore under the tutelage of her brother.

Even knowing Allison had most certainly sucked David's cock too, she was too embarrassed to describe the shameful deed she performed at his behest...in front of her husband no less. Still, she knew better than to refuse, certain David's punishment was worse than the humiliation.

To Kate's utter distress, she was quickly learning that fulfilling her son's demented demands generated a certain erotic energy in her body, as if the shame was a turn on.

'What's wrong with me?' she thought, before turning to impart the afternoon's debauchery to her daughter, hoping to keep the ribald tale as matter-of-fact as possible while still meeting her son's demand for detail.

"Well, Allison, when I got home from playing with Mrs. Rutherford," Kate started, not realizing her double entendre, "David asked why I wore a skirt over my 'tennis panties.'

He asked to see them, so I took off my skirt in front of him and your father."

"Dad was there?" Allison asked incredulously.

"Yes, sweetheart, he was sitting in the easy chair in the family room while David sat on the sofa.

David was only wearing loose pants, and I could see his...um...his penis up his pant leg. It started to get hard." Kate's voice halted, but she continued with the story.

"He said it was from watching me strip off my skirt in front of him...," Kate related uncomfortably, "and from standing there in my 'tennis panties.'"

"Go on," David was pleased with the retelling, urging his mother onward.

"Well, he said it was my fault he was hard. He told me I looked hot in my 'tennis panties,'" she regrettably told her stunned daughter, "...uh...because they showed off my 'spectacular' ass, as he called it."

"He said I was responsible," Kate said uncomfortably, "...and should, you know, take care of it for him...you know...his erection."

Kate paused a moment, trying to find the words for what came next, searching in her daughter's eyes for the understanding and sympathy she knew was there from her similar experiences with David.

"So, I got down on my knees in front of your brother and I...I took out his cock. I mean...," Kate struggled to put the act into words, with her suffering only adding to David's perverse pleasure. "I took his pants off."

"With dad there?" Allison was shocked.

"Yes, Allison, your father sat there and watched...and did nothing," Kate answered with disdain at her husband's weakness, and at his failure to defend his wife from the degrading demands of their muscular, domineering son.

George shrank from his wife's chastisement while David smiled.

"Then I...oh, forgive me...," Kate sobbed and her head dropped in shame, "I took your brother's cock into my mouth, and I...I sucked him."

"She did a damn good job too!" David's thrilled interjection indicated his satisfaction with the telling of the story.

"You could learn a few things about sucking cock from mom, Allison," David advised. "She gives great head!"

Kate squirmed from David's insensitive compliment, while contrarily experiencing an unexpected rush of pride in his glowing praise.

"I sucked him until he came, Allison," Kate confessed, knowing her demanding son would appreciate the sordid detail. "Your father watched the whole time as I...um...I swallowed your brother's cum."

"Every drop!" He cried out. "Drained my balls like a pro."

"She really was impressive," David chimed in once more with an untoward embellishment of his mother's shameful performance.

"Her only flaw was not looking me in the eye," he critiqued, "...but she got 2 of 3 right, without even being told."

Her son's description made Kate feel even dirtier than she already did, although she didn't understand the reference to '2 of 3', so looked at Allison quizzically.

"He means you did it right by not using your hands and swallowing his cum," Allison explained dispassionately. "But you missed one. A 'great cocksucker,' as he says, looks her man in the eye while she sucks him off."

Allison was rather didactic in her approach, but her response was correct so David didn't intercede, only nodding his head to concur.

"Oh," was all Kate said. "I didn't know that."

"You'll learn," David said with confidence. "Allison's learning. Right, Allison?"

"Right," Allison sheepishly admitted her improvement towards becoming a 'great cocksucker.'

"Now that we're all here, this would be a good opportunity to go over a few things," David invoked a stern tone to emphasize the seriousness of following his twisted house rules. "I have some expectations of you both, and I don't want to be disappointed."

Walking over to his mother, dressed in her standard Saturday attire of designer jeans and a button-down blue cotton blouse, David boldly grabbed the front of her bra and shook it.

"For starters, when you're at home, you don't wear a bra...either of you. No excuses," David explained audaciously.

"You both have great tits, and they should be on display," he remarked. "If I want to see cleavage, I'll tell you to wear a push-up bra, but that's the only reason."

"But what will your father think?" Kate objected out of habit. "What about Brit? She'll know something weird is going on."

"If you want to know what dad thinks, ask him? Here, let me," David haughtily turned to his dad, timidly watching his son's exhibition of control, and wishing he had the temerity to confront him.

"Hey, dad, is it gonna bother you if mom walks around the house without a bra?" David asked, before calling out his father's lascivious side with a reference to George's large-breasted daughter.

"Or how about Allison?" He followed. "I saw you checking out her big tits this morning. I bet that wouldn't bother you at all."

George dipped his head again, avoiding his wife's glare of disgust and too embarrassed to look his daughter in the eye, knowing he was busted for disgracefully scoping out his brainy daughter's impressive jugs that morning.

"Yeah, that's what I thought...and let me take care of Brit," he warned ominously, his last words a portentous insight into David's plans for his twin sister that no one in the room missed.

"But David, I like the support. I'm not a young girl anymore, you know, I need it," Kate persisted, unhappy with the idea of walking around braless. She was sensitive to the idea her mature C-cup breasts would look saggy.

"Nonsense," David replied crudely. "You don't need to worry about that, mom. From what I saw this morning, your tits look great...big and firm. Now, take it off."

"You too, Allison, off with it," he reiterated, turning to his sister dressed in her typical baggy sweatshirt and jeans.

Allison deftly reached under her floppy shirt and adroitly removed the black satin bra she chose that morning from her new collection of sexy lingerie David insisted she buy, tossing it on the table with a smirk at her brother.

Kate was not so fortunate. Her tighter blouse forced her to unbutton the front to access her lacy pink bra.

"Cute," David remarked on his mom's frilly garment. "See Allison, mom already knows to wear sexy underwear."

Reaching behind her back, Kate undid the hooks then slid down the straps, ultimately removing the cups from her flushed chest.

"Hand it to me. I want to see," David ordered, holding out his hand.

Kate reluctantly turned the bra over to her demanding son, still uncomfortable exposing her breasts despite the day's sordid events.

"32-C. You have pretty big tits for such a small woman, mom," David said coarsely. "I mean, not like Allison's huge knockers, but they sure look big on you."

Once again, his mother blushed at the inappropriate compliment from her son as David admired her chest.

Kate's breasts were good-sized, especially on her small body, with a gentle slope giving them a teardrop shape. There was a little of the sag she worried about, but nothing you wouldn't expect on a 40+ mother of three. All things considered, they looked nice, with a pale flesh-tone where her tan-line ended and without any stretch marks or blemishes.

As she started to put her blouse back on to cover them completely, David noticed her dark rose nipples were wrinkled and hard.

"Stripping in front of people turns you on, huh mom?" he chuckled immodestly. "Or maybe it's just the humiliation."

Kate's pulse fluttered at David's mortifying observation. She couldn't escape the flush of uneasiness with the truth of the revelation before her daughter and spineless husband that she was slightly aroused standing partially naked in the kitchen.

"You also need to wear nice sexy panties," David continued with his explanation of acceptable home attire.

"Cotton is okay, in the right style, but none of those plain 'granny panties,'" he advised. "They should be bikinis or a thong so you can show off that great ass."

'What's gotten into him? Is this really my son?' Kate only stared in wonder as David described her expected wardrobe with crude commentary. 'Who does he think he is to be so demanding of his mother and sister?'

David's next request snapped Kate from her bewildered reverie.

"Show me, mom...earth to mom?" David instructed with condescension ringing his voice. "Show me what you're wearing...your panties."

"Now, mom...drop your pants!" He ordered when she didn't move.

"DAVID, REALLY?" Kate was taken back by her son's impertinence.

Stunned, and secretly aroused by his authoritative command, she simply complied, unbuttoning the snap and pulling down the zipper before shucking the jeans to her knees.

"You may as well drop yours too, Allison," David suggested.

Allison didn't think twice about removing her baggy jeans, even in the presence of her sniveling father, who was witness to her nudity earlier in the morning anyway. She was accustomed to David's 'panty checks,' and certain the black lace bikini briefs she wore would meet his stringent requirements.

George was surreptitiously pleased too as his oldest daughter, the one most like him in brains and temperament, revealed her panty-clad bottom to his furtive eyes.

'Allie's bottom looks even sexier in skimpy panties,' her smitten father inappropriately thought.

It was scandalous for him to even look, yet alone so lustfully, and he did a poor job of pretending to avert his gaze, to the notice of his wife and children.

"All the way, mom. Toss the pants," David insisted. "When Brit's not here, it's perfectly fine to walk around the house in just your panties. At least for now."

David's qualifier was another hint he had something in mind for his twin sister, but Kate didn't want to know.

Kicking her pants off her feet, his obedient mother set them on a nearby chair to stand restlessly in front of her son with only the hem of her blouse obscuring the fact she wore a plain white cotton thong.

"Turn around," David ordered, twirling his finger in the air like a deviant Hollywood producer at a casting call.

Kate turned unhappily, disgracefully on display as her son made her model her underwear.

"I like the thong, mom, it shows off your marvelous butt cheeks," David rudely lauded his blushing mother. "White cotton is kinda sexy too, but I'd better see satin and silky lace in the mix from now on."

Admiring his partially-clad mother and sister, David paused to observe before moving along with his evening.

His mother, all 5'2" of her, did look good. Her butt and thighs were muscular and lean from years of tennis, with the globes of her ass toned and hollowed on the sides.

Allison's ass, by contrast, was round and plump, but equally pleasing on her 5'8" frame. As an added benefit, his sister's broad flanks were an enjoyable handful to grab when she was fucking him on top.

The two women really were quite different.

Kate's tanned complexion and medium-length straight sandy brown hair contrasted against Allison's pale white skin and dark brown curly pixie cut. Allison was obviously taller and bigger next to their diminutive, svelte mother, but also carried fuller facial features compared to Kate's more chiseled nose and chin.

Their only common attribute was their blue eyes...and their proportionally big tits.

"There, now we can enjoy our evening," David concluded. "Remember this going forward. It's important to make yourselves accessible and available to me when you're at home."

Kate was scarlet with humiliation. David's expectation of her readiness to service his aberrant sexual needs was now upfront, and emphasized by the scant clothing required of her while at home.

Allison said nothing. She was more acclimatized to the change in the sexual environment of the household, even if still coming to grips with the introduction of her parents to her brother's unconscionable scheme.

*****************************

The four retired to the family room, and simply focused on a movie the rest of the evening, with Kate and Allison sandwiching David on the couch between their braless, panty-clad bodies.

Surprising to both mother and daughter, David didn't touch them. He didn't even mention anything about sex. As always, George sat to the side in his easy chair. Just a typical family home evening.

"I'm ready to head upstairs," David yawned at the movie's conclusion, stretching his arms as if sleepy. It wasn't until then that the evening took an atypical turn.

"Hey, I got an idea, let's do a sleep-over in mom and dad's bed," David announced to everyone's stunned silence.

"Um, David, I don't think that's such a good idea," Kate said warily.

A temporary moment of rationality returned to Kate as she raised herself from the sofa, generated in part by the relative normalcy of simply watching a movie unmolested on a Saturday night.

She knew to be cautious. She wasn't sure if David was serious, but didn't like the idea of the kids in her and George's marital bed. Particularly for what she assumed her lascivious son had in mind.

"Don't you think you're a little old to be sleeping in 'mommy and daddy's' bed'?" Kate's tried to ridicule her son with sarcasm that blew right past him.

"Too old for sleeping maybe, but that isn't really what I have in mind," David replied had an evil grin.

Allison, two weeks further along in her subservience to her brother, said nothing, simply starting the trip upstairs.

"I'll be there in a minute," she told everyone obediently, but with her enthusiasm clearly lacking. "I need to brush my teeth."

Kate looked at George, assuming she would receive no help from her cowardly husband. She was pleasantly surprised when he spoke up, even as mild and ineffective as it was delivered.

"Wait Allison. David, this is really too much...I mean, why don't you just sleep in your own bed?" George treaded as lightly as he dared, careful not to rile his son's temper.

Hoping to combine efforts with her husband's brave but modest reproach, Kate felt a nervous chill come over her, but still pushed back. She was as fearful of her son's enmity as George, but felt she had to at least try.

It was risky, and the punishment could be severe if she challenged his authority, but she continued anyway.

"Allison, your father said to wait!" Kate used her strongest 'mother' voice, searching for the will to exert her natural authority as parent, even if dressed down in the unaccustomed attire of only her blouse and a thong.

"David, this has to end! You can't do this to us...don't you know how terribly wrong this is?" Kate asked rhetorically, knowing her son had to see this whole turn of events as unnatural and perverse.

"We're your family...I'm your mother, for goodness sakes!" Kate decried her misbehaving son. "You can't just order us around like two harem girls."

Her voice was loud but wavering, signaling an absence of confidence in her position that David could easily detect.

"I WON'T LET YOU DEFILE US! NOT IN OUR MARITAL BED!" Kate finally shouted. "THAT'S FOR YOUR FATHER AND ME ALONE! IT'S SACRED, DAMN IT!!"

His parent's pathetic revolt set David into motion.

"OH, YOU THINK SO, HUH?" David shot back in a rage. "WELL, I'VE GOT AN IDEA ABOUT THAT TOO!"

The autocratic youth needed to quell this uprising immediately and in a demonstrative manner, leaving no doubt in his irresolute mother's, weak father's and obedient sister's mind who held the power...who was in charge, so each would passively assume their new roles.

Bolting from his seat to grab his unaware mother by the wrist, David dragged Kate effortlessly across his lap, with her head held down by a firm grip to the back of the neck.

Allison stood by with trepidation, eyes bulging with shock, and afraid to intercede on her mother's behalf knowing the correction she would incur. George did nothing, remaining seated.

"DAVID...WHAT ARE YOU DOING?" Kate yelped in surprise. "LEAVE ME ALONE...LET ME...

'WAP!' The crack from the sound of David's hand smacking against his mother's bare right ass cheek.

"OOOWWWWWHHH...!" Kate's high-pitched shriek quickly followed, with the burning sting of the hard slap leaving a pink handprint on her pale globe.

"LET ME TELL YOU SOMETHING, MOTHER...," David yelled.

'WAP!' Another whack fell on Kate's meaty left flank, primed and ready for abuse in her captured position over his knee, with the pain shooting throughout her posterior as the fleshy cheek recoiled.

Kate's struggling hands were unable to protect her, with David's strong arm pinning them against the sofa cushion.

"IF I SAY IT'S A GOOD IDEA...THEN IT IS!" He commanded.

'SMACK!' A third excoriating blow landed on her right butt cheek again.

'WAP...WAP...WAP...,' David began a pattern of alternating between her squirming glutes, blistering each with a series of painful open-palmed spanks sending his mother into a paroxysm of shrill cries.

"OUUUCCCHHH...AAAGGGGHHHHH!" Kate wailed in misery. "NOOOOO...STOP...IT HURTS!"

But David didn't stop, insistent he leave a lasting impression not just on Kate's reddened derriere, but on her mind, while also setting an example for everyone else.

"Ohhh...," Allison gasped and drew her hand to her mouth, but otherwise remained motionless.

The brilliant coed was too terrified to help her mother, and afraid of trading places with her to the point of inaction. Allison was familiar with that position, and would do whatever necessary to avoid it again.

"SO, IF I TELL YOU TO DO SOMETHING...UNGGH...YOU DO IT!" David chastised vehemently, while working every square inch of delicate flesh on his mother's reverberating bottom and upper thighs to heat the wiggling surface to a warm glow.

"IS THAT SO FUCKING DIFFICULT TO UNDERSTAND, MOTHER?" The insolent youth scowled.

"WWWHHAAAAA...!" Kate bawled, kicking her feet harmlessly in protest and unable to prevent the torment of her toned ass.

At her breaking point, unable to take any more and regretting her decision to resist her overpowering son by aligning with her tamed husband, Kate gave in.

"OOOWWWW...OHHH, DAVID STOP...OOWWW, PLEASE...NO MORE!" She pleaded earnestly. "I UNDERSTAND!"

"SO, YOU'LL DO WHAT I TELL YOU?" David asked insistently.

"OHHHHH...YESSS!" Kate cravenly capitulated. "WHATEVER...WHATEVER YOU SAY!"

Kate was horrified, both from the content of her words, but also at the damp feeling growing between her legs at speaking them. The defeated mother was willing to do anything to stop the pain - to end the disparagement of her bottom, and the damage to her psyche at her unwanted sexual arousal.

'Oh, what's wrong with me?' She wondered with bewildered doubt. 'He's turning me on.'

Kate's public disgrace, punished before her husband and daughter like a wayward child, and the awful recognition of her own arousal in response to the demeaning subjugation by her son, gnawed at her pride and fueled her lust at the same time.

"EVEN IF THAT MEANS FUCKING YOUR SON IN YOUR MARITAL BED, MOTHER?" David challenged. "FUCKING HIM IN FRONT OF YOUR HUSBAND?"

David angrily pressed the issue, driving the message home in the most reprehensible and debasing manner he could think of to demoralize his faltering mother.

For the first time, she detected her son's large erection pressing into her mid-section, as disciplining his mother had clearly erotically affected her wicked teenager.

'Huh...huh...,' Kate was distraught, and her breathing was irregular. She knew it was not just from the physical scourging of her backside, but also from the illicit frenzy her son's demeaning words awoke within her mind.

Caught up in the pain and her unwanted sexual stimulation, Kate didn't immediately notice the diminished ferocity and frequency of David's spanking, as he gradually eased the paddling of each tortured globe. Soon, her attentive son was tenderly rubbing the hot skin of her tush...made a fearsome shade of red and exquisitely sensitized.

'Ummm...mmmh...,' Kate whimpered to the comforting change from her son's painful spanks.

The punishing blows removed, Kate now acted solely on intimidation and the humbling shame of an erotic warmth generated throughout her crotch as her son caressed her soft flesh with an uncomfortable familiarity. Abandoned by her husband and filled with her need, she docilely surrendered to her son with tears welling in her eyes.

"Yes, David," she offered haltingly, "even that...even if it means fucking you in my own bed...fucking you in front of my husband."

Kate blubbered the words with a rush of passion-driven excitement rolling through her body at the unnatural concession. Somehow her devastating fall before her family added an unrestrained thrill of degradation to her growing sexual need.

George's heart dropped for his servile wife, but he still did nothing.

A tingling grew as he was subjected to the painful picture of his son displacing him in his bed with his wife. The improper pulse of arousal kept George chained to his chair - anxious and reluctant at the same time while witness to his son's use of Kate, his wife and David's own mother, dominating her with his power and virility.

David knew his point was made, and he expected his mother to be more compliant from now on, just like Allison. The clever young man soothed Kate's inflamed ass cheeks with care and consideration, even blowing on them lightly to cool the burn.

"That's a good girl. Isn't that much nicer?" Deprecation dripped from his words, but David didn't wait for an answer to his query, setting his tear-filled mother on her shaky feet as he rose from the sofa.

"Now, you stay here for a minute while I shut down the house," David whispered with hushed authority. "Allison, weren't you going to go brush your teeth?"

David locked up and shut-off the downstairs lights, a role usually performed by his father.

Collecting his recovering mother, he guided her up the stairs, purposefully walking behind Kate at ass level. His mother's beautiful paddled bottom looked like a ripe tomato swaying with each step.

'Shit...unbelievable,' the gloating teen marveled.

Kate's usually pale cheeks remained red and smarting, in marvelous contrast to the cotton thong as the thin white fabric disappeared into the crease splitting her full globes. His athletic mother's ass muscles flexed, displaying the benefits of her gymnastics and tennis training.

David's cock twitched just watching his sexy mother walk, with her delightful, reddened butt cheeks occupying his full field of vision.

'Jeez, I can wait to sink my cock into mom's sweet ass," he anticipated disturbingly.

*****************************

When the pair arrived at Kate and George's bedroom, she paused one last time, hoping against hope this was some perverse nightmare, and that her son was only joking.

'Maybe he'll just give me a harmless kiss, and head down the hall to his own room,' she absurdly kidded herself with wishful thinking.

Not surprisingly, that proved to be a pipedream, as David gently pushed his unsettled mother into her bedroom by her shoulders to make his intentions clear.

"I need to brush my teeth too, David," Kate said respectfully, stalling the inevitable for as long as possible to disappear into her bathroom.

'How is this happening?' Kate questioned herself.

The fallen mother wasn't referencing her actions. She understood those after the agonizing punishment she had endured.

'Why am I getting so turned on?' She wondered in confusion.

Kate's concern reflected her acute misgivings about her sexual excitement. The same query kept popping into her head as she rinsed her mouth with mouthwash, but intuitively she knew the answer.

She was naturally submissive, and her son's frightening superiority reduced her ability to resist him physically.

The answer was a previously undiscovered aspect of her personality. It was a subconscious truth she had kept deeply buried, and was only now rising to the surface.

*****************************

George entered the bedroom last, and David wasted no time explaining the set-up to his father.

"I think you'll be more comfortable spending the night in the big easy chair by the wall, dad," David stated plainly.

"Better viewing, ya know," the belittling youth suggested disparagingly, indicating an innate understanding of his father's hidden lecherous desires.

"Take your clothes off. It'll be easier to get at that small pecker," he disrespectfully snickered as an aside.

In the bathroom, Kate tenderly rubbed ointment onto her sore backside as the terrible realization of her son's recognition of her 'truth' slowly became clearer.

'David knows,' she concluded. 'He sees it.'

Kate's insightful son had seen it...her secret need, and preyed upon his lovely mother's submissive tendencies that only June knew well.

Maybe it was his dominant nature, but even with her reticence and distaste for these acts of incest, David detected those impulses driving her undeniable lust - a lust feeding her subservience, and in turn driving her desires even more.

It was a vicious cycle influencing both of their actions.

END PART 09

Family Takedown 10
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

Thank you to those who have written to comment on this story. I do appreciate it and your suggestions for story ideas. This story is already written in its entirety, and for those of you who have asked, it will post in 13 parts. That said, I am open to writing Book Two of David's salacious saga, as I have other characters in mind for his conquest. Part 09 was mostly set-up, but this part is longer and contains much graphic sex.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex, including anal sex. If that bothers you, please don't read it. You've been warned.

THE SLEEPOVER...NOT REALLY

When she could finally delay no longer, Kate opened the bathroom door to the startling sight of her fully naked teenage son, his hands behind his head with his feet nonchalantly spread a few feet apart, reclining against the headboard in the center of his parent's bed.

There was no hiding David's semi-hard cock above his hairy scrotum, purposefully unobscured to emphasize the substantial size of his egg-sized balls.

Still, the thick meat lay soft enough to land commandingly between his thighs, only because he had already cum three times that day. There was little doubt it would otherwise be stiff as a board from the provocative sight of his mother.

"Ohhh...," Kate squeaked her surprise without knowing, a warm rush of blood coursing her body to make her light-headed at the unusual sight of her nude son in her bed with his impressive cock on full view.

Her face flushed despite her moral need to reject anything and everything about the situation. With what had happened today, she shouldn't have been taken aback, but it was still all so new and surreal.

Kate spied her husband, also naked and parked in the chair in the corner, with less interest. He was weak and her son's strength of will was intoxicating.

George's puny member hung lifeless amidst the salt and pepper nest of his pubic hair, with his slender body almost womanly in appearance compared to the muscular frame of their son.

"That's cute, mom," David acknowledged his beautiful mother's adorable bedtime outfit.

Kate had chosen to wear a pair of light blue cotton bikini panties and a matching cotton chemise with a small dark blue bow at the neckline -- similar in style, although not color, to the set David cut from her body just that morning.

The panties hugged her pussy nicely, but not in an indecent way, while the chemise was form-fitting...clinging to every curve of her lovely chest, and tracing the outlines of her rounded tits sloping to her protruding nipples.

Pressed against the opaque fabric, the responsive buds came to life at the unwanted vision of her naked son in her bed. His mother's sandy brown hair was pulled into a loose ponytail held with a matching blue Scunci.

"This is what I always wear to bed. You may remember from this morning," she said innocently, but with a touch of sarcasm.

It was her only reference to the bed clothes he'd stripped from her on his weight bench. She didn't want to incite any lascivious memories for him to act upon.

"Well, it's sexy as hell, I'll give you that, but probably unnecessary," David nodded as he spoke, admiring how incredibly sensuously his mother was dressed without her even realizing it.

"Now, why don't you take those off and get your hot ass in the bed," the daring youngster brazenly told his nervous mother, teasingly issuing the double entendre referencing her paddled and delectable bottom.

"I wouldn't want to ruin another set of bed clothes," he added playfully.

"Ahhh...," George breathed a deep gasp at the temerity and confidence of his bold son's salacious order, squirming in his chair with his own weakness.

Kate's conflicted soul fought between her abnormal moral dilemma and the flush of excitement racing through her receptive body at David's powerful command.

The complacent mother's presumptuous son had cut to the chase, literally and figuratively supplanting his father, by telling his mother in crude but certain terms to join him in his parent's marital bed. She understood fully his meaning and the implications.

'He's going to fuck me in my own bed...in front of my husband...his own father,' Kate marveled, accepting the inevitable with wonderment, and looking at her son stoically but with unvarnished respect.

Balking for only a moment, she glanced quickly at her husband with both love and disdain.

Her eyes glazed wet with guilt, the compromised wife and mother nonetheless reached for the hem of her chemise to tug the thin fabric up and over her head, unable or unwilling to resist the compelling strength of her son's voice.

Kate's wonderful tits were on full display before her son, and her nipples stood fully erect in response to his lewd request. Hooking her thumbs into the waistband of her brief panties, she tensely peeled them off her hips to drop to the floor, tossing both items onto a chair by the bed.

David's mother stood motionless for a moment, battling to reconcile the indecent act she knew she would commit. That was fine with him, taking the opportunity to admire once again his mother's lovely form.

Kate's chiseled, porcelain facial features dropped to delicate shoulders, with her full breasts suspended above a remarkably flat stomach, then sloped to the light brown curly tuft of fur covering the delta of her vagina, before finally ending with the slender but powerful tapered legs of an athlete.

At 41, Kathryn Thornton was a spectacular sight...especially naked.

With her moment of doubt lapsed, Kate haltingly started towards the bed to join her son. She sought to avoid looking directly at his notable manhood, but found herself unable to avert her eyes for more than a few seconds at a time before returning to his splendid cock.

By the time Allison made an appearance in the doorway, Kate was kneeling on all fours at the foot of the bed, her delightful breasts a pendulum beneath her flushed chest, and an adoring fog of growing lust in her blue eyes.

As with her mother, Allison was startled by what she saw, with her naked father the first surprise.

George's eyes perked at the sight of his daughter too, knowing she could see his bare body and embarrassed with the prospect as compared to his athletic son.

Allison was doubly shocked at the nude forms of both her brother and mother, on her hands and knees as she timidly inched further up the bed to her reclining son.

After a few weeks of catering to David's disturbing wishes, Allison knew what to expect, now fully-versed in his deviant tastes and perverted desires.

Nonetheless, this sordid display with her parents caused her to start, and a moment of panic weakened her knees.

"Ohh...," she gasped.

Unlike her mother, Allison eschewed her usual nighttime attire of panties and a big floppy shirt, opting instead for only a black cotton tank top stopping just above her vagina.

She was not wearing panties, perhaps knowing they wouldn't stay on for long, leaving her bald mound boldly on view -- a fact George noticed immediately.

The tank top didn't cover much of David's busty sister's chest.

It was intended simply for allure, and unbelievably racy draped in form-hugging fashion over her big jugs. The arm holes dropped low on her torso, creating a tremendous expanse of side boob, and her giant tits pushed firmly forward with only a small suggestion of droop from their sheer size.

"Shit, sis, that's fuckin' hot!" David exclaimed, clearly pleased. "I didn't think it was possible to make those fabulous melons look any better than they do naked, but this is giving that idea a run for its money.

David's brainy, big-titted sister was finally learning to put her best assets forward, so to speak, showing signs of adopting his preference that, at least when in his presence, she dress to please.

Even her mother couldn't believe how enticing her oldest, most reserved daughter looked dressed in only the scant tank top. Her legs were muscular but tapered to the ankle, and her pussy was totally bare -- a sight Kate still couldn't quite believe even after their wicked morning shower.

Allison's chest...well, her chest was spectacular. As a woman with some experience with another woman, Kate could appreciate her daughter's incredible tits.

"Hop in here with us, Allison, I have a job for you," David invited. "Oh, and you can take that tank top off too."

The day's humiliations were enough to prompt Allison to understand she had no choice.

Over the past weeks, it had been difficult accommodating herself to the notion she was at her little brother's beck and call for sex at his pleasure, but she was growing to accept it.

This morning's activities blew that out of the water. Involving their mother and father took events in an entirely new direction.

Her deviant brother basically forced her upon their captive mother, requiring Allison to incestuously lick Kate's pussy in preparation for David's cock. Allison had caved to David's intimidation and meekly acquiesced, eating her unwilling mother's mature snatch as Kate issued muffled protests.

The shower afterward was just one more bizarre occurrence she could never imagine, touching her mother so intimately while Kate returned the caresses.

Still, she couldn't deny that her mother brought her to a powerful orgasm and, for the briefest moment, the tenderness of their kisses truly aroused her sexually.

Now, her kinky and controlling brother wanted her to join him with their mother in their parent's bed for a night of inconceivable debauchery. Seeing no choice, Allison pulled the bottom of her shirt over her head and threw it on the bedside table by her father's reading glasses.

Joining the two, she crawled up one side of the bed while her mother crawled up the other, both on hands and knees, with their amazing tits swaying freely beneath them with each move.

"Stop there," David ordered when they were at his mid-section. "I mentioned you got two out of three 'must-do's' correct this afternoon, mom. I want Allison to teach you about number three."

"We'd better leave the light on, so mom can see," David decided for the benefit of his father...and himself.

The contemptuous young man placed both women to his sides so George would have a good view of each as they ran their tongues along David's swollen shaft and took his son's thick cock between their soft lips.

Allison looked at David uncertainly.

He was telling her to show their mother about keeping her eyes on a man's eyes while sucking his cock. David's downtrodden sister had blown her brother plenty recently, but never with anyone else watching, particularly her mother and father.

Allison was petrified, on hands and knees near his waist, with her large breasts no longer swinging, but instead lifting and dropping sensuously with her breathing.

Finally, looking at Kate, Allison found her will to perform at her brother's command.

"Watch my eyes, mom," Allison instructed.

With those words his sister bent to her task, snaking out her pink tongue to draw from the base of her brother's semi-erect cock to the top, bringing it to life. Allison's dark brown curly hair was short enough in its pixy style to not block any of the action.

Kate leaned in horrified at the sight of her oldest daughter skillfully using her wet tongue on her brother's admittedly exceptional cock. Her striking blue eyes were fixed as Allison repeated the motion several times.

Kate was transfixed by the unthinkable vision of her daughter licking along her relaxed younger brother's growing shaft as it swelled under her pleasing efforts.

David looked down from his perch at the headboard as his intelligent sister with the voluptuous body plied her new talent, all the while enjoying the view.

'I'll never get tired of watching Allison's tits while she's giving me head,' he thought.

What he actually said however, shocked his sister and mother alike.

"Wouldn't you like to feel Allison's mouth on your little prick, dad?"

George sat rubbing his stiffening cock, the horrible thought already crossing his mind. He did his best to ignore it.

It wasn't until her daughter fully invigorated David's expanding tool and popped the flared crown into her mouth that Kate was able to focus on Allison's blue eyes, trained unerringly on David's while swirling her tongue around the sensitive knob between her ruby lips.

David caught his mother's eyes switching to Allison's and smiled.

"Mom, a talented cocksucker always focuses on the eyes of the man whose cock is in her mouth," he reinforced the message for the sake of clarity. "It's polite, respectful, and shows him his pleasure is your only concern."

It was as if her son was reading from a sexist 'how-to' book.

"Even when she's taking him all the way down," David suggested, looking directly at his sister with a raised eyebrow.

It was a silent order to swallow the full length of his cock for their mother's edification.

Smart girl that she was, Allison took the hint and proceeded down the 8" span of his completely extended pole.

"Muck...ggck...," she gurgled, stretching her lips to encompass its wide girth as each inch disappeared until she hit the base and her pleased brother's light brown pubic hair tickled her nose, with several inches of his thick cock lodged in her flexing throat.

"Awwnnnh...," George groaned audibly from the corner, longingly watching his son's long shaft disappear into his daughter's mouth.

"Notice she never takes her eyes off mine...and she never once uses her hands," David instructively pointed out. "Hands are for playing with a man's balls and that's it, but you already had that right, huh, mom?"

David's speechless mother didn't answer the rhetorical question as Allison worked back up her brother's inflamed tool, with her lips trailing a glistening saliva path up the solid stalk.

When his sister took his hard meat in to begin a ritual of bobbing up and down its length again and again, David returned his gaze to his mother with a wink.

Kate was frozen with awe, mouth agape at the forbidden spectacle of her sweet 19-year-old daughter with her brother's rampant cock buried in her mouth. Her pretty blue eyes grew wet with moisture at the conflicting emotions created by the distressing image of the unspeakable act by her children.

'It's so unnatural, so depraved,' she knew, yet was unable to deny the remarkable eroticism of the performance, with her nipples hardening and her pussy developing an uncomfortable itch.

"Get it, mom? I'm sure you can do that too," David encouraged his dazed mother with the reassuring voice of a parent teaching their child to ride a bike.

"Why don't you give it a try now?" David ordered in the form of a question.

When Kate didn't move, apparently unaware he was even talking, David explicitly barked his question as an order.

"Hello mom! You getting this?" David treated her like an idiot. "I said, 'give it a try.' Suck my cock, mom!"

George actively tugged on his small penis at the news of his wife taking their teenage son's cock into her mouth. He couldn't seem to help himself.

Alerted by his demanding tone, Kate's trance broke as Allison backed off her brother's slick pole, giving the head one last swipe of her tongue before releasing the throbbing meat to bounce back against his abdomen.

Allison simply gave her dazed mother a look that said, 'it's all yours.'

Kate was hesitant to accept her son's stiff cock into her mouth in front of her daughter, even though Allison had just done the same. For some reason, it bothered her less that her powerless husband was in the room.

Leaning in slowly to examine the shiny spit left by Allison on his veined tool, their mother swiftly captured the head between her grasping lips.

"Eyes," was all David said and his mother's pretty blue eyes instantly drew to his equally blue pair, staring intently at her son, afraid of making a mistake despite his obvious expression of glee.

Without further instruction, Kate Thornton defaulted to everything she knew about giving a blowjob, confident in her skills after the positive reassurance she had received from David for her effort that afternoon.

'He's so much bigger than George,' she thought with wonder, sucking in his thick shaft, and still unaccustomed to how much it filled her mouth.

Even then, she managed to take it all down to his pubic bone for the first time, perhaps inspired by her daughter.

The spongy knob pressed against the back of her mouth, pushing to briefly enter her throat. Kate wanted to impress on her son she was every bit as capable as her deep-throated daughter.

David appeared satisfied with the warm confines of his determined mother's wet mouth as her tongue taunted his full stalk of cock meat.

George was fully engaged with his own tiny prick as he longingly watched his wife take on their son's cock, with her jaw straining wide and his scrotum at the rim of her stretched lips.

Pulling to the top, Kate drew her teeth lightly across her excited son's sensitive cockhead, scraping the surface and sending a chill up David's back at the new and unexpectedly delightful technique.

'Mom really does know how to suck cock,' David realized.

"Ummm...ohhh, mom...your mouth feels great," David moaned for the benefit of himself and his father.

A glimmer of a grin formed at the edges of Kate's wide-open mouth and in her sparkling eyes at her son's reaction to her cocksucking efforts. Never leaving her son's, her blue orbs carried the devilishly playful look of someone who knew she had some form of control over her new master.

With her light brown bangs framing her face, and her crystal blue eyes set against her pale skin drilling into his own, his mother looked more angelic than any sainted mother could possibly look as she indecently nursed upon his agitated crown.

Satisfied she had properly appeased David's demanding desires, Kate dropped once more in a race to the bottom of his ardent pole, swallowing whole the broad shaft so the rubbery knob again pushed into her throat.

"Mggh...mungh...ucck...," she choked.

Just as Allison had, the older woman started the continuous bobbing up and down, sucking effortlessly on her satisfied son's incited cock.

Still, unlike David's sister, their mother once again demonstrated her experience by giving her mouth a sensuous twisting motion each time she drew up his pole to send another arousing pulse throughout his body with the skillful move.

"Yesssss...ohh, holy fuck, mom...," David exclaimed at the brilliant technique.

Allison, only a spectator, but looking marvelous to her father as she sat to the side in the nude, was fascinated by her mother's performance.

She could never imagine her prim and proper mother in such a position, as Kate was always the exemplar of propriety...polite and societally correct.

Even after the lamentable events of that morning, to see her mother completely naked on hands and knees, her lips stretched to erotically encircle her son's stiff cock while working to suck him off, was a sight too surreal to be believed.

Feeling left out, and even with a modicum of jealousy, Allison joined her mother even without her brother's permission.

Bending beneath where Kate fervently swallowed David's highly-stimulated pole, Allison slipped to his scrotum and began tonguing the fleshy sack, prodding and poking each heavy nut with the tip, and running the flat over the saggy surface.

At her angle, she couldn't get the large spheres into her mouth to gently suck, but was able to lift first one ball, and then the other onto her tongue to bounce and tease.

"Ohhh, nice, sis...," David moaned his approval of his older sister's unauthorized action. "Yeah...tongue my balls."

George stroked his cock regularly, unconcerned with his display as his wife worked her magic on David's engorged tool. From his position, his bent-over teenage daughter's pretty pink hairless slit winked in his direction, as if in unwarranted invitation to her smitten father.

David was surprised and delighted. His wildest expectations for the evening were already exceeded, and he hadn't even cum once yet.

His alluring yet reticent mother was expertly sucking his cock deep into her mouth with a smooth, polished motion, while his large-breasted genius sister's face was between his legs massaging his full balls with her tongue.

It was all becoming too much, and David felt his orgasm building.

"OHHH...OHH FUCK! UUNNHHH...OHH MOM, OH SHIT...OHHH, YOU SUCK COCK SO WELL!" David lavished his unwanted praise on his talented mother's oral skills.

Summoning his last bit of fortitude before he lost it completely in the velvety warm mouth of his mother, David gave one last instruction before he blew.

"Allison...switch. Switch with mom," he called imperatively. "Ohhhh...ohh shit...I want to cum in your mouth...but don't swallow."

"HURRY!" David's urgency was clear.

Kate couldn't understand why she wanted the 'honor,' or why she wanted to perform such a depraved act, but in her heart, she was disappointed her son didn't want to shoot his cum into her mouth after the tremendous blowjob she was giving him.

"Mom, c'mon...," Allison advised, pulling her mother back as Kate was so engrossed with the goal of making her son cum.

Allison didn't want to disappoint her tyrannical brother.

"Muummm...mmphh...," Allison clamped her mouth around the head of David's pulsing cock just in time, catching the first bursting jet of her brother's salty explosion as it charged into her mouth, leaving their mother leaning on her haunches in dismay at her sudden exclusion.

'I thought I was doing a good job?' Kate questioned herself in a blow to her self-esteem. She had no way of knowing the insult was not her son's intent.

"UUUNNNNHHHH...OHHHH, YESSS, ALLIE! OHH, FUCK YESSSSS!" David exalted his release into his devoted big sister's sumptuous mouth.

In the corner, George jerked wildly, spying his curvaceous daughter consuming the jets of cum streaming from her brother's cock.

It was the most perverse thing he had ever seen. He wanted so badly for it to be his own cock Allison was sucking, and his own cum she was drinking, that any moral considerations were thrown to the wind.

"OOOHHHHH...!!" David groaned at the top of his lungs, spilling his seed between his waiting sister's ruby lips.

Glob after glob of his spunk filled Allison's cheeks as they bulged with the excess. She couldn't believe the volume he could produce considering he had already cum several times that day, but she couldn't swallow per his order.

Still, she didn't want to lose any either, so did her best to accumulate it in her mouth as another thick wad pumped from his cock slit.

Eventually, she gratefully detected the first signs of his slowing down.

"Uunnh...uunnh...aahhhh...," he continued his sighs through to the end of his exhilarating orgasm.

When the last spurts of cum entered her mouth, Allison drew off David's cockhead deliberately, trying her best not to allow any to dribble down her chin. A fine glaze of her brother's sticky spunk glossed her lips, but otherwise it was all intact and safely ensconced behind her pursed lips.

Allison looked at David with questioning eyes, wondering what to do while he recovered from his ecstatic peak.

"Uhh...oh, wow! That was fucking incredible!" He breathed his satisfaction as his sister continued to wait, holding a mouthful of his gooey cum.

"Mom...wow...really, just wow," David extolled his mother's debauched efforts. "You too Allison. I can't even...whew...imagine a better blowjob. Really unbelievable."

Allison waited with bloated cheeks, hoping for respite from the foul load brimming at her closed lips.

"Mom, you were great," David exclaimed effusively. "Eyes on and everything. You're really quite a cocksucker."

"Note that Allison didn't swallow automatically," he added, with the 'Cocksucking 101' primer coming to the fore as he explained between deep breaths, "...but only because I told her she couldn't."

"Allison, mom did such a great job...you both did really," David returned to his curious sister to play up his magnanimity. "She deserves some of the reward."

"Why don't you give her a long deep kiss?" He suggested sordidly. "Give her some tongue...you know...share. Let her have a taste of my cum."

Kate and Allison both blanched. Now they knew David's plan, and neither were in favor.

An intimate kiss between mother and daughter -- not a loving kiss, but one as between lovers, was bad enough. To swap tongues while Allison pushed her brother's spunk into her mother's mouth was something quite different.

With great hesitation, Allison leaned into her mother's grimacing face to bring their lips together.

Even with the first uncomfortable contact, Allison knew a deeper kiss was expected...required actually, to successfully make the exchange of creamy fluid without it spilling everywhere.

Pressing in firmly against Kate's mouth, Allison poked her tongue stealthily between her own lips, prodding her reluctant mother to open to accept her son's jism.

Closing her eyes, Kate parted her lips, allowing a flow of warm second-hand cum to pass from daughter to mother.

'Oh, how awful!' Kate convulsed within herself.

It wasn't the taste. Bizarrely, based on her earlier sample, Kate thought her son's cum tasted quite nice -- thick, robust, and full of youthful vitality, at least compared to her spineless husband's.

It was simply the terribly personal nature of it, combined with the unnatural intimacy with her daughter, even after their morning shower lovemaking session.

"That's it. Share and share alike for a job well done." David sounded like a pep coach with his superficial enthusiasm.

The imaginative youth was thrilled at the sight of the two sets of cum-coated lips mashed against each other as his mom and sister's tongues explored each other's mouth.

"What a sweet sight, a loving mother and daughter. Not something you see much in these turbulent times." David commented enthusiastically. The words sent a flush of embarrassment through both Kate and Allison.

"It's okay to swallow now that you've shared," David granted with faux generosity.

"Unnhhh...ahhh...," George Thornton moaned in the background.

The family patriarch's tiny penis spurt a small fountain of cum while pruriently beholding his fetching wife and lovely daughter swapping David's cum in a profoundly deep mother-daughter kiss that was unbelievably erotic.

Seeing the smattering of sticky cream smearing the reluctant women's lips, and the very thought of the unnatural embrace, was too much for the chastised father to handle, especially after witnessing their wanton mutual blowjob of their son and brother, respectively.

"Very nice, ladies. Let's see some tongue tango," David requested, on cloud nine directing his very own private lesbian porn video. "Get closer. Push those wonderful tits together...nipple to nipple."

Kate nearly swooned in her despair, but her tongue began to dance with Allison's regardless, and didn't pull away when her daughter pushed in closer still. Allison's warm, pillowy breasts contacted Kate's marvelously full tits, and her unresisting oldest daughter's hard nipples pressed into the erect dark rose nubs of her agonized mother.

David observed his lip-locked mother and sister with a fascination only found on the face of a kid with a new toy...or in his case, toys. He'd seen countless girl-on-girl videos, but until Allison ate their bound mother's pussy this morning, he'd never seen the real thing.

The warped 18-year-old loved it. It was so erotic and forbidden, especially since it was incestuous...mother and daughter. Unwilling, too. He knew he'd want to see it more and more...again and again.

Allison used her taller torso to pull their mother close as the illicit penetrating kisses ignited an unexpected but undeniable smoldering within her pussy. Wrapping her arms around Kate to draw her near, Allison felt the goosebumps on her mother's back, becoming ever more tantalized by the softness of her delicate frame.

As Kate returned her probing kisses and increasingly passionate embrace, she too felt a stirring so common to her when she was with June.

'Muummm...mmph...,' the sound of lips mashed together accented the mismatched women's deep breaths.

Kate sensed her daughter's breathing quicken as they upped the level of their Sapphic ardor, swapping tongues as the aroused mother placed her hands behind Allison's head to hold her close.

David wanted still more.

Apparently, so did George, toying with his soft cock, hoping for a rival of the limp flesh, with a puddle of thin, translucent cum cooling on his stomach.

The junior male Thornton was just about to order the intensely kissing duo to take the next step, but he was curious about the conflict of psychological barriers versus physiological urges affecting his mother and sister as they escalated the entwining of their dancing tongues, grasping arms, and titillated breasts.

'Which will win...morals or lust?' David wondered, so left Allison and Kate to their own devices.

'Will their moral repugnance at the perversely incestuous mother and daughter bonding be overwhelmed by the carnal physical needs rising within each from the extremely arousing kissing, slowly pushing societally-acceptable boundaries to the side?'

The young deviant's latent curiosity had to know.

To find out, David removed the last physical impediment to full physical contact between their sexually-energized bodies, pulling his legs up from between them to sit cross-legged against the headboard to see what developed.

'Smk...umck...smump...,' the smacking of Kate and Allison's full lips became louder and harder to ignore.

Gradually enveloped in their clinching embrace, their kisses grew deeper and longer, such that his engrossed mother and sister didn't notice the absence of David's body between them.

Experienced with women since her relationship with June Rutherford had turned from friend to lover, Kate became entranced by Allison's touch too

It was so wonderful, and so enticing, that any thought of immorality was slipping from her mind as she grew desirous of more of the soft caresses and devilish tongue of her brainy but beautiful daughter.

The barrier of shamefulness of their touching had been shattered that morning -- forcibly by David as he made them engage sexually for the first time, but shattered nonetheless.

With the seal broken and the wheels set in motion, Kate and Allison appeared determined to explore this taboo and undoubtedly exotic new element of their mother-daughter relationship.

'There's so much I could teach her about making love to a woman,' Kate realized candidly, convincing herself it was somehow right.

Pulling Allison's lips from her own, she looked her flushed daughter in the eyes with a mother's knowing gaze, drawing her inexperienced coed down to lay flat upon the bed.

'Oh shit, it's happening!' David's realized, and his thrilled heart skipped a beat.

The enthralled teenager sat enraptured watching his mother's seduction of her 19-year-old daughter right before his wide eyes.

Allison was laid out on the bed, her legs slack and her generous melons sliding to either side of her rising and falling chest. His older sister's pink rose nipples were hard as diamonds as their nude mother, turned on and panting with desire, hovered above.

'I'd be hard as a rock if I hadn't just cum,' David knew. Even then, he sensed the first inkling of an erection developing.

George could as well.

Taking the lead, Kate once more dipped in to kiss her novice daughter on her lusciously soft lips -- more of a caress this time, rather than the deep, lusty kissing of moments earlier.

She didn't stay long however, trailing her tender lips down Allison's chin and neck to sprinkle little butterfly kisses, and tickling her teenager as much as stimulating.

"Mmmmm...so soft," Kate lovingly nibbled the nape of Allison's neck up to her left ear, where she whispered a gentle endearment.

"I love you, sweetheart," she cooed with a genuine expression of a mother's love for her first born.

"Ohhh...," Allison gasped at both the affection and the delicate love bites from her perceptive mother.

"Shssshhh, darling," Kate followed with a 'shush' and her left hand slipped to the rise of her daughter's sloping right breast, exploring the warm, smooth skin.

Kate had always been enamored of women's breasts.

Ever since high school in the girl's locker room, she secretly peeked at the other girl's as they dressed and showered. Not salaciously, but rather with admiration for the beauty of their developing mounds.

She didn't know why, but big, firm tits always got her attention. Maybe it was because of her own disproportionately large chest on her small frame.

If pressed, Kate would have to admit that, whatever else her feelings for her friend June, the woman was stacked. It was no small consideration in her lover's attractiveness to the 41-year-old wife and mother.

Kate Thornton knew she was biased, but believed her daughter possessed the most impressive set of tits she had ever seen, including her well-built lover.

As her lust heightened within, Kate was anxious to examine Allison's delightful globes, moving her palm to the base at the side her chest where the mass of flesh collected to lift and bobble her daughter's buoyant breast.

Allison's remarkable tit didn't disappoint, and it soon became obvious to Kate her manipulation of her teenage girl's pliable boob affected Allison in an erogenous manner.

'Huuuh...huuh...,' her recumbent daughter's breathing slowed but deepened, with goosebumps rising on her pale skin, and her areola wrinkled into tight nubs of swollen flesh.

"AAAWWHHHHH...," another gasp escaped Allison's parted lips, pleasantly greeting Kate's playful pinch of the solid bud with a good firm tweak.

Now the game began, and Kate's loving caresses took on a decidedly more erotically-charged nature, designed to stimulate rather than express affection. The experienced woman's sole purpose changed, and was now intended to build her sweet daughter's arousal.

Kate planned to tease and torment Allison's voluptuous body until she could no longer resist the need for an overpowering orgasm...one provided by her mother's talented tongue.

With Allison's senses heightened and needs elevated, Kate then hoped to coax her neophyte daughter to selfishly fulfill her own lustful desires in return. All it would take was some expertly applied flicks of her tongue and a well-timed acrobatic twist of her hips.

After the coerced cunnilingus with her mother forced on Allison by David this morning, Kate wanted her unversed daughter's first true lesbian experience to be unquestionably positive and successful.

She wasn't trying to 'turn' her daughter towards women, but did want Allison to enjoy the delightful intimacy only two women could understand. Kate prospectively thought the day may come when her receptive daughter might find for herself the kind of close friendship she shared with June Rutherford.

The fingers of her mother's wandering left hand toyed with Allison's puckered right nipple as Kate turned her attention to her daughter's equally inviting, but ignored left breast.

Placing a flirtatious butterfly kiss directly on Allison's densely-compacted nub, the enlightened and capable mother deftly encapsulated the entire areola to suck exquisitely on Allison's sensitive bud.

"Uhhhmm...," Allison gasped at the sudden placement of her mother's gentle lips on her perceptive nipple.

Drawing the elastic flesh between her teeth, Kate pulled firmly on the rose-pink nipple, provocatively stretching it from the pale white surface of her mound before releasing it to snap back, then followed with a teasingly slow lick of her wet tongue all along the heated circle of tender skin.

"Oooohh...ummmm...," Allison murmured her pleasure at the attention her mother gave each responsive breast, so unlike the rough treatment of her ample tits by her callous brother.

Satisfied with her progress, Kate moved towards the heart of Allison's womanhood.

Highly-agitated and careless that it was her daughter's body she was exploring, Kate could no longer contain her eager tongue -- anxious to taste for the first time her oldest girl's essence and delve into her deepest recesses.

Trailing her scantly touching moist tongue tip along the surface of her panting teenager's rounded tummy, Allison's taunting mother paused with a brief layover to tickle her belly button.

"EEEEEHHH...," Allison released a girlish, high-pitched squeal.

Pleased with her young girl's reaction, Kate continued a calculated path down Allison's curvaceous torso as her tense daughter anxiously anticipated the arrival of her mother's scrutinizing tongue at the crest of her shaved mound...to the gateway of her pussy and all the delicious secrets lying within.

It was clear to David that both his mother and sister were now acting of their own accord, even if not necessarily their own free will. Everyone knew David had arranged this little tryst, and each woman subconsciously understood the price of refusal.

Still, the improperly matched mother and daughter acted on their own instincts, with any moral qualms overcome by the closeness of their nude bodies and the frailty of their resistance to the feminine power of seduction.

'Mom's gonna eat Allison's pussy!' David extolled in the coarse terms of a horny teenager.

David watched eagerly. His cock was nearly erect again, and he could barely contain his elation at the prospect of witnessing first-hand a mother-daughter lesbian sex show -- particularly one starring his own hard-bodied mother and big-titted older sister.

With Kate approaching from the top, blocking his view with her head, David moved to the side of the bed for a front row seat in the nearby reading chair.

Allison's mound was prickly as a late evening 'five o'clock shadow' had arisen over the course of the day. Kate didn't care.

Scanning the exposed surface of her daughter's mons pubis, the enchanted mother breathed deeply the intoxicating aroma of sexually-produced fragrance rising to her nostrils from Allison's warming pussy.

Whether intentional or not, Allison's sturdy legs restlessly parted more than just slightly, as if in invitation for her mother to partake of the treasure between her silken thighs.

It was an opportunity her degenerating mother couldn't refuse, hungry to sample all of the wonders her college coed daughter had to offer.

Returning her tongue to Allison's nettlesome mound, Kate traced a line along the curved surface down to the hood of Allison's sleeping clitoris, before bypassing the hidden nub in favor of gliding the flat of her tongue over the sealed entrance to her daughter's cunt.

"Uhhh...ohh, mother...," Allison sighed a surprised but satisfied exhale.

Nervous but receptive, the geeky girl squirmed reflexively as her mother's tongue grazed her puffy labia. Warm with flowing blood, the tender petals were only beginning to blossom and become engorged under the illicit contact of Kate's lingering first pass.

"Ummmmm...," Kate sighed. Allison tasted marvelous -- sweet and salty with the fresh dew of youth.

As disturbing an image as it must have appeared to any sane person, Kate couldn't help herself from grinning at the reality of tucking her face neatly between her daughter's spread legs to inhale passionately the aromatic bouquet of her balmy snatch.

"Mmmmm...ahhh...," Allison lay contented on the bed mesmerized, as if in a dream.

But Allison knew it wasn't a dream...it was really happening. Her petite and beautiful mother, whom she truly loved and knew loved her, was eating her pussy, and Allison would deferentially let her do so.

It felt otherworldly and wonderful...both gentle and erotic. Her mother's cheeks were soft and smooth against her supple inner thighs, unlike the rough whiskers of her brother scraping her skin when he ate her that morning.

Kate's attention was delicate and loving, and Allison relaxed, curious if her mother's tongue was different as well. She intuitively sensed Kate might be naturally more adept at pleasing a woman...particularly after the shocking revelation of her reserved mother's affair with Mrs. Rutherford.

Allison's willingness to permit this sinful performance with her mother was assuaged by the deep-seated understanding her brother was forcing both she and her mother to commit lesbian incest. Despite the alarm bells ringing in her head telling her it was all so wrong, Allison wouldn't try to stop it.

David had forced his bashful sister to experiment with sex in ways she never wanted or desired, but in doing so he had awakened a curiosity in her that needed answers. The same curiosity driving her to excel in academics, now compelled her to experience this depraved sex act with her own mother.

From his chair, David saw everything in explicit detail. His mother's ponytail conveniently held back her hair to grant a clear line of sight as she trailed her tongue along the seam of Allison's twat.

Attentively exploring the length from top to bottom to top again, David greedily witnessed his knowledgeable mother meticulously pry her curled tongue tip further into the widening breach as she peeled apart her daughter's petals to fully insert the probing appendage far into the chasm.

"Ohhhh...dear lord...mother," Allison, innocent and experiencing the ways of lesbian lovemaking for the first time, moaned huskily with gratification.

'Whew...huh...uhh...,' Kate breathed deliberately through her nose, inundating her nostrils with the enchanting sweetness of her daughter's delectable juices.

The enraptured mother's mouth was smothered by the yawning maw of her susceptible daughter's yielding cunt while dipping her tongue into spaces previously untouched. Allison's ass wiggled and hips squirmed under the persistent assault.

"Mmmmmm...uuhhhhhh...ummm...," Allison's sighs emanated from deep within her diaphragm.

The college girl's pretty blue eyes closed dreamily, leaving her in a world of her own, with each breath deepening as her mother explored the creases and folds of the interior chamber of her steamy pussy.

When Kate finally retrieved her tongue from Allison's overheated cavern, her satisfied grin was coated with a glistening sheen of her daughter's easily flowing cunt juice. It was a clear indication to David his sister was extremely excited.

'I guess mom knows how to eat pussy as well as she knows how to suck cock,' his warped mind realized.

Kate readied to finish Allison, collecting herself momentarily to sneak a sheepish glance at her audience. The conservative woman was embarrassed to perform such a twisted act on her daughter, especially in the presence of her son and her obviously interested husband.

Sitting in his chair, George openly stroked his miniscule cock to life, practically drooling at the torrid lesbian coupling of his wife and daughter.

Despite her uneasiness, Kate was far too keyed up to even consider halting the improper and immensely pleasurable task of eating her teenage daughter's lovely wet cunt.

"OOOHH...OHH DEAR...," Allison cried with the disappearance of her mother's tongue into the cleft at the apex of her burning twat to awaken her timid clitoris.

Kate took the appearance of her daughter's curious little sex button as a signal. Pursuing the buried gem, she employed a teasing foray broadly across the perceptive morsel to initiate what would become, at the right moment, an all-out offensive on the enlivened nub.

First however, it was necessary to extract the tender morsel fully by digging the tip of her tongue firmly into the covered flesh, pulling back the protective hood to expose Allison's yearning clit to her assault.

"AAHHH...AYYHHH...," Allison's moans turned to squeals again as she detected the change in her mother's target.

David's capitulating sister obediently spread her legs farther in a symbol of surrender to their resolute mother's burrowing tongue.

Kate took the hint and charged forward with a dancing poke -- prodding, taunting, licking and jabbing her energetic tongue to badger Allison's responsive clit.

Her highly-charged daughter shifted her hips, pushing her pelvis involuntarily in the direction of the delightful stimulus and seeking to maximize the contact with the pleasure-giving appendage.

"AAHHH...UUNNNH...MOM!" Allison's moans turned to withering cries rising to a cacophony of constant desire, and the young girl's large mounds of tit flesh jiggled on her chest as her breathing became rapid.

Kate now had her overwhelmed daughter exactly where she wanted in preparation for her last move -- one she was certain would meet with the approval of her demented son.

With a final burst from her quickly darting tongue in a staccato onslaught of stimulation on Allison's exquisitely sensitized clitoris, Kate sent her shuddering daughter into a paroxysm of orgasmic splendor.

"OOOOHHHHHH, GAWWWWD...OHHH, MYYY GAWWWWWD...AANNNHHHHH...!!!" Allison's mouth broke wide with an urgent cry of ecstasy as a bolt of electricity jolted her body.

Powering from her exploding clit up her spine, the spastic young woman's back arched violently upward, and her big bobbling jugs wobbled violently across her chest as her head rolled side-to-side sending her short hair flying in every direction.

"OOOHHHHH, MOMMMMM...SOOO STRONG...," Allison's toes curled as the climactic waves raced through her lower body, causing her thigh muscles to clench tightly and her legs to extend straight out a foot above the bed.

"SOOOOO FUCKING GOOD...OHHHHH, MOMMY...TOO MUCH...!" The orgasm was nearly too powerful for the nubile and inexperienced girl...unlike anything she had ever experienced.

Allison nearly blacked out, gasping for breath and staggered as her mother vigorously worked over her agitated little clit to send her body careening through the crush of pleasure rocking her brain.

Just as Allison's rolling cascade of intoxicating sexual ecstasy peaked, with her orgasmic peak signaled by the teenager listlessly dropping her head and feet to the mattress, Kate made her move.

Lifting her right leg over her daughter's limp shoulders to place her legs on either side of her head, she then pushed her own bottom down until her pussy hovered directly over Allison's face.

Kate took charge.

"Eat mommy's cunt like a good little girl!" Kate's commanding parental tenor told her daughter what to do.

Returning to the widely split pink gash of her daughter's soaking pussy, the demanding mother slurped up the copious juices flowing from Allison's effusive cunt.

It was a devilish demand spoken in a lewd tone that was half-lover, half-mother -- the first one used with June at times of naughty sex play, and the second over the years with her daughter to get her to perform her chores.

Kate was purposefully nasty to placate her awe-struck son, and to compel her pliant daughter to obey without question.

In the afterglow of her tremendous climax, and feeling the strong rush of arousal return as Kate drove her tongue once more into her daughter's hyper-sensitized snatch, at that moment Allison would have done anything to please her mother.

'Smup...slpp...munph...,' the sounds of darting tongues in soaking wet cunts took over the room.

For the second time that day, Allison ate her mother's pussy, but this time with the enthusiasm of a lover.

Encircling her arms around Kate's slim hips, she drew her pretty, loving and sensuous mother's wet, inflamed pussy to her mouth. Her eager mother's pink slit spread receptively, with the responsive labia swollen with excitement to expose the warm innermost reaches of her matronly cunt.

Kate flowed copiously with moist feminine nectar, ready to be consumed by her daughter.

"Unnh...unnh...ohhh, yesss, baby...eat mommy...," Kate mewled, jerking perceptibly with the first touch of Allison's tongue against the splayed lips of her pussy.

It helped her to ease into the impermissible nature of their mutual cunnilingus that she couldn't see her daughter's face, and that Allison couldn't see her face either.

Still, the soft introduction of her experimenting daughter's tentative tongue into the folds of her supremely excited pussy brought an appealing surge of provocative pulses to Kate's cunt, reverberating through her lower abdomen.

"Ohhh, Allie...let me...unngh...let me show...," Allison's beautiful mother cried.

"Ohhhhh, ohhh yesss, there...," Kate indecently interrupted her call with the lust of a new lover.

Kate sensed her daughter's inexperience as she cautiously dabbed her tongue tip along the spread petals framing her quivering gash, as Allison sought to impart the same level of pleasure to her mother she had just received, but uncertain if she knew how.

"Mmmmmm...Allie...work me, baby...ahhh, like that...give me...your sweet tongue...," Kate encouraged her daughter with a pleased moan, signaling her acceptance of the unnatural kisses on her nether lips and her desire for more intrusive tonguing.

A good student, Allison picked up on the message to ramp up her probing of Kate's dripping vagina, slipping her curled tongue further into the gap as she tightly gripped her mother's writhing hips.

Kate doubled down on her own efforts at slurping down the effluent spilling from between her daughter's thighs, alternatingly dipping her tongue deep into Allison's cunt, and then returning to deftly take the meaty flaps of her daughter's labia between her teeth to pull and tug erotically.

"OHHHHH...YESSS, BABY...UNNNH...EAT ME...FUCK MOMMY WITH YOUR...AWWHHH...TONGUE, ALLIE...!" Kate responded instantly and very loudly to Allison's instinctive oral talents.

David was in disbelief, even though this entire performance was at his beckoning, he hoped his athletic mother and brainy sister would form an indecent '69'. He was prepared to order it, but he hadn't expected his mother to take the initiative so voraciously and encourage Allison to follow her lead.

Now, they lay before him on the mattress, his 41-year-old mother on top and hunched over Allison, with her billowing chest smashed against her lovely, oldest girl's stomach and her face laboring between her ecstatic daughter's tightly outstretched legs.

Kate's beautiful blue eyes were wild and wide open as she flitted her tongue, with her lips and mouth rapaciously working over every inch of her 19-year-old girl's heavenly bald snatch.

At the same time, Allison drove her tongue passionately into her mother's receptive cunt hole from below, with her arms wrapped around Kate's shifting hips to prevent her from escaping her daughter's aggressive probes, and greedily lapping the exotic juices flowing from the fur-trimmed pussy of her mother with her aggressive tongue.

'MMMPH...MUPP...SLMPPH...,' the slurping tongues of both enraptured women dug into the palpitating cunt of the other, each engrossed with their task, and determined to bring the other to rousing orgasms.

Kate and Allison were now oblivious to the fixed stares of their son and brother...husband and father.

"Shit...," David sat amazed, resisting the urge to yank excitedly on his rock-solid cock only because he didn't want to cum precipitously and ruin what he knew was going to be an incredible fuck with whichever of the two writhing women he chose...or both!

'Wap...wap...wap...' George, however, jerked madly, less certain his dictatorial son would allow him such comforts.

'Mmmph...mmmp...,' Allison's mother switched her focus to her attention-needy clit, nibbling and humming on the swollen pearl to send her lively daughter's hips to reflexively buck to greet Kate's welcome tongue.

Emulating Kate, Allison reciprocated, first grasping the swollen lips of her mother's pussy between her teeth to pull in similar manner, hoping to please Kate the same way she was being pleased.

She then grazed her tongue tip lightly against her mother's greedy little sex button, finding it already extended from its protective sheath and eager for the stimulus of her daughter's tongue.

'Mmmuummmphh...unh, huh...,' Kate's cunt-muffled moan conveyed her satisfaction with Allison's attention to her exquisitely responsive clitoris.

From that point on it was a race to the mountain top as the two obscenely-paired women bore down to bring the other off, with Allison swirling her stiffened tongue tip around her mother's strident bud.

The constant, repetitive technique let Kate zone out to focus totally on the lovely waves of electricity generated throughout her pussy, driving her up a ladder of building arousal with each step drawing her closer to her sensual nirvana.

'Slammph...smak...mmpph...,' Kate locked her lips over her daughter's distended clit, teasing and badgering the pulsing nerve endings and treating Allison to a continuous application of achingly delightful contact with her mother's skillful mouth.

The tormenting tongue work sent vibrant bursts of pleasure throughout her quivering daughter's spastic cunt, and Allison involuntarily rolled her hips in unison with the rise and fall as Kate drew in air through her nose.

Kate sensed her daughter was close, as Allison's thighs began to quake uncontrollably and her stomach muscles contracted. Having already cum once, and starting in a painfully-stimulated state, it was an easy task to take Allison over the precipice again as Kate relentlessly brought her quivering daughter to another climax.

"UUNNNHHHHH...OOOHH, MOM...I...I CAN'T...UHHH...GOING TO...AHHHHH...!" Allison pulled away from her mother's flooded pussy to bellow her nearing climax.

A surge of ecstasy overtaking her body, Allison found it more difficult with each passing moment to keep the tip of her tongue on her mother's twitchy clit.

When out of necessity Allison switched her technique to running the flat of her tongue broadly over Kate's begging little nub, repeatedly stroking the agitated button and turning the waves into tsunami's crashing up her mother's body, Kate quickly joined her daughter in her climb to ecstasy.

"MMUUMM...UNNNH...OHHHHH...!" Both mother and daughter feverishly wailed, concentrated on the pounding clit in their mouths while enduring the unstoppable rising tide of their own orgasm.

David couldn't wipe the shit-eating grin off his face.

The horrible youth watched astonished as his mother and sister thrashed on the bed between each other thighs, humping each other's determined mouths in a torrid '69' embrace.

The pair jerked spastically, and sweat glistened on their shuddering bodies as the shameful duo created a symphony of moans, and simultaneously launched into a rocket-propelled mutual orgasm.

"MMMPPPPHHHH...MMUUUUUMMM...UUUNNNNFFFHH...CUMM...UHH...UHH...CUMMING...!!!"

The screaming cries filled the room as mother and daughter incestuously came together under the persistent attention of their tireless tongues.

Allison's hips bucked wildly as for the second time her mother sucked her to orgasm, with Kate bracing herself against her daughter's gyrating pelvis in a desperate attempt to keep her attacking tongue on the throbbing bud of Allison's clitoris.

At the same time, Kate's own hips wiggled uncontrollably, and her muscular ass clenched as she released her pent-up climax, with her salty cunt juice flowing in a bountiful stream onto Allison's lapping tongue.

Her daughter fought to maintain contact as her mother rode her glistening face, glazing Allison's mouth and cheeks with her orgasmic spend and grinding her clit maniacally as the frenzy of orgasm overtook her too.

"OOOHHHHHH...UUNNNNHH...UUGGGHHHH...SOOOOO GOOOD...!"

The chorus continued while mother and daughter stuck to their mission, riding out the storm of their concurrent explosions of passionate release.

'Ummmmm...mmmph...ohhh...,' the mewling sounds escaped their pussy-gagged lips as the pace slowed and the unnatural pair wound down after what seemed like hours, but was just minutes.

The jerking and bucking diminished to twitching spasms and flexing rolls of their hips, with Kate's hanging tits swaying in a circular dance in rhythm with her shuddering body.

David stared in awe. His mother and sister had just eaten each other to titanic orgasms before his wondering eyes. Kate's aberrant young son thought their performance was without a doubt the most erotic display he had witnessed in his admittedly short experience.

"Awwnh...ohhh, dear lord...," Kate sighed, finally collapsing on top of Allison's larger frame, leaving their sweaty panting bodies meshed in a clump of enervated flesh.

Both recovering women were consumed with exhaustion, and content to have successfully satisfied the other sexually to accomplish their assigned task.

David knew it was a show he would want to watch again and again.

Judging from the mind-bending power of both mother and daughter's climaxes, he suspected convincing them to overcome their moral despair at the taboo act of eating each other's pussy wouldn't be difficult...over and over.

"What...uh...what have I done?" Kate sobbed, returning to earth as remorse creeped in with the magnitude of their lascivious display.

Allison pushed her debilitated mother off her body gently...not in anger, but in sorrow. The overtaken young girl trembled with shame as she turned her nude body away from Kate, and her revulsion at sex with her mother overwhelmed her thoughts.

"Ohh, nooo...oh, please...nooooo...," Allison cried. Tears of disgust flowed from Allison's blue eyes, accompanied by her whimpering cries.

David's suddenly vulnerable sister curled up on her left-side into a fetal position, drawing her knees to her chest and wrapping her hands around her shins.

"Oh, dear lord, what have I done?" Kate shuddered, her daughter's sadness more than she could bear.

She knew she was as responsible for participating, and even encouraging the deviant sexual intercourse with her teenage daughter. She was the mother, and knew better.

'I should have been stronger...,' Kate whispered her mournful recriminations, '...for both of us.'

Setting aside her own moral opprobrium and assuming the role of mother once more...rather than lover, Kate sought to comfort Allison.

Drawing up against her daughter's nude body to embrace her shaking form, she pressed her breasts against Allison's back and raised her own legs to match her teenage girl's in an unintentional but highly-erotic spooning position.

Kate stayed there until Allison's breathing calmed and a restless blanket of sleep fell over her emotionally-troubled daughter.

The affectionate, private moment between his distraught mother and sister was every bit as exciting to David as witnessing them perform cunnilingus on each other.

The dominant lad would give them their moment, but he wasn't going to wait too long to satisfy his own pent-up need generated from witnessing the lurid mother-daughter sex act.

END SECTION

'Munngh...munnph...,' Allison woke to a stifled, low grunting moan and the rhythmic rocking of the bed.

'Kck...kuk, kck...kuk, kck...kuk...'

The bereft teenager had no idea how long she had slept. The bedroom lights were still on, but it took a moment for her to recognize her parent's bedroom, triggering the rush of sinful memories of lewd sex she experienced with her mother.

Allison's remorse reappeared, to her great despair, although the gentle thrill of the mighty climax she'd experienced under her mother's skillful tongue did as well.

The clock on George's bedside table said it was just past 1:00 a.m. She saw her naked father, asleep in the easy chair, his stomach and limp cock coated with the dried remnants of his earlier orgasm. Allison shook her head in sympathy for her maligned father.

'Kck...kuk, mungh..., kck...kuk, mhughh...mophhh...,' the rocking and moaning persisted, even as her recognition came to fore. It was clearly not part of some unpleasant dream.

Turning on her right side revealed the source of the disturbance, and a stunning picture greeted Allison. Next to Allison's nude body was her naked brother, on his knees, methodically fucking their mother doggy-style.

Kate was also naked, on her knees, hands extended to firmly grip the top of the headboard, provocatively stretching her taut, lean body from the waist up.

Her mother's silhouette was highly alluring, with her smooth flat stomach, honed from years of tennis and gymnastics, leading to the swell of her captivatingly full tits swinging seductively from her chest in metronomic time with David's measured thrusts into Kate's hospitable pussy.

Most eye-catching to Allison, reeling from the unexpected sight even after the unimaginable events of the last few weeks, was seeing her mother's mouth stuffed with the same pair of light blue panties she had worn to bed, shoved there by David to muffle the groans emanating in response to the steady drilling she was receiving.

"Mmpppff...muunnphh...muuunngghhhff...," Kate oblivious moans droned on with each powerful thrust of her dominating teenage son's strident cock into the deepest reaches of her mature cunt.

Both David and Kate's blue eyes were open, but glassy.

The wayward son held their mother by her sturdy hips, pulling her towards him as much as pushing his hard cock into her hungry snatch with a regular pace, driving all the way until his pelvis mashed against her muscular haunches with a sharp smack.

'Wap...Wap...Wap...'

Neither fixated lover was aware of Allison waking to witness the unholy union of mother and son.

"Mmmnh...mgghh...moophh...," Kate's persistent murmurs held steady and even as her head faced forward at the headboard, dropping occasionally whenever David plowed particularly deep into her womb. Her tiring cunt muscles flexed instinctively each time her son bottomed out in a desperate attempt to keep his gloriously thick cock buried in her clutching fuck sheath.

David had fucked Allison on her hands and knees on several occasions, and the brainy 19-year-old knew well the fullness her mother experienced when David's broad shaft speared deeply into Kate's gripping sex channel.

The sensation of absolute penetration generated in his big-titted sister's dominated pussy when he sank the entire length of his 8" cock into her from behind was all-consuming, and more devastatingly effective in raising her arousal and breaking her resistance than anything she could imagine.

Allison saw by their mother's reaction that Kate was undergoing the same complete surrender to her son's unfathomable thrusts as had her daughter, virtually swallowing her strapping son's wickedly tormenting shaft deeper into her vanquished cunt than anything she had in years...if not ever.

Kate was utterly subjugated, utterly capitulating, and utterly stimulated by the mind-altering pleasure of her tireless son's powerful cock.

"Grrrgghhh...unggh...unngh...," David grunted under his breath each time he zealously powered his long pole into the wet, warm recesses of his mother's luscious cunt.

Subtly building on his pace, he spuriously sought to bump the spongy head of his lance further into the unexplored reaches of her snug cock sleeve.

The bedroom light reflected off the sweat of their toiling bodies, with mother and son each working to give and get in equal measure. The unrestrained pleasure of the forbidden sex had clearly overtaken any moral reservations in their mutual search for release.

For a moment, it appeared to Allison that as her little brother brutally hammered Kate's abused pussy, he no longer thought of her as his mother, but simply as a wonderfully hot piece of ass available for his deviant use.

'Wap...Wap...Wap...' The slaps of her brother's hips against their mother's butt cheeks marked each thrust connecting their bodies as David pounded harder into Kate, pummeling her clinging pussy with his insistent cock.

'Smack!' The sound echoed as David brought the broad open palm of his right hand suddenly onto the resilient pale flesh of their mother's beautiful right ass flank with a reverberating spank.

It wasn't a hard slap -- just enough to get a reaction and spur their mother on like a crop to a racehorse to ramp up her fervor in taking her son's punishing cock.

"MUNGGH...MUUPHH...MOHHH...," Kate yelped a muffled refrain of lust.

True to form, Kate jumped in excited response to the spank, moaning her approval while grunting through her nose as David's meaty pole planted itself once more into the dark pit of her voracious twat. Kate's sandy brown bangs flipped forward with each powerful stroke.

Allison lay mesmerized by the illicit sex between her incorrigible brother and submissive mother. She was unaware of her own nipples hardening to solid points, and her breathing growing shallow...so caught up in the spectacle.

David repeatedly drove the length of his thick shaft home into their mother with greater alacrity, his pace growing blindingly fast. It was clear he was reaching the end.

'Slap...slap...slap...,' the rhythmic cadence of David's hips against Kate's upturned ass, in harmony with the 'smack, smack, smack' of his open hand on her ripe bottom, generated a hypnotizing musical accompaniment to their debauched incestuous fucking.

"UUNNNPPFFF...MUUNNNNPH...MUUHHHHPH...!" Kate's groans grew louder despite her panty-gag.

Allison saw her physically-subdued mother's white-knuckled fingers dig into the headboard, and knew Kate's need to the point of bursting.

The entire scene was a blur of action between mother and son as Allison absent-mindedly slipped her hand between her legs in demented response.

"AAAGGGGHHHH...!!!" David growled his orgasm.

Finally, blowing his proscribed spunk into the dark abyss of his mother's sacred fuck chamber, and heedless of waking his father or anyone else in the room, the vital teenager unleashed a forceful spray of potent cum from the head of his cock.

Securely pressed against his mother's cervix, the illicit semen coated the deepest part of her womb, leaving Kate had no other choice but to accept her son's forbidden seed. Dropping her head with disgust as her own orgasm washed over her shuddering body, Kate's big tits bobbled beneath unconstrained.

"MMMMNNNNNN...UUMMMMM...UUHHHHMPH...," a long, remorseful wail issued from deep in Kate's tremoring throat as the shame of her climax was matched by its overarching, body-rocking strength.

Jets of her son's viscous jism, accumulated during the phenomenal incestuous '69' cunt-eating performance of his mother and sister earlier, now pumped into Kate as a river of cum was released into her flooded chamber.

"UNNNHHHHH...FUCK, YESSS MOM...UHHH...TAKE MY CUM...," David challenged disparagingly. "TAKE IT LIKE MY...AWWHHH...OWN PERSONAL...UGH...FUCK PAD!"

The conquering young man's head tilted back and his eyes rolled closed, determined to hold his mother close until the last ropes of his foul cum streamed into her overflowing cunt. Kate's outer labia were coated with the escaping cream as it dripped in strands from the mouth of her overstuffed pussy.

Finally, looking forward as he came down, David admired his petite mother's lovely glistening ass and muscled back, before collapsing on top of her limply to break her grip from the headboard and crash her flushed body to the bed.

'Ummm...mmm...ohh...,' Allison came too, quietly by her own hand, at the vision of the embrace of the two sordid 'lovers.'

The bewildered coed soon fell asleep again, with her despicable but powerful brother enveloping the diminutive body of their lovely, defiled mother, with his deflating cock still buried deep in Kate's despoiled pussy.

*****************************

"Unnngh...ugg...agghhh..." Allison awoke once more to the scorching sights and sounds of David strenuously fucking their mother.

'Doesn't he ever slow down?' His restless sister wondered about her indefatigable brother.

It was nearly morning, and this time Kate was on her back, taking her son's unquenchable cock into the innermost parts of her body, and grunting uncomfortably while receiving the wide shaft with each commanding thrust.

The beset mother's legs were pulled back at an extreme angle, wrapped around her son's broad shoulders and hooked at the ankles. Kate's arms clutched David's hunched over torso closely so the pair were nearly rolled up into a ball.

Only his legs were extended, with his knees on the mattress for leverage to mightily ram his thick pole into his beleaguered mother.

"Ungggh...gguurrgghh...uhhh...," Kate grunted with an edginess of distress.

Allison saw their mother's lips were drawn and her jaw clenched tightly, with the muscles contracting as she grit her teeth harshly. Sweat ran down Kate's temples to drip onto the pillow as her big jugs rolled freely in time to the pounding she was receiving.

'Something's not right,' Allison told herself at the sound of her mother's struggles.

It didn't make sense to the intelligent college girl that their mature, well-versed mother would be experiencing such discomfort taking David's admittedly large tool. After all, Allison had witnessed Kate accept her son's cock just earlier that night without much difficulty.

Indeed, however taboo and forbidden, earlier Kate appeared to enthusiastically enjoy David's meaty pole, at least once she removed herself from the moral implications of incestuously fucking her avid son on the weight bench.

Now, while the angle was severe, with her mother's flexibility and training, even at age 41, Allison instinctively assumed such a position shouldn't be so challenging.

"Uggghh...uunngghh...ohh, it's too much!" Kate complained to her vigorously laboring son. "Ohh, David, you're...too big...unggh...stretching me!"

It wasn't until hearing their mother's fervent pleas for respite that the awful reason for Kate's displeasure dawned on the questioning college girl.

Allison looked more closely at her mother and brother's unnatural bond.

"Oh my...nooo!" The young Thornton girl released a sympathetic gasp. With a pained expression, Allison now understood the truth. David was fucking their mother in the ass!

Kate was bent at the awkward angle at David's insistence, granting her son the greatest possible penetration into her dark, nether canal. With horror and understanding, Allison saw him give Kate every inch of his thick shaft as she struggled to accept it.

Her mother's painfully distended asshole strained to take the full brunt of David's lengthy cock, absorbing the substantial girth all the way to the base until his pubic bone pushed against her sphincter and the curly hairs tickled her anal ring.

"Unnhhh...jeeez...David...uggh...you're too big," Kate grunted again her agitated objection to her relentless son.

Allison watched breathlessly from the side. It was as if her mother was scolding her naughty boy for crawling into his parent's bed when scared as a child.

"Your cock is...annhhh...too damn big...unnggh...for...ughh...my ass," Kate protested grudgingly.

Allison had initially felt a bizarre jealously at the attention her mother was receiving from her brother when she had first awoken to see them fucking again. Until today, rightly or wrongly, the older girl had been her dissolute little brother's only source of pussy.

Now, the recoiling college coed was selfishly happy to have no part of it.

"Ohhh...David...stop...agghhh...please...," Kate pleaded with her heartless son.

Her suffering mother's duress was evident to Allison as Kate expended all her considerable mental and physical strength to endure the anal pummeling inflicted by the heavily perspiring youth.

In the back of her mind, Allison counted her blessings David had not yet taken her own virgin anal channel. Fearfully, she held the nagging realization that someday she wouldn't be so lucky, and it would very likely be her grunting as her asshole strained to accept her brother's thick cock within its tight grip.

As her mother would relate later, after David finished boning Kate doggy-style earlier, the exhausted mother and son had fallen asleep to join George and Allison in fitful slumber.

After several hours, David rolled over onto his nude mother, who reluctantly received her son's cock once more into her well-used pussy. Still generously lubricated from their earlier fucking, David's thick tool slipped easily into his besotted mother's slippery cunt.

Kate unhappily assumed this was the way it was now...her pussy, and that of her 19-year-old daughter, were available for use by David whenever he felt the need, which apparently was often.

"No...no, David! Not there...you can't go there!" Kate squealed a moment later, and her eyes popped frantically open with alarm.

She hadn't expected her son to pull his slick cock out after just a few deep strokes, then drive her knees towards her ears and place the spongy head firmly against her anus.

"No...you can't!" Kate cried, a streak of panic sparking throughout her body.

Pressing in with the clear intent of squeezing the rim of his fat knob past her clenching ring, and ready to break the seal guarding her dark, narrow channel, David was determined to plunder his mother's asshole with or without her permission.

"Ohhh, don't, David! Not my...um...bottom," Kate pleaded vehemently, frightened and uncaring about making a disturbance as she emphatically opposed the intrusion of his big cock into her back door.

"It won't fit," she argued desperately.

David was undeterred, with his mind set and his hips applying pressure on her resistant sphincter.

"Please, David! You're too big...too thick...I can't take it there!" Kate's trembling voice begged earnestly. "You'll hurt me...you'll hurt your mother!"

"C'mon, mom, you'll love it...you know you will," her callous and disrespectful son responded by grabbing his diminutive mother's ankles and manhandling them back, past her ears, and leaving her crinkled anal bud exposed and vulnerable to his assault.

David really didn't want to hurt his beautiful mother.

Kate was a sweet woman and a good mother, but the tyrannical youth wanted to dominate her to the point where she didn't question her new role or status as his unresisting fuck doll. David was certain the degrading act of claiming her precious anus would clearly send that message.

"Ohhh...sweet jeeez...awnhh...too much...it's too much!" Kate groaned as her malevolent son pressed his weight down on her captive body.

There was nothing Kate could do but grit her teeth and yelp her misery and dissent as David pushed forward with impunity and without pity, widening the breach until the crown popped through the collapsing barrier to her forbidden anal channel.

"Aaayyeeeee!" Kate's squeal accompanied the introduction of his flaring crown into her punctured nether ring.

David was undaunted by his mother's opposition.

Once past her fiercely contracting sphincter, it was a simple matter of unremittent muscle, leveraging his strength to plow inch after inch of his sizable cock into his anguished mother's asshole until he could go no further.

"Unnnhhhhh...ohhh, nooooo...," Kate's body jerked and scuffled madly the whole way, with her teeth grinding and her breathing coming in grunts between tortured groans.

"Owwwwwhhh..."

Kate was not a virgin to anal sex. She had always been open to experimentation.

Early on in her marriage to George, she thought it might be helpful to their sex life if she encouraged his access to her back passage, correctly figuring his tiny cock wouldn't be painful.

Even in her lesbian relationship with June, she periodically enjoyed a special double strap-on her friend used with two dildos -- a larger one for her pussy, and a smaller one for her anus.

David's big cock was another matter altogether, and Kate had real doubts about accommodating it in her tight little bunghole. Her conquering son's long pole was easily bigger and thicker than anything ever pushed into her ass before, and the pressure it placed on her protracted sphincter brought water to Kate's eyes.

"Ummnn...ohhh, jeeez, David...ungh...easy...ohh, go slow...," Kate whimpered as her determined son briefly retreated, but then applied even more force seeking to drive his burrowing cock fully into her relenting butthole.

It took several long, grueling minutes of agonizingly insistent strokes for her orifice to adjust, and the elastic ring to open sufficiently. Gradually, the burning ache dissipated to become a tolerable dull throb throughout her bottom.

"Unh...there. Shit mom, your asshole is tight," David crudely extolled his mother's invaded anal tunnel's virtues as the firm grip of the sauna-like canal enveloped his pulsing shaft.

Now fully seated, David initiated a steady rhythm of fucking his mother's ass with invariable, deep thrusts.

'Hunhh...huh...ggnnh...,' Kate winced under her breath each time he bottomed out, shifting her hips continually to adjust to the regular introduction of her son's meaty cock into her bowel.

David was aware of none of this, nor did he care, other than the additional thrill it gave him to watch his mother struggle to take the entirety of his big tool.

It wasn't from animosity towards Kate, but his demented all-consuming lust overcame any sense of shame or sympathy.

Nonetheless, the aberrant teenager wanted to take his mother...to control her, and bend her to his will. David wanted to ensure she satisfied his sexual needs whenever, and however, he desired.

As such, breaking his mother to his cock meant taking her ass too.

Now, with her bewildered but awed daughter palpitating with concern and arousal on her marital bed by her side, Kate took all eight inches of her son's formidable cock with considerable effort as he increased his pace, steadily building to his coming orgasm.

"Allison...huh...help mom out," David's sudden order caught Allison off guard. The mother-son duo was so fully engaged in their carnality, she didn't realize David was even aware she was awake.

"Play with mom's pussy...you know...uh...play with her clit...," David's breathing was hard and broken as he spoke. "Unnghh...help her out. Try to get her off."

Both Allison's mother and brother were dripping sweat, with David's hips beating like a drum against their mother's raised butt cheeks. Still, the space between her brother's stomach and Kate's pussy lay accessible to Allison's hand.

Nimbly, she slipped it in to reach between her mother's legs and find her fully-extended sex button.

"Ohhhhh, Allie...yesss...," Kate encouraged her daughter. "Help mommy...ugghh...cum, baby. I...unh...need you."

Despite the evident distress her mother felt from the staggering presence of David's mighty cock hammering away in her over-stuffed anal sheath, Kate couldn't ward off the sexual tension enlivening her clitoris, now standing achingly erect and in need of attention.

The touch of her daughter's helpful fingertips manipulating her receptive bud eased the discomfort of her son's driving cock, allowing Kate to focus on Allison's toying strokes to achieve her own level of erotic satisfaction as David peaked with a grunt.

"UUUNNNGGHHHH...FUCK, MOMMM...UNNHHH...!" David bellowed. "TAKE IT...AHHGGH...TAKE IT IN YOUR ASS!"

Kate's convulsive son burrowed the head of his cock into the deepest well of his mother's anus, pouring a river of heated cum into her rectum.

The sensation of slippery warmth was not lost on Kate as David's sticky jism filled her to overflowing. The combination of Allison's playful digits, his pulsing shaft, and the flood of semen nearly bursting her seams triggered her own small orgasm.

"Mmmm...mmm...awwhhhh! Ohhhhh, Allie..." Kate came lightly on her daughter's gently-stroking fingers with faint mewling moans.

Sapped of his little remaining strength, David dropped Kate's legs like a rag doll with each limb flopping lifelessly to his sides, but kept his twitching cock lodged in his mother's steaming anal canal for several minutes longer.

Eventually, his deflating cock mercifully slipped out, leaving a gaping tunnel in its wake to match his girth, and allowing the gooey contents of his emptied balls to flow unstoppably from his mother's dark channel. A vast wet spot formed on the sheet beneath her supine cheeks.

The impure trio lay naked on the bed while David and his mother physically recovered from their sexual exertions. Allison stared at the ceiling recovering from the emotional trauma of the night, having just witnessed the scandalous act of her degenerate 18-year-old brother vigorously ass-fucking their mother.

Kate was wrought with shock as well, repulsed at the abhorrent deed by her son, and coping with the loathing for her own capitulation to the shameful performance.

Surrendering her pussy to her son out of fear, and no small sense of arousal, was appalling enough, particularly since he rode her to numerous powerful orgasms when she should have been revolted.

Allowing David to turn her and his older sister into his own personal fuck puppets -- comely female sex toys servicing his cock with their mouths, pussies, and now, their assholes, was the lowest form of degradation and servitude imaginable by the formerly respectable wife, mother, and socialite.

Despite her detestable moral collapse, Kate rolled over exhausted and managed to fall asleep. David collapsed next to her, apparently satisfied for the time being.

Allison joined them in sleep, haunted by the hypnotic scene, and uncertain of what the morning would bring.

*****************************

'Sluph...smurp...smmp...'

Another two hours passed in dreamless slumber when Allison woke up with the morning's light. Now the sounds were different, but clearly involved sex.

Reluctant to open her eyes, Allison's curiosity gradually overcame her hesitancy to peek at the scene she suspected, but feared.

Sure enough, the vision presented to the college coed did not disappoint.

On her knees between David's spread legs, her mother was hunched over taking her demanding son's cock into her mouth. Kate was not enthusiastic in her work, but performed admirably, despite what appeared to be a sour look on her face confusing to Allison.

Her mother had sucked David's cock a couple of times by this point, and as Allison witnessed just a few hours ago, had done much worse acts than mere blowjobs. Suddenly, the source of Kate's disgust came to the clever girl's mind, remembering the last scene she'd witnessed before falling asleep.

David fucking their mother's ass.

Kate's unpleasant face was from sucking her son's cock after it had last been in her asshole. David insisted on a morning blowjob, a task usually performed by his sister, and had woken his mother to take care of his need.

"Eewwwhh, David...no! That's disgusting!" Kate vociferously objected to the repugnant request. "Go take a shower...then I'll give you head. I promise.

"No, mom. Do it now," the impudent young wrestler insisted. "It's not a 'wake-up' blowjob if it happens after a shower."

David's voice gave no quarter. He meant what he said, and Kate took him at his word, unhappily dipping her head to gingerly taste the tip of her son's soft prick.

Even though David had wiped off the worst remnants with the light blue bedtime shirt she had earlier tossed onto the chair, it still tasted foul and smelled of a sickening aroma.

"I can't do this, David," Kate balked. "It's gross."

"It's your ass, mom," David reasoned in his certain response. "It's not like it's some stranger's. Do it!"

Kate was angry with her fiendish son. It was a lot to ask, even of a newly-minted sex toy, and it gave her greater insight into exactly how depraved David could be.

Nonetheless, she feared even more David's punitive retribution for failing to satisfy his demands, no matter how revolting. Beaten down emotionally by her manipulative son, Kate acquiesced, taking his dirty cock fully into her mouth to unhappily suck him off.

The sour cringe on her face was how Allison came upon Kate moments later, waking up to witness her mother's dour disposition.

Still, Allison was drawn to the expertise employed by her knowledgeable mother as she cleaned and tended to David's swelling manhood, especially her ability to swallow it down and tease the crown with her energetic tongue-work...even if her enthusiasm was lacking.

Kate's pretty blue eyes never left David's.

David caught his sister staring transfixed, deciding she needed a morning task of her own.

"Good morning, Allison. Sleep well?" David pretended to care as he lay next to her with his mother working feverishly on his virile cock.

"Feeling left out? This is your job, after all," her awful brother teased, perversely implying sucking his cock in the morning was a privilege.

"Don't worry, you'll get your chance," he promised, "but mom's mouth feels so good and honestly, she really does give great head."

Inexplicably, an unseemly rush of pride ran through Kate's body as she heard the disparaging compliment. At the same time, Allison felt an unquantifiable jealousy at having lost out to her mother for the unpleasant task of cleaning her twisted brother's nasty cock.

"Tell you what, why don't you wake up dad?" David paused before dropping the other shoe. "Do it just like you wake me."

'What?' Allison silently asked as her mouth fell open, uncertainly studying her brother's eyes to see if he was serious.

It was a silly concern. Of course he was serious. David was always serious when ordering her or her mother to undertake some odious sex act.

A frown, much like her mother's, overtook Allison's disconcerted face.

'Really?' The college genius' lips formed a second silent plea.

David simply beamed a wry smile, relaxing on his parent's bed while his naked mother occupied her talented mouth with his tireless hard-on.

The devious youth relished the idea of his miserable sister tearfully kneeling at the foot of the chair where George restlessly slept to suck their father from his slumber. It may have been the most distasteful and disturbing act David had commanded yet of his unfortunate sister.

Allison was disconsolate as she lowered herself before their sleeping dad, his legs conveniently spread as his light snoring signaled his unconscious state. She was careful not to touch him with her naked body, not wanting him to wake prematurely, or else risk David's wrath.

'How can I do this?' She complained, eying her father's puny tool. 'Oh please, someone help me. How can I suck my daddy's cock?'

Allison's eyes were wet with anguish and turmoil as she reached the resolution to the problem.

'Just try to pretend it's someone else,' she told herself. 'You sucked David...you can do this too...it's just a cock.'

Despite her self-assurances, it was clear in her conscious mind that it wasn't 'just a cock.' It was her daddy's cock, and she wasn't convinced of anything but the repulsiveness of the vile task.

David enjoyed every tear. He was certain his formerly superior big sister's trepidation and shame could keep him hard for days.

Allison studied her dad's limp prick, deciding how best to approach the horrid act, before restlessly extending her tongue to his small, lifeless penis with the unthinkable intention of sucking her father into the world of the living.

Applying a technique that worked with her brother, Allison ran the flat of her tongue along the brief length of George's slim member, wincing at the first touch of her father's little prick.

Initially there was no reaction, so she repeated the broad stroke a second and third time, finally sparking the soft flesh to life as a quick twitch and expanding pulse signaled its awakening.

'Oh, my god, I did it,' Allison nearly gagged. 'I touched my tongue to daddy's cock!'

The dazed coed nearly freaked out as the reality of her act hit her hard.

George shifted under the moist stimulus, but did not rouse, so she continued to gently lick along the swelling little pole until it was fully stiff to point straight up towards his stomach.

Even fully engorged, her father's dick couldn't have been 5" long, and only slightly wider around than her thumb.

'It's so small,' Allison's thought regrettably, feeling sympathy for her father as she peered at his miniscule penis, but also sorrow for her mother living with her unsatisfactory sex life for all those years.

Sadly, she recognized Kate's dissatisfaction would only be exacerbated after experiencing the disturbingly incredible fullness of her little brother's big cock.

For her part, Kate was too busy sucking and bobbing on her contented son's solid 8" shaft to pay attention to her oldest daughter taking her husband's hardened cock completely into her mouth in one smooth gulp.

Fully encircled by Allison's velvety soft lips, the increasingly skilled coed consumed her sleeping father's inflamed flesh tube easily to the base. George's salt and pepper pubic hair brushed her upper lip, but without his small bulbous knob ever reaching the back of her throat like her well-hung brother.

David enjoyed everything about the exhilarating dual blowjob display occurring before his delighted eyes.

The corrupted youngster's warped mind appreciated the symmetry of his father's erect prick disappearing between the lips of his collegian sister, while at the same time marveling at the pleasantly suctioning mouth of his cute, ponytailed mother.

Kate was struggling a bit more than her daughter in powering down her son's thick cock, but was nonetheless equal to the task, and the entire performance provided a wonderfully sordid contrast.

Allison fell into a regular rhythm of taking her father's rigid pole as deep into her mouth as it would go, before relinquishing tense shaft with a firm but effective sucking action.

In response to her efforts, George soon woke to find himself staring directly into the azure blue eyes of his daughter, dutifully focused as her lips plied up and down his meager penis.

"Ohhh...Allie!" He was shocked at the vision, nearly speechless at the sight of his voluptuous 19-year-old daughter on her knees with his rock-hard cock encompassed by her luscious lips and warm mouth.

"What's going...ohhhhh...," George gasped in true wonder and confusion at the sensation of his sweet girl's delightful sucking of his rigid tool.

"Just go with it, dad," David flashed a demented smile at his father's surprise and perplexed reaction to seeing Allison with his cock in her mouth.

"You know you want it, even if you can't say so," the taunting son presumed to reveal his father's deepest forbidden fantasy. "You want Allison to suck your cock. You want to cum in your daughter's mouth."

"BUT...AAAHHHH...," George put up a feeble protest, but quickly succumbed to the pleasant suckling of his much-neglected pole by his big-titted oldest girl.

Allison ignored the biting words from her brother, focusing her mouth and her eyes on her father. Leisurely sliding up and down the short span of her daddy's cock, she then took a brief detour to lick across his hairy scrotum.

Searching out his small inadequate balls, the intuitive young woman lolled the pair around on her tongue, before returning to George's diminutive but urgent crown to envelope between her soft lips.

"Ohhhhh...Allie! That's so nice...uhh...your mouth feels so...good," George confessed with satisfaction.

Truthfully, George had never had sexual fantasies about Allison, or any of his children.

Still, after witnessing the defilement of his wife at the hands of their son, and now seeing his intelligent oldest daughter nude, with her big firm melons jostling on her chest as her head bobbed up and down his yearning little pole -- it was all just too much for the astonished man.

Without warning, George bucked his hips spasmodically and let loose a gusher of runny spunk squarely into his daughter's delectable mouth...as much as any release of cum in his life.

Realistically, it didn't come close in comparison to the flood of potent spunk her brother could unleash, so Allison easily but unhappily accepted each pulse of her father's acrid, loathsome jism between her ready lips to swallow without effort to her waiting stomach.

"UUNNNGGGHHH! OHH, ALLIE...AAGGGHHHH...I'M SORRY!" George cried in his guilt and concomitant ecstasy.

'Ugkk...ggcck...,' Allison choked, nauseated by the taste of her dad's objectionable sperm.

It wasn't so much the actual flavor or the thin consistency, but merely the thought it was her daddy's cum...a sensation no daughter should ever experience.

Allison wanted to vomit, and nearly did, but true to her training at the hands of her nefarious brother, kept the bile from rising in her throat to drink down the fluid until the explosion ended.

Her depraved task completed, she dutifully licked away any remainder from around her lips and off her father's deflating cock until it was clean.

While her unfortunate daughter tended to her husband, Kate's unpleasant grimace gradually disappeared as the offensive taste on her grinning son's soiled cock dissipated. Instead, her skillful mouth took over as David's glistening, saliva-coated pole slipped in and out of her oval-shaped lips.

By the time David fed the foul contents of his balls into his nursing mother's mouth to be consume, the taboo eroticism of sucking her son's big cock was all that remained for the misbegotten woman.

'It's unbelievable how much cum an 18-year-old boy can generate,' Kate marveled with a disturbing mix of disgust and pride as she efficiently ingested David's voluminous spunk, shocked by the sheer quantity his large balls continuously generated, even after he'd shot off several times in 24 hours.

'I don't know how Allison and I are ever going to satisfy him by ourselves?' Kate wondered as the uncomfortable question creeped into her mind.

The concerned mother suddenly shivered with worry about the future welfare of the third female member of the Thornton family...her youngest daughter and David's twin sister, Britney.

Once her degrading job was complete, a sleepy and disheveled Kate meekly rolled out of bed on David's instructions to once again shower with her equally exhausted daughter, fearful of his reaction should she even attempt to summon the will to refuse.

"You two clean each other up," David told them without further explanation.

Allison and Kate knew what he meant. They were to clean each other as they had the day before. They assumed he'd be listening to see if they playfully brought each other to orgasm, so knew not to disappoint.

"Dad, wasn't Allison great? She's really learned a lot about sucking cock over the past few weeks," David indiscreetly praised his older sister.

"I'd say she has some ways to go to get as good as mom at giving head though, wouldn't you say?" He asked while equally denigrating his fallen mother.

George lay listless and in a trance in his chair, traumatized by Allison's blowjob. His small penis was once again soft, but still shiny with his daughter's saliva.

His forlorn father didn't answer David's cruel question, but did heed his 'invitation' to go to his study to do 'whatever it was he did' in his private sanctuary as David returned his attention to the showering women.

"Make yourselves look pretty," David facetiously called to his mother and sister. "I want to see just how beautiful you look all made up in your 'home attire.'"

It was a clear reference to the panties and t-shirt clothing option David had spelled out last night in the kitchen. Neither Kate nor Allison doubted the ensuing inquisition from Brit to occur upon seeing them in such dress, or lack thereof, when she arrived home.

'It can't be an accident that David wants Brit to see her mother and sister in such a risqué state,' Kate feared, afraid for her youngest daughter, but was too scared to say anything.

Still, it was her son's last parting order as the unfortunate mother and daughter trudged to Kate and George's master bathroom that sent a chill through Kate, making her scream inside at the humiliation of his admonition.

"Allison, be sure to shave mom's pussy. I want her bald...completely bald," he explained succinctly.

"Mom, do the same for Allison," he added seriously. "If you're going to be eating each other out every day, I'd better find both of your little snatches as smooth as a baby's butt from now on."

END PART 10

Family Takedown 11
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. If that bothers you, don't read it. You've been warned.

BRIT SEALS THE DEAL

Britney Thornton showed up at about 10:00 a.m. after a night of post-game partying, followed by a stay over at her friend Jenny's house. She hadn't been home for two days, which was not an uncommon occurrence since her graduation from high school the previous spring.

Her parents didn't push too hard on rules. The college girl was 18-years-old, competent in school, and exceptional in soccer -- her favorite athletic activity.

Brit was a starter on the local J.C. team and well on her way to earning a scholarship to a bigtime college program. It was her announced goal when she entered the junior college, despite her generally good grades.

The young athlete's personality, intellect and appearance drew from both her siblings. She was the fortunate recipient of their best traits -- intelligence, athleticism, and good looks. Brit was more ambitious than her twin brother, David, but not as brilliant as her older sister, Allison, and better looking than either.

When all was said and done, Brit really was the whole package. She worked hard, was a young adult, and if she wanted to stay out on a weekend, her parents didn't object.

The attractive teenager looked much like her brother and, while not identical, being girl and boy, no one was ever surprised to learn that she and David were twins.

Physically, Brit took after their mother's side of the family. Taller than Kate, she was still only 5'4". Her short height was the only reason she didn't get an athletic scholarship right out of high school, where she was All-League and the team's leading scorer.

Not surprisingly considering her active lifestyle, Brit's sandy brown hair was short and straight in a sporty cut, and often tied with little ribbons or held by rubber bands in mini-pigtails. Her skin was clear and tanned with freckles dotting her nose and cheeks from the time spent on the soccer field.

The soccer star was wiry strong, limber, and in excellent cardiovascular condition, as one would expect of an athlete. She weighed maybe 108 lbs. fully dressed. Trim and muscular, her legs tapered nicely from thigh to ankle.

Considering her generally small frame, and for all her high-calorie burning activity, her most unexpected physical attribute was the impressive swell of her chest...at least until you saw her mother and older sister.

Brit featured a solid C-cup, at minimum, but her generous breasts were often less detectable when strapped down in the sturdy sports bras she favored. Unlike her mother's gymnastic past, Brit was determined that the size of her marvelous tits wouldn't be an impediment to her soccer career.

*****************************

As she casually breezed into the kitchen to grab a cup of coffee, the vibrant coed was surprised to see her mother sitting at the breakfast nook wearing only bikini panties and a light semi-transparent tank top.

"Hi mom...uh, are you the only one home?" Brit asked curiously, becoming even more surprised by Kate's answer.

"No, sweetheart. Allison's upstairs in her room studying," her uneasy mother replied with obvious discomfort, watching her younger daughter anxiously.

Kate wanted to gauge Brit's reaction to her scanty attire, while also doing her best to be convincingly nonchalant in her response.

"David's around here somewhere, but I couldn't begin to tell you where," Kate followed coolly. "Maybe his room."

"O-kay... Ummm...why are you dressed that way?" Brit had to ask, since her mother was generally quite conservative in her clothing and her current attire simply didn't make sense. "I mean...isn't that a bit 'skimpy' with David around?"

"Oh...well, Brit, it's alright," her suspect mother answered matter-of-factly. "He won't mind."

"No shit, he won't mind!" Kate's incredulous youngest daughter wholeheartedly agreed.

Brit knew of her nasty brother's affinity for porn, particularly 'MILF porn,' and was sure David would be happy to stumble upon their mother practically 'undressed' -- family or not. Her enigmatic mother's panties weren't a thong or anything, but they were a pink cotton French-cut bikini style that could only be called 'sexy.'

Above that, Brit clearly saw the dark rose circles of her mother's areola through the white ribbed cotton of her form-fitting tank top, not to mention the generous side-boob showing through the arm holes.

The alert soccer star only slowly turned her head in shame, unscrupulously noticing how firm...and how appealing, her mother's large, unsupported breasts were for her age.

"I'm glad the team won yesterday," Kate smiled with motherly pride, having learned the results from Brit's post-game text, and desperate to turn the subject to anything other than the fact she sat half-naked in the kitchen.

"How was the party?" Brit's thoughtful mother followed inquisitively, as if everything was normal.

"Um, it was good...a lot of my friends came by," Brit answered tentatively, almost as if not wanting to tell more than was necessary. "Sorry I stayed over, but you know, it was late and all."

"It's alright, sweetheart, it's not like it was a school night or anything," Kate acceded to her youngest daughter's growing independence and responsible nature. She was a cool mother that way.

Brit had just sat down at the table when Allison made an appearance at the kitchen entryway.

"I thought I heard voices," Allison stated uncertainly, enduring the same dread her mother was clearly feeling.

"Uhh...umm...," Brit coughed upon seeing her older sister's morning attire.

Now, the bright college girl knew something was off.

Standing in the doorway was her bookish big sister, who spent all her time studying and never had a social life, in what appeared to be a lacy black thong and a brief midriff black t-shirt. It was obvious Allison was braless, with her huge tits pushing against the shirt and her pointed nipples indenting the front.

More shocking still, and judging by what appeared to be a prominent 'camel-toe' pressing against the snug-fitting panties, it appeared to the highly-observant teen that her modest sister had at a minimum trimmed her pussy hair, and that her 'who gives a shit what I look like' older sibling might even be completely shaved between her legs.

Not that Brit cared. She shaved her pussy too, but could never imagine Allison doing so, or even caring one way or the other about such a thing.

It was all just so bizarre.

"Whoa...hold on!" Brit scoffed to end her pretense that nothing was unusual. Never bashful with her comments or opinions, Brit needed to know what the fuck was going on.

"I'm sorry...but mom walking around in a tank top and panties with my horny twin brother in the house is one thing," the stunned 18-year-old challenged, "but you too, Allie?"

Kate and Allison looked each other in the eye, waiting for the other to take the lead and say something.

"I mean, seriously, Allie, this ain't exactly your style," Brit persisted. "What the fuck's happening here?"

*****************************

Up in his room, David fretted about how to handle his twin sister.

Brit was cute and highly fuckable. After all the changes he had wrought in the Thornton household, David wanted to nail his female doppelganger as much, if not more, than his mother and Allison.

The depraved 18-year-old muscle-bound youth was determined to corral the trio of Thornton women and complete his desirable set of obedient family fuck dolls.

But Brit wasn't like their meek mother and obliging sister. She was stronger, both physically and in spirit, and not so easily cowed. She would fight back in more than the mere cursory manner that Kate and Allison had done.

'What should I do?' he wondered silently, truly concerned.

'Brit could ruin everything unless it's handled just right,' he correctly determined. 'The last thing I need is a fierce female opponent undermining my authority and giving the other two strength...or worse, hope.'

When David heard his pretty twin arrive downstairs, he knew he needed to decide and act fast.

'Brit's not going to take well to mom and Allie walking around the house wearing practically nothing without wanting to know damn-well why?' David assured himself, despite having set the situation up that way.

As Brit's twin, David also knew she understood him better than anyone, and could see right through his intimidation bullshit. She was every bit as capable at projecting superiority and power. His dynamic, forceful twin sister would be no easy conquest, even with his greater might and muscles.

'That's it...that'll do it," David suddenly realized the answer as the light went on in his head.

David now knew exactly what to do. He had stumbled upon the lone solution by addressing his concerns, and immediately convinced himself it was the only way.

As is common with most, if not all twins, David had an unspoken, innate connection with Brit unlike with other people...even members of his family. It gave him insights into her personality others couldn't see, and she to him.

David's intuition led him to believe his fraternal twin sister was more like him than anyone would ever guess, knowing Brit was strong-willed and determined to get what she wanted, but also surmising she grew excited by power.

While Brit was clearly more successful than he in school and athletics, she was not quite the pristine All-American girl the outside world believed. He suspected she was every bit as amoral as he, unwilling to conform to societal norms of behavior, and extremely eager to express her desires at the expense of others...including their own family.

David insightfully recognized the tale-tell signs that his attractive, hard-bodied sister was as highly sexually-charged as himself. The key difference was she was a cute, fit girl who could easily get sex whenever she pleased, if she were so inclined, while David struggled to get laid just like most teenage boys.

Losing his virginity was a more difficult task for Brit's uninspired brother. Left to porn, as were so many other horny adolescent boys, his imagination became a fertile garden nurturing his deviant tendencies and allowing them to flourish.

The scheming youth had no doubt Brit wasn't a virgin, and hadn't been since at least when she got her driver's license and the independence that came with it.

David also had a pretty good inkling his twin sister liked sex, and she wasn't particularly choosy about whether it was with a girl or a boy. In addition to her soccer skills, Brit was a switch-hitting shortstop on the school softball team, and David felt certain she was a switch-hitter in the bedroom too.

With that as his predicate, David was convinced Brit's sleep-over nights at her friend Jenny's house weren't filled with innocent pillow fights and talk of boy bands. He suspected Jenny had a crush on her adorable and talented best friend, and that his adventurous twin sister didn't fail to fulfill many of Jenny's most ardent sexual desires.

All these indelicate insights led the degenerate youngster to the inevitable conclusion that the only way to assure his twin sister's acceptance of his authority over their mother and sister was to include her as a partner -- not necessarily an equal, but a co-conspirator whose interests in sex and dominance aligned.

David believed if he could just demonstrate his dominion over the household, and Kate and Allison's abject weakness in acquiescence to it, Brit would become enamored of his control, and wish to participate in his debauched frolics.

'Brit's just like me,' he felt certain. 'She'll join my games...rather than fight me.'

It was a big risk, but David was so sure he could read his twin sister, he was willing to take that chance. Striding downstairs to the kitchen, he was about to find out if he was right.

*****************************

No one knew it for certain, even David, but every Thornton suspected that sports weren't Brit's only interest, and that she had been sexually active for the last two years.

Brit wasn't a slut or anything. She was selective, but active, and had engaged in sex with a couple of different guys on the various athletic teams while dating casually. Still, she never took a steady boyfriend.

As significantly as her distaste for a monogamous relationship, her friendship with Jenny had blossomed over the last year. The ripe, appealing young ladies' innocent sleepovers grew more promiscuous, and mostly spent between the sheets of Jenny's bed...and each other's legs exploring the erotic world of Sappho.

The two had met on the softball team and became fast friends.

Jenny was much like Brit -- athletic and attractive, but with an olive-complexion from her Mediterranean heritage and thick, jet black hair worn shoulder-length. Jenny was also taller and more full-bodied than her smaller girlfriend, while every bit as strong.

Brit suspected Jenny may be more sexually-oriented towards girls. Jenny denied it with a wry smile, while protesting she found boys 'interesting.' Nonetheless, Jenny couldn't hide her interest in David's cute twin sister.

As a curious teenager, Brit didn't let that deter their friendship, and she eventually succumbed to Jenny's considerable feminine charms. Brit realized soon enough she was bi-sexual, but she was honest, making clear to her friend, and now lover, that she wasn't looking for a serious relationship with either a boy or a girl.

Still, Brit enjoyed her time with Jenny, and so long as her softball teammate understood they were friends 'with benefits' and no more, they could enjoy each other physically as well as socially as 'partners in crime.'

*****************************

Now, down in the kitchen, Brit wanted to know what the hell was going on, and why her respectable mother and geeky sister wore such scanty and alluring lingerie, especially with her warped twin brother in the house.

Even then, Brit couldn't deny the appearance of both her mother and sister wearing only their revealing underthings was intriguing...and stimulating. The pretty pair grabbed her undeniable attention to drive a lewd rush of adrenaline throughout her body.

For herself that morning, Brit was dressed in simple white Capri pants and a form-fitting brown knit blouse that buttoned up the front, but stopped to show a strong hint of cleavage in her Wonderbra.

She even wore light make-up, never her stock in trade, but it highlighted her fresh-faced natural beauty. The healthy college girl had been at a party after all, and was dressed to attract the boys...and also appeal to the girls.

"Seriously, sis, seeing mom in just her undies is surprising enough, but you too...in that getup," Brit suspiciously appraised her big sister.

"C'mon, spill it, Allie," Brit asked directly. "Something has to be going on?"

Allison's eyes shot over to their mother's once more, uncertain how to respond...or even if she should.

"You do look good though, I'll give you that," Brit chirped revealingly, unable to suppress a grin or pass up complimenting her nerdy, half-nude sister with a hint of licentious appreciation.

"Both of you," she added, gazing at her petite mother's naughty attire.

Kate and Allison didn't know of Brit's sexual preferences, so let the statement pass as harmless praise, rather than as an insight into Brit's own kinks.

"I suppose it is a bit surprising to find us dressed this way, honey," Kate finally answered the forthright question, doing her best to minimize the unusual situation, and doing a pretty bad job of it.

"But really...it's okay," their uncomfortable mother squeaked in a high-pitched voice more reminiscent of a young girl trying to explain an indiscretion than a parent to her children.

"We're just...dressing casual," her mother explained disingenuously. "You know, relaxed for a Sunday at home."

Allison stood by nervously digging her fingernails into her palms. She wisely knew that when David enforced his dress code this morning, going so far as to pick out the minimal outfit she was wearing himself, that this moment would come.

Still, inexperienced in gauging the reactions of others to odd social situations, the awkward collegian had no idea how her little sister would take this explanation of a new 'relaxed' atmosphere around the Thornton household.

Not very well, apparently.

"With David in the house? I don't think so," Brit snorted facetiously, still marveling at Kate and Allison's lack of clothing.

"Has he seen you?" The curious teen asked with raised eyebrows, then joked. "What's he 'relaxing' in...a jockstrap?"

The humor fell on deaf ears, maybe in part due to the likely truth of her statement. A jockstrap might be overstating it, but both Kate and Allison guessed David was probably only in loose shorts...and definitely going commando.

The two newly-broken family sex kittens knew how much the dominating young man enjoyed letting his 'swinging cock' out in the presence of his mother and sister.

"Did I hear my name?" David asked cheerfully, choosing that moment to walk into the kitchen. Subtly, and indiscreetly, the imperious youth dragged his open palm over Allison's bare left ass cheek as he did.

True to form, he was wearing shorts, but they were tighter than usual, and intentionally chosen to not leave much of his generous manhood to the imagination.

'If I'm gonna lay my cards on the table,' he figured, 'I should put my best...uh...asset forward.'

David purposefully wanted his twin sister to see the bulge in his pants, and the impression it made even in its flaccid state. To his satisfaction, it clearly had not failed to catch Brit's attention as her wide blue eyes flit briefly down to his crotch.

'This is way too weird,' Brit commented to herself.

The youngest Thornton girl was far too smart not to understand something drastic had changed at home. Knowing her family well, she correctly assumed David was the cause.

Watching her reaction carefully, David read her mind.

"I know you, Brit, as well as you know me," he said taking a quick breath and initiating his daring ploy for her approval and ultimate participation. "You're thinking I've done something atrocious...something radical and demented."

All three women stared at the brazen 18-year-old young man, uncertain what to expect next.

"Well, you'd be right...mostly," he continued his straightforward appeal. "I've made some basic changes to the hierarchy around here. Really though, they're just...uh...'lifestyle' changes."

David paused to let his message sink in, watching his cautious twin sister closely for any sign of outrage or disapproval. He saw none.

Strengthened by her lack of push-back, the emboldened young autocrat more obviously placed his palm onto Allison's ass cheek, causing her to squirm uneasily when he left it there.

"Allison, and mom too, have decided it serves their best interests to accept my changes, by doing as I say," he stated frankly, before directing his stern attention towards Kate. "Isn't that right, mom?

Brit didn't openly react to his copping a feel of their older sister's rounded bottom, but did catch her brother's harsh gaze at their mother and knew David was very serious.

Kate did too.

While ashamed of her pitiful capitulation, their docile mother did nothing to counter her imperious son's contention. Instead, nodding from her seat at the breakfast nook, Kate dropped her head to stare into her coffee cup in guilt and embarrassment.

"WELL, IF YOU'RE THINKING I'M GONNA PLAY ALONG, YOU'VE GOT SOMETHING ELSE COMING, BUDDY!" Brit barked ferociously, still uncertain how far David had taken his impetuous scheme, or his plans for his twin sister.

"YOU CAN INTIMIDATE MOM AND ALLISON...MAYBE EVEN DAD," David's enraged twin protested vociferously, "BUT I'LL BE DAMED IF YOU THINK YOU'RE GONNA JUST TELL ME WHAT TO DO!"

Spittle flew from a clearly aggravated Brit, spewing forth her challenge to her audacious brother. Blood rushed to her face and her sudden anger was enough to make Allison and Kate cower, even though it wasn't directed at them.

It was exactly the reaction David had expected. Anything less would have disappointed his perceived understanding of his twin sister.

Satisfied his understanding of Brit was as he suspected, now came the moment for him to gain her participation in a way where she was a partner, but with a grant of privileges to himself in exchange for his conferring that status.

"Yeah, I kind of thought you'd feel that way, Brit," David conceded, while holding his ground.

"You're not like mom and Allison...or even dad," he said approvingly. "They scare easily, and deep down, they're submissive. They like being told what to do, even if they can't admit it."

"Psychologically, their outward objection to my humiliating demands just makes it that much more shameful and exciting when they comply," David elaborated with an intuitive understanding of the submissive mind.

The proud young man beamed at the application of his lessons from basic psychology to the conversation. It gave him an uncommon feeling of intellectual equality with his smarter siblings, if not actual superiority.

That David knew he could speak these awful, denigrating comments about his mother and sister's frailty aloud and in their presence, was all the proof he needed of their truth.

Brit saw that too, and it made an impression.

"I wouldn't treat you that way, Brit," he assured his prospective partner in deviance.

"We're twins...alike," he paused to gauge his contemplative twin sister's reaction, before taking his leap of faith of her interest in her proposed role and participation in taming their family.

"I can tell by the fact you're listening, instead of chewing my head off, that the implications of what I'm saying are intriguing. They turn you on...just like they turn me on," he baited his uncertain twin.

With that, David looked down at his shorts deliberately, with the hint of his growing cock obvious in his tight pants.

Brit's eyes popped with the sight of her twin brother's shameless display. David wasn't a bad looking guy. She even admired his athleticism and muscular physique, much like her own, but she'd never thought of him sexually.

'What is David saying?' Brit puzzled, remaining frozen with confusion and struggling to accept the full ramifications of his entreaty.

Still, seeing Kate and Allison's meek demeanor, the bi-curious soccer beauty couldn't deny her brother was right.

Brit's enticing mother and curvy sister looked sexy as hell in their cute underwear. The idea of potential power and dominance over them stirred a rush of sexual arousal in her she had never imagined, at least not in relation to her family.

Even her brother's noticeably expanding cock looked erotic, and much larger than what she would have expected from a boy of his stature.

"As I said Brit, there's been some lifestyle changes around here," David announced, before finally playing his hand completely and boldly laying his cards on the table.

"Mom, Allison and I spent last night in mom and dad's bed," he boastfully informed his deliberative twin, before leaving nothing to conjecture. "We didn't sleep much."

Now, Kate and Allison stared sheepishly downward in a subconscious pose of submission and humiliation as David explained the entire sordid family situation.

"They'll do whatever I tell them," David bragged. "I fucked mom twice last night, and they even put on a nice little mother-daughter lesbian sex show for my entertainment."

"WHAT THE FUCK?!" Brit shouted in stunned disbelief, her jaw dropping and a tingle racing up her spine.

"Sure. Why else would they dress this way in front of me?" David asked with definite pride, then move onward to reassure her of his intent.

"You're different though, Brit," the satisfied young tyrant told his doubtful twin. "You and I are simpatico. I won't do that to you...but I will let you play along."

Brit's attention was fixed on her brother's words as he threw out his lure, but she was still trying to wrap her head around their meaning. The wheels were spinning, but she remained indecisive about what it all meant.

"Brit, don't you see? You can help me...be my assistant. My partner, so to speak," he explained his anticipated framework for family dominance.

"That way, they'll do whatever you tell them to do too," David promised, then hesitated a moment before disclosing his price for her status as partner.

"Of course, to play along," he smiled, making his meaning clear, "you've got to be willing to play with me, too."

"David, please," their dominated mother wailed. "Not Brit too!"

Kate's despair over her new home life finally overwhelmed her psyche, and she found her voice in another desperate act of rebellion. It was a propensity David found tiresome, particularly when it encouraged Allison to join forces with her mother.

"Isn't this enough already, David?" Allison spoke up, looking around the room, referencing her lack of dress and the general state of affairs in the house.

"This really needs to stop, son! It needs to stop now!" Kate scolded, further emboldened by Allison's support.

"SHUT UP, MOM...YOU TOO, SIS!" An assertive voice screamed in a calculated rage. "JUST SHUT THE FUCK UP AND DO WHAT YOU'RE TOLD!!!"

Both scantily dressed women instantly froze in the face of the confrontation, easily daunted and terrified into silence at the strength of the backlash...and the source.

It was Brit.

"SHUT UP," the fierce, bantam twin sister hollered threateningly, "...OR DAVID'S HAND WON'T BE THE ONLY ONE YOU'LL SEE THE BACK OF!"

"Oh, dear lord, no...," Kate's forlorn whimper told the story of her and Allison's demise.

David smiled. Clearly, Brit had made up her mind.

Whether it was the taste of power, or the erotic thrill of forbidden domination that had sold her, he wasn't sure. The depraved collegian did know his alluring twin had bought into his offer of a new family dynamic, and he couldn't wait to reap the benefits of her participation.

'Ohhh, shit, that was fun!' Brit exalted inside.

Nearly knocked over by the jolt of electricity racing through her body from the adrenaline rush she received by crushing her mother and sister's petty uprising, the buzz as they shrank with dismay at her outburst was a sensation she had never known.

A warmth flushed her body and between her legs.

Every wicked and depraved thought Brit ever had quickly rose to the surface. The prospect of her lovely, petite yet proper mother, and her attractive, big-titted, brainy sister at her sexual disposal was too much to refuse.

If sex with David was the price, then so be it. He was her twin after all...just a male version of herself, and she thought pretty highly of herself and her looks.

Plus, judging from the size of the tent-pole he was now sporting in his pants, her brother had a big cock...and Brit liked big cocks.

"How did you do this, David? When did this all happen?" Brit asked incredulously, full of questions for her smirking brother with her mind racing with the forbidden possibilities.

"You've seen how submissive they are, Brit," David elucidated at his sister's request. "I just think I touched on a hidden desire they have too."

"C'mon, Brit, you've always known it, just like me," the diabolical martinet continued firmly. "I just finally acted on it...the first time a couple of weeks ago with Allison."

"I roped in mom and dad yesterday when they barged into my room," he added snidely with a veiled allusion to the bondage session for Kate and George in his bedroom.

"You know, mom, there's a price to be paid for invasion of my privacy," he turned to chastise his stricken mother.

"You mean, you got dad too?" Brit marveled, suddenly craving all the details of this far-fetched fantasy to which she was now a part.

"Look...I love dad, Brit. I know you do too," David confirmed. "He's a good father, and a good provider...but he's a pussy."

"Mom's beautiful, and sexy as hell," the young wrestler scandalously stated what they both believed. "When the opportunity presented itself, I took it...and her."

"I mean...shit, sis, I actually made dad sit and watch the first-time I had mom give me a blowjob," David gloated.

"HOLY FUCK!" Brit shouted in disbelief.

With every new and bizarre revelation, Brit endeavored to believe her exaggeration-prone brother. Nonetheless, looking at her mother's tearful face buried in her hands was proof of his veracity.

"It's true. Dad didn't do a fucking thing about it either," David charged disparagingly, adding juvenilely. "He just sat there watching mom play sword swallower with his own son."

Kate couldn't feel any lower. The defamatory comments about her husband and their father hurt nearly as much as the revelation she had sucked her own son's cock...while her husband watched timidly from his easy chair.

"You've had sex with...with Allie too?" Brit asked impatiently, almost too excited to get the words out.

"You bet! I broke her first," David's responded with a vilifying tone. "I'm betting you're going to like her too."

Allison shivered with her brother's salacious pledge, cringing at the prospect of submitting to her little sister.

"And dad, did you make Allie fuck dad?" Brit pressed, enthusiastically spilling every obscene thought coursing through her depraved mind. "Did you make him suck your cock too?"

"Hell no, Brit! I'm not gay," David scoffed. "As for Allie, also no...at least not yet."

Allison's misery at the introduction of another master into her unfortunate subjugation was matched by the 'not yet' part of David's answer to Brit. It gave her a nauseating insight into her future.

Even more demoralizing for both shaken Thornton women was how Brit and David talked about them like they weren't even in the room, thereby cementing their second-class status as family sex toys...which they were.

Brit was in a daze. This was all so preposterous, inconceivable, and deliciously depraved. She was beside herself and nearly hyperventilating with the possibilities.

"They'll do whatever I tell them to do?" She breathlessly quizzed her brother. "They're mine to play with too?"

"So long as I tell them too...and you keep me happy. That's the price of our deal," David reiterated, wanting to be certain his delectable twin sister understood her part of the bargain...and how to stay in his good graces.

"I get it...I get it, David," his wary sister acknowledged. Still, she was an elated bundle of fervor and passion, intoxicated with the erotic titillation of sex and power.

"So, when do we start?" Brit could barely contain her ardor. "What do we do next?"

"Whenever we want...whatever we want," David answered gleefully, his delight at the successful conversion of his twin sister palpable and very, very satisfying.

"Oh, boy!" Brit yelped, while turning a fiendish eye to her petrified mother.

"Stand up, mom," the energetic soccer star said earnestly, an unmistakable sexual hunger lacing her shrill voice. "We're going to have so much fun playing all sorts of girlie games together...and Allie too."

Kate shuddered at the promises of future sex play her new inquisitor as she nervously rose, and at the total capture of her family by David. Worse still, was the co-opting of her sweet, youngest daughter by her depraved twin brother.

"Now, let's get a good look at that sweet ass in those pretty panties," Brit salaciously instructed her demoralized and broken mother.

*****************************

Unaware of Britney's bisexual proclivities, just as Brit was unaware of her mother's affair with Mrs. Rutherford, Kate and Allison were unhappily surprised at Brit's willingness to join forces with her twin brother in subjugating her fellow female family members.

The earlier forced lesbian sex between mother and elder daughter had been fraught with distress and revulsion for the pair. Now, it was clear the future included even more aberrant sexual encounters with their youngest daughter and sister as well.

It was all horribly unthinkable for Kate as she solemnly stood at the behest of her baby girl so Brit could inspect her ripe, heart-shaped ass in her brief bikini panties.

Once upright, it was apparent their captivating mother's brief tank top was cut-off several inches above the waistband, revealing an intriguing expanse of Kate's moderately padded tummy -- kept firm over the years by Pilates and extended tennis workouts. Her cute belly button gave Kate an unwarranted, but adorably innocent appeal.

"Turn around," Brit instructed lasciviously.

'Woo, hoo...nice butt!' Kate's aggressive daughter crudely cat-called at her blushing mother's shapely bottom in the tight fabric like a guy at a construction site.

'Smack!' Her morally devolving daughter gave her startled mother an appreciative slap on the right ass cheek.

The move was so like David, leaving Kate unnerved but shamefully complacent, even when Brit consciously left her scrutinizing palm in place far too long for Kate's comfort.

"You too, Allie. Give us a spin," Brit directed as she turned her attention to Allison, curious to see if her modest older sister was indeed wearing a thong. "Let's see what you've been hiding under those baggy pants."

The idea of her seemingly asexual sister wearing a thong was an inconceivable notion to Brit. To her enchantment, Allison was indeed, and Brit grew flustered just looking at her academically-inclined sister's broad hips and plump ass cheeks.

'Whew...oh shit, this is gonna be fun...,' Brit gasped, then caught her breath as the increasingly demented young woman imagined the many ways she could enjoy her older sister's meaty bottom.

"Turn more, Allie," Brit instructed without reservation, as David watched with interest as his novice assistant gained confidence with each new degrading command.

"Oh my...," Brit marveled aloud disgracefully, growing more excited as Allison turned in profile as directed.

It was a thrillingly successful test of the younger sister's newfound authority to see Allison obey, and in doing so display her mammoth jugs bulging against the cloth of her black t-shirt. The giant melons obscenely pushed the midriff far enough away from Allison's rounded midsection to indecently expose her prominent 'underboob.'

"Unbelievable! Shit, you have a big rack, Allie," Brit marveled, indiscreetly admiring Allison's massive set of tits.

Unbeknownst to Allison, Brit had inherited her mother's fascination with breasts, especially big breasts, and there was no question she thought Allison's incredible jugs were nothing short of spectacular.

Brit had seen her big sister naked before, but not often in the last couple of years when Allison's chest had really developed. It was only since then that Brit realized her attraction to women as well as men.

"Those puppies are going to be a party," the coarse girl commented in much the same way as her lewd brother, causing Allison to squirm in place, but dare not move.

Brit quickly determined she was going to enjoy playing with Allison's large boobs as much as her tempting ass.

That was not to dismiss her mother's lovely set of tits. The nubile young soccer star had every intention of becoming well-acquainted with Kate's luscious breasts too, perched tantalizingly braless under her revealing tank top with a delightful slope.

"I see more than a few pleasant nights in my future sucking on those beautiful funbags," Brit shamefully promised, using the derogatory term for breasts more commonly found in a Literotica story than a young girl's vocabulary.

Brit was anxious to start, but also assumed she had the luxury of time, figuring her mother and sister weren't going anywhere with David in charge. They would be available to her for fun and play at her leisure.

Mortified, her troubled mother stood apprehensive but motionless, objectified as Brit inspected her with the enthusiasm of abiding lust.

Kate's knees buckled as she nearly fainted from shock when her brazen teenage daughter openly slipped her fingers to her panty-clad crotch to trail the tips delicately along the rounded curve of her tense mother's soft mound.

"Ohhh, please, baby...nooo...," Kate swooned, "you shouldn't...um...touch your mother...there."

Kate's legs trembled nervously as Brit drew her curious digits along the cleaved impression of her fleshy labia pressed tightly against the French-cut bikini cloth. Her daughter's wandering fingers remained momentarily at the taboo juncture between Kate's reflexively clenching thighs.

'Huh,' a silent gasp of surprised horror emanated from Kate's open lips at her daughter's inappropriate touch.

Kate's distress at the forbidden intimacy of her baby girl's exploration of her pussy was difficult to restrain, and their flustered mother's sharp intake of breath at the unnatural caress was clear to everyone in the kitchen.

Their withering mother's beautiful blue eyes rolled subtly at the erotic pulse coursing throughout her pussy at the naughty contact with her most private parts by her youngest daughter.

"Ohhh...," Kate cooed involuntarily, with disconcerting goosebumps of unwanted sexual desire rising across the responsive surface of her supple, newly-hairless mound signaling her submissive arousal.

"Why mommy, are you shaving your pussy?" Brit boldly inquired with an affected girlish giggle.

Brit's probing fingers lingered along the puffy seam of Kate's warming slit with an uncomfortable familiarity. Her shaken mother stood on awkward display, chastened by her body's natural sensual reaction to the unwanted stimulus.

Staggered by the undesired effect of Brit's touch and the utterly inappropriate question, Kate melted with humiliation, and her shoulders slumped as she bowed her head with embarrassment.

She quite simply couldn't answer the derisive question.

A wide grin appeared on David's awed twin sister at her mother's disquieted shame and the feel of her bald pussy, even over Kate's underwear.

Today's turn of events was a fantasy come true...made a reality by her deviant but strong-willed brother. As with her siblings, Brit loved her mother. She admired her good looks and fit body, even as she passed 40 years of age.

But Brit was as amoral as David.

Easily swayed by the lure of Kate's charms, all the lust-crazed young girl could think about was the thrilling prospect of burying her face between her beautiful mother's spread thighs to lap at her flowing pink gash as Kate moaned in unwanted but needed satisfaction.

"You may have noticed Brit, but one of the rules I have for the 'ladies of the house' is they can only wear underwear or lingerie when relaxing at home," David informed his newly-corrupted sister.

"No bras either," he insisted. "It makes things easier...you know...more accessible."

Her brother's admonition wasn't lost on his bright twin sister, whose lecherous smile indicated her recognition that his directive included her as well, despite her elevated status above her mother and big sister.

"Nice trick to get me stripped to my panties, brother," Brit said with a touch of admiration. "If it didn't sound like such a good idea, I'd think you just wanted to see your twin sister naked."

David's wide grin was an unspoken gesture of acknowledgement he knew his Brit would understand, while Kate and Allison stood nervously aside...shocked how readily their new tormentor bought in to her twisted brother's evil enterprise.

Neither woman had ever suspected Brit to be so debased, and so keen on the idea of sex with her sister and mother -- of incest and assisting her brother to fulfill his depraved fantasy.

When Brit kicked off her pumps and unsnapped the button to her Capri pants, their amazed revelations about the young teenager's deviance were confirmed.

"Well...," David approved, his eyes never leaving Brit as she unzipped and peeled her pants down her legs, leaving the lower half of her athletic body in a pair of red silk thong panties.

Lacy and sexy, they were 'party panties,' clearly chosen by the libertine youngster with the expectation of being seen at some point during the night's party activities. The crotch clung snug against her pussy, but there was no obvious 'camel toe.'

Still, it was clear Brit's pretty little snatch was perfectly bald.

David worked as hard as he could to remain calm on the outside, but inside his heart was pounding. There was no hiding the full erection pressing against his shorts...certainly not from any of the three women, and particularly the lustful gaze of his twin sister.

When Brit moved to her torso, the anxious young wrestler feared Brit might pull the common women's tactic of removing her bra while still under her tight blouse.

It was a trick used by women for decades to thwart the lurid designs of men hoping to glimpse the wonderful mounds the bra contained, and one confounding many a man with the expertise it required.

David thankfully discovered Brit had no such intention.

Pulling her pretty blouse easily over her head, disheveling her cute short brown hair styled in bows for the previous night's party, Brit tossed the blouse on the table to stand for a moment in the sexy red push-up bra. The lace trim on the cups did little to hide her impressive cleavage as her considerable tits were mashed together by the garment.

Brit vainly posed long enough for everyone in the room to cast an appreciative eye at her trim, muscular body. At only 5'4" and 108 lbs., the young soccer star had a wiry strength characterized by well-defined shoulders and arms, a smooth, tapered waist featuring a rock-ribbed six-pack abdomen flowing into the narrow hips of a teenager.

Her legs were no different -- lean and muscular from the hours of running during her training, with her quads carved of granite and her calves high and compact like those of a sprinter.

The young beauty really was physically splendid -- a fact even her non-athletic big sister Allison could recognize. Kate felt a certain pride in Brit, despite the shameful circumstance of her disrobing, knowing as a former world-class gymnast the effort required to achieve such an excellent physique.

As a guy obsessed with his own image, David certainly welcomed the vision of his twin sister's firm body, even beyond the thought of sex, to a simple acknowledgement of her athletic perfection.

Unconcerned with covering herself and loving the attention, Brit simply pulled down the shoulder straps of her pretty bra and unhooked the back, allowing the cloth to fall away from her good-sized and delightfully firm tits.

"Uhh...yes, that's right," David stammered his approval, unblinking as he studied his twin sister's twin globes.

"They're really amazing, Brit," David gushed unremittingly in a hushed whisper of appreciation, noting the perfect combination of generous size and impressive shape.

True to the rest of her body, Brit's spectacular breasts showed no fat whatsoever.

Instead, they were composed solidly of gland, allowing them to rest buoyantly high on her chest. The pale smooth skin of her tit-flesh was lighter than the even bronze tan of the rest of her body -- the result of exposure to the sun during her sports activities.

Brit's nipples weren't large...probably the size of a quarter when flaccid. It was a state not currently in evidence as the crinkled nubs expressed the highly-peaked level of Brit's sexual excitement at the sudden transformation of her family, along with the thrill of stripping naked before her mother, sister and brother.

"Don't keep me in suspense, Brit, what's the story...how big?" David asked with the faltering voice of an enthralled teenager so thrilled seeing his twin sister's marvelous tits for the first time.

Her fixated brother couldn't help from immaturely focusing on her bra size in the way of most horny males.

Hands on her hips with a seductive smile, Brit waggled her wonderfully dense jugs back and forth playfully, with the firm mounds swaying but holding securely to form, and falling quickly back into place once she stopped.

"33-C," she answered coquettishly, the pride in her voice evident.

On the diminutive girl's small frame, C-cup tits looked huge, and were only made more so by their solid structure and density. Needing to really strap them down when she played a match was a bit bothersome, but they were extremely useful when pursuing her other avocation -- attracting boys...and girls.

"They look great! I mean, all three of you have great tits," David fractiously commented, with Brit nodding her agreement. "It must run in the family."

Kate's head bowed in guilt and reproach, while Allison remained stoic, accustomed to the frequent praise of her immense chest. Brit, however, was feeling more and more comfortable with the new arrangement in the Thornton household as she preened before the room in just her panties.

"Where is dad anyway?" The aroused girl asked no one in particular.

"He's in his study," David replied, before nastily adding, "...been in there since Allison sucked him off this morning."

"DAVID! PLEASE?!!" Allison protested her brother's embarrassing revelation. "Is that really necessary?"

The unfortunate nerdy girl's hand grasped her mouth with a ponderous shame for what she had done, along with her concern about her malevolent little sister knowing about it.

"Really, Allie?! You sucked off daddy?" It was a notion so lurid in Brit's mind, it virtually changed her entire demeanor towards her socially-inept big sister in a heartbeat.

"Oh my, what was it like? Does he have a big cock, like David?" Brit queried Allison while sneaking a quick glimpse at her twin brother's impressive tool, still pressing against his shorts as the question flowed from her mouth.

"In his dreams," David snickered. "Dad's pretty tiny. That's why mom found it necessary to visit Mrs. Rutherford and her strap-on collection every week."

"OH, DAVID! MUST YOU?" Kate blanched at the sordid revelation of her secretive lesbian affair.

Their annoyed mother immediately snapped out of her melancholy wallowing over her newfound subservience to David and her youngest daughter to confront the scandalous truth.

"Huh? Mrs. Rutherford?" Brit wondered with a quizzical lilt to her questioning response as her deceitful brother bombarded her with the continuous litany of sordid family secrets.

Kate's smoldering blue eyes bulged and her face flushed red as her delinquent son disclosed the private and previously undisclosed sexual relationship between herself and her long-time friend and tennis partner.

"Oh David, why?" Kate's scorned her son, and her forlorn expression told of her demoralized spirit. She protectively wrapped her arms across her chest as her knees weakened beneath the weight of her derogation.

The warmth stirring in Kate's panties told a different story.

It told a tale of the unmentionable arousal created by the betrayal of her forbidden relationship with June to her youngest daughter, coupled with the admittedly appealing vision of Brit's hard-body nearly nude before her eyes.

Combined with the previous exploration of her panty-covered pussy by her 18-year-old daughter, it was nearly intolerable -- all so corrupt and disreputable, yet so unthinkably intoxicating to their decent 41-year-old mother.

"Mrs. Rutherford? But, she's so nice and proper," Brit remarked, genuinely surprised at the affair, but quietly pleased to know of her mother's apparent attraction to women.

"Yeah, but she's hot too. Mom's got good taste in women, wouldn't you say?" David remarked rhetorically, jumping in with the inappropriate commentary, and proving power doesn't necessarily equal maturity.

"Mrs. Rutherford's built like a brick shithouse, and mom says she has a nice collection of strap-on cocks to help her deal with dad's little penis," the glowing despotic youth exposed their mother's most intimate confessions to his dazed twin sister.

Kate glared at her son, as much for the disrespectful comment about his father as in acknowledgement of its truth.

"Wow, mom, I would have never guessed," Brit declared.

The animated, nearly naked soccer whiz was clearly delighted, almost giddy in her realization of just how far she could go with her apparently not-quite-so traditional mother.

"Mrs. Rutherford is pretty," Brit noted sincerely, then added with unseemly anticipation of their new mother-daughter relationship, "but I didn't know you were so fond of girls."

"I guess that gives us something in common to span the generation gap," she giggled.

"Well, Britney Marie Thornton, I suppose I'm every bit as surprised at your affinity as well," Kate declared defensively, reverting to her mother voice while casting a sideways glance at her leering daughter.

"I guess I understand now why you like to spend so much time at Jenny's apartment," Kate added assertively, trying to regain some sense of dignity and parental authority.

"We're just friends," Brit beamed, unwilling to give ground and replying with a wink, "with some benefits."

"But it's okay mom," the undaunted teen retorted, turning the tables back on her mother. "I like cocks too. Big cocks...just like you!"

"BRITNEY!" Kate yelped with a fluster at the crude accusation by her once-sweet little girl. It wasn't necessarily the type of comment a mother likes to hear from her youngest daughter, even under these trying circumstances.

As if to prove her point, Brit sashayed to where David stood and lightly traced the back of her index finger along his pulsing shaft over his pants in much the same way she had her mother's tender mound moments earlier.

David's twin sister's glorious tits stood high and proud only inches from his bare chest, and while supremely tempted, the resolute collegian stoically resisted the urge to touch them...at least, just yet.

"Speaking of which David, I've shown you mine...well, most of it, anyway. Why don't you let me get a look at your big boy?" Brit murmured in a husky tone edged with a tinge of forbidden lust.

"I mean, if that's part of the deal," she reasoned, "I think I should see what I'm expected to handle, as it were."

David was ecstatic to the point of helplessness to stop Brit from hooking her thumbs into the waistband of his shorts and tugging them down.

"Wow...nice! Hard too," Brit praised with the halting tone of a girl who could barely contain herself while dropping to her knees to confront at eye level her brother's large, bobbing cock as it was released from its lair.

"I gotta tell ya, David," she complimented innocently and with all good intent. "I would have never guessed you had such a fucking big cock."

Brit snared the waving pole in the palm of her hand, judging the warm meat's girth and density with a pleased look of approval.

"Ohhh...fuck, Brit...," David sighed with a charge of arousal, nearly cumming right there with the mere touch of his adorable and sassy twin sister's hand on his swollen tool.

It was a fantasy come to life.

"From what I'm hearing about dad, David must get this bad boy from your side of the family, mom," Brit suggested perversely with a coy smile, before adding lewdly. "Grandpa must be hung."

"Britney! Honestly, you shouldn't think such things," Kate rebuked her little girl, stunned at her temerity.

As Kate reprimanded her licentious daughter she was shaken by her own hypocrisy -- ashamed at experiencing similar thoughts about her father upon her introduction of David's sizable tool into her mouth only yesterday.

"Later, 'BIG' brother," Brit promised the breathless youth, while emphasizing the quantitative term for her twin as an assurance of her keen interest in familiarizing herself more intimately with David's big cock.

Before rising, however, the cute, athletic girl indecently lavished a swift kiss onto the purplish knob, causing his knees to buckle.

'Whewww...,' he caught his breath with the contact of his pretty sister's soft, pursed lips against his supple crown.

"You're right mom, I can find out about Grandpa some other day," Brit teased, returning her attention to Kate, and leaving her flummoxed mother stunned at her little girl's jaw-droppingly immoral future designs.

"Let's have some fun in the here and now instead," the delighted teen girl announced wistfully.

"Brit, stop it...please," Kate begged her wayward daughter, knowing it was to no avail, just as with David.

"I don't know where Allie stands on the subject," Brit questioned, bypassing her mother's plea before postulating wickedly, "but you like girls, and I like girls. So, I'm thinking we should spend some quality girl time together."

Allison simply closed her eyes in resignation, while Kate's shoulders slumped further in recognition of where all of this was leading, and her absolute inability to prevent it.

Disturbingly, competing with Kate's tormented uncertainty about unconscionably immoral sex with her youngest daughter, a rush of impure arousal coursed her veins from Brit's demand for 'girl time' with her alluring mother.

"One thing I like about girls are tits...big tits," Brit shared audaciously in her uncontainable exuberance.

"You've seen mine, now let me see yours...," the calculating, able-bodied beauty urged with no uncertainty.

"C'mon mom, lose the top, and show me those lovely titties," Brit pressed imperiously. "You too Allie...especially you. I wanna see those whoppers!"

Allison had always been sensitive about the size of her chest.

Where most girls would be thrilled to have her rack, for the intelligent college coed they were an unwanted distraction to boys...and now apparently girls too. She wasn't keen on her little sister referring to her precious breasts as 'whoppers.'

Nonetheless, with the duo of David and Brit in league together, along with the realization her lusty sister was every bit as demented as her dictatorial brother, Allison was convinced that whatever she thought about it didn't matter.

Grabbing the black mid-drift tee from the hem, she pulled it up and over her head, unabashedly turning to face her enthralled sister and push out her DD-cup chest.

Brit simply stared slack-jawed, thrilled and wonderstruck at the spectacular melons Allison possessed.

"Holy shit, Allison! I don't know why you don't get laid all the time with a major set of jugs like those?" Brit said frankly, mimicking her brother, and not holding back.

"Seriously, I don't think I've ever seen more beautiful breasts in my life...or bigger ones," Brit praised genuinely and with clear admiration. "To think they're all natural. Shit, Allie, you won the tit lottery BIG TIME!"

Allison wasn't particularly proud of her sister's accolades.

"Your turn mom...show us what you got," Brit beckoned unashamed about telling her mother to strip off her skimpy tank top.

'She's so upfront about it all,' Kate thought. 'What happened to my sweet little girl?'

Regardless of her concerns of Brit's lost innocence, Kate tentatively complied, for pretty much the same reasons as Allison. She knew resistance only brought punishment, and her bottom was still sore from last night's bedtime spanking.

Sexy in its simplicity, the tank top didn't hide much anyway, so Kate removed the fabric in one fluid motion, up and off to toss on the table.

Their downtrodden mother was less bold than Allison in displaying her pleasing C-cup breasts...not exactly cowering, but not pushing them out either as her oldest child had defiantly done.

Nevertheless, Brit marveled at her mother's wonderful bosom.

The teardrop shape of Kate's breasts was still firm, with the smooth, pale and milky white skin contrasted nicely by dusky rose nipples drawn to tight nubs, belying her humbled mother's awkwardly eroticized state.

"Oh mommy, they're so pretty!" Brit grew weak-kneed at the sight of her mother's perfect tits. "I hope my boobs look that nice when I'm your age."

David kicked off his pants and admired the three beauties standing in the kitchen in only sexy panties -- his refined, enchanting mother and his two very different, but extremely sexy and provocative sisters.

Mom and Brit were very similar in build -- svelte and petite with taut muscles and big breasts. Only Kate's broader hips and thighs, the result of her age and motherhood, distinguished their bodies, along with the profound uplift and unmatchable firmness of Brit's incredible tits.

Allison stood out from her mother and sister -- taller, darker-haired, and with a well-proportioned voluptuousness indicative of her more sedentary lifestyle.

Of course, the most obvious difference was her hefty DD-cup melons, settling round and buoyant on her chest with just a hint of sag from their sheer weight.

Together the trio were quite a sight, and David couldn't wait to play with each of them...and all of them together.

"Let's go play," his kinky, newly-minted compatriot twin sister Brit gushed with girlish enthusiasm.

END PART 11

Family Takedown 12
byTug_Coxwell©

Disclaimer: This story is fictitious and so are the characters. All characters are 18-years-old or older. In real life, all non-consensual sex is immoral and illegal, and not condoned by the author. Not for publication.

This story contains non-consensual incestuous sex. If that bothers you, don't read it. You've been warned.

FAMILY GET TOGETHER

David gave Allison a light slap on the ass as a suggestion to head to the living room, while Brit gleefully took her mother's hand and pulled her in the same direction.

Brit had so much she wanted to do with her gorgeous mother, and she intended to get to all of them.

Still, she exercised the mental discipline honed by her athletic training to calm her palpitating heart and focus on first things first. That meant fulfilling the irresistible urge to play with her troubled mother's glorious breasts.

"These are just so wonderful, mom," the smitten young girl lauded exuberantly.

Faced her still upright mother, the indecorous 18-year-old soccer star unceremoniously scooped Kate's soft, malleable globes from beneath to gently squeeze and balance in her open palms, jiggling the pliant melons delightedly.

"Please, Brit...," Kate winced at the casual manner her joyous daughter aggressively toyed with her precious breasts, protesting weakly, "it's...well...it's not right...and it's shameful."

Kate felt uncomfortable allowing her forceful daughter to grope her appealing breasts on demand, even though both David and Allison had not only seen, but manhandled, her lovely tits many times over the last day.

Somehow, this was different. Brit was her 'baby girl,' after all, and letting her happily bounce and grope the buoyant mounds was terribly embarrassing.

"Ohhh, mom, these are so much fun," Brit callously extolled the sheer pleasure she received playing with Kate's sensitive breasts, before viciously twisting her already hardened nipples and holding on to elicit a squeal from both women -- one of delight from Brit, but of pained humiliation from her mother.

"EEEEEKK...!" Kate chirped with irritation, "Brit, that hurts...please stop...! Ohhh, you're hurting your mother."

"Ahh...hah...," Brit giggled cruelly as she tugged mercilessly on Kate's distended buds. "I'm sorry, mom, they're just so much fun. I didn't know they were so sensitive."

"I love to have my nipples teased," Kate's zealous daughter conceded, easing her grip, but still happily tweaking and pulling on the rubbery nubs but with a gentle, stimulating effect.

"Jenny nibbles on mine so sweetly, I can almost cum just from that," Brit shared the intimate lovemaking detail with her continuously surprised mother in a TMI moment. "You're my mommy...I'll go easy."

"Ohh...thank you, honey...ahhh...ohhhhh...," Kate sincerely appreciated her daughter relenting on the abuse of her aching nipples.

At the same time, the bedeviled mother sensed a stirring of arousal flush through her torso as the enchanted teen girl teasingly prodded and provoked her mother's susceptible flesh so erotically.

"Well, enough of that for now," Brit said, suddenly releasing Kate's tantalized breasts to leave her mother breathing deeply and blushing with sexual bewilderment.

"There's so much fun ahead," the bright, hard-bodied girl proclaimed, "...and I can always play with mommy's pretty titties later, right mom?"

Kate stood dazed for a moment, lost in the new world of sexual debauchery at the exploring hands and deviant minds of her youngest children, not realizing it was question and that her commanding daughter expected an answer.

"Right, mom?" Brit cajoled her faltering mother. "I can play with mommy's lovely tits whenever I want, right?"

"Oh, yes...umm...yes, Brit, you can play with my...uh...with mommy's titties whenever you like," Kate answered obediently, staying certain to use the demeaning terms to placate her imperious daughter proactively.

"Good girl," Kate's brash daughter congratulated her mother with condescending approval in a manner so similar to her arrogant twin brother.

Brit was ready to take her tempting mother down the next step on the ladder to debasement and sexual servitude, and such demeaning displays by Kate served to ingrain her diminished status in her mind and soul.

Having already delicately run her fingers over her mother's prim, panty-clad mound, Brit didn't delay in removing Kate's bikini panties altogether, deftly stripping the light fabric off her startled mother's flared hips and down her powerful legs in an easy, fluid motion.

"HUUHHH...!" Brit inhaled deeply at the mere sight of her beautiful mother's baby-smooth, cleanly-shaven vagina.

"Ohhh...Britney...please, you shouldn't...," Kate bashfully cringed as her curious daughter again drew her inquisitive fingertips over the velvety surface of her bare pubis.

"Oh mommy, it's silky smooth, do you shave it every day?" Brit continued with the naïve little girl act.

David intuitively picked up on his conniving twin sister's affected performance, but wasn't sure if it was designed to enhance her own fantasy, or was for the benefit of their mother.

In the end, he didn't really care, but he liked the idea of the scandalous vignette Brit encouraged...the experienced mother teaching her 'innocent' teenage daughter about lesbian sex.

"No...I mean...well...," Kate answered haltingly, uncertain how, or if, to explain the naughty act of Brit's nerdy older sister huddling in the master bathroom shower meticulously shaving every curly hair from their nervous mother's indecently proffered cunt.

"I didn't...um...until this morning," she decided to be curt and circumspect, hoping to not provide more detail than was needed, "...but I guess I am from now on."

"Well, Brit, the truth is that mom had a nice little trimmed furry muff," David revealed ingloriously, inserting himself unnecessarily into the conversation, "...at least until Allison shaved it this morning."

The bemused youth never tired of embarrassing his mother and sister.

"Allison's bare too, by the way, thanks to mom's steady hand," he explained churlishly. "They shaved each other in the shower this morning."

"Oh wow...oh wow!" Brit's face lit up like a Broadway marquee at the very thought of her pretty mother and academically-inclined sister attending to each other's scruffy twats in the shower.

"Oh mommy, you let Allie shave your pussy?" Brit had the thrilled squeak of a young girl. "Ohh, I want to also...I want to shave your pussy, mommy!"

"Let me see Allie, show me!" Brit turned to her disquieted sister.

Allison paused, looking at the wide grin on her wicked brother's otherwise serious face, then obediently dropped her panties and kicked them aside. She didn't bother to hide her neatly denuded cunt.

"Oh my god! Ohhh, I can't wait to eat you both," Brit exalted without shame.

The ecstatic young soccer phenom's nipples were spikes with her rapidly building desire, and the crotch of her 'party panties' grew dark and sticky, damp with the moisture from her warming pussy.

Kate and Allison both swooned at the disturbing notion. This was all too unbelievable as Brit brazenly put into words her perverse intentions for her despairing mother and wary sister to woefully digest.

Those intentions now expressly included Brit's introduction as the last uninitiated member of the Thornton clan to incestuous lesbian sex.

"See, my pussy is shaved too!" Brit declared boldly.

Ripping off her red thong as fast as possible to join her mother and sister in their total nudity, the fit teenager proudly displayed the adorable vee of her moist snatch, while subconsciously seeking their approval as the youngest.

"I'm going to love shaving them," Brit ranted while turning to her brother with a worried expression.

"I can do that...can't I?" She nearly cried, still uncertain of the extent of her authority over the disheartened pair. "Ohhh please, David, let me shave mom's pussy...please? Ooooohh...and Allison's too! Just thinking about it is getting me wet."

Kate and Allison were as disturbed by Brit's enthusiasm for the unwelcome task as David was pleased, particularly since his twin sister and new assistant had deigned to ask for his permission.

Brit's new master was even happier to finally see his twin sister in all her glory, exhibiting her supremely hot, tight body fully nude. Every inch of Brit's incredibly athletic form was the picture of perfection, right down to her pretty little pink slit.

"I'm pretty sure we can arrange for all three of you to take care of each other's feminine beauty regimen, Brit," David granted magnanimously.

Brit was horny and couldn't wait any longer, placing her butt in the large cushioned living room chair and draping her limber thighs over the broad padded arms. Scooting her narrow muscular ass to the edge of the seat so her cunt was completely accessible, it still allowed her flexible legs to remain hooked over the sides of the chair.

Brit was spread wide and on full display, her glistening pink gash split down the middle and totally available.

"Ohh, I'm so hot, I'm burning up," Brit advised saucily, ready to issue the first of what would become many deviant and degrading orders in a shocking demonstration of her newly-acquired power.

"Oh, mommy, please...put out the fire in my pussy," Kate's scurrilous teenager begged. "Please, oh please...eat your baby girl's hot little snatch."

"Ohhh, Brit, nooo...," Kate whimpered, shuddering visibly.

Struggling viscerally to accept her youngest daughter's deranged desire for her vexed mother to labor wantonly between her outstretched legs, Kate was in emotional turmoil, and ashamed of the subliminal need to hungrily fulfill her baby girl's expectations.

Twenty-four hours ago, Kate could never imagine eating both of her teenage girl's nubile young cunts, if not willingly, then eagerly. Now, her entire world had turned upside down in a sea of pure depravity.

'Oh lord, what has my life become?' Kate agonized in her heart, before kneeling cooperatively on the carpet between the tawny legs of her sweet, adorable daughter.

Brit was totally exposed before her mother, with her pristine twat visible and utterly inescapable in every detail to the docile 40-something woman.

Sad and miserable, and despite the enormity of her emotional devastation at the lewd task, Kate couldn't deny her own arousal, and the stirring lust growing in her tantalized body.

The acquiescent mother's own building heat at the perverse thought of licking and teasing her adorable and cute youngest daughter's appealing little cunt, set out before her like a luscious royal banquet.

"Come, mommy," Brit coquettishly beckoned her delaying mother, "...come eat my pussy. Cool down your little girl's steaming hot snatch."

David thought it was the sexiest, most erotic scene ever...even more so than the torrid '69' last night between his sophisticated mom and her big-titted oldest daughter.

Brit's raspy breath rose deep from within in anticipation of her mother's oral attention, with her densely compact tits sloping to the sides of her chest, and her wiry, powerful legs stretched to their max over the chair arms.

Their unhappy mother studied the assignment before her through reddened, weepy eyes, before slowly lowering her head between her fit daughter's spread thighs

'Her pussy is breathtaking,' her reluctant mother confessed, inhaling breathless with the vision.

The desirable teenager was an overall physical specimen of female perfection, and her hairless mound was no exception. Alabaster and baby smooth, her dainty pubis curved gently down to her ruffled, puffy labia pinched together neatly to form an almost virginal seal.

'She's still so young...and fresh,' Kate realized, indecently admitting that were Brit some other mother's 18-year-old daughter, she'd be chafing at the bit to bury her tongue into the breach of such a splendid cunt.

'Huhhh...,' Kate drew a breath, inhaling the lovely fragrance of her little girl's warming pussy. Closing her eyes, she glided her tongue gingerly over the tight seam.

"Ummmmm...," Brit sighed as a rush of excitement rolled through her trembling body.

"Mmmumhhh...," Kate murmured while a repulsing chill bolted through her own body at the thought of what she was doing...and to whom.

"Ohhh, mommy, your tongue feels wonderful!" Brit glowed, sticking to her little girl motif. "Oh please, mommy, lick my pussy more...eat out your little girl."

Kate had performed this very same act on her older daughter only hours earlier, yet for some unknown reason, the incestuous contact with her baby girl's tempting little snatch was far more shameful and demented.

Nonetheless, corrupted by her only son and increasingly jaded by her debauchery, Kate predictably remained undeterred by her recriminations.

Dipping her tongue in for a second foray between Brit's stretched thighs, the newly-debased mother extended the curled tip to run along the full crease of her eager daughter's pussy slit, pushing in ever-so-slightly to part the fleshy petals and dig deeper into the dark passage.

'UHHGGH...,' Kate suddenly recoiled, a dour expression on her face, and immediately thought something was off.

Naturally, she had never savored her youngest daughter's aromatic cunt before, but this was not the fresh, vivacious flavor she expected.

'Brit tastes funny,' Kate appraised. 'Certainly not anything like Allison, or June for that matter.'

Curious, Kate dug deeper into the breach, past Brit's engorged labia to taste fully of the cavernous well of her daughter's warm snatch, only to fine more of the funny taste.

Brit smiled widely and winked a knowing grin at David, suppressing a secret only she knew. The wicked young beauty and her awful brother were thrilled at the sight of their pretty mother between her widespread legs exploring her youngest daughter's wet slit.

Brit had experienced many such Sapphic sessions with her friend Jenny, and with a couple of other girls on the side. She had even seduced her 31-year-old college soccer coach, Mallory, with the tantalizing promise of the delights between her silken thighs.

Nevertheless, the improbable sight of her elegant mother lapping at the entrance of her bald pussy made those experiences pale by comparison.

Kate tried to set aside the fact this was her lovely teenage girl whose cunt she was eating, instead ruefully puzzling over the unpleasant flavor that seemed unlikely to be Brit's own fragrant juices.

"Ahhhhh...," Brit sighed her contentment when her uncertain mother slipped her tongue deeper still into the crevice of pussy, seeking the answer to her unsettling question.

"Uhhh...nooo...," Kate grimaced and quickly withdrew. The realization of its source dawned on the disgusted mother as she wavered with a sour expression.

"What's wrong, mommy," Brit asked with devilish innocence. "Don't you like the taste of my pussy?"

"Who Brit?" Kate groused distastefully at the loathsome commodity. "Who is it? Who am I tasting?"

"Ohhh, that," Brit giggled at the repulsed expression on her mother's face, thinking it was all a big joke. "It's okay, mommy, it's only Jenny's brother, Justin."

"WHAT?!" Kate balked violently, revolted at the thought of tasting some strange guy's cum.

"C'mon, mom," Brit laughed deviously, teasing her mother with feigned incredulity and dropping momentarily the 'mommy' affectation. "Are you telling me you've never had a 'cream pie' before?"

"AWWGH...UGHH...," Kate gagged, on the verge of vomiting. "THAT'S DISGUSTING!"

"Hey, it's just Justin...he's a nice guy. He shares the apartment with Jenny," Brit excused the breach of etiquette as if she didn't understand the problem.

"Sometimes I get a little frustrated just having sex with a girl, and I need some hard penetration," the mischievous girl explained. "You know what I mean."

"So, I just go fuck Justin in his room before I leave," Brit nonchalantly told her stunned mother as innocently as telling her she was playing paper dolls in her room with her best friend.

"But don't anyone dare tell Jenny!" Brit fiercely warned everyone with absolute seriousness...including her brother.

"Clean Brit's cunt, mom," David interceded, taking on the role of enforcer for his twin sister.

The dominating youth was having far too much fun watching the torrid exhibition to allow his mother to stop eating his sister's pussy now.

"It's just cum," he admonished dismissively. "You've swallowed mine."

Kate was nauseated at the prospect, and at the same time ashamed of the awful truth of his claims about ingesting his proscribed semen.

"I can't...oh, please David. I can't," Kate wailed her plea. "I don't know this guy...I've never even met him! You expect me to...uh...to eat his cum...some stranger? And out of my own daughter's vagina?"

"Yes, I do, mom," her despicable son's tone was harsh, leaving his abhorred mother no choice, and she knew it. "And it's her cunt, not her vagina. Now, clean her out...and do a good job!"

Grudgingly, their crestfallen mother returned to the task of suctioning out some unfamiliar kid's nasty spunk deposited in Brit's sodden pussy. Even knowing the source of the funky taste, Kate struggled to reconcile herself to the thought, and was nearly unable to control her need to throw-up.

"Ahhhh...ummmmm...!" Brit moaned when her mother probed deeper and deeper into the sloppy folds of her cunt in search of Justin's foul seed.

'Smup...slrpp...mupph...,' Kate slurped and scooped.

Their disgusted mother's mouth and chin were soon coated with the glistening mix of Justin's jism and the increasing flow of her gratified daughter's juices with each dip of her tongue into Brit's soaking wet cavern, each time extracting another mouthful of filthy spunk to ferry to her stomach.

"Ohhh, mommy, that's so good," Britney sighed her contentment, returning to her little girl persona.

Kate just wanted to move onward from the unpleasant task of swallowing the unfamiliar young man's seed. As soon as she sensed his essence was no longer present in the salty-sweet nectar pouring from Brit's highly excited fuck hole, the knowledgeable mother turned her attention to her 18-year-old daughter's receptive clit, ardently poking from beneath its fleshy sheath in desperate need of contact.

"OOOHHHHH...OOHHH, JEEEEEZZZ...!!" Brit jerked her hips powerfully and blurted her blissful surrender to the brush of her mother's active tongue on her painfully aroused sex bud.

"AAANNHHH...MOM, OOHHH, YES, LICK IT FAST...OHHH, LICK MY CLITTY FASTER!" The delighted and demanding young vixen signaled her approval with loud moaning encouragement.

Brit's eyes popped open as her mother did as she required, darting her tongue tip in a series of rapid flicks along the hyper-sensitized nub to send her wavering daughter into a frenzy of enraptured joy.

"AANNNNHHHH...UUNNNNHHH...MOMMMYYY!" Brit's quivering 'O'-shaped lips released constant howls of impassioned elation.

Kate had to really bear down on Brit's athletic, spastically bouncing hips to keep her daughter's clit from leaping out of contact with her attacking tongue.

The bedeviled teen's flow grew to become a river of slick cum gushing into her mother's mouth as Kate did her best to slurp down her youngest girl's female ejaculate, while driving Brit deliriously over the top.

"AANNNHHH...AAANNNGGGHHHH...OHHHH, MOMMY...," Brit euphorically cried, "OHH, PLEASE...I'M CUMMING!"

David gaped in rapt attention as his twin sister rode the crest of her orgasmic wave on the tip of their feverishly working mother's tongue, realizing again Kate was every bit as good at eating pussy as she was at sucking cock.

'Brit's gonna want to do this every day,' David decided happily, 'but she'll also want to return the favor, no doubt.'

David correctly judged from Brit's enthusiastic response to Kate's beguiling performance that their unfortunate mother would get many opportunities to demonstrate her oral skills between his libidinous sister's soft thighs in the future.

He also knew Brit was as intrigued by the prospect of eating their cherished mother's newly-accessible pussy as she was in receiving Kate's oral attention.

'Hell, Brit may even want to bring Jenny into the mix,' he postulated hopefully. 'I wouldn't mind seeing if Jenny finds boys as interesting as she does girls.'

Of course, of the trio, Allison had the most to learn. Just introduced to Sapphic lovemaking with her mother yesterday, his shapely big sister lagged far behind both Kate and Brit in her skill set.

Not that Brit would have any hesitance to imparting the art of cunnilingus to her large-breasted older sibling. The younger girl was clearly anxious to spend some quality time with her cute, chiseled nose dug into Allison's precious, untried snatch.

Of course, she'd expect her bisexual-in-training sister to reciprocate by demonstrating all the tricks Allison had learned on Brit's always-ready muff.

While the exceedingly successful events of the morning were everything and more than he could have hoped, David was growing tired of being a mere spectator. It was time to exact some payment for the bevy of familial pussy he was granting his fortunate twin sister.

'Brit's sweet little mouth seems a good place to start,' he decided.

"Mom, stay there...but keep going," David barked.

Brit's slumped position on the chair cushion was a bit awkward, but David had an idea about how to accommodate it. He didn't think his adventurous sister would object, not that it mattered if she did.

Kate's tongue was tired, but she was well-accomplished at eating June Rutherford to multiple orgasms, so buried her head back into Brit's sopping wet gash.

Slowing her pace to languidly lap along her sexually-enervated daughter's vulva, the experienced mother leisurely slipped her probing tongue periodically into the chasm of Brit's smoldering pussy channel.

"Oooooohhh, mommy, that's so nice," Brit cooed when Kate stroked deliberately up the cleft of her cunt to poke and lick across her satisfied but still-agitated clit.

"Allison, get under mom and eat her snatch," David instructed his spectating older sister as if explaining a simple household chore to his downfallen older sister. "She's doing such a great job on Brit, her cunt's probably hot as a furnace by now."

David's naked big sister promptly did as told, sliding between Kate's parted knees to place her head looking straight up at her slick pink gash. As the insightful youngster had suggested, the laboring mother's boiling sex channel was indeed practically dripping with her flowing juices.

"Toss me a pillow, David," Allison cleverly asked her brother in recognizing she needed some assistance to properly service her diminutive mother's difficult-to-reach twat.

David's forward-thinking college sister wisely propped her head, elevating her face enough so that, with just a slight tug on her mother's wriggling hips, she ably pulled Kate's inflamed cunt to within easy reach of her tongue.

Employing her lessons to date on how best to lick and probe her mother's aroused twat, Allison trailed her tongue along Kate's parted slit, drawing her fat, meaty labia between her suckling lips.

"Mmmpphhh...uunnmmm...mmphh...," Kate's sighs were expressed as muffled moans into Brit's twitchy and anxious pussy.

"Okay, Brit, it's time to pay the piper...or play it," David chuckled.

Gracelessly, the intent youth climbed naked onto the chair cushion, kneeling on either side of his dazed twin sister's reclining torso, while angling to place the flared tip of his long cock at mouth level.

Brit's fluttering eyes awoke with immediate recognition as the eye of her brother's beautiful big cock stared back.

A pearly drop of pre-cum dotted the tip, waiting impatiently to be swallowed down by David's athletic sister while at the same time she relished the warm wet inquisitive tongue of their mother.

Brit's mouth popped open immediately with understanding, and without hesitation she slipped out her tongue to steal a dollop of translucent fluid from the head of her dominant brother's wagging pole with an impish grin.

"Mmmmm...yummy," Brit smiled happily before opening wide to let David slip the fat crown of his cock between her thin moist lips and swirl her tongue around the surface in welcome.

"Ohh yeah...oh shit, that's nice, sis," David moaned, closing his eyes and tilting his head in exaltation.

David was in heaven.

After everything -- from the forbidden sex with his older sister to the domination of his lovely, petite mother and wimpy father -- the feel of his sexy, adorable and hard-bodied twin sister's velvety lips enveloping his sensitive cockhead was almost too much.

It was only this morning's earlier orgasms, and the desire to experience Brit's soft mouth fully, saving him from shooting his load right then and there.

"Feed me your big cock, brother," Brit purposefully spit David's bulging nob from her mouth to seductively invite the eager young stud.

Kate's ears burned with sorrow and shame at the obscene remark and her recognition of the demented, incestuous downfall of her family, even as she continued to lick, tease and taunt her youngest girl's weeping cunt.

David knew immediately Brit's like-minded appreciation of deviant sex would provide countless opportunities to satisfy his perversions henceforth.

"Satisfy yourself, Brit," he replied, taking his flushed and sweating twin sister up on her offer.

David happily returned his stiff, veined tool to her welcoming mouth as Brit's silken lips stretched widely to accept the rigid meat as it pushed inward, with the exquisitely soft embrace of her nursing lips sending David into a trance-like state of sexual fulfillment.

Instinctively seeking the entrance to her throat, but not wanting to overwhelm her too quickly, David gently rocked his hips slightly forward each time to introduce another inch of his tense shaft into Brit's mouth. At this point he was uncertain if she could take it all and didn't want to cause an unpleasant gag.

For his own reasons, the bewitched young man wanted this to be good for his luscious sister too. He selfishly looked forward to using Brit's mouth often, and he didn't want to need to cajole her as he initially did Allison and his mother.

"Ohhh, mom...your tongue feels...umm...sooo good on my clitty," Brit pulled away briefly from her brother's invading cock to extoll the virtues of Kate's cunt-licking abilities, rapturously enjoying her talented mother's tongue delightfully tormenting her exquisitely incensed sex button.

Widening her jaws once more, Brit swallowed each inch of her brother's considerable shaft. More and more of big cock filled her mouth, until David finally pushed the spongy knob against her throat, easily punching into the entrance until his wiry pubic bush brushed against her upper lip.

"Ohh, shit, Brit...I always figured you knew how to suck cock," David complimented his accommodating twin sister. "Your mouth feels great!"

The impressed young wrestler watched his full length disappear between his desirable sister's staining lips, with her light blue eyes trained on his in an intuitive acknowledgement of the proper cocksucking technique.

'Ggck...ggh...,' Brit only gagged a little as his warm meat occupied the opening to her throat at a somewhat difficult angle with her shoulders pressed against the back seat cushion.

It was clear to anyone watching she had done this before; a fact not unnoticed by her disheartened mother as she labored over her mighty mite daughter's hyper-aroused cunt.

Regardless, it was the most beautiful thing David had ever seen. Perversely, even more so than when his mother's luscious lips were wrapped around his cock, and most probably because of the unspoken bond between them as fraternal twins.

Closing his eyes to focus all his senses on the glorious sensation of Brit's gentle suctioning on his iron-bar cock, David settled into a smooth, hip-rolling motion, drawing out most of his length before easily sliding back in again.

Respectfully, David fucked his intently-focused partner and twin sister's mouth...each time bottoming out just past the rim of her expansive throat.

David's ears remained attuned to the myriad sounds of slurping oral sex happening all-around, while Brit's hollowed cheeks suctioned the pulsing flesh of his thick shaft accompanied by the increasingly loud moans from their persevering mother.

Meanwhile, Allison worked diligently between Kate's widespread thighs from beneath, with David's brainy sister's face shining with the mix of their mother's cunt juice and her own saliva as she licked, nibbled and prodded Kate's needy cunt.

If David could have looked behind him, he'd his big sister from the shoulder's down, stretched out on the floor with her head hidden in her mother's pussy. Allison's giant mounds jostled easily across her chest, with her hips actively squirming in search of a stimulus for her own pussy that wasn't there.

David took his time, delicately shifting his hips as he delicately rode Brit's face, with his glistening cock slipping all the way into her wet mouth with a regular rhythm.

The obsessed teen knew the act of taking her twin brother's big cock into her mouth was driving up Brit's arousal too, as her hips developed a gentle rotation in response to her mother's persistent tonguing of her itchy clit.

'Mmmuph...mmph...mmmp...,' the muffled moans escaping Brit's lips sealed around the wide girth of David's sturdy tool matched her mother's in their intensity.

Despite his best efforts, David sensed he wasn't going to last much longer. The sight of his cock between Brit's stretched lips was simply too much to withstand for long.

"Ohh, jeez...fucking shit...," David groaned, suddenly feeling something so unexpected it set him off without control.

A gentle, caring set of slender fingertips reached between his legs and delicately grasped his hanging ball sack, lightly tugging on the large orbs within their tender, hairy bag of flesh.

It was his mother, still ardently pressing her face into her baby girl's twitching pussy, but with her intent blue eyes focused on David' butt as he repeatedly drove his cock into his sister's mouth.

Seeing his big balls stretched in their saggy pouch unattended, of her own volition Kate took it upon herself to massage the swinging pair, apparently desirous of assisting her youngest daughter in the indecent task of extracting her twin brother's creamy jism.

"UUUNNNNGGGHH...HERE IT COMES, SIS..." David warned presciently, but without any intention of pulling out. "OOOHHHHH, FUUCCCK YEAH!"

Kate's shameful act was all he could handle mentally.

The very idea that his submissive mother had sunk low enough in her subservience to his sexual needs that she would aide his quest to cum in the mouth of his twin sister -- her youngest daughter, was everything he wanted from Kate.

"UGGGHHHHH...BRITNEY!" David yelped, slipping his pulsing cock half-way into Brit's mouth before letting loose a gush of thick spunk between her stretched lips.

Immersed in her own building orgasm, but experienced enough to know what to do, Brit adjusted her tongue subtly underneath her brother's spewing cockhead and accepted the first warm burst of viscous fluid into her cheeks before swallowing it down her throat.

"AAAGGHH...OHHH YEAH...UNNH...DRINK MY CUM, SIS!!" David enthusiastically encouraged his newly-acquired partner in debauchery.

'MMMMH...MMMPH...,' Brit mumbled while gulping the torrent of cum the best she could.

David held Brit by her short brown hair, not forcefully, but just enough to steady himself, and shot another blast of milky jism into his sister's waiting mouth.

This time the force of the jet sent a stream escaping at the corner to dribble slowly down her chin. Still, she managed to consume the bulk of his seed, drawing it down to join with the first mouthful in her stomach.

'MOOOHHHHH...MUMMPPH...,' Brit moaned as the erotic charge of swallowing the voluminous contents of her twin brother's heavy balls triggered another climax.

The ecstatic teenager flickering eyes rolled up in her head as her mother maintained constant pressure on her ecstatic clitoris, powering on even as Brit's hips shuddered with the impact of her own and her brother's matching orgasms.

'SMUMMPH...MMMUPH...,' The young soccer star's mouth was on virtual auto-pilot, consuming each drop of spurting cum from David's limitless balls.

It wasn't until both her youngest children's erotic highs peaked that Kate herself exploded in a powerful wave of lustful gratification on the mouth of her oldest daughter.

"AAHHHH...MMMMMM! OHH, SWEETIE...THERE...ON MY CLIT...OHHHHH...ALLIE, SOOOO GOOOOD!" Kate shouted her own shattering orgasm.

Their lust-besotted mother's slick juices sprinkled Allison's face with a sheen of misty dew as Kate arched her back, inadvertently pulling her trembling mouth away from Brit's pink gash to shudder through her own gratifying climax on the hard-working collegian's brilliant tongue.

Kate writhed uncontrollably, oblivious to the disturbing perversity of the taboo scene in which she was a central performer -- the lovely trio of mother and two daughters engaged in a ménage of lesbian sex so obscene it was beyond her conception until today.

The hopeless wife and mother feared opening her eyes to the nightmare of her family's incestuous sexual odyssey, but couldn't escape the lurid reality brought upon them by her treacherous son.

Brit did open her eyes as her twin brother withdrew his pulsing meat from between her glazed lips, staring at his beautiful cock as he raised himself off the chair.

Bringing her panting mother into focus at her lap, with Kate's sweat-draped sandy brown bangs pasted to her forehead and her mouth slick with the effusive fluids emitted by her youngest daughter's pussy, Britney Thornton could only smile the biggest shit-eating grin of her life.

'This is beyond belief,' she sat amazed at the unnatural production occurring before her dazed eyes. 'Mom just ate my pussy. David's worked a fucking miracle.'

'It's too amazing, but it won't be the last time,' the ecstatic soccer star promised herself sincerely.

Below Kate's convulsing pelvis, Allison lay prostrate. The voluptuous coed was exhausted from eating her mother's hungrily receptive cunt, with her tongue and jaw muscles sore after tantalizing Kate's greedy clitoris for seemingly hours, but what was actually only minutes.

Worse, Allison was tremendously worked up herself, laying on her back remarkably horny from the untoward act of licking her mother's twat, without any fulfillment of her own dampening pussy's needs. The full-bodied academic's protruding clit was unattended, and she crushed her thighs together in an unsuccessful attempt to provide some form of stimulus to her achingly unsatisfied pearl of awakened flesh.

Enraptured in their own world of lust and sexual pleasure, none of the four depraved partners noticed George enter the living room...except David, now standing next to the cushioned chair.

Drawn by the ruckus and loud moans of delight, the family patriarch had witnessed most of the shocking performance, uncertain if he had a role to play without first seeking his son's permission.

David's nude, muscular body was on magnificent display, with his hands on his hips and his deflating cock at half-mast. He stood panting while recovering from the fabulous mouth of his twin sister and her exhilarating blowjob, or more accurately face fuck, Brit had administered to him...or he to her.

Fully clothed, but clearly sporting a small erection evidenced by the wet stain on the front of his Khaki pants, George looked at David questioningly, as if silently asking for his approval to take some act.

The older man shot a nervous glance down at Allison, then back at his son, who nodded with understanding and grinned with appreciation at his father's desires.

As Allison lay unsatisfied in her hyper-sexualized state, unfulfilled and desperately in need of someone to do something to help her cum too, her excited father dropped between her wandering legs.

Easily parting his daughter's limply flopping thighs, George lovingly studied the beauty of Allison's delicately parted slit, with the ruffled petals of her labia fat and swollen with her arousal. His oldest daughter's tender pink seam cleaved wet and beckoning in open invitation to welcome stimulation from something...anything.

Allison was George's 'little girl' -- his favorite, although he was too thoughtful to his other children to ever say so. She was the most like him, introverted and intellectual. She even shared his hair color, at least back when he had hair...his own dark mop having receded to the 'cue ball' look he now sported.

George had never thought of Allison sexually.

After the last 24 hours, however -- seeing his luscious teen genius naked, marveling at her awe-inspiringly big tits, and ultimately her servicing his small cock with her soft mouth -- his desire for her had been improperly ignited.

'Oh my...,' George gasped silently. The sight of Allison's pristine pussy spread before his eyes was the most unexpected, yet undeniably splendid vision he had ever seen.

Now, certain of his son's approval, albeit driven by David's decadent desire to degenerately watch his father eat his bitchy sister's needy cunt, George waited no further.

Dipping into the well of Allison's warm chasm, the gratified older man traced his tongue deliberately along his unaware daughter's cleaving pink slit to drink of the salty-sweet essence flowing like a spring.

"Uhhhhh...ohhh...!" Allison gasped her surprise, but parted her thighs further to accept the pleasant tonguing from the as yet unknown person.

With her head still trapped beneath her mother's dripping pussy, who in turn rested her head on Brit's lap, Allison was unable to see the source of the erotic stimulus to her hyper-sensitized twat.

Indeed, none of the three ladies could see George's prostrate form between his oldest daughter's splayed thighs, with her legs stretching ever further to receive the welcome visitor into her inner sanctuary.

"UUHHH...UUUMMMMMMM...," George drew an even louder gasp from Allison, followed by a long moan when he pushed deeper.

Slipping his tongue fully into the raging furnace of his 19-year-old daughter's overheated cunt, Allison pushed her mound upward to meet the exploring appendage. She knew her mother and sister were otherwise occupied, and thereby assumed it must be her brother satisfying her need orally, just as he had the previous morning.

David suspected his father possessed an admirable quality only his mother was likely to know well.

The intuitive youngster correctly guessed that, due to the 'affliction' of an inadequately small penis, as a loving husband George had worked diligently over the years to perfect the art of cunnilingus in hopes of providing Kate a stimulating and fulfilling sexual experience as a substitute.

"Oooooh...huh...ahhhhh...," Allison cooed under the sensuous tongue of her father.

In just the first few moments between her shuddering legs, George confirmed for his son what his college genius daughter was about to learn -- their father was world-class at eating pussy, and a cunt-licker extraordinaire of the first order.

Hearing Allison's receptive moans, George dug in to his pleased daughter's delightfully bald snatch, probing and poking his tongue purposefully into nooks and corners within the walls of her cunt in a most exciting and entertaining manner.

"MMMMMM...HUUH...AAAHHHHH...HUHH...," Allison's breathing deepened as her hips squirmed with pleasure.

Even muffled by the meaty, dripping cavern of her mother's aroused snatch as she continued her artful tongue-work on Kate, the grateful teenager's moans became of string of satisfied groans as her father worked his magic deep into the soft folds of her own sopping wet fuck channel.

Lost in a world of sensations unlike any she'd ever experienced as George's darting and teasing tongue profoundly touched places within her cunt in ways she could hardly bear, Allison was still unaware it was her father eating her pussy with such skill and devotion.

Their alerted mother, however, unable to avoid the increasing din of Allison's urgent wails, became curious about the obvious quality of the oral servicing her oldest daughter was receiving.

'That can't be David,' Kate assumed, knowing her son didn't have the experience necessary to generate that kind of reaction in a young woman.

Turning to see David standing by her side, Kate's suspicions were confirmed, and the realization of who was plying his tongue with such talented verve into the depths of Allison's pulsing twat suddenly became apparent.

"George?" She asked with puzzlement, momentarily lifting her pussy juice glistening face from the sloppy, reddened surface of her youngest daughter's tantalized cunt.

George was too busy to respond, but Kate knew she was right. Allison, her head between her mother's legs, and her mind focused solely on the glorious rapture occurring between her widely-parted thighs, didn't hear a thing.

"Oh my god, George!" Kate squealed. "Are you eating Allison's pussy?"

It was a question that didn't need answering. Kate knew it could only be her husband, familiar with the pleasure-inducing capabilities of his tongue when applied to her own happy cunt, and especially since he was the only person left in the house.

Her knee-jerk reaction was disgust.

"Oh George, how...how can you...she's your daughter?" Kate cried aloud, then quickly realized the ridiculousness of her objections.

She had done that and worse with that same daughter, along with their other children. To castigate George for enjoying the wonderfully plump pussy of their oldest daughter was not only hypocritical, but under the circumstances, it was just plain silly.

As she came to her senses, Kate actually allowed a small grin to cross her face. She knew how good George was at eating her out. It was his only redeeming quality in bed, but it was considerable. Her husband prided himself on his pussy-eating abilities, and rightfully so.

'She's gonna be ruined for anyone else's tongue after her father gets through with her little twat,' a more amenable Kate giggled to herself.

After thoroughly inspecting every inch of the inside of his daughter's cunt with his tongue, George zeroed in on Allison's erect clit to torture and tease the yearning little sex button until she was ready to burst out of her skin with ecstasy.

"AAWWWHH...OHHH, JEEEZ, DAVID...!" Allison called, still under the misguided belief it was her nefarious brother working her flowing cunt so well. "LIKE THAT...UNHHH...LICK MY CLIT LIKE THAT!"

George ignored his daughter's pleas, taking a certain pleasure in her error in identifying her brother as the source of her building pleasure. He was determined to give Allison multiple orgasms of the kind that made her toes break from the strain as they curled, and her hair stand on end.

Kate knew he could do it too, and with each climax would come an increasing level of intensity, until her daughter was tearfully begging her father to stop before she lost her mind.

Her father's toying tweak of her clit sparked the growing fire, and Allison once again involuntarily forced her mound up to his mouth to press her aching bud against his tongue.

"OOOHHHH, YESSS, DAVID...OOHHH, RIGHT THERE!" Allison squealed hysterically, jerking her powerful hips and nearly bucking her father off from his determined mission between his delighted daughter's thighs.

By now Brit was in on the game, aware of the obvious sex occurring so loudly below and hearing her mother exclaim her father's name. Brit couldn't see a thing from her vantage point, but the mere thought of the untoward act had the budding athlete highly-aroused.

'Daddy's eating Allison's cunt!' Her thrilled mind raced.

"UUUNNNHHHH...OOOHHH...OOOHHHHH, MYYYYY...CUMMMING!" Allison howled, peaking for what would become the first of several rising, high-pitched, nerve-shattering climaxes.

"Oh, shit, he's driving Allie insane...," Brit yelped with lively enthusiasm to her knowing mother.

"Ohh, mommy, I want daddy to eat my pussy like that!" The depraved girl exclaimed as her thoughts turned to the tantalizing prospect of her father's tongue lapping greedily at her nubile cunt.

With her blue eyes ablaze and set on her mother's sparkling pair, the provoked teenager sought Kate's affirmation of her incomprehensibly deviant intent. It was as impure a request as any Kate Thornton had ever heard.

"Yes, sweetie, daddy's very good," her mother sheepishly acknowledged, but a sudden rush of uncomfortable jealously came over Brit's blushing mother.

Kate knew of her husband's talents for cunnilingus, and his devotion to satisfying his wife's needs when he otherwise could not. To hear her sex-crazed daughters, one moaning uncontrollably under his oral manipulations, and the other expressing her desire to do the same, made her feel protective of her turf.

'Whatever George's strengths or weaknesses,' Kate's aggrieved feelings echoed in her head, 'they belong to me, not our daughters.'

At an emotionally raw, deeper, and more demented level, Kate felt inadequate; reacting with a certain hurt that after having just made her youngest daughter cum powerfully with her tongue, Brit now expressed a hope to experience her father's expertise...as if Kate's own cunt-eating performance was somehow unsatisfactory.

'I thought I ate Brit's pussy pretty well?' Their uncertain mother questioned herself.

"UUNNNNHH...UUGGGHHHH...OHHH MY GAWWWD...," Allison's wavering screams of lustful elation filled the air and broke her pensive mother's wallowing reverie.

Kate's misgivings aside, Allison was going ballistic with one orgasm rolling into another as her father worked his tongue unceasingly over her ecstatic clitoris.

The brainy Cal Sci sophomore's hands wrapped around her mother's thighs, with her forehead smashed up against Kate's cunt and eyes clenched tight. Allison's abdominal muscles knotted painfully, and her fleshy ass danced spastically across the carpet.

Delirious with her sexual rapture, her pelvis humped desperately upward in pursuit of her daddy's badgering tongue as she crested yet again in a mighty tsunami of orgasmic euphoria.

Throughout her endless climaxes, one rolling into another, George dug in, tightly gripping Allison's taut thighs to provoke and vex his daughter's distressed bud to the point of breaking her sanity.

"OOOHHHH, OOOHHHHH...HOLY FUCK...UUUNNNNHHHH...I CAN'T...OHHH, OHH STOPPP!" Allison beseeched her unknown antagonist. "IT'S TOO MUCH...I CAN'T...UNHHH...CUM AGAINNN!! OHHH NOOOOO... AAAWWNNNNHHHHH...!!!"

Cum again is exactly what Allison did as her mind was blinded by white light with the amplitude of her forceful climax.

Unable to stand it any longer, with the tremors of her orgasms blending one into another and her stomach muscles strained to the point of hurting, Allison lowered her hands to try to push away the relentless mouth of her tormentor.

"OHHH, DAVID, STOPPP...," Allison begged and squirmed before the light in her head turned on.

"DADDY?!" The stunned academic cried in her shock, finding her father's bald head between her legs ardently lapping at her achingly overworked pussy.

"UNNH...UNNNHHH...AGAIN...UGGH...CUMMING AGAIN...!" Allison spasmed, dropping her head to the pillow as a final explosive quake of ecstasy coursed her body.

The voluptuous girl writhed uncontrollably, and her back arched forcefully, inciting Allison's big jugs to violently bound across her chest.

Allison's incredible tits bobbled in every direction as the enraptured young sex kitten weathered the exquisite agony of one last jaw-dropping orgasm despite, or perhaps because of, the wicked revelation it was her wimpy, but intellectually-inspiring father who had brought her there.

"OOOHHHH...UUNNNGGGHHHH...OOHHH, DADDDDYYYYY!!"

END PART 12

