Good Girl - Day 01
bysecondsamuel©

Author's Note: This is going to get a little dark at points. It will involve pet-play, humiliation, and water sports. So if that's not your thing, I'm sorry to have caused you to waste a click.

"Who's a good girl?"

My husband looked down at me with a smirk of condescension spreading over his face. He stroked my hair playfully as I obeyed, my hands up near my naked breasts in fists mimicking a dog about to speak.

So far it wasn't so bad.

It was only a few minutes into my punishment. And all things considered, I'd probably gotten off lucky. A few weeks ago, Scott discovered I'd sent out a bunch of nude photos of myself. I had been having a sort of affair with a co-worker. It started out as some innocent flirtations around the office, and we never did anything though in person, even though he pressed. After I rejected anything more, he spread the photos around the office. Other than embarrassing the hell out of me, no one cared, so long as I still sold houses. But eventually someone decided to email my husband the pictures making their way across the office.

I didn't really have a reason for it. All in all, we had a good marriage. But it had been ten years. I don't know, I guess I never really felt like a knockout blonde. I hadn't put on much weight, but my breasts barely reached a B cup, and it was nice feeling all that attention again. Plus things in the bedroom, as they tend to do, had started to slow down. Not that there was really anything to complain about, we'd had our kinks and fetishes played out, but everything start to seem routine.

We talked, he yelled, I cried, I apologized. And then I asked them that fateful question.

"What can I do to get out of the doghouse?"

Poor choice of terms.

And he told me.

I understood, or at least I listened to how humiliated he felt, knowing that every person in our real estate office had seen my tight bubble butt filled with a butt plug while I put another toy in my bare pussy. A few cheesecake photos, he might have understood, but to see me so willing to debase myself for another man... it made him feel completely emasculated.

I apologized again and again, but he cut me off.

"Karen. We've been over this. And I forgive you. We've been together ten years. You sent out some pictures. Christ Karen, I wish you would have just told me. I mean, I'm frustrated too. The times we do have sex... you don't seem at all into it. It makes me feel unwanted. If it would have helped, you might have sent out pics to people all over the world. Just not people I have to fucking see. And now, every time I got to your office... every time I look at Tiffany, or that smug prick Ryan, I'm going to think about you with that dildo. And whatever else I couldn't bring myself to see."

"Honey, you don't need to-"

"Just listen," He said forcefully.

I took a deep breath. I mean, he was capable of being forceful in the bedroom, but that was about it. Scott gave me a look that wasn't quite furious, but seemed close enough.

"Look, you humiliated me."

"I'm sorry..."

"Just... shut up... please let me get this out."

"Okay."

"I want to... no I need to do the same to you."

"You want to send pics out?"

"No, no nothing like that. I mean, I'm not about to start using toys on myself. And honestly I've always felt dick pics were more embarrassing to the guy."

"You've got nothing to be embarrassed about."

This was true. Scott's cock was nearly eight inches long, and thicker than any man I'd seen.

"It's not the same.... And you know it. So I want you to keep an open mind. It's not an ultimatum, I don't have that in me. But... well I don't want to call it close either. It's a way to make things right."

"Okay, I'm listening."

"You're going to take a week off. During that week, you're my bitch. I don't mean you are my sexy slave, or anything that nice. I mean I am going to treat you like an actual dog. You will walk on your hands and knees, you will eat and drink from a bowl, and you will obey every command, no matter how unseemly."

I could feel the tears started to well in my eyes.

"And... that will help?"

"I think so... if anything it will at least be something new sexually."

"You actually want this?"

He shrugged.

"Look, I mean it wasn't my thing at all. At first, I was kind of turned-off. But I read a few stories, a few personal account, and I guess it started to interest me. I guess it's technically called pet-play, but I don't really have any desire to label it."

I felt like my gulp was audible.

"Okay, if you really want, I'll do it."

"Good. But if at any time you want to back out, simply say so, and it will stop. I can't say I won't be disappointed, but if it goes too far where you feel uncomfortable, I want you to stop it."

*****

It took some time for me to make arrangements at work, but finally the day came. I remember waking up alone, and finding the letter, typed barely legible in a small font taking up barely half the page.

Dear Bitch,

You can call this off at any time. Even right now. But if you chose to go through with this. Here are my initial ground rules.





    You may not speak (words). Instead, yip, growl, bark, moan, whatever.





    You will wear your collar at all times. Otherwise, no clothing.





    You are not allowed on the furniture.





    You will walk on your hands and knees. You may wear shoulder and elbow pads.





    You may not pee without permission.





    You will eat and drink when instructed.





    You will obey ALL over master's commands.





I looked up at the door and saw a dangling dog collar and lead, with one of those cheap heart stone you can get a kiosk that read Bitch-Slut. I also saw black knee and elbow pads. I walked to the door and put each on, and then looked at the handle. Was I really willing to spend a week like this?

I took off my nightgown, and, summoning all my courage, I reached at the doorknob and pulled, sinking to my knees as I crawled awkwardly out our bedroom. I felt utterly ridiculously crawling down the hallway and into our living room, but Scott just smiled at me from the couch. My tits were too small to move much as I made my way awkwardly towards him, my legs barely working as I gave my best impression.

It was a weird, unnatural sort of smile, but I remember thinking that it was the first time he had shown me any affection in nearly a month.

"Who's a good girl?"

He stroked my hair playfully, and I found myself unconsciously nuzzling up to him. My naked butt responded to his gentle touch and I arched my back as he ran one hand through my hair and the over up my rump to rub my back. It was weirdly sensual, him sitting, while I rubbed my body up against him. But it didn't seem quite natural.

"I see you found your lead," He said, in the same degrading voice.

I nodded.

"I want to her hear your best bark," Scott said.

I tried my best, and came out with an odd sort of yipp, barely even a sound.

"Was that your best?"

I nodded.

"You're going to have to speak up."

I wasn't quite sure what he wanted.

"I said SPEAK!"

I gave a slightly louder yipp.

He shook his head in disgust and walked over to the dining room table, picking up a newspaper. He curled it up into a cylinder and struck me across the nose with it. I recoiled in shock, only to have him slap me again.

"Are you going to behave?"

I whimpered.

SMACK!

"Do this right or not at all!"

SMACK!

"Now speak bitch slut!"

I gave my best bark.

"Much, much better. Now curl up against my feet."

I made myself prone, my nipples touching against his thighs as I curled up against him. Part of me couldn't believe it was happening, so I tried my best not to think about it. I hadn't been hurt, I guess I could sort of feel the sting from the paper, but it was really about the humiliation.

I swallowed my pride again as Scott started taught me tricks. He started with sit, showing me how I was supposed to be up on my knees, my hands held in front of me like paws. Then I had to roll over while he rubbed my flat stomach, and pretend to enjoy it. Finally, I had to fetch a tennis ball he threw across the room. Only when I tried to grab it with my hand, I heard his rough voice.

"Like a dog!"

I bit my lip before lowering my head. I tried to get my lips around the ball, only to have it skid away. My jaw simply wasn't big enough.

"Go get it!"

I tried again, and still couldn't quite make it work. I was about to give up in frustration when my teeth caught a little of the yellow fuzz in my mouth. Trying again, I was able to caught hold of some of the fraying edges. I pulled my head up and looked right at Scott, filled with a strange feeling of pride as I held the ratty, disgusting ball clenched in my teeth.

"Good girl..."

I stumbled a little, almost falling until I managed to drop the tennis ball into Scott's lap. Again, he patted my head and I looked up to see him smiling down at me.

He threw a the ball a few more times and had me fetch it. Then he had me curl up at his feet while he watched a baseball game. It was weird. He never quite acknowledged me, though now and then he would touch my ass, or stroke my hair. I remember thinking this really wasn't so bad, and if a week of playing fetch and being smacked with a newspaper made him feel better, well I could do that.

A few hours passed like this, and I felt my stomach begin to growl. I hadn't eaten anything, I hadn't looked at the time, but I knew it was well past lunch. Scott got up at the commercial and went into the kitchen. I thought about sitting at the table, but remembered the rule and so just stayed next to the couch.

"Come here girl!" He called from the kitchen.

He was cooking bacon at the stove. I looked up expectantly, only to see him point at the two dog bowls sitting in the corner. One was filled with water, the other with dry cereal.

"Eat!"

I hesitated... this seemed too far. But then we didn't have a dog, or any pets. So he must have bought them new. It really wasn't so bad. I went to the water first, slowly lowering my face into the bowl. I shuddered a little as the tip of my nose touched the water. I tried to lick up the water with my tongue before giving up and noisily slurping up as much as I could. I pulled my head out of the bowl, and felt the water that missed my mouth run down my chin and neck.

"I want you to eat."

I didn't really find myself as hungry anymore, but I knew I had to obey. The fact that I had already come this far made it easier. I was a mess about it. My face was still wet with water, so some of the cereal stuck to my face. By the time I finished eating as much as I could, I could feel the cereal clinging to me. I looked up at him as he sat at the kitchen table, quietly laughing at how ridiculous I must have looked.

"Do you want some people food girl?"

I nodded.

"Speak."

I gave a yip, a little more naturally than before.

"Here you go..." He stretched out his hand, grabbing a piece of bacon as if he to reach it across the kitchen for me... and then dropped it on the floor.

I glared at him.

"Be a good doggy and clean the floor."

I knew the tile had been cleaned. I'm pretty fastidious, some people would even call me a clean freak. He knew that, and the thought of eating something off the floor... of being subjected to that, it turned my stomach. I wrinkled my nose.

"DO IT!"

He startled me so bad, the next thing I knew, my lips were on the piece of meat and I was swallowing it as fast as I could chew.

"Good girl, such a good little bitch slut."

And there it was again, his hand on my head and he petted me.

He finished eating, feeding me a few times from his hand. Then he opened his fly, fishing out his cock through his jeans. He led me by my ponytail roughly under the table, until my mouth was level with his semi-hard cock.

"I want you to lick my dick," He said.

I started to put my lips around his head, only to feel the newspaper against my head.

"No, bitch. I don't want you to suck me like a human. You aren't a person anymore. You are my stupid bitch slut. So lick it, lap up and down my dick like a dog."

I couldn't believe what I was hearing, even as I obeyed. I awkwardly stuck out my tongue, running it up and down his hardening cock. He grabbed me around the ears, making me slobbering like a bitch all over him. I drolled all the way down to his balls, as he rubbed my face all over his cock.

I was struggling to keep up. Now and then his dick almost accidentally jammed his way into my mouth. More and more he started deliberately fucking my face, holding me steady as he worked himself faster and faster, both in and out of my mouth, and up and down my face. My face was absolutely covered in saliva, and the beginning of tears, when he finally stopped and started stroking himself against my head.

Then he finished degrading me.

He aimed his dick right into my face, adding a large strand of cum to the mess of cereal, spit, water, and tears. I closed my eyes just in time as another sticky rope of cum landed on my eyelid. He kept cumming, covering almost every inch of my face.

"Good girl," He said. "Now keep licking Daddy."

I opened my eyes, blinking through the mix of cum and tears, and forced my tongue out of my mouth. I gave a pitiful whimper as I complied, though it was mostly him rubbing the head of his penis along my tongue. He grabbed at my lead, and pushed my head down where the cum had dripped off my face. He moved behind me, his hands spreading my legs and he started moving his finger around my clit.

"Bad girl, bad girl," I felt the newspaper on my ass now. "You made such a mess. And now my slut bitch is in heat."

I moaned in spite of myself. His index finger found exactly where I wanted to be rubbed, and even on the kitchen floor, underneath the table, my face in a pool of cum, I could feel my pussy ache for release. Only it wasn't just the touch, or the way my body reacted to being used. Something about being used so thoroughly, so independent of my own will, something about being so humiliated started to actually turn me on. I felt so disgusted, so ashamed at myself, and still I pushed my naked ass back against my husband, fucking myself on his fingers as they worked their way inside of me.

"Is my bitch in heat?"

I whimpered.

SMACK!

"Speak! Bark if my bitch needs to cum!"

"ARF!" I bellowed.

I was close now. I could feel the waves of pleasure about to crash over me. And then he stopped. He pulled his fingers out and just left, walking to the living room like nothing happened.

I collected myself, fought back another round of tears, and followed him into the living room. After a few minutes, I could feel another type of need coming from my used pussy. I needed to go... badly. I've always been one of those girls who needed to pee a lot, and Scott could tell something was wrong as I wriggled on the floor. I didn't know what to do. He hadn't given me instructions about using the bathroom, only that I needed to ask permission. But how to ask? I broke the act for a second, and even held my hand between my legs, whimpering softly as I looked up at him.

"Do you need outside?"

My eyes went wide. No way he could expect that! I mean, our yard did not even have a privacy fence... and we had neighbors on each side. It was broad daylight. I mean, there weren't any kids living next door, if you didn't count the Johnson's son, who had just started college.

"Do you need outside?"

I whimpered.

"You aren't going to have an accident inside the house."

I shook my head, my ponytail bouncing from shoulder to shoulder.

"Then go to the door, and wait for Daddy."

I didn't know what to do. I moved my knees back and forth, kneading the carpet as I tried to make up my mind what to do. For a few minutes I found myself shaking my ass back and forth, as though simply showing this state of desperation would make him relent. I moved my legs tight together, trying to hold back my full bladder. I could feel the pain against my abdomen and couldn't believe my husband would really allow me to pee myself right here on the carpet.

I started feel myself strain with the effort. My whole body was shaking. I clenched my legs together and bit my lip.

"You seem like you're struggling..." He teased.

"Please-" I started to beg.

"Good doggies don't talk!" His voice rose. "You can whine or bark, but don't you dare talk! You aren't a woman anymore! You are just my good girl, and I want my good girl to piss outside like the trained bitch she is!"

I gave a loud whine.

"Bark for me," He said.

"Woof," I mumbled.

"Louder!" He commanded.

"ARF!" I almost screamed.

"Go to the door," He said.

"ARF!" I tried again, feeling a drop or two of pee dripping down my leg.

"Go outside for a walk," He said, tugging at my lease.

I realized it was too late to argue. My bladder ached, my legs spasmed, I could barely crawl. It was humiliating. In all our kinkiest fantasies, watersports had never been even discussed. I wondered if this was something new he had seen watching pornography late into another sexless night. I put one padded knee in front of the other of the other, slowly, trying to keep my inner thighs from trickling out any more piss.

And then it happened.

I couldn't hold back anymore. My face turned red as I felt with the first trickles started to move their way down my thighs. For a second, I thought I could make it to the door, maybe squat down on the porch and rinse it off later. But it was too late....

The small spurts as I tried to hold back soon became a torrent of urine. I couldn't control it again more, and simply spread my legs trying to keep too much of the piss from splashing against my thighs. I stayed on my hands and knees, my ass shaking with embarrassment. I couldn't believe it. Here I was on my hands and knees in my own living room, pissing on the carpet like a untrained mutt.

The last few drops seemed to shake out of me, coming out in small spurts. The last drips of urine ran down my legs, and for the second time that day the tears started welling in my eyes. I looked down and saw the large spot of pee now stained into the carpet.

"Bad girl!" He said gruffly.

And looking down at the dark spot on the floor I knew it was true. And even knowing it was him making me do it, I wanted to make it up to him. I wanted my master, my daddy, my husband to call me a good girl again. After all, in a symbolic way, this was the point of this week.

"You made a piddle all over Daddy's carpet! Bad girl!"

He picked up his newspaper again and struck me on the ass several times, telling me over and over again...

"Bad girl! Bad, bad, bad!"

And then the worst. He grabbed me by the ponytail, pulling me back and forcing my head down into the soaked carpet. I tried to resist, but he was too strong. My husband was literally rubbing my nose in my own accident. I could smell the strong scent of urine and even taste it in my mouth.

"Stay there!"

My hands were lying flat on the carpet, and I turned my felt so that I could feel the wetness on my cheek. He moved behind me, his strong hand keeping an handle a on my neck, making sure that I inhaled every scene as he smeared my piss all over me. He adjust himself, forcing my legs apart, and then it happened.

In doggystyle, my face in a puddle of my own piss, still stained with his dried cum on my face, my husband rammed his big dick into my pussy. He wasn't gentle, but somehow I was wet enough to accept him. My pussy almost gushed with excitement, and despite everything I should have been feeling, all the anger, disgust, and shock, I moaned like a bitch in heat. It wasn't making love, it wasn't even fucking, not really. Yet it somehow turned me on. And then he named it.



"I'm going to breed my little bitch now," He growled pushing himself deeper inside of me. "You are just a bitch in heat aren't you?"

"Arrrrffff..." I barely managed.

"I going finish inside you. Does my little pussy bitch need to cum?"

"ARF!" I said.

"I don't care. Daddy is just going to breed you. He's going to put his cum in his dirty little bitch body."

I opened my lips and tasted both the carpet and my own piss in my mouth.

I felt worthless, and yet something in me felt relieved at letting all of my inhibitions go, at giving into only being his bitch.

And then it happened. My whole body shook, and the pleasure seemed to overtake every ounce of self-respect I had. I reacted with the biggest orgasm I'd ever had, and something did seem different about it. Gone was the pretense, the puritan reservations about fantasies and kinks. Instead, I was just an animal, just like he said, a bitch in heat, not needing to say or act any certain way as the orgam ran down my body and curled my toes.

"Did my bitch cum?"

'Arrrrrrrf..." I managed.

"I'm going to cum in that little bitch cunt now. I'm going to breed my bitch slut, and let her know her place in this house."

I whimpered.

"You know now, don't you? You know who that pussy belongs too."

"Arf!" I gave a tiredly bark.

"I'm... going... to breed you... I'm going to breed my bitch!"

He strained and slowed as his warm cum entered my pussy. Despite having already used my face, I never thought he would stop breeding my tiny little hole, and I found myself wanting more, wanting me to tell me where to eat, where to pee, and how I was going to be fucked.

Or maybe it was just the fact that another orgasm was building. But that didn't matter. He had pulled out, his semen leaking out of me, my face finally rising from the piss-soaked carpet and said...

"Good girl."


Good Girl - Day 02
bysecondsamuel©

Author's Note: This story is a sequel to Good Girl: Day One, though you don't need to read it to enjoy this. This story involves pet play, watersports, and humiliation.

*****

It was around seven in the evening. Early enough that anyone who stepped out into our yard would have seen a thirty year old blonde woman in a plastic pool as her husband sprayed her naked body with a garden hose.

I felt completely humiliated.

And was afraid to admit how much I liked it.

My nipples were cold, tiny dots on my barely b cup breasts. I had to remain on my hands and knees the entire time because I was Scott's bitch. A few weeks ago, he caught me sending nude photos to a guy in my office and this was his idea of getting even and moving on. He wanted to make me his dog.

I agreed.

I didn't think it would be this bad.

And I didn't hate it.

Part of me felt demeaned yes, when he put the dog bowl of cereal out for me to eat. Or when he made me lick, yes LICK, not suck his cock until he came. And it was disgusting when he made me pee myself on the carpet because I wouldn't go outside like a dog, even more when he rubbed my nose in it and fucked me.

But as dehumanizing and degrading as the acts were, I still came with my face and nose in a puddle of my own piss. I enjoyed it, I just couldn't admit it yet. Hell part of me hoped the whole thing would end at any moment, without having to examine exactly why I felt this way. But Scott didn't want to give me any chance at that. He got to treat me as a dog for a week.

The cold water splashes all over me, causing me to whine and move away as my husband made sure to get every inch of me clean, especially my smallish breasts. My blonde hair was sticking to my side, my tiny nipples were rock hard, and I couldn't stop shivering by the time he was finished. I opened my eyes to look, barely focused on anything other than the bath being done.

Then I saw him. That Johnson boy, the neighborhood who still looked baby faced enough to think he was in high school. He went to the local community college too, and still lived with his parents. Other than being incredibly thin, the kid reminded me of James Vander Beek, from Dawson's creek.

And he just stood there!

Watching me naked as my husband hosed me down.

And I couldn't say anything.

"Arf..." I cried meekly.

"What is it girl?" My husband teased.

"Arf!" I said a little louder.

"I'm sorry, what is it girl?"

"ARF!" This time it was loud enough for the kid to hear.

Scott turned around, saw the boy, and jogged over. I saw them talking, laughing a little, and then they pulled out their phones to trade numbers. I just saw there, my naked bubble butt resting on my ankles as they pretended nothing was going on. By the time they were down, I had almost drip dried completely, and Scott just saunters back as if nothing is wrong. And there isn't anything I can do as he puts my collar back on and fixes my lead.

My knee and elbow pads make it easier to walk before I made it inside. I desperately want to know what Scott said to that teenager, but all he does is direct me to my dog bowl. I drink, then turn up my nose. He has filled my dog bowl with vodka, good vodka, but I never like to drink anything straight.

He points and shouts.

"Bad girl, drink from you bowl bitch!"

So I do, gulping down the liquid too fast. I get four or five shots inside of me and stop. Then he has pulled my collar again. I'm made to follow him to the couch, where he sets me at my feet, stroking my hair and rubbing my ass while he watches the football game.

It was only a matter of time before I needed to pee again. I could feel the urge growing, and this time I knew I wouldn't pee on the carpet again. I whimpered, and motion my head toward the outdoors.

He grabbed my lead and pulled me towards the door to the back yard. There was no fight left me in, I knew I would have to go outside and pee like a dog where everyone could see. This was a part of my punishment.

I hesitated a little at the door, still feeling unsafe in public. I felt a sharp slap on my ass and charged ahead, knowing there was no tree or even a bush for me to hide behind. If anyone came outside, they would just see me, completely naked, peeing outside like an animal.

I went out into the middle of the yard, glad that my pussy and asshole were completely waxed and I wouldn't have to worry too much about wiping. I spread my legs the best I could and then waiting, hoping for a trickle.

I close my eyes and tired to concentrate on the warm urine pushing out of my bladder when he heard low voices. I looked up and saw my husband talking again with the college boy. Worse, they were coming over.

"Connor I want you to meet my wife Karen, you can call her bitch or any name you'd like," He said casually.

I turned to face him. There was nothing I could do about my ass, but I put my legs together and tried to slouch, hiding most of my tits.

"Hi, Mrs. Reese."

"Oh please, you're a young man now. Call me Scott and call my dog bitch."

"Um..." Connor started, clearly conflicted.

"Go on bitch. Bark if you like this."

"Yip!" I said, almost too enthusiastically.

"Oh come on, be a good girl," He said. "Bark for daddy."

"Yip" It was barely louder.

"There a good girl. Now Connor do you know why I have my bitch outside?"

"Uh... no sir."

"Come on, no Scott," My husband said. "Well tell me, what's the number one reason dogs need to go outside for?"

"I guess going to the bathroom."

"Bingo!" Scott said. "So she's out here to go number one."

"Should I go?"

"No, she wants you to watch. See what I have here is a dirty little slut. She likes to show her pussy and ass to the world."

"Really?"

"Bark if you are enjoying this."

I knew better than to misbehave.

"ARF!"

"But she is taking a long time to do her business. What should I do with her?"

"Geez, I dunno."

"What about a spanking? I think she needs a spanking. Do you think she needs a spanking?"

"Uh... sure why not..."

"Then spank her."

"What?"

"I want you to spank my dog Connor. I want your hand on that ass reminding that little bitch of her place in the world. She is a slut, and needs to be punished."

"Um..."

"Spank her Connor, ten times on the ass."

"Look I don't..."

"Sure you do. Come on, hasn't she always been a cunt to you? You know she's the one who called the police at that party when your parents were out of town. Go hard on her. She will never tell anyone about it."

"She's the one who called? That was bullshit, I got-"

"Shhh, just smack her ass. As hard as you can, as long as you want. Then watch her piss all over herself."

The boy moved over to me, and was there anything more humiliating than hearing my husband discuss what was about to happen to me as I watched naked and needing to pee. I didn't call the police on his party, fuck, I didn't know there even was a party, but I couldn't explain myself with barks and growls.

SMACK!

I felt his hand on my ass, barely anything.

SMACK!

Harder.

SMACK!

Harder still.

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!.

My body scrunched up as I gave a loud yip of agony. The burning went around every inch of my ass.

Then I felt my legs getting warm.

"Oh fuck, that bitch is peeing."

I could hear the patter of my urine as it hit against the grass. I put my head down in the grass, but had nowhere to hide as Scott always kept the lawn perfectly maintained. I could sense that the patch of urine was growing and spread my legs, showing my shaven pussy.

They just continued to talk as if it was the most natural thing in the world.

That was the most humiliating part of it.

"At least she's peeing out here. I've got her trained. Early she peed on the carpet."

"Shit! Sorry, I mean really?"

"Yes she was a very bad girl."

My face was beet red. I couldn't even look up. I wanted to be done, by my bladder had other ideas. The piss continued to flow at a steady stream, before spurting out the last few drops.

"Did you punish her?"

"Yes, she had her nose rubbed in it."

"I'd like to see that."

"Tell you what, I'm having a party tonight. Come by around seven."

"Sure see you then Scott..." He paused and looked at me, a few drops still falling from my pussy. "And you too bitch."

I didn't know what to think. Behave like this? In front of a party? He must out of his mind. I couldn't think of any of my friends actually coming to anything like this. Maybe he planned on getting some of his fantasy football buddies together. I thought I could live with that. I'm sure they would keep things to themselves, and I couldn't be more embarrassed than I was.

As it got dark, I heard a knock on the door. Scott had made me drink more vodka from my bowl, and I felt pleasantly drunk. When the doorbell rang, my husband drug me my the lease in front of the door, and he put the lease in my mouth. The door open as I looked down at the welcome mat.

"OH, MY, GOD!" Came the almost shrill voice.

I already knew who it was. It was my sister Madison. She lived with mom and dad, and I'd given her a hard time about it. As my younger sister, she always got the special treatment, everyone thought she was so pretty. But she flamed out in college, and couldn't keep a job.

"What the fuck are you doing sis?"

I couldn't move. Couldn't speak.

"Speak for her bitch."

"Yip..." I choked out.

"No way! So, you're like a.." She stifled laughter. "You're like a dog now?"

"Speak!"

"Arf!" I yelped.

"God I didn't realize your tits were so small," She adjust her bra, as if to show me with her cleavage that her tits were bigger. "So she's like... what... a dog?"

"It's a mix between a pet and a sexy slave. If you want to call her bitch, she likes that."

"Really?"

"Call her bitch and she'll bark like she likes it. Or I'll punish her."

"ARF!" I said, trying to smile with my face.

"So will you fetch for me little bitch?"

"Here, take this," Scott held out a squeaky bone-shaped chew toy.

She lowered herself into my face, looking right into my eyes as I surrendered every bit of dignity to her. She looked me right in the eyes as she slowly balanced the bone on my nose. Then she took her hand away.

"I didn't realize this dumb bitch knew tricks Scott."

"Well... she's not quite potty trained I'm afraid."

"How's that? Did this little bitch have an accident?"

"Yes... all over the carpet. But we've learned haven't we?"

Madison reached out and grabbed the toy.

"ARF!" I said eagerly.

She leaned down and whispered in my ear.

"If only Dad could see you now."

Then yelled.

"Fetch bitch!"

I scurried after it, and felt the soft toy squeak as my teeth clamped on it. My ass shook in the air as I turned around and the toy made an obnoxious noise as my jaw clenched around it. I walked back on my hands and knees, and looked up as she took the toy from my mouth.

Then she laughed.

And threw it again.

And again.

And one more time as the guest started coming.

The neighbor boy, Connor was first. Then I realized with dawning horror the rest of my office would best next. It started with Ryan, the man at the office who started all this. We had been spending a lot of time working together, he had been flirting and texting me late into the night. He send this first pic, but how many times can you really position a dick? He kept flirting and I don't know why, but it got me going. Knowing that someone might find out made it even more exhilarating. And once he got the pics with my face and tits, it seemed like there wasn't any point in stopping anywhere.

The worst was the one of me with a toy in my pussy and my ass.

That smile I plastered on my face for two seconds for the photo.

He looked down at me with such a condescending smile as he reached down and patted my head. I didn't ever sleep with him, despite his frequent requests. And so I'm sure like a virgin teenage porn watching hate porn, he probably got off at seeing a woman who rejected him humiliated.

"Karen, you know, you're right, you aren't the type of girl to cheat on her husband," He said to me, as my husband nodded.

"Just the type of girl who will send naked pictures of herself to just about anyone, and then behave like the dirty bitch she is at a party."

Next was my boss, Mr. Johnson, an old wiry haired man who always seemed to have some sort of complaint about me. Now he looked downright jolly. He spoke to my husband as if I wasn't even there. Asking things like how he'd been able to train me and saying he needed to get one of these things for the office.

"But David," Scott protested. "You already have one!"

"You mean it?"

"We will talk to the details later."

I barely had time to think before the group made me play fetch. At first they each took a turn making me fetch, making me balance the toy on my nose, making sit, beg, roll over. More and more arrived until enough of my co-workers made a circle, tossing the chew toy back and forth while urging me to come just close enough to them before tossing it to a friend.

"How about a show?" Scott said, breaking up the game.

"Sure, what did you have in mind?"

"Tiffany could you come up here please?"

Tiffany was the secretary at the office. She was completely ditzy, and honestly kind of stupid. She forget messages, didn't know how manage our schedules, and could barely work a telephone. She got the job because her breasts were at least three sizes up from my B cups.

"Tiffany you have never really gotten along with Karen."

"No..." Tiffany said.

"Tiffany can you tell me how Karen looks now?"

"She's naked... like a whore... and she's on her knees like a dog."

"Like a bitch."

"Like a bitch," Tiffany agreed.

"Do you think that things have changed between you now Tiffany? Do you think Karen is going to be a good girl for you." Scott said.

"What do you mean?" Tiffany was always a little slow.

"Tell her to speak."

"Um.. ok... speak."

"ARF!" I barked.

"Oh.. wow... what else will she do?"

"Whatever you want."

"Can I treat her like a dog?"

"Of course. Treat her like a bitch."

Tiffany came over and bend down, I could see her always exposed cleavage and the red bra underneath.

"So she's my bitch then."

"All yours."

"Stick out your tongue and pant like a good doggie..."

I panted desperately.

"Um..."

"What is this doggie missing Tiffany?"

"What?"

"How do you know she's a dog?"

"Oh... she's got a collar... A lease. She barks. But she doesn't have a tail..."

"Would you like to give her a tail?"

My husband handed her a small, stainless steel butt plug with a long, furry tail coming from the back of it.

"Oh yes, can I? Does this go in her butt?"

"Yes... would you like to put it in her."

"I would. She has been such a bitch! It's good everyone knows now. This bitch will always know her place at work."

She got behind me as I tried desperately not to cry. She didn't put any lube on the toy, and at first stabbed blindly at my asshole. She moved up and down the crack of my ass before nearly reach my pussy, when she finally decided to pull my ass cheeks apart.

I turned red involuntarily, knowing that my shaved pussy was now completely on display for one side of the room. I was so embarrassed, I didn't even notice until I felt the sharp pain in my ass. I yelped, my little hole surprised but not hurt.

"Did that hurt?" Tiffany asked.

"ARF!" I said.

"Arf is yes, ruff is no Tiffany."

"So it hurt bitch?"

"Arf!" I repeated.

"Good..." She said, making her way back into the crowd.

*****

The night was more of the same, only with the humiliation of being the toy dog for the entire party and having to keep the butt plug tail inside me the entire time. My colleagues were all too thrilled to make me fetch for them, especially Tiffany.

"Remember all the times you made me fetch coffee," She said once, before shaking the toy in my shake. "Now you fetch bitch."

I barked. I whined. I ate dinner (cereal) from the dog bowl. My husband had ordered pizza. He made sure the delivery boy saw his new dog, and even invited him to pet it. The teenager started on my back before having the nerve to suddenly squeeze my left breast. He looked back at Scott as if caught. The whole party did.

"Go ahead, that's what she's for."

The boy spent a good minute feeling both of my breasts before Scott told him that was the end of the tip. Then he made me bark when I needed to go to the bathroom. Twenty or so people watched as I had to piss in the yard, led back and forth like a bitch by Tiffany.

I was laying at the her feet when she made the announcement.

"I need to use the bathroom, would the puppy like to watch."

"I think we would all like to watch Tiffany," said Mr. Johnson.

"Okay, come bitch."

She led me in front of the her and the positioned me on my knees in front of the toilet, my hands held up in fist like little paws. Tiffany smiled at me, and pulled down her underwear, revealing a black thong from beneath her skirt as she sat down. I could see everyone else crowded in at the door, my husband in front of them smiling.

"You know Kay Kay," She said and I winced. "I don't even hate you that much. You really weren't that bad compared to Mr. Johnson. But I liked seeing your naked pictures. And I liked humiliating you. So when your husband told me about this, I just had to make sure everyone came."

She started touching my bare clit as she sat down, rubbing in a circle with the tip of her fingers to tease me. I moaned, unsure of how to feel. I never really considered myself bi, though I'd experimented before. But this... in front of everyone, being so powerless. I wanted to be humiliated even more. Part of me wanted everyone there to fuck me, but I couldn't get past the thought of what I was going to say to them at work.

And there I was, on my knees, in the middle of the bathroom as the big breasted secretary played with my pussy in front of the entire office, my husband and the teenager from next door. My tits barely hung out in front of her, and she didn't seem to notice them. Her fingers pinched down on my lips and then she pulled.

"RUFF!" I said... trying to let her know it was too much.

"You don't like it huh?"

"Arf!"

"Want me to stop?"

"ARF!"

"Okay puppy, I need to piss anyways."

I turned to look down.

"Oh no... be a curious puppy. Watch me piss."

"Ruff!"

"Oh I don't care if you don't like it. You can watch or I can piss on you. Scott already told me how he rubbed your face in piss. I've always thought about doing that to a girl. Some stuck-up blonde bitch who thought she was so special. A girl like you would have called me a dyke and made fun of me."

"Do you think I'm pretty?"

"ARF!" I wasn't lying.

"Thanks," She said, then looked away.

I heard the hiss from between her legs and couldn't help but watch as she spread them. I could see that she had a small little landing strip just above her pussy. I saw the stream spread out from her pussy, and leaned in a little too close, almost feeling the heat. I couldn't smell anything.

She got up, her pussy still dripping urine, and grabbed me by the hair, pushing my face into her sex.

"Do you remember me in high school?"

"Ruff!"

"You don't? I was a freshman, and you were a senior. Some other girls, juniors, gave me a swirly. You saw. You didn't do it, but you smirked a little I bet."

MMMPHPH!

I tried move, but she was several inches taller than me. And strong! She pulled me hair hard and I could taste her salty pee as it dripped against my face.

"I understand Kay Kay," She said. "You didn't do it. But since it happened to me, I always wanted to do it to another girl. I wanted to make her taste my piss. I wanted to stick her face in the toilet and finger her pussy until she cums."



I didn't know how to react at first, my senses were numb from the vodka. She had me by the neck and hair, as I tried to fight. I flailed by my arms were in an awkward position. The next thing I knew my lips were brushing the porcelain. I kept my bathroom meticulously clean, but she hadn't flushed. I quickly realized she would going to roughly force my head in, and to keep myself from smacking my head, I adjusted and found my face partially submerged in Tiffany's pee.

The toilet water made it bearable. It tasted like a salty, chlorinated pool. She forced my head deeper in and then led, me up for a second, pulling my piss soaked hair. Tiffany shoved my head against the side of the bowl, so that I was still inside the toilet, but able to breathe.

"Your husband told me to do this to you as much as I want," She said. "Now do a good job and maybe I won't need to do it again. Or maybe I'll have to spend the week teaching you. Now does my good puppy want to drink from the toilet."

"Arf..." I said, broken.

"Oh no.. that's not a good job."

"Arf!" I tried louder.

"Tell everyone. Bark if you want everyone here to know you're my toilet slut!"

"ARF!" It was a loud yelp.

"Lap up from the toilet girl."

Grimacing, I did what I was told. I stuck my tongue into the now cold water. I didn't swallow, I just let the urine drip back down my chin.

"Good girl! Who's a good girl! I just love your puppy Scott!"

She patted my head.

Then she was standing over me. One of her fingers ran down my ass until it reached my pussy. She kept the other hand on my head. She pushed the anal tail out of her way without taking it out. Her index finger touched my lips and spreading them apart, working her way into my tight little pussy. She slid in easily, I was already so turned on by all of this, even being degraded in this new way, that she had two fingers inside me easily enough.

She worked her way deeper and deeper, even few seconds pushing down on my head to push me back into the yellow toilet water. I tried to keep my eyes and mouth closed, but a few time she caught me. My eyes burned. I wanted to brush my teeth more than anything. And still in front of everyone, I felt myself grinding back against Tiffany's fingers. Letting her control me more.

I let go a breath underwater.

"That's it... blow bubbles..."

I took a breath.

And I fucking blew bubbles.

Loudly.

So that everyone in the hallway would know I was a dirty bitch who liked to drink out of the toilet.

"Good girl, you like that don't you?"

My face was still in the water, but I lifted my lips out of the water long enough to give a soft bark.

"You want me to keep fingering you don't you?"

God did I. My pussy felt like it was on fire. I needed to cum so bad. I felt like a worthless nothing, and that was somehow freeing. I would never have to pretend or posture again, everyone would always know what happened to me..

"Bark for me."

"Arf!"

"Bark because you are a disgusting toilet whore!"

"Arf!"

"LOUDER, BARK LOUDER! Let everyone know what a fucking doggie bitch I have!"

"ARF!"

"Bark louder you worthless cunt! Bark louder and I'll make this pussy cum!"

"ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF!ARF! ARF! ARF!ARF! ARF! ARF!ARF! ARF! ARF!ARF! ARF! ARF!ARF! ARF!ARF!"

The sound blended together and then her hand was on my head. It took no coaxing to put my face back into her piss.

"Now cum," She said. "Blow bubbles and cum."

I could barely exhale before the first wave of pleasure hit me. It was all I could do to stop my knees from giving out. My arms were touching the rim of the toilet, near where the seat had been pushed up. I rocked back and forth, the sound of my lips making bubbles coming up to please the whole room. I could hear the gasps and laughs as my body shook with pleasure. I had never known I had the ability to have such an orgasm, to feel so debased and degraded that all that counts is this one singular moment of ecstasy that made all the suffering worthwhile.

I loved it.

As I finished, she took out her fingers and stood up. I looked up at my mistress, my face dripping with toilet water and urine, her long dark hair hanging down over her large breasts. She smiled as she looked down at me, my blonde hair soaking wet from the toilet water, my eyes still stinging.

She smiled as she spit in my face.



Good Girl - Day 03
bysecondsamuel©

This story involves pet play, watersports, and humiliation. It's not for the faint of heart.

Author's Note: This story is the third part of my Good Girl series. I recap events enough that there is a basic understanding of what's going on, but it is best to have read everything. Thank you to the fans of the first two for the encouragement to keep writing. As I continue to heal from repeated surgeries on my hands, I hope to continue finishing up these older threads. If you like my writing, please consider volunteering to edit.

*****

I spent the night curled up on the floor, sleeping below the foot of the bed, letting out small cries and coos that went ignored by my master.

Already, I was beginning to think of Scott as my owner instead of my husband.

That is when I could think at all.

My mind was consumed by the events of the past few days, every second more degrading than the last. I wore a collar around my neck, the cheap kind with a laser engraved faux stone that said Bitch-Slut. Other than my lead and knee-pads, I had spent the past few days naked, pretending to be a dog.

I barked, I fetched, and even used the bathroom outside, after whimpering my needs at the door.

I even drank from the toilet...

There was a set of rules that Scott had left for me. It wasn't an ultimatum, but the tone with which he delivered them gave me the impression that obeying wasn't really optional. And to be fair - I had fucked up. I had been bored in our marriage. I suppose we both had. But while Scott dove into watching kinky pornography, I strayed.

Ever so slightly, it must be said. I never actually fucked him, but in a night of desperation, I sent a co-work nude photos, tempted by him to use several new toys I bought for the occasion. When I refused to let things to any further, he shared the photos with the entire office. I wasn't fired - if anything Mr. Johnson now paid particular attention to me, making sure to assign me any task at the realty office that required bending over or stretching.

It seemed the whole office (mostly men) leered at me with envious lust, undressing me with their eyes. Not that they hadn't already seen everything, my petite perky figure, b-cup tits, my bare pussy stuffed with a dildo. They didn't need to imagine, and every time anyone looked at me I wondered if they were thinking of those photos.

Though I found it humiliating, another part of me glowed in the excitement of their attention. I will admit that I leaned into my new role for a few days, not quite inviting the looks, but neither was I overcome with disgust. Only there was a sort of sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach, as if I knew I couldn't possibly keep the secret know that everyone knew.

Of course my husband found out.

We fought, me losing every single argument. Eventually, it became the same refrain until I thought we were destined for divorce. I asked him what I could do, willing to try anything to save my marriage to an otherwise wonderful man. He responded with these instructions, a way for me to make amends by debasing myself into the behavior of a literal bitch.

For one week, I was to act exactly like a dog.

Here were my rules:

You may not speak (words). Instead, yip, growl, bark, moan, whatever.

You will wear your collar at all times. Otherwise, no clothing.

You are not allowed on the furniture.

You will walk on your hands and knees.

You may not pee without permission.

You will eat and drink when instructed.

You will obey ALL your master's commands.

I had taken the week off from work. But Scott had escalated things, inviting others to see my disgrace. A neighborhood boy, just barely in college, had watched as I squatted outside, then laughed as Scott used the hose to clean my body in a large kiddie pool. Then Scott had a party, inviting my entire office to watch me act this part. He made me play fetch, let everyone take turns spanking me, and then...

Tiffany, the curvy brunette secretary took her turn with me in the bathroom, forcing me to drink out of the toilet while she fingered my bare cunt. After letting go of my initial revulsion, I found myself reveling in the orgasm, the public degradation arousing me more than anything in years. The scene replayed over and over again, on a loop in my mind, causing my pussy to ramp itself up for whatever treatment my husband had in mind for the rest of the week

Five more days. And it would only get worse.

But then it would be over.

But as I lay there in the dark, trying to reconcile my new needs and desires with any sort of semblance of self-respect, I began to wonder.

Would I really want this to end?

I woke up needing to pee. My master still snored in bed, so I tried to wait patiently. It wasn't so much that I didn't want to wake him; I still had trouble making myself whine for every basic need. It was the most humiliating part of the experience, being walked outside while Scott waited impatiently for the urge to go to overwhelm any sense of decency.

Slowly, day by day, my resistance was broken. That first night, I refused to go outside at first and shamefully pissed on the carpet. Scott had punished me, rubbing my nose in my mess as he fucked me. So I tried to bark, barely managing a stifled little yip that didn't earn cause him to stir.

I summoned my courage, squashing my shame.

"ARF!"

He rolled over a little.

I had to try again.

"ARF!"

He opened his eyes, smiling down at me as I waiting on my hands and knees, tail in the air.

"Good girl," He muttered groggily. "Do you need to go outside?"

"Arf," I murmured.

He then got up, taking the lead from door knob and attaching to my collar before leading me towards the backdoor. He pulled me gently, though there wasn't much of a point in the exercise. Where would I go completely naked? I had the image of scampering off, tunneling out underneath the privacy fence with my nubile young body covered in dirt and muck, wandering the neighborhood until someone picked me up off the streets.

They would put me into a mental institution.

Or worse, someone with a sexual interest would find me and keep me this way permanently. I was pretty and blonde, and at this point, subserient enough to make a nice sex slave to some creep.

"Just taking my bitch out for a walk," Scott managed cavalierly call out.

Which made me pray he was again talking to the neighbor boy. Only yesterday, he'd let this 18-year-old spank me for taking too long to pee in front of him. But better him than including another stranger in my shame.

This time, I knew better. I didn't look up, doing my best not to imagine the set of eyes watching as I hiked up one leg against the tree, trying stupidly for some leverage before whizzing directly downwards.

What dignity did I have left?

At this point, I had no more self-respect to lose. There was no reason not to submit; I had to let this continue. Surely nothing could match the embarrassment of that first time. So I kept my eyes to the ground, accepting this as the new normal. And in the distant, I tried not to hear the sounds of two people talking loudly, probably Conor's parents.

I don't know if Scott intentionally stopped so that I could hear them speaking about me.

"It's his yard," the voice said. "Besides, I know you want to see where this goes..."

"Still, right out in the open?"

"We're looking through a hole in the fence," He said. "It's not like it's out on the street."

I gulped, wondering if that was next. But I didn't have long. The tug went to my collar again, leading me into the kitchen. There, he poured a bowl of cereal and set it on the floor, watching wordlessly as I made a mess. I gulped it down greedily, slurping up the milk, then he led me to the bathroom.

He took out a small plastic bottle, taking off the tip and bending down to use the nozzle towards me. At first, I thought it was a douche, but then I realized his aim was no accident, the tip parting my tight, resistant asshole. I moaned, whimpering as he squeezed the contents of the enema into me.

"When I leave, you can pretend to be human in here," Scott said. "Take a few more minutes and do your make-up. We're going out."

It was only a small mercy, but I was grateful for those minutes of privacy in the bathroom. After I was finished, he took me outside and put me into the kiddie pool. He turned on the hose, sending me squealing and scampering, trying to endure each horrible second of the cold, hard spray as he ran soapy hands all over my body.

When I was finished, he made me shake myself dry.

He let me back inside, leaving me for a second to leave out the front door while I obediently waited, a certain nervousness creeping up my twitching rump. Then Scott came back, leaving the door open, motioning towards me with one hand.

"Come here girl," Scott said. "Here bitch-slut!"

Did I shake my head?

I didn't think so, but something conveyed to him my displeasure. It was one thing to crawl naked outside to pee with the privacy of our fence, another to walk in the front lawn where anyone could see. I imagined myself arrested, still barking as an officer put my arms behind my back.

"The coast is clear now bitch-slut," Scott said, looking over his shoulder. "It might not be if you don't hurry."

How could I possibly hurry?

I did my best, but my balance was tenuous at best, my pace little more than an enthusiastic waddle. My knees clicked together covered by the pads, and slowly I started to get a little more comfortable going a little quicker, though each lift of my knee sent up new surges of growing dread at being discovered. Only the fear that my master might make things worse propelled me forward out the door and into the sun.

This time, I couldn't help but pause and look around the houses in our subdivision. I wasn't exactly sure about the time, it might have been ten or eleven. But at least in this Scott hadn't been screwing with me; no one was on the street. I could see that he had left the car door open, thankful that I could at least lay down in the backseat to wherever we were going. He pulled on the leash, trying to force me forward at a brisk pace I couldn't control. I almost smattered down against the driveway, needing to stop to regain my balance.

Then, only a step or two away from our SUV, I heard an engine. Before I could register what was happening, I saw the small sedan speed by, slowing for one agonizing second before continuing down the road. There was no doubt he had seen me, an attractive thirty-year-old woman naked, being led to the car on my hands and knees,

Every vein in my throat throbbed, creating a lightheaded rush of panic that could have caused my collapse. Thankfully, I had the animal instinct to keep at my task, hurriedly hopping up onto the car, laying down in the seat while Scott covered me with a blanket he prepared.

Not that I was able to cower for long.

By day three, I was desperate for any sort of mental stimulation. The first two days had been almost insufferable, especially at first. I missed talking, missed my phone and the countless ways I had entertained myself during the doldrums. Initially, the deprivation proved the worst part of my punishment, isolating me in my shame.

Now, after 48 hours of such an existence, I craved any sort of change. It was why last night I had been so eager to fetch, to please, if only so that my world wasn't so small and alone. Grimly, I noticed that there was a fledgling satisfaction rising from these small interactions. With less to focus on, I began to appreciate the smaller things...

Like a car ride.

He exited the highway, my curiosity causing me to risk shrugging off the blanket to literally press my face against the window. I pictured myself from the outside of the car, nude with my face nearly pressed against the glass, my body barely hidden from any passersby on the street.

I saw people as we sped by, walking on the sidewalk, stepping into their offices and cafes, enjoying life as humans. Already, there seemed to be a vast gulf between us. I should have terrified as being spotted, but whizzing past, I couldn't make out faces or even many distinguishing characteristics.

Then Scott rolled down the window.

"Go ahead puppy," He said. "Hang your head out of the window."

I'd like to say that I realized intellectually that there was a certain degree of safety. After all, most people wouldn't even look up. Besides, no one's immediate response to seeing a woman panting with her head out of the window, her breasts barely concealed by the car door, would be to take down a license plate number and call the cops.

But I was more driven by boredom.

The wind struck against my eyes, forcing them to open and close. My lips and cheeks warbled against the influx of air, in a weird imitation of the same act I'd seen countless animals do. Worse than the inherent humiliation of the task was the fact that I came up with it. That I took the initiative to take part in this pastiche of a pet.

Thankfully, there was only one lane, so that no car could come up next to us and see what I was doing. But I completely forget about my rump and the other window until I heard the loud honking of another car blasting into my ear. Realizing that any car passing would have been able to see my bare ass, I frantically retreated back down in the back seat, cowering for the rest of the trip.

Only then did I start to guess where we were going. It became transparent as we pulled into the parking lot behind the large house we had renovated into an office building. Scott had taken me to work, my work, and was planning to parade me in front of my co-workers.

In front of Ryan, the man who I'd spent the past few months shamelessly flirting with.

I suppose it shouldn't have mattered - after all they'd seen me at my home. Ryan had made several particularly cruel comments about me while the party watched me perform. Admittedly, that got to me.

I had found him so dreamy, so suave, so sexy, it's why I had been tempted to cheat. And now all of that posturing and pretense that went into flirting had been stripped away, reduced to the image of myself as a wanton whore ready to behave like a bitch in heat.

It was even written on my collar.

And then there was Tiffany, the secretary who made me drink her urine from the toilet. No doubt she would have something sinister planned for me.

But what cowered me the most was Mr. Johnson, the lecherous old owner who encouraged Scott to work something out with him.

Would he let them all fuck me?

I took a deep breath, running over the possibilities as I slowly extending one hand down out of the car. Slowly, I found myself to the ground, back on all fours, my palms aching from the hard concrete. There was a back door, an employee entrance, but Scott didn't lead me through there. Instead he went around the long way, walking me through the grass and around the front where anyone could see what was happening to me.

Thankfully, it wasn't a busy street.

But still, I heard another angry sounding honk burning my ears as my husband led me through the front door.

At the main desk, Tiffany sat clicking at her computer. She looked gorgeous, her dark hair flowing down directing attention to her large breasts. Admittedly, I never gave her quite enough respect, focused largely on the other male agents instead of the humble secretary. She acknowledged me with raised eyebrows and and devilish grin that grew quickly up on her moon shaped face.

"You probably should have come through the back door," Tiffany said in a fake whisper. "We have a client right now."

But it was too late, shaking hands with Mr. Johnson, a middle-aged balding man with a goatee came into the foyer, at first unaware of the naked girl on the floor in front of him.

"So the place will be on the market - what the..."

His eyes went to me, looking me up and down. Under his stare, I changed my position. Imitating a dog sitting, I created a modicum of modesty. My ass rested on my heels, my pussy shielded from inspection. My hands went to my chest, my hands closing into vertical fists that just barely obstructed the sight of my breasts.

"Come now, David," Mr. Johnson said. "I figured you would get a kick out of this."

"Well, what's, what's this?" the stranger said. "She's... she's..."

"It's called pet play," Mr. Johnson beamed, his eyes almost twinkling. "It's such a hip thing with the millenials. They'll wear costumes or get naked and act just like an animal."

"I had, I had no idea," David stammered. "I mean, I enjoy the view but... I don't know it almost seems like too much. Especially in your store!"

Mr. Johnson shrugged.

"At this point in my career, what can anyone do to me?" He said flippantly. "Besides, this seems like a once in a lifetime opportunity. Last night I saw the bitch drink from the toilet."

"That's fucked up Larry," David said.

"Oh be a grown up about it, you've watched so much worse online."

"That's different..."

"You can go if you like," Mr. Johnson said. "I just figured as a favorite client..."

"Oh no, no, no," David said. "I'm in no rush. So the pet thing, I mean she's got a tail, but other than that, she doesn't look much like anything."

"I can fix that!"

Jessica came out from behind the desk almost bubbling with excitement. She looked a sharp contrast to myself, wearing a formal white blouse that showed more than a hint of cleavage with a more modest black skirt.

I lowered my eyes, deferential, waiting to be told what to do.

In her hands was a small box, its contents clattering out.

"I got her a better tail earlier today," Tiffany said. "Now get on our hands and knees. Good girl, good girl."

Her hand patted gently on my butt, my face burning as she played with me so brazenly. But Tiffany was just getting started. She waved the tail in front of my face, forcing me to see how much wider it was compared to the one inside of me.

The butt plug was dark black, made of something that looked like rubber, curling up so that the elongated tail would stand up from in between my cheeks.

Her hand went all around my body, feeling my breasts, my stomach, then tracing gently to touch the outside of my pussy. And with her first two fingers tracing circles around my clit, I forget my humiliating predicament. Because when that tickling excitement started surging up my pussy, it didn't matter that the entire office could see me naked on my hands and knees. I was fixated on the brief, carnal joy between my legs.

Then there was a more disgraceful admission, the recognition that the more I was mistreated as no more than an animal, the more my disillusioned libidio seemed to crave. Focused on behaving, on submitting, every physical sensation become so much more profound. Last night, Tiffany's fingers had pleased me so thoroughly that all I could think about was what I could do to deserve that touch again.

I closed my eyes, not wanting to see what I knew she was about to do to me. I gasped as she removed the smaller tail, my ass feeling empty without my constant companion. I tried to steady myself, waiting to be assaulted by the larger toy. A cold sticky liquid touched my ring first, allowing the small tip of the butt plug to slide in easily. I struggled with the rest, despite copious amounts of lube. I thought at any moment I would squeeze it out, but Tiffany wouldn't let me, pushing the toy in and out like she was fucking me with it.

It was more than I could take. The stretching hurt worse than going slowly into me. Even so, I got the message, relaxing even as I let out a pitiful puppy moan.

"Ruff.."

"Oh there, there girl, we almost have your puppy tail in place," Tiffany cooed. "Just relax that pretty little bottom for Mommy."


Her other hand moved to my clit, rubbing it again to make the last few inches easier.

"There, we go. Now we can do the other side. Sit up."

By now, several other agents from the office had come to watch the performance. Others decided to continue working, as though watching me nude was the most normal thing in the world. I suppose I shouldn't have been so surprised, after all everyone had seen me naked, undoubtedly saving those pictures to see whenever they wanted.

I wondered with a shudder how many men had masturbated to those pictures of me. I thought about the possibility of having them show up on websites, splattered all over the internet so everyone could see what a whore Scott married. It was enough to make me sob, and I might have started had Tiffany not been working on my make-up.

Maybe this was even more cruel. I could tell from the way she applied it that I now had a black button nose. On my cheeks, she had done some sort of whiskers. She took two ties and did my hair into pigtails. Then on my head she put a pair of puppy ears.

"Is that better?" Tiffany asked the two old men.

"Much better," David said, smirking.

"One last thing," Tiffany said, holding my hands which were a little raw from the gravel. "Scott you can't have her walking around outside without some sort of protection. I found this padded gloves online, see... they don't have fingers so she won't be able to touch herself or really use her hands at all."

"Thanks Tiffany, that's really thoughtful of you," Scott said.

Tiffany beamed at me, patting me above the floppy dog-like pigtails.

"Such a good girl," She cooed. "She's looks just so precious! I could scream."

"So what do you do with her?" David said.

"Well... first," TIffany said, handing him her phone. "If you don't mind?"

But she wasn't asking me. Whether or not I consented to be photographed like this wasn't irrelevant. Tiffany made sure to get shots from every angle, with me first sitting up, then on my hands and knees as she began walking me around the office.

"Thank you Mr. Johnson," Tiffany said. "The best ones can go on my social media. Come here pet..."

I didn't even have time to think about the implications, that the world would soon see me like this. She paraded me past all seven people in the office, each taking their turn to add to my humiliation. Hands patted my ass, my breasts, my head, either telling me all sorts of things like what a good girl I was or just letting of a variations of different disbelieving scoffs. I tried to block it out, focusing on following every one of TIffany's footsteps, staying in this safe subspace that kept me completely focused on pleasing my owner.

And with every step forward, my tail wiggled between my cheeks, reminding me I was the office pet.

"What to watch her fetch?" Tiffany said.

"She fetches?" David asked.

"She'll do whatever you ask," Scott said. "I've been training her all week."

'So could I - " the rest of what he whispered I couldn't hear.

"Maybe, I haven't decided how far she needs to be taken yet."

"I could make it worth your while."

Scott's reply was chilling.

"Talk to me later about it," Scott said. "I think we can figure something out."

I wish I could say that I gave the thought of actually being whored out by my husband in his revenge fantasy the consideration it deserves. Instead, I focused only on my aching knees, the butt plug in my ass, and most of all, the desperate desire in my pussy as I was paraded around for the office to play with over the next hour.

There were tasks, degrading and humiliating. There was a rope toy I needed to fetch, with the more eager men in the office taking turns adding to the fiction. Ryan was particularly cruel, my former crush making a point to tease me with the toy, holding it just out of reach so I had to rise up on my hind legs and try to chomp at it.

"You want it so bad don't you?" Ryan sneered, before tossing it across the room where one of his buddies did the exact same thing.

But they grew tired of the games, and slowly returned to work, leaving me exhausted from having chased the toy around the room. With my lead trailing behind me, I found a spot in the sun, intending just to lay down before falling into an exhausted sort of sleep that caused me to stir every few minutes, waking unsure where I was and what the hell had happened to me...

Eventually I needed to pee.

I got up, sort of walking in a circle around the carpet, staying in the sun spot next to the window. Again I found my body overwhelmed with physical sensations, my throat so parched that it hurt to swallow, my legs barely able to squeeze together tight enough to hold back my bladder. I let out a soft moan, almost a growl, waiting for someone to notice.

Then I realized I would have to take the initiative if I didn't want to make a sopping mess all over the office. I couldn't imagine having my own snout rubbed again in my piss piddle, this time in front of the entire staff. It was only this thought of this alternative that created in me the impetus to take any action - otherwise I might have never called up the courage to scamper to the back door.

I can't really say exactly what sound I produced, something between a frustrated yip and just a loud whine for attention. Of course, everyone noticed, but the entire office suddenly made themselves extra busy. I kept increasing the volume, knowing that if I didn't behave, I would be humiliated that much further.

I didn't know how much more I could take. My eyes almost watered, my thoughts consumed not with the inherent unfairness of what they were making me do - no I had passed that barrier long ago. In my submissive state, I worried about my owners, Scott and Tiffany, Daddy and Mommy, being disappointed in me if I wasn't housetrained.

Housetrained.

Eventually, Tiffany decided to notice me. Even in front of the door, pacing around with my thighs squeeze shut, Mommy took her time. If anything, the more pitiful I looked, trying to hold it in for a few more seconds, the more she slowed each step.

Did she want me to give up and go on myself in desperation?

"Give me your lead," She said, outstretching her hand.

It took me a second to realize what she wanted, using my mouth to hold my lead clenched between my mouth.

"Good girl," Mommy said. "I guess we go for walkies."

I was so grateful that I let out an involuntary bark, and Tiffany giggled.

"Come on," She said, opening the door as she led me out.

The sunlight almost blinded me for a second, still so much brighter than the spot through the window. The pads placed on my hands made walking even through this parking lot possible without being painful. I marched ahead, almost out pacing Tiffany until recognition began to dawn on me. She was leading me out from the isolated parking loud, and down to the side-street, a cul-de-sac with several residential houses.

I stood, frozen with terror. Even though she wasn't leading me toward a major road with real traffic, the thought of leaving the safety of the office scared me to death. My mind raced with the possibility of being exposed, arrested for indecent exposure or scolded by a gaggle of strangers.

"What?" Tiffany said. "I can't have your urine all over the parking lot where someone might step in it."

She let me to the end our lot, where I could just see the sidewalk.

"You need to find a tree to do your business," Tiffany said.

I whined, looking up at her with puppy dog eyes, begging her not to do this.

"Hurry though, or I'm going to go inside," Mommy said. "Be a good girl now."

She smacked me on the butt, sending me off away from the main road. I looked around, trying from half my usual height to determine where I should go. On one side, there was some underdeveloped brush, the other had a line of houses ended in a cul-de-sac. Rather than chance my naked body to the brush, I took the path of least resistance, hurriedly making my way off the sidewalk and towards the nearest tree.

Right in front of the first house on the street.

It didn't matter, I had long since reached the point of no return. It was like once I set myself to the task, I couldn't control my desperate bladder any further. Turning around, my ass facing the house, I let loose my stream, lifting one leg to try and prevent splashing all over myself. Each pitter-patter of piss smacking against the grass echoed in my mind, alerting me to an invisible timer before I was caught and exposed.

It took an agonizingly long time until the stream of liquid finished flowing from my sex. I bent down a little as I crawled away from the wet part of the ground, my glistening pussy lips rubbing against the carefully maintained grass. I managed to scamper a little faster, finding Tiffany waiting at the lot, rewarding me by rubbing my head.

Just like an obedient little bitch.

Mercifully, we made inside without being caught. Of course, I still needed something to drink and once I had again communicated my desperation, Tiffany found another perverse way of address my needs. With my lead, she pulled me into the bathroom, opening up the lid of the toilet and directing me to drink.

At least the bowl was clean.

"Go ahead puppy, if you are really thirsty..."

I barely resisted, soon I was slurping up the water, barely able to choke down the chemical flavor.

"Good girl," She said. "But even most bitches don't drink from the toilet."

Then she let me back towards the opening foyer where her desk stood to welcome new customers. Next to her chair, she set up a small little puppy area for me, a fluffy little dog bed, chew toys, and even food and water!

I barked joyfully, grateful as I buried my lips in regular tap water, washing out the foul taste from only moments before.

"There you go, see KayKay, I can be nice to good doggies, if they are nice to me."

"Arf!" I said, inspecting the food bowl and finding it filled with some form of cereal.

"Come here puppy," Tiffany said. "It's Mommy's turn for a treat.

I looked and saw that she had hiked up her skirt, revealing her pussy. Her pubic hair had been trimmed into a tight landing strip, one I'd already nestled my nose last night by force when she'd had me drink her urine out of the toilet.

Still, I'd never considered myself even curious. I was awkward enough about my own pussy, let alone ready to lick another woman. I moved slowly, hesitating enough that Tiffany soon grabbed me by my oversized pigtails, pulling me into her musky sex. I let out a muffled yip, my head now buried between her legs.

I did my best to please, knowing that it would be over the faster I made her cum. But I had no idea what I was doing, licking and tonguing nearly every part of her. I tried to keep a pattern, but it was hard to even maintain my balance on my hands and knees forced to eat another girl's pussy.

And there was a sense of a growing crowd.

At first I could only feel them, then the more lewd men in the office started making comments.

"Are you having fun there Tiffany?"

"Can I have a turn?"

"Not today," Tiffany said. "Today she's all mine."

"No fair."

'I bet she sucks better," Mr. Johnson said.

"I'd rather trade places with that butt plug."

"Shut up and let me concentrate," Tiffany scolded. "I swear she was getting close before you started gabbing."

I was grateful for her guiding hands, moving me by the hair in the right direction. She used the nubs of my pigtails to steer me towards the tip of her clit. I forgot myself, lost in the task of pleasing, finding it not nearly as bad as I anticipated. There was a joy in feeling her body more from my efforts, hearing her moan as I worked my tongue up and down her in more precise motions.

And I realized that part of me really enjoyed this new position under her. Tiffany was a beautiful woman; curvy and voluptuous. I had always been jealous of her breasts, and now I knew why. I wanted to see them, for her to rip off her top and show me what kind of nipples were beneath that white blouse.

But I had no autonomy, no authority, no ability to ask for anything. Mommy controlled everything, her dominance beginning to cull even the thought of saying no. I lapped greedily, wanting - no needing to please her to the extent of my abilities. I forget the room, and focused solely on the saguarine taste of her sex.

"Right there, right there, such a good girl. You're going to make Mommy so happy, you're going to make Mommy..."

TIffany held down my head, her thighs clenching together as she came. She rattled against me, smacking against my ears but holding me in place to grind out the last few moments of sensation.

Then she let me go, leaving me all too aware of the aching between my own legs. It had been only yesterday since Tiffany made me cum, fingering me while my head was still in the toilet. There was some so inherently arousing in how I was being debasement, that I had to admit to a growing pleasure in each horrific task. And with each day in the ordeal, obeying came more and more natural.

So with my pussy nearly inflamed with lust, I let out another bark.

"Arf!"

"Does Kaykay need something?" Tiffany said, short of breath.

"Arf!"

And I wondered if that noise could possibly communicate how badly I needed her attention.

"Does my puppy need to cum?"

"Arf! Arf! Arf!"

"Come here then," TIffany said. "Come hump Mommy's leg."

She reached down into her box, pulling out a large Hitachi wand and hitting the on button. She sat down on the ground and held the device to her leg, waiting for me to move closer. I angle myself just right, my pussy up against her calf, grinding against her in a pitiful game of pretend.

Only it was very real.

I was humping her leg like a horny little lap doggy.

I heard the laughter, too far beyond the point of caring as I tried to crawl my way up her, the vibrator pounding against my clit. I was so close to an orgasm with every throb, and yet I couldn't quite reach that crescendo.

"You're such a desperate bitch Karen," Scott said. "You're going to cum all over her leg huh?"

"She might as well," Tiffany said. "I think already she needs her Mommy's touch."

I couldn't argue. My eyes were open and yet I could barely process everything going on. My body was in such a state of suspended pleasure, needing to finish.

I panted, looking wild-eyed at Tiffany for release.

"Oh you're so close, aren't you? But you'll just need it again, huh? Do you want Mommy to take you home tonight?"

"ARF!"

I was willing to agree to anything.

"Good girl, maybe Mommy will let you sleep in her bed tonight, so long as you keep being such a good girl."

I let out another moan, grinding against her legs, unable with the pads on my hands even to reach my dripping cunt.

"Once I'm done with you, I'll think give Scott a try. Would you like that Kaykay?"

"I think we'd both like that," Scott said, smiling.

"Do you want me to fuck your husband in front of you while you watch from the floor? Maybe you can lick his balls while he's inside of me..."

I couldn't believe my own behavior. I was hearing about how another woman would fuck my husband, how she would violate me further, and all I could do was continue to buck against her leg. There wasn't even a thought to propriety or to the original purpose of this agreement.

It should have mattered that Scott was punishing me for cheating by sending out photos.

I should have stopped the exchange right now, before it went too far.

Instead I kept gyrating my hips against her leg, the thoughts of reluctance barely registering as my mind consumed itself with playing my part. I needed to cum, and not just in a purely physical way. I needed this; to be relegated to this dehumanizing task that let me begin to realize my true desires for submission.

"Maybe I'll let you lap up Daddy's cum out of me," Mommy said, nearly purring.

Sickly enough, that twisted thought caused me to rocket up and down on her leg, cumming in the most perverse way imaginable. I let out a wild string of muffled barks, my hips ricocheting back and forth off the head of the vibrator until the pleasure subsidized enough for me to have locomotion not wholly dependent on my decadent desires.

Shaking, I gave out one last thrust against Mommy's leg before falling down onto the soft puppy mat she'd laid out for me. Groggy and barely present, I breathed heavily, not quite sure what to do with my fragile, used little body.

Then Mommy joined me on the floor, petting my bottom gently until I relaxed and fell asleep.

Afterword: I'm so sorry for the wait, but I have healed enough to start finishing up former series. The next few chapters are nearly finished but for the editing. If you just can't wait for me to finish this septology, please consider volunteering as an editor. Thanks for reading.

Good Girl - Day 04
bysecondsamuel©

Good Girl: Day Four

Author's Note: This story involves pet play, watersports, cuckolding, cuckqueaning, and humiliation. For those who don't want to go back and read three other chapters, below is a brief recap.

Caught cheating, Karen (Kay-Kay) has been convinced to live as a puppy for one week. During Day One, she is used as a pet by her husband Scott (Daddy). On Day Two, Scott lets co-workers from her office in on Karen's plight, particularly a busty secretary named Tiffany (Mommy). We last left Kay-Kay after Day Three, when she spent the day at the office, licking Mommy's pussy in front of the entire office.




At least Mommy let me sleep in her bed...

The last three days blended blurred together until I lost any semblance of time. Obeying entirely the commands of my husband and our office secretary, my identity had been reduced to that of a household pet. There were rules, orders, humiliating and humbling tasks that proved my place. By now, almost every boundary had been eroded, washed away in this new joy at being submissive.

I didn't start out a puppy, bitch, or slut.

And still, sometimes I resisted. There was a piece of me still whole, fighting back for my own autonomy. But those thoughts were fading, replaced with a growing acceptance of my new status. There was no going back, no reclaiming any dignity ever again.

And lying at the feet of my mistress, warm just lying on the covers, my mind raced with a truncated summary the past three days.

I'd sent nude pictures of myself to a crush in the office, despite being married to Scott for ten years. Our sex had grown stale. He'd started getting into more elaborate fantasies online, masturbating more to exotic pornographic scenarios. I didn't want to cheat, but the thrill of being looking at through new eyes proved too much.

But I stopped it short of sex.

And he sent the pictures of everyone in the office, including my husband. I'd been humiliated and exposed.

For weeks Scott and I barely talked.

Then he had an idea, a way of making things even. For seven days I was to become his pet, to act in every way like a puppy. So for three days - I'd done everything he'd asked, even as each day grew increasingly sexual and public. All of my friends, my co-workers, even my sister, knew exactly my new place as my husband's pet bitch.

Yesterday, he'd walked me nude, on my hands and knees, pulled along by a lead into my office building, letting the staff make me fetch, scratch my ears, and "pet" my breasts and ass. All I could do was bark as my co-workers and former crush gawked at my nudity, watching me subjected to all matter of indecency. I drank from the toilet. I let my co-workers pet my naked body. I even peed outside on a tree, but only after begging at the door with repeated whines.

Once a day, I was given thirty minutes of privacy to make my ass ready for the black tail that was inserted in my ass as a buttplug. The rest of the time passed in this pretend fantasy. I obeyed, eating and drinking from bowls set aside for me, presenting myself to the world as nothing more than a beast, a desperate bitch in heat willing to do anything for an orgasm.

And Mommy used that perfectly.

Tiffany was the office secretary, pretty, curvy, with dark brunette hair and a bubbly, playful demeanor that hid a deviant sexual nature. Her and my husband had concocted this scheme to share me, breaking down my boundaries until I found myself lapping at her pussy under her desk.

Then she'd made me cum, nearly humping her leg to feel the vibrator pressed up against me. But that was just the beginning...

I spent the rest of the day at work contented in a dog bed at her feet. Though each new step forward was met with reluctance, there was something supremely satisfying about this level of submission. Each day brought a new addition to my torment, but I began to associate the feeling of abject terror with the tingling inside my quivering pussy.

Maybe it's just rationalizing the shock I'd been through, but I would have balked had Scott ever asked me to do any of these things before. Only despite needing to be coerced, I found myself relishing in the simplicity of the past few days. I couldn't imagine returning to the state I was before, isolated and nearly sexless. And as I tried to picture my future after this week, I wondered what exactly would be left of the person I was before.

I couldn't imagine selling houses, not after the entire staff had seen me naked and paraded around. But now that seemed like no great loss...

And for the first time, I casually considered if I would be better than before.

I'd slept a large part of the day, nestled at the feet of Tiffany's desk. She'd been the one to march me out on my knee and hand pads. I'm sure I was a sight, with attached ears, and make-up denoting what I was imitating.

With each scoot forward from my paws the rubber end of my tail bounced back and forth between my bubble butt, reminding my pussy of another need.

I always wanted to cum. But with the pads on my hands protecting my palms from the ground, I couldn't even masturbate. And after having humiliated myself through humping her leg early, I was in no rush for a repeat of the same performance.

Somehow I knew already that every second of attention to my desperate, dripping cunt would come with a cost.

That night she used me so completely...

And here I lay at her feet, shuddering, shaking, squirming with the very memory of what had just happened in the dank and ruffled sheets. I tried to process what had happened to me, whether or not I wanted it, or just wanted anything. All I could do was replay the scene over again in my head, wondering how much further this would go.

It started with her tying my lead to the iron rails of her headboard. Not that I was going anywhere - I had no clothes, no phone, no money, I was completely dependent on this casual workplace acquaintance I wouldn't even have called a friend before this week.

I was weak, unused to depending on my hands and knees so much over the past few days, emotionally drained from everything that happened. I was so transparently clingy, so willing to please and do almost anything for affection. I started doing more than just slurping up the cereal from my bowl and staring sullenly when asked to fetch.

I panted, pawed her, and nuzzled against her thigh. I needed to please.

I was fawning, acquiescence and obedient to every one of her commands, an almost willing victim to the escalation. She started petting my pussy, literally moving her palm in a rubbing motion across my slit and up to pat my cheeks. It was never enough to bring me up to the edge, just a reminder of how much control she exerted over my body.

I started huffing, breathing heavily, giving out little tiny barks to demonstrate my excitement. My tongue almost hung out as she teased me, my eyes closing in excitement as she applied more pressure, then something else.

I remember wondering if I should look behind me and see what was going into me. But there wasn't much of a point. The tip of the dildo was already half inside of me, the wide, oblong head of the jelly-like thing finding little resistance from my trembling lips. Even so, the thing was huge, pink and flexible, shaking in Mommy's hand as she inserted inch by never-ending inch.

Later, she tossed it across the bed and made me fetch it, tasting my pussy all along the length of the double-sided dildo. But first, she made me take more of it than I thought possible, the girth more fulfilling than the length. I struggled, giving out panicked yips at times, even as I ground my clit against the bed.

Slowly, it rammed in and out of me, with Tiffany cooing her praise, repeating the same kind of sing-song statements.

"Oooo such a good girl!"

"I know, I know, Kay-Kay, but it feels so good in puppy's little kitty..."

"Good girl, take that big bone for Mommy."

At first, every stroke was agonizing, the spreading, stretching pangs causing me to feel as though my pussy would eject the rough intruder at any moment. But Tiffany kept at me, my Mommy knowing just how to force her pet to play. Slowly, I started to relax, realizing that I had no control and no way really of doing anything other than pleasing her.

In almost a trance, I climaxed without warning, face-planting onto the mattress as my arms and legs gave out, unable to keep presenting myself a dog. My orgasm came with a special high-pitched bark muffled by the bed that I now hardly noticed.

I would later learn that throughout this week this distinctive yipping noise made each orgasm obvious to everyone who saw it.

I couldn't take much more, falling over, pushing out the toy. It didn't matter to Mommy, she was sweet, gentle, letting me lie there in the fetal position. She cuddled me, pinching my tits, so much smaller than hers. She was able to cup them in each hand, letting her fingers tweak the tips of my nipples.

Then she spread my legs, another small toy buzzing as it burrowed inside of my used and aching pussy. The strap-on went two-ways with a u-shape that allowed it to penetrated both of us. I could feel her breasts, weighty and large almost supported by my shoulders. She pushed in and out, quicker than with the dildo, using me for her own pleasure.

I didn't care. Lust had again overpowered my mind. With each pounding into my pussy, she drove the butt plug just barely up and down in my ass, fucking me in both holes. The sensation stood out above everything else, at first unpleasant, nearly unbearable. But then, like everything else I'd been forced to do, I began to like it.

I endured, grinding back against her at times, at other times simply shuddering against her bigger frame. Against my body, she came, continuing the same rhythm through her loudly pronounced orgasms. Needing more, Tiffany went quicker, determined to draw everything out of me. We both climaxed together, or close enough that I couldn't tell the difference.

Our cries clattered off the walls in different, distinct expressions of delight.

"Oh god, you're Mommy's little bitch."

"Arf!"

"I'm going to fuck you every day this week. And then I'm going to fuck your husband in front of you."

"Arf!"

"Oh god, I'm cumming. I'm using you to cum. Good girl, good girl..."

"Arf! Arf! Arf! Arf! Arf...."

And so on, until she finished.

I laid my head on her chest, my cheek on her wonderfully large breasts, relaxed, satisfied, at peace, my mind cleared in a way I'd never equal.

Sleep came easily for both of us.

I don't remember exactly how I ended up at the foot of the bed, but I didn't dare risk squeezing next to Tiffany or her blankets. I had the idea that she would scold me for even being in the bed. The rest of the night passed slowly, my mind racing, wondering and worrying about the morning as I kept replaying moments into my mind, restarting a libido already ratcheted up to new heights over the past few days.

I drifted in and out of sleep.

By the morning, I was already awake and alert. Both sexually excited and terrified of whatever my husband had planned for me. My mind kept wandering to the conversation Scott had with my boss, the implications being that I might be whored around the office.

And then there was my husband.

Already, the implication seemed clear there was something going on between Tiffany and Scott, at least in scheming out these elaborately inventive scenarios. I wondered if they already had fucked, perhaps immediately after Ryan had sent out my nudes to everyone.

By the morning, I was a complete mess, exhausted enough to be suggestable and obedient to my new role.

It's strange how quickly I got used to everything about my routine. It had only been a few days, but there was a strange satisfaction in knowing that I would eat when I was told (from a bowl), pee when led outside (in her yard, next to a bush), and then be given a short period of time to take an enema and do my make-up.

This time, I copied Tiffany's pattern, creating whiskers and a button nose.

At least Tiffany had a garage so that I didn't have to worry about the neighbors seeing me led out of her house nude on my hands and knees, wearing a butt plug tail and the bent and now floppy puppy dog ears. And by now, the office had become another sanctuary of sorts, another place where this sick and sadistic fantasy could continue.

I stayed most of the day by Tiffany's desk, trying and failing to hold in my bladder. She led me outside again, where the elderly man who owned the nearest house looked on in horror as I squatted in his yard. She just waved at him, then walked me back to the office as though nothing had happened.

The staff seemed less interested than yesterday, though every man in the office took breaks now and then to "play" with me. They would pinch my nipples, move my tail, swat my ass, or finger my pussy. Sometimes they took turns, worst was when two or three went at a time, so that I couldn't quite brace myself for what was happening to me.

It drove me crazy, my cunt nearly leaking joy, and yet I wasn't made to cum. It was like the goal of the day was simply to tease me. Sure, I fetched a little, but there wasn't the same level of hooting as yesterday.

It seemed that Mr. Johnson had scheduled only clients who knew what was going on. A few strangers I'd never seen came up and started squeezing on my nipples, but once I got used to that first grope, I realized there wasn't any point in every fretting about such a little thing.

A half dozen or more in the office had already done the same thing, what did it matter if a few customers took their turn? That they were strangers actually made it easier compared to looking to the eyes of my office crush, barking like a dog while he rubbed my clit.

Or maybe it was that after three days of abuse, there simply wasn't any willpower left. I hadn't talked in days, and my ability to now be outraged at something was almost nonexistent. I felt weak, maybe because I hadn't finished my bowl of cereal this morning or maybe the days were just taking their toil. Either way, I slept most of the day...

Then it was time to go home.

Amazingly, the less I used my mind, the more conditioned I became to my environment. I had barely even thought about Scott until he came sautering up to the office. He stopped and patted me on the head, his hands ruffling my blonde pigtails. Then he kept going behind the desk, bending over and kissing Tiffany.

They both rode together in the front seat, leaving me in the backseat to stew about what was happening. By the time I got home, I was so in my head I didn't even think about getting out of the car completely naked, as I again presented myself as a puppy to the entire neighborhood. I was obsessed wondering what would happen between Scott and Tiffany, my masters, Daddy and Mommy...

And then the realization hit me between the eyes.

There's no way the two of them hadn't hooked up before. They must have planned every detail while fucking. There just wasn't any other explanation for their comfort with each other as they ate dinner, serving me chopped up steak and rice in a bowl while they easily talked about their respective days.

"So work seems satisfied with her?" Scott asked.

I perked up.

"I can tell they all want to do more than just touch, but I didn't need to remind anyone to wait until tomorrow."

Tomorrow?

I let out a quiet moan no one noticed.

"Good, I think it's worth the wait. I want to slowly groom her for the finale."

And just like that, my new dread became these unknown hints. For a few minutes, I forgot what was clearly happening in front of me, my mistress taking my man, not just for sex, but in a domestic senses. They were certainly more in the image of man and wife, Daddy and Mommy, than me, eating at their feet next to the table, my face full of slobber.

"Well, are you ready, baby?" Scott said.

"I've been thinking about it all day," Tiffany said, springing up. "Should we let her watch, or keep her outside the door?"

Was I really letting them discuss this?

"Let her watch," Scott said. "At least the first time..."

And any doubt I had about their affair disappeared. In no time, their familiarity with each other became obvious. He stripped off her clothes, revealing those large breasts with perfectly proportioned nipples, larger than mine, dangling down at just the perfect angle. Then my husband peeled off her panties, sniffing them loudly before throwing them aside.

I didn't know what to make of that, but like every woman I made comparisons. Though nowhere near as thin, Tiffany had that traditional hourglass figure, wide hips with the tits I knew every man craved. Even though last night she had been inside of me, fucking me with her fingers and toys, I felt inadaquate compared to her.

Coupled with this insecurity came my subjugation to both of them as Mommy and Daddy. Of course I wasn't the equal of a real woman, I was curled up on the bed next to them, watching like the collared bitch-slut I am. If I had been a person, I would have screamed, throwing things across the room, fought for my man as he pushed his cock into this gorgeous woman I also wanted.

But now I found myself developing different feelings. After all, I wanted her because she was pretty and dominant, and had so thoughtlessly let her use me.

It had been days since he'd fucked me. I remembered how good he felt when I was in the right mood, when all seven inches pushed into me until I needed everything. How he rocked me into climax after climax, taking me until I thought I would pass out before he shot into me. It is easy after a decade to forget the things that make a spouse so desirable, and looking at Scott through TIffany's eyes made all those years of arousal come crashing back.

Scott's cock disappeared from my sight and into Tiffany's eager cunt, their stomachs pressed against each other. And as I thought about it, I knew I wanted Mommy to know the same pleasure I'd had. I looked longingly into her eyes, wide and intense as Scott pushed in and out, finding a rhythm. I wanted her to have him, to know that I had attracted a virle, sexy well-hung husband who could make a girl cum.

Her breasts pushed against his chest, her hardened nipples disappearing from my sight. They kissed, their hands exploring in known ways, in a passionate embraces reserved for lovers instead of one-night stands. I didn't care, I looked on in lust. I knew my husband was hot, but seeing the reaction of another woman, how she moaned when he moved inside of her...

It validated me.

Strange to say, but anyone can take what they have for granted. And I knew I was guilty, that my husband had so many fantasies and needs I hadn't lived up to. There was a weird sense of accomplishment in being able to give him something so satisfying as this perverse threeway. So I looked on with glee, instantly accepting this not as a price for staying with my husband, but a way of appreciating what I already had.

I was willing to do whatever so that Daddy would see how much I had changed. Even after the week was over, I wouldn't be able to go back to having sex a few times a month in missionary. I needed this, wanted to find out my limits, even if it meant stepping over the lines of good sense.

I needed Daddy and Mommy to own me.

"You're so big," Tiffany said. "I love that. Do you see Kaykay, your husband's inside of me, he's fucking me."

"God your tits, I can't even get them in a handful. I'm not used to it..."

"Kaykay, I can't believe you ever thought about fucking anyone else," TIffany said. "Daddy is giving it to me so good, he..."

"You're about to cum, aren't you?" Scott said.

"Oh god, just like that," TIffany said. "I need it."



"You need my cum, don't you?" Scott said.

"Oh yes, yes I love having your cum in me," Tiffany cooed. "I'm close, I'm close...

"Cum for me..."

And almost as if on command, Tiffany's legs kicked up, shuddering as Scott held up her, continuing to drive into her. She came, crying out in soft mews her pleasure. There was something so thrilling about seeing my husband give another girl an orgasm. It was almost fulfilling, as though I got some of the credit for having such a lover.

"Kaykay," TIffany breathed, after collecting herself. "Go lick Daddy's balls, lick them while he fucks me."

"Arf!"
I scampered behind him, trying to wedge my face in between them. My nose ended up close to nestled in my husband ass crack, my tongue barely reached out to lick eagerly at his balls. His nuts bounced back and forth, gently wiping my own salvia back onto my face as I greedily slurped at them.

Forgetting everything, I was happy just to be paid any attention.

I elicited a few moans, or at least though I did as he drove into her faster. I kept licking, using every bit of my tongue on his sack as they continued fucking each other in front of me.

"Kaykay, lick his ass."

I stopped for a second, not sure how to process the command. I never knew my husband to enjoy any type of anal, and truthfully, I found any sort of ass play distasteful.

"Go ahead, he loves it."

And then there was the meaning behind that statement/ Tiffany had eaten my husbands ass. What else had they done? What other fantasies was she already exploring with him?

I closed my eyes, moving my tongue up, tentatively tasting his rosebud with just the tip. It wasn't revolting like I expected, actually it didn't really have much of a flavor.

I blocked out what I was doing, just letting myself lick and lap absent of any thought.

I could feel him twist and turn through each thrust of my tongue. I wasn't sure that I was doing it right, if anything the tip of my tongue barely parted his hole, and yet he seemed to pick up the pace, my lapping tongue directing the action.

"Does she feel good?" Tiffany said.

"Oh god, yes," Scott murmured. "I should have made her do this years ago."

"I can't wait to feel her myself," Tiffany said. "She's such a good girl."

I kept at it, licking until Scott seemed unable to take anymore. He stopped inside of Tiffany, trying not to cum. I could tell by the way he tensed up that his cock was on the verge of spilling inside of her. His ass stopped its grinding motion against my mouth, letting me linger there, not quite inside, my tongue glued to him.

"Let me get on top," Tiffany said.

I stayed crouched on my hands and knees like a dutiful pet, watching her breasts bounce up and down until his hands moved to knead them. She looked nothing like me, her bulging ass and breasts contrasting profoundly with my own thin, petite frame.

I supposed had I asked her, she would have made similar admonishments of her own body. I never had enough of a chest to worry about the effect of gravity, nor did I have the kind of ass that rappers write songs about. But there are different insecurities, fear-monsters that feed on whatever might drive us crazy.

But she looked perfect, her legs squeezing together over my husband's cock, riding him so enthusiastically that I forget my own body, and whatever misguided feelings were attached to it. In truth, those kind of thoughts, negative and gnawing, occurred less and less over the past few days, replaced by basic needs.

When I was hungry, getting something to eat became that much more pleasant. When I needed to pee, an overwhelming sense of relief came once the urine started spilling from between my legs. And when I was horny, the excitement and joy I received from any interaction, no matter how demeaning or degrading, amplified every sense until I could barely consider anything other than my dripping pussy.

"Go ahead Kaykay, show Mommy how good you are at eating ass," Scott ordered gently.

I needed attention so bad that I went in between Tiffany's robust cheeks with an enthusiastic bark. She came a minute or so after I introduced my tongue to her crack, shaking and nearly gyrating off my husband's cock. Then she leaned forward, her breasts and head against his chest, his hands holding her ass cheeks apart for better access.

I lapped it up and she came again.

"Oh wow, you're right, Daddy," Tiffany said. "She's been such a good girl, please give her some attention."

"I think we can treat her without spoiling her," Scott said. "Come here girl."

Still being ridden by the office secretary, he called me over with the snap of his fingers. He stuck a few digits into my mouth, letting me taste Tiffany's saccurine sex on his fingers, then he moved his hand over my body. I shuddered, needing it so bad, moving forward until my pussy was over his right hand. With Tiffany still grinding into him, he inserted two fingers into my cunt, curling them around inside of me.

Then he left them still.

Tiffany was upright again, riding his dick with a newfound enthusiasm while I humped his hand, my hips and effort the only cause of my pleasure. It was so demeaning, so disgraceful to be relegated to pleasuring myself on his hand while he wantonly fucked another beautiful woman in front of me. But I didn't care; I craved every second of attention.

I humped his arm just as I'd done to Tiffany's leg the other day, prostrating myself in this new position of subservience. I let myself go, my entire being focused into my most desperate need. I wanted to cum so bad, to be a part of the sultry, earth-shaking sex occuring right over me. I bucked against him, bringing myself right on the edge of climax.

"Can she cum, Daddy?" Tiffany asked.

"Arf!"

I spoke, so pathetic in my position, humping away as though my life depended on it.

"I love seeing her like this. Stripped of everything that made her human. She's taken to it so well, make her ask to cum."

I heard a few more smacks from their skins banging against each other, then Tiffany started another climax, making me acutely aware of my own growing need. I let out a series of inhumane whines, ready to give anything for one more orgasm.

But what else did I have to offer?

My dignity was gone, slowly whittled away day by day since becoming a human dog. But while I wasn't appearing in a traditionally alluring outfit, decked out in pumps or a cocktail dress, there was something inherently sexy about the abject way I presented my body.

Though I had never found the appeal in watching, so much of porn capitalizes taking a woman down from her pedestal and playing casually with the bounds of decency. I didn't know that I would ever understand or enjoy doing this to another person, but over the past few days what started as a trickle of excitement had turned into a roaring waterfall. I couldn't say it, could hardly even think it, but I needed to hump my husband's hand. I needed him to fuck another woman, to push his seed inside of her pussy.

I wanted everything that was happening, even if my fading sense of morality made a few last kicks here and there. Because like this, with no pretense or posturing, I felt real. Completely in the moment, my thoughts only focused on the fingers barely wiggling inside my pussy.

I needed to cum, and I knew I would do anything Mommy and Daddy asked.

"Bark three times if you're close," Daddy said.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

"You like this, don't you," He said, grunting. "You like being Daddy's little puppy?"

"Arf!"

What else could I say?

"For the rest of the week, Tiffany's is going to stay with us," Scott said. "I'm going to fuck her, and you're going to help. Do you understand? This is your place now."

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

God my pussy ached, my legs almost clattering together, wanting it so bad.

"Cum for me, baby, Daddy loves seeing you like this. It's so sexy. You're so-"

I didn't hear the rest of the compliment, my mind overwhelmed with my own orgasm. I shook and sputtered, accidentally drooling all over myself. It didn't matter - and there was a certain freedom in knowing that I might make any sort of face and it would be chalked up just being a dumb little puppy.

Still I treasured those brief words, knowing as I thrashed against his arms, grinding out the last second of pleasure before collapsing, that my own decadence was satisfying my husband in a way we hadn't connected in years.

It didn't matter that he was fucking another woman; any woman would take a dick.

Who but his wife would submit to being his puppy?

I groaned as he withdrew his fingers, then he guided Tiffany onto her hands and knees.

"You must be pretty familiar with this position," Mommy joked. "I'm getting fucked just like you."

Scott took his time, slowly pushing in and out, his cock disappearing behind that fabulous round ass. He held her by the hips, pounding into her faster and faster as they found their rhythm together. Her boobs rocked back and forth, her hands pushing herself back against his waist, helping him increase the intensity of their fucking.

"Oh god, yes just like that!" Mommy screamed.

This time, I didn't wait to join. Technically, I suppose I disobeyed, sliding myself underneath TIffany. My last look was of her breasts, dangling down and nearly slapping against my own as I directed my head underneath them. I arched my neck up, extending until my tongue lapped up at Mommy's clit while Daddy drove his dick into her.

"Good girl!" Mommy moaned. "Daddy, she's..."

"I know, she's such a good puppy," Daddy said.

I beamed at the praise, licking in small, similar circles until I found the pattern I knew Mommy loved. I tasted Scott's dick, reminding me what was happening.

My husband was fucking another woman, and here I was, gratefully performing oral sex on his lover.

She moaned, bearing down my mouth until letting loose with another orgasm, the force of which ejected Scott suddenly from her pussy. He pulled out, then adjusted, aiming and forcing himself into my eager mouth. He pulled back again, gone as suddenly as he appeared, entering Tiffany against and leaving me to lick at the small part of his shaft still exposed before disappearing into his her pussy.

"Fuck..." Scott moaned.

He alternated between my mouth and Tiffany's pussy, slowing down to use each of us for a few strokes. Then he picked up his pace, slamming into my mouth one last time before returning to her pussy. And I went back to my role as fluffer, licking at his cock and balls where I could, at other times returning to Tiffany's pussy.

I lost track of myself, completely consumed by the act. There was something so pure about being used like this, something that prevented me from doing anything other than lapping lovingly at both lovers.

Scott slowed for a final time, shooting out his load inside another woman's pussy. I should have screamed... instead I just moved to his balls, gargling each of them as he ejaculated his powerful load into his lover.

"I'm cumming," He said, a little too late.

"That's it, cum in me baby," Tiffany cooed. "Do you like that Kaykay? Mommy's pussy is so full of your man's cum. It feel so nice and warm...

He slid out of her, but Tiffany stayed still, her pussy hovering over me. A large glob of semen slid out of her, landing on my nose.

And without thinking, I licked at it.

"It's okay, you've been such a good girl, I'm going to share."

She moved down, letting me taste my husband's seed dripping down from her pussy. This was different than the oral I'd performed earlier. My lips almost tugged on hers, my mouth full of my husband's load, mixed with the taste of her perfect pussy. I let the cum linger for a second before gulping into down in frenzied display of carnality.

Tiffany reached down, her fingers touching her clit, masturbating herself as she used my mouth to draw out one last orgasm. My tongue touched her fingers, nearing what she wanted, but not quite. She moaned, and I could sense she was close.

"Make her cum, Kaykay," Scott encouraged.

And there was something about his slow change that turned around everything about this week. No longer was it about punishing me for my behavior; the way it has started. We were on a sexual adventure together, opening up to each other in a real way, existing apart and yet as one flesh, consummating a lifetime's worth of fantasies in this one glorious week.

I ate out his lover until her hand moved away from her pussy, the cum almost entirely cleaned out by my eager tongue. I refocused my attention, my neck craning to reach...

Then she came, her pussy nearly suffocating me as her thighs quaked and gave out.

"Good girl, such a good girl!" Tiffany said, patting me on the bottom. "Mommy and Daddy are so pleased with their pet, aren't we?"

"I guess we can keep her," Scott said, a smile broaching his face.

Again, I beamed.

Even when I was led inside to the master bedroom, where a puppy bed had been set up for me, next to that was a bunch of newspapers, the implication clear enough.

"I'm sorry pet," Tiffany said. "But I don't think either of us will have the energy to take you out in the morning."

But I was so wiped out, it didn't matter. Within minutes, I was asleep, curled up in my doggie bed. The rest of the night passed quickly, my mind adjusting gleefully to this new state. I slumbered restfully for the first night in days...

Except for one moment, when I could hear my husband fucking his girlfriend through the bathroom door.

And if I hadn't been a puppy, I would have mastubated against the door to the sounds of her screams.


Good Girl - Day 05
bysecondsamuel©

Author's Note: This story involves pet play, watersports, cuckolding, cuckqueaning, and humiliation. For those who don't want to go back and read four other chapters, below is a brief recap.

Caught cheating, Karen (Kay-Kay) has been convinced to live as a puppy for one week. During Day One, she is used as a pet by her husband Scott (Daddy). On Day Two, Scott lets co-workers from her office in on Karen's plight, particularly a busty secretary named Tiffany (Mommy). On Day Three, Kaykay was forced to lick Mommy's pussy in front of the entire office. When we last left Kaykay, she had just been used as a fluffer while her husband fucked Tiffany in front of her.

*****

It would have been too easy to label everything that has happened as Stockholm Syndrome or some other mental health disorder emanating from four days of mental and physical abuse. I suppose that any shrink would have had a field day with me on the couch, analyzing all the repressed desires and latent tendencies that went into consenting to this elaborate and demeaning roleplay fantasy.

For the entire week, I had agreed to behave like a dog.

I had thirty minutes or so to myself, to clean out my bottom to fit the tail-shaped butt plug that was almost permanently inserted in my ass. I showered (a luxury compared to being hosed off in the yard) did my make-up, creating whiskers and button nose, and did up my hair in juvenile poofy pigtails.

And in less than the time allotted, I had already shaken off any semblance of who I was and returned to the pet pad and blankets that I had slept on through the night, waking only to hear my husband fuck the secretary one more time...

I'd barked softly at the door, letting out small, quiet yips, hoping that they would again bring me in the room to act as little more than a fluffer. I knew enough about erotica to have an idea about the whole cuckold fetish and was experiencing the reverse. There was something so sensual about the infidelity, about knowing what a stud my husband was that made me quiver with anticipation every time I thought about him driving his dick into her sweet pussy.

I'd come so far from that first suggestion.

Originally, I had agreed to this idea under duress, convinced my husband would leave me after sending a bunch of nude pictures to a co-worker. Of course, it got back to Scott and everyone in the office, until I thought I might have to quit my job and start over. I guess the starting over part actually happened - our sex lives had been suffering after ten years of marriage. Part of me wondered if this was just the worst sort of sadism, to push my limits, to have me broken so completely no one would want me.

Only he seemed to want me...

Warmth and affection, filtered through these tiny touches began again. I had started the violation, even if he had escalated it, but now we were almost equally culpable in what was happening. Sure he had fucked another woman, but so had I. Tiffany had made me spend the night, fucking me with a collection of toys, proving to me her superiority.

Not that I wasn't pretty...

Blonde, petite, breasts that were enough to grab, but nothing I could be too cocky about. Tiffany was different, dark-haired, curvy, with wide hips and large, hypnotic breasts. It made me weirdly proud that my husband could seduce such a girl.

I started to feel that this submission was my way of equaling Tiffany's natural gifts. Though I didn't have her natural dominant and overwhelming allure, I would do whatever they told me. Now that we both had stepped outside our marriage, anything seemed possible for the day. I would do whatever they thought for me, no matter how humiliating or degrading, relishing in my new role as a submissive slut.

I didn't have a firm concept of the time, but more than anything I needed to empty my bladder. I whined at the door a little, trying to get their attention, but I had an idea of what they wanted. Before putting me to bed, they'd laid out newspapers on the floor, TIffany telling me that they might not be able to get to me in time before I had an accident.

As I tried to squeeze my legs shut, needing to let loose, I had the feeling this might be their intention. Maybe it was just an excuse, a rationalization for making myself go on the newspaper, but after clenching for an eternity, I gave in to the desperation.

Keep in mind, even with my puppy paws, padded gloves without fingers that velcroed over my wrists, I easily might have made a human decision. I could have used my mouth free my hands and sat down on the toilet like an actual girl. Instead, I whimpered whined and threw my head and shoulders against the door a few times, before I finally gave it.

The distinctive sound of my urine dripping down onto the newspaper reminded me of Chinese Water Torture, the sound of each droplet striking the paper hammering into my brain how deep my depravity went. In the closed room, I could smell my urine wafting up from the long streaks over the scattered pages of the Houston Chronicle,

Then I just had to live with the shame, every second my nostrils reminding me what I did squatted over in the corner of the room until Daddy and Mommy decided to let me out.

"Oh poor thing, she had an accident Daddy," Tiffany said.

I should have scowled. I'd been left in there for the night. Instead, I rushed up to my Mommy's feet, giddy to see her just like a puppy waiting for its owner to come home. I wallowed in her attention, rubbing my mouth and nose up against her porcelain thighs. I started licking at her without really thinking of it, my head craning until I parted the barely closed nightgown and tasted her pussy...

Sticky and sopping with my husband's cum.

"Don't worry, you'll get your turn today," Mommy cooed.

She patted my head as I licked desperately at her pussy, the tail protruding from my bottom wagging with excitement. I forget myself, devouring her dripping pussy, so thrilled that my husband had spent so much of himself in her.

I would have kept at it, had she not pulled me back by my collar.

"Okay, okay, good girl," Mommy said. "It's okay, Daddy and I have plans for you later."

As surreal as it may sound, I was already strangely accustomed to my morning routine. I ate my breakfast (eggs and bacon) from a dog bowl on the floor, gulping down water from an identical dish next to it. Then I was walked into the backyard where I peed on our tree before they took me to work.

There had already been some sort of agreement made with the owner of our reality company. Mr. Johnson had cleared out the staff and scheduled appointments only with those were in on the act, so that I knew every hand, every face as they degraded me, so far only by doing the odd roleplay scene. I would have to fetch several toys: a knotted up rope, a tennis ball, a squeaky stuffed animal. They would pat my bottom, mocking me, running their hands over my nipples.

Worst of all was seeing the glee my crush took at doing the same thing. Ryan didn't want me because of some emotional connection. Like every other man in the office, he treated me like I was just for fucking and tossing aside, another conquest.

But I was used to that, to being degrading with this now-familiar task. The only part of my day that still frightened me involved the walk from the driveway to the car, where I would be paraded out as the pet for every neighbor to see.

It's not like I knew any of them; well except the neighbor who had helped my husband spank me. Even so, the fact that everyone around would know exactly the way I was used still rocked me to the core. I shuffled quickly towards the car, the cool air-hardening my nipples, worried as always about being approached by the police and charged with indecent exposure or worse...

The hardest part was crawling into the backseat; I needed to cheat a little, using my arm for a little leverage. My butt hung out of the car for a second while I clumsily almost lost my footing, exposing me for just a moment longer. Then Scott and Tiffany were in the car, talking absently while driving me towards the office.

"So they did finish it?"

"Exactly to her size," Scott said.

"Do we have to wait?" Tiffany said. "I'm ready right now.."

"You just got fucked," Scott said. "I'm sure you can wait a little."

I wondered what they could mean, but I did remember Mr. Johnson measuring me like a perverted tailor, making sure he got everything from my breasts to my ass. I couldn't imagine what that would matter and blissfully went back to enjoying the ride.

I did dog things. It was becoming so much more natural, soothing even. I looked out the window, seeing people on the street, not caring whether or not anyone noticed me nude in the backseat of the SUV. The trip passed quickly enough, then I was led into the backdoor of the office.

Everyone stopped whatever they were pretending to be working on, some standing up or adjusting the angle to watch as I entered the room on my hands and knees. I blushed, not quite embarrassed, I'd done this before already. Instead, I wondered when everyone would just get used to seeing me led into the room naked, done up like a dog with ears and tail.

Maybe three days was too soon to expect anything other than the heavy breathing.

As usual, I was led around by my collar, the end complete with a rhinestone. I expected to be walked around, patted and pinched, completely used to being demeaned in such a fashion. I put one hand in front of the other in a practiced pose, actually feeling somewhat confident about my new role in life. I was taken care of, freed from responsibility for this time, all I had to do was obey.

Plus, I saw myself in the mirror. I looked good, sexy even despite the dog costume. No, because of the outfit. Without clothes, my breasts stood out a little more, my bottom seemed to show a little more curve. I was less like a 10-year-old's idea of themselves grown-up and more like an actual woman. And those things, the little bulge below my belly button or the weird arch of ankles - no longer matter.

I felt a sense of complete freedom for a brief second before it began.

It started with Paul.

Other than Ryan, Paul was probably the most attractive man at the Real Estate company. He was blonde, in his early thirties, married and generally one of the kindest men I'd ever met. I didn't begrudge him from joining in with the humiliation - who could resist? But as Tiffany and Scott walked hand and hand, leading me around the room, my head cocked and paused, my eyes wide with an indignant shock.

I couldn't make out much of his dick, but Paul was clearly masturbating.

And instead of moving away, my Mommy was pulling my lead towards him, yanking on my neck, my knees burning against the carpet as I nearly refused to go.

Somehow I knew...

I'd been wrestling with the decision for days now, terrified that Scott would whore me out to different people in the office. It was one thing to be taken by the sexy secretary who worked in the office - another to fuck another man. Sex is sex... but there was something different about sharing a woman. There were many more consequences from cum.

I inched forward, my nose almost touching the fist as he worked it up and down his oversized head. Paul wasn't too big, his hand almost covered his cock entirely, but he was thick. He grunted, pulling on himself more and more, his hand working feverishly over himself. I was so close now, Tiffany pulling me closer until I could nearly feel the condescension from my rapid, panicked breaths.

She held me by the back of the head, her fingers embedded in my hair. I looked on, transfixed, immobile. Unable and unwilling to stop what was happening. My eyelids stretched wide, the black dots in my eyes reflecting off the shiny, already cum-smeared head moving touching my bottom lip, pulling it down and crying for an opening.

I cringed, then tried to relax, just a little, enough for a small, gaping hole.

Enough for him to shove his cock through.

He went down my throat in one motion, his mushroom head the only part that proved difficult to take. The length quickly became managed, as though the five or six inches he had still let air pass down my esophagus. Still I retched, almost choking as he rammed it deep inside of me, careless and thoughtless to my own desires or needs. He pumped his hips against me, rattling my jaw as he fucked my face.

And I reacted like a domesticated animal, accepting my fate and doing my best to please the more dominant beast bucking into me. I drooled, slurping and swallowing, trying to make him finished. There was no excitement in this for me, other than pleasing Mommy and Daddy. The head of his dick thudded against my cheek, alternating between sides of my mouth as he pushed it and in out.

Then a hand reached out and touched my pussy, fingers exploring then entering, forcing me to give out a started yip.

For a second, the hands on my head let go, giving me the chance to turn around to see Daddy entering my glistening hole. Relieved, I returned to the cock in front of me, starting to enjoy the sensation as he added lube to his fingers, stretching me out with each subsequent digit. Soon he had what felt like three fingers inside of me, reading me for what was about to happen next.

I heard the unfastening of his belt, then felt the head of my husband's cock nestled against my pussy. He was near his knees, somehow able to find the right spot by letting one knee drip past the other. I took in a deep breath around the cock in my mouth, struggling to suck and take it when he plowed into me.

Scott was big, a little over seven inches. Sometimes it was hard to take, especially if I hadn't been warmed up properly beforehand. There had never been the spontaneity seen during sex in the movies, where the leading actor just holds up the woman and shoves his cock into her. Doing that to me would have been so painful...

Only now I took him with such ease I wondered why he had even bothered with the lube. My pussy swallowed him up grateful, barely feeling the thud as he pushed into me. My ass cheeks ground back against him, letting him direct me with a strong hand around my thigh. Tiffany moved down to tweak my nipples, occasionally rubbing my clit.

I was awash in pleasure, relieved at knowing that my husband would still fuck me. It would have been the cruelest punishment to use me like this for a week only to trade me in for a girl like TIffany once I'd been completely ruined and ripped of any self-respect. That he wanted me, that his cock ached with desire for me based on what I was doing as his dog, ratcheted up nearly a week of foreplay.

"Do you like this?" Daddy said.

I tried to let out an arf, but my mouth was muffled.

"I think that's a yes," Paul laughed.

"You've been pleasing Daddy so good this week," Scott said. "You've obeyed so much. But Daddy wants to take you as far as you'll go..."

Paul pulled out for a second, giving me a chance to gasp greedily.

"Speak Kaykay!" Tiffany commanded.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

God, if I had seen myself a year - no even a few weeks ago. Make-up done like a pretty little doggy, my hair done-up in girlish pigtails complete with puppy ears, a tail butt plug rammed further inside my ass with every thrust. And on the other side, sucking another man's dick without so much as a word of complaint.

I had been so proud, willing to look down on girls like Tiffany who worked as secretaries in male-dominated fields. And now here I was on my hands and knees, being passed around the office, every ounce of pride gone.

And I was better off for it.

I came with a loud whine, not daring to stop servicing either dick. It didn't matter how they used or abused me, I wanted everything. I was willing to do anything to make Mommy and Daddy happy - to have them keep using me in whatever way they wanted, so long as they didn't just ignore their puppy and fuck in our martial bed.

With my orgasm fading to a dull roar, I could focus on again on what Scott was whispering as he drove faster into my cunt.

"That's it girl. Enjoy it Kaykay. It's the last orgasm I'm going to give you until this is over..."

My mind reeled, my pussy already revving up again for multiple climaxes. I knew that Daddy would use me like this, keeping my orgasm as a treat, a reward for behavior. But I couldn't imagine not being allowed to cum, forbidden from enjoying my own body.

"Don't you dare cum without asking," He grunted. "I want to hear three distinct barks before you cum."

I moaned, already feeling like the next thrust might drive me over the edge.

"Show me how you are going to bark when you need to cum!"

And for a second, I had control over my own mouth.

"Ruff! Ruff! Ruff!"

"Good girl," Daddy said. "I'm going to get you close first. Then you can decide. You can spend the next few days desperate, humping the floor, the couch, trying to give yourself an orgasm or..."

Shamefully, I already knew I would take whatever the other option was, no matter how disgraceful.

"Or... you can get fucked by everyone here," Daddy said. "You can spend the next week as the office slut, with cum in every one of your holes until you think you can't take anymore. Everyone here will fuck you roughly, whenever they want, leaving you filled with cum."

Oh god, everyone?

Even Mr. Johnson...

I couldn't...

But could I possibly control myself?

"Don't answer yet, I'm going to get you close first."

They both pounded into each end of me, spitroasting me in front of the entire office. Again I lost myself to lust, forgetting everything except the building intensity in my pussy. I couldn't believe how far he was taking this, and how willing I was to forsake everything about my character in pursuit of my own climax.

I knew what my decision would be.

I just didn't have the strength to make it right away.

"Oh God, Scott I'm so close," Paul breathed. "I'm about to cum, I'm about to cum down your wife's throat."

"Good," Scott grunted.

"It won't be the last," TIffany said, rubbing her fingers between my legs. "It's alright Kaykay. We love what a slut you are. Mommy is still going to take care of you, no matter what you decide."

Somehow, that caring bit of reassurance was enough to push me over the edge. I was so close, my pussy began to ache. I was just about to reach the edge, I pulled back my mouth, retreating from the cock for just a second.

"Fuck, come here..." Paul said.

"RUFF! RUFF! RUFF!"

"Don't you dare cum yet," Daddy growled.

And I felt a sharp slap from Tiffany on my clit, just hard enough to stop me from my crescendo. I cowered, trying to keep my legs together, to stop myself from coming without permission. In front of me, Paul was stroking himself, his head popping into my mouth again for a few more thrusts.

"God, I'm so close," Paul said.

I was about to cum again. I squirmed, needing it so bad that a dull throb echoed from my cunt to the back of my brain. I shook, pulling back, my head coming free of Paul's cock again.

"RUFF! RUFF! RUFF!"

"Come here... fuck too late..."

Rope after rope of cum splayed out along my face, trailing down my button nose, covering my chin and the whiskers drawn on my cheeks. I tried to look away, but Mommy's hand went to my chin, keeping me fixed in place as he emptied himself on my face.

"Stay still Kaykay. You didn't swallow so you owe Paul at least a facial."

God, only a few weeks ago I wouldn't have even let my husband cum on my face. There was something so demeaning and degrading about it. But now I was beginning to understand that as the appeal. Paul stroked a little more, spraying once or twice more until the spasm from his slit became with more than a drop. 



Then he shoved his cum-covered head back into my mouth for one last second.

"Good girl," He said, patting my head while still in my mouth.

He pulled back, giving me the chance to communicate my desperation.

"You never liked cum on your face before Kaykay, what changed? Why are you so hot now that you are a puppy?"

I didn't know what had come over me. My head rolled around, the semen splashing down from my face and onto the floor in front of me.

"Oh God, look at the mess she's making..." Mommy said. "Such a bad girl. You know we really should have trained her better. I suppose I've been spoiling her."

And then her hand went to the back of my neck, forcing me down onto the floor where the droplets of cum had collected on the carpet. She rubbed my nose in it, ignoring the fact that by doing so she was really only adding more ejaculate to the area.

Despite the degradation, my pussy still yearned to cum, ready to let loose at any minute.

"I'm close," Daddy said. "I'm about to cum..."

"Don't ruin her for the next guy," Mommy said. "Pull out and cum all over her bottom and tail."

God they already knew I would say yes to being fucked.

"I'm almost there, just a few seconds more..."

I let out a soft squeal, a whine of desperation as he drove the final thrust into me. When he pulled out, I nearly sobbed with a frantic need, knowing that I would belong to everyone now. I wailed, barking wildly, yipping for attention even as I felt Daddy's warm seed spraying onto my ass cheeks.

"Shhh... shh... " Tiffany said, stroking my hair. "I know baby, I know. You need to cum, don't you?"

"Arf, arf, arf..."

"It's okay, it's okay," Tiffany said. "We're going to clean you up, then let someone else have their turn with you. And then you can cum as many times as you want. Will that make it all better?"

"Arf..." I murmured.

"Are you sure? Is this what you really want?"

Here was the moment, the chance to pull back and preserve the smallest smidgen of dignity. I didn't have to take it. I could stop the charade, end all the cruelty and go back to life as normal as I might make it.

All I had to do was open my mouth and speak, to say I didn't want it.

I paused for a brief second, unable to croak out the sound. My mouth opened in a silent o, embarrassed to say my desires even in such a small way.

"Go ahead Kaykay, speak. Tell us what you really want," Mommy commanded.

"Arf..."

"What was that?" Daddy said. "I don't think everyone could hear. Bark if you don't care anymore who fucks you, so long as that greedy little hole gets to cum."

I swallowed hard, then let loose.

"ARF!"

And the dam burst.

"Arf, arf, arf, arf, arf..."

"Good girl!" Mommy cooed.

"Just in time," Mr. Johnson said. "The delivery just came in..."

I had collapsed, unable to keep myself upright anymore, my nose nestled in the cum collecting and crusting up on the edges of the carpet. I splayed myself out, sex drunk, watching two men move in and unpacked the crate.

Only one of the well-built men was actually unpacking the cage, the other openly stared at the cum-covered puppy lying nearly at his feet.

"Okay, uh... here you go Mr. Johnson," the less attention one said, holding up a screen.

"Thank you," Mr. Johnson said. "You know, you boys are welcome to stay and participate."

"We already have a full house as it is," Scott insisted.

Mr. Johnson spread his hands wide in an apologetic gesture, and the two men left, giving me a clear view of his purchase before Daddy began positioning me in the device.

It must have been a custom-made, because the bars were pretty close to exactly my dimensions. The cage had a hole cut into the front so that as the hinges went up, my neck could be inserted onto the padded circle. This left my head outside of the kennel. On the other side was a slightly wider hole where Daddy and Mommy positioned my ass before closing down the cage and fastening the lock.

I could barely move, the dark iron bars holding me into place at every angle in this awkward position. The bars pressed down a little on my back and ass, and no matter how I wiggled or moved, there would be no way to stop anyone from fucking any of my holes.

My stomach press against my thighs, everything contorted inside my kennel. I never had a fear of enclosed spaces before, but being encased inside a steel sex contraptions immediately started to send me into a frantic, panicked fit. I yipped, shaking at the bars, until Tiffany came over, her hands petting my hair.

"There, there," Mommy said. "Just breathe, and everything will be okay."

How easily I was soothed now. I barely remembered having so many worries: the mortgage, the sale, the marriage. There was only one thing now, submitting myself to being fucked however they wanted. The idea of speaking up, of asserting myself before it began never even occurred to my fragile mind.

I would agree to anything, almost gleefully treasuring this break from reality.

Even being gang fucked in a cage by every co-worker in the building.

Except one...

Because when Ryan went forward, his cock already out and dangling in front of my face, Tiffany simply tapped him on the shoulder.

"Ryan, I'm afraid you're only welcome to watch," Tiffany said curtly.

"But..." Ryan started, before thinking better of it and sulking away.

"As for everyone else, condoms are over here in this bowl" Mommy said. "Please feel free to cum on our pet as well!"

She leaned it, kissing me on the lips, ignored the cum already there.

"Such a good girl, you're going to be so pretty after this," Mommy cooed.

Then she was gone.

It started behind me with the almost ominous sound of a wrapped being torn. The waiting was almost unbearable, the seconds seemed to stop ticking as I just sort of shuffled my knees, wondering when it would start. Then without any sort of warning, the cock slammed all the way into me, the unseen co-worker deciding to simply plunge into me.

They would all be like that, using me without any consideration or compassion.

Thankfully I was warmed up enough that my reaction was more shock than pain. He drove into me, the thwacking sound slapping into my ears as I inhaled heavy breaths. I didn't know what to feel, my arms and legs were paralyzed, slowly falling asleep in their suspended position. Everything seemed to hurt for a while, the bars the only things keeping me upright.

Then another man added his cock into my mouth.

My face was a mess of cum, tears, and make-up. My nose swelled up with mucus from the pressure of this much long dick driving down my esophagus. I should have screamed, my entire body had been broken and batter, making this the most miserable sexual experience of my life. I was close, almost ready to call the whole thing off with a sputtering statement of "please, I can't..."

I had the words formed in my head when my pussy took over.

The rest of my body was asleep, barely registered as the blood simply stopped flowing, preventing any sort of connection with my brain. Of course, I'm not sure how it actually worked, I wasn't sure of anything other than my most basic carnal need. Absent any other thought, unable to exist doing anything else, I sucked and fucked from either end, slamming my ass back against the cage those few inches I could to cause that dick to reach my cunt in the right way.

I came.

So hard that the dick in my mouth pulled out for fear of being bitten by a puppy slut.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

"Oh she's cumming Daddy, she must like this," Mommy said.

"I knew she would..." Scott said.

But the orgasm didn't seem to subside, not in a real way. If anything the peak just continued to climb, rising and rising until shooting up into another wave of pleasure. I couldn't control myself and didn't want to, losing myself to the purest expression of lust.

I vibrated between the two cocks at either end, clueless to the growing crowd of co-workers around me. The sound of them smacking against me and inside me poured into my ears, adding to the excitement, but none of it ever seemed enough. Even as my puppy pussy ramped down, I still wanted more, eager for the next orgasm.

They switched, a new dick in my pussy, another down my mouth. It became impossible to really know how many times this actually happened. Time became measured in little things, tiny moments that captivated me completely, getting me through one debasemen to the next.

My mind would be fixated on the instant, on trying to take the dick in my mouth another few seconds before gagging, before needing a breath. On my pussy, sore and still needy, slowing to an ache before beginning the cycle of cumming over and over again. What other choice did any piece of me having, caged up like a puppy, prostrated between a room full of men who took turns swapping me around the room.

They would take turns cumming, calling out their intentions, or simply claiming a space of my body as their own. As one man fucked me, another would spill his load over my face, thoughtless spraying my eyes, my forehead, my hair, unable to control themselves once their climax had come. Eventually I had to close my eyes, stinging and red, sensing loads or another dick in my mouth whenever either sensation touched me.

Behind me, my tail slapped back and forth between the bars, the plug driven deeper inside of me with every smack of our hips. My pussy became a sloppy, wet and gushing gape where any man could easily insert himself. I barely felt them by the end, except in those occasional moments of pain where my body remembered to protest at my misuse.

On my ass, several men had slapped their condoms, at least one dripping cum onto my ass. But it was impossible to tell where the filthy wetness originated. Another man had pulled out, slapped his condom on my ass and unloaded on my tender cheeks, which seemed to signal to the rest of them that it was time to finish in a massive bukkake style over my face.

Spray after spray, rope after salty rope hit my lips, my tongue, some of it sliding down my throat. I could feel in collected in streams all over my body, caking and coating me with the product of their abuse. And worse, the more I got, the more I wanted. By the time they were ready to finish one after the other into my face, I had my mouth open, barking greedily for more until the next man rammed himself into my mouth right before finishing himself off.

We only had seven agents, including Ryan. Only I couldn't be sure if six was the number of men inside of me, or if others had been invited or just came more than once. I had been shared so thoroughly every inch of me seemed oozing with drying cum. My cunt throbbed, now empty and protesting how well it had been worn out.

Then behind me, I heard a familiar voice.

"Alright, my turn," Mr. Johnson said. "What we agreed on?"

"Sure, it's all yours," Daddy said.

"RUFF!"

I screamed my disapproval as the owner's hands pulled at my tail, unaware of what he was really readying to do to me. All I knew was the painful sensation of the wider edge of the plug opening my sphincter. I wavered, falling down best I could in the cage, whimpering through soft muted barks my displeasure.

It hurt.

But I missed my tail.

I didn't have time to complain about that, not as Mr. Johnson's warm head started to split me in two. He positioned himself in the crevice between my cheeks, then guided the head in slowly, his bare dick pushing into me painfully, despite the days spent preparing me.

I slammed against the cage violently, not because of the overwhelming pain, but at the thought of my boss shooting cum into my ass.

And then, I broke again. No matter what happened, even if I stopped it now, that old bastard would have still put his dick inside of my ass.

And I would know I let him.

There was nothing to do but accept it. To act as though it was my desire to have a seventy year old man put his oversized dick into my nearly virgin ass.

Scott and I have tried anal sex a few years back, but I'd stopped in pain before he had been able to finish.

Something told me there wasn't that option tonight.

"God you were worth it bitch-slut," Mr. Johnson exhaled, his voice rising. "I've been watching that ass for three years, wondering how much it would cost to fuck your tight little butt. You came cheaper than I imagined."

"Ruff... ruff..."

I was nearly sobbing.

"Good girl, it's okay, it's okay," Mr. Johnson said. "I've already been inside your pussy, why does this matter?"

He was right, I just hadn't known it. I had blocked myself completely to the pleasure, shutting my eyes while I opened every hole to what was happening. After this week, I would see the video Tiffany had recorded, showing me swallowing my elderly boss, then taking him in my pussy.

Part of the deal had been proving to Scott that he had a clean bill of health, but I didn't know that at this time.All I could think about was the final indignity of being bred with the older man's cum in my ass.

He smacked against me, harder and harder. And to my immediate disgrace, I could feel the swelling growing inside of my pussy until it became a smoldering, sopping wet heat of desire. It was almost as though the head of his cock was smacking against my pussy through the thin bit of my body between cavities. My pussy glowing, rising against with the attention, as though my holes were too abused now for me to distinguish before holes.

He slammed into me, hands holding the bars, his hips pistoning faster, my voice trialing out desperate barks of pleasure cut with pain. Mr. Johnson found a steady rhythm, hitting me over and over again against the bars of the cage he created to keep me. I thought I couldn't take it a second longer, my ass squeezing and trying to expel him even as my pussy started to quiver with anticipation...

In desperation, I came.

"ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF!"

I begged and whelped like the puppy I'd become, even as the pounding became relentless and all joy drained from the experience. The last few moments drew on for an eternity, until it became a shock when he slowed, driving his dick into me for a last few strokes as his warm seed bred my virgin ass.

For the first time, I had cum in my bottom.

And it wasn't my husband, it belonged to my old, lecherous boss.

Only I didn't care.

His cum leaked out my ass, down my thighs, mixing with the other loads already spent on me. My body was covered in cum, my face a mess, every part of me ached. I tried to move and found my legs unresponsive. Exhausted and unable to even wiggle, used, abused and treated like the most desperate whore, I could only consider one thing...

My desperate puppy cunt had finally been satisfied by all the attention.


Good Girl - Day 06
bysecondsamuel©

To RS, the delightfully alluring muse who has kept me on task. I hope it was worth the wait.

Author's Note: This story involves BDSM, pet play, watersports, cuckolding, cuckqueaning, and humiliation. The first five parts are in fetish, but the cage aspect seemed more BDSM, though often I wish there was an option for spillover stories. For those who don't want to go back and read four other chapters, below is a brief recap.

Caught cheating, Karen (Kay-Kay) has been convinced to live as a puppy for one week. During Day One, she is used as a pet by her husband Scott (Daddy). On Day Two, Scott lets co-workers from her office in on Karen's plight, particularly a busty secretary named Tiffany (Mommy). On Day Three, Kaykay was forced to lick Mommy's pussy in front of the entire office. Taken home after Day Four, KayKay was used as a fluffer while her husband fucked Tiffany in front of her. When we last left Kaykay, she had been fucked in a specially ordered dog cage by everyone in her office.

The rest of yesterday passed in a fuzzy blur that made me almost doubt my own existence. It was like my mind had been completely ejected from my body, bruised and battered by half a dozen men ramming their cocks into every one of my holes.

I imagined seeing myself like an ethereal ghost hovering above the action, and had to blink my mind's eye in shame. Cum had been sprayed all over my face and ass, along with one condom that clung unceremoniously to my left ass cheek. Cum leaked down my ass from where my elderly boss had deposited his load bareback. Every joint, every muscle burned and ached with abuse and misuse.

My pussy involuntarily quivered, spasming uncontrollably at times as though expecting another one of my co-workers to shove his dick inside of me. I tensed up, waiting for the next man to fuck me, not sure if I even wanted it. My holes had their own reaction, sore and stiff, and still begging for one last orgasm.

But they were done with me.

Scott and Tiffany carefully removed from the cage my boss had specially designed to leave my pussy and mouth open for public use.

It passed in a blur, my face caked in drying cum, my eyes bleared red and squinting. Tiffany reached down to hold me, saying soft, meaningless reassurances into my ear. My husband Scott, the man who directed the entire scene as a punishment for my unfaithful behavior, began cleaning me up, wiping a warm washcloth over my face, then in between my ass cheeks.

I was so pitiful.

But worse, more humiliating was the obsequious way I had continued in my cruel pantomime. One of my pigtails had been undone, my make-up no doubt a mess with the drawn on button nose definitely destroyed. And still, I stayed on my hands and knees, my mind unable and unwilling to claw its way out of subspace.

Because despite everything that had happened, or because of it, I still needed to cum one last time.

With my head resting on the floor, I saw out of one eye the tail shaped butt plug I had been forced to wear every day. And I knew what I needed to do, or at least I assumed. My hands were still in their leather pads, preventing me from gripping it. But I remember that a good doggie needs a tail.

"Arf..."

The bark came out softly, barely audible.

"Do you need something Kaykay?" Tiffany said.

I moved my head, opening my mouth. It was an act that came to truly define my character, more disgusting and debasing because it arose from my own intuition. No one forced me or even suggested it. Neither Daddy nor Mommy even prompted their puppy, but I was sick and demented with lust, willing to do anything.

So I opened my mouth, letting my lips close around the part of the butt plug that thirty minutes before had been inserted up my ass.

Thankfully, I couldn't taste anything other than rubber, but still I knew how truly depraved I had become.

"Okay, good girl," Tiffany cooed. "Let Mommy put that back inside of you, then you can have a cummy."

"Arf.."

Again, I barked weakly, only letting out a painful howl when she shoved the tail back inside my tender butt. My hole was still reeling from being fucked by my boss's oversized cock. I thought for a second I wouldn't be able to take it, that the flared base, widest in the middle, would aggravate a part of me very nearly torn open.

Then it was over.

The tail was inserted so that when I moved I could feel the familiar slapping against my ass as I moved. It felt like it belonged now, like I was empty without it, even if the toy kept my asshole brimming with cum.

"Come here, girl," Tiffany said. "Who's a good girl? Who's a good girl?"

And in a practiced routine, she produced a vibrator, a big Hitachi that she held shaking against her leg. She patted her lap and had me straddled aside her, in what was now an understood command. She patted me on my ass, gently playing with my tail while I thrust my hips against the toy balanced on her leg.

In less than a minute, I barked three times, giving her the signal I was close.

"Good girl," Tiffany said. "Daddy and I have trained so well..."

But that wasn't permission, so I tried again.

"Arf! Arf! Arf!"

"Oh right, go ahead baby. Cum humping Mommy's leg."

I was just like a bitch in heat, passion and pleasure exploding seconds after being given permission. I fell over Tiffany, my body cradled up against her as I spasmed through one final orgasm. Then she held me in her lap, holding me against her breasts almost like a child until I fell fast asleep.

*****

I suppose the next twenty-four hours continued as normal, though it would have been shocking to use those words to describe my new life even a week ago. Clearly Mommy and Daddy, Tiffany and Scott, had been carrying on with a very passionate type of affair. I should have been jealous or even outraged at the hypocrisy. After all, I had only sent naked pictures, Scott was actually fucking the office secretary.

But I didn't care.

Maybe I was too tired, my will sapped from days spent on my hands and knees begging for even the smallest attention. Everything had become puppy play, from how I ate to the bath I was given, this time in the tub instead of with the hose, with Tiffany taking a washcloth to every part of my body.

But then again, I wanted Tiffany too. I'd begun to see her almost as a puppy might view the softer parent, the one most likely to sneak a treat under the table. She was certainly more capable of caring than Scott and seemed more willing to spoil me.

Then there was the cuckolding part of the pleasure, knowing that my husband was clearly capable of attracting such a voluptuous woman, with large, gorgeous breasts. More than anything, I wanted to watch the two of them together, to see Scott brings her pleasure again and again while I licked or pawed just to participate in their incredible sex.

But tonight, they decided I'd already been stimulated enough.

"Off the bed!" Daddy commanded.

And I obeyed, looking up longingly at as he undid Tiffany's bra, letting her boobs spring forward. I couldn't believe that they were that big and natural, and yet barely sloped downwards. Her nipples were already hard, swollen and puffy before Scott ever touched them. And as I watched, sitting up on my ankles to see the action, she disappeared underneath them.

I couldn't really see much, their naked bodies were smashed together in ecstasy, hiding the most titillating parts. But I heard the sounds of sex as my husband fucked his girlfriend in front of me, leaving me on desperate on the floor. It was as if with nothing else to entertain my feeble mind that my pussy began ramping up at the slightest instant. And with the sounds of Tiffany moaning in my ears, their bodies slapping against each other, I started grinding against the carpet, desperate again for any sort of stimulation.

Their dirty talk just drove me further in the depths of my desire.

"Oh God, Scott you're so fucking big!"

"Today was so incredible, did you see how many guys she fucked? There was cum... all over her face... all over her ass."

"I loved seeing my wife taken like a ten dollar whore."

"She's not your wife anymore," Tiffany said, and it resonated. "She's our little puppy-wuppy."

"God I love seeing what a slut she has become," Daddy said before turning Mommy on her hands and knees. "She was such a prude before."

"Not anymore," Tiffany said, gasping as Daddy thrust into her.

For a second, we made eye contact. Me seeing her breasts pendulous breasts swinging with each of his thrusts from behind. Her watching me rapturously, knowing exactly what I was doing by grinding my hips against the rub.

"Look at her..." Tiffany said, in the same hushed tones one might use to alter a lover to a precious wild animal.

"Is she?"

"It's her new thing," Tiffany said, moaning again. "Your wife's humping the carpet while you fuck me in doggie style."

"Oh god, I'm close," Scott said, slamming his dick into her again.

Then he slowed, stopping to slow himself down. It gave Tiffany the chance to prop herself up a little, to speak directly to me.

"It's just a position for me," Tiffany said. "It's not my place. Once he cums in me it's over, but no matter what happens, you'll always be a carpet humping puppy."

I lowered my eyes.

Because I couldn't stop rubbing my clit against the carpet.

And it continued, past two or three orgasms until my husband came inside another woman's pussy, leaving me to wonder if she would be the one to have his children. I was so close, and yet unable to ask the serious self-examining question.

Why did I want this to continue?

The transformation of my sexual soul now seemed top permanent. I couldn't remember the last time I counted the days left, only thinking about the next second, the next climax...

What was I really becoming?

Could I stop it? Did I dare?

I don't know if I really slept that night.

*****

If I was able to be shocked at anything that was happening to me, I guess it was my willingness to accept the circumstances of my new existence. Humans can adapt to anything I guess, even not being human any longer. And there was something so freeing, so final in accepting each task only as it was presented, keeping me focused only on the moment.

What a curse the future had become for me.

Maybe that's what I had tapped into, the primitive homo sapien, focused only on the next step, the next meal, the next orgasm. What a blessing this freedom was, grounding me in the present, making each moment stand out as the only plane of existence.

Not that there wasn't a bit of the old me still rattling around, but that voice came with such nagging, worrisome doubts that I couldn't help but dismiss it. Because buried underneath the surface was the unarticulated realization that I could never really go back. Even if I was given permission, would I really be able to look at myself in the mirror without remembering the feeling of being stripped of everything and led through the world as a human puppy? Would I really be able to respect myself after being paraded around the office and fucked by everyone?

Wouldn't it be better to just stay like this, waiting for Daddy and Mommy to take care of me, reverting to something even more infantile than a child?

I don't know if I really had these thoughts at the time. Everything about the week kind of flows together. But any sense of resistance towards tasks that once seemed too shocking to perform had completely snapped. I ate hungrily from a dog bowl, I trotted out naked in full view of any neighbors, no longer worried about being exposed. When it was time for work, Daddy let me slowly through the front yard, giving the world a full view of my naked body, decorated only in puppy paraphernalia

I stopped for a second, forgetting that I was in the front yard where anyone could see me, squatting my legs in a practiced motion so that my own urine wouldn't spray all over my hindquarters. I couldn't tell you exactly why I slowed to take such a risk - it was the middle day. But I needed to go, and with a whine, I simply stopped and started spraying, even as Daddy impatiently pulled on my lead.

I went immediately, the pitter-pattering of my pee on the grass somehow relaxing me as I went in full view of the neighborhood.

I didn't know her name, only that she had the stereotypical soccer mom look, short hair, a curvy figure that seemed bore down by the weight of the day's tasks as she made her way absently towards the minivan. The woman was so consumed with her errand that she didn't notice me at first, looking past the naked woman relieving herself shamelessly in the front lawn.

Then she gave me this look, pure scorn and hatred, before hurriedly throwing her canvas bags into the back of her van.

And I found I didn't care.

If anything, I considered her to be the real victim, slaving away to meet a thousand needs and expectations, when I felt much happier simply obeying.

It was Daddy who hurried me into the backseat, where I rode proudly with my head hanging out of the window.

My only concern was my desperate need to cum. I had been kept in a pent-up state since last night when I'd laid at our martial bed listening to the sounds of smacking, slutry sex. I couldn't explain it, but there was something more arousing about hearing my husband fuck a gorgeous woman, driving my used pussy into a state of sexual anticipation.

Of course, added to this was every second of my existence was spent naked and vulnerable, my ass fitted with a tail thwacking against my sore and aching rump with every movement of my knees. Like this, I made my way inside the office, reveling in the attention paid to me by everyone in the office.

With a second's worth of shame, I realized I wanted one of them to fuck to me. Even old Mr. Johnson with his long, veiny prick. Who it was didn't matter. To them, I was no more than an object. Three warm, wet holes anyone could use to masturbate in.

And that thought didn't disgust me.

If anything, it drove my libido wild, knowing that the more I was degraded, the more arousing I was to these normally sexless sad sacks in the office. There was a reason pornography gravitates towards the rough and reprehensible, and not because addicts crave a larger hit. Something innate makes a person want to drag another down towards the bottom together in order to find that submissive suspension of their soul.

Because even in such a small, solitary moment, there exists a kind of closeness in that vulnerability. A second where any mortal can claim to be something more, to take someone else in a way that lets loose all the negative emotions into one overwhelming outburst of darkness that cleanses each, revitalizing those who can relish the loss of control.

Maybe there was something more broken in me. A small thread that threatened to tear me apart. Even after nearly a week, I wanted more. I craved the escalation, the humiliation, the constant sexual attention. And with each step forward, more would be required to send up that familiar feeling of revulsion that added another edge to the excitement.

I would need to hold onto that thought.

I was walked around the office most of the morning, each man taking his turn to prod and pet me. Particular attention was paid to my pussy, but I heard Mommy repeatedly tell my co-workers that I was only to be teased.

There would be a real show later.

That didn't stop a few exploratory fingers, the tweaking of my nipples, the not so gentle smacks on my ass.

And of course, the use of my mouth to suck for a few minutes, which I thought odd since none of the men seemed to cum. Instead, they seemed to pass me around, content for me to bring them right to the brink before stopping. But I could barely wonder about this; I was completely devoted to my task, impressed with how far my cock sucking skills had come in the past week.

It no longer seemed to matter how long, how thick, or how fast a man rammed himself down my throat. My gag reflex had long since given up any protest at my treatment. Still, by the end of making a few circuits around the room, I had the drool dripping down my chin, slobbering at my task just like the little bitch I'd been trained to be.

"Are you ready to cum?" Mommy said, calling to me.

"Arf! Arf! Arf!"

Mr. Johnson had two of his grisly old fingers inserted into my pussy, rough gliding them in and out. Only yesterday, I had been revolted the second he took my ass. Now I ground back against his fingers when they slowed, trying to make him bring me closer to the edge.

I didn't dare cum without permission.

I was Mommy's good bitch slut.

"Come here Kaykay!" Mommy said, patting the ground.

Her vibrator lay across her legs, and I knew that again I'd be expected to hump her leg. I assumed the position, rocking back and forth like a greedy, desperate bitch.

"Tell me when you are so close that you can't take anymore," Mommy said. "But I want you really close. I want to see just how desperate my little baby can get."

I did. I humped her leg with wild abandon, slowing down and starting up again at just the right time so that the whirring of her vibrator didn't overwhelm me. I got myself right to the edge, clamping down and stopping myself from cumming at the exact right moment.

Then I did it again...

Until I truly couldn't take anymore.

"ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF! ARF!"

I pleaded, amazed at how much emotion came through a howling bark.

It was perhaps the purest, most honest way I'd ever communicated anything.

"Okay, that's enough Kaykay," Mommy said, switching off the vibrator. "I want you good and excited for today. Daddy thinks going to be too much for you, but I know you want more, huh? You want to do the sickest, most fucked up things to cum, don't you?"

"Arf!"

It was like she had read my mind, or what was currently left of it. Right now my cunt was in complete control of my entire body.

I would have done anything to cum.

I let out frantic desperate throbs, restrained only by willingness to completely obey, to desire pleasure above everything else, to endure anything my Mommy demanded of me.

I needed to cum more than anything in my life, and in that moment, I truly knew I would do absolutely anything.

And I got the chance to prove that.

It would have been impossible to describe the unquenchable desire causing my clit to throb and scream again and again for mercy, only that again I was broken, nearly weeping with the need for her to let me climax.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

Only then did she stop tormenting me with the sharp edge of orgasmic bliss. The toy switched off but my hips kept at her, shaking violently, literally now humping her leg in a wanton display of humiliating desperation. I knew it wasn't going to give me an orgasm, and yet I rubbed my pussy against her thigh, my pad-covered hands pawing her, trying and failing to grip, to pull her close and give me just a second more of even this small satisfaction. My mouth emitted the most pitiful whine, more weeping than bark.

"There, there," Mommy said. "Are you ready?"

"ARF!"

"Are you really willing to do anything to cum?"

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

She almost needed to restrain me, to push me off of her. I tried my best to keep up, crawling along the floor at first, my pussy dripping against the carpet as I tried to draw out even a smidge of stimulation.

Did it really work, or was it just my state of mind?

I wanted to scream out, to let every bark say what I was really thinking. Do anything to me. Let anyone fuck me. If I could have spoken, actually I begged, I might have said open up the door and pimp me out of the street. Anything, any cock, any finger, any toy just please Mommy, please let me cum. 


One day Tiffany would make me actually tell her these things. I would be compelled to let her know the extent of her control, because right now...

Right now she could do anything.

And she knew it.

All she needed to do was share with me the extent of my submission.

The cage had been set up in the kitchen, this time hole for the head position facing up. Inside was a large black mound, almost shaped like the saddle of a horse. In the middle of the device rose an attachable dildo, bigger and wider than anything that had been inside of me yet.

The Sybian's bottom bulged out at my cage, just barely fitting inside the bars. The top of the cage opened up. I was helped in by Daddy and Mr. Johnson, who each spread my legs and lowered me slowly down on the oversized cock, until my knees were on the ground, my body squished upright inside the waist high cage.

I didn't think I'd take it at first, my pussy seemed too sore, too fragile, but the second the head touched my lips, I eagerly wiggled down, forcing myself on it. It hurt more than I can even really remember, the nerves in my pussy overpowering any sense of reluctance. Still, it went into me rough, forcing out a loud cry, my legs trying simultaneously to squeeze out and fuck the massive dick.

But before my body could decide, the ear splitting roar shot up my pussy, making even my pixie-like breasts jiggle with a full-bodied jolt of joy. The roaring whir of the beastly machine overpowered every other sense, rattling my breasts against my chest, turning me into a complete nymphomaniac as I hypnotically jerked along with the dildo.

Already the dull throb of denial begged from my clit, screaming that it was too late, that no matter the consequences I would have orgasm. There wasn't any choice, even as I tried to not disobey my owners, that familiar fluttering below my belly button signaled my pussy's intent. I gasped, trying to hold it in.

And lost control...

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

I don't even know how I managed to bark, except maybe through some macabre form of classical conditioning. But my yelp of joy mixed with the machine, signalling my shame at no longer being in control of myself.

My climax melted every bone in my body, the shaking dildo the only thing kept me upright. I flopped and flailed, the droning machine turning me into an imitation of one of those inflatable tube creatures out of car dealerships. If I hadn't been impaled on the fake cock inside this oversized, custom-made cage, I would have toppled out on the ground.

I barely had time to breath before I felt her hand on my throat, causing my eyes to bulge out from my head. I looked up at Mommy desperate, feeling nothing but hatred for myself at having disappointed her. Not even in the back of mind did I consider the inherent unfairness of the position, forced to fuck an elaborately powerful machine after being tormented by own genitals.

It was all my fault for displeasing Mommy.

More than anything, I wanted her to hold me, to let me nuzzle against her large breasts while she played with my needy clitty. I would do anything, not just to cum again... though there was that... but to have her make me cum again.

In my primitive mind, I knew she was the dominant, the bestower of any pleasure, the Alpha. I existed only to delight her with my eager depravity.

Her hands closed around my neck again.

"You came didn't you?" She nearly yelled to be heard over the device. "Mommy can tell."

"Arf..." I said weakly.

"I knew you would," Mommy said. "You've been such a bad girl, I guess I'm going to have to teach you why you aren't in charge of your silly little cummys."

She pulled me closer, kissing me deeply before pulling away, her hands then moving to my shoulders. Then I saw Daddy, moving the top of the cage down, so that my head and neck were the only thing outside of the metal box.

"Mommy's going to punish you. You are going to stay until you've pleased everyone. And since they can't have your pussy, it's going to be a long time. "

She kissed my neck, then bit down hard, causing me to rattle my cage.

"You're going to cum until you can't stand it anymore."

Then she moved back, looking over at Daddy. For a second, I was able to look around, almost lucid, my wide eyes actually seeing the co-workers surrounding me in the kitchen. Because I couldn't turn my head around, it looked like I was surrounded, already a few men were stroking their cocks, eyefucking my naked flesh pressed against the bars.

Then I lost myself in lust.

My shoulders banged against the bars, shaking and rattling, gyrating against my pussy. It felt like I was on the edge of another orgasm already, and I wondered if I was really allowed to cum as much as I wanted. And while right now it seemed like a gift, later I would come to understand the perfect cruelty of the punishment. But even with my pussy relatively fresh, my psyche was so unaccustomed to acting on its own impulses that it seemed reluctant to let it happen, no matter how much I wanted it.

My head twisted and turned, my vision blurry as I focused only on me. I didn't see the first cock as it entered my mouth. Truthfully, I don't know that it even registered to me as anything other than the most basic function of my new submissive personality. Did I even open my eyes? Sometimes, yes, but I mostly just tasted the train of cocks running against my mouth, signalling that it was time again to open and relax.

Cock after cock switched in my mouth, sometimes the next one rubbing against my cheeks or pigtails, or even deliberately slapping against my face. I was just a hole they could use, a few quick pumps, and then they stopped, leaving me waiting for their cum. Every new dick I expected to feel the cum on my face or down my throat, only they waited, teasing themselves.

All the while, I flirted at the edge of a second orgasm, the intensity of the low-riding Sybian more than I could bear at times, and yet I had no choice. The cage kept me riding it.

I didn't even see Daddy flastening the cone around my head. I just felt it, opening my eyes and trying to peer through the plastic sheet. It was the kind of thing a vet uses to keep a dog from gnawing at its stitches. It went up and out, snapping suck at the bottom, giving me only an opaque view of what was happening outside, shadows and pricks silhouetted before the most vile task yet.

The cone was pulled forward, angled nearly horizontally, and I saw the first mushroom head appear over the rim. I looked on naively excited, waiting for something, anything to happen. I blinked, not sure what to do.

Then the first droplet hit my nose.

He relaxed and a short spray of piss hit me in the eyes. I blinked them open and shut in disbelief, coming out of my puppy trace as I realized the sadistic task they had planned for me. I tried to protest, opening my mouth before wondering what I could possibly say.

And another spurt landed in my mouth.

I spit, the urine dribbling down my chin, causing me to retch. But he had barely even started. I tried worming away, moving every muscle, trying to pry myself free from this hellish trap. Only there was nothing I could do. His slightly yellow stream came out in spurts at first before picking up.

Then there was nothing that I could do.

Whichever co-worker it was (he was impossible to distinguish through the plastic cone) really started to let loose a torrent, finally pushing past the mental block of urinating on an actual person. But I guess I wasn't that. I was little more than a toy, a piece of sexual furniture for the entire room to mistreat with every cruel impulse in their heart.

He was really going now, the spray dribbling down my neck where it collected into a large pool. I tried to block my mind from what was happening, to descend into that submissive state where I no longer care what was happening, but I couldn't. It was too humiliating, too degrading, so vile that I returned to being Karen for a few minutes while the next man took his turn filling the cone.

The pool started to swell, reaching past my neckline as this man seemed to have no inhibitions about letting loose into this nearly water tight container. I could feel some drippings, just barely leaking down to my breasts in tiny beads of condensation, but for the most part, the yellow pool collected and grew, nearly reaching my chin.

I did my best to keep my mouth closed, trying to preserve that last little bit of myself. Not that it really mattered. My body still moved against the cage, the dildo shaking inside of me, causing me to splash the urine all over my face. It sloshed into my nose, and I couldn't stop smelling the rank, acidic piss collected together. I couldn't breathe, and had to open my mouth, the mixture of two men's pee slipping across my lips as I sputtered.

He shook out the last few drops, then in another act of merciless subjugation, he spit down on me, leaving a slimy trail of salvia on my nose.

And worse, at that moment I realized that my pussy was again brushing up near the brink of orgasm. I couldn't control it, I was so keyed up, so turned on, that eventually any sense of willpower would be removed, forcing me to climax against my own sense of self-worth.

That was all gone, again. Over the past six days, I'd seen time and again how low I could sink, how truly depraved my sexual needs could be when twisted and tarnished by my owners.

And I almost didn't care...

But there was more to go before I was truly broken. Each day had been like that, taking the limit of the past day and ramping it up, forcing me to reconcile my image of myself with what I now had become. Tomorrow, I would have to wake up knowing that an entire room full of men had pissed on me as I was restrained in a cage, fucked by a machine.

And tomorrow, maybe Mommy would make things worse.

Two or three men started peeing at the same time, unable to hold it. My hair was drenched, piss dripping down every inch of my face. There was no escaping, no avoiding every second in my humiliating position. But I still was trying, keeping my eyes closed at the pool of urine grew steadily larger. The rim of the fluid neared my bottom lip, the salty yellow liquid nearly forcing me to taste it.

It was then I came.

The ricocheting back and forth forced the urine into my mouth. I must have swallowed some involuntarily, but I couldn't really know. My face was a mess, my eyes stinging from the splashing of urine. And all the while the men kept peeing, hosing me down as I came to the edge of losing any sense of dignity I could ever claim. I sputtered, spitting out the urine in my mouth. And as I came to, I realized the sick intention of the cone.

Another stream replaced the two, and soon there would be no choice. The urine was now above my lips. At the moment, I had my mouth tightly closed, refusing to let any of it in. I was like a toddler refusing to eat, but what was required seemed too much. Soon it would reach my nose. If I wanted to breathe, there would only be one option.

I would have to drink the urine down.

Still, I resisted, trying to buy time. I kept hoping for a savior, someone to tilt the cone forward so that I wouldn't have to debase myself in this final way. I tried angling my head, only to realize there was no way for me to really move. There was nothing I could do, the recycled water grew until I could feel it against my nostrils. Another man started peeing and reluctantly, with my eyes closed, I opened my mouth, letting in a small swallowful...

Only to retch it back up, nearly vomiting with brimey taste.

I struggled to breath, the urine coming in through my nostrils, and now there truly was no choice. I could feel the warm and slightly tepid urine growing to my cheeks, threatening to drown me any second. I hadn't begun to run out of breath, but I knew I was close. The smell of urine went directly into my nose, burning all the way up until my eyes lost focus, dizzy and weak from the sudden exertion of my spirit.

I let go.

I opened my mouth to let in a rush of collected pee, again the urges in my pussy became the entire focus of my being. It made accepting my new status easier, arousing even, though I still couldn't dare admit such a thing to myself. That the continued debasement of any sense of worth aroused me was still something too demented, too taboo to admit even to myself.

The tremors shot up my pussy, reminding me of my place, making it easier as the piss slid slowly down the back of my throat. I had to force down the retching churn of my stomach, taking a bit of gulp of urine in order to finish the repugnant task.

I wasn't completely broken yet. I hadn't learned exactly the depths of my disgusting sexuality. Somehow, Scott and Jennifer knew, and were together capable of creating escalating scenarios that demonstrated my own despicable need to cum, knowing that there was no limit to what I might be willing to do.

I know it may sound obvious, but the thought of actually driving excitement from swallowing a cocktail of urine from several strangers had never even entered my mind until my pussy again started to clench its approval. I must have been like a frog in a pot of hot water, unable to notice the sexual heat until it completely boiled over, frying my brain.

Only to be reborn again, a submissive object ready to be filled for my Daddy's approval.

My puppy clit started to throb, thrilled by the next step of breaking these last vestiges of humanity from my worthless mind. I started to thrust against the dildo, trying to make it fuck faster even though the cage restricted most of my movements. Enthralled, I swallowed again, almost absently, still barely able to breath through the urine collect around my nose.

I squirmed, trying to drink down the pee, only to cough everything up as I came almost accidentally.

My orgasm stopped being a thing that belonged to me. Even now, Mommy had decided I was going to cum again and again, until it turned into a punishment for my greedy little hole. And because I was willing to be treated like this, I knew I deserved to be treated like this.

I came, punishing myself for being so desperate. I gulped down urine in big swallows, shaking some of it out with my thrashing, and still sucking down the putrid pool with greedy, lust-filled abandon. I was their urinal, their cum slave, their cum dumpster, and there was no longer any doubt to the depths of my depravity.

Rocking back and forth on the sex machine, my head swimming in a pool of pee, a nearly nonexistant state seemed preferrable. I reverted back to my doggie self, completely broken as I gargled up their piss, splashing it out of my cone in my pleasure.

God, I needed more.

I would have hated myself, but I lost the will to think. I knew this was what Daddy and Mommy wanted, and became mindlessly devoted to please them. I drank deeply, ignoring the churning in my tummy, until my tongue was lapping at the pee like a true puppy. More streams joined again, and now I was opening my mouth and sticking out my tongue.

I preferred to swallow it directly from the source, when it was still warm and not as rank.

But it didn't matter, because I didn't matter. Not unless I was pleasing my owners.

I came again, with warm urine spraying my tongue.

I didn't notice the next violation until it struck my face, the cum splattering instead of spilling over me. I could sense the gobs on my nose, in my eyes, stinging my already red eyes. The urine came almost immediately after, maybe they tagged team, trading places so that the next man used his cock to clean off my face, mixing the cum with his piss in semi-visible clumps.

He wasn't the last one to ejaculate in the cone.

The next man hit me mostly in the hair, though another stream of urine rinsed out my hair, cleaning it to a point, while creating a milky substance that I could barely make out through the one eye not matted shut by semen.

I didn't have an excuse to drink. I was nowhere drowning, but the thought of swallowing more cum mixed with god knows how many streams of piss overwhelmed my pussy. I sucked it down together. I couldn't taste it, but the texture was different, a little thicker as I swallowed cum and piss together, and not for the last time.

I came again, one orgasm almost flowing into the other as I gave up my spirit to the endless lust of complete submission.

They alternated, cumming and pissing in succession as I kept trying to thrust my restricted, imprisoned body against the Sybian. I lost track of what I was doing, of what was happening to me. Time lost all meaning to me, and I barely recall the the countless barks that I screamed out into the dark nothingness around me.

All I sensed was my aching cunt, each time not sure that it could take anymore before being ravished by an additional orgasm. It was like once released, I couldn't contain myself anymore, with one climax following the other in a state of sublime and cruel ecstasy.

It built, keeping me constantly on the edge, even as an untold number of men emptied their bladder and balls on my worthless face. I couldn't stop myself, I sucked up as much as I could until my stomach hurt.

At some point I pissed myself.

It didn't happen all at once. The stream leaked down the sides, onto the dildo in short, squeezing bursts. Then I really let loose a torrent, and uncontrollable release all down the Sybian and onto the floor, mixing with the splashing that escaped through the desperate jerks of my neck.

I know I came, maybe even more than once as I released. I don't know when I stopped climaxing, when one orgasm stopped spilling into another. It all grinds together into one almost seamless memory of desperation, where my only concern was hungrily devouring enough cum and piss to feed my own twist erotic needs.

I came again and again, until no one was cumming or pissing my face, and my cries could actually be heard.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

"I can't tell if you are begging me to stop or to let you cum again." Mommy said.

I screamed it again and again, climaxing against my will until my clit screamed at the abuse. And still, it seemed like I might cum again, like another moment might bring me back around to the brink.

But I still couldn't move, caged and controlled, compelled to give in over and over, my body unable to stop the abuse, my mind needing every second of submission. I rattled the bars, everything but my pussy wooden, asleep with the prolonged awkward position.

And again, twin streams of urine struck my face, filling up the cone I had tried so hard to empty. Again the bubbly urine rose, the milky white cum streaks clumped up in the pool. The scent of piss seemed stuck in my nose, the aroma never fading as it sloshed up and again stung my eyes. I had the wild idea that I needed to drink it all, but that this point it was impossible to swallow anymore. I tried, only for the piss in my mouth to blow back out in bubbles.

I couldn't take any more.

I started to choke, sputtering my desperate barks muffed by the vile and frothy filled container.I was going to drown in a cone of piss and cum, and all I could think was that somehow I deserved even worse.

Because somehow it all seemed worth it if I just could cum one more time.

My lungs begged for release, my pussy somehow switched into overdrive with the lack of oxygen. I began feeling dizzy, spots appearing around my vision, my nose completely submerged. Pleasure and pain blaze and seared through my brain, lit up through neon synaptic screams and gurgling desperation.

I gave in.

And in that darkest moment, I reached my peak.

I didn't know which happened first, but I felt the hands on my neck, the collar coming undone, the urine and cum falling down all over my naked body in a large tidal wave, drenching everything.

I came, a gasping, grateful gust of air mixing with my gyrating hips. I rocked back and forth painfully, paying for every inch inside of my pussy, and still shaking with the quake of the climax.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

The machine switched off, and I couldn't feel anything below my belly button. I had been so thoroughly ravaged that my thighs wouldn't even close, spasming open and shut, open and shut, even as unseen hands pried my deadened muscles from the cage, releasing me gingerly onto the floor.

Piss and cum dripped down from me, soaking my cage and collecting into a pool of piss spreading out from the base of the Sybian. I was dropped gently to the ground, crumpling like a rag doll in front of everyone, still twitching as something inside of my pussy still reacted to the intensity of the fucking machine.

I just lay there, shaking, feeling the piss on my body, the little clumps of cum that clung to different parts of me, sticky like crusted glue on parts of my nubile body.

"There you go baby, clean it up," Tiffany cooed.

My face was pressed to the floor, and still I opened my mouth, my tongue licking at the ground where the overflow spread across the tile. I lapped at it like a puppy drinking from her bowl, without the ability to actually swallow. I just kept tasting it on my tongue, though at this point any revulsion was gone.

There was no resistance, no fight left in me.

No Karen.

Only Kaykay, and even she was barely registering what had happened.

Tiffany stood over me, hiking up her skirt and showing everyone her bare pussy. Her heels splashed a small ripple of urine onto my tits before she let loose, her steady stream falling down onto my face, as though she was marking me as hers.

I left my mouth open absently, not able to swallow, letting the pool collect in my mouth until filled to the brim, the excess running down my throat and towards my breasts.

The last sliver of my psyche had been broken down to a new depth, plummeting me to a new low that drained every negative feeling, letting everything, all that pride, shame, and desire wash away in this mixture of piss and cum. And I knew my old self was gone forever.

There was only Kaykay.

An empty-head puppy.

A desperate vessel of sex needing only to be filled with cum

I was so completely broken.

So much so that I didn't dare spit her pee out, even when Mommy had finished marking me.

She looked down and I fixated on her breasts, hidden by her blouse and yet so big that her irises seemed to gaze around them, looking down at me with a small smirk of satisfaction. It was cold, callous, but I knew I had pleased her.

"Good girl," Mommy said. "Such a good girl. Now swallow one last time."

It took two tries, the first nearly convincing me I was going to throw up right there. But I managed to force down every last drop, showing my tongue like a panting dog.

That's where she left me, alone in the office's kitchen, laying in a pool of piss and cum. Throughout the rest of the day, I stayed that way, wallowing in my filthy perversion, an available urinal for every man who came into the office.

Good Girl - Day 07
bysecondsamuel©

To Rachel - already more than a muse. I hope you are pleased, maybe even more than once ;)

Author's Note: Before the recap, let me say thanks to the fans who asked me to finish this series after three years. It's been crazy fun writing an escalating seven-part story that involves pet play, watersports, cuckolding, humiliation, and incest.

Caught cheating, Karen (Kay-Kay) has been convinced to live as a puppy for one week. During Day One, she is used as a pet by her husband Scott (Daddy). On Day Two, Scott lets co-workers from her office in on Karen's plight, particularly a busty secretary named Tiffany (Mommy). On Day Three, Kaykay was forced to please Mommy in front of the entire office.

Taken home after Day Four, KayKay was used as a fluffer while her husband fucked Tiffany in front of her. At the office, things got more extreme on Day Five, when she was fucked in a specially ordered dog cage by everyone in her office.

When we last left Kaykay, she had been caged and fucked for hours on a Sybian, all the while wearing a plastic dog cone and treated as a urinal.

The floor was cold and wet, but at least I could no longer smell the stale urine. It coated over every inch of me, my skin clammy, shivering. My puppy ears, my collar, my tail-shaped butt plug were all glistening with the combination of cum and piss that spread over every inch of skin.

I had been taken.

Abused in the worst possible way, nearly drowned in urine while a dildo strapped to a sex machine roared away inside my desperate pussy.

And now I was empty. All that pain, desire, longing, and fear had been sucked right out of me, creating a euphoria unlike anything I'd ever felt before this week started. I was content in my place, all too eager to please, all too grateful for the sexual attention.

It had all started when I'd sent nude pictures to a coworker, for some reason needing to obey every request he typed. The first step had revealed so much about who I really was, deep down beneath the posturing and preening.

I had been a sexy, stuck-up petite blonde with a great body, small tits, and that girl next door vibe.

God, if my parents could see me now. I'd gone to a private Christian school for high school, where my mom ran everything from the bake sale to the strictly supervised prom. It was a close-knit well-to-do community with strict standards, but even the church was not as uptight as my dad.

He'd stopped speaking to my sister after catching her having sex with a boyfriend.

Up until this week, I'd lived my life almost perfectly in line with their Puritanical standards. Sure, I'd let a few boyfriends use their hands, and I regularly sucked Scott before marriage. Of course, I'd had more urges and I knew Scott enjoyed pornography, especially as our sex life withered. But instead of doing anything about it, I focused on my career, thinking I was happy.

After all, I had been a successful realtor, a happily married thirty-something with the world at my feet.

That was all gone.

And it was never coming back.

How could I go back when the office had seen me dressed up as a puppy, complete with a butt plug tail and passed around the room for a gang bang? How could I go back to having any dignity now that the secretary was now openly fucking my husband? How could I work with a group of men who took turns pissing down my throat until my belly nearly burst with a mixture of their urine and cum?

They left me lying on the kitchen floor, drenched and delirious. Over the next few hours, I would manage to sleep a few times from sheer exhaustion. Men would trail in, some of them strangers, waking me regularly by relieving themselves on my face. One even stroked himself over my naked body, not letting my filthy body near him, but shooting his cum onto my head.

It stuck in my hair, where the puppy-like pigtails were coming undone.

The rest of the day fades. I was led outside the office at night and rinsed off in the parking lot with a hose. I shook myself dry like a puppy then my husband and Tiffany took me home. I lay docile in the back seat, watching glass-eyed as the buxom brunette sucked my husband as he drove us home, smiling stupidly to myself as the secretary continued to cuckold me in our car.

They coddled me the rest of the evening, feeding me from the table, stroking my hair, then Tiffany led me into the bedroom. I was given a proper bath, though the entire time I stayed in my submissive state, allowing my new Mommy to tease my clit with a warm washcloth.

When she drained the tub, I walked out on my hands and knees. She patted the bed, and I laid with them in the fetal position, watching with my paws up as my husband stripped her naked, too exhausted to resist.

Her breasts were so much larger than mine, her body perfectly curvy, her ass perfect as he bent her over on the bed. I could barely move, my entire being was spent, my pussy sore from the machine fucking me.

The thought of screaming for them to stop never occurred to me.

Not when he bent her hips over the bed.

Not when he entered her from behind, his thick dick pushing into her like it had so many times before.

It seemed so perfectly natural, no more than that. It was everything that I'd ever wanted. He deserved her, she deserved him, and I deserved to lay in the fetal position, stupefied through my submission, watching as her breasts bounced back and forth from the effort of each thrust.

"God, fuck! You are so big Daddy," Tiffany said. "I don't know why you didn't drain him dry every day. I can't get enough of your cock!"

I didn't either. The skittish, sexually demur, prim and proper career woman I used to be had such warped priorities. Karen spent her nights scouring the market, looking for the new deal when she could have been fucked any way she wanted. Only now that I had been deprived and demeaned, publically and thoroughly, did I recognize what I'd had.

Only through being denied and abused was I really able to appreciate my husband's sexualilty, his ability especially early on in our relationship to fuck the fridgity out of me. I didn't want to go back, not really. Sure I cringed at the wasted time, but this submission offered me something more... the opportunity to be everything I'd ever suppressed.

And now he was gone, his cock buried deep in his new girlfriend every night while I watched in wide-eyed rapture at the stunning sex I was no longer capable of having with him.

Part of me wondered now that he was fucking Mommy, now that I had been used as a sexual object for anyone he wanted, how I could ever compare to the unsullied goddess he slept with every night. But it was so small, a bare, unheard cry of womanhood that barely registered with my now submissive state.

More and more, I was truly Kaykay.

Truly submissive.

I knew in my heart that he might never fuck me again. He could keep me this way, suspended comfortably between beauty and beast, a cruel pastiche, a parody of a puppy designed to please every chauvinistic male instinct while robbing me of any semblance of dignity.

And I wouldn't just accept it...

I would relish in my new role, craving every suck and swallow of cum and piss, opening my vagina and asshole to any man he wanted, yipping and pleading all the way.

Whatever it took to be his... no... to be theirs.

Because Daddy and Mommy belonged together.

It was so evident watching them. Daddy pulled on her hair, gathering it into a ponytail he drew back. Her thin shoulders drew back, the blades visible on her frame as she arched her back, forcing her wide bottom back against his dick.

"Fuck, just like that," Mommy said. "Keep going, I'm about to cum...."

She looked at me, her head resting down on the bed so that we were nearly the same position. Only she could get up, she could speak, she could cum...

I would not... never again unless Mommy gave me permission.

"I'm going to cum Kaykay," Mommy said. "This is my cock now."

Then her eyes fluttered open and shut. Her moans made my face flush as I remembered what it had been like to feel Daddy inside of me when I was a woman. I thought wistfully of that first night, when he'd fucked my face into the carpet, stained with my own urine.

It seemed so long ago.

I had been so innocent then. Now that violation seemed quaint by comparison.

"Come here Kaykay," Mommy said. "I want to lick your kitty."

"Arf?"

The bark came out almost confused. This wasn't the way things worked. I never just received pleasure anymore. It seemed like something reserved for sexual partners rather than submissive pets.

But I didn't dare disobey. I crawled awkwardly on the bed, the tail smacking against my ass. I lay down in front of her, still in the fetal position, opening my leg to accommodate my mistress.

"On your back silly doggie," Mommy said, breathing heavily as he continued fucking her.

I adjusted, squirming awkwardly, not acting in any way like an actual person. It caused the butt plug to shift uncomfortably inside my bottom, not that it mattered. I was so accustomed to the tail being inserted and jostled inside of me that I felt naked and empty without it.

I leaned back, the padded leather paws on my wrists reaching up to the ceiling as she moved my legs apart.

And for the first time, I felt another woman's tongue on my clit.

It was a sharp stab of electricity at first, my pussy was still in a semi-refractory state. It always excited me to be treated like this. Every second of my life was consumed with sexual anticipation. But the week had taken its toll on my tender body, my knees, my thighs, my elbows, all of it seemed to ache, waiting for that painful pleasure to overcome all other feelings.

In little twitches and tingles, her tongue flicked over my pussy, playing with me as my husband drove deeper inside of her. At times it was too intense, and yet I didn't dare beg. The attention, so sweet and loving compared to what happened earlier, drove me wild with feelings of appreciation. Mommy came again, her hips shaking as I watched him drive hard into her ass. She reached up, grabbing my petite breasts, squeezing hard on my nipples and twisting, causing me to let out a shrieking bark of pain and twisted pleasure.

God how she could use me...

She kept me right on the edge, clearly toying with my orgasm. Her climaxes usually came with a relaxed attention to having sex with me, not that she needed to announce or beg to cum.

We were not equals.

She was Mommy and I was her pet.

That's how it would always be.

I knew it turned her own to see me so clingy and desperate.

"Arf! Arf! Arf!"

"Not yet my pet," Mommy said, denying my request to cum.

I bit down on my lip, forcing down my orgasm. I arched my neck, rising up on my shoulders, then saw Daddy, my husband pulling nearly all the way out. He looked at me, making eye contact and for the first time acknowledging my presence. His eyes were smoldering black embers of pure lust, completely consumed with the wide bubble butt in front of him.

"I want her to clean it up," Daddy said, before shoving himself back inside of Mommy.

"Oh god, yes. Let's make her our little clean up bitch," She cooed. "Do it Daddy, cum all over my ass. Kaykay wants a taste of your cum."

Daddy picked up the pace, using his strong hands to pull Mommy as he fucked her.

Did she cum? I couldn't really tell, but after a few more thrusts that brought him nearly to the end, my husband pulled out, spraying his load all over her ass. She quickly switched, angling her ass over me, the trails of cum already starting to drip.

I didn't even hesitate.

My tongue lapped at her round checks with large, doggy-licks. I savored the taste of my husband's cum, not remembering the last time I had actually tasted him. Tiffany had been the one who had milked him dry, the woman he really wanted. I was his sex toy, a party favor to be passed around with a hushed whisper of disbelief.

"That tickles!" Mommy said.

I went back for every last drop, making sure that I had coated her bottom with my saliva. I devoured every drop with a wild abandon. I was desperate to cum and dedicated to whatever task they had for me.

So I was surprised to hear the reprimand.

"You missed a spot," Mommy said. "Daddy left some cum right on my hole."

I instantly knew what she wanted.

And I obeyed.

I had been so broken that I greedily started licking at my owner's asshole.

Mommy let out a loud moan as I dove my nose in between her ass cheeks. I'd never even thought about analingus before. A week ago the very thought would have struck me as gross and vile. Now, I lapped at her eagerly, turning and darting my tongue up her tight little hole. It was harder than eating pussy, more difficult to breathe, but I kept going, ignoring my basic needs to please her.

Mercifully, she was completely clean, not tasting sweet like her pussy, almost earthy. Of course, I didn't have any reluctance left to exploit, but the submissive nature of the act soon put my eager sex into overdrive.

"Oh god, she's good..." Mommy said.

"Well you know how dogs are," Daddy retorted. "Always sniffing butts..."

But Mommy wasn't listening. Her hand drifted down to her pussy, moving around her clit to masturbate herself.

"Don't stop, don't stop little slut, right there, Mommy's so..."

She rocked, her cheeks smacking against my face. Mommy stayed in that position, making me continue eating her ass. I struggled for air as she sat on my face, doing the only thing I could. I lapped breathlessly at her tender rosebud.

Arched over In nearly a sixty-nine position, she reached down, using her pinkie finger to tease my clit.

At first, it was torturous, barely enough pressure to stimulate me. I bucked my hips, trying to draw out more pleasure.

Then it happened, the beginning sensations striking me below the stomach almost at once. I was ready, and yet...

I had to beg.

The three successive barks came out muffled by Mommy's cheeks, leading to callous chuckle from my owners.

"Go ahead and cum," Daddy said.

I shook, letting my climax happen on command, my face burying itself even deeper into Tiffany's asscrack as I rode out one last, desperate orgasm.

And in one more act of mercy, I was allowed to sleep on the bed.

At their feet.

*****

I didn't know it was Saturday. Not at least until the routine changed. They slept in, while I waited as long as possible to wake them with a bark. Then they led me outside on a lease to relieve myself in the backyard.

I tried to follow them back in, but Mommy instructed me to stay. So I lay out in the sun, wearing only my butt plug, my knee pads, my padded gloves, my puppy ears, and of course my collar, with the words bitch-slut engraved on the cheap rhinestone heart. I sunbathed, then I drifted off to sleep.

I continued like this despite the fact I sensed peering eyes from beyond the fence. It could have been anyone. Our nosy neighbors, or Connor, their college kid who had been all too happy to spank me. It didn't matter. There was a delight in showing myself off, in letting each new person see exactly the pitiful needy slut I had become.

I had forgotten about my audience, content to chase around a dragonfly when I heard the screen door open.

"Oh my god, she's still doing it?"

I looked around, seeing my sister Madison standing in our backyard next to Daddy and Mommy. She looked a lot like me, except with dyed platinum hair and breasts that were sized somewhere between mine and Tiffany's. Growing up she had always been the wild child in our family, able to use her looks to overcome every obstacle.

It had been such a shock that she and dad had stopped speaking. Usually she had him wrapped around her finger. Of course, things were better now, but we were never too close. Sometimes the roles played out in even our underdeveloped years adopt a sort of permanence, turning us into actors doomed to the same age-old parts.

As a teenager, I remember being so jealous of my bratty younger sister. I couldn't quite admit it, but she was beautiful. Her body developed quicker than mine, and more fully. She had always been less serious, content to bask in the attention from boys, to spend the weeks partying and playing around. Madison had never really grown up, opting to work as a waitress where she always seemed to need money.

I'd helped her out once, and never let her forget it.

I hadn't been surprised that Madison delighted in my new role. She'd been a big part of humiliation early on in the week, taking the opportunity to rub in my status as a sort of revenge for all those years of being the golden child.

A wicked sneer of sick satisfaction spread all over her beautiful face. She squatted down, holding me by the chin, making me look her in the eyes.

"So this is you now, huh? If only Dad could see you now... he'd be so proud."

The thought brought me out of my subspace for a moment. My sister was one thing, but having Mom and Dad know seemed too far.

But I willed myself back, forgetting the taunt.

"Arf," I said softly.

I reddened at her mocking laugh.

"Jesus Christ Scott, you really made her your bitch," Madison said, her almost neon white hair swishing as she moved.

Was she deliberately trying to swish her ass when she walked, or had I just been sexualized to such a point that even my sister looked sexy? But there she was, dressed like a model, staring me right in the face, making me want to bury my head under that white miniskirt.

She was four inches taller than me, the stereotypical blonde where as I was a little more bookish, prudish, and full of myself. We'd never really gotten along. I'd lorded my life over her, gossiping about her failures to our parents, acting like I was always superior.

It's hard sometimes getting over high school. I'd taken care of her. Still... there was something never right between us. There had been a sort of peace, but earlier in the week she had shown her true bitterness about how our lives had turned out.

And now she had all the power to make things even

I always had been responsible, and it was exhausting. This week was so much easier, so much more natural. Soon it didn't matter that it was my sister seeing me naked again, throwing a stick around the yard for me to fetch, patting my bare butt and telling me what a good girl I was. I had disappeared into my status.

I wish I could say it was logical, or that I even thought about it.

After all, Madison had already seen me covered in cum, my face shoved in a toilet bowl full of urine.

But that didn't enter my mind at the moment. Right then, it was all about the stick, the grass between my knees, wet and covered in dew. The glee at my free pussy, my barely moving breasts and perpetually hardened nipples. Everything was just the moment, transcendent and eternal in its soothing acceptance. It bore a strange parallel to reaching a religious state, almost animist or hallunciatory at times, creating a connection exposed almost entirely by shamans or spirit guides.

It was just the beginning...

I evaporated into Kaykay like the droplets of water in the ground. At one point stopping our little game of fetch to nearly absently let my bladder loose in the grass, almost proudly as I knew that now I would not bother my Daddy or Mommy by clawing at the door to get out or peeing on the carpet.

They made me do that sometimes, whining at the door, soaking the carpet or newspaper in the bathroom with my urine. Outside I was free, able to go without being dependent, careless as to the witnesses around us on the block.

But I'd forgotten about my sister.

Madison burst out laughing, the sound bleating against my ears, burning the sides of my face red. Yet I couldn't stop, the pitter patter of urine splashing down my thighs, forcing me to scoot myself against the grass to clean myself with the morning raining.

Madison was nearly doubled over at the side of her older sister scooting like a bitch in heat across the grass.

"Holy fuck Scott, we have to show them," Madison said.

"I really don't know about this," My husband said. "It seems too far."

"What else are we going to do?" Tiffany said. "I think she needs it."

Whatever it was, if they wanted to fuck me in front of Madison or swallow more urine with my face in a dog cone, I would do it. I needed to cum. It was a side-effect of being fully immersed for so long.

I was so turned on that I didn't even feel a twinge of shame when my thoughts drifted to my sister's pussy.

I wondered if they would make me taste it.

I imagined what it would be like to have tongue nestled against her clit.

If I would only be allowed to cum after breaking this final last taboo.

If I could have spoken, not like they both so often commanded, but with my real voice, I would have begged Scott to fuck us both.

But I would have been content to watch my husband fuck my pretty baby sister. I would have licked his balls and ate his ass while he drove into Madison, causing her to cum over and over again with the cock I hadn't appreciated enough. I would have cleaned out her cunt with my tongue, swallowing secondhand. She could have held my head, my tongue lapping up my sister's sloppy seconds until orgasm. Then I would have cleaned my husband's cock, tasting her pussy on my breath for the next hour.

He wouldn't even have to let me cum.

I knew I would obey, waiting impatiently, trying in vain to work against my own disobedience. Because I knew I was the kind of needy bitch who had humped the carpet to satisfy my constant libido. I wanted them to start, to not leave me rapturous the rest of the day for whatever might happen.

Then I snapped back to the conversation, I'd only been picking up words here and there.

"Is it really fair to them though?" Scott asked.

"You have to think about Kaykay," Tiffany said. "She's so naturally submissive, like to an extreme. I mean any reasonable person would have stopped this."

"Yeah..."

"Scott, seriously, I'm a professional, well I was," Tiffany said. "This is the last thing I can think of. I didn't know that this would be her reaction."

"I've told you about them," Madison said. "What's it matter? Besides, this seems pretty permanent. You really think she's just going to decide to suddenly have dignity again?"

That should have hurt, but I just wagged the tail logged in my ass, wanting attention.

"Well if you both are sure..." Scott said.

"She needs this freedom," Tiffany said. "There's no going back."

Then Tiffany beamed excitedly.

"And... I think she needs one last thing," Tiffany said.

"Oh it'll be so fucking precious," Madison said, moving toward me.

She reached down, grabbing me behind the ears, shaking me roughly.

"Isn't that right girl?" Her voice was in a demeaning baby talk. "This is who you are now? Who's a good girl? Who's a good girl?"

"Arf!"

Tiffany went inside, returning with the vibrator, handing it to Madison.

"Here you go, everything else I need is already packed up."

My sister patted her leg, making kisses noising to coax me on the toy.

And like I had so many times with Mommy, I humped my sister's legs, not caring that I was actually using my sister to bring me to the edge. Awkwardly, I grinded my pussy against her, until I barked three times, aching to cum.

Then she stopped, leaving me wound up and willing to do anything.

Absolutely anything to cum.

*****

They led me to the car nude in broad daylight. Though I didn't really notice, they were sort of screening me. I think many of our neighbors already knew what was going on, especially since I had immodestly relieved myself in the front yard in full view of the street yesterday. But while I couldn't care about arrest, my owners were cautious.

Madison was in the back seat with me, the movement of the car quickly lulling me into a state of absolute relaxation. I had no idea where we were going, that didn't really matter. I knew what Daddy and Mommy wanted, I would gleefully submit to sate my tingling pussy.

I heard them talking quietly over the radio, not entirely able to follow the conversation as the hum of the engine reached into my brain. The fatigue from days of crawling on my hands and knees hit me all at once, and my eyelids started to drop...

"Come here Kaykay," Madison said, spreading her legs a little.

I was looking directly at my sister's crotch, her panties panties peeking out from her skirt. I wondered what she wanted me to do, obsessed as I was with everything sexual no matter how forbidden or wrong. I laid my head down gently on her upper thighs, so close to her pussy, steading myself for another spilling of abuse.

But Madison was sweet.

Her hand went to my temple, her fingers running concentric lines under my pigtails, soothing me.

"Shhh...." She said. "It's going to be okay. We are going to have so much fun..."

It felt so nice. My eyes fluttered then dropped into a light sleep, waking only with the lurch of the car, only to fall back asleep.

In and out of consciousness, I heard the voices of my new family.

"You can't break the scene," Mommy said. "We already talked about this."

"There's someone there," Scott said.

"What's he going to do? Call the police?" Madison said. "If they believe the call, by the time they get here, we'll be twenty miles down the road."

"Okay, okay you're right," Scott said. "Let's go KayKay."

I got up to my hands and knees, shaking like a wet dog to wake myself. I looked out the window, seeing that dusk was already settling. I wondered how long we'd been driving, it must have been hours. But the only way I could really tell was by the tightening of my bladder, full and ready to explode at any second.

I didn't hesitate when the door opened, completely unaware of my surroundings, I bounded out awkwardly, focused on getting my padded knees and hands onto the ground. Even with the gloves and knee pads, crawling on the concrete was hard, and I was glad that I only needed to move a few feet before I was comfortably in the grass.

It was one of those public roadside rest areas with a bathroom and a few picnic tables. I didn't even check for cars, not caring who saw me humiliate myself. I scampered quickly into the grass, spreading my legs and starting to spray.

The first trickle came out when I heard the man speak.

"What in the hell...."

I turned, the stream stopping suddenly as I felt hot breath on my rump. I turned and looked behind my shoulders, my pigtails flapping as I saw a man in the process of doing the exact same thing, pulling his dog back as he tried to sniff my ass.

Like we were equals.

No, not equals. The doberman was supposed to be a good dog. He needed to be fed and walked. I had completely debased my nature, and now could feel the cold, questioning eyes of this larger black man. I didn't dare look up, trying to squeeze my legs shut and ignore the now even more desperate need to let the rest of the urine spray down.

The droplets dribbled down my leg, reminding me of what I was doing as I waited for the judgment of this stranger. He turned, starting to walk away when I saw that Madison waltz up to him, my sister's face contorted into this wicked grin.

"Do you like my pet?" She asked.

"Lady..." He looked over her shoulder. "Christ, I don't know what you bitches are up to."

"She's the only bitch," Madison said.

"I truly doubt that," the man said.

And as if to argue against him, another jet stream came flooding out my pussy. This time I was determined to let everything out. If we needed to run, I wanted to be able to make it without pissing in the back seat.

I no longer even really considered the consequences. I hadn't made any decisions in days. And now with danger pressing in there was this strange reassurance in not having to answer any of the hard questions or worry about what would happen to me.

Now I only needed to pee, and if I could, I would. It didn't matter that my sister was arguing with some middle-aged stranger watching it happen. .

Everything would be fine, just so long as I could finish.

Was this marking my territory?

"Do you like her?"

"What?" The man said.

"Do you like my puppy? I mean, do you want to fuck her?" Madison had an edge in her voice.

"I don't..."

"She's kind of hot though, right?" Madison said. "I mean I know I'm prettier, but I'm not going to fuck you. She will. Right now if I tell her too, would you like that?"

"God damn..." He let the vowels linger in the curse. "I don't think I should. A girl like that..."

I didn't know which was worse, being offered up like this without my consent or having the man refuse. My pussy was still in its perpetual said of erotic dispair, needy and desperate. I would have let him mount right there without any hesitation, pushing my hips into the not yet dry puddle of urine in the grass.

"She'll suck you," Madison said. "That might be quicker."

A little out a small growl, not because I wasn't willing.

I wanted his cock. I wanted to cum. I had been trained over this week to do anything, no matter how vile, but I still wanted more than just to suck.

"Here, I'll lead her in front of our car, so no one will be able to see from the road," Madison said, pulling on my collar.

Of course I had been peeing in front of the passing highway traffic, I just hadn't noticed or cared.

I knelt next to the passenger side, looking for Daddy and Mommy. They had already used the restroom and returned inside the car. Part of me waited for one of them to do something, to step in and stop my sister from forcing me to suck a stranger. But if they noticed, neither made any sign from the front seat.

"Are you coming or what?" Madison called.

The man shrugged his heavy shoulders, coming into a trot with the big, black dog trailing behind him. And then like two pet owners, they exchanged leashes, Madison leading the doberman a few feet away.

My lead just remained limp in his hand. He didn't have Madison's natural instinct for controlling me. He let the line slack, moving close, then reaching one hand down to his pants.

He pulled out through his zipper. Even soft, half hidden by his pants, it dwarfed anything I'd ever seen before. It was thick and long, almost shiny in color, seeming to glisten as he moved it closer to me.

My mouth was open, my tongue panting, wanting more than just to suck.

I had the chance to look up, seeing Mommy seated in the passenger seat. She looked down at me for a second, smiling before returning to her phone.

Then he shoved his cock into my mouth. It slapped across the lips first until I could actually fit the flaccid mammoth in between my lips. My mouth was stretched open beyond what I'd ever taken and yet I managed to relax, closing my eyes and focusing on swallowing as much as I could.

He grew in my mouth, choking me. I nearly coughed him up, but somehow remained steady. I struggled, the head of his cock restricting my airways as I tried to breathe around him. I managed to take more and more, until every swollen piece of flesh was jammed down the back of my throat.

"Damn.." He said.

The lead pulled at my throat, and I started bobbing on his cock. He pulled out and I gasped for air, barely breathing before he shoved it back inside again. He held me by the checks, fucking my mouth. Then one hand moved to the back of my neck, driving me faster and faster as my entire world became the effort to breathe around the monstrous cock ravaging my poor little throat.

"Are you close?" Madison said.

"I'm about to nut... just give me a second..."

"Kaykay, don't you swallow," Madison said. "Don't spit either. I want to see. I want to see what this big, brutal cock has done to my bitch of a sister."

"Sister?" The man asked, confused and probably turned on.

He gave it another thrust, then began to twitch in my mouth, stopping his bucking with my snout buried in his waist. He held me in place, giving one last pump as the first jolt of cum spilled into my throat, choking me. But there was nowhere to go. He pulled back a little, streams of semen flooding into my mouth.

Some of it I accidently swallowed, but I could taste the cum mixed with the musk of his cock, the white gobs mixed with my spittle into a large pool.

I didn't dare disobey, Madison wasn't my owner, but she was a person.

I wasn't.

The cock popped out of my mouth, with a little dobs of cum on the tip.

"Show me Kaykay," Madison said, moving closer.

I tilted my head back, opening to gargle for her. Madison left me like that for a few seconds, watching gleefully as the cum dribbled onto my lips, a droplet falling down on my breasts.

I was straining, trying to obey, but I couldn't keep it up forever. More than anything I just wanted to swallow.

"Good girl," Madison said. "Go ahead, eat!"

And as I gulped down the cum, I thought about a dog with a bone placed on her nose, waiting for permission to eat it.

This was my position in life...

"Now clean off the rest," Madison said.

Dutifully I obeyed, licking like a puppy at the head of his cock.

"Now speak puppy! Let him know you're grateful."

This was harder. Weird I know, seeing as I had just sucked a stranger dry. But somehow it was much more difficult as I actually had to do something to demonstrate my role.

"Arf..." I murmured.

"You aren't being a bad girl, are you?" Madison said.

I swallowed hard, but I managed to bellow out her request.

"ARF!"

"Good girl," Madison said.

They switched leads, the now nervous looking man scurrying off, unable to even make eye contact as we all returned to our cars and left the rest stop. After a few miles, Daddy pulled us into McDonalds drive-thru as I lay in my sister's lap thinking nothing would happen.

We'd already been handed our food when my sister made a request.

"Pull up a little..." Madison asked Scott.

She rolled down the window, and the cashier, a twenty-something stoner looked on, at first not really noticing me naked and crouched down.

But it got worse.

"Sit up Kaykay,"

I had to look at him, seeing his jaw drop as I showed off my naked breasts.

Madison took out her straw, then made an abortive attempt to balance on my nose, lasting for only a moment before she gave up.

"Have a good night!"

Daddy drove us away in a hurry.

Madison let me eat chicken nuggets out of her hand, petting me as we kept driving. Finally we came to a stop, without me having any clue where we'd gone.

Until the car door opened...

We had driven most of the day, halfway across the state to my parent's house.

I came back then. Full, alert Karen reared back on her hind legs, unwilling to take another step in the lawn she had run around as a child, all too aware that my only sister held my lead. I tried to use my hands to pull at my lease, only failing to yank because of the puppy mittens on the end of my hands.

Otherwise I would have broken out of this cruel character.

I couldn't imagine being displayed like this in front of my brother and parents. It was something beyond my wildest imagination, a step too far that would impact the rest of my life. Being caught and displayed like this came with an overwhelming permanence that would follow me no matter where I went. My family would know the depth of my depraved soul, forcing me into a fixed beta role beneath everyone else in my life.

I couldn't

I wouldn't.

But I did.

I didn't have the willpower to resist my sister. I wish I could have said it was because she already knew everything about what my husband had done to me this week. That there was some underlying excuse of blackmail to justify my willingness to walk on my hands and knees into my parent's house, bareass naked, determined to act like a sexual puppy.

I wish I had fought.

I didn't have resistance in me anymore. But I found I had remorse, shame, and the tiniest shivel of modesty left for them to take. Everything had to belong to Daddy and Mommy, and even to Sissy if that's what she chose to become.

Because days ago, something inside of me had snapped, already deciding that I was better off giving in completely. That part of me that said no died the second the office secretary shoved my head down into a toilet bowl of her urine, making me cum with her rough fingers...

No, not quite then.

Maybe the first day, when my husband fucked my face into the carpet stained and still steaming with my own urine. I came like then, and I kept cumming, attuning my body to the cutting pleasure of perpetual shame.

The worst part was waiting at the door, each second pounding reality against my brain, both telling me to run while reminding me that it was already too late. No matter what happened, Daddy and Mommy would make my real parents know what I had become. It was not only inevitable, but somehow even natural, because there was no way of hiding anymore.

Still, I'll never forget the look on my Dad's face when he opened the door.

Or how my mother shrieked and cried when Madison led me past my gape-jaw father, his face twisted in a white-hot rage that refused to be articulated.

I burned, wilted and died then.

The bitch of it was me.

I should have been sorry or shamed. I should have done something other than follow my Sissy through the living room to park myself in front of the couch where my brother sat, his eyes glued to the football game.

For the last time, I waited for my life as I knew it to be over.

Not that I was conscious of that or any other grand epiphany of what my existence had become. I didn't have the wherewithal or the emotional resonance to focus on what this might actually mean tomorrow. These days had broken me.

Honestly, looking back, I'm glad it went this far, making me over so brutally, so definitely. As for the past, I can only feel sorry for me.

For the time I wasted pretending to be someone I'm not.

Now I have three holes that don't belong to me, to be used by anyone.

Now I don't pretend.

I wasn't happier before, not in that last moment before my brother looked as though he might have died and gone to heaven. He was so much younger, nearly a stranger, barely nineteen and clearly as horny as every other kid his age. His eyes went up and down my body, naked except for my puppy gear, my ass waving at him with the tail shaped butt plug.

What else really could I do but embrace my role, what I had become, to dive face-first and wallow in my squalid submission?

I presented myself to my brother before even realizing what I was doing. Micah's eyes seemed to burn into me, looking through my pussy into my nearly empty soul, watching the last moment of my true transformation

I don't know why I decided to lay at his feet. Maybe it was the feeling in the pit of my stomach as I heard the yells coming from the other room.

"I'll get the cops," my dad said, going for his phone.

"Oh come on Daddy," Madison continued. "What is it? Not so much fun now that it's her you catch naked?"

"Maddy!" Mom screamed.

"See she's even worse! She crawled in her just like this, ready to let anyone fuck her," Madison said. "Kind of puts fucking my boyfriend into perspective huh?"

"That's enough, I can't believe you would," He looked down at me, his eyes waiting, lingering a little on my breasts. "Your own sister..."

I hunched over my ass in the air, face planted in the carpet so that I didn't have to see the sweltering heat from my Dad's jaw as he pressed the phone to his face. It was all crashing down, the police would come, and then...

I realized I didn't even know what. I couldn't imagine even walking upright. Would they carry my prone, restrained body to the car? Would I end up in some psych ward, where orderlies force fed libido pills down my throat to keep the clothes on my desperate body?

But I never even thought about speaking.

I just wanted Scott to take me home, point forever proved. He owned me and everyone knew. But in that spark, a person appeared, a weak fragment of Karen again worried about what others thought. A last barrier for my body...

I took a deep breath, wondering how far it would have to go.

He couldn't actually make them fuck me.

They wouldn't.

Already I knew better about my own mental state. I'd already spent the day slobbering over my sister. Micah always seemed desperate enough, the fair looks my sister and I had not quite rubbed off the right way on his slender figure. I couldn't remember him ever having a girlfriend, though by the time he was a teenager I'd been out of the house for years.

Only I was imagining him in spite of myself, and not just the accidental way a nasty thought pops into your head. I was so horny, so submissive that I actually wanted my brother's cock. And I hated myself most of all for still having this sense of shame, in spite of everything that I had done to completely debase myself.

I never even considered it wrong to imagine my own brother pounding into me...

"She'll go to jail," Madison said. "Come on Daddy, it's what she wants. She wants us to do whatever we want to her. The more fucked-up the better."

"Wait... she wants to do this? It's not like a dare?" Micah said stupidly.

My father paused on the phone, my heart beating in my chest as I waited for the hammer to fall.

"Not at all," Tiffany said. "It's just the exhibitionist expression of Kaykay's sexual identity. I'm actually a little sorry to bring you into it..."

"I'm not," Scott said, suddenly steely.

My Dad had actually said no when Scott asked permission to propose.

He didn't trust Scott's walk with the lord...

Tiffany kept going.

"She just needs everyone to know," Tiffany said. "Honestly, in all the years I've worked as a dom, I've never seen anyone submit like this. I know it seems strange to you, but she actually needs this."

"Needs it?" Dad bellowed, a line stretching in his neck.

"No one made her do this," Tiffany said. "Right now, she just wants to be fucked. She doesn't care who. In fact, she thinks it's important for you to know that. Don't you girl?"

I obeyed, softly.

"Arf..."

"See? Watch, Kaykay would like to be a person?"

I began softly growling before I even realized it.

"Tomorrow Kaykay, will you still want to be a puppy?"

"Arf."

"Don't worry too much. Maybe she can pretend to be a person on Christmas, birthdays, special events. But that's what it will be. Pretend. Normally I wouldn't wish this on anyone's parents, but given some of the comments Madison made about your reaction to her sexuality, I just had to make an exception."

"Get out of my house!" My dad roared.

"You know, I don't think so," Tiffany said. "You huff and puff, but I see you looking at her. You haven't even dialed. Go ahead. We can leave, but that's not really what you want. You fundamentalists are all the same, covering up some deep-seated shit that you think everybody else has."

"I would never-"

But he stammered,

And my sister seized at the moment, taking her shot.

"Did you really always have to spank me bare ass after you caught me?" Madison said.

My father turned beat red.

"Look at your son," Tiffany said. "He's even rubbing it."

Micah covered himself a second later, too late to conceal the gigantic bulge against his shorts. He looked away, waiting for the conversation to twist.

My sister broke the silence.

"Did you think I didn't feel your erection?" Madison said.

She spilled out.

"So what if Micah has one?" Madison continued. "So what if he wants to put his cock in his sister's mouth? You always wanted to fuck your daughter!"

She was shouting, leaving Tiffany to bring it back with her more authoritarian nature.

"It's not uncommon or even a big deal, a lot of people have sexual experiences and fantasies that might shock or disturb another person," Tiffany said. "But it's better to get it out in the open, and leave the judgment out of it."

"How can you..."

"This is how Karen wants to live, she's a cum-hungry puppy. Tell us."

"Arf!"

"Can anyone fuck you?"

This was the moment of truth, my chance to say no and put a stop to the nightmare. But to do so would have shattered reality, making the puppy pretend when I knew that really it was everything of Karen's that I needed to shed.

Tiffany, my new Mommy who embraced this inner slut, made so much sense in how she laid it out. There would be no way of ever hiding this, of pretending that their wonderful, prefect daughter wasn't willing to be used in whatever way her owners decided.

Rip the band-aid off and be done with it.

All while bearing a light on their own hypocrisy.

"Do you want your brother's dick in your mouth?"

"Arf!"

It was becoming easier now...

It was almost over...

"Go ahead," Tiffany said. "You can use my bitch..."

"You're sure?"

Micah looked down at me, unbuttoning his pants.

The real energy was getting onto my knees like a puppy ready for her bone. My paws were in the air, my eyes darting around the room, waiting for the end.

"Micah!"

My mother yelled, but it was too late.

My brother pulled out his cock with an unbelievable speed, almost tripping over his pants around his ankles as he dangled in his long, thin dick in front of my face, the oversized bulb of his head prodding against my face. Before I had time to even think, my mouth reflexively opened to let my baby brother take the last vestige of my broken dignity.

"How are you doing this to your mother?"

Dad said it quietly, already accepting it in his own way.

A single tear blinked out of my eye, and then...

Then all I could think about was my aching cunt, needing attention from the days spent always on the edge. Involuntarily, my thighs shook, anticipating attention that never appeared.

It had been hours since anyone had touched me there, the missed climax from humping my sister's leg still embered between my legs, never clamped down by clothes. I sucked, ignoring that it was my brother's cock in my mouth, slobbering and swallowing the same I would for anyone.

Anything to please my pussy.

"Do you want to spank her too?" Madison asked cruelly. "I mean she's already done so many worse things than me."

My father wasn't actually listening, he was looking on in rapturous attention as I lapped at my brother's balls, letting him stroke his cock all over my nose. Saliva slid all over my mouth, drool and pre-cum drenching my lips.

Then he plunged back in, the length of his cock near choking me.

"Either you can spank her, or I will," Scott said. "And I will be much harder."

He gave my dad a little push, until he was taking tentative steps, inching forward. I could sense his hand rearing back. Then I waited, wondering if he would actually do it.

THWACK!

THWACK!

THWACK!

The blows came hard and merciless, stinging my ass and causing me to jolt up, my back twisting, my cries muffled by the cock in my mouth.

But I never stopped sucking.

THWACK!

THWACK!

THWACK!

There was a rage to it, both impotent and aroused. My father couldn't stop me, I'd already violated everything he had worked so hard to instill in me, embracing everything he had denied in himself. And this was my gratitude, displaying my pussy in front of him like a bitch in heat, too ignorant or fucked up to care that I came from his cock.

The next slap hit me lower than the others, causing an inhuman scream as he connected with my pussy. There was a pause, cruelest in the anticipation of another blow, then the unspoken decision to again slap my pussy with the full force of his motion.

I had to let go of my brother's cock, letting it flop against my face as the tortorous beating of my desperate sex continued. Smack after smack struck me, switching from ass to pussy with a rapid flurries, his strong hands holding down the small of my back so that no matter how I wriggled or tried to worm away, his punishment still took.

Worst of all, I actually moved my pussy back towards it, seeking out any touch. At points my arousal made even this abuse sensual. It all fueled into this new creature, this pet that overtook everything I had ever been, twisting and turning me into a being of pure lust.

I lost myself in the role.

Eventually, I couldn't take it anymore. I bellowed, weeping into my brother's legs, messy and broken but even more of a puppy than I'd been before.

I don't know where I went, how I managed to take it, or if I could come back.

When it stopped, I could barely even feel anything. Everything, all the emotions, the fear, the pain, the shame all had burned out their bulbs in my brain.

And again, all that was left was arousal.

"Go ahead Daddy, fuck your daughter. Put your dick inside that little puppy. This is it. This is all Kaykay is now, a three holes slut for any man who wants to take her."

"I can't watch this... how can you..."

I heard my mom, distant and unnoticed, unable to stop watching as my father undid his belt, using it to smack me one last time.

THWACK!

Even though it hurt the worst, I barely whimpered, my senses dull even to this lash on my abused pussy.

I presented myself, barely able to feel my sex, not knowing if I could convinced him to fuck me instead. I needed it, even if it hurt, even if it was my own father.

And I knew the worst about myself.

I knew I would trade a lifetime relationship for one orgasm. That my dirtiest needs were now the focal part of my being. I was the nastiest, filthiest, bitch. A true slut, a real whore that deserved every abuse pounded into her ass and pussy.

My dad looked down cock, as if deciding really to do this. I could feel him, his head nestling nearly against the butt plug, moving my tail inside me as he found the part between my legs. I breathed in, one last gasp of air, steadying myself.

And my father was fucking me.

It was clumsy at first, the girthy head fitting in me awkwardly and not quite aligning. He moved, getting a better postion to fuck me doggy-style, transitioning to a quick sharp pounding that barely sated the building desire in my cunt.

There was an awful moment, one last thought from Karen before my pussy took complete control. I think it was only possible from the pain my pussy had endured in the last spank with the belt, which added a battered feeling to the beginning.

It gave me a second to truly realize that I was over...

Then he pounded into me, strong hands holding me by the shoulders, pulling at my pigtails, driving his dick deep inside of me. I wish I could say that I closed my mind to it, pretending that it was anyone else. It would have been better to admit that I had accustomed to any degrading act, that my pussy was just an open, passionless hole.

But it was more than that.

I looked back, seeing my father's eyes mixed with blood curdling angry and arousal. The vile, wrong, disgraceful feelings about being fucked by my real Daddy's dick made my impending orgasm more powerful. I felt like a masturbating teenager again, using the hairbrush or shower head in place of a real toy, knowing I was misusing his dick for my perversion.

The craving new and virile, wrong and somehow natural.

I needed it.

I don't know how they knew, but this last barrier was gone. This part of me that could pretend to be the good girl to anyone I was shattered, gone from the first thrust Daddy put into my battered, spanked red, and fucked sore pussy.

Yes it had been building to this all week. Pieces of my sexual soul were chipped off, not even auctioned away, given freely until it truly didn't matter what happened to me as long I got another orgasm.

I had a second as Karen to realize I would always be the perverted little slut who let her real Dad, not her Daddy, fuck her.

And I was gone, just two holes swallowing not indiscriminately, sucking and fucking because I now coveted any kind of debauchery.

My brother kept me to my task, wrenching me head around by my pigtails, forcing me down on his cock as both of them pumped callously into their kin, no longer caring about anyone's concern...

Almost as lost as me to the world...

I couldn't speak, but I saw Maidson taking pictures and videos, my eyes wide as she moved her phone to get a close-up of my wild eyed stare. Our eyes met, and she really seemed to know me, understanding my new, desperate need to be spoiled.

I tried to arf three times, the words muffled around the cock.

But Sissy knew...

"You already want to cum huh? Close already? Can't get enough of being the family's pet?"

She moved her hand around my throat, my sister crouching down to choke me on my brother's cock.

"God you actually like this? You love this don't you slut?"

And then Sissy addressed Dad, not that I really noticed. I was too busy keeping my legs closed together, trying to clamp down on an impending orgasm I didn't have permission to allow. His hips smashed against mine, driving my tail deep into my ass, but it didn't matter. I was used to being double penetrated in every sexual encounter.

I panted, my sweat mixing into my eyes, dripping down into the drool as I tried desperately to be worth any sexual gratification. I let out another attempt at a bark, this time feeling the pressure, the throbbing grind against my clitoris as I tried to hold back the inevitable.

"This is your favorite daughter? Is this why? Did you know what a desperate, cock hungry doggie Karen was?"

She kept going, let loose years of pent-up agony in one long rant.

"Is it because I wouldn't fuck you? That's right, I'm not the stupid slut, Karen is. Kaykay is. She loves every inch of her Daddy's dick, and you love it too. You always loved looking at your little girls all grown up."

I didn't care.

As long as I got to cum. I would be any sort of slut, so long as I got to breathe. I gasped, choking and nearly retching on my brother's dick. He slid out for a second and before I managed to breathe I coughed up my signal to cum.

"ARF! ARF! Amfmph..."

Micah's dick was back in my mouth, holding me to task even as I tried to violently shake my head in protest. I didn't matter, they held me immobile, only fighting the desperate need to be told to cum.

"Oh I nearly forgot Kaykay," Sissy said, looking into my head. "You can cum."

The next few thrusts inside of me were agony, my pussy not able to accept the order right away. I needed to be ramped up again, I was so close, so on the edge. I managed to move my ass back a little, giving a little more speed to the sound of smacking against my pussy.

I was teetering on the edge of oblivion, nearly there and then...

I exploded, unable to truly shake, rattling in orgasmic ecstasy between the two men in my family as they continued exploiting me without any care for my well-being. It didn't matter, every sense of doubt was quelled instantly by the body's natural response.

I should have been revolted at my release, instead the reluctance doubled down on the eroticism, churning over until my pussy again started to rise with anticipation.

"I'm going to cum," Micah said.

"Don't you dare swallow it," Madison said. "I've been missing out on what your new Mommy and Daddy have been doing to you."

Cum poured into my mouth from my brother's cock, spilling out of the corners of my lips in tiny little white leaks. But by now I was completely used to being treated like this, my mouth was already accustomed to being controlled, my tongue, teeth, and cheeks conditioned to obey even against the overwhelming outpouring of cum.

There was a salty, warm explosion in my mouth, mixing a little with the mess of drool, tears, and spit. My brother thrust down my throat a few more times. I'm sure some of his cum went down with him, forcing me to swallow a little in spite of my deep, overriding desire to obey my owners, which now included my sister.

Or really anyone willing to use their humanity to take me.

Then Micah pulled back, leaving a trail of cum connecting the head of his cock to my lips. With my head bouncing forward, I accidentally brushed against his still sensitive tip, flung forward by the forced of my Daddy's fucking. I connected with my brother's wilting cock awkwardly, smearing a long strand of semen on my nose that clung and flopped back and forth in my vision as my father fucked me.

"I want you to cum in her," Sissy said. "Go ahead and finish like the creep I always knew you were."

Dad didn't protest, he just held me by the thighs, using them for leverage.

"Is it as good fucking her?"

"Yes..."

My father was lost, completely controlled by her raw sexuality. The strange hold that Madison held over me transferred organically to exert the same sort of power over the entire house, all of us too transfixed and horny to do anything but follow her commands.

There was something so unique about her authority. It wasn't like Mommy's sweet and caring nature. Madison was cutting, almost like a rival, using her knowledge of our restrictive past to enact a sort of cruel revenge.

I waited for my father to speak up, to protest or resist, but he was little more than a prop, another piece of flesh to play with in Sissy's cruel game.

"But you want to fuck me right? When I was just 18. When you opened the car door and caught him inside of me?"

He didn't respond except for a grunt, so she asked again.

SIssy was in complete control.

"You didn't really want to spank me. You wanted to fuck me... tell me Daddy!"

"Yes I wanted to fuck you!"

Our Dad looked at Madison and then immediately down at my ass, shying away from those cold steely eyes.

"I know... it was so obvious," Madison said. "And yeah, I was the stupid slut and you were the honor roll student, but Jesus Christ Karen! I would never let our Dad fuck me."

And what offended me most was that she didn't use my real name.

My puppy self was so turned on by the fading taste of cum in my mouth and the way Sissy was dominating my once puritanical father.

She wasn't content to have him admit it. She needed to break us, to twist the knife so that neither could ever pretend or posture again.

"Are you thinking about me now Daddy?"

"Yes..."

"Do you hear that Kaykay? He's inside of you, but he's rather be fucking me."

Then she laughed, cruel and devastating, or at least it would have been, had there been anything left to take from me.

I moaned, my mouth full and yet the noise came out effortlessly.

"She likes it. God I can't believe what family fucking perverts you are. Why don't you join in Mom? Might as well..."

"Madison..."

Mom tried to say something, but the protest was so feeble.

"Take off your dress Mom, or I'm going to email this video to everyone in our church. Kaykay won't mind."

She was right, it was better than everyone knew. But my mother, the fashionable ageless wasp was more concerned with appearances rather than reality.

She had no choice but to obey. No doubt her mind was focus on avoiding becoming the scandal of the church, of being ostracized by herfucked-up incestuous family.

Madison could have shared the video at any point. There was no longer anyone I cared about concealing my life from. And I guess beneath everything else, this proved the point of the evening, permanently marking me as the worst kind of whore.

The video made certain I would always know the truth.

This is what I was really like.

I didn't see my mom stripped down to her underwear and panties at first, reluctant and clutching her breast as though caught naked. I was too busy trying to let out a muffled moan, needing to cum with my mouth full of my brother's semen.

God I was so close.

"Are you even thinking about her Daddy, or are you picturing my tits. How they used to look? They've always been bigger than Kaykay's. Look at hers! They barely move even as you fuck her."

As if to prove her point, she reached out her hand, using her thumb and forefinger to painfully twist each of my nipples in turn. I would have screamed, but I didn't dare lose the cum collected in my mouth.

"Do you want to see my tits again Daddy?"

"God yes..." He breathed, suddenly forgetting to fuck me as Madison's hands went to her top, pulling it off in one fell motion.

Her black bra barely hide my sister's nipples, her curves jutting out perfectly beneath the strained cups. It reminded me of the first time my husband had fucked Tiffany in front of me, how sexy she seemed with all of that flesh bouncing back and forth on her chest.

"Tell me you want to see my boobs," Sissy insisted. "Go ahead, you're already balls deep in your oldest daughter. Tell her that you're really thinking about me."

"Please...." Daddy begged.

"Fine, close enough," Madison said, unclasping her bra.

She teased us, slowly letting the bra fall out away to reveal perfectly dot shaped nipples that seemed like they belonged only on fake tits. But my sister's curves were immaculate, a little smaller than Tiffany's and yet more perkier, more firm.

She was a goddess...

And she knew it.

So did my dad, who pounded into me with a renewed vigor, his eyes glued to my sister's exposed rack. He never turned his neck from her titties, completely absorbed in the lurid display by his youngest daughter.

I was nearly forgotten, only the receptacle for his load, not the inspiration. He moved faster, his breathing harder, his prick twitching inside of me.

I wasn't jealous. I wasn't embarrassed. This was natural. This was right. Of course, Madison controlled his attention, not just because she was prettier, or had bigger tits.

She was human.

I was a puppy whose only response was the rapid escalation of my own desire.

It was like that first orgasm had never happened,

"Bring me the bowl, he's close," Madison said, her hands moving her tits around.

"What more could you give him?" Sissy leaned over to look at me. "You're completely submissive, but you're just his warm place to masturbate. He wants to fuck me..."

She held me by the throat, my cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk with my brother's seed.

"Tell her..."

"I want to fuck Madison..." He groaned.

"Only I have some pride, some dignity, I'm not desperate enough to fuck our Dad. So every time I want something, I'm going to bring you over. You'll be my surrogate. I'll stand here topless, bored and waiting for him to finish, the whole time wishing he could fuck his other daughter."

"Oh god... I'm..."

I could feel it, the warm cream rushing into my cunt. He stopped pumping, letting loose a torrent of semen in my abused pussy.

"He's cuming huh? It's over now Kaykay, you'll always be that pitiful little puppy that let Daddy breed her. You're so filthy, so disgusting. It's the best thing about you. The reason so many men fuck you. Not because you're sexy, because you're so fucking easy that you do what the really pretty girls won't"

"Arf-"

I started to beg to cum, only to forget myself. A little saliva and cum dripped down my chin. It didn't matter, my dad had finished, softening inside of me, then pulling out with a loud pop. Before he could even stand, Sissy had put a ceramic dog food bowl in between my legs, catching the first flood cum leaking out of me.

"It's not enough, let's see if there's more..." Sissy said, moving one to spread my pussy cautiously as though touching something contaminated.

"Ew... fuck its on my hand," Madison said. "I can't even imagine what it's like to have dad's cum inside of me... alright Kaykay turn around and spit your cum into the bowl."

I obeyed, letting the frothy combination fall out of my mouth in one long strand that spille down my chin and seemed to stretch on forever before falling into the bowl. Only after I had retched up my brother's leavings did I read the words emblazoned on the side of the bowl.

Bitch-slut.

"Good girl, now lap it up," Sissy said. "Not a drop left."

It had all coagulated together in the bottom of the bowl, thin and filmy at the bottom, a few droplets around the sides. I can't say that I even thought about it. Even that immediate instinct, that disgusted reflex had been chiseled out of my nature.

Little globs of white, long almost invisible streaks, I licked at everything indiscriminately in my bowl, not caring whether I was tasting my brother or father on my tongue. I went back for an eager second effort, licking at the rim when Sissy stopped me.

"Wait.." Madison said.

And my eyes couldn't help but look longingly at the last few streaks of cum in the bowl, that stayed despite my best efforts to lap it clean.

I didn't have much time to anticipate. In seconds, Madison had pulled her panties down to her ankles, bending down so that I didn't even get a view of what I wanted to see most.

Was perversion hereditary? Was I just a product of my father, longing after my younger sister in the exact same fashion?

I never got to see her pussy, first hearing the pitter-patter of piss splashing down into the bowl, becoming a steady stream as I traced the line of urine up her skirt, begging to see more.

She laughed, watching my face only inches away from the wafting smell of her warm addition to my bowl.

"There you go," She said, the last few drops falling from between her legs.

She went to move her dress down and then seemed to change her mind.

"Fuck I can't believe I'm doing this, but I really like these panties," Madison said. "Fine clean me up, I know you want to."

Her skirt stretched over my head. I couldn't actually see her pussy, but I could feel that it had been waxed bare. I tasted the musky briny urine on her sex, the droplets lapped up by my greedy tongue. I cleaned her with my mouth, and then started to try for more. I tasted her for a second, only to have Sissy pull away from me, pushing down on my shoulders to keep my head from behaving between her legs like a dog that's suddenly become too friendly.

"Down girl!" The words came out rough, and she moved her hips back with a certain showing of contempt. "Christ, Karen I never actually want you to lick my pussy, I just needed toilet paper."

I let out a soft moan, my pussy was slick with excitement, needing any pitiful sort of attention. I couldn't take it anymore, but there was no way to touch myself in the padded paws.

Truthfully I didn't even consider masturbating that way. It had been too long since I had that sort of autonomy. Instead, I instinctively squatted down until my ass was on the floor, angling my butt upwards so that my vagina made contact with the fibers in the carpet.

Then I started scooting, rubbing my pussy against the carpet like a bitch in heat.

It hurt a little, the rough rug prickling more than it actually sated the burning desire in my slit, and yet I kept at it. Not caring that my entire family was watching me rocking against the floor in a pitiful attempt to please myself.

Madison rolled her eyes, unable to believe what her sister had turned into.

"I didn't know you wanted to lick my pussy that bad," Madison said. "God, you are such a desperate slut. You really want to eat your sister's pussy. I guess I shouldn't be surprised, you're sick enough to fuck Dad."

She moved forward, down to my level. Her hands found my throat, and she looked me in the eyes.

"Show me what a sick puppy you are," She growled. "Go ahead, lick up your bowl. Every... last... drop..."

I lowered my eyes obediently, trying to keep pleasuring myself against the shag. Days ago, there might have been a moment where I paused, looking at my shadow in the urine, wondering if I was really going through with this. That time, that Kaykay was long in the past. I dropped my face into my sister's urine with a rapid gluttony, not caring about the clumps of cum still floating in the frothy mix.

It was warm, salty, and vile, yet I drank it down obediently. Slurping and swallowing, the position keeping me from drinking it all fast, forcing me to savor every humiliating moment.

"Stop! Hold it in your mouth!" Tiffany said, suddenly inspired.

My sister sort of turned, forgetting my unnatural Mommy was there.

For a second she seemed angry, as though her authority had been superseded, then she smirked, looking down at me.

My eyes never left her tits, full and luscious, arcing down over me.

"Yes, hold it Kaykay. No gargle it for me."

I heard the rattle of urine in my throat as it bellowed up, refusing to be swallowed until commanded.

"That's it! Gargle my piss!"

Then Mommy tapped her on the shoulder.

There was such a contrast between the dominant styles of Sissy and Mommy. Madison was cruel, impulsive, eager to hurt, almost like a kid pulling apart a toy to see what would happen. Tiffany was methodical, deliberate, designing everything, even able to utilize my sister in her effort to completely break me.

She had complete control, always, even when watching from the side of the room. And she would be there to pick up the pieces.

I wanted her to love me, and at least in her own way I thought she might have.

Which made my submission to a complete sadist like my sister all the more intense.

Madison moved aside and I saw why my sister had only smirked at the interruption. At some point while my family fucked me, she had put on her a harness and attached an unspeakable long dildo to use as a strap-on.

Once, buying bachelorette supplies in an adult store, I'd gawked at the oversized butt plugs wider than a coke can and those silicon cocks nearly as wide and long as my forearm.

This dwarfed them all.

The purple strap-on looked like it belonged on a horse rather than inside an actual person. I looked at it in dread. It appeared long enough to hold Tiffany up if she just happened to lean forward. The head was different than any I'd ever seen, smushed wide, almost wider than the rest, an impossible fit.

Unlike most dildos that resemble realistic penises, this had abandoned any such pretense, emulating instead things alien and animal. It ribbed out along the shaft in veiny swirles, becoming extra wide until reaching a bulbous ring in the middle, a knot I would have to take after already being stuffed with a dick bigger than any owned by a man.

I went wild, my mind barely able to register how it would possibly fit. I didn't even notice I'd swallowed the urine until I opened my mouth.

"That's right Kaykay," Mommy said. "It's all for you."

I moved my head down again, slurping up more urine, this time needing to exert effort to get enough from the bottom of the bowl. But it wasn't about obeying. The base, reptile part of my brain was scared, frightened at what this inhuman monster cock would do to the inside of my body. And though I trusted my owners, I couldn't help but quake with fear.

I tried to focus on holding the urine in my mouth. My nose nestled in the small pool still remaining in my bitch-slut bowl. She walked behind me, having to carry the toy due to its impossible girth. I looked back into the bowl, seeing my silhouette in the shiny bottom.

I just couldn't watch what she was about to do to my pussy.

My back arched up as I felt the elongated head rub against my pussy. There was a squirt, the feeling of lube as the tip rubbed against me, already straining the limits of how far my abused pussy could take. It rammed against my lips, not parting me, my pussy resisting the invader for the longest time.

She pulled back, moving her slippery fingers inside of me. For thirty seconds as her hand spread me open, I was in blissful acceptance. Then she moved the toy back, the head starting to part me, me trying to relax enough to take it...

Then she split me open.

It was too much!

I sputtered the mix of piss and cum out of my mouth carelessly onto the carpet without any ability to stop myself. I let out a moan, my insides feelings completely stuffed. My lips felt pried apart, taken beyond what was possible. I let out animalistic barks of panic.

"RUFF! RUFF! RUFF! RUFF! RUFF!"

"Shhh baby girl," Mommy said. "This is the hard part."

Then she pulled out, hurting somehow worse as the head again stretched out my lips on the way out. I shuddered, crying, sobbing, wailing, and barking. Mommy rubbed my ass, waiting for me to calm down.

"It's okay baby, it's okay. Everything will be so much easier now, but Mommy needs her good puppy to relax. Can you do that Kaykay? Can you relax so Mommy can help you cum?"

"Arf..."

My response came out timidly, but I slowly managed to raise my ass up, holding myself as still as I could imagine. My elbows shook, trying not to tense up as I waited for Mommy to impale me again on her cartoonishly big dick.

And this time, the head entered with only a slight pang of discomfort. It allowed me to relax, to picture how pleasurable it would be to cum whenever she let me. I let go, accepting the painful soreness sliding up my pussy with every impossible inch. She pushed back and forth, letting me get used to the sensation of being fucked. Soon I wasn't just taking this cartoonishly large cock, I was ravaged by it.

Thankfully the heft of the dick made her movements slow, her thrusts not at all like a man's. Slow, methodical, slowly getting faster.

"She isn't yours anymore," Tiffany said, looking across the room. "Look at her, look at your baby's face. She's mine now."

She held up my chin, forcing me to look into my mother's eye as I was forced open by a strange woman.

"Take off that bra," TIffany said.

And before my mom could hesitate, Tiffany pounced.

"Now!"

There was something about that natural command in her voice that made my mother obey. She undid the bra, holding it for a second before letting it drop. Her breasts were a little bigger than mind, drooping a little from the years, but still firm. Her nipples were larger than mine, half-dollar sized, with large pointed nubs.

They were hard.

Somehow Tiffany knew by the way my mother was watching.

"I want her to suck on your tits again," Tiffany said. "She sucks on mine now, but only when I let her."

"I don't-"

"I'm not going to keep telling you. The time for you to stop this was before your husband shoved that his dick into his daughter."

Near collapse, Mom fell to her knees, moving closer to me, holding her nipples up for me to suckle while Tiffany buried her dick a little deeper.

Around my mother's breasts, I moaned louder.

"Now the other one."

I recognized the type of instruction, the subtle small escalation that made each next step all the easier. Once you started to give in, once that self-respect had first been eroded, it was easier to simply let go.

My real Mom was nearly there, captivated by my real Mommy.

"Tilt that bowl into her mouth..." Tiffany said.

"But..."

"She can cum once she cleans her bowl," Tiffany said. "Go ahead, tell your mom how much you need to cum."

My eyes met hers.

"Arf... arf.. arf..."

God there was so much shame in that moment, in feeling her reaching out to touch my cheek. I knew she couldn't understand why I was doing this, I could barely rationalize it myself.

Because there was no reason for it.

There was only my pussy, stretched open by the toy ramming into me deeper and deeper with every movement of my new Mommy's hips.

Even so, even naked in front of my mother being fucked by my entire family, I didn't have any transcendent moment, any wakeful realization, any new bottom or low.

But she did.

I saw it in my mother's face as she held up the bowl in shaky hands, disgusted even by her proximity to this vile act.

And then she let the rim touch my lips, pouring it down my throat, so eager to be done with it that some of the urine sloshed out and onto my breasts.

"Good, now lay down in front of her," Tiffany commanded.

She obeyed.

"Now make your mommy cum," Tiffany said. "Don't worry, you can have your orgasm, so long as your mouth is in your other Mommy's muff."

"I... I can't..."

One last feeble attempt to resist, more for her conscience than anything. Just so she could say that she tried.

"The rest of your family did," Tiffany said. "And you said nothing. You just watched. It's your turn. I tell you what, just pull your panties aside and close your eyes. You can tell yourself that mean bitch made you. Tell yourself you had no choice..."

Mom took a breath, moving the cotton panties to one side, revealing a small mound of light bonde public hair

"But you and I will know better. You were already wet."

She guided me down, holding onto one of my pigtails as she drove me down into my mother's eager pussy. Mom stayed limp, letting me work on her clit, tasting her. The musky, saguarine scent wafted up into my nostrils, intoxicating me.

Tiffany kept fucking me, driving a little slower to let me perform, but this just drove me even crazier with lust, each stroke inside of me bring me towards the edge.

I was so close, I was about to cum.

But I had to ask.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

"Cum bitch. Cum with your mom's cunt in your mouth."

That's all it took. I spasmed against the impossibly wide toy, clamping down my pussy, trying to expel the invader with the force of my overpowering orgrasm. I had been well-trained as a bitch slut, but nothing could prepare me for the opening and closing of my body around the shaft, at once trying to take more and push out the insanely shaped dildo.

But Tiffany had over ideas.

While I writhed in absolute ecstasy she pushed forward, the extra thick ring more than halfway down the base of the shaft stretched me further, until stars of pain brought me out of this crescendo, riveting my mind back to the impossible cock inside of me. She pushed again, ignoring my shrieks as the widest part went all the way inside of me.

I tried to distract myself with my mother's pussy.

It hurt so bad.

And then it didn't

Again my clitoris began to steam with excitement, letting me ignore the intense pounding in my pussy. I licked and lapped at my mother, trying to make myself relax enough to take it. Every thrust seemed to go too far, and yet it drove me wild, causing me to absolutely devour my mouth.

I sensed her chest constriction, then her legs curled around my head, clearly cumming in her own demur fashion.

"See, that wasn't so bad, was it?"

But Mom had already scouted away, retreating from my father as he tried to hold her.

She was crying,

Only I didn't care, again I was riding a wave of lust, careening towards the edge of orgasmic oblivion. I was rewarded for my debasement by being allowed to cum again, then Tiffany held me still, even as I tried to pull away.

I could feel her hips against me.

"It's all inside of you baby," TIffany said. "You wanted it. Mommy knew best."

With her cock still inside of me, my brother approached.

"Should I... Should I pee on her too?" He said.

Tiffany sighed.

"Aim for her mouth, but try to make it so that anything you miss ends up in the bowl."

He just held his dick in front of me for a second, waiting to overcome his shyness. It's easy to say you want to piss in someone's mouth, much harder to actually do it. Eventually I think that urge to pee that most men get after ejaculating overwhelmed him. The salty warm water poured into my mouth, and Tiffany proved right her prediction.

I wasn't able to swallow it all.

Not with her pounding into the back of me.

I coughed and sputtered, spraying piss all over myself and the carpet. Only some of it managed to make it into the bowl, not that it mattered. I was beyond the point of caring, deep inside the serene sort of subspace where it didn't matter what anyone did to me. I lacked any sense of self-control or propriety. Everything was confined to this one instant, forgetting tomorrow for the immediacy of the moment.

That long dildo inside of me might as well have been attached.

God I wished it could have been. What had only minutes before seemed impossible now stoked the embers of my passion, igniting me in a lusty furnace that would have turned me to ash if not for Mommy's restraint.

She might have really hurt me, and it wouldn't have mattered to me. All that I needed was to be pounded, to be taken, to use the length of her cock as an extension of my own body. I moved with it, sliding on it, becoming attached at the root.

I didn't matter.

I was just an embodiment of every forbidden and taboo tale hushed and spoken in the dark to unknown lovers.

I was the stranger picked up at the bar, the girl good for the one thing. Only instead of disposing of me after an orgasm, Mommy would keep me forever.

No one would ever let her fuck them like I did.

No one was as big of a puppy slut.

I moaned,

I wanted more than anything to call out for her to fuck me faster.

Instead I put that sentiment into each bark.

"Arf!"

"Arf!"

"ARF!"

"CUM!"

My legs were putty, my pussy with no more resistance than petroleum jelly. I couldn't tell where one orgasm began and another ended. Then my hands stopped supporting my body, sending flailing into my bowl, urine splashing all over me.

I couldn't ever feel the blow on my head, I was dizzy, cum drunk.

I couldn't ask permission for the next climax, or the one after it. I just lay there, feeling the piss against my face through the carpet, unable to make my muscles obey as Tiffany drove me down into the furthest depths of depravity.

I opened my mouth and began sucking on the piss-soaked fibers...

I didn't know if I was trying to behave well enough to make Mommy stop or to keep her going so that I could cum again. That's how transcendent these days had been. I no longer obeyed to avoid punishment. This was my natural state of being. I sought out the sluttiest thing I could possibly do, wanting only to please.

I eventually stopped shuddering, letting out a gasp as she withdrew her cock from my gaping pussy. I could feel my pussy opening and closing, squeezing empty, my poor battered and abused hole unable to understand that it was empty.

Still reeling, Tiffany grabbed my hair. Scott stepped forward, pulling out his cock and immediately filling my mouth with his urine.

"Spit it into the bowl," Scott said.

I did as he commanded, letting his pee dribble down my chin into the bowl. When his stream started to slow, I knew not to spit. I waited with the river of piss in my mouth, letting it bubble between my gums, savoring it.

"Good girl, you can swallow."

It took two gulps.

"Where are you going?" Scott said, turning to face my dad.

"To the.. To the bathroom..."

"Right there..." He pointed at me.

I waited for what seemed like hours, holding my mouth open while my father aimed his penis, able to fuck but not urinate on his daughter. Eventually he gave up, taking the bowl into the corner and filling it to the brim.

There wasn't a more clear example of who my real Daddy was.

Scott stroked his cock in front of me, holding his hand out when I naturally moved forward to engulf his cock.

It was clear he didn't really want to touch my cum and urine stained body.

Instead he motioned towards Madison.

She relished in what she was doing to me, sinking to her knees with an overdone grin. My sister made such a show of the blowjob, slowly twirling her tongue along the slit, licking up and down the shaft, letting his cock head imprint on the side of her mouth. Only inches in front of me, Madison stared right back at me as she sucked my husband's dick.

That look has been almost seared into my brain. It was the same sort of the devilish grin of power she had after tattling on me to share a toy.

The look said I know this is yours, but I'm taking it anyways.

I should have seethed watching my man have sex with my sister.

Only Scott wasn't really mine.

He belonged to Mommy

It took forever, leaving me aroused and aching from the position, my paws in front of my breasts as he delicately let my half-naked sister satisfy him. At the last moment, he pulled back out of my sister's mouth, turning to decorate my face with big globs of his cum. Streaks clung to my checks, matting over one eye, and clinging to urine on my chin.

Then Tiffany turned me over, licking my pussy, placing me right back on my perch, right at the end of orgasm.

"Get over here, I want you both in her at the same time,"

"I'm not..." My Dad started.

"You are going to find away, even if I have to call smiling Bob from Extenze myself."

But the protests proved largely to be for show. My dad and brother were both already rigid from this wanton display, needing another turn inside of me. If Micah minded being in the same hole our dad had already defiled, he didn't show it. My brother dived right into me, careless of the mess of fluids on my broken body.

"Oh fuck, I can't believe it Karen. I always wanted you. Ever since I started noticing girls, seeing you in a bikini, or when you would leave underwear left in the bathroom... I just..."

But he was talking to a person no longer there.

Before Tiffany could reassert control, Micah was on top of me, thrusting inside of my pussy. I don't know how exactly he got there, my mind was reeling, but compared to Tiffany's giant monster cock, his penis felt like a few fingers.

She pulled him off, directling things until the butt plug tail was pulled out of my ass. My brother hoisted me up, allowing my dad to angle his cock in, parting from my behind.

He slid it in so easily it surprised me.

My father went a little more slowly. I don't know how to describe it other than to say that it was almost like being completely fucked, with no more room for anything else. Both of them were inside of each of my holes, positioning for room. I could sense the two of them struggling at first for leverage, their dicks brushing against each other through the thin internal divider between ass and pussy.

At first, when my dad and brother started double penetrating me, I could barely feel anything below the waist. Tiffany had fucked it out of me. It took the two of them together, combining their girth and length, working as one to truly fuck me.

And god did they fuck me.

My petite frame ricocheted between the two of them, flopping back and forth like a rag doll. I had no control, the will to do anything other than cum completely drained from my battered body. They held me in place, my tits pressed against my brother's chest, my ass pushed into position by my dad's hard cock.

I let out a moan, too exhausted to give much of a bark.

I tried again, failing.

My body was near exhaustion, the week straining every limb. I was held up, put between two horny relatives who now only cared about how I could make them cum. I didn't have the mental ability to think about what this meant, if holidays and gatherings would now be an exercise in seeing how much KayKay would take to please them.

I didn't think about anything.

I didn't want it to be over.

I didn't want them to fuck me harder or faster.

I just let it happen to me, reaching a state of sexual nirvana where the present was the only concern. I took each cock, letting them ravage my body, feeling my own flesh betray any sense of decency and obedience by cumming again.

When I realized my mistake, I looked longingly at Tiffany with apologetic doe eyes.

"It's okay baby. Mommy knew you would cum," She said.

Only then did I fully feel them inside of me, stretching both holes uncomfortably.

"You have ten seconds to finish inside of her," Mommy said.

"What?" My dad started.

But Tiffany didn't act as though she heard him.

"10."

"9."

"8."

"7."

"Oh god, oh wow this is so hot," Micah moaned. "I'm cumming!"

I could feel it, but my pussy didn't react the way it usually does. The cum just seemed to leak out, as though I couldn't quite tighten around his cock.

He kept thrusting me for a few more moments, trying to prolong his pleasure until his snake like cock flopped out, long and still trailing cum.

"I still have one last thing for her," Tiffany said. "You better cum or I'll send you to bed with blue balls."

My dad was out of breath, panting.

"Can I at least set her down?"

"Sure... just hurry..."

He stroked himself, edging himself closer while TIffany and Micah lay me on my stomach. Then again he plunged into me. Without the cock in my pussy, he was relatively easy to take. My face was in the piss stained carpet, rubbing back and forth as he pounded into me.

"10..."

"9..."

She counted nearly all the way down, slowing as she got to four. This time, I felt my ass clenching against his cock as it sprayed white hot cum inside my least used hole. My father emptied himself in me, having taken both of my holes in one evening.

There was no time to lay there, Scott and Tiffany, Daddy and Mommy, hoisted me up by the arms, letting my hips hover over the dog bowl while cum leaked down into the urine from each hole. Then without even thinking I release my own dribble of urine, almost unconsciously.

And I knew the evening was far from done.

At some point they were going to have me drink up semen from my own ass and cunt.

I was bent over, my ass and pussy in doggie-style, the bowl slid in front of my face, then Mommy spoke.

"You've been such a good girl," Tiffany said. "One more thing, but you are going to need to beg Mommy to cum, do you understand?"

"Arf!"

I wasn't even sure if I had one orgasm left in me.

Through the spread in between my legs I saw that she was wearing gloves on each hand. At the time, I remember thinking it was because of how gross I must have been, covered in piss and cum, still leaking from every hole.

That wasn't the reason.

She came at my ass and pussy with her hands reaching like a quarterback between the center's legs. Only she didn't go in between. Her fingers were slick with lube, and at first she just fit in her index and middle one into each of my holes, moving them around in the already worn hole. She pulled out, instructing Scott to apply more lube.

Another finger...

Then another.

This time I felt it, like each of my holes was being gently spread apart far past the point of comfort. It didn't hurt, but I wasn't sure what to think of the sensation. I tried to keep my breathing calm, but I found I couldn't. It began to seem impossible, like she would take me past the point of pleasure and into bodily harm.

Her hands spread inside of me, opening and closing, taking me gently towards an almost unbearable feeling in my ass. If It had just been my pussy, I think I would have stretched easily to accommodate her, but the two combined together to make my body seem too full. There was resistance, a feeling of it just being too large as she slid her hand past the knuckles.

I strained, unable to move on her hand.

"Relax Kaykay," She said. "Mommy loves you."

I couldn't believe she said it.

"Arf!"

It was the closest thing I could say.

"I know Kaykay. Mommy's always known."

She pushed a little more, ignoring my body for one painful second. Then it was done, her hand had curled up inside of my vagina, creating a full feeling like nothing I had experienced.

"Scott get over her and hold her steady."

And my husband was there, holding me still, stroking my hair as I stayed on my hands and knees, one fist inside of me.

She pulled out her right hand, and Scott helped lube it up before going back in.

Again there was this moment where her hand hoovered between pain and pleasure, not quite able to finish delving inside of my ass. I could feel tears welling up in my eyes, afraid of disappointing Mommy in this last act of submission.

I took a breath, trying to relax the ring between my checks as again her fingers worked inside of me. But the full, overbearing pleasure shooting up from every centimeter of my cunt distracted me enough to let it happen. For a moment, I didn't even feel her digits as they pried my asshole further apart. My brain remained riveted on the full fist in my pussy, turning the unbelievable size into the building of another, new type of orgasm.

Her hand in my ass began to burn. Again, she pushed in, squinching up her fingers in the same duck imitation she used my pussy. It wasn't going to happen. Her fist in my pussy had stretched me out too far, I was too small, too tight, too petite to be double fisted.

I couldn't...

She stopped again. Her hand felt all the way in, my holes seemed drawn out to their limit. And yet I could feel the end of her hand, the thumb spreading inside, knowing that it wasn't quite enough.

"Just a little more Kaykay.."

I let out a breathless gasp, giving up everything in that moment of true submission.

I even tried to move my ass towards her, wanting the anticipation to be over. Taking her fist with me backwards, I scooted my ass towards her, giving her the signal to move forward.

Fuck it's too much!

I didn't scream it, but thought came crashing between my ears, not belonging in my feeble puppy brain. But I couldn't go anywhere, I couldn't even move with her fist inside of my vagina. I had to stay still, and it realized it would be easier to go forward.

The hard part wasn't at the ring of my asshole anymore, it was further inside of me.

I gave up, surrendering my holes completely and bore down, helping her fuck me.

Her hand slid in the rest of the way, closing automatically into a fist.

Then it was done. I was on my hands and knees, shuddering with the sensation of having two fists inside of each hole, not wanting either of them out of me. How she would get either out of me never crossed my mind.

My holes seemed stretched past their limit, like they would never tighten again.

And then she moved inside of me.

It didn't take much, just a slight movement, alternating between each fist, pussy then ass, pussy then ass, each rocking motion coming easily as I somehow adjusted to the new reality. I started to moan, euphoria and adrenaline lighting up every nerve below my belt. I could feel a quivering, tangential tingling of joy rising up and tickling my belly button as TIffany fucked me past both of her wrists.

Truly bottoming out inside of me.

I let out a yelp and she retreated, finding the same spot as before.

And I began to love it, wondering how I had ever experienced sex without this full feeling of completion.

I don't know how she fit. I guess in the same way the long delayed building of lust over the past weeks had allowed me to do every other terrible thing. Both fists started moving at the same time, pushing me down when I couldn't take it anymore. My shoulders hunched, my back arching to where she directed me, like a puppet, her hands making me lower myself to his final humiliation.

I knew what she wanted.

I could see the fleks of cum in the urine, moving from my breath like tiny amoebas in an otherwise clear pool. I wasn't there yet, something rational sniveled for one last second, reminding me that it was a mixture of urine and cum from my brother and father, all squeezed out from my shared pussy and ass.

Maybe that last part was it.

I would have to drink it down, tasting the cum my father left in my ass.

She drove into me again and I lost my balance a little, only stopped from falling by my husband's strong arms. Then TIffany angled up again, my head going lower until my nose touched the horrid mixture.

It was enough to break me.

I took a deep breath and dove into the urine, sucking it up in long gaps. It was bitter, acrid, brackish, but I barely tasted it. My mind had gone, completely, retreating into my subspace, with something in me again so broken that only this state would ever seem right to me again.

Here, being double fisted in each hole, no one could judge me.

Not even myself.

They had all used me. Even when they watched, moralizing and believing me sick and disgusted, not even my family turned away.

We are all like this, not necessarily piss play puppies, but tormented slaves to our own demons and desires. One way or another they own us. Either they make us miserable with their mere existence or we learn to embrace them, letting each out in its own contained playground.

At least when we truly give in, we have some control.

I was gone, feeling only the intensity of her fists opening a little inside of me while I swallowed cum flavored pee. I drank, my tongue now lapping against a mostly empty bowl.

I was so close, ready and on the edge.

But I needed to clean my bowl.

Not for them... no... this was for me. Call it some bullshit Stockholm Syndrome. Pathologize me, patronize me, pity me - just know that I don't give a flying fuck.

Everyone else has these other needs, these bullshit priorities that prevent them from acting on their darkest, most extreme fantasies.

I was free.

My orgasm was all that mattered, and to earn it, to deserve the fulfillment of everything this week was designed to be, I knew I needed to complete one last task.

I needed to lick my bowl clean.

I slurped, ignoring any signal to stop from my churning stomach. I saw streaks of cum in small little pitiful pools, and scooped it up with my tongue, finishing the bowl.

I could still feel it in my tongue, my eyes reaching up to see my husband as the fisting caused my head to move around, the urine and cum not yet swallowed.

I gulped one last time.

I was on the peak of the most powerful, protracted orgasm of my life.

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

"I love you Kaykay," Daddy said, my husband reaching to stroke my piss soaked hair. "You can cum now."

Every chemical seeped into my brain and then exploded, each neurotransmitter overloaded with ecstasy. Every inch stretched out by Mommy's fists turned into an erogenous zone, turning my ass and pussy into one compounding and compacting spasm, squeezing out the very last drop of pleasure from each knuckle, each curled digit, each subdued movement inside of me.

I lost control, totally, in the way that I could never match again. I couldn't think, couldn't tell when my orgasm even stopped, everything, the entire universe existed in her hands. Shame, pride, jealousy, desire, needs all replaced by a hot, hard, final bliss that ended everything I had been before, turning me truly into this puppy creature created first from my husband's imagination.

I writhed on the floor, Mommy lowering her hands with me so as not to hurt me, letting me experience a total ecstasy, deliriously quivering as this complete ravishment transformed my soul into something more...

And I truly became that animal crafted together to suit my own unspoken desires.

Epilogue

Some days pet play just isn't feasible.

I obviously don't work anymore. If I'm not a puppy, things seem awkward, especially around the family. When I'm not in that space, I crave it. I count the hours until I'm on my knees, getting fucked by Daddy or licking Mommy's pussy.

Oh yeah, Tiffany moved in. I'm not sure how we ever lived without her.

And yes, I'm a puppy most nights.

That night, in my parent's house, it took a few minutes for Tiffany to wrench her hands from my pussy and ass. She went slow, at first it seemed like I wouldn't let her go. But eventually she was able to take her hand out of my pussy.

It made removing the other from my ass easier.

I don't recall getting to the hotel. I think one of them might have carried me to the car. Then next thing I remember was waking up in bed and going for my tail.

It was day eight.

The deal was over.

But I wanted my tail.

A few minutes later, Daddy was inside of me. Gentle, his hand reaching around to my clit, bringing me already close to the edge.


I couldn't remember ever feeling this horny before this week.

Or this happy.

"You can go back now Karen, you always could." Daddy said, his cock buried inside of me. "We have our savings. We can leave everything behind. You never have to see anyone, not your boss, not your family ever again. But I want you to know something..."

He took a deep breath, ragged and heavy as he spoke inside of me.

"It was never really about forgiving you," Daddy whispered, stopping inside of me. "It was about showing you something new, something I knew you could only actually accept if pushed. At any time, you could have stopped it, and it would have been okay. A few times I thought it was too much, but Tiffany... I think she understood you better than me."

A few more thrusts, then he stopped, like he was trying to cum inside of me. I thought I could still feel my father's cum inside of me.

Or maybe it was my brother's.

It still seemed like a dream, but both of them had fucked me.

And it only turned me on more.

"It can all be over baby," Daddy said. "It can just be a memory. We can start over. Just tell me what you want. I'll love you no matter what."

"Arf!"

It was all I wanted to say.

He threw himself back into me, pulling on each of my puppy pigtails, fucking me with a force that showed exactly how much I had turned my Daddy on. Even then, I knew I'd come back at some point. I'd find a job somewhere else, where none of my co-workers had fucked me... yet.

And everything would start again, with each of us relishing in the shock of every new stranger who saw what I really was, deep down inside.

A desperate little slut puppy, needing to be used and abused.

Battered and bruised, my sore and red bottom bucking back against him, I found myself again on the verge of orgasm. But I wanted to wait. I wanted to cum at the same time, to have a transcendent moment together.

But it wasn't up to me.

I was so close...

"ARF! ARF! ARF!"

"Cum..." Daddy grunted.

And before I could, he began spraying his load into my already stuffed pussy. I moaned, feeling the warmth, his cum mixing with the others. It might have been the command, it might have been the sopping wet semen now in pussy, but I let go, climaxing on his cock in one final thrash that clearly communicated my intense pleasure.

Not in spite of everything that happened over the week.

Because of it.

"Good girl," Daddy whispered, patting my bottom.

That's all Literotica. Look, can I be a little weepy? I could barely type when I started this story three years ago. I had to shut down sequels because I physically could not read the source material. But I've kept going. One thread down. A special thank you to all the fans who encouraged me and waited these years for me to finish.

Yet I feel one more taboo can complete this story. If you are interested, look for it on Nifty or email me for the censored, final chapter. 

