Neuro Submission Transmitter
bysamslam©

"So do you think uncle Harry hid money or valuables around his house?" I ask my mom as we're driving down the interstate.

"What makes you think that?" She asks, surprised at my question.

"Well, he was pretty eccentric, you have to admit. He seemed like one of those guys who would stash things around the house and then forget where they are. We are going to search for hidden stuff, right?" My mom's brother died in a car accident a couple of months ago and my mom is executor of his estate. Uncle Harry never married and as his younger sister, mom is his only living relative. Uncle Harry was 40, two years older than my mom. They grew up together but had less contact once mom got married.

My mom is one of those people who take family responsibility very seriously. Like every Christmas she doesn't just send presents, she drives down and gives Uncle Harry his present. Last December, Mom and my sister Susan drove down just before New Years. It's spring break now and I'm out of school, which is why mom asked me to come with her this time.

"Your uncle wasn't eccentric." Mom argues. "He was just very, very smart. Sometimes he didn't have patience for the mundane things that we consider normal." Uncle Harry really was smart. He was one of the leading neurologists in the country, with huge research grants. "I'm going to go through his personal papers and put everything in order, you can look for hidden 'stuff' if you want." Mom says laughing. "Just make sure you tell me if you find anything, because I have to make a complete list of his assets."

Uncle Harry's house isn't huge, but it does have a large office in the converted walkout basement. Mom is hoping to sort through everything in 4-5 days. The first day I help her catalogue all the furniture, paintings, etc. The second day mom asks me to make a list of all the books in his library, while she starts sorting through his office.

Some of the books are valuable first editions and some are just normal books that everyone has on their bookshelves. I have to look at the title page of each book to make sure I don't overlook any of the collector's items. He has about four hundred books and it's taking a long time. Plus, I've gotten distracted a few times looking up the price of some of the first editions on his computer. When we break for lunch I've gotten about halfway through.

"How's it going?" Mom asks as we sit at the kitchen table eating sandwiches and potato chips.

"Fine. Uncle Harry sure had a wide range of interests. He's got everything from biographies to books on Wicca." I tell her. "I'm about halfway through. How's it going in the basement?"

"Slow. Your uncle wasn't the most organized man in the world." Mom says, sighing. "I'm really having to organize everything before I can start sorting through his finances. This may take longer than I thought."

After lunch we resume our individual tasks. The third book I look at, one of the neurology textbooks Uncle Harry wrote, has two folded sheets of paper in it. I unfold them and read what looks like passwords or codes. One says, NEUROSUBMITTRANS and then NST1001#HD after it and the other one looks like a combination: 47-63-95-20. I get excited thinking, here's the hidden stuff I was talking about, if I could only figure out what it means.

The first looks vaguely familiar and then I remember seeing a file on Uncle Harry's computer, when I was searching for book prices. It was called NST.doc. I go to his computer double click on NTS.doc and sure enough a pop up box asks for a password. I type NST1001#HD and an MS-Word file opens. It's some kind of research paper called Neurological Submission Transmitter. I wonder why Uncle Harry had it password protected. As far as I know he's the only one who used this computer.

As I scan through the document, most of it is over my head. I'm still on High School physics. I skip to the 'Summary of Findings' section at the end. I read through and it seems to be talking about an actual transmitter that when tuned to a person's specific neurological frequency will render them submissive. The summary is written in plain English without all the technical jargon. It appears to be a request for more grant money, documenting the potential uses for the device including helping doctors resolve abnormal or destructive behavior. To explain the transmitter in layman's terms he uses an analogy of instant hypnosis. Wow! Uncle Harry really was a genius, if he invented an instant hypnosis device. I wonder where it is and if the other piece of paper has anything to do with it. I spend the next hour looking for a safe in the library and the bedrooms without any luck. I finally go down to the basement office.

"How's it going?" I ask mom. I've decided not to tell her about the research paper just yet.

"I'm struggling through. Are you done with the books?" Mom asks, looking up from the desk where she has a bunch of papers all around her laptop.

"Not yet. I'm just taking a break." I answer. "Did Uncle Harry have a safe or anything like that? I'm wondering if he had other valuable books in a safe or something." I'm trying to act nonchalant about it.

"Not that I've seen down here." Mom answers. "You can look around if you want." I look all over the basement and don't find anything that might have a combination lock on it. I give up for now and go back to cataloguing the books. I'm on the last bookcase just as it's starting to get dark.

When I try to pull the books off the bottom shelf, one book seems stuck, but I can't tell why. It's not oversized or wedged into the shelf or anything. I pull hard but it doesn't budge. Bending down I realize it's a fake book that when all the other books have been removed it slides to the side, opening an access panel. Behind the access panel is a combination lock. I jump up, get the other slip of paper and after several tries of left and right combinations I open the lock. Inside is a small device that looks like an IPOD with ear buds attached to it. It has a small LCD screen and a thumb wheel with a button in the middle of it. I am so excited that I start to run and tell mom, then stop. I decide I'm going to figure out how it works before I tell mom about it. I open the NST file again and print out the entire document. It's fifty pages long. I finish cataloging the books while it's printing.

After dinner, I tell mom I'm just going to read one of Uncle Harry's books. I sit up in bed reading the entire NST document. Most of it I don't understand, but there are sections that appear to be written specifically for a non-technical audience. There is one section on the details of the experiments. It seems that whoever uses it has to wear the ear buds for protection against the transmitter and to tune in the correct frequency for their subject. Rotating the thumb wheel and listening for the steady tone, tunes it to the neurological frequency of a specific subject. Pressing the button then renders the subject submissive and responsive to suggestions. It appears that the research wasn't complete and Uncle Harry was requesting more money so he could test the duration of the affect and what he called post transmission suggestions, which I assume are like post hypnotic suggestions. I decide to test it on mom in the morning.

The next morning over breakfast I ask mom if I can use the car to go to the mall. She tells me no because she still needs my help. While she's cleaning up the kitchen, I get the transmitter, put the ear buds in my ears and turn the thumb wheel. After about ten seconds I hear a steady tone. I press the button and watch mom for a reaction.

"Mom?" I say from behind her as she's leaning over the sink.

"Yes?" She says turning around.

"Raise your hand high in the air." I say, wondering if she'll think I'm crazy.

"Okay, Nick." She answers, raising her hand. Wow! I decide to try a post transmission suggestion.

"Mom, next time I ask to use the car to go to the mall, say yes, give me the keys and twenty dollars spending money, okay?"

"Okay, Nick." She says. I press the button on the device again and the tone stops.

"What was I doing?" Mom looks confused. "Oh yeah, the dishes." She says, turning around.

"Mom, can I use your car to go to the mall?" I ask her.

"Sure," she says getting her keys out of her purse. "And here's some money. You have fun." She says, handing me twenty dollars. Oh my God! This is going to be fucking great! I take the money and head out to the car with the transmitter in my pocket.

At the mall, I'm just walking around trying to decide how I can test the transmitter when I pass a Victoria Secret store. Perfect! I put the ear buds in my ears and, with the transmitter in my hand, it just looks like an IPOD. I go inside and start looking around by the thongs when a very attractive blonde saleswoman approaches me. She looks to be in her mid-twenties with firm high breasts and nice legs.

"Hi. Is there something special I can help you find?" I'm turning the thumb wheel... got it!

"Yes, do you wear these thongs?" I ask her after I push the transmitter button.

"Yes I'm wearing one now." She answers, completely submissive to me.

"Please take me to a dressing room and show me your thong." I tell her deciding to go direct rather than with a post transmission suggestion.

"Right this way." She starts leading me over to the dressing rooms.

"What's your name?" I ask her, as I'm watching the curves of her ass swish back and forth under her very tight skirt.

"Allison." She says. "Here we are." She shows me into a dressing room and steps in after me pulling the door closed. She immediately unzips her skirt and lets it fall to the floor revealing her black thong. My God! She is so fucking sexy and my cock jumps, creating a bulge in my pants.

"Turn around Allison, let me see the back." I tell her. She turns around and I'm staring at two beautiful white globes dissected by a piece of material that disappears between them. I run my hands over her ass and cup her firm round cheeks before sliding my fingers along the thin material stretched into the crevice.

"Okay, you can take it off, now." I tell her and she bends forward stripping her thong off in one quick motion. Her neatly trimmed dark bush let's me know she's not a natural blonde. My cock is rock hard even before I tell her to remove her blouse and her bra.

"How old are you, Allison?" I ask her, as she's standing there naked, her pert tits, with rose-colored areolas and puffy pink nipples, pointing right at me. I can't resist running my fingers over her nipples, as I wait for her answer.

"Twenty-four." She says matter-of-factly as I pinch her nipples and squeeze her tits. Wow! At 18, I've had a few girl friends, but none have looked like this. I'm wondering how far I should take this.

"Do you have a boyfriend, Allison?" I ask her, continuing to fondle her beautiful, firm tits.

"Yes." She answers. She's just standing there, staring straight ahead answering my questions as I explore her body with my hands.

"Do you have sex with your boyfriend?"

"Yes."

"Do you give each other head?" I ask her, thinking a blowjob is just what I need to relieve the tension building up in my cock.

"Yes."

"Do you swallow your boyfriend's cum, Allison?" I've moved to her side so I can put one hand on her ass, while the other one cups her pussy, running one finger up and down her slit.

"Sometimes. I really don't like it, but sometimes I'll do it as a special treat for him." She says in the same monotone she's been answering all my questions. My finger in her slit isn't producing the desired affect; there is no moisture there. I wonder if the submissive transmitter is blocking her natural responses. I decide to try something completely off the wall.

"I want you to have an orgasm now, Allison." She clenches her legs together, pinching my finger inside her pussy lips, lets out a low moan and with a shiver that shakes her tits from side to side, starts oozing juice over my hand. Fuck! That is amazing! My cock is rock hard in my pants and I desperately need relief.

"Allison, please take my cock out of my pants, give me a blowjob and swallow my cum." Kneeling down in front of me, she unbuckles my belt, pulls my jeans down then maneuvers my jockey shorts over my stiff cock. She takes it in her hand and rubs her tongue all over it, licking up and down the sides. When it is coated all around with her saliva, she slips her lips over the end and pumps it rapidly in and out of her mouth. Her other hand starts gently caressing my balls as her tongue works magic on the underside of my cock. My God! This woman is an expert at blowjobs. The high school girls I've been dating are rank amateurs by comparison and, in no time at all, I'm shooting my load in her mouth. She continues sucking as she swallows my cum then slides her mouth off my cock and stands up, awaiting her next instructions.

"Allison, that was amazing." I tell her, although I'm not sure it means anything. I tell her to get dressed and give her two post transmission suggestions. First, that she will not remember taking me into the dressing room or what we did and second, that she will always swallow her boyfriend's cum. I leave the dressing room before she's finished dressing, press the button on the transmitter and wait around the store to see how my post transmission suggestion works. A few minutes later she walks out of the dressing room, sees me and walks over, smacking her lips and running her tongue over her teeth.

"Hi. Is there something special I can help you find?" she says as if she has never approached me before.

"No, I'm just browsing." I say, then turn around and leave the store. This is too fucking unreal! I'm almost dancing as I head to the parking lot. I have a device that will make anyone do what I want! The ideas are racing through my mind as I get to my car. Just as I'm unlocking it, a car pulls in two spaces over and a beautiful black woman gets out. She's tall, with large, round tits and a slim waist. I've always fantasized about fucking a black woman. When she opens her back door and bends over to get a package, I get a solid view of her shapely ass inside her skin-tight jeans. What the fuck, I can't resist. I hurriedly put the ear buds in my ears and start tuning, got it!

"Excuse me, miss?" I call to her.

"Yes?" She answers in a monotone voice.

"Would you please come here a minute?" I ask her. She walks over and stands in front of me. I look around. It's kind of secluded here, but why take a chance. "Please get in the car with me, I'd like to see your tits." I tell her holding the passenger door open. She gets in and has her blouse unbuttoned before I get in the other side. She pulls her blouse completely open, unfastens her bra, releasing her large brown tits and waits patiently for my next command. Her tits are magnificent with big two-inch areolas and thick black nipples pointing right at me. I've just come in Allison's mouth, but my cock is rock hard again, looking at these beautiful tits. I reach over and start fondling them.

"What's your name?" I ask her while I pinch her thick black nipples between my finger and thumb.

"Carolyn" She answers.

"Carolyn are you married or have a boyfriend?" I ask her. I don't know why I like to know this stuff; I guess it makes it more intimate.

"I'm married." She answers unemotionally.

"Is your husband a good lover?" I ask her as I'm lifting and squeezing her tits in my two hands.

"He's okay." She answers in the same monotone.

"Who's the best lover you've ever had?" This is really getting interesting. I lean down and take one of her nipples in my mouth.

"My husband's brother." She's showing no reaction to me sucking and nibbling on her tit.

"Carolyn, I want you to experience a normal sexual response to whatever I do, okay?" I tell her, wondering if that will work.

"Okay." She says in the same monotone, but the nipple I'm sucking hardens instantly and her breathing becomes more labored.

"Tell me about the best fuck you ever had with your brother-in-law." I ask her.

"Last Thanksgiving, during the big football game when everybody was distracted, my husband's brother went upstairs to the bathroom. I snuck up there when no one was looking, took off my panties and joined him. He bent me over the sink, raised my skirt and pounded into my pussy from behind." She tells me, as I continue to suck on her thick nipple.

"I had been thinking about his big, thick cock all day and was soaking wet before he even entered me. It felt so good and so wicked. Just as we both climaxed, we heard a big roar from downstairs and it was like they were yelling and applauding our great fuck! After he pulled out, I knelt down and sucked his cock until he got hard again. This time he sat on the toilet seat and I straddled him. He opened my blouse and sucked my tits, just like you're doing now, while I bounced up and down on that glorious cock of his. It's a good thing there was another great play when I came, because I don't think I was very quiet. It wasn't just that it was a great fuck, which it was, but the risk of doing it right there with the whole family downstairs was such a turn on." She had said the whole thing in one long monotone dialogue, but it still made my cock hard listening to her while I sucked her luscious tits.

Having never been with a black woman before, I'm amazed at how black her nipples and areolas are against the milk chocolate color of the rest of her skin. I unfasten her jeans and slide my hand inside her panties. Just below her fur-covered mound my finger touches her moist slit. She is responding to me sucking on her tits, just like I told her to and I run my finger up and down her slit before slipping it inside her pussy. She lets out a low moan as I finger fuck her and continue sucking on her nipples.

"Have you ever fucked a white guy, Carolyn?" I ask her. My cock is rock hard and I'm trying to decide whether I want to fuck her or get another blowjob.

"No." She answers. I decide to be her first and I reach over her to lower the back of her seat all the way until it's almost lying flat.

"Take off your jeans and panties, Carolyn." I tell her, as I'm undoing my jeans and pulling them off. I position myself under her on the passenger seat, with her straddling me. "Carolyn, think of me as your brother-in-law sitting on the toilet seat last Thanksgiving and fuck my like you fucked him." Reaching down she positions the head of my rigid cock against her wet pussy lips, slides forward and pushes down, engulfing my cock in her steaming hot pussy. She starts rocking her hips in a rolling motion while clenching her pussy muscles around my cock. My god! It feels so fucking awesome. Having only fucked high school girls, she is doing things with her pussy that I never dreamed possible.

I'm playing with her tits and pinching her hard black nipples as she rides me. Leaning forward with her hands against the seat, she bounces up and down on my hard cock making her large brown tits swing back and forth. God! I can't believe this is actually happening! Picking up the pace, she's lifting her pussy almost all the way to the tip of my cock and then slamming it back down, enveloping me in her hot moist chasm. I'm bucking against her and she's moaning loudly as I'm getting ready to cum.

"Okay, Carolyn now cum really hard!" I yell, as I start shooting my load deep into her burning pussy. She clenches her pussy around my cock, jerks her hips and lets out a loud moan collapsing on my chest. While we catch our breath, I try to decide what to do next. Since she loves risk and is already cheating on her husband, I give her a different post transmission suggestion than the one I gave Allison.

"Carolyn, you will remember this as the best fuck of your life. It was your idea, you saw me when you got out of your car and asked if I'd ever fucked black before, when I said no, you offered to be my first. You'll thank me and offer to meet me here tomorrow at the same time." My cock is still inside her and she's still shivering from her intense orgasm as I turn off the transmitter.

"Oh fuck! Thank you! That was great!" She says enthusiastically, kissing me. "Did you enjoy your first black fuck, baby?" She's rocking her hips a little, my cock still buried deep inside her pussy. "I know I enjoyed my first white one. Want to do it again tomorrow?" She asks, hopefully. "I'll be here at the same time, okay?" Hearing her voice, without the monotone, trancelike intonations is a real turn on. I wish I had done the whole encounter as a post transmission suggestion. I think her story would have been more erotic with her enthusiasm intact. She sits up and I can't resist taking her hard nipples in my mouth again and sucking on them.

"Oh yeah, baby. God, I've never done anything like this before. It was so impulsive, but so good!" She's rocking back and forth again, I can't believe it but my cock is recovering inside her fiery pussy. "I don't even know your name." She says as she rocks faster, leaning down so I can continue to suck and bite her nipples.

"Oh yeah! Let's do it again!" She's riding my fully recovered cock, bouncing up and down. I let go of her nipples and lean back, thrusting my ass off the seat to match her rhythm. Her hands grab at her tits, pinching and pulling her nipples as she bucks wildly on my hard cock. She's like a woman out of control. Undoubtedly the risk of fucking a perfect stranger in the mall parking lot, coupled with the fact that she's already cum real hard, is driving her passion.

The car is rocking with our frantic coupling. My cock is so fucking hard, working toward my third orgasm in less than an hour. Her drenched pussy feels as if it's inflamed, as she tightens it around my cock, let's out a scream and jerks her body up and down in the throes of ecstasy. That sets me off and I erupt deep inside of her, my shoulders coming up off the seat back, as I spasm from the intensity of my release.

"Oh my God!" She says, leaning her head against my shoulder, gulping air into her lungs. Her hard nipples are pushing into my chest as her large tits swell with each gasp of breath. "I've never experienced anything like that!" She breathes. I realize she's had a real orgasm without any prompting from the transmitter and it left her breathless. This was amazingly better than the first fuck. I'm going to have to work on the post transmission suggestion part of this whole experience.

Suddenly, she looks at her watch and says, "Oh shit! I'm late for work!" She kisses me hard. "But you were worth it, baby." She disengages herself from my cock and looks around for her clothes. I watch her as she scrambles around getting dressed and it's my first real look at her pussy. Her velvety bush is trimmed into a neat triangle pointing down toward her dripping pussy lips. I hand her some Kleenex from a box in the backseat and she smiles as she wipes the juices from between her legs.

"Next time I want to eat your pussy." I tell her.

"Mmmm. That sounds wonderful!" She says, leaning down to kiss me again, her tits pushed against my chest one last time before she refastens her bra and buttons her blouse.

"Where do you work?" I ask her putting my jockey shorts back on and pulling on my jeans.

"Right there." She points to the department store entrance to the mall. "At the jewelry counter." She kisses me again. "Come in and see me anytime." She opens the door, steps out and makes final adjustments to her clothing. "Same time tomorrow, right?" She asks.

"Absolutely! I hope you don't get into trouble for being late." I tell her.

"I won't." She says confidently. "I'm the manager." She laughs and runs off toward the store.

Wow! This thing is going to do so much for my sex life. I'm imagining a hundred different uses, as I drive back to Uncle Harry's house.

When I get there mom is still working at uncle Harry's desk, clearly frustrated.

"Hi mom." I say as I enter the basement. "Still not going so well, huh?"

"Hi Nick." She looks up. "No, I'm getting it sorted out, but it's just taking so long and sitting here hour after hour not moving, I'm just getting so frustrated and tense." She rolls her shoulders.

"Here, mom" I say, moving behind her and rubbing her shoulders. "Let me help relieve some of the tension." As I massage her shoulders, I feel how tense her muscles are especially under her shoulder blades.

"Mmm. That feels good, thanks." Mom says, putting down her papers and leaning back in her chair. Then it hits me, I can just zap her with the transmitter and tell her to relax. I keep one hand on her shoulder, as I dig the ear buds out of my pocket and put them on. I dial the thumb wheel and find her frequency then hit the button.

"Mom, I want you to relax all the muscles in your body." As soon as I say it she slumps in the chair and I feel the tension go out of her back muscles. This is amazing! It is good for something besides getting me laid. I'm going to try a post transmission suggestion.

"Mom, I want you to stay relaxed even when you are working at the desk." I'm not sure that's specific enough. Maybe I need to give her something specific to do. "What do you usually do to relax, mom?"

"I masturbate." She says in the now familiar monotone. Holy shit! That certainly wasn't what I was expecting.

"You masturbate to relax?" I ask to make sure I understand.

"Yes, ever since your dad left with that bimbo with the fake tits, that's been my only option." This is a lot more information than I need. Dad left us five years ago. He still provides financial support but hasn't attempted to contact Susan or I since he left.

"Mom, do you need to masturbate now, to relieve the built up tension?" I ask, not sure what I'll do with the answer.

"Yes, that would help a lot." She says. Wait, she doesn't have to masturbate at all. It's the orgasm that relaxes her and I already know that can be triggered.

"Mom, you are now going to have an orgasm as powerful as any you've had while masturbating." As soon as I say it, she tenses up, squeezes her knees together, starts squirming around on the chair, her hands fly up to her tits, mauling them as she throws her head back, moaning.

"Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Fuck! Oh my god! Ohhhh!" Mom's doubled over, rocking in the chair, moaning and rubbing her knees together. Suddenly, her whole body convulses, she slumps in the chair with her legs wide apart, her arms hanging to her sides and her chest heaving, as she catches her breath.

"Mom, you won't remember this orgasm." But I will. Damn! I can't believe I just watched my own mother have an intense orgasm. "You will just feel very relaxed from me rubbing your shoulders. You will go upstairs and take a nap for the rest of the afternoon, awakening for dinner, refreshed and relaxed." I push the button to stop the transmitter.

"Wow! You really know your back rubs, mister." Mom says sitting up, yawning. "I'm going to leave this for a while and take a nap. As she gets up, her legs are wobbly. "That's odd." She says, struggling to stay standing. As soon as she takes a step, she looks down at her shorts. There is a wet circle in the crotch of her white shorts. Shit! How stupid of me. Next time I'll just give her a post transmission suggestion to go upstairs and masturbate to a powerful climax. Mom looks at me and hurries out of the basement.

I figure there has got to be more information about this device in uncle Harry's computer and I spend the afternoon searching through files and documents without finding it. At four o'clock the doorbell rings. When I answer it, I'm facing a very attractive girl about my age. She's wearing sweat pants that hang so low on her hips that she's almost showing pubic hair and a cropped top that hangs just below her pert little tits. She has short brown hair that hangs over her forehead and she's very fidgety.

"Is Harry here? Of course, he's not here. I know he can't be here because he died. But I still can't help coming over here every afternoon at four o'clock to see Harry. Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! What is wrong with me?" The whole time she's talking, she's bouncing around on the balls of her feet, slapping her legs with her fists and turning her head from side to side. I think I know what's going on and I invite her in to find out. She comes in and goes directly to Harry's library. As I follow her I can't help but notice what a great ass she has. The sweat pants are pulled tight and have ridden up in the crack of her ass, outlining her perfectly round cheeks that kind of ripple against each other as she walks.

"I'm Nick." I tell her. "Harry was my uncle." She's standing in the middle of the library, still fidgeting.

"Oh." She says. "I'm sorry for your loss. I'm Nicole. I live two doors down. I wonder what I'm doing here." She's staring at me.

I put in my ear buds. "Just a minute and I might be able to help you." I say spinning the thumb wheel. There she is.

"Sit down, Nicole." I say and she immediately sits on the couch. "Relax and tell me everything that you and uncle Harry did, even the stuff that he told you not to remember." With this last command I'm taking a shot in the dark, but it's worth a try. "And Nicole, just tell me in your regular voice with all the intonation, not in a monotone."

"I started coming over here to do my homework after school because no one was home at my house and Harry has every book I'd ever need. He's also really smart and can help with any homework I have. One day he puts those ear things in just like you did and starts asking me all sorts of questions. I'm trying to remember what we did, but he told me not to remember." She's clearly trying, but it's not coming.

"Just relax Nicole and let it come. Don't try too hard to remember." I'm about to prompt her, but I'd rather she remember on her own.

"He took pictures of me. I remember that!" She sounds pleased with herself.

"What kind of pictures? How were you dressed?" I ask. I'm getting a different picture of uncle Harry than the mild mannered eccentric I thought he was.

"I don't think I was wearing anything. That's odd. Yes, I was definitely naked. Oh, and I was masturbating, that's it! He also took movies!" She's getting excited about remembering, but what she's saying isn't really registering.

"You said he asked you questions." I prompt her.

"Yeah, he asked me all about my boyfriends, what we did, if I was a virgin, that kind of thing. I told him everything." She answers matter-of-factly.

"How old are you Nicole?" I ask, worried about the answer.

"I'm eighteen, my birthday was last summer." Thank God!

"When did you start coming over to Uncle Harry's house to do homework?" I ask.

"Since right after school started in September." She was already eighteen, that's good! "And I remember he told me to come over here everyday after school. Everyday, Monday through Friday at four o'clock and not to wear anything under my sweats." "So you're not wearing anything under your sweats, now?" I ask, excitedly. I'm about to tell her to show me, when suddenly I flash on how fidgety Nicole was when she came to the door. That could be Carolyn, from the mall parking lot if I don't show up tomorrow. A sense of guilt is starting to creep into my fun.

"No. I'm not." She says. I don't ask her to show me. Not yet anyway.

"Did you and Harry do anything else or did he just take pictures, Nicole?" Those pictures have to be here somewhere and I know they're not on his computer. I need to find his camera and video equipment.

"I'm not sure. I mainly remember posing for pictures, especially masturbating. He had me use a vibrator I think. It was really exciting." She sounds like she's reciting something rather than showing genuine excitement.

She seems like a nice girl and I'm thinking she's been taken advantage of enough. I'm going to wait until I find uncle Harry's pictures to decide what to do about Nicole. For now I'm just going to reset her commands.

"Okay, Nicole. From now on you don't have to come over to Harry's anymore unless you want to, okay?"

"Okay."

"You will not remember what you told me. You will just know that you won't feel like you have to come here everyday after school and you'll thank me for my help." I decide to just leave it at that for now and turn off the transmitter.

"Hey! You fixed it, didn't you?" She's genuinely excited. "Thank you so, much Nick!" She stands up and gives me a big hug, pushing her firm, braless tits against my chest. My cock immediately responds and I shift my legs sideways to keep from poking her.

"Your welcome. My mom and I will be here all week, I hope you won't be a stranger, just because you're not compelled to come over."

"I won't. I'll come back and see you real soon. Thanks again." She says and she runs out the door. Damn! Uncle Harry, you sure picked a great looking girl to experiment on, now where are those pictures. I've pretty much exhausted the library while I was looking for the safe and mom has gone through the entire office, so I head for Harry's bedroom. I start searching the logical places, under the bed, between the mattresses, inside, under and behind dresser drawers and even behind paintings. I'm just about to give up when I find a CD holder on the shelf in the closet. It's got 4 CDs in it. No, wait. These aren't CDs they're DVD-ROMs. Bingo! I run back to the library to uncle Harry's computer.

The first one I insert in the DVD drive is labeled NST01. There is also an NST02, NST03 and NST04. The computer is in auto-play mode and it mounts the DVD. There is an MS-Word file, an mpeg video file and a folder full of jpeg files. I open the jpegs first because I want to see if they are pictures of Nicole. They aren't. They are pictures of an older woman about my mom's age. The pictures show her in various stages of undress, then various nude poses; bent over, legs spread, masturbating and some close ups of her erect nipples and wet pussy lips. She's a very attractive woman and my cock is responding, especially to the one with her legs spread and her fingers buried in her pussy. She's got big tits with large rose-colored areolas and thick nipples. She's sitting on the couch in Uncle Harry's library with her head back, eyes closed and her legs spread wide apart. The thick black hair that surrounds her puffy wet pussy lips appears to be completely natural and untrimmed.

I open the video file next and find a twenty-minute video of the same woman. The beginning of the video uncle Harry is interviewing her. She's completely naked and is answering his questions in a monotone, which means he probably has the transmitter on. After asking her about sex with her husband, which she admits isn't very good, uncle Harry zooms the camera in on her breasts, until the entire screen is filled with just her tits. He tells her to harden her nipples and without any stimulation, other than uncle Harry's command, I watch her nipples grow fully erect. The video jumps to a close up of her pussy. Her legs are spread wide apart and her pussy lips almost fill the screen. Harry tells her to lubricate her pussy without having an orgasm. Unbelievable! Her lips puff out, quiver slightly apart and the glistening moisture of pussy juice produces a visible coating over her puffy lips. They continue to open a little bit more and I watch her juice ooze out. The next command is for her to orgasm without pulling her legs together. I guess uncle Harry wants to make sure he gets the shot. This time I hear the woman moaning, her legs start to tremble, her pussy lips appear to flutter open of their own accord and her clit is visibly erect. Her pussy lips are twitching and her body is shaking when suddenly her pussy opens wide and juice gushes out in a steady flow, running down the crack of her ass. My cock is rock hard watching this sexy woman's body respond to uncle Harry's commands.

The rest of the video appears to have been shot on different days and uncle Harry has the woman masturbate with a variety of items including her fingers, a dildo and a vibrator. On some days he commands her to masturbate but not orgasm. On other days, he commands her to masturbate to orgasm. These appear to be almost clinical experiments. I fast forward through most of it because I want to see the one with Nicole. I close the mpeg file and open the word document. These are uncle Harry's notes about the various experiments he ran. It reads like a lab report. Subject was instructed to... and results are... etc. He never mentions the woman by name, simply refers to her as NST01, which means she was probably the first subject. He even cross-references the still pictures and video with the experiments in the document. I eject the disc and put in NST02.

This one is Nicole. I flip through the stills and my cock starts throbbing looking at the close up of her creamy white mounds with their puffy pink nipples. The close ups of her wet pussy are amazing and makes me wish I'd had her undress today when I had the chance. Her puffy lips, streaked with moisture, are encircled by fuzzy brown hair that opens into a full triangular bush over her pubic mound. I'm more interested in the video and this one I want to watch from start to finish. It starts with Nicole completely naked on uncle Harry's bed. She's leaning against the headboard with her legs spread apart and uncle Harry is interviewing her, but is not visible in the video.

"How old are you?" He asks.

"Eighteen, last month." She answers in that same monotone, I've gotten used to hearing.

"Are you a virgin?" He asks her next.

"Yes."

"Do you have a boyfriend?" Uncle Harry voice comes from behind the camera.

"Yes."

"What sexual experiences have you and your boyfriend had?" Uncle Harry seems to be having problems keeping a professional tone to his voice.

"He's sucked my nipples, put his fingers in me and we've had oral sex." Nicole answers matter-of-factly.

"Have you sucked his cock?" Uncle Harry asks.

"Yes, many times."

"Do you swallow his cum?" Uncle Harry's voice is sounding more breathless with each question.

"Yes."

"Do you like the taste of it?" I think the questions are beyond his experiments now, but I'm stroking my cock watching this sexy, naked girl talk about sucking cock.

"It's okay. I don't do it for the taste; I just really enjoy getting him off.

This is where the camera zooms in on her tits and I hear uncle Harry tell her to harden her nipples. Her puffy nipples on the tips of her firm, round tits pucker noticeably and the tips of her nipples protrude a little farther than they did. This is absolutely amazing and I'm really stroking my cock frantically while staring at Nicole's erect nipples. The switch to the close up of her pussy has me shooting my load into a napkin. Her teenage pussy lips are already a little puffy when uncle Harry tells her to lubricate them. At first nothing happens, then I see juice oozing out of her slit and her lips part slightly allowing more of her syrup to run out. When uncle Harry commands her to orgasm her puffy lips start to spasm and her legs shudder. Her lips are too puffy for me to see if her clit is erect, but a moment later juices start gushing out from between her lips and her whole body is quivering. God Damn, she's hot!

She also goes through the various masturbation experiments except there's a new one. This time uncle Harry has a vibrator inside her pussy, turned up to high, and commands her not to orgasm. My cock is stirring again as I watch her pussy shake and tremble and produce a steady flow of lubricating juices without any relief. There is over five minutes of this and instead of commanding her to finally orgasm, uncle Harry just shuts off the vibrator and removes it from her sopping wet pussy.

"How do you feel?" He asks her.

"Fine." Nicole answers in a steady monotone.

"Do you feel any urges to touch yourself or masturbate?"

"Not really." That is fucking amazing. She's sitting there dripping pussy juice and it doesn't even affect her. What he's doing is almost sadomasochistic, but I'm intrigued.


The video cuts off and I just sit there with my semi-hard cock trying to make sense of all of this. I open the MS-Word file and print the document. I plan to go back and print the first one too. I think if I study his notes I may be able to understand these experiments.

I put the next disc in the computer, just as I hear mom getting up from her nap. She goes into the bathroom and I decide to just take a peek at the pictures before she comes downstairs. What a fucking shock when I open the first picture and I'm staring at a naked picture of my mom. She's sitting on uncle Harry's bed in the exact same position as Nicole. Shit, I can't believe uncle Harry would do this to my mom. She has a nice body and I can't help but stare at her, as my cock gets harder. Her medium sized tits are about halfway between the size of Nicole's teen tits and the woman on the first disc's large ones. A tan line cuts them in half as they lay against her chest, her nipples pointing slightly to the sides. She has large areolas for the size of her tits and they are darker than I would have expected or just look that way against the white part of her breasts. My eyes roam across her flat stomach to her patch of brown pubic hair, trimmed into a neat triangular patch above her protruding pussy lips.

I don't have time to look at anymore right now because I hear mom coming down the stairs. I close the file, eject the disc and hide all four discs in the safe behind the books where I originally found the transmitter.

"Ready for some dinner, sweetie?" Mom calls from the hallway.

"Sure, what can I do to help?" I ask walking out to meet her. When I see her, I can't help but think of how she looked naked and I'm trying to hide the bulge in my pants. Mom is wearing a t-shirt without a bra and shorts that fit her ass nicely. I'm following her toward the kitchen, watching the sway of her ass and the way her shorts stretch across her round ass cheeks. I never thought of my mom sexually before but after seeing that video, I can't wait to go watch the rest of it.

"Why don't you set the table?" Mom asks when we get to the kitchen. "We're just having soup and sandwiches if that's alright." She says getting the cans of soup out of the cupboard. When she bends over to get the soup pan out, I'm again staring at her luscious ass. Mom keeps herself in shape and her ass is round and firm. I'm setting the table and trying to catch a glimpse of my mom's nipples through her t-shirt but the material is too thick and her nipples are not aroused. I can't believe that I'm suddenly obsessed with seeing my mom's body. What the fuck, I'm just going to get her to strip. I pull out the transmitter, put in the ear buds and tune in her frequency.

"Mom, please turn the stove off and come over here." I tell her, sitting down at the kitchen table. I know this is wrong but I'm just going to look and besides I've already seen naked pictures of her. Mom does as she's told and is standing in front of me.

"Take..." I have to clear my throat. "Um... take off your clothes." I almost can't say it, even though I know I can make it so she doesn't remember.

Mom pulls her t-shirt over her head and I get a close up view of her beautiful tits. They are so much more exciting in real life than on the video and I'm stroking my cock through my shorts. Mom bends forward almost putting her tits in my face and pulls her shorts and panties down. As I stare at her neatly trimmed pussy, she's standing there awaiting further instructions.

"Mom, have you had sex since dad left?" I ask her, while running my fingers through her pussy hair and bending my face down to stare at her pussy lips.

"Yes." Whoa! I never knew she even dated anyone.

"Who with?" I ask.

"Uncle Harry." She answers. Wow! Mom fucked her own brother! I wonder if she was under his control, or they had done it before.

"When did you have sex with Uncle Harry?" I ask.

"Last December when Susan and I visited. Uncle Harry took some pictures and then he gave me several orgasms, I gave him a blowjob and we fucked." She says in that trancelike monotone. I've got my face in front of her pussy and I'm breathing in her scent. My cock is rock hard, but I have to know one more thing.

"Had you and Uncle Harry ever had sex before?" I ask her, while having second thoughts about whether I want to hear the answer.

"No." Okay, I know I said I was just going to look. But I didn't know that my sexy mother standing here naked was going to make my cock so fucking hard! Besides, she's already sucked and fucked her brother so it's not like incest would be anything new to her. Christ, I can rationalize when I'm thinking with my dick! I take off my shorts and stretch my legs out on either side of mom's body. It's just going to be this once. That's all.

"Mom, I want you to give me a blowjob." There I've said it. It's just a blowjob. It's not even sex if you believe our 42nd President.

Mom drops to her knees in front of my chair, takes my rigid cock in her hand and slides it into her warm mouth. She slowly glides it in and out of her mouth while coating my cock with her saliva. Then, cupping my balls with her other hand, she starts pumping me in and out of her mouth, bobbing her head up and down with a steady rhythm.

Oh Fuck! I can't believe my own mother is such a great cocksucker! She is pumping my cock in and out of her mouth while flicking her tongue all around it and gently massaging my balls. I know I'm not going to last very long and I don't even try. Her tits are slapping against my thighs and as her head bobs up I can see her nipples. I tell her to harden them and they are instantly erect, sticking out over half an inch from her beautiful tits. That puts me over the top and I shoot a huge load of cum in my mom's mouth. She continues pumping, sucking and swallowing, until I am completely drained.

When she's finished she just stands up and waits. I tell her to go brush her teeth and come back. I'm trying to decide if I want to give her any post transmission suggestions, as I get dressed.

"Mom, you won't remember getting undressed or giving me a blowjob." I tell her when she returns and stands in front of me. "From now on, whenever we're alone, here or at home, you will feel very affectionate toward me with a lot of touching and hugging. You will feel no modesty around me and be completely comfortable with us being naked around each other; you'll act as if it's the most natural thing in the world." That's as far as I'm going to take it for now. My mom has a great body and I know I want to see more of it.

A pounding on the door interrupts me. "Okay mom, get dressed and finish making dinner." I tell her taking the ear buds out. I wait until she's dressed to turn off the transmitter. Opening the door, Nicole is standing there out of breath.

"Nick, please help me!" She's tugging at my arm. "My dad's drunk and he's beating my mom, you have to help me!" I run with her to her house and I can hear her dad ranting before we even go inside. He's calling her mom a slut and telling her she's getting what's coming.

"Wait here!" I tell her, leaving her on the porch while I pull the transmitter out of my pocket. I put the ear buds in and start turning the thumb wheel as I walk into the living room. Nicole's mom is sitting on the floor against the couch covering her head with her arms while her dad flails away at her, yelling, "Slut! Bitch! Whore!" I find a frequency but it looks like its Nicole's mom's because she drops her arms. I freeze for a second because she's the woman from the first video! Holy shit! Uncle Harry did mother and daughter! I keep tuning and get another steady tone just as Nicole's dad is getting ready to kick her mom.

"Stop!" I yell and he freezes; I've got the right frequency. I walk up to him and whisper in his ear. "Walk into the kitchen, sit down and wait for me." I sit down beside Nicole's mom, her blouse is torn, and her bra is askew leaving her large tits completely uncovered. I put my arm around her and hold her to me.

"It's going to be all right." I whisper in her ear. "I'm going to fix everything, you won't have any more incidents like this." She's shaking and I can feel her tits heave while she catches her breath. "What do you want here?" I ask her as she starts to calm down. "Do you want a divorce? Do you want him to stop drinking? If anything you wished for could happen, what do you want?"

She leans her head back and looks in my eyes. "Who are you?" She asks.

"I'm Nick, Harry's nephew. I answer.

"Nick." She says, nodding her head. "He spoke of you." She sighs and says. "Anything? Then what I want is for him to be the way he was when we got married. Before he started staying out all the time, drinking and coming home mean like this. He's a good man when he isn't like that." She's crying and I hold her, stroking her hair. I see Nicole standing in the doorway.

"Take care of your mom, Nicole." I tell her. "I'm going to have a talk with your dad." I stand up and Nicole takes my place comforting her mom.

I go into the kitchen and sit down next to her dad. "What's your name?" I seem to always start there.

"Frank." He answers in the now familiar monotone.

"Well, Frank. Have you ever cheated on your wife?" I ask him.

"No"

"Good." That takes one problem out of the mix. "Frank, you are going to make some changes." I tell him. "First you are never going to hit anyone again unless it is to defend yourself or your family. Second, you will stop drinking alcohol of any kind and stop going out with your buddies. You will be an attentive, loving husband who enjoys being with his wife and doing everything she suggests. You will take her places, do whatever she wants and buy her nice things." What else? Thinking about what she said about her husband on the video, I add. "You will devote yourself to her complete sexual satisfaction. You will do whatever it takes to meet her sexual needs before satisfying your own." I'm trying to think if there is anything else I want to tell him. "Now you will go in the living room, apologize to your wife, beg forgiveness and commit to it never happening again." I turn off the transmitter and take out the ear buds as he's going into the living room. Not wanting to interrupt what's going on with Nicole and her parents, I just give her a little wave as I head home for dinner.

"Where have you been?" Mom asks, hugging me. Her tits push hard against my chest as she kisses my cheek. "I was afraid your soup was going to get cold." She says, smiling.

"I was at the neighbors for a minute. Do you know them, mom? They live two houses down, have a daughter my age named Nicole." I ask her.

"Yes, Frank and Maggie. They were friends of your uncle Harry's." She says. "I see why you're interested." She teases. "Nicole is a very attractive girl, isn't she?" Mom is grinning from ear to ear.

"Yes, mom she is." I answer, but I'm staring at my mom's tits, remembering how she looks naked and the fantastic blowjob she gave me this afternoon. My cock is getting hard and I finish dinner in a hurry so I can get back to the computer. After we clean up the dishes, mom gives me another generous hug, pressing her whole body against mine, before going back to the basement to continue working. I head for the library.

I get the discs out of the safe, put NST03 in the computer and go right to the video file. It starts the same as all the others with Mom sitting naked on uncle Harry's bed with her legs spread wide apart and uncle Harry interviewing her about her sex life. My cock springs to life at the sight of my mom with her pussy exposed like that.

"How many times have you had sex since Daryl left, Elaine?" Uncle Harry asks mom.

"None." She answers in that flat, dull tone caused by the transmitter.

"Why not?" he asks.

"I just haven't found anyone I want to have sex with and I've been busy with the kids." She answers.

"Have you ever had sexual feelings towards me?" This is different than the other interviews.

"Yes, when we were in high school I used to fantasize that you'd be my first lover and take my virginity." Mom's monotone answers seem so weird because she's sitting there naked with her tits and her pussy exposed.

"I wish I'd known that." Uncle Harry says, almost under his breath. Then he takes mom through the familiar exercises. My cock gets rock hard watching the close up of mom's nipples and pussy. When he tells her to lubricate her pussy, the close up is incredible! Her neatly trimmed pussy hair leaves her lips totally exposed and I watch them part slightly and start to shine with moisture with barely any movement. Soon they are coated with juice and it's running down her ass. When he commands her to orgasm, I watch mom throw her head back and spread her legs wider apart, her pussy lips quivering and oozing juice. I watch her clit emerge from its hooded covering and with a shudder, her lips are wide open and thick cream is pouring out of her pussy. I'm so fucking hard; I'm rubbing my cock through my shorts.

Unlike the other videos, uncle Harry doesn't have mom masturbate. Instead he sets up the camera for an angle shot of the bed and gets into the picture himself, sliding his head up between mom's legs. He's naked and I watch as he laps up the juices flowing out of mom's pussy. He stops because she's not responding. Harry's facing the same problem that I had with Carolyn at the mall. I'm anxious to see how he resolves it.

"Elaine." Harry says, kneeling between her legs. "When I turn off the transmitter, you will be sexually aroused and anxious for me to eat your pussy. You will see this as your long lost fantasy finally coming true and eagerly engage in uninhibited sex with me all afternoon. When I say the words 'cum now' it will trigger a very powerful orgasm for you. When I say, 'Thank you for a lovely afternoon.' You will forget everything that happened and believe that we spent the afternoon playing chess. Do you understand?"

"Yes." Mom answers. Goddamn! I can't believe what I'm about to watch. Uncle Harry leaves the view of the camera and I watch mom blink her eyes and look off to the left of the camera.

"Oh, Harry!" She says, seductively while sliding down on the bed, pulling her knees up and spreading her legs. "Come eat my pussy, Harry!" Wow! I've never heard mom talk like that before.

Uncle Harry is back on the bed with his head between mom's legs. I can only see his head moving around and hear mom moaning and encouraging him.

"Oh Harry, Yes! That's what I need! Oh, Fuck! That's great! Ohhhh!" She yells and I lower the volume on the computer speakers so mom won't hear this. It's obvious he doesn't have to tell her to cum.

"I'm... cumming... Harry... keep... doing... that... Ohhh..." She gasps out the words one at a time as her whole body shakes. I watch mom lift her head and shoulders off the bed, twist her hips to the side and hold uncle Harry's head against her pussy with her hand. She jerks wildly against his head, her tits bounce on her chest and then she collapses back on the bed, squeezing his head between her legs. I've got my cock out of my shorts now and I'm stroking it viciously as I watch my mom climax.

Uncle Harry slides his body up over hers and they start kissing passionately. I watch him maneuver his ass around until he must have his cock positioned against mom's pussy.

"Oh yes, Harry! Fuck me! Fuck my burning pussy, Harry!" Mom moans. I watch Harry's ass clench and his hips thrust forward while mom raises her knees higher and wider apart. Uncle Harry starts pumping into her with a steady rhythm while mom pushes her ass off the bed to meet each plunge of his cock. I pick up their rhythm and I'm jacking my hard cock along with them. I have never seen my mother look so sexy; she is ten times better than any porn star. She fucks with a wild abandon that I have never seen anywhere. I wonder if she is always like that or if uncle Harry's command about uninhibited sex is driving her. Meanwhile, she's got her legs wrapped around his ass and is pulling him deeper inside her, as she bucks wildly against his thrusts.

"Ohhh my God! Harry! I'm cumming again!" Mom is completely out of control, shaking her head from side to side, digging her nails into uncle Harry's back and bouncing around on the bed like it's a trampoline. Her legs are still around uncle Harry's ass or she'd probably bounce him right out of her. Slamming her head back into the pillow, she stops moving and her whole body shudders as she holds uncle Harry tightly against her.

"Oh my God, Harry! That was wonderful!" Mom is saying, while trying to catch her breath. "I needed that! It's been so long. Thank you, Harry." Mom says, kissing him and gently rocking her body against his. After kissing and rocking for a few minutes, uncle Harry rolls over and lies on his back beside her. His cock is still hard and pointing right to the ceiling.

"I haven't cum yet, sis." Uncle Harry says, turning his head toward mom. "How about if you finish me off?" He's smiling at her and nodding at his cock.

"My pleasure." Mom purrs, kisses him on the lips and then kneels between his legs. The camera angle shows mom's side and part of her shapely ass as she takes uncle Harry's pussy-soaked cock in her hand and slides her lips down over the head. I can see her tits hanging over him and her hard nipples brushing against uncle Harry's legs as her head bobs up and down, on his cock.

"I always knew you'd be a great cocksucker, sis." Uncle Harry says as he raises his ass off the bed and shoves his cock deeper into mom's mouth. "What you're doing with your tongue is absolutely amazing, Elaine! Oh Fuck! Keep doing that! I'm about to fill up your mouth!" Uncle Harry shouts.

Mom picks up the pace and is furiously jacking uncle Harry's cock in and out of her mouth with her hand. Uncle Harry is responding by pushing his ass higher off the bed, trying to get more of his cock into her mouth. With a single tremor, uncle Harry shoves his ass up way up off the bed and holds it there, his tense body jerking spastically against mom's mouth. Watching my mom sucking and swallowing uncle Harry's cum, is the last straw for me and jerking my hand wildly I shoot my load into a tissue, as mom finishes swallowing uncle Harry's cum. On the computer monitor, mom is cleaning up uncle Harry's cock with her tongue then lies down on top of him with her head on his shoulder.

"I've waited a lot of years for that, Harry." Mom says. "What took you so long?"

"I never knew." He says, stroking her hair. "Come on, let's take a shower, shall we?" They get up and the video ends. Uncle Harry must have turned off the camera. Whew! I wonder how much of that mom remembers. I asked her about it while the transmitter was on and she remembered the fucking and the blowjob. I'm about to change to disc number four when I hear mom climbing up the basement stairs. I stash the discs back in the safe and switch to a computer game before she enters the library.

"What're you playing?" Mom asks, as she starts massaging my shoulders.

"Nothing good!" I say. "Uncle Harry doesn't have any really good games, I'm done here." I tell her, shutting down the computer. When I turn the desk chair around, I am again struck by how sexy my mom looks. It could be that I've just been jerking off to a video of her fucking uncle Harry, but my cock is stirring again. How many times can a person cum in one day? This is some kind of record for me!

Mom surprises me by sitting on my lap, putting her arms around my neck and her legs over the arm of the chair. "I love you, Nick." Mom says, kissing my cheek and running her hands through my hair. "Have I told you lately how lucky I am to have a wonderful son like you?" I wonder if I overdid the post transmission suggestion. I also wonder if mom can feel my cock under her ass.


"I love you too, mom." I answer. "You're the most beautiful, loving mom in the entire world!"

"I was just going up to take a shower." Mom says. "Would you be a sweetheart and wash my back for me? I can feel my shirt sticking to my back and I didn't bring my back scrubber with me." Oh my god! Fuckin'-a right, I will!

"Sure mom." I answer as she stands up and I follow her upstairs to the bathroom. My face is level with her ass, as she climbs the stairs, and I love the way her form fitting shorts wrinkle in an arc around her firm, round ass cheeks. I watch the see-sawing action of her cheeks, as they alternate making perfect bubbles in her shorts with each step she climbs. My cock hardens in anticipation of soaping her naked body in the shower.

Mom goes into the master bathroom, which has a large glass enclosed shower with tile seats on two sides. She reaches in and turns the water on adjusting the spray. As the water heats up, she pulls off her t-shirt and drops her shorts. My mother is standing in front of me in a pair of blue bikini panties!

I can't take my eyes off her tits and my cock is straining inside my shorts. As she reaches into the shower, adjusting the temperature of the water, her tits swaying gently under her arm. Stepping back she strips off her panties and once again I've got a birds-eye view of her magnificent pussy.

I'm trying to remember the exact words I said to mom that makes this possible. I know I told her to forget her modesty and to be affectionate and touching, I guess that would include taking a shower together. I wonder what will happen when she sees how hard my cock is. I'm not sure my post transmission suggestion covered that. I wonder if she can take a shower with me and keep it completely asexual.

"Come on, Nick." Mom says, stepping into the shower. "I'll wash your back, too if you want." She turns around under the spray getting her entire body wet and then applies body wash to her arms and stomach. I take my clothes off, follow her into the shower and stand behind her with my rigid cock inches from her ass. She turns around, smiling at me as she soaps her tits.

"Here mom." I say, putting my hands on her tits and rubbing them all around. "I'll do that."

"Mmm. Thanks." Mom says, closing her eyes as I rub my hands over her soapy tits, pressing my palms against her nipples, squeezing and kneading her fleshy mounds. I can't fucking believe this! I'm actually massaging my mom's tits in the shower! My cock is so fucking hard! I move my fingers until I'm just touching her nipples, pinching them slightly to see if they get hard.

"That feels nice, Nick." Mom says as I feel her nipples harden between my fingers. Yes! I pinch and tease her nipples for a while, then soap my way down her stomach until I'm washing her neatly trimmed bush. I stop short of her pussy, waiting to see if mom invites me to go farther by spreading her legs. When she doesn't, I slide my hands around and begin soaping her ass cheeks. Cupping her cheeks in my hands I pull her against me, her tits sliding around on my chest as my cock glides across her slippery, hair covered mound. I kiss her on the forehead.

"My, you've really become a man, haven't you?" Mom says as she runs her hands up and down my back, cupping my ass cheeks and grinding her mound against my cock. "I hadn't noticed before." She says moving her hands between us and soaping my cock and balls. "Is this because of Frank and Maggie's daughter?" Mom asks, smiling knowingly.

"No, mom." I say, almost breathless from her expert handling of my cock. "It's because I'm naked with you I the shower!"

"Yeah, right!" Mom says with a wink. "Nice try at flattery, but no one gets hard like this over his mother." She laughs. "Since your father isn't here, I guess it's up to me to have the father-son talk with you." Mom gets serious, while all the while stroking my cock up and down and running her fingers across my balls. I'm humping my cock into her hand and getting ready to cum again!

"All I have to say is, you better be careful where you put this. And, of course, always practice safe sex." I can't hold back and I shoot a thick string of cum all over mom's arm. She looks down and frowns. "That was awfully quick, wasn't it?" She says. "You're going to have to work on that if you want to satisfy any of your girl friends. Just some motherly advice." She says winking, letting go of my cock and turning around. "Now wash my back, like you said you would."

What the fuck? I just shot a load of cum on my mom's arm and all she does is tell me I came too quickly. I feel like I'm in some kind of alternate reality created by that damn transmitter.

"I'm really tired." Mom yawns after we've dried each other off. She gives me another big hug, pressing her naked body against mine and says. "I'm going to bed now." We walk naked into uncle Harry's bedroom and I can't believe it when she says sleepily, "You can sleep in here, too, if you'd like, Nick." She turns on her side away from me as I slip under the covers and spoon my body against hers. I lay my arm across her side and rest my hand just under her breasts. I'm thinking seriously about getting the transmitter and changing mom's post transmission suggestion. This is too much and not enough at the same time. I'm not sure whether I should cancel her suggestions altogether or give her more like the one that made her suck and fuck uncle Harry. I'm still trying to decide when I fall asleep.

I wake up as mom's coming out of the bathroom. She yawns and stretches and says, "Good morning, how did you sleep?" I watch her tits flatten against her chest as she reaches her arms over her head and arches her back to the left and the right. This pushes her pussy toward me and I feel my cock start to move the sheet around.

"Great, mom!" I say, raising my knees up so my morning erection won't show. "How about you?"

"Of course you slept great." She says. "You're a man. You cum once in the shower and fall into the sleep of the dead." She laughs. I can't believe I'm having this conversation with my mom. "What's on your agenda today?" She asks, bending over the bed and kissing me on the cheek, her perfect tits hanging down over my chest. This is torture, I decide. One way or another I'm going to change her suggestions.

"I don't know. I thought I'd go to the mall again." I answer, thinking about Carolyn.

"Well I hope to finish going through uncle Harry's papers today, then tomorrow I can see the lawyer." She's slipping on a tank top without a bra and pulling on a pair of panties, as I walk past her into the bathroom to brush my teeth. That's all she's wearing when I go into the kitchen to join her for breakfast. I can't believe how firm mom's tits are for her age. She looks amazing in the tank top, no sag at all. The material, stretching across her chest, gives no definition to her individual tits except for the firm round sides and the outline of her nipples, pushing against the thin material. We've finished eating and I'm just watching her clear the dishes when there is a knock at the door.

"You better put some more clothes on mom." I tell her as I go to answer it. It's Nicole.

"Hi." She says, "I just came over to thank you."

"Come on in." I open the door all the way. "Let's go in the library." I tell her as I stick my head in the kitchen and tell mom. "Mom, it's Nicole. We'll be in the library."

"Okay, dear." She says, winking at me. My god! What have I created? I'll deal with that later.

"Is your mom alright?" I ask Nicole as I follow her into the library. She's wearing another sexy pair of sweatpants and a thin top that stops well above her navel. The pants are stretched tightly across her shapely ass and riding up between her cheeks and my cock responds accordingly. When she turns around and I again see the front of her tank top, it appears that she's not wearing anything underneath it. Damn this girl is sexy! I remember how she looked in uncle Harry's video and I'm just staring at her when she breaks the silence.

"What was that thing?" She asks quizzically. "What did you do to my dad?" When I just stare at her, she adds, "It's great! You were wonderful, I just want to know what it is."

"How has he been?" I ask, knowing that I haven't answered her question.

"Unbelievable. He's been so nice and he's been so concerned about mom, I just want to know how you did it." She says. When I hesitate, she adds, "Look, you saved my mom from getting really hurt and I think you've changed her life forever. I'm not going to do anything stupid or talk about this to anyone. I just want to know. It has something to do with those headphones and why I kept coming over here everyday doesn't it?"

I've been dying to tell someone about the transmitter and the power it provides. I look at Nicole and intuitively decide she might be a good choice. I sit next to her on the couch and tell her the whole story about finding uncle Harry's Neurological Submission Transmitter and how I tested it on mom to get the car. Taking a chance, I even tell her about Allison and Carolyn at the mall and then how I was able to reset her post submissive suggestions. I omit the part about finding the pictures and videos and that her mom and my mom are on them. I also don't tell her the suggestions I gave to mom or how they played out. She listens attentively, asking a question now and then. When I'm finished, she's smiling.

"I want to see it work." She says. "And I know just the person, come on." She's standing up and moving towards the door.

"Wait." I yell. "Where are we going?" I open the safe and take out the transmitter, not letting Nicole see the discs.

"There's this asshole who lives behind us who is always making lewd comments to me. I think we can fix him." She's all excited when she says it.

"What kind of lewd comments?" I ask.

"Oh, like when I'm in our backyard sunbathing, he tells me graphically how he'll make a woman out of me or when he sees me on his street he grabs his crotch and says I've got a big lollipop for you. I haven't told my dad because this guy looks like a big biker and I'm afraid of what would happen. But you can change him!" She says confidently.

With the transmitter in my pocket, we work out a game plan, as we walk around the block to the front of his house. I walk up to the house, while Nicole stands off to the side. When he opens the door, I glance at Nicole, she nods that it's him and I start turning the thumb wheel. Got him!

"What the fuck do you want?" He asks just before the frequency hits him and he stares trancelike at me.

"What's your name?" I ask him.

"Fred." He says, in the standard monotone reply.

"Are you married, Fred?" I ask.

"Yeah." He answers.

"Fred, the next time you see Nicole your dick will go completely limp and shrivel to it's smallest size. After that, you will never make lewd comments to anyone again and you will be unable to achieve an erection with anyone except your wife. You will treat your wife with respect, satisfy her every desire and cater to her every whim. Do you understand?"

"Yeah." He says.

"Okay, your turn." I say, motioning to Nicole and turning off the transmitter. She prances up to the door and shakes her tits in his face.

"What do you want?" He asks, grabbing his crotch. "You come over for some of this man-size meat?"

"Yeah." Nicole says, smiling. "I finally decided that the only way to shut you up was to go ahead and give you what you want. So come on, lets see this man-sized meat you've been bragging about." Nicole is dancing around on his porch taunting him.

"Here it is." He undoes his jeans and reaches in to free his cock. There's obviously nothing man-sized down there and he's fumbling around and looking confused.

"What's the matter, Fred?" Nicole continues to mock him. "Can't get it up? You big pussy! How about I help you along. Will looking at these help you?" Nicole asks, pulling her shirt up and showing him her tits. I can't believe she just did that. My cock jumps inside my shorts. "Come on fuckhead! You don't know what you're missing." She says, pulling her sweat pants down to show him her pubic hair. "You've been bragging about that man-sized meat for weeks, so where is it?"

"Just... Just leave me alone." He says and closes the door. Nicole and I run around the corner of the house and fall down laughing. We sit up on the grass and lean against the side of his house.

"That was so fucking great!" She says, kissing me on the cheek. "Thank you! I love how you told him to respect his wife and stuff, that was pretty cool."

"I can't believe you exposed yourself to him!" I say. "That had to drive him absolutely nuts!"

"Was that too much?" She asks, laughing. "I kinda got carried away."

"No! That was great." I say, then softer. "At least, I thought it was great."

"Nick." She says, more quietly. "When you turned that thing on me yesterday, did you have me do anything? You know, like you did with the girls at the mall?" She asks, looking at me intently.

"No, Nicole!" I tell her. "Honestly, I only did what I told you."

"It's because of my tits, isn't it? You're not interested because I'm so flat chested, right?" Nicole says, quietly, her head hanging down, her eyes on the ground.

"No! You've got amazing tits!" I tell her. I turn toward her and make her look me in the eye, as I try to convince her. "I love your tits! I love the way they jiggle and how puffy your nipples are and how they pucker up when they get hard."

She's looking at me curiously. "How do you know...?" She stops. "You've got the pictures, don't you?" She says excitedly. "I want to see them!" Then more quietly, she says. "But you're just being nice about my tits. They really are too small."

How the fuck can I convince her. "Nicole, I'll show you the pictures and you'll see how totally sexy you are. What if I tell you I jacked off to your pictures yesterday, they were that sexy? Then would you believe me about your tits?" I can't believe I have to defend the fact that I didn't take advantage of her when I had the transmitter on.

"Then why did you have those other girls strip and stuff, but not me?" She asks quietly.

"I don't know. When I saw your pictures, I asked myself the same question. I think you just seemed so vulnerable yesterday and were so upset, it just didn't seem right."

"Oh, but it's alright to pick girls at random at the mall to give you head and fuck your brains out?" She laughs. "You have a weird code of ethics, you know that, Nick? When can we see the pictures?" She asks.

I look at my watch. "I have to go somewhere first." I tell her. "We can look at them when I get back."

"You're going to the mall to meet that black woman, aren't you?" She asks, excitedly. "I want to go with you!"

"You can't go with me! How would I explain that to her?" I say, astounded by her request.

"You don't have to explain anything anymore, remember? You've got the transmitter." She's right, but I'm still not convinced. "I just want to see it work. It sounds so hot! Please, Nick!"

"Okay." I'm trying to figure out how this is going to work, as we go back to my house and get my mom's car.

"What do you want to do?" I ask Nicole on the way to the mall. "Do you just want to meet her? Do you want to watch me fuck her? What?"

"I don't know." She says quietly. "It's just so erotic what you're doing, Nick. I want to be a part of it. " She turns to me. "This is the most exciting thing that's ever happened to me. I want to see it work and I can't do it alone. Even if you let me borrow the transmitter, which you wouldn't, what would I use it for? You think girls need a transmitter to get a guy to fuck them? How would we tell if it worked?" She laughs. "So yeah, I want to watch you fuck her. I want to see how you use the transmitter to get her to let me watch." We pull into the mall parking lot and Carolyn is already there, sitting in her car. I pull up next to her and put the ear buds in as she walks over.

"Hi Carolyn." I say as I tune her frequency.

"Hi" She says, very flatly.

"Carolyn, this is Nicole. She's going to join us today. You will not pay any attention to her presence. She will just be watching us. Her and I will be talking to each other, but you will act as if she isn't even here. If she decides to join our activities, you will treat her as an equal partner. When I turn off the transmitter you will invite us to join you somewhere private where we can spend an hour satisfying our sexual urges, okay?"

"Okay." She says and I turn off the transmitter.

"Hey." She says, hugging me and rubbing her hand up and down my hard cock as she starts kissing me in the parking lot. "I've got just the place for us to have some privacy." She whispers. "Come on."

We follow her into the store and up the elevator to the executive offices. In the elevator, Carolyn again wraps herself around me, pushing her tongue in my mouth and grinding her pussy against my hard cock. "Are you going to make good on your promise to eat my pussy?" She whispers breathlessly.

"Oh fuck!" Nicole says. "I can't wait." She is clearly excited about the voyeuristic aspects of all this.

"You bet I am!" I tell Carolyn. "I'm going to eat you and suck on you until you explode." I whisper.

"Mmmm. Yeah!" Carolyn says dreamily. She disengages from me as the elevator stops and she leads us down the hall to an office.

"I'm going use Bob's office for a meeting. We'll be about an hour, please see that we're not disturbed." She tells the secretary, as we walk right by into a big office with a desk, a couch and two side chairs. Carolyn closes and locks the door. "The store manager is gone today and his office is the only one with a lock." She smiles as she starts unbuttoning her blouse.

"Wow!" Nicole says, sitting in one of the side chairs, watching as Carolyn takes off her bra and is unzipping her skirt. I strip my clothes off and in no time our naked bodies are crushed against each other in a passionate embrace in the middle of the office. I'm a little self-conscious about Nicole watching, but Carolyn is completely oblivious to an audience and I get caught up in her fevered intensity.

We sit on the couch and I'm fondling her big brown tits, as I kiss my way down her neck. She leans her head back with a sigh when I put my lips around her nipple, nibbling on her thick black nub. I alternate between her nipples, sucking and biting, as my hand slides down through her thick, curly patch to her pussy lips. She spreads her legs, as I start running my finger up and down her aroused slit.

"Oh god, baby!" Carolyn moans. "I've been wet all morning thinking about you. I can't believe what you did to me yesterday!" She's pushing her pussy against my finger, trying to get it to slip inside. I keep teasing her by running my moist finger up and down her lips, but not penetrating.

"That was just a taste of what I'm going to do to you today." I tell her as I trail kisses down her stomach and kneel on the floor between her legs. I glance at Nicole and she is staring wide-eyed at the live porn show playing out a few feet away.

This is my first good look at Carolyn's sexy body. Her chocolate brown stomach darkens to almost black around her naval and then gradually turns brown again just before it reaches her thick pillow of black hair. The triangular patch is neatly trimmed and encircles her thick black pussy lips. Bending forward, I breathe in her scent, before planting kisses on her thighs and around her pussy. Her lips are glistening with her juices and almost begging to be licked but I ignore them to tease her a bit longer. She's squirming around and sliding her ass forward on the couch, trying to push her lips against my tongue. Spreading her knees, I flatten my tongue to its full width and take one long, slow lick from her ass all the way to her clit. This is the first black pussy I've seen up close and I'm fascinated by the two-toned look of her pussy lips with their dark black outside and shiny pink inside.

"Oh yes! Baby!" She says. "Eat my pussy!" I push my tongue between her thick pussy lips and begin lapping at her hot juices. Her taste is arousing and my cock is rock hard as I tongue fuck her and eat her delicious cream. She is responding to my tongue, humping her pussy against my mouth and spreading her legs wider apart.

"Oh! So good, baby!" She breathes, massaging her tits and pulling at her own nipples while I continue to eat her pussy.

I slide my tongue up to her clit and lick gently around it several times before sucking it into my mouth. I slip two fingers inside her steaming pussy and finger fuck her as I continue to suck her clit. She's bucking wildly now, thrusting her hips up while grinding her clit against my tongue. I suck her clit completely inside my mouth and flick my tongue across the tip of it while continuing to twist and turn my fingers inside her slippery, hot pussy.

I see movement out of the corner of my eye and then feel a hand wrap cautiously around my hard cock. Nicole has apparently decided to get in on the action. She doesn't say anything just starts stroking her hand up and down my rigid shaft. I attack Carolyn's pussy with renewed vigor pumping my fingers furiously while sucking and nibbling her clit.

"I'm cumming!" Carolyn yells, "Oh baby! Just like that! Oh fuck!" She clenches her pussy around my fingers, jerking wildly, her whole body shaking. I brace her from sliding off the couch, as her orgasm overtakes her and she gushes creamy juice all over my fingers and down her ass cheeks. I shift my mouth back to her pussy and hungrily lap up her delicious flow of syrup, while pumping my cock against Nicole's hand. Carolyn is leaning back gasping for breath, her magnificent brown tits swelling with each breath she takes. I keep lapping up more and more of her thick, tasty cream as I cover Nicole's hand with mine to stop her stroking. I don't really want to shoot cum all over the office floor.

I turn and smile at Nicole. She's breathing hard, kneeling next to me on the floor. Her sweat pants are partially off her hips giving the impression she's been getting herself off. "That was nice." I tell her. "What do you want to do now?" I ask.

"What do you mean?" she asks.

"Well, I was going to fuck Carolyn, but you look like you want to get in on some of this. Do you?" I'm not sure what I'm even suggesting. I am really anxious to get up on the couch and have Carolyn ride me home.

"No." She says quickly. "I'll just keep watching." I look back at Carolyn. She has her head back and her eyes closed while her breathing seems to have returned to normal. I lick a little more of her juice from around her pussy before working my way back up her body. I stop briefly to suckle her rigid, black nipples then kiss my way up her neck to her awaiting lips. I lick across her lips before pushing my tongue between them and she eagerly sucks it into her mouth, tasting her own juices.

"Ride me again, Carolyn. Like you did yesterday." I tell her as I break off the kiss and move to sit next to her on the couch. She doesn't hesitate. She slings her leg over mine and, in what seems like one fluid motion, impales herself on my very rigid cock. With her knees buried in the cushions on either side of me, she sits up straight and starts a rolling motion with her hips.

As I massage her tits with my hands, she starts massaging my cock with her pussy. Oh fuck! What she's doing with her pussy muscles is incredible. I lean my head forward and suck her hard nipple into my mouth and suckle like a baby while she rolls her hips forward, sliding my cock in and out of her burning hole. Just when I think it can't get any better she starts clenching and unclenching her pussy muscles around my cock and, with her hands on my shoulders, starts frantically bouncing up and down on me.

"Oh fuck! Carolyn! Yeah!" I moan as I feel her juices running down my, ass as she continues rolling her hips in a rippling motion over my cock, milking me with her pussy muscles. I'm pushing my ass up off the couch, matching her rhythm and shoving my cock deeper into her enflamed pussy.

I see Nicole, sitting on the floor behind Carolyn, her shirt pulled up over her perfect white tits and her pants halfway down her hips. She has one hand between her legs and the other one pulling on her nipples. I love looking back and forth between Carolyn's big brown tits with their thick black nipples and Nicole's pale white teen tits with her puffy pink nipples; what a contrast! From where Nicole's sitting she has a perfect view of my cock slamming up into Carolyn's wet pussy. Carolyn is picking up her speed, riding me harder and faster. I'm bucking wildly, watching Nicole play with herself while Carolyn bounces up and down, my hands still mauling her tits. She rides us into a deeply intense orgasm that has us both climaxing in a heated frenzy.

"Oh baby! Oh fuck!" She yells, riding out wave after wave of pleasure, as I shoot my load inside her pulsating pussy. I hug her to me, crushing her hard nipples against my chest, and look at Nicole collapsed on the floor behind us, shivering from the intensity of her own orgasm. Carolyn pushes her tongue in my mouth and we kiss passionately while our breathing returns to normal.

"Baby, I don't even know your name." She says, planting kisses all over my face and gently rocking her hips against my cock still buried in her pussy.

"Isn't that part of the excitement, Carolyn? Isn't fucking a complete stranger a turn on?" I ask her.

"Oh baby, you'd be a turn on even if I knew you. But yeah, you're right it is part of it." She smiles, lifts herself off of me and says. "Sorry baby, but I've got to get to work. When can we do this again?"

"I'm not sure. Give me your cell number and I'll call you." I tell her.

"I guess you enjoyed that." I say to Nicole as we're riding down in the elevator, having left Carolyn in the office.

"I've never seen anything like it!" She says, hugging me and I can feel her hard nipples pushing against my chest. "Thank you for letting me watch. That was amazing!" She's rubbing her body against mine and kissing me. "Oh my God! I can taste her juice in your mouth!" She says as I run my hands down her back, cupping her firm ass cheeks and pulling her tighter against me. "I want you to do that to me." She says. "I want you to eat my pussy like that!" We're still wrapped around each other when the elevator reaches the ground floor.

"I saw how much you liked her big tits." Nicole says, as we're driving back to uncle Harry's house.

"Are you still going on about the size of your tits?" I ask her, jokingly.

"Shit, Nick, her nipple is bigger than my whole tit!" She says.

I laugh at her exaggeration and slide my hand up under her top, cupping her left tit. Squeezing her firm, fleshy mound and rotating my hand in little circles, I lightly rub her nipple against my palm. "These tits?" I ask. "Are these the ones that you think I don't like?"

"Yes." She says sheepishly. I play with her tits for a few minutes before sliding my hand down her stomach and inside her sweat pants. I brush my hand through her silky patch of hair and run a finger down her slit. She's very wet and lets out a low moan as she spreads her legs apart.

"Is this what I'm suppose to eat?" I ask, pushing my finger inside her pussy and sliding it all around.

"Oh yeah!" she says.

"Well, let's see." I say, pulling my finger out of her pussy and sucking her juices off of it. "Mmmm, yeah. I think you've got a pretty good idea there." She's laughing and hitting me.

"You're gross!" she says. I slip my finger back inside her pussy and start finger fucking her while trying to keep my eyes on the road.

"Oh Fuck!" She says, spreading her legs wider, giving me better access to her pussy. With my finger in her pussy, my palm is rubbing against her mound. She's bucking against my hand, as I slip my fingers out of her hole and start rubbing her cream all over her clit.

"Oh my god!" She yells, raising her ass off the seat and pushing hard against my hand. I catch her clit, hood and all, between the knuckles of my middle and ring fingers, lightly pinching it as I roll my hand in a small circular motion.

"Oh fuck! That feels amazing." Nicole says, writhing around on the seat, pushing up against my fingers, twisting her body and raising herself up off the seat with her hand. Keeping her clit between my knuckles, I dip my fingertips in her juicy pussy, stroking her slit. We stop at a red light and the guy in the pickup truck next to us is smiling, as he watches Nicole thrashing around on the seat with my hand inside her sweatpants. I decide not to tell her.

"Ohhhh! Fuck, Nick! I'm cumming!" Nicole yells, her body is arched so high her pussy is level with the window and she starts jerking wildly against my hand as the light changes.

"Ohhhh! Yes!... Fuck!... Ohhhh!" She slams her pussy up against my hand, grabs my hand with hers to stop me from moving, and then collapses back on the seat, my hand still inside her sweatpants. I slide my fingers from around her clit and bury them in her sopping pussy, just holding them there, while she gulps air into her lungs. She's leaning back, her legs stretched out straight, her chest heaving as we pull into uncle Harry's driveway.

"Wow!" She finally says. "I needed that!"

"I thought you got yourself off in Carolyn's office." I say, slowly rocking my fingers inside her pussy.

"I did. But it's so much better when you do it!" She breathes.

"Come on." I say. "Let's continue this in bed!" I figure I better check on mom to make sure we're not interrupted. I show Nicole where my bedroom is and tell her I'll be right there, before I head to the basement. Mom has her back to me and is bent over uncle Harry's desk, still in just her tank top and panties.

What a sight! Mom's panty-clad ass looks so hot! Bent over like this, the thin material is tucked up around her cheeks, defining her perfectly round globes. Christ! I can't believe the life I'm suddenly leading. I just fucked a beautiful black woman, while being watched by a sexy white teenage girl, who is now waiting upstairs for me to eat her pussy and my mom is running around half naked, probably waiting to jack me off in the shower again. Un-fucking-believable!

Nicole is waiting, so I turn the transmitter on and tell mom to stay in the basement until I call her. I haven't had time to even think about what I'm going to do about her post transmission suggestions. Oh well, later.

When I get back upstairs to my bedroom, Nicole has made herself very comfortable. What a sight! She's laying on her back on my bed, completely naked, her head on my pillow and her eyes closed. I stop at the doorway, her sexy innocence taking my breath away. She has very shapely legs and her thighs curve perfectly into her round hips, that narrow at her waist, before leading up to her tits, that she's so self-conscious about. Her two perfectly round tits sit firmly on her chest a couple of inches apart from each other. Her puffy nipples appear to be one with her areolas, until sufficiently aroused that they extricate themselves from their surroundings and assert their own identity. Her flat stomach unfurls into a triangular patch of silky brown fuzz that serves as the gateway to her chaste pleasure center. With her legs slightly apart, I can see the slit formed by her pussy lips as they puff up against each other, still glistening with the moisture of her recent orgasm.

I silently remove my clothes and join her on the bed. She opens her eyes, smiles and holds her arms out for an embrace. I come into her arms, her nipples against my chest, my hard cock pressing against her fur-covered mound. Our mouths join in a passionate merger of tongues and lips, kissing, sucking and biting each other, which ignites a fiery urgency for more exploration.

Kissing my way down her neck, I suck her left nipple into my mouth while caressing her tit with my hand. She responds to my sucking and squeezing with a soft moan and I gently bite and nibble on her now rigid nipple. I do the same with her other breast, enjoying the hardness of her nipples between my lips.

"Nicole." I whisper as I kiss my way down her stomach. "I love your tits. They are so perfect and so responsive. You should never complain about them." I'm now rubbing my cheek against her pubic hair and licking her upper thigh. I lick all around her puffy lips, tasting her juices that have collected there after her orgasms. She has her legs wide apart and I slip my arms under her knees and rock her back, exposing her virgin pussy. Her moist slit is slightly open and I run the tip of my tongue up and down it.

"Oh! Yeah!" She breathes. "Eat me, Nick. Eat me like you did Carolyn!" I push my tongue all the way inside her wet cavern and lick around the inside, pulling out a tongue full of juice. The taste and aroma of her juices are intoxicating and I devour her succulent pussy and her delicious hot cream.

"Mmmm." She says, squirming on the bed and pushing her pussy against my tongue. I move my tongue in and out of her hot pussy, tongue fucking her as she humps my face. Her juices are flowing and my face is soaked when I shift my focus to her clit. Licking from inside her pussy up to her exposed clit, I cover it with saliva and pussy juice while sucking it into my mouth. Using my lips in a gentle sucking action, I flick my tongue against her clit several times before licking it feverishly.

"Oh fuck! That's it! Keep doing that! Ohhhh! Ohhhh! Eat... me... Nick... just... like... that!" She gasps out the last words while thrusting her hips off the bed, slamming her clit against my tongue. Grabbing a handful of my hair, she pushes my face hard against her gyrating pussy, yelling. "I'm cumming! Ohhhh! So fucking good!" She squeezes her legs together, pulls my face off of her clit and falls back on the bed, panting. I shake my head loose from her hand and begin lapping up the thick cream, still oozing from her quivering pussy.

"That was the best." She says as I continue to lick all around her pussy. "Fuck me now, Nick. Please fuck me!" She pleads. I reluctantly stop slurping her sweet nectar and slide my body up over hers, stopping briefly to suck her hard nipples on the way.

"Nicole, on the video with uncle Harry, you told him you were a virgin." I say quietly while lying on top of her with my cock head resting against her smoldering pussy lips. "Are you still?" I ask.

"Yes." She says, barely audible. "But I don't want to be, Nick. Please, I need to be fucked right now more than anything in the world!" She's almost crying. I slide my cock head little farther until I feel her lips part around it. I am nervous as hell! She's trusting me with an awful lot!

"I'll go slowly." I whisper. "But it still may hurt, Nicole." Trying to sound more confident than I am.

"I'm ready, Nick." She says, spreading her legs even wider than before and pulling her knees up. "I'm really ready!"

I inch my cock forward, sliding into her tight, virgin chasm. When the head is inside, her pussy lips wrap around my cock and I'm glad I already came with Carolyn so I don't shoot too soon. I rock back and forth giving her a chance to get use to my cock moving in and out between her pussy lips. She's already pushing back against me trying to get more of my cock inside her anxious, narrow pussy. The heat from her tight pussy, wrapped snuggly around my hard cock is making it excruciatingly difficult to go slow. I'm not even sure if slow is a good way to do this, I've never fucked a virgin before.

"Go ahead, Nick. Push it all the way in." She says, reassuring me. "I really want to feel your cock deep inside of me." I pull my cock back until just the head is inside her pussy then thrust my hips forward, burying about three-quarters of it inside her extremely tight snatch. Her hot pussy, clenched tightly around my throbbing cock is so sensually stimulating that I just lay there absorbing the sensations.

"Ohhh!" She yells. "Keep going. I'm okay!" She's not very convincing, with her eyes shut tight and her jaw clenched. Rather than just push, I again pull out nearly all the way and then lunge forward. This time crushing my pelvic bone against her clit as my cock disappears all the way inside her burning pussy. I give her a minute to get used to it before I start slowly rocking my body on top of hers, sliding my cock in and out of her tight, but well-lubricated hole. She opens her eyes, smiles and starts kissing me while, she moves her hips in rhythm with mine.

We're really fucking now. Our tongues are entwined in a hungry, passionate kiss while our bodies thrust, hump and grind against each other. Her virgin pussy emanates pleasure from every pore, as it envelops my cock in a tight, heated embrace. Gliding in and out of her snug, slick hole I feel the tension building in my balls and my rigid cock is begging for release.

"Oh my god! It feels so good! I didn't know... Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh! Fuck me!" She yells as we pick up our speed and I'm slamming my hard cock into her welcoming young pussy.

"I'm cumming again! Ohhh! Fuck! I... can't... believe... I'm... cumming... again!" She's panting and bucking wildly against my cock, as I ram it into her. All gentleness is gone now, as we reach a frenzied pace and I pound my cock into her, while she thrusts her hips up to match every stroke. She digs her nails into my back and clenches her pussy around my cock, as her body spasms through the first wave of her orgasm. This triggers my release and I shoot load after load of cum deep inside her virgin pussy. We're locked in a tight embrace, our bodies, tense and shaking, as we ride our rapturous release to its blissful peak.

We lay there gasping for breath, her hard nipples piercing my chest from the heaving of her breasts. I kiss her cheeks, her eyes, her chin and when I reach her lips she pushes her tongue deeply inside my mouth, crushing our lips together. The urgency of her kiss, coupled with a rocking of her hips and her hands groping my ass cheeks, keeps me securely inside her hot, syrupy pussy. Surprisingly, her urgency is contagious and my cock is already responding. I don't think I've ever recovered this quickly before. She continues rocking, sliding my semi-stiff cock in and out of her insatiable pussy.

"Can we really do it again?" She asks, rocking a little harder, increasing the length of my involuntary strokes. "Oh god! I really want to do it again." She says, excitedly, hugging me tighter.

"Yeah, Nicole." I whisper as my cock hardens even more. "I really think we can do it again. You've made me hard again in record time. Your incredibly tight pussy is making my cock as hard as a rock!" I say, pushing my tongue back in her mouth and increasing the speed of my strokes. Reaching back, I slide my arms under her knees and pull her legs up, nearly bending her in half. With her legs nearly pushed against her shoulders, my cock slides deeper inside her burning cunt and I start pounding her like a jackhammer.

"Oh, fuck! Oh Nick!" She moans. "That feels so fucking good! You're fucking me so hard. I love it!" I'm really hammering her and my balls are slapping against her ass as I bury my hard cock deeper and deeper into her tight, juicy pussy.

"Oh god! Ohh... Ohh... Fuck... me... hard... Fuck... me... ohh!" Nicole is gasping out each word on the down stroke of my cock as I pound into her slick, torrid cunt. I grab her ankles, already dangling above her shoulders, and push them wider apart, stretching her opening even more to my hammering onslaught.

"I'm cumming! Fuck! I'm cumming!" Nicole yells as I slam into her with a renewed ferocity. I can feel her already snug pussy clench more tightly around my throbbing cock, igniting my own eruption. Letting go of her ankles and tensing my legs, I thrust one last time inside her pulsating pussy, spewing my cum deep inside her. Pulling my arms out from under her legs, I collapse on top of her heaving chest. Our hearts are pounding inside our sweat soaked bodies, as we gulp air into our lungs. We just lay there basking in the afterglow of our frenzied lovemaking. I'm stroking her hair, brushing her matted bangs from her eyes and kissing all over her face.

"Holy shit!" She smiles. "That was so fucking amazing! When you pushed my legs up all I could do was lay there and get fucked. I loved it! Then, when you pushed my legs open wider and were fucking me so hard it was like you were fucking my whole body, not just my pussy! I just came and came and came!" She says, kissing me.

"I can't believe I got hard again so fast, Nicole." I tell her, between kisses. "Your pussy is so tight and so hot and so wet! I've never felt anything like it. You are amazing!"

"Nick." Nicole says quietly. "You didn't do anything to me with your transmitter, did you? I mean when you zapped me the other day, you didn't give me any messages about giving up my virginity or anything like that did you?"

"No! Absolutely not!" I tell her emphatically. "Nicole, this was all real! If I had done that, do you think I'd have told you about the transmitter? Do you think you'd be questioning me about it?"

"No, I just wanted to make sure." She says sheepishly. "Hey! When do I get to see the pictures? How many are there? Is it just me or are there others?" As she says this, she's shifting her body around and my spent cock slips from her drenched pussy. I lay beside her running my hands over her body.

"There are a lot of pictures, a twenty minute video and a MS-Word file documenting the session. They are pretty graphic pictures, Nicole. Are you sure you want to see them?"

"Yes!" She says emphatically. "You promised!"

"You can see them. I just want to make sure you understand what they are. I mean, there are shots of your pussy that fill the entire computer screen. I think maybe you should look at them in private. How about if I copy them for you and you can look at them at home?"

"Okay, that sounds like a good idea." She says. "But you've already seen them right?"

"Yes, I told you that I actually got off looking at your lovely tits, remember?" I tease, sucking her right nipple into my mouth, and then switching and sucking her left nipple, they're both still hard.

"There are other people on different discs, Nicole." I tell her. "I'm not sure it's a good idea to show them to you. You wouldn't want me showing yours to them, right?"

"Yeah, you're right. That makes sense." She says. "Is my mom on there?" She asks.

"Yes." I answer quietly. "How did you know?"

"I know she confided in Harry about things. You know, like the way my dad was before." She says. "My mom's pretty good looking and I just figured he might have used it on her. Did you watch it?"

"Actually I scanned through it. I didn't know who it was and I was really looking for your pictures." I admit.

"Really?" She smiles. "You really wanted to see naked pictures of me, huh?"

"Yes. I'm already calculating what they'll be worth on the Internet!" I tell her playfully.

"Yeah if they have a 'tiny & natural' site, maybe." She laughs.

"Oh shit!" I say, looking at my watch. "I told my mom not to come out of the basement until I call her. We'd better get dressed. I'll copy that disc for you before I call her."

"I hope we get another chance to get together before you leave, Nick." Nicole says, pushing her body against mine and cupping my ass cheeks in her hands. "What am I going to do when you leave? Now that you've gotten me so horny?"

"We're not leaving yet!" I tell her. "I can't wait to taste that delicious pussy of yours again and have it wrapped snuggly around my cock once more."

"I wish I could spend the night here!" She pleads. "You could use the transmitter to make it okay with your mom." She says excitedly, taking my cock in her hand and gently squeezing it.

"I'd love to, Nicole, but you want to look at those pictures and I have to be careful how much I zap my mom with that transmitter. I don't know all of its effects yet. Why don't you come back first thing in the morning and we can spend the day together?" I say kissing her again. I can't believe my cock is getting hard again in response to her squeezing.

"Are you sure?" She says smiling and stroking her hand up and down my cock.

"I'm sure." I laugh, moving her hand from my cock. I slap her playfully on the ass. "Come on. Let's get dressed and I'll copy that disc for you."

After Nicole leaves with the disc, I take the transmitter and go down to the basement. It's dinnertime and I've left mom in the basement all afternoon. I find her sitting at uncle Harry's desk still sorting papers and making notes.

"Hey mom." I call to her as I enter the office. "How's it going?"

"Fine." She says, sitting up and stretching her arms over her head. The thin material of her tank top is pulled taut across her perfect breasts and I feel my cock stir at the sight. "What have you been up to?" She asks.

"Oh, just hanging out with Nicole." I answer honestly.

"Ahh, I see." Mom smiles. "Come here and give your mother a hug." She says, standing up and holding her arms out towards me. I move into her embrace, enjoying the feeling of her tits crushed against my chest as I run my hands over her panty-clad ass. My hardening cock is pushing against the front of her panties and she steps back.

"Nicole left you like that I suppose." She says, looking down at the bulge in my pants.

"Yeah. Not to mention my sexy mom holding her half naked body against me." I answer honestly.

"Yeah, right." Mom says sarcastically. Looking at her watch, she adds, "Look at the time. I have to make dinner." Mom breaks the embrace and I follow her up the stairs. Once again, my face is level with my mom's ass as she climbs the stairs only this time she's only wearing panties. Her firm, round ass is clearly on display beneath the thin material and my cock responds to the swishing action taking place a few inches from my eyes. My cock stays hard all through dinner, watching mom move around the kitchen, her perfect tits moving around under her tank top like they have a life of their own and her pussy lips pushing against the thin material of her panties.

I still can't figure out what to do about it. It seems wrong to take advantage of my own mother, although you could argue that I already have with my other commands. I just can't seem to bring myself to take it to the next level. Do I really want to fuck my own mother? Right now with my cock trying to bust out of my zipper, the answer is a resounding yes! But how will I feel about it afterwards? Should I reverse my previous suggestion, leave things as they are or...

"So what did you and Nicole do all day?" Mom interrupts my thoughts.

"Oh not much. We hung out at the mall and then came back here for awhile." I answer, again telling the truth or at least part of it.

"She's a very lovely girl, isn't she?" Mom asks.

"Yeah. I like her a lot." I answer. "How far did you get with uncle Harry's stuff?" I ask, changing the subject.

"Well, I have a few more things to do after dinner and then it looks like I can get together with the lawyer tomorrow. We could be ready to go home tomorrow night or maybe Friday morning. How does that sound?" She asks.

"Great." I say, although I'm not sure I want to leave Nicole that quickly. Mom picks up on my lack of enthusiasm and puts her hand on mine.

"It's only a couple of hours drive, honey." Mom says reassuringly. "You can still see Nicole. Maybe you can get your own car when this is all settled. Uncle Harry left a considerable amount of money for us. He sold some patents and things that were worth quite a bit."

"Really?" I ask, excitedly. "You think I could get my own car?" This is great news. I can't wait to tell Nicole.

"Sure. Now let's get this cleaned up, then I have to finish going through the last few papers." Mom says getting up and putting the dishes in the sink. I come up behind her, put my dishes in the sink then hug her from behind.

"You're the best, mom!" I say, wrapping my arms around her, forgetting about my hard cock until it stabs her in the ass. Mom turns around, ignoring my hard-on, kisses me on the cheek and hugs me tightly against her. Her breasts against my chest, and her panty-covered mound against my cock, do nothing to diminish its rigidity.

"You're the best, too!" She smiles. "I love you very much, Nick."

"I love you, too, mom!" I answer, hugging her back.

"When I'm done downstairs, would you be a dear and wash my back again?" She says, stepping back and glancing down at the tent in my pants, with a knowing smile.

"You bet!" I answer, anxious to feel her naked body against mine again. "Why don't you go ahead and I'll finish the dishes."

"Okay." She laughs, heading down to the basement.

I finish the dishes and go to the library to watch the video of mom and uncle Harry again. Maybe it will help me decide what to do about my relationship with mom. When I open the safe to get the discs I remember there's a fourth DVD-Rom that I haven't even looked at yet. I put that one in the computer first and open the picture file. Holy shit! Sitting in the same position on uncle Harry's bed is my sister Susan! Susan is two years older than I am and is currently attending college out of state.

When Susan was in high school, I used to jack off fantasizing about her sexy body. She was the sexiest girl I knew and I tried everything to catch a glimpse of her naked body but never could. The last time she was home from college, I remember her walking around with no bra, and I beat off fantasizing about how she'd look naked. Now, here are pictures of her on uncle Harry's computer. I click to the close-up of her tits and my cock, already hard from Nicole and mom, jumps up and starts clamoring for release.

Susan's tits are better than I ever fantasized. They are round and full and large, almost touching each other as they hang proudly from her chest. Her nipples, clearly erect in this picture are as thick as my pinky finger and stick out about a half-inch from her large, dark pink areolas. I'm stroking my cock through my pants with one hand and clicking the mouse with the other. When I get to the close shot of her pussy, I almost cum in my pants. Her pussy is completely bald. Oh fuck! She shaves her pussy! I never imagined my sister would have a shaved pussy. Her puffy lips are bright pink, spread slightly apart and glistening from her moisture. I've got to see the video.

I close the picture viewer and open the video file. Susan is spread eagle with her back up against uncle Harry's headboard. I release my cock from my pants and continue stroking it as uncle Harry is interviewing her.

"Susan, are you a virgin?" Uncle Harry asks.

"No." She answers in the all too familiar monotone.

"When did you lose your virginity?" "Prom night, my senior year in high school." Susan answers. I knew she let that Phil guy fuck her.

"Tell me how that happened." Uncle Harry seems to really get off on this type of thing.

"There were three couples and we rented a suite at the local hotel. Two of us girls were virgins and we'd already decided we wouldn't be after prom night. Each couple took turns using the bedroom for about an hour each, while the rest of us made out in the living room. When Phil and I got our turn, he ate my pussy to get me ready and then we fucked."

"Did you enjoy your first time?" Man, uncle Harry wants the details.

"Not really. Phil came pretty fast. I didn't orgasm until I got home and made myself cum by masturbating."

"How long have you been shaving your pussy, Susan? Was it shaved that night?"

"No. I shaved it about a year ago. A couple of my sorority sisters and I did it on a dare. I really liked it and I've kept it that way ever since." Susan answers flatly.

"Does your boyfriend like it?" Uncle Harry asks.

"I don't have a boyfriend right now, but my past boyfriend really liked it. He would eat me and eat me. He said he could eat my smooth pussy forever."

"When's the last time you had sex?" Uncle Harry sounds like he's breathing harder than before, I wonder if he's jacking off while all this is going on.

"You mean sex, as in fucked a guy?" Susan asks. I wonder what other sex he could have meant.

"Have you had sex other than fucking a guy?" I guess uncle Harry wonders too.

"Well my roommate and I sometimes eat each other's pussies when we get horny between boyfriends and I masturbate quite frequently." Susan says matter-of-factly.

"What do you think about when you masturbate?" Uncle Harry really can get into it.

"Oh different things. Right now I fantasize about fucking my history professor. Sometimes I fantasize about movie stars. Last time I was home, I fantasized that Nick was watching me masturbate." What the fuck! I can't believe she just said that.

"Nick, your brother?" Uncle Harry sounds as surprised as I am.

"Yes. Nick has always been infatuated with me, checking out my body, peeking down my top, trying to look up my skirt. The last few times I've been home I've noticed the bulge in his pants whenever he's with me, so I've made a game out of it. I wear skimpy clothing around him and see how long it takes for him to go into his bedroom or the bathroom to jack off. One day I even pinched my nipples until they were really hard, sat next to him in a thin t-shirt and watched how uncomfortable he got trying to adjust his cock so the bulge wouldn't show. It makes me so wet to watch him get hard like that and I always masturbate, imagining him jacking off."

That fucking prick-tease! Wait until I get my transmitter on her. I can't believe she's been teasing me like this on purpose.

Uncle Harry zooms the camera in on her tits and tells her to harden her nipples. It almost looks like time-lapse photography the way her nipples just expand until they're fully erect. I can't wait until the next time I see my sister so I can suck on those incredible tits. The view changes to a close up of her bald pussy and I hear uncle Harry tell her to lubricate her pussy without having an orgasm. Susan's pussy lips are thinner than they looked in the still picture but then as I watch, they just puff out, turn a brighter shade of pink, flutter open and start seeping juice. Her lips, glistening with moisture, now look just like the photograph as her cream continues oozing out of her pussy.

Uncle Harry continues with the same commands he used on the others, telling Susan to keep her legs spread wide apart as she orgasms. Her legs immediately stiffen as her pussy lips start trembling and I watch her clit puff up and out toward the camera. I hear her moan and her whole body starts shaking. Her pussy lips swing wide-open and thick cream gushes out in a steady stream down her ass cheeks. I'm frantically stroking my cock while staring at my sister's bald, drenched pussy when I hear mom coming up the stairs. Fuck!

I shut down the video, close all the files and tuck my cock back in my pants just as mom reaches the doorway to the library.

"I'm done!" She announces as she walks up behind me. "I'm ready for that shower, now. How about you, handsome?" She bends over and hugs me from behind. God! Am I ready!

"Let's go." I tell her standing up, not even bothering to hide the tent my cock has made in the front of my pants.

"My, you are ready." Mom says stripping off her tank top on the way to the bathroom. I watch her walking ahead of me in just her bikini panties and almost cum in my pants. Mom turns the water on, adjusts the temperature and then bends down and takes off her panties. I strip off my clothes and stand there next to her, my rigid cock almost poking her in the hip.

"Come on, Nick." Mom says, grabbing hold of my cock and pulling me into the shower. "A little soap and water will do you good." She says laughing. When we're in the shower, mom pulls me against her in a tight embrace, crushing her tits against my chest and rubbing her pussy against my hard cock. Soaping her hands, she runs them over my back and down my ass, pulling me tighter against her mound. I take the soap and do the same for her, kneading her ass checks as I grind my cock harder against her.

"Mmmmm." Mom says, stepping back so she can soap my chest, running her hands down over my stomach. I begin soaping her tits just, as she reaches my cock and closes one hand around it, soaping up and down the length. Her other hand is soaping my balls, as I start rubbing the palm of my hands in a circular motion over her hard nipples.

"Nick." Mom says as she massages my cock and balls. "Make sure you always treat girls with respect. I know it can be frustrating, but take it slow and when you're both ready, you'll know." I'm mauling her tits now and humping my hard cock through her hand. She's stroking faster and I'm just about to burst.

"Just don't try to force Nicole to do anything she doesn't want to do, okay?" She's looking right in my eyes, as I shoot a huge load of cum all over her arm and her hand. She keeps stroking my cock until she's milked me dry and then slides her hands around to my ass and pulls me tightly against her. "Okay?" She repeats.

"Don't worry, mom." I answer, between pants. "I promise I won't force Nicole to do anything before she's ready."

"Good boy." She says, kissing me on the cheek. "I think we need to wash again." She says laughing, as she washes her hands and arm, then starts soaping my spent cock. This time we just wash.

We again sleep in uncle Harry's bed; our naked bodies spooned together with my cock resting against my mother's ass. I fall asleep my hand cupping my mother's tit and dreaming about Susan's bald pussy.

I awake the next morning to the most amazing sensation I have ever felt. At first I think I'm dreaming, but then I swear I can feel a warm, wet mouth enveloping my cock. There is no way that my mother suddenly decided to wake me up with a blowjob and it doesn't feel like the blowjob she gave me the other day. Maybe it is just a vivid wet dream, and then I hear the unmistakable slurping sound that lips make, sliding up and down a hard cock. Blinking my eyes open and trying to focus I see Nicole kneeling between my legs with my cock in her mouth.

I smile and she winks at me as she grabs the base of my cock with her hand and starts pumping my morning hard-on in and out of her sultry mouth. She's not the blowjob expert that mom or the saleswoman from Victoria Secret is, but what she lacks in experience she makes up for with enthusiasm. She's stroking my balls and vigorously pumping my cock, while her tongue licks in rhythm against the underside of my rigid shaft. In no time, I'm thrusting my hips off the bed trying to shove more of my cock inside her tantalizing mouth.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming, Nicole!" I warn her as I feel my balls tighten. My legs tense and I raise my ass off the bed, my body jerking as I start shooting loads of cum into her loving mouth. She continues sucking and swallowing until I collapse back on the bed, my chest heaving. Keeping my depleted cock inside her mouth, she's stroking my balls with one hand as her other hand manipulates my cock around in her mouth. Slowly, she slides her lips off the end of my cock, laying it gently down on the bed of soft hair, before licking her way down to my balls.

Nicole licks, nibbles and sucks my balls, while continuing to lightly caress my cock with her hand. I take back everything I said about her expertise because my cock is responding to her in record time again. Returning to stroking my balls with her hand, she slides her tongue up my semi-erect shaft, licking the sides like a lollipop. As my cock continues to respond, she slips her lips over the head, swirling her tongue all around it. Letting my fully recovered cock slip from her lips, she kisses her way up my stomach and across my chest, brushing her hard nipples against my skin as she positions her body over mine.

"Good morning." She says, seductively. "I watched your mom drive away and decided to come over and play." She says, rising up on her knees and rubbing the head of my cock against her juicy slit. "The door was open, so I came in to find you." She's pushing herself down, stretching her tight pussy around my steel pole. "Mmmmm." She moans, sliding my cock farther up inside her juicy hole. 


"You weren't in your bedroom and I thought maybe you'd gone with your mother." She says, setting all the way down, burying my rigid cock completely inside her sweltering, tight pussy. "Then I looked in here, saw you sleeping naked and I couldn't resist getting naked and joining you." She's starting to rock up and back, sliding my cock in and out of her torrid pussy. "I realized I've never had your cock in my mouth and figured it was a good way to wake you up."

"The best, Nicole." I say, picking up her rhythm and pumping my cock up into her fiery chasm. "What an incredible way to wake up!" We're rocking steadily now and I reach up to massage her tits, running my thumbs across her taut, pink nipples.

"What were you doing in here, anyway?" She asks, rocking faster and panting for breath. "Wait a minute! You were sleeping with your mother, weren't you?" She abruptly stops moving, staring at me in shock.

"You used the transmitter so you could fuck your own mother! That is so fucking perverted!" She yells, lifting herself off of me.

"Wait!" I yell, grabbing her hips and holding her down. "I didn't fuck my mother! We both slept in here, but that's all; I didn't fuck her!" She's trying to wiggle loose and I keep holding her hips.

"You are so full of shit!" She yells. "Are you forgetting that I know about the Victoria Secret chick and fucking Carolyn in the parking lot? There is no way you would sleep naked with your mother and not fuck her! That's why you didn't want me to stay last night, so you could fuck your own mother. Now let me go, you fucking pervert!"

"Think, Nicole!" I shout at her. "You just sucked me awake, did you taste anything on my cock. If I had fucked my mother, wouldn't there be some residual taste on my cock? Does the bed smell like sex? Do you see a wet spot or any indication that we had sex?" I'm not sure how I'll explain the rest, but I want her to know I drew the line somewhere. She stops struggling and looks at me.

"Okay, but you could have taken a shower." She says, not very convincingly.

"When?" I respond. "You woke me up. Do you think I fucked my mother, and then jumped up and took a shower before going to sleep?" She's starting to listen so I decide to tell her the whole story... well most of it. "You know there are four discs, right?" I ask her.

"Yes, what does that have to do with anything?" She's still angry.

"Well the third disc was my mother." She gasps, putting her hand to her mouth and looking at me wide-eyed, not knowing what to say. "And it went farther than your disc, the video showed uncle Harry eating my mother's pussy, the two of them fucking and then her sucking him off and swallowing his cum." She has stopped moving around and my cock is still deep inside her tight, motionless pussy. Leaning down, her hands on either side of me on the bed, she's staring into my eyes, her nipples pointing at my chest.

"I swear I had never thought of my mother sexually before," I continue. "But that video really turned me on. My cock was so hard and I was jacking off watching uncle Harry and my mother. I know that's perverted, but I couldn't help it. Then before I could finish, my mother called me to lunch. I was watching her move around the kitchen, my cock was still hard and I kept imagining her naked like on the video. So, yes, I used the transmitter and gave her a post transmission suggestion that she would lose all modesty around me and be completely comfortable being naked in my presence. I just wanted to see in person what I'd already seen on the video." I'm trying to read Nicole's eyes, but I don't know what she's thinking. "That's what led to us sleeping together naked, but all we did was cuddle against each other and sleep. I swear to god, Nicole, I did not fuck my mother!"

"It's still pretty weird, don't you think?" She asks still staring into my eyes.

"Yes, it has been very weird and I've already made up my mind to reverse the suggestion. I will do that as soon as she gets home." I'm glad I left out the parts about the blowjob and jacking me off in the shower.

"Wow!" She says, sitting back up on my cock. "You're pretty dangerous with that transmitter." She's just sitting there not moving, but I can feel her pussy muscles pulsing around my throbbing cock. "Your mom was really fucking her brother?" She finally says, while starting to rock a little bit.

"Yeah, but I don't think she remembers it." I answer, moving my hips to her minimal rhythm. "Uncle Harry gave her a post transmission suggestion on the video that made her want to fuck him. She was under the spell of the transmitter." We just lay there silently grinding our hips together. She breaks the silence.

"I'm sorry I called you a fucking pervert." She says, picking up her pace and rocking her hips back and forth. "But I still think it's kind of perverted to sleep naked with your own mother."

"You're right!" I say. "It's also kind of perverted to get yourself off watching me fuck a black woman we don't even know." I smile, hoping she'll get into the mood of what we're doing.

"Well, yeah." She laughs. "I guess we make a great couple!" She's really rocking faster now, moving my cock in and out of her tight, wet pussy. "Just promise me... you'll stop... this shit... with your mom... okay?" She's gasping for breath and bouncing wildly on my rigid shaft.

"I promise!" Thrusting my hips off the bed, picking up her rhythm and jamming my cock into her fiery gorge. Her juices keep my cock lubricated, but her inexperienced pussy is so tight that every time I slide out I have to push like hell to slide back inside. Placing my hands on her hips and matching the rhythm of her bounces, I start pulling her down hard around my cock on each down stroke. The intense friction is taking its toll on my cock and I don't know how much longer I can last.

"Ohhh! Fuck! What are you doing?" She moans. "That feels so fucking good! Fuck!" Keeping one hand on her hip and slamming her down against my cock, I move my other hand across her thigh, rubbing my thumb in circles over her clit. In minutes, she's on the verge of an orgasm.

"Oh my god! I'm cumming!" She yells. "Keep doing that! Oh Fuck! Nick! I'm cumming!" She throws her head back, sits down hard on me, clamping her pussy walls around my throbbing cock and pulls my thumb away from her clit. Feeling her pussy vibrating around my cock triggers my release and I start spewing thick streams of cum deep inside her contracted, pulsating pussy. I close my hands around her firm tits, pressing my palms against her stiff nipples and feel the beads of sweat that have formed on her chest.

Nicole opens her eyes, smiles at me and then moves my hands around behind her as she flops down on my chest. "You fuck pretty good for a pervert." She says, kissing me.

When we've caught our breath, I ask Nicole if she watched the video. She's lying with her head on my shoulder, my spent cock clamped inside her drenched pussy. She nods her head.

"Yeah." She says quietly. "It was pretty intense. I'm glad you made me take it with me. I can't believe he made me do those things." She sounds like she's going to cry. "I also read the entire file about the so called 'experiment'. It seems like this is just an erotic offshoot of the real experiments where he's getting people to control pain. I got the impression he was experimenting on soldiers. I'm glad he didn't try pain stuff on your mom or me. I think uncle Harry just got carried away with the eroticism of the power he could exert over women." She lifts her head up and looks in my eyes. "Kind of like you." She smiles, but with a sad honesty to it. "Be careful with that thing, okay?" She pleads.

"You're right. I already got carried away, especially with my mom." I concede. "By the way, we're leaving tonight or tomorrow." She jerks her head up before I can finish.

"What! You said..." She's almost crying.

"Wait! My mom says that with the inheritance from uncle Harry, I can get my own car and then I can drive down here whenever I want." I'm trying to put a silver lining on the black cloud, but it's not working that well.

"Why don't you and your mom move into Harry's house?" She looks at me like she just solved all of our problems. "That way we could be together all the time." She says, smiling and flexing her pussy muscles around my cock for emphasis.

"I'll talk to my mom about it." I tell her. "She said uncle Harry left us a lot of money, so maybe she won't have to work. I don't mind changing schools if I can go to school with you." This may actually be possible.

"Come on." I say. "Let's take a shower before my mom gets home." We use the same shower that mom and I have been using. Pouring some body wash on her hand she soaps my chest then lathers her way down my stomach, soaping my cock and balls. My cock responds to her lathering and she slides her slippery hand up and down my shaft. Releasing my cock, she leans into me, rubbing her hard nipples against my soapy chest as she runs her hands down across my lower back. Her tits feel great, slipping back and forth across my chest, as she cups my ass cheeks and grinds her pussy hard against my cock.

"Wouldn't you like to do this all the time?" She asks, rubbing her slick, sudsy body up and down against me as she squeezes my ass cheeks.

"You know I do, Nicole. I've never had another girl who made me feel this good." I lean my face down and our lips meet in a long, passionate kiss.

I begin soaping Nicole's back, shoulders and ass. I slide my hands up and down her back pulling her tighter against me. Her slippery tits are crushed against my chest and my cock is sliding all over her pussy mound as we grind our soapy bodies together. I grab her ass checks, massaging them as we rub up and down against each other. I turn her around and press my soapy hands against her tits from behind, kneading her small mounds as I pull her back against me. My cock glides up and down between her ass cheeks, slick with soap. I tease her nipples, pinching and pulling them as I continue to slide my cock up and down against her ass.

"God, I love your tits, Nicole." I tell her, squeezing them harder while I press my cock more firmly between her ass cheeks.

"That feels so good, Nick," she says, leaning forward and thrusting her ass up against my cock. I push on her back, bending her at the waist and she puts her hands against the tile wall for support. I slide my hand over her ass and position my cock between her wet pussy lips.

"Oh fuck yes!" Nicole yells, pushing against the wall and slamming her ass back against me, impaling herself completely on my hard cock. Her pussy lips are touching my balls and I can feel her firm round ass cheeks rubbing against me as I begin pumping in and out of her snug cocoon.

I grab her hips with both hands and start slamming my cock into her slippery, wet pussy like a battering ram. She braces herself against the wall as I keep pounding and pounding in long, hard strokes deep into her tight, burning snatch. Our breathing is coming in gasps as I continue to hammer into her and I can feel my climax building quickly. I hold back as long as I can, hoping Nicole is getting close, but the furious pace and the agonizing friction of her narrow channel is working against me.

When I can't hold back any longer, I slam into her as hard as I can, pulling her hips against me and shoot my load deep into her snug, wet pussy. Nicole grinds her ass against me and I feel her tight pussy quivering around my cock as her orgasm hits. I hold her against me, as she rides out multiple waves of pulsating pleasure. When she finally stops shaking, I ease my cock out of her, turn her around and crush her body to mine in an impassioned embrace. I plant kisses all over her face before sliding my tongue between her teeth in a strong, lustful kiss.

"Whew!" Nicole says, finally catching her breath. "That was... I don't know what that was, but I loved it!" She laughs. "I can't think of a word. I was going to say amazing but that doesn't even begin to cover it." She's kissing me again and our wet bodies are enfolded together while the shower spray beats down on us.

Nicole and I are dressed and in the library when mom gets home. When she sees Nicole and I on the couch she glances at my crotch and smiles, apparently due to the lack of a bulge there.

"How are you two doing?" she asks, smiling at us.

"Great!" We answer in unison. "How did it go at the lawyers?" I ask, getting up off the couch and hugging her. I see Nicole over her shoulder giving me a hard look.

"Fine. Everything is set." She says, releasing me. "Oh and your sister left a message on my cell. She's coming home this weekend, so we're going to have to leave tonight, okay?" she asks looking between Nicole and I.

"Sure, mom." I say quietly. Nicole smiles demurely at both of us.

"You should do it right now!" Nicole says when mom leaves the room. "I want to see you reverse the suggestion, okay?" She's looking in my eyes, her hands gripping my arms. "I trust you'll do it, I just want to see it."

"Okay." I say, taking the ear buds out of my pocket and tuning in mom's frequency. We walk into the kitchen and I tell mom to forget all the post transmission suggestions she's ever had and return to her natural state with no submissive suggestions. Then I turn off the transmitter and see what happens. Nothing.

"We'll see what she's like later." I tell Nicole. "I told her only to be affectionate and immodest when we were home alone."

"Okay." She says, shifting from foot to foot. "Will I see you before you go?" She asks.

"I'll come over before we go." I say, taking her in my arms and kissing her. "We'll text message and call each other." I reassure her. "And before you know it, I'll be back for a visit."

"Promise you'll talk to your mom about moving here?" She pleads.

"I promise, Nicole." I tell her as she leaves.

Okay, I made a promise about mom that I intend to keep, but my prick-teasing sister is coming home this weekend and I intend to try out her bald pussy. I'm thinking about how to handle her when mom interrupts my thoughts.

"Nick, I've got to file some papers downstairs, then we should pack our things so we can leave right after dinner." She says.

"Okay, mom." I answer. "How much money did uncle Harry leave us?" I ask.

"Quite a lot, it seems. It's hard to tell because it isn't all liquid and the value of some of his investments fluctuate considerably, but at lease several hundred thousand dollars." She smiles. "Enough to get a car so you can visit Nicole." She says.

"I've been thinking about that." I tell her. "Did he leave us this house? Is it paid for?" I ask her.

"Yes and yes." She answers, looking at me quizzically. "Why?"

"Well, it's a lot nicer than our house and I was thinking maybe we should consider selling our house and moving here." I tell her.

"Nick, I know you think you're in love, but we can't move just because you've met a girl." She tells me seriously. "Honey, it doesn't work like that." She puts her hand on my shoulder in a consoling manner. "If this thing with Nicole is serious, it'll survive a separation."

"But what are we going to do with uncle Harry's house?" I ask, thinking that I could stay here when I come to visit Nicole.

"I don't know yet. Since it's paid for, we don't have to decide right away." She says. "Okay, time to get to work." She starts for the basement stairs.

I go to uncle Harry's computer to watch the rest of the video of Susan. I put in the disc, open Windows Media Player and fast-forward to where she just had her orgasm. My cock springs to life at the sight of my sisters shaved pussy oozing cream from her wide-open puffy pink lips. The scene jumps to a shot of Susan with a vibrator in her pussy and I see a replay of the scene with Nicole where he doesn't let her climax. The vibrator appears to be on the highest setting and I watch my sister's bald pussy shake and quiver while her juice gushes out and pools around her ass. This time instead of feeling sorry for her, I think it might be just what the prick tease deserves and it gives me an idea, as I start to formulate a plan for my sister. The rest is like an instant replay of Nicole's video, only staring bald pussy Susan instead of virgin Nicole. Well, former virgin, now.

I seal the discs away in the secret safe behind the books, pack my things and tell mom I'm going to say goodbye to Nicole. Her mom greets me at the door with a big hug and welcomes me into their house. She fusses over me with something to drink and some cookies before Nicole and I can break away and go to her room. We kiss passionately, rub our bodies together, but we really can't risk any more than that.

"If you zap my parents to stay in the living room and mind their own business, I'll give you another blowjob." She teases. As much as I'd like it, I decline and tell her this is the new, responsible me, and I'm not going to go around zapping people so much.

"Fine. Be that way." She says playfully, squeezing my cock through my pants. "I'll really miss you, Nick."

"Me, too." I tell her. "I'll text message you when I get home.

The drive home is uneventful. Mom is her old self, which is a mixed blessing. I really liked seeing her naked, and feeling her body against mine, but it was kind of weird. I know the transmitter did its job, when we get home and she tells me she's going to take a shower and go to bed. No invitation or intimation that I should wash her back or that we're going to sleep together.

"Your sister will be here tomorrow morning." Mom tells me. "So don't stay up too late. I want you to go to the airport with me."

"Okay." I answer kissing her on the cheek. "Good night, mom. Thanks for taking me with you to uncle Harry's."

"I'm glad we got some time together." She says, with no indication that she remembers what kind of time we had.

"Me too!" I say sincerely. I text message Nicole and tell her how much I miss her and then go to bed, again dreaming of Susan's hairless pussy.

Susan's plane is late and mom and I sit in the Starbucks at the airport, waiting for her.

"I want you to try and get along with your sister for just one weekend, okay?" Mom says while she sips her latte. "I don't want a repeat of her visit in February." Mom says, referring to the fight my sister and I got into the last time she was home. Mom doesn't know what it was about but we hardly spoke to each other after I yelled at her to go put some clothes on and she said I should not be such a pervert to stare at my sister's tits.

"I promise you, mom, you'll think you've got the wrong kids, we'll get along so well." Yeah, we'll get along so well it'll be like we're lovers, I think to myself.

Finally, her flight is announced and when she comes off the plane she looks so fucking hot, my cock bulges out in my pants. From the look on her face and the glance at my crotch, this is just the reaction she's expecting. She's wearing a white lace, camisole top under a green button up sweater that is open to the waist. Her tits are bulging over the camisole, displaying a lot of tanned cleavage. Her jeans are tight and so low cut, that when she bends over to pick up her overnight bag she's showing almost as much cleavage in the back as in the front. She smiles at me triumphantly, as we walk to the car, her firm, round ass cheeks swinging against each other inside her skin tight jeans.

"Nick and I just got back from settling uncle Harry's affairs." Mom says over her shoulder to Susan. Mom insisted we sit in the back seat together so we could visit. "Nick met a nice girl and wants to move there." Mom says, teasingly.

"That's great." Susan says. "Nick met a girl." Then she whispers to me, "Now you won't have to sit around jacking off twice a day, dreaming of your sister's tits, like a pervert."


"Yeah, she's really nice." I say keeping up my end of the conversation. "That's only because I don't have a bi-sexual roommate who'll lick my bald pussy for me." I whisper.

"What!" She yells, turning red in the face and staring at me.

"Now, kids." Mom says, "We agreed you two are going to be on your best behavior and try to get along."

"We will, mom." I say, smiling at my sister who is fuming, but not sure what to say.

"Where did that come from?" She whispers, once she finally calms down. "Your vivid high school imagination."

"We'll see." I tell her. "We'll see."

We ride the rest of the way home in silence, me being very obvious about checking out her tits and staring at the tight crotch of her jeans. She doesn't seem so smug about her affect on me anymore.

After we get home and settled, I use the transmitter to give mom a post transmission suggestion that no matter what she hears, Susan and I are getting along fine and she's not to bother us. After seeing my sister naked on the video with her large tits and shaved pussy, I know I want to fuck her, but first I want to fuck with her because she's been such a prick tease. On the way to my bedroom, I stick my head in Susan's room and say, "I wasn't dreaming of your tits when I jacked off, sis, I was dreaming of your shaved pussy." Then, I run into my room, put the ear buds in my ears, sit on my bed, leaning my back against the headboard and wait. It doesn't take long for her to come in fuming.

"Hey, you little bastard." She yells. "I don't know what you think you know about my roommate and me or how you know that I shave my..." Tuning, tuning, got it.

"Susan." I say calmly.

"Yes." She answers robotically.

"You are going to remember exactly how you're standing. You are going to go back in your room, remove all of your clothing and fold it or hang it up or whatever you would normally do with it. Then, you will come back here, get in exactly the same position and when I say go, you will pick up the conversation exactly where you left off without realizing any time has passed. Is that clear?"

"Yes." She leaves and I can't wait to see her naked body. She's back in a few minutes and I'm not disappointed. The video didn't do her justice. Her tits are like two beautiful round globes with large reddish-brown areolas that are centered perfectly causing her nipples to point straight out in front of her. Below her tits, her torso curves in to her slim waistline surrounding her flat stomach and then curves out forming her curvaceous hips. I ask her to step closer to me so I can admire her barren slope and I can't stop myself from running my hand over it enjoying the smooth texture of her silky, hairless mound. I stop short of touching her pussy lips as they protrude down like two pink half-moon pinchers ready to snap closed on anything that gets within their reach. My cock responds and makes a tent in my shorts as I tell her to get into the same position she was in before and say the word, "Go!"

"...pubic hair! But you better watch yourself!" She fumes.

"I'd rather watch you." I say calmly. "And what do you expect when you come running in here naked showing me your bald pussy and your bouncy tits?"

"What?" She asks as she looks down and realizes she's naked. "What the fuck?" She's frantically trying to cover herself, placing one hand over her slit and the other one across her tits, she runs from the room.

"Nice ass." I say as she's leaving. It really is. Her sexy, round ass cheeks that I admired in her tight jeans, bounce firmly, as she runs from the room. A few minutes later she's back in my room, once again dressed in her jeans and camisole top.

"I don't know how the fuck you did that, but I swear to god, Nick..."

"Did what?" I ask, interrupting her.

"Suddenly made me naked in front of you!" She yells. She's right by my bed, practically leaning over me. I hit the transmitter button again and give her the same instructions. God, I'm a bastard, but I think she deserves this. When she comes back in, I take a minute to run my hands over her luscious ass, cupping her cheeks and squeezing her compact flesh. My cock is rock hard and I'm thinking about moving this along faster, but I'm having too much fun with her. She gets back in position and I say, "Go!"

"I didn't make you do anything." I'm just as calm as before. "You're the one who keeps coming in her naked and you're blaming me for it! I don't blame you for wanting to show off your sexy body and you can't blame me for looking at it." Again she looks down at herself and realizes she's naked.

"Oh my god! What the fuck is going on?" She yells, again trying to cover herself. Before she can run out of the room I press the transmitter button and tell her to relax. She drops her hands to her sides and I give her a post transmission suggestion to masturbate in front of me.

"Susan, when I press the transmitter again you will conclude that you have been unconsciously coming into my room naked because you want to show off your body to me. You apologize for accusing me of manipulating you. The idea of me seeing you naked gets you so hot that you have a sudden, overwhelming need to masturbate. You realize that you won't be able to achieve the orgasm you want unless you let me watch you. You will make yourself comfortable wherever you want and masturbate for me. You will encourage me to masturbate as well, fulfilling your fantasy of us masturbating together. You will bring yourself to your peak arousal level very quickly and stay there with your juices flowing, but you will not be able to orgasm until I say the words, 'you can orgasm' and then you will have the most explosive orgasm you have ever had. Do you understand?"

"Yes." She says flatly. I press the button.

"Nick, I'm sorry." She says contritely. "I guess I never realized how much I wanted to show off my body to you. So much, in fact, that I wasn't even aware I was doing it." She's running her hands down her hips and over her mound as she's speaking.

"It's okay, Susan." I tell her reassuringly. "You have the sexiest body I have ever seen and I'm glad you want me to see it."

"I want you to see me masturbate!" She almost shouts, sitting on the foot of my bed just below my feet and spreading her legs. Licking her fingers and running them up and down her slit, she spreads her pink lips, stroking her finger along the inside of them. In no time, her juices lubricate her hole and she's got two, then three fingers inside, frantically fucking herself.

"Come on, Nick." She says. "Don't you want to masturbate, too? Doesn't seeing my tits and my pussy get your cock hard? Masturbate with me, Nick!" She pleads. My cock is rock hard but I decide to tease her some more.

"That's okay, Susan." I tell her. "I think I'll just enjoy the show for a while." My cock is so fucking hard from watching my sister finger fuck herself that I'll have to take it out shortly and give it some relief.

Susan's pussy is soaking wet and her fingers are sloshing around in her juice as she savagely shoves them in and out trying to attain that elusive orgasm. She's been pinching and pulling at her nipples and they are now bright pink and pointing straight out about half an inch long. She moves her hand down from her tits and starts vigorously rubbing her fingers in a circle over her erect clit.

"Ohhh! I'm so close!" She shouts. "Come on, Nick, let me see you jack yourself off! Please!" She's thrusting her hips off the bed, slamming her pussy against her fingers and pinching and pulling at her clit. It's not working so she stops pulling on it and starts slapping her clit rapidly with her fingers, while continuing to roughly finger fuck herself. She's lying sideways across the foot of my bed, with her knees pulled up and her legs spread apart, jamming three fingers violently into her slushy, wet pussy.

"Ohhh! Ohhh! Ohhh! Any... second... now... I'm... going... to cum!" She pants while mauling her clit and forcing her fingers as far up her pussy as she can get them.

"Susan." I say very quietly. "I can help you cum." It seems she might not have heard me, because she keeps up her frenetic onslaught on her pussy.

"Susan!" I say louder. "Do you want to cum? I can help!" I yell to her.

"What can you do? I just need a little bit more and I'm there!" She pants.

"Let me try." I tell her. "If I don't make you cum in two minutes, you can go back to what you're doing, okay." She looks at me. I still haven't taken my rigid cock out of my pants and it's throbbing like crazy, straining to bust through my zipper.

"Okay." She sighs. "I just need to cum so fucking badly." I get off the bed and kneel on the floor positioning my face even with her pussy and run my hand over her hairless mound; it feels as smooth as porcelain. I gently pinch her clit between my thumb and index finger and roll it back and forth. Goddamn! I'm touching my sister's pussy!

I savor the look of her bald, saturated pussy and then, breathing in her intoxicating aroma, I flatten my tongue and start lapping up her creamy nectar. I lick and suck on her pussy lips, push my tongue inside her sopping hole and roll her clit between my thumb and finger. I can't believe I'm eating my sister's pussy! She is so fucking delicious that I never want to stop, but I've tortured her enough. I move my mouth to her engorged clit and suck it in, flicking my tongue over the tip of it.

"Ohhh! Fuck! Nick! That feels so fucking good! I'm going to cum!" Except she's not, until I tell her she is.

"I'm going to lick your clit again." I tell her, raising my head from her delectable pussy. "So you can orgasm." I quickly suck her clit back into my mouth as her body shudders and her legs tense, squeezing my head between her thighs.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Ohhhhhh Fuuuuuuck!" She's jerking wildly and I'm having trouble keeping her clit in my mouth. Her whole body quakes and trembles as she gushes a steady stream of creamy nectar out through her lips, down my chin and all over her ass. I let go of her clit to lap up her thick, hot syrup. She's shaking and her pussy lips are quivering as I lick her juices inside and out. Her body is jerking spastically and she's trying to catch her breath while I continue to eat her smooth, bald pussy. I'm enthralled by her rigid nipples bursting upward as her chest heaves and her bountiful tits swell with each breath of air she gulps into her lungs. I still can't believe this is happening! My cock is so fucking hard! I undo my pants and pull them and my underwear off in one quick motion, kicking them aside. My cock springs out, finally free, it points straight at its target.

I pull off my shirt and turn my sister's body so she's lying lengthwise on the bed. She's still panting and oozing thick cream from her wide-open lips as I plunge my steel-like rod deep into her in one hard thrust. Her eyes pop open and she looks at me with disbelief as I start pounding into her hot, wet snatch.

"What the fuck are you doing?" She yells, but her hips are already keeping rhythm with the impact of my cock, bouncing her ass off the bed and returning my strokes. "You're my brother! You can't fuck me!"

"I'm going to make you cum again." I say, slamming into her like a jackhammer. Her pussy is so inflamed and thick with her juices that my cock feels like it's gliding through hot gelatin. There is no gentleness or loving kisses, just animal-like ferocity, as my balls slap against her ass and I maul her heavy tits with both hands. Her hands are on my hips, her fingers digging into my ass cheeks, as I pommel her bare pussy, losing myself in the growing intensity of my long awaited release.

"Oh fuck! It's building! I'm so close! I'm so fucking close!" All concern over the incestuous nature of our coupling is gone as Susan's arousal achieves its highest peak and stays there until I give her the command. I've never fucked anyone who is so completely out of control and I want to experience it to the fullest. I slip my arms under her and hold her against me as I roll us over, placing her on top of me. She pushes herself up, sitting her ass on my thighs, pulling her knees up against my hips and starts riding my hard cock like a wild woman. She's like a fucking bronco rider, jouncing up and down and slamming her pussy down around my cock, like she's trying to pulverize it with the force of her attack. Her hands are pulling at her nipples, twisting them and stretching them out from her bouncing tits. My cock is throbbing from her ferocious onslaught and I tense my legs, as my balls constrict, ready for the eruption that is seconds away.

"Susan, I'm cumming! See if you can orgasm with me!" The magic words push her past her peak and I can actually feel the pressure of her juices against my cock as waves of pent up pleasure flow from her body. Her pussy grips my cock and she pushes down hard against me as I shoot my long overdue load deep inside her quivering tunnel. Her whole body is trembling as she collapses on my chest, her ample tits cushioning her fall, while her pussy is pulsating like a vibrator, milking the last bit of cum from my cock.

We're both breathing hard, but Susan is gasping for breath. Her head is on my shoulder and her light brown hair is wet and matted from her intense exertion. I stroke her hair and kiss her gently on her sweat-soaked forehead while rubbing her back with my other hand.

"What the fuck just happened?" She asks quietly without lifting her head off my chest.

"I don't know." I answer. "You're the psychology major, I'm just the math whiz, remember?

"Right." She laughs. "Well..." She's seems to be concentrating on it. "I must have some latent sexual feelings for you that suddenly surfaced from my unconscious. I have no idea what could have triggered it." She sounds so confused, but I like her theory.

"Oh my god! What must you think of me?" She gasps, raising her head up and looking at my face. "You must think I'm some kind of nympho-slut, barely home two hours and I come in here naked, masturbate in front of you, then... shit!" She says, pushing herself up so that her tits are hanging down and her hard nipples are brushing my chest. The sight of her perfect tits hanging like that over my chest makes my cock stir inside her soggy pussy. Looking down at us still joined together and then looking at my face, she asks, "Did you come inside of me?"

"Yes. You are on the pill aren't you?" I ask, very concerned now. Fuck! What have I done?

"Of course, that's not the point!" She yells. "You're my brother. Oh fuck! Not just a nympho-slut, a perverted, nympho-slut!" She says collapsing back on my chest. "Oh my god. I just fucked my own brother." She's almost sobbing into my chest.

"Sis." I say, stroking her hair. "You are not perverted. Do you know how long I've wanted to do this? I have been fantasizing about you for years. I just never knew you felt the same way. I'm only upset that I never had the nerve to tell you. You were great! Better than my wildest fantasy."

"Yes, I agree! It was wonderful! I've never cum like that before, ever! I think I blacked out for a minute." She says, somewhat embarrassed. "But you're still my brother and this is incest!" She is crying now and I just hold her, thinking about what to do next.

"Hey! How did you know about Sherrie and I or that I shave my pubes?" She asks suddenly. "That must have been the trigger!" Time to go to plan B. While stroking her damp hair with one hand, I put the ear buds into my ears with the other. The transmitter is still tuned to Susan's frequency so I just push the button.

"Susan." I say quietly, her naked body resting comfortably on mine, my cock recovering inside her smooth pussy.

"Yes." She says clearly, yet unemotionally.

"You will believe your theory about your latent sexual feelings surfacing to cause your behavior. You will remember the amazing orgasms you had with me and want to have more. You will have no anxiety or guilt about the incestuous nature of our relationship except your concern that we keep the relationship a secret." What else, I wonder, as I take a breath.

"You will accept the fact that I know about you and Sherrie and not concern yourself with how I know. In fact, you will figure out a way to involve Sherrie in our relationship." I've met Sherrie and she is almost as sexy as my sister. Since Sherrie and Susan are lovers and Susan and I will be, this could be interesting?

"You will return to your natural sexual responsiveness and no longer need commands from me to have orgasms." I'm hoping that she will be much like Carolyn and not need the post submission suggestion to have a great climax. I turn off the transmitter and wait.

I'm rubbing my hands up and down her bare back, caressing her ass cheeks, while she continues to lay her head on my shoulder.

"Nick?" She says, her words almost lost against my chest.

"Yes, Susan." I answer.

"Would you think it weird to kiss your sister?" She asks, tipping her head back so our lips are inches apart. Instead of answering I lean into her and push my lips against hers. After a short, closed-mouth kiss, I lick across her lips with my tongue, she hesitates a moment, then parts her lips, sucking my tongue inside. With increasing intensity, our kiss evolves into a full-blown, passion filled tongue-fest. The fervor of our kiss and the feel of her soft breasts crushed against my chest, ignite my cock inside her hot, slippery pussy. With my hands still on her ass, I start a gentle rocking motion, gliding my cock in and out of her slick channel.

"Mmmmm." She moans into my mouth as she rocks her body in time with my rhythm, sliding her pussy back around my fully recovered cock. Pushing her tongue farther into my mouth, she rocks her body harder and faster, dragging her hard nipples up and down my chest with each stroke. Finally, she breaks the kiss, sits up and once again is riding my cock with her head back and her eyes closed. Watching her flawless tits bob up and down against her chest, I catch one with each hand, kneading her soft flesh and running my thumbs over her thick, taut nipples.

"Oh fuck! Nick, that feels so good!" She cries, while riding me harder and harder. I'm bouncing my ass off the bed, matching her fervent pace, driving my cock as far into her enflamed pussy as it will go. Sliding my right hand down her side, I nestle it at the junction of her thigh and torso, positioning my thumb over her clit. I flick her clit a couple of times with my thumb, and then roll it around in a tight circular, massaging motion.

"Ohhhhhh! Yes! Fuck, Nick! That's so fucking right! Ohhh!" Susan yells. She's bouncing so hard, my cock nearly pulls all the way out of her pussy, releasing a flow of hot juice that runs down my ass. Then she slams back down with a loud smack, pushing my rigid cock deep inside her steamy canal.

"Oh Fuck! Yes, Susan! You... are... the... fucking... best!" I moan as I feel my balls constrict and I try to hold back my impending release. Susan throws her head back, arches her body and clamps her pussy muscles around my cock, as she rides me in a wild frenzy toward our mutual fulfillment.

"Oh Nick! Oh fuck! I'm cumming! Keep rubbing my clit! I'm cumming!" She yells, riding out several bursts of orgasmic pleasure, as I shoot my load inside her hot, pulsating pussy. I move my hands to her ass, as she flings her body forward again, falling on her cushy tits. She finds my lips, pushes her tongue in my mouth and we kiss passionately, while our chests heave against each other in an attempt to restore our normal breathing.

Breaking the kiss and rolling off of me, Susan lies on her back with her chest still heaving. I roll on my side and run my hand over her swelling breasts, damp with sweat from our heated lovemaking. I play with her nipples a while before sliding my hand down her stomach and again feel the porcelain smoothness of her hairless mound.


"How do you get it so smooth?" I ask, running my fingers back and forth where her pubic hair would have been. "I don't feel a stubble anywhere!"

"Waxing, silly." She answers. "You don't just shave it, you wax it." She states. "Mmmmm." She moans, clearly enjoying my fingers roaming her bald pussy mound.

"Do you do it yourself or have it done, like at a salon?" I ask, really curious.

"Neither." She says shyly. "Sherrie and I wax each others. That's how we... um... got started with... um... you know." My cock stirs thinking about her and Sherrie, their heads buried in each other's hairless pussies. I casually run my finger up and down her slushy pussy lips. She spreads her legs to give me better access.

"How long are you staying?" I ask, sucking one of her nipples into my mouth and flicking my tongue over it.

"Until Monday. Sherrie is visiting her Grandma. She's going to get someone to drop her off here tomorrow, spend the night and then we'll fly back together.

"You're kidding." I say, lifting my mouth from her rigid nipple. "Sherrie is coming here?" Oh my god! A sexy threesome image jumps in my brain, making my cock twitch.

"Nick." She says. "I have a confession to make." She's looking in my eyes, my fingers still stroking her soaked pussy lips. "You were right when you accused me of teasing you on purpose, wearing skimpy clothing, flaunting my hard nipples at you. I never realized how my own sexual feelings were driving me to do it. It was such a turn on for me to watch you get uncomfortable. In... um... fact..." She stammers. "I told Sherrie how hot I get watching you get hard, staring at my half naked body and she wants to be a part of it. That's why she's coming over. We plan to sit around in our babydoll nighties watching you get hard, and then get each other off knowing you're in your room masturbating." She looks at me shamefaced and adds, "I'm sorry, Nick." She's starting to rock her hips up, as I unconsciously smear her gooey cream all around her pussy lips.

"I'll call her and cancel it!" She says quickly.

"Don't cancel!" I tell her. "Let Sherrie come over. We can just change the plan a little and all three of us can get off. What do you think?" I ask, glad I gave her that post transmission suggestion about Sherrie. I suck her other nipple in my mouth and slide two fingers into her saturated pussy.

"Oh God! Both of you together?" She asks, humping her squishy pussy against my fingers while reaching her hand down to stroke my hard cock. The image is obviously as exciting for her as it is for me. "I wonder if she'll do it." She says, as she turns my head from her tit and kisses me hungrily, pushing her tongue deep into my mouth. I have no doubts about Sherrie's willingness to participate. I just need to a few minutes alone with her and the transmitter.

"Susan?" An exciting thought occurs to me. "Have you ever done it in your ass?" I ask her.

"Yeah." She answers, looking at me hesitantly. "A few times." She says. "Back in high school, when I was still a virgin, I let a couple of guys I really liked put it in my ass. Why? Do you want to now?" She asks.

"I've never done it." I answer honestly. "I'd love to try it, but only if you do." I tell her, knowing I could do it with the transmitter, but hoping I won't need it.

"Well, now would be a good time. I remember liking it better after I've cum a few times. Just stand up next to the bed." She's says, getting up on all fours and turning her ass towards me. I can't believe I'm actually going to fuck my sister's ass, without using the transmitter!

She has her knees on the edge of the bed and her ass pushed back level with my hard cock. Her ass is a breathtaking sight of creamy, round cheeks that come together almost hiding her small puckered hole. I place my palms flat on her firm ass cheeks, squeeze them and then pull them apart with my thumbs to reveal my newest target.

"You'll need to lubricate me." She says, looking over her shoulder. "Use your finger to get as much of my juice as you can and then slide it inside my ass. You need to do it until your finger slides in and out easily." I do what she says and smear her juices around her tight, puckered, asshole and then slip my finger inside. Meeting a lot of resistance, I pull it out and go back for more juice. This time my finger slides all the way in and I start moving it in and out of her asshole.

"See if you can get two fingers inside." Susan says, her voice a little strained. "You need to stretch it out a little." I coat two fingers with her thick pussy juice and try to slide them inside her ass. I have to twist and turn to get them all the way in and I immediately feel her sphincter clamp around them.

"Now finger fuck my ass to get it ready." Susan says, relaxing her sphincter muscles and pushing her ass back against my fingers. I do as she says, pumping my fingers in and out of her tight asshole.

"Okay, Nick, this is it." She says, panting. "Take it slowly, please! Just put your cock in my pussy to get it all wet, then slowly push it into my ass." I take my fingers out of her ass and push my cock into her pussy. It feels so wet and steamy that I'm tempted to just fuck her pussy. I stroke in and out a few times and she's starting to pick up the rhythm when I pull out and position my cock head against her asshole and push.

"Slow! Take it slow!" She says as I push the head in, feeling the tightness of her moist ass around my cock. I push a little farther and Susan yells, "Stop!" I hold my cock where it is and I can feel her ass muscles relax as she says, "Okay, now pull back just a bit and push a little harder." I do what she says and watch my cock disappear all the way up her ass. It is so fucking tight my cock is throbbing. It feels incredible to have her ass cheeks pushed against me as she lowers her head onto the bed.

"Okay, now fuck my ass, Nick!" She says and I can see her arm stretched under her so her hand can reach her pussy. She must be playing with her clit while I fuck her ass. Holding her hips with my hands, I start pumping my cock in and out of my sister's tight ass. It is unlike anything I have ever felt. It is so tight and without the natural lubricants of her pussy I have no choice but to pound into her really hard to keep the rhythm going, against the overwhelming friction. It's an incredible feeling.

"Ohhh! Nick!" She says. "It feels so much better than I remembered!" Her arm is moving frantically and her ass is pushing back against my cock with an urgent fervor. I feel her asshole clenching my cock causing me to slam into her harder and harder to keep it going.

"I'm going to cum, Nick!" She yells, "Cum with me! Cum in my ass, Nick!" She is slamming her ass back against my cock while I'm hammering her as hard as I can. "Oh god, I'm cumming!" Susan yells and stops moving just as I drive my cock deep inside her ass and shoot my load. My cock jerks violently inside her asshole as I feel her shudder, her own wave of pleasure rolling through her body. She falls forward on the bed, disengaging my spent cock from her tight ass and curls up in the fetal position facing away from me. I lay down behind her spooning my body to hers. Both of us exhausted; we doze off.

I wake up to the sound of my cell phone, the ring tone telling me it's Nicole.

"Hi." I say, still a little sleepy.

"Hi." She says. "What are you doing?" "Um... nothing." I say as Susan turns over and starts drawing circles on my chest with her finger. I swat her hand away. "Um... just hanging out with my sister, Susan." Susan thinks this is a fun game and she starts dragging her fingernails up and down the inside of my thighs.

"Is that your girlfriend?" She whispers, smiling at me. I nod and swat her hand away from my thighs.

"You're with your sister?" Nicole asks through the phone. "Oh Jesus, Nick! You're fucking your sister aren't you?" My silence convinces her. "You've been gone two fucking days and you've zapped your sister, haven't you?"

"Yeah." I say quietly.

"She's got big tits doesn't she?" Nicole asks, just as Susan is kneeling over me and dangling them in my face and brushing her nipples against my cheeks.

"Nicole, will you stop it about that! That's not why." I push Susan's tits away, but not before I gently squeeze them and pull her nipples.

"Are you two fighting?" Susan whispers, smiling like a Cheshire cat, licking my stomach.

"But she does, doesn't she?" Nicole yells. "You are so fucking immature, Nick! I'm down here saving my horny ass for you, waiting for you to come visit me and you're up there fucking your whole god damn family!"

"Nicole! I am not!" I retort. Susan has licked her way down my stomach and is pushing my soft cock around with her tongue.

"You're just like you're uncle Harry, you know that?" Nicole says quietly. "Are you taking pictures and making her cum for the camera?" She asks sarcastically.

"He already did that!" I tell her. "I'm not like him." But as I say it, I wonder if she's right as I realize how much my questions of Alison and Carolyn mirror my uncle Harry's interviews.

"Oh shit!" Nicole says. "She was the fourth disc?" She's quiet for a minute and then says, "Well, it's nice to see you following in your uncle's footsteps. He used the transmitter to fuck his sister, too!" She says, hanging up the phone. Shit!

My cock isn't responding, so Susan crawls back up my body, dragging her nipples lightly against my stomach and chest. Kissing me, she says, "Girlfriend trouble?"

"Yeah." I say. "But we're not going to let it spoil our fun! Come on, let's get dressed and see what mom wants to do about dinner." She kisses me hard on the mouth and heads to her room to get dressed.

As we're eating dinner, mom comments on how well Susan and I are getting along.

"Yeah, maybe we've outgrown our sibling rivalry." Susan says, smiling at me. Afterwards, Susan and I takeover the kitchen, doing dishes, sneaking kisses and copping feels of each other. The three of us watch a movie, eat popcorn and visit until mom says she's tired and goes to bed. Susan and I stay up, sitting next to each other on the couch, talking.

"So, what are we going to do about mom tomorrow night when Sherrie's here?" Susan asks. She's leaning toward me giving me a great view of her bountiful tits. During the movie she had changed into her babydoll nightie with a cotton robe over it. Now the top of the robe is open and I can see the transparent silk of her babydoll top struggling to contain her opulent breasts.

"I'll think of something." I tell her, my hand caressing her breast through the silk material. "I think mom may have left something at uncle Harry's that she'll have to go back for." Rubbing the silk against her nipple is making it hard and I pinch it between my thumb and finger. "Maybe she'll have to spend the night." I whisper, leaning closer and pushing my tongue in her mouth. She responds by putting one hand behind my head, pulling my mouth tighter against hers while squeezing my cock with her other hand. I'm still dressed and my cock is getting anxious to be out of my shorts.

"I want to taste your cock." Susan says, as she nibbles on my ear. "So far, I've had it in my pussy and my ass but not my mouth." She laughs and trails kisses down my chest, dropping her robe as she goes. The silk babydoll is black with thin straps holding up two lace-lined, transparent triangles covering her bountiful tits. The triangles fasten together just below her breasts with more see through material flowing down to her hips. Her hard nipples and pink areolas are visible through the sheer material and she's wearing matching thong panties stretched tightly across her bald pussy. My cock jumps at this erotic vision of my sister.

"What do you think?" She stands up, nearly naked in her babydoll pajamas staring at the obvious bulge in my pants and smiling seductively. "Would Sherrie and I have gotten your attention or not?" She asks.

"Wow! I don't know where to look first." I say, returning her smile. She slowly turns around and gives me a look at her luscious ass, naked except for the thin strip of material disappearing between her firm, round cheeks. She turns back and kneels between my legs, letting the silk material brush against my skin. She unfastens my shorts and pulls them down leaving me sitting in my jockey shorts and shirt. I pull my shirt over my head and then raise my ass off the couch as she pulls the elastic of my jockey shorts up over the end of my hard cock, sliding them down my legs. My cock springs up, pointing at the ceiling and she smiles.

"My turn for wow!" She says. "This is my first look at your hard cock and it makes me sorry I waited so long, Nick." She leans forward and blows her breath against my cock, sending shivers up my spine. She wraps her fingers around my rigid shaft and pulls the head toward her lips, licking it like the top of an ice cream cone.

"Oh fuck!" I moan. "That feels so good!" She smiles again and we lock eyes as she slips just the head of my cock into her warm, wet mouth and starts sucking on it. I push forward trying to get more of my cock in her mouth, but she's wrapped her other hand around it just below the head, preventing any forward motion. She teases me like this, pumping my cock with her hands and sucking on the head until I'm pushing so hard, she releases my cock and sucks half the length into her mouth. I gasp at the suddenness of this unexpected sensation as her electrifying tongue starts dancing all around the sides of my cock.

"God, Susan. You are amazing!" I tell her, being careful not to speak too loudly. "Ohhh! Yes!" I moan as she starts caressing my balls, rolling them around in her hand. Susan pumps my cock in and out of her mouth, sucking and licking as she continues massaging my balls. I lean back against the couch with my eyes closed. This must be a fucking dream! How else do I explain sitting naked in my living room while my sister gives me the most intense blowjob of my life?

Susan must feel my balls constricting, because she pulls her mouth back until just the head is inside, readying herself for my release. She's pumping rapidly, stroking my balls and sucking on the head of my cock. Making eye contact, she nods that she's ready. I'm bucking wildly on the couch feeling my balls tighten. I tense my legs, pushing them out straight, jerk my cock forward and start shooting streams of cum down her throat. Susan keeps sucking and pumping, swallowing every bit of it, until I relax back on the couch, depleted. Susan cleans up my cock with her tongue and then crawls up on my lap, puts her arms around my neck and kisses me lightly on the lips.

"I wish we could sleep together tonight." She whispers in my ear. "I just can't stop hugging you, touching you or tasting you." She says licking my ear and my neck.

"If we both close our doors, mom won't know who's in what room and I doubt if she'll come in to wake us in the morning." I answer, thinking I can guarantee that with the transmitter.

"Really?" Susan asks, excitedly. "Are you sure it'll be okay?" She says, looking at me lustfully.

"I'm sure. Besides, you can't sleep alone in an outfit like that. It isn't right!" I answer, kissing her passionately and holding her silk covered breasts against my naked chest. "Come on, get your robe." We go into my bedroom and I tell her I'm going to the bathroom, which I am. I also go into mom's room with the transmitter. Putting the ear buds in my ears and tuning into mom's frequency, I wake her up as I push the button.

"Mom." I whisper.

"Yes." She sounds completely awake, with that monotone voice.

"Susan and I stayed up late tonight and want to sleep in tomorrow. Don't come into our rooms in the morning until we come out. Okay?" I ask, knowing the answer already.

"Okay, Nick." Mom says.

"Go back to sleep." I say, turning off the transmitter. She's asleep before I get to her door.

Back in my bedroom, I snuggle up to Susan, kissing her neck and rubbing the silk of her thong against her smooth, hairless pussy. She, meanwhile, is flicking her thumb across the head of my cock while squeezing her fingers around it, reviving me for our final fuck of the day.

It's a slow, leisurely fuck, our bodies melding together and every point of contact exciting and arousing our passion. My cock gliding in and out of her saturated pussy is only the centerpiece of an ensemble of entwined tongues and heaving chests that builds to a hypnotic, sweat-soaked crescendo. No hammering or pounding, just two bodies pushing and grinding against each other trying to become one, with a climax more powerful than either of us expected.

As we catch our breath, we agree to carry out the plans she made with Sherrie for tomorrow night. I'll let them tease me and then surprise them when they're together in her room. By that time Sherrie should be so hot, we can easily get a threesome going. Of course, I don't tell Susan that I'll use the transmitter to ensure her receptivity. We fall asleep with our bodies intertwined and me still inside of her.

We sleep late and can't resist a quick morning fuck, with me bending Susan's legs up toward her shoulders and pounding my cock into her like a pile driver, slapping my balls against her ass and bringing us both to a quick climax. Susan gathers up her discarded baby doll and sneaks out of my room. While she's showering, I give mom a post transmission suggestion that she needs to go back to uncle Harry's house and make sure she has everything for the lawyer. Even though she'll be spending the night, she wants Susan and I to stay here and continue our visit.

"I'm sorry, kids." Mom says, over breakfast. "But I have to go back to Harry's house. I think I left some things there that I'm going to need." Susan looks at me, incredulously while mom continues. "I don't want to spoil your weekend, Susan, so you just stay here, visit with Nick and Sherrie and I'll be back tomorrow afternoon." By the time Sherrie arrives, mom is on her way to uncle Harry's house.

Sherrie is just as sexy as I remembered her. She arrives wearing a black t-shirt, with a Beatles logo curving over her medium sized breasts, tucked into skintight jeans. She's shorter than Susan, maybe 5' 5", with light brown hair that's parted in the middle and flows halfway down her back. I watch the succulent curves of her ass cheeks, as she and Susan disappear down the hall into Susan's room.

While they're plotting out the evenings adventure, I try to call Nicole and get her voice mail. I try text messaging her, but she doesn't respond to that either. I call back and leave her a voice message trying to explain how things just happened between Susan and I, but it comes out all wrong and I wish there was a way to erase it. I finish by telling her that I love her and I can't wait to see her.

I sit on the couch, flipping channels on the TV, not really watching anything, thinking about what Nicole said about me being like uncle Harry. I'm wondering if I've permanently fucked things up with her, when Susan and Sherrie come out of the bedroom. They're both still in their regular clothes, but their faces are flush and I wonder what they've been doing in there. My cock stirs at the image of them getting each other off and in anticipation of tonight's activities.

"We're going to order a pizza and watch a movie." Susan tells me. "You're welcome to join us if you promise not to be obnoxious." She laughs, looking at Sherrie.

"Yeah, well if you guys don't talk through the whole movie." I retort. "What kind of pizza are you getting?"

We order the pizza and Susan and Sherrie go out to rent a movie. They come back with a romantic comedy that I've already seen, but I don't plan on watching much of the movie anyway. The pizza arrives while they're changing and when I go down the hall to tell them, I hear them giggling through the door.


"Come on." Sherrie says. "They don't have to be very hard to see them through this sheer material."

"Mmmmm. What if I'm just enjoying sucking on them?" Susan answers. She must be sucking on Sherrie's nipples to get them hard. God, this is going to be some night.

"Here, let me do you." Sherrie says. "I can't believe we're going to let your brother see us like this! I'm wet just thinking about it. This thong isn't going to cover much when it's soaking wet." She laughs.

"It doesn't cover much anyway!" Susan laughs. "Nick is going to be cumming in his pants when he sees you like this! Mmmmm that feels nice."

"What about you? You aren't leaving much to the imagination either." Sherrie says.

"More than you are!" Susan answers. Shit! I can't believe that Susan's babydoll covers more than Sherrie's outfit. "Ready?" Susan asks.

I scurry back down the hall and yell, "Pizza's here!" Then take a slice of pizza and a diet coke into the living room and sit in the recliner. That leaves the couch for the girls and I'll have a great view of them sitting together in their skimpy outfits.

When they come out of the bedroom, they have to walk past the living room to get to the pizza in the kitchen. Susan walks out first, smiling and winking at me, looking hot in the same see through babydoll nightie from last night. I almost drop my pizza though, when I see Sherrie appear behind her, wearing a strapless, transparent top held up by only a lacy white elastic band stretched across her breasts. Below the two-inch elastic band her hard nipples are pushing against the sheerest white material you can imagine and her breasts are completely visible through it. Her top hangs down just below her matching thong and I can see her bare ass cheeks as she turns toward the kitchen.

I adjust my hardening cock, but I can't hide the bulge in my shorts. I guess that's what they want anyway so I don't really try. They come into the living room and sit on the couch holding their pizza and drinks. My eyes are glued to Sherrie's tits. She might as well be naked as visible as they are through her flimsy top. She meets my eye, and then glances at my crotch, smiling at the obvious bulge.

"Put your eyes back in your head and start the movie." Susan says. "We just want to be comfortable."

"I'm glad." I say as I get up to put in the DVD and my cock makes a tent on the front of my shorts.

"I can tell." Laughs Sherrie. I put in the DVD and when I turn back around I see Sherrie pulling her hand from between her legs and shifting her position on the couch. She's sitting with her legs slightly apart holding her plate in front of her. I hit the remote to start the DVD and recline my chair back. From this position I can see the crotch of Sherrie's thong, pulled tightly against her pussy lips and my cock starts throbbing inside my shorts.

I just sit there shifting my gaze between Sherrie and my sister. Either of these women would make my dick hard if they were dressed, but both of them sitting here practically naked, is really taking its toll. Just when I wonder how long we're going to keep this up, Sherrie gets up and walks over to my chair.

"Do you want another piece?" She says, taking my plate. I'm staring right at her thong-covered pussy and the moist material is stretched around her puffy pussy lips. My eyes travel up her flat stomach, with a butterfly tattoo just below her naval, to her pert breasts with rigid, pink nipples. As I make contact with her eyes she just smiles.

"Sure." I finally answer, handing her my plate. "Thanks." My mouth is dry and I can hardly speak. When she turns to go, her bare ass is inches from my face. Fuck! Her cheeks are firm and round and I want to just grab a handful and squeeze. My eyes follow her tantalizing ass cheeks all the way out of the room then turn to look at Susan. She's laughing at my reaction and pointing at the tent in the front of my shorts.

"How long are you going to last?" She whispers. "What do you think of Sherrie's outfit?"

"Fucking incredible!" I whisper back. "I can't wait to get my hands on her!"

"Shhh!" Susan says as Sherrie walks back into the room and brings me my pizza. She bends over to set the plate on my lap and her breasts, hanging loose inside her transparent top, captivate my attention. The plate won't sit right, since my lap has a tent pole in the middle of it and the pizza slides off onto my shorts.

"Oops! Sorry!" Sherrie says as she starts brushing the crumbs from the front of my shorts, in effect running her fingers up and down my cock. "I'm so clumsy." She laughs and her breasts jiggle, skimming her hard nipples against the sheer material, as she continues to brush away the crumbs.

"That's okay." I tell her, enjoying the sensation of her fingers brushing up and down my cock. "Take your time and make sure you get them all off." I say, smiling. She hands me the plate with the pizza slice on it and turns to sit down, once again displaying her lovely ass for me. This goes on for over an hour, with none of us really watching the movie. About midway through the movie, Susan gets up and goes into the bathroom, leaving me alone with Sherrie. I pull the transmitter out of my pocket, put in the ear buds and tune to her frequency.

"Sherrie." I say, waiting for the monotone answer.

"Yes."

"How horny are you right now?" I ask.

"Very horny." She answers. "Soaking wet horny."

"How would you like me to fuck you tonight?" I ask.

"I'd love it, but I'm not sure Susan would approve. She has other plans for tonight."

"What if the three of us have sex together?" I suggest.

"I've never done that and Susan is your sister, so it wouldn't be right." She says.

"Well tonight you're not going to worry about that. You are going to be so horny you'll be ready and willing for a threesome with Susan and I. In fact you'll remember it as the best sex of your life." When Susan comes back, I excuse myself and tell them I'm going to bed.

"Aren't you going to finish?" My sister asks. "Watching the movie, I mean."

"Nah." I answer. "I've seen it before." I answer, staring at her body. As I enter my bedroom, I glance back at the two of them on the couch giggling and reaching for each other. I close my door and it isn't long before I hear them go into Susan's room. Susan and I agreed I would wait ten minutes before I sneak into her room.

I strip off my clothes and silently enter Susan's room, my hard cock leading the way. The bedside lamp lights up the room and I follow the trail of nighties and thongs from the door to the bed. Susan is lying on her back, with her knees pulled up, pinching and pulling her own nipples, while Sherrie is kneeling between Susan's legs, with her ass in the air and her tongue in Susan's pussy. I walk quietly up behind Sherrie and watch her pumping two fingers frantically in and out of her own pussy, while she eats my sister. I put my finger to my lips when Susan sees me standing behind Sherrie. She smiles and nods her agreement.

With my face inches from Sherrie's hairless pussy, I watch her thick juices run down her fingers, as they piston in and out between her puffy, wet lips. I savor the view for a minute, just looking at her firm, round ass cheeks and then focus on her puckered asshole staring back at me like a little eye. My cock is literally jumping at the chance to replace her fingers and I gently squeeze her cheeks to let her know I'm there.

Pulling her fingers from her sopping, wet pussy, I rub my cock head up and down her lips a couple of times before plunging in. Holding her hips with my hands, I bury the entire length in one long stroke and hold it deep inside her steamy hole. Like a velvet glove tightening around my cock, her fiery pussy walls pulsate their welcome to my rigid shaft.

"Mmph!" I hear Sherrie's muffled moan from between my sister's legs. "Oh yes!" She yells, lifting her head momentarily before resuming her tongue fucking. She's rocking her firm ass cheeks against me, willing my cock to start moving in and out of her anxious pussy.

"Fuck me, Nick. Fuck me hard!" She yells, rocking back against my hard cock. Instead, I very slowly back my cock out, dragging it against the plush walls of her snug pussy until the head is barely between her lips, and then still holding her hips with both hands, I slam my cock back into her slick, fiery hole like a battering ram. After a couple of slow, dragging exits and hard slamming poundings, I start picking up speed, hammering her relentlessly and shoving her face into Susan's pussy. The three of us pick up a rhythm with Susan humping her ass off the bed when I'm pulling back, then crashing back down when I shove forward, driving Sherrie's face against her crotch.

"Ohhhh... God... eat me... Sherrie... I'm going to cum!" Susan shouts each word on every down stroke of my cock. Her voice is shaky and she's panting as Sherrie eats her to climax and I continue to hammer my cock deep inside her roommate's pussy. Watching my sister cum, as she pulls and twists her own nipples, ignites my release and I know I'm not going to last much longer. I keep up the furious pace trying to get Sherrie to join me in a mutual climax, but I can't hold it. I slam into her as hard as I can, pulling her hips against me and shooting my load deep into her tight, hot pussy. Sherrie grinds her ass against me and is thrusting her pussy against her hand. I didn't notice that she had kept her hand between her legs and was frantically rubbing her clit, while I was jamming my cock into her.

"Ohhh, Fuck! I'm cumming, too!" Sherrie pushes her ass back harder against me and I can feel her pussy quivering around my cock as her orgasm hits. I hold her against me as she rides out multiple waves of pulsating pleasure. When she stops moving, I let go of her hips and she falls forward, pulling my depleted cock from her dripping pussy. She lies across Susan's body, resting her head on Susan's full breasts, catching her breath. I climb on the bed beside them, pulling Susan's mouth to mine, kissing her deeply and passionately.

"Oh my God!" Sherrie says. "That was so fucking hot! Having you fuck me while I ate Susan's pussy! I've never cum so hard in my life!" I run my hand over Sherrie's ass, squeezing her cheeks, while continuing my tongue-fest with Susan. Sherrie turns her head, sees Susan and I kissing and slides down the bed until her face is next to my pussy-coated cock. Leaning her head closer, she starts licking her juices off my cock and my balls. When my cock starts responding, she wraps her hand around it and gently pumps it while sucking the head into her mouth. When I start rocking my hips against her mouth, Susan breaks off the kiss to see what's going on.

"You two look like you're ready to go again." Susan exclaims excitedly. "Well if you're going to suck his cock, swing your legs around here so I can get at your pussy." Susan tells Sherrie. As Sherrie turns around to give Susan access to her drenched pussy, it gives me an idea.

"Hey, sis, why don't you slide sideways on the bed and stretch your legs out so I can reach your pussy at the same time?" Susan smiles and jumps at the idea. We end up looking like a crooked triangle with Sherrie's lips around my cock, Susan's head between Sherrie's legs lapping up our combined juices and my tongue inside my sister's sopping, bald pussy. Sherrie is obviously an experienced cocksucker and I can't keep my hips still, as she hand pumps my cock in and out of her mouth, flicking her tongue all around it and caressing my balls with her other hand. I fervently attack my sister's succulent pussy, lapping up her juices while I run my hand over her smooth mound and gently pinch her engorged clit between my finger and thumb. Susan must be doing all right with Sherrie's pussy judging by the way she's moving around. Muffled moans can be heard from all three corners of the triangle. I shift my focus to Susan's clit and suck it inside my mouth, flicking my tongue over the tip until I feel her shiver and she pushes her pussy harder against my mouth.

"Oh fuck yes!" She yells, while taking a breath from her own machinations of Sherrie's pussy. The three of us are rocking the bed something fierce when I feel my balls tighten in anticipation of their impending release. Sherrie recognizes the sign and increases the intensity of her pumping and sucking action while pulling her lips back closer to the head of my cock. Susan is jerking wildly against my mouth and I keep sucking and licking her clit until she clamps her legs together, grabbing the back of my head to keep me from moving, while her orgasm quivers through her body. Prying her legs apart I savor the taste of her thick, syrupy, nectar as it flows freely from her wide open pussy lips and runs down her leg. This puts me over the top and I push my cock deeper into Sherrie's mouth, my hips jerking wildly, while I spew several streams of cum into her mouth and down her throat. She keeps sucking and swallowing while she starts bucking her hips wildly against Susan's mouth. Raising her hips off the bed, she jerks several times then collapses back down, her legs shaking, letting my cock fall from her mouth while she catches her breath.

We're all panting and gasping for air, while we shift our sweat-soaked bodies around so we're all laying the same direction. I'm on my back in the middle of the bed with Susan on one side and Sherrie on the other; my arms around their shoulders, their heads on my chest, tits crushed against my sides and legs draped over mine. Smiling at each other their lips meet across my chest in a gentle kiss.

"This is way better than just teasing him." Sherrie says. "Are you going to fuck your brother?" She asks.

"Yeah." Susan says dreamily. "As soon as I recover from him eating my pussy." She lies her head back down on my chest and closes her eyes. We all rest for a while before we start up again.

Before we fall asleep for the night, Susan rides my cock while Sherrie sits on my face. Then the two girls opt for a joint blowjob, one sucking my balls while the other sucks my cock, alternating pumping me in and out of each other's mouth. The sight of these two sexy coeds, one of them my sister, kneeling between my legs, their tits swinging back and forth as they fight over my cock, gives me the biggest orgasm of the night.

The next morning I wake up, glad to know it wasn't just a dream. I really slept with my sister and her roommate, their naked bodies still wrapped around mine. My morning hard-on doesn't go unnoticed and Sherrie argues successfully that she should be the one to ride it because she won't see me as often as my sister. Susan watches for a while then runs one hand over Sherrie's ass and down to my balls and uses her other hand to stimulate Sherrie's clit, while Sherrie bounces up and down on my rigid pole. I've got my hands on her tits, squeezing them and palming her hard nipples, as they bob up and down. Susan's hand caressing my balls drives me to the edge and I buck my hips up, pushing my cock deeper into Sherrie's cunt, just as she slams down against me and clenches her pussy around my cock. I'm still shooting cum deep into Sherrie's pulsating pussy when Susan pushes her tongue in my mouth, kissing me passionately. Sherrie collapses on my chest and her tongue joins ours, alternating between my mouth and Susan's. God! Fucking my sister was a fantasy come true, but her and her roommate together is off the fucking charts!

We take a leisurely shower and enjoy lathering each other and sliding our soapy bodies together. Watching Susan and Sherrie slither their tits together, sparks my cock to life and I'm soon rubbing it between Susan's ass cheeks. Reaching around her to cup Sherrie's ass, I sandwich Susan between us and the girls kiss passionately, while I shoot what little cum I have left onto my sister's back. Reluctantly, we finish our shower, get dressed and are watching TV when mom gets home from uncle Harry's house. We drive Susan and Sherrie to the airport, with me sitting between them in the back seat talking and touching and plotting when we can get back together.

When we get home I call Nicole again and she picks up on the second ring.

"Hey." She says. "What are you doing? Or should I say, 'Who are you doing?'" She adds sarcastically. "Did you fuck anyone else this weekend besides your sister?"

"Yeah. Her roommate." I answer honestly. "And don't ask about her tits!"

"Jesus Christ, Nick! What is wrong with you?" She yells. "You fucked your sister and her roommate. You can't just keep zapping everybody you want to fuck!"

"It wasn't like that, Nicole. "I tell her about the DVD of Susan admitting how she intentionally teases me and what her and Sherrie had planned for this weekend.

"Okay, so they weren't innocent bystanders, but that doesn't make it right for you to fuck them. How did you pull off fucking them both anyway?" She wonders.

"It was a threesome." I tell her and then quickly add, "Susan and Sherrie were already doing each other at school so I didn't corrupt them, if that's what you're thinking."

"Jesus, Nick you're going to wear that thing out, and I don't mean the transmitter." She laughs. "Couldn't you have gotten back at them without fucking them? And a threesome! Come on!"

"Don't go there, Nicole." I warn her. "I seem to remember you stroking my cock while I ate Carolyn's pussy, and then getting yourself off while you watched us fuck. Wasn't that a threesome?"

"Yeah." She says sheepishly. "I'm probably just jealous and selfish. I want to be the one fucking you, Nick. You awakened something in me and now I don't want to share you. You're up there fucking everything that moves and what am I suppose to do? I don't even have a brother!" She says laughing and I laugh with her.

"Nick, I'm just worried about you and that transmitter." She says sincerely. "You are way too impulsive with it. How long do you think it'll be before you have a neighbor girl showing up everyday at 4 o'clock without any underwear?" She's struck a nerve and I respond sharply.

"That's not fair, Nicole!" I yell at her. "What about what I did for your Dad and your asshole neighbor? And I didn't hear you complain when I undid your post transmission suggestion."

"I know and I appreciate all you've done, Nick." She says. "But for every good thing you've done, how many innocent people have you zapped just because you wanted to fuck them? This thing gives you tremendous power, Nick, and you have to be careful with it. You know what they say about power corrupting. I don't want that to happen to you! You saw the video, Nick. How would you feel if it was you being told to make your dick hard and shoot cum across the room?"

"Okay, Nicole." I concede. "You make a good point and you're right, I have been pretty impulsive with it. How about from now on I only use it to change bad behavior, like I did with your dad?" As I say this, I'm not sure if I have that much self-control, but she is making good sense.

"And who decides what's good and bad, Nick? You?" She asks. "Are you the judge and jury over inappropriate behavior? What if you're wrong? Aren't you concerned that one day you could think you're doing good but really fuck up someone's life?" I stay silent, thinking about what she's saying. She takes the hint and changes the subject. "Sorry. I really don't mean to lecture you, Nick. I just care about you so much. Speaking of how much I care, why don't you come see me next weekend?"

"I'd love to!" I answer excitedly. "I really miss you. I'll check with my mom and let you know, okay."

"You know you can get anything you want! Please! I really need to see you." She pleads. "I'll make it worth your while." She adds seductively.

"Oh. So it's okay to use the transmitter if it's something you want, huh?" I tease.

"Yeah. I didn't say to never use it, did I?" She answers with a chuckle.



"Okay. It's a date. I'll drive down Saturday morning. I'll call you when I'm close and you can meet me at uncle Harry's. We'll spend the weekend together. How's that?" I ask. I really am excited about seeing her.

We talk everyday for the next week and I let her know that Mom agreed to let me take the car and spend the weekend without me having to use the transmitter. The anticipation is growing for our visit and the week drags by.

I take the transmitter to school with me but only use it a couple of times. I'm very tempted to use it on my sexy English teacher. She is in her mid twenties and so fucking hot that every guy in class has wet dreams about her. Thinking about what Nicole said about me being impulsive, I decide that I'm not going to let the power of this thing corrupt me. I do use it to stop the star quarterback of our football team from bullying one of my friends and then again the next day to make his cheerleader girlfriend forget to put anything on under her skirt during Friday night's big game. She was really being a bitch to some girls I know and putting down how they looked, so I decided if she was so hot, she could flaunt it for everyone to see during her high-kicks. She thought everyone was whooping and hollering because her routine was so good until my sexy English teacher dragged her off the field. No one saw her the rest of the night.

Saturday morning, I'm on the road early, eagerly anticipating my weekend with Nicole. I call her when I'm a few miles away and she's waiting for me at uncle Harry's when I arrive. Wearing a tank top with no bra and tight shorts, she runs and jumps in my arms as I get out of the car. Wrapping her legs and arms around me, she presses her lips against mine kissing me passionately.

"I missed you so much!" She says, kissing all over my face. "I can't believe you're really here!" She's lowered her feet back to the ground and hugging me around the waist, pressing her body against mine. Her breasts feel good against my chest and my cock responds. "Mmmm. You are glad to see me." She teases, grabbing my hand and pulling me towards the house.

Once inside we are all over each other, tearing at each other's clothes and breaking off our kisses only long enough to remove more clothing. Her tank top comes off first and I squeeze her firm mounds and pinch her nipples as our lips come back together. Then she pulls my shirt over my head and presses her hard nipples against my chest while fumbling with my shorts.

She gets me naked first and drops to her knees hungrily devouring my cock. We're still in the entryway and I'm humping my cock into Nicole's warm mouth while she runs her nails up the inside of my thighs and across my balls. I haven't fucked anyone for a week and I feel the tension building up quickly. She looks up at me as she pumps my cock in and out of her mouth. Dropping her hand to her side, she slides her lips all the way down to the base of my cock and I feel the head enter her throat. She holds me there for a second then slowly drags her lips back along my shaft while flicking the sides with her tongue.

"Oh god! Nicole!" I moan. "That feels so fucking good!" I'm thrusting my hips forward trying to drive my cock back into her throat. She moves with my thrusts, deep throating my cock while continuing to cup my balls and squeezing my ass with her other hand.

"Oh Fuck! Nicole! I'm cumming already!" I yell, as my balls constrict and she again grabs my cock with her hand, pumping it in and out of her mouth. Her tongue is licking the underside of my cock, as I start erupting in jerky spasms, shooting load after load of cum into her welcoming mouth. Nicole swallows as fast as she can but my balls have built up so much that some spills out and runs down her chin. I lean against the wall for support, as Nicole sucks me clean then runs her tongue around her mouth to get the overflow.

Standing up she says, "God I missed you, Nick!" Wrapping her arms around my neck and shoving her cum flavored tongue into my mouth, we kiss savagely, grinding our bodies together. We get as far as the living room before I get her shorts off. Her panties are soaking wet as I pull them down her legs and toss them aside. We sit on the couch and I'm fondling her pert, teen-sized tits as I kiss my way down her neck. She leans back against the couch and I suck her nipple into my mouth, flicking the tip of it with my tongue. I trade-off between her nipples, sucking and biting each one, as I slide my hand down her stomach to her soft patch of brown hair. She spreads her legs, anxious for me to touch her hot, wet pleasure center. I slowly run my finger up and down her aroused slit, evoking moans from her, as she raises her ass up and pushes against my finger.

"Oh god, Nick!" Nicole moans. "I've missed you so fucking much!" She's pushing her pussy against my finger, trying to get it to slide inside. I keep teasing her by running my wet finger up and down her lips, but not penetrating. Letting her nipple slip from my lips, I trail kisses down her stomach and kneel on the floor between her legs.

Bending forward, I breathe in her familiar scent while rubbing my cheeks back and forth across her soft pubic hair. I lick along her inner thighs and all around her pussy, momentarily avoiding her aching pussy lips. She's squirming around and sliding her ass forward on the couch, trying to push her soaking lips against my tongue. Spreading her knees farther apart, I lower my head and take one long, slow lick from her puckered ass all the way to her engorged clit.

"Oh Fuck!" Nicole yells. "Eat my pussy, Nick. I really need you to eat me now!" I push my tongue between her puffy, pink lips and lick her delicious, hot juices. Her taste is intoxicating and my cock is already recovered, as I tongue fuck her and eat her creamy nectar. She is responding to my tongue, humping her pussy against my mouth and spreading her legs even wider.

I replace my tongue with my middle finger and start to gently lick around her clit, as I slide my finger in and out of her steamy pussy. Sucking her clit completely into my mouth, I lightly run my tongue back and forth across the tip of it, while continuing to finger fuck her. She's bucking wildly now, thrusting her hips up, while grinding her clit against my tongue. I quicken my pace, pumping my finger in and out of her sopping pussy while sucking and nibbling on her clit.

"I'm cumming!" Nicole yells, "I'm fucking cumming, Nick! Oh fuck!" She clamps her pussy tightly around my finger, jerking wildly, her whole body shaking. She trembles as her orgasm hits, and hot cream gushes over my hand and down her ass cheeks. I shift my mouth back to her pussy and hungrily lap up her delectable flow of syrup. Nicole's chest is heaving and she's gasping for breath as I lap up more and more of her thick, tasty cream.

"Oh god, Nick." Nicole breathes, running her fingers through my hair. "I need your hard cock inside me so badly. Let's find a bed!"

We finally make it to one of the bedrooms, kissing and fondling all the way down the hallway. Nicole falls on the bed, pulls her knees up and spreads her legs all in one motion. I'm right behind her lining my rigid shaft up with her glistening hole and plunge into her tight, hot chasm. Her pussy stretches and conforms to the intrusion of my hard cock, wrapping her juice soaked walls tightly against me.

"Oh God! Nicole, you are so tight! So hot! You feel so fucking good!" I breathe. Then, leaning my mouth right next to her ear while pumping my cock in and out of her tight hole, I add, "I love you, Nicole."

"Ohh! I love you, too, Nick!" Nicole whispers, wrapping her legs around my ass and matching my thrusts with hers.

With an urgency built from anticipation and our mutual declarations of love, we pick up a rapidly pounding rhythm that drives us into a frenzied, sweat-soaked crescendo, with each of us moaning the other's name.

Relaxed and depleted we slip into a restful sleep, still coupled together.

"Nick." I awaken to Nicole's voice from the other side of the room.

"What?" I ask turning over and rubbing my eyes. They pop open at the shock of seeing Nicole with the ear buds in her ears and her finger on the transmitter button.

"Wait, Nicole, don't mess with my transmitter!" I say sitting up.

"I'm doing it for us! Because I love you, Nick!" She says. Then with a smile, she adds, "Don't worry, you won't even remember you found it."



Neuro Submission Transmitter Ch. 02
bysamslam©

"I couldn't do it, Nick." Nicole says, taking the ear buds out and walking towards the bed. She's still naked; her pink nipples are pointing straight out from her small, white mounds and her face is flush.

"What's going on, Nicole?" I ask. A second ago she was going to zap me with the transmitter and make me forget all about... Wait! We're in uncle Harry's bedroom and my cock is throbbing like crazy; it's harder than I've ever seen it. The veins are popping out and the head is so dark it's almost purple.

"I was afraid that if I made you forget about the transmitter, you'd forget about us." Nicole says as she climbs on the bed, positioning her pussy over my rigid cock. Her pussy lips, slick with her juices, easily glide down my shaft, engulfing my cock completely inside her snug, velvety pussy.

"Oh fuck! I feel like I'm about to burst!" I yell as Nicole starts rolling her hips and grinding her clit against my pelvic bone.

"You know in those science fiction movies." Nicole says as she slides up and down on my cock. "Where they turn back time and end up erasing their own existence?" She's picking up speed and panting as she continues. "Well... I couldn't... figure out... what command... to give you... that wouldn't... fuck everything... up!" She says this last word as she starts frantically riding my hard cock. I've been ready to cum since she first mounted me and I'm surprised that I'm not already shooting inside her enflamed pussy. I'm so fucking close!

Nicole is riding me like a woman on fire, bouncing up to the tip of my throbbing, hard cock and then slamming her pussy down around me. Her thin, pink nipples are harder than ever, while her firm young tits are jiggling all around. I cup my hands around them, rolling her eraser-hard nipples against my palms.

"Oh fuck, Nicole! I'm cumming!" I yell, as I feel my balls constrict and the build up in my cock has reached the bursting point. I'm bucking my ass off the bed, matching her frantic onslaught and readying myself for the welcome relief. Nicole just smiles and keeps riding me like I'm a bronco she's trying to tame. Her pussy juice is gushing around my cock and soaking my ass. I can hear the sloshing sound each time we slam together, pushing my aching cock deep inside her fiery hole.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" I yell as the sweat runs down my face and I buck harder against her soaking wet pussy. I can't think. I can't do anything except pound my cock deeper inside her cunt, driving for that elusive release. Nicole's body abruptly stiffens and she clenches her pussy muscles tightly around my burning cock, as she spasms through a convulsive orgasm.

"You can cum now, Nick." Nicole pants, as her body shakes with the pleasure of her explosive orgasm. My cock bursts loose; jerking wildly, I shoot load after load of cum deep inside her tight, pulsating pussy. My hips keep bucking against her until every drop of built-up cum is released and I fall back on the bed gasping for air.

Nicole falls forward onto my chest, our sweat-soaked bodies heaving against each other as we try to catch our breath. I'm the first to find my voice.

"What just happened, Nicole?" I ask, testily.

"Well, when I couldn't figure out how to erase your memory." She says, with her head on my shoulder, "I decided the best way to help you control your impulses was to create some empathy for your victims." She's explaining, like she's talking to a child. "So, I gave you a few suggestions, made a video of you and got so fucking horny doing it, that I gave you a Post Transmission Suggestion that you would stay hard and not cum until I let you."

"You what!" I'm furious. "A fucking video! Nicole, I never did anything like that to you!" I'm yelling at her and pushing her off of me. "That wasn't me! You still have me confused with uncle Harry!" I push her over on her back and sit up, sliding my ass over a pool of our combined juices.

Nicole jumps off the bed and starts to get dressed. "Fine!" She yells. "I had to do something, Nick! You were out of control! I know you're not your uncle Harry, but you were heading in that direction!" She's pulling her shorts on as she yells at me. She throws a DVD on the bed and stands there with her hands on her hips, her naked tits jutting out from her chest. "Just watch this, so you know how it feels to be treated this way." She says, pulling her top on as she walks out of the bedroom.

"Fuck you, Nicole!" I yell just before she slams the front door. I sit on the bed trying to make sense of what just happened. I look at the clock. Fuck! It's been over two hours since Nicole was going to zap me. I look at the DVD. What did she do?

I get dressed, go into the library and put the DVD in the computer.

The picture is a close up of me, sitting naked on uncle Harry's bed, very similar to the position of the women in uncle Harry's videos.

"Nick, have you used the transmitter on anyone you haven't told me about?" Nicole asks from behind the camera.

"No." I answer in that weird monotone voice.

"Did you do anything to me or make any suggestions that you haven't told me about?" She asks.

"No." I say, flatly.

"What do you really think of my tits, Nick?" She asks. Christ, not this again, I think, as I'm waiting for the answer on the video. I wonder if I can give her a Post Transmission Suggestion not to be self-conscious about her tits.

"I love your tits, Nicole." I hear myself in that flat, monotone voice. "I love how firm they are, I love touching them and I love how your nipples get really hard when I suck on them."

"Okay. Um... did you fuck your mother, Nick?" Nicole sounds anxious as she asks this question. She really doesn't trust me does she?

"No, I didn't." I answer on the video. At least she's seeing that I was honest with her.

"What did you and your mother do besides sleep naked together?" Nicole is really trying to trap me, now.

"She gave me a blow job and jacked me off in the shower a couple of times." Oh fuck, I'd forgotten all about that.

"You showered with your mother?" Nicole asks incredulously.

"Yes, twice. We washed each other and she soaped my cock and balls until I came on her arm." Damn, I didn't have to volunteer so much information!

"Have you done anything with your mother since you left here?" Nicole asks, with a tone of disgust in her voice.

"No."

"Just your sister, huh?" She says.

"Yes." "I don't want to know about that." She says, dismissively. The camera zooms in on my chest and Nicole's voice comes through, "Make your nipples hard, Nick." I watch in amazement as my nipples push out into two little hard points on my chest.

The video cuts to a close up shot of my cock and balls. My legs are spread and my knees are bent. Nicole's voice again. "Make your dick hard, Nick." Wow! My cock starts stretching out to its full length, pointing toward the ceiling.

"Harder." Nicole says and I watch as my dick grows slightly larger and puffs out on the sides.

"Harder." Her voice is calm but demanding. My cock swells a little more and the veins become more prominent.

"Harder." She says and I can almost see the blood rushing to the head of my cock as it turns a dark shade of bluish-purple. My cock actually looks swollen as it stands rigidly at an angle from my crotch. It really looks sore and I find myself squirming on my chair.

"Make your cock as aroused as you can without cumming." Nicole says and I watch my balls tighten and my swollen cock twitch as pre-cum oozes out over the tip.

What the fuck was she thinking? I'm getting angry all over again.

On the video, Nicole says, "Now make your cock go limp, Nick." My cock immediately returns to its pre-arousal state. My balls are hanging loose and my soft cock is drooped to the side.

"Now make it as hard as you can and hold it in its highest state of arousal without cumming." Nicole says and my cock jumps; extending and swelling to its largest size, veins popping out, twitching and oozing pre-cum from the purple head as my balls again constrict.

"How does that feel?" Nicole asks. She really is trying to mimic the video that uncle Harry made of her.

"Fine." I answer as my cock is obviously throbbing and aching. I wonder if Nicole got as horny watching this video as I did watching hers.

Nicole says, "Now cum." And my cock bursts like a cannon, shooting cum straight up in the air out of view of the camera. A second shot goes out of view also, then cum just oozes out of the tip and runs down over my cock. The camera zooms out showing globs of spunk on my stomach and chest as my cock goes limp. The video cuts to another close up of my cock, all cleaned up.

"Make your cock fully aroused and hold it at the highest level of arousal." Nicole says and my cock again responds. I wonder if she's going to make me masturbate like uncle Harry made her.

I hear Nicole say, "Nick, when I turn off the transmitter, you will be aching for me to fuck your hard cock. You will lose yourself in the pleasure of the moment but not cum until I say you can." The video ends abruptly.

That must have been when she couldn't take it anymore and needed to ride my cock, I think, staring at the blue screen on the monitor.

I spend a restless night trying to figure out what to do about Nicole. I know I can't ever let her get her hands on the transmitter again and I'm really tired of her postulating about how impulsive I am with it. As I'm tossing and turning, I think about her initial reaction to the transmitter and how erotic she thought it was, she even went with me when I fucked Carolyn. So what changed? I finally fall asleep, dreaming of Carolyn's sexy brown body.

I wake up still pissed off at Nicole and decide I might as well go home today rather than spend another night at uncle Harry's house. Dreaming about Carolyn left me really horny and after breakfast I drive to the mall to see if she's working. Spotting her car in the usual spot, I walk in to the store and look for the jewelry counter. I see her before she sees me and I just stand across the aisle and watch her for a few minutes. She's wearing a tight brown skirt that stops mid-calf, with a slit up the side that teasingly displays some of her shapely brown thigh. A light green blouse is stretched across her ample breasts, unbuttoned to reveal an arousing amount of chocolate brown cleavage. God she's hot! Carolyn waits on several customers before she looks up and finally sees me. A huge smile is followed by a disappointed frown as I walk over and say hi.

"Well, hello stranger." Carolyn smiles. "I've been waiting for your call."

"Yeah." I smile. "I'm sorry about that. I don't actually live in the area, I just visit frequently." I tell her. My cock stirs as I admire her cleavage and the roundness of her luscious brown tits. "Any chance we can get together?" I ask.

"Oh, God, I wish." She says, frowning. "I'm short handed today and the store is having its monthly sale. My husband is picking me up when I'm done, so we can't meet after work either. I wish I'd known." She says, sincerely sounding disappointed.

"Yeah, I should have called." I tell her, visibly disappointed. "You look really hot, by the way." I tell her, motioning to her outfit.

"Thanks. We get a lot of men at the jewelry counter, so... hey, it helps sales." She says laughing. "When are you going to be back in town?" She asks anxiously.

"I don't know, but next time I will definitely call you and give you some advance notice." I tell her, as she looks nervously around at the line of customers. "Well, I'll let you get back to work and I will see you soon." I say, walking away.

"You better!" She calls after me.

Fuck! Fighting with Nicole, and Carolyn can't get away. I'm just going to go back to uncle Harry's get my stuff and drive home. While I'm there, I put the DVDs that uncle Harry made of mom, Susan, Nicole and her mom in my overnight bag to take home with me.

The drive back is uneventful, I stop for lunch and I'm tempted to use the transmitter on the lovely blonde eating at the next table, but I decide against it. I noticed her immediately when she walked in, as I imagine every other guy in the place did. She's wearing form-fitting blue jeans and a bright red sweater that accentuates her classic hourglass figure. She must be close to six feet tall, with nicely rounded hips, a narrow waist and bountiful tits. Her sweater is stretched across her tits and I'm almost gawking, as she sits down facing me, in an adjacent booth. She smiles once and then lowers her eyes to read her menu. Like I said, I'm tempted but what would I do; take her out to the car and have her give me a blowjob? Nah, I pay my bill and leave. I'm hornier than ever, but surprisingly pleased with myself for resisting the impulse to use the transmitter.

All the way home I keep thinking about Nicole and how close I came to losing the transmitter. I can't believe she did that. I know I'll have to deal with her, but right now I just want to relax and forget about Nicole for a while. By the time I get home, I'm wondering when Susan is coming home again. I pull in the driveway, get my overnight bag from the car and let myself in the front door. I don't see mom, but it's not unusual for her to be gone on a Saturday afternoon.

Heading down the hallway to my room, I hear sound coming from mom's room at the end of the hall. As I get closer, it sounds like people moaning. Fuck! I wonder if mom has someone here. I quietly set my bag in my room and tiptoe down to her room. I hear two women moaning like their having sex. My mom with another woman, I don't think so. Finally it hits me; it's the fucking TV! Mom must be watching something pretty sexy in her bedroom. I let out a sigh of relief, although I don't know why it should bother me if mom was having sex, even with another woman.

Standing near her bedroom door, I peek in and see mom lying on her bed, naked. Holy shit! She has her knees pulled up, her legs spread wide apart and she's working a light blue vibrator in and out of her pussy. From where I'm standing I can only see the side of the TV, not the screen, but the moans and the grunts sound like a porn film of a man with two women. I move back a little until I can see my mom from the neck down but she can't see me. She obviously wasn't expecting me home today! I was already horny and my cock immediately responds to the sight of my mom masturbating with a vibrator.

I watch her pump the vibrator in and out of her pussy as she rubs and squeezes her tits with her other hand. I'm rubbing my hard cock through my shorts as I watch my sexy mother pinch her nipples and stretch them out from her dark areolas. I'm mesmerized by the vibrator sliding nearly all the way out and then back in, between her swollen, wet pussy lips. I quietly drop my shorts and start stroking my hard cock, as I watch my mom picking up speed with the vibrator. Letting go of her nipple, she slides her hand over her stomach, across her neatly trimmed brown patch and begins rubbing her clit. Oh God! This is so fucking amazing. I've never seen anything like it. My mom is thrusting her ass off the bed, while fucking herself with the vibrator and frantically rubbing her clit.

I can now hear the sound of my mother moaning over the moaning coming from the TV. I'm pumping my cock furiously, matching my mother's rhythm, stroke for stroke, as she pistons the vibrator in and out of her shiny, pussy. I'm getting close to cumming, when I see mom slide the vibrator all the way out of her pussy and hold it against her clit. Arching her back, with her ass more than a foot off the bed, she just holds it there for a minute before she jerks wildly, and struggles to keep the vibrator against her clit. I grab my jockey shorts from the floor where I dropped them, wrap them around my cock and shoot a huge load of cum, as I watch my mom climax.

Pulling the vibrator away from her clit, she relaxes her legs, and her whole body drops back on the bed, her chest heaving. I watch her hard nipples rise and fall with her breathing and stare at her sopping wet pussy, leaking juice all over the bed. I remember how good it felt when I touched her tits and she jacked me off when we were at uncle Harry's. As she catches her breath, she reaches for the remote and turns off the TV. It is deathly quiet as I pick up my shorts and sneak back down the hall. Ditching my cum filled jockey shorts in my bedroom to deal with later, I slip my shorts back on, grab my bag and go to the front door.

I open and close the front door and yell, "Anybody home?"

"Hey, Nick! I'm back here. I'll be out in a second." Mom yells and I hear her bedroom door close. Goddamn! I'm thinking seriously about giving mom her Post Transmission Suggestion back. That was extremely hot and I already want to see more.

I drop my overnight bag in my room and go into the kitchen for a coke. I'm standing by the kitchen counter, drinking it when mom comes in, giving me a kiss on the cheek.

"You're back early." She says, her face still flush from her orgasm. She's wearing a tank top, without a bra and a pair of shorts that fit the curves of her ass perfectly. Her nipples are still erect and I'm trying not to stare at them as I answer her.

"Yeah. Nicole and I had a little falling out, so I decided to come home." I tell her, taking another drink from my coke. Mom opens the fridge and bends over to get herself a coke. My cock jumps at the sight of her shorts stretched across her firm, round ass cheeks. I reflect on how good it felt to squeeze those cheeks.

"Nothing serious, I hope." Mom says, turning around and smiling at me. I return her smile, but I'm staring at her hard nipples poking out the thin material of her tank top. I need to get the transmitter.

"No. I don't think so. I'm going to call her later." I say. "I just thought it would be better to come home." I start down the hall. "I'm going to unpack my stuff." I yell from halfway down the hall.

I go to my room get the transmitter, fit the ear buds in my ears and start turning the thumb wheel as I walk back into the kitchen. Finding mom's frequency, I push the button.

"Mom." I say, entering the kitchen.

"Yes." She says in her monotone voice.

"Do you remember how intimate we were at uncle Harry's, how completely comfortable we were with being naked around each other, showering and sleeping together?" I ask her.

"Yes I remember that." Mom says without inflection.

"Well, that's how we're going to be around here, too. When it's just the two of us, we'll be very affectionate towards each other, touching and hugging and feel no modesty whatsoever around each other." I'm trying to decide if I want to add anything else, when I remember the porn video. "Mom, what video were you watching a few minutes ago?"

"Oh, I don't know the name, something like Slutty Sorority Sisters." She says, very flustered that she can't answer my question.

"That's alright." I tell her. "What was it about?" I ask.

"These two girls who seduce this man into having sex with both of them at the same time." Mom answers.

"Do you often masturbate while watching videos?" I ask.

"Whenever I can. Sometimes I have to watch them late at night with the sound off, so you don't hear it from your room." Wow! Who knew my mom masturbated to porn videos?

"Is there a particular scene that you like in this movie?" I ask, really curious about my mom's sexual tastes.

"Yes. I really like the scene where one girl is riding the man's cock and the other girl is sitting on his tongue. They are facing each other, kissing and rubbing their tits together. It's very erotic."

"Mom, have you ever kissed another woman, sexually." I slowly ask. This is getting interesting.

"Not since college. A couple of us girls experimented with kissing and things, a few times." She says, flatly.



"Things? What kind of things, mom?" I ask, my cock springing to life at the thought of my mom with another woman.

"Sex." She answers matter-of-factly. "We rubbed our tits together and ate each other to orgasm a few times." I think about Susan and Sherrie and realize that mom must have been doing the same thing when she was in college. Thinking about Susan, I decide to give mom another Post Transmission Suggestion.

"Mom, you won't worry about the relationship between Susan and I. You will accept that Susan and I are as comfortable around each other as you and I are." I push the button as I'm leaving the kitchen to go back to my room. Fuck! The things you never think about your mom!

As I finish unpacking my bag, mom comes in my room and gives me a big hug, pressing her nipples against my chest.

"I'm sorry you and Nicole had a fight." She says. "But I'm glad you're home. I missed you." She says.

"I missed you too." I tell her as I rub my hands up and down her back, pulling her even tighter against me. As my cock hardens between us, I decide to test out my new suggestions. "It was a long drive and I'm going to take a shower before we have dinner."

"Good idea." Mom says. "Would you like me to wash your back?" She asks, tilting her head back from our embrace and smiling up at me.

"I sure would!" I tell her, excitedly. It's working!

"Come on." She says, heading for the door. "I'll get the shower ready for you." She walks into her bedroom, pulling her tank top over her head. I'm not wearing any underwear and my cock is tenting the front of my shorts, as I follow the swivel of my mom's ass cheeks into her bedroom.

Stopping by her bed, she strips off her shorts and panties in one motion and walks naked into the master bathroom. I leave my clothes by her bedroom door and my stiff cock leads the way into the bathroom to join her. She's leaning in adjusting the temperature of the water and I run my hand over her sexy ass.

"I think it's ready." She says, sliding the shower door open and turning to look at me. Glancing down at my hard cock, she smiles and says. "Yes, I'm sure it's ready." Stepping into the shower, with her back to the spray, she says, "These girls just keep leaving you in this condition, don't they?" I don't argue with her this time. It doesn't matter that I'm hard because of her sexy body and not Nicole's.

Facing each other in the shower, mom is already stroking my cock and cupping my balls, before she even reaches for the soap.

"Is this what the fight was about, Nick?" Mom asks as she expertly massages my cock and balls. "Were you pushing Nicole for something she wasn't ready for?" She asks, looking directly in my eyes.

"No, Absolutely not, mom! Nicole and I are doing fine in that area." I tell her, but she looks down at my hard cock with her eyebrows raised. "Really, mom! The fight was totally about something else, but it did affect us not getting around to this." I tell her honestly.

"Okay." She says, smiling. "Because you promised to always be respectful and not push girls into anything before they're ready, right?" She says.

"Right, I'm keeping my promise!" I tell her as I hump my hard cock against her hand.

"Okay, then let's take care of this for you." Mom says. Pushing me back out of the spray of water, she drops to her knees and starts licking the beads of water off my cock. Oh fuck! I didn't expect this. I just gave her the same suggestion I gave her at uncle Harry's house, didn't I? I can't believe it when she wraps her warm lips around the head of my cock and slowly slides them up and down my rigid shaft.

"Oh mom!" I pant. "That's amazing." She's pumping my hard cock in and out of her mouth, while her tongue dances all around it. Caressing my balls with her other hand, her head glides back and forth, faster and faster, creating an intoxicating rhythm that I thrust my hips in time with. Letting go with her hand, she slides her lips all the way to the base of my cock, burying the head in her tight throat. With my hands on her head, I start really fucking her mouth as I get close to my release. She feels the change in my balls and pulls her lips back along my shaft to take my cum in her mouth, rather than her throat. Jerking wildly, with my hand against the tile wall for balance, I shoot multiple loads of cum into my mom's warm mouth. Sucking and swallowing, while she gently massages my balls, mom milks every drop of cum from my cock before releasing it from her mouth.

Standing up, wiping the cum from her lips, mom says, "That was some built up frustration! I haven't had that much cum in my mouth for a long time." Smiling she adds, "You better get serious about making up with Nicole if that's what she does to you."

We stay in the shower, washing each other while I try and figure out how this happened. As I'm rubbing soap all over my mom's tits, it hits me. I told her to be intimate like we were at uncle Harry's. I forgot about the blowjob I had her give me at uncle Harry's. It was right after I saw the video of her and uncle Harry and it was suppose to be a one-time thing. I told her not to remember it, but that must not apply when she's under the transmitter's power. Okay, it was unintentional, but...

"Hey! You're going to rub them off!" Mom says, moving my hands from her tits.

"Sorry, I was just distracted a little." I say sheepishly.

"I know." Mom says. "You can't wait to get away from your old mother so you can call and make up with Nicole, right?" She's soaping my ass cheeks and slithering her soapy tits against my chest. I could care less about talking to Nicole right now.

"I'm sorry." I say, as I squeeze her ass cheeks with my soapy hands and rub up and down against her body. "We can at least finish our shower first."

"We're done." She says, laughing. "You got what you needed, now go call your girl friend." She says, giving me a playful slap on the ass.

We towel each other off and I take my time drying mom's body, admiring her firm tits and ass and how flat her stomach is after two kids. When I kneel down to dry her legs, my face is level with her delectable pussy. I rub the towel against her trimmed patch of hair and she spreads her legs so I can dry between them. I breathe in her scent and wonder how she would react if I licked my tongue along her protruding pussy lips...

"Oh for Christ's sake!" Mom says, laughing and taking the towel from me, drying her pussy. "We don't have all day. I have to make dinner."

As I stand up, my hard cock bumps against my mom's leg and she let's out a sigh. "You'd better make up with Nicole quickly, honey, if just the idea of calling her gets you like that." She says laughing. I wonder what it is about the transmitter that makes mom so clueless about the affect she has on me.

I call Nicole and tell her I watched the video. I apologize for getting so mad and tell her I understand more about how she feels. She seems pleased with herself for making me see the light and we agree that I'll come see her next weekend. This gives me a week to figure out some Post Transmission Suggestions that will make Nicole see the light! On an impulse, I also call Carolyn she agrees to meet me at uncle Harry's after work on Saturday afternoon. I give her the address and even tell her my name, joking that I hope it doesn't ruin her fantasy.

When mom calls me for dinner she's wearing a long T-shirt with nothing under it. It barely covers her ass and when she reaches up to put her arms around my neck, to give me a hug, it pulls up over her ass cheeks. I squeeze her ass, give her a kiss on the cheek and enjoy the feeling of her barely covered tits pressing against my chest. I can't help but wonder why I never noticed how attractive my mom was before. I guess we just don't normally think of our mom that way.

"How did it go with Nicole?" She asks, breaking the embrace and taking a seat at the table. I pour some milk and sit down across from her.

"Everything's fine." I tell her. "I'm going to go down there next weekend." I say smiling at her.

"Good." She says, smiling back. Then, laughing she adds, "Think you can last that long?"

"Yeah, with your help, I can." I say candidly.

"We'll see." She laughs.

After dinner, mom and I watch a movie. It's a comedy and we laugh a lot. Mom's tits bounce up and down against the thin material of her t-shirt when she laughs and I again struggle with my desire for her. It's one thing to be naked, squeezing her tits and ass. Well, the blowjob took it to the next level, but I didn't really mean for that to happen again. As comfortable as mom is making me cum, she doesn't seem to be interested in me sexually. For now, I decide to leave her Post Transmission Suggestion as it is. I'll enjoy the look and feel of her body, the occasional blowjob and see what else happens.

When the movie ends, mom says she's going to bed and I get up and go with her. In her bedroom, she pulls the t-shirt over her head and smiles at me as she goes into the bathroom. I take off my clothes and slip under the covers, assuming we're going to share a bed like we did at uncle Harry's. When she comes to bed, she kisses me on the cheek and rolls over on her side. I spoon my body against hers, my hard cock pressing against the crack of her ass, my arm over her side and my hand cupping her tit. I expect we'll sleep like this, but mom surprises me by reaching back and wrapping her hand around my cock.

"Jesus, Nick, you're rock hard again." Mom says, turning over on her back, my cock in her hand. "I'd forgotten just how virile young men can be. How many times a day does this happen?" She asks.

"I don't know." I answer, enjoying the feel of her hand on my cock. "A lot." I say.

"Well." She says, rolling me onto my back. "Just don't expect this every time." She's leaning up on her side, stroking her hand up and down my cock. Mom lays her head on my chest while she jacks me off. This is so amazing. I hump my cock against her hand, wondering if I'll ever have to masturbate again.

Mom tilts her head back and answers that question with her next statement. "You're either going to have to masturbate or find a girl friend who lives closer. I'm not going to do this six times a day." She laughs. "I just don't want to clean up a mess." She says, leaning up and pressing her tits against my side as she lowers her mouth over my cock. She sucks on the head of my cock while she continues jacking me off with her hand.

It doesn't take long and I'm jerking my ass up off the bed, trying to push more of my cock into my mom's mouth. She's obviously just using it as a receptacle for the machinations with her hand and has no intention of sliding her lips further down my cock. It still feels incredible! Bucking wildly, I finally shoot streams of cum into mom's mouth and she sucks it all down, swallowing quickly so it doesn't spill out. I collapse back on the bed and she lets my cock slip from her lips.

"Now, go to sleep." Mom says, kissing me on the cheek and rolling over. Holy fuck! I cuddle up against my mom's back and dream of eating her pussy.

I wake up as mom's getting out of the shower. The bathroom door is open and I turn on my side to watch her dry off. I love the way her tits hang down and how they sway back and forth when she dries her legs. Hanging up the towel, she reaches for the hair dryer and starts drying her hair. My cock gets hard as I assess her naked body. Looking at her from the side like this, the nice curve of her ass catches my eye first, then her long, tan, shapely legs. Her firm, medium size tits hang beautifully from her chest, half tan and half creamy white. The way she's standing, I can barely see the fuzz of her neatly trimmed bush, but her flat stomach is testimony to her daily workouts at the gym. I'm really beginning to think about what it would be like to have sex with my mom. From the video uncle Harry made, she would be...

"Good morning." Mom interrupts my fantasy. "What are you thinking about, all dreamy-eyed?"

"Good morning." I answer. "Just admiring the view." I tell her. "Do you realize how sexy you look, standing there drying your hair."

"Yeah, right!" Mom says, sarcastically. "Do you realize that any naked woman looks sexy to a teenage boy?"

"No, it's not just that." I answer, smiling at her. "You've had two kids and look at your body, mom. Your ass is still firm, your tits look great and you've still got a flat stomach. Surely you can see how good you look."

"Well thank you." She says, smiling back. "I really do work hard at the gym, it's nice to get a compliment." I'm lying on my back and I don't realize that my cock is making a big tent in the blanket until I see mom glance at it.

"I didn't know you'd be home and I made plans to go shopping with Mary." She says. Nodding at the tent in the blanket, she adds, "So, you'll just have to handle things for yourself today."

"Okay." I say. "Maybe I'll rent some porn videos and just stay in bed all day." I tell her, laughing.

She turns towards me with a look on her face like she's trying to decide about something. I take the moment to admire the front view of her enticing body, my eyes shifting between her neatly trimmed mound above her protruding pussy lips and her luscious nipple tipped breasts. My cock stiffens under the blanket. Mom apparently makes up her mind.

"I've got a few videos that might help." Mom says slowly. "I guess if you're old enough to rent them, you're old enough to watch ones I already have. They're on my closet shelf in a shoe box, help yourself." She says, smiling. "I can't believe I'm sharing porn videos with my teenage son." She chuckles, shaking her head.

The sight of her putting her makeup on and getting dressed does nothing to relieve the tension in my cock and as soon as she leaves I retrieve the shoebox from the closet shelf. Inside I find, not only some DVDs, but also mom's vibrator and a large dildo. Damn, I wonder if mom meant for me to see these. There are three DVDs in the box; Sorority Sex Kittens, 5 Rooms and Taboo. Just from the covers, the first two look hot. My cock is still hard from watching my mom, so I only see about 15 minutes of the first DVD before I shoot my load. I scan through the rest of that DVD as well as the second one, trying to figure out what mom likes. The first two have a lot of threesomes, lesbian sex and some group sex scenes. It's the third movie that really blows my mind. I almost don't watch Taboo because it's an old movie, made before I was born and it looks really dated. But when I read on the jacket that it's about incest between a mother and her son after her husband leaves her for a younger woman, I watch it all the way through. I can't help but wonder what mom thinks about when she's watching it.

I make a sandwich, take it into my room and boot up my computer. I watch the video of mom and uncle Harry again, making notes of the specific Post Transmission Suggestion that uncle Harry gives mom, particularly the part where he tells her to eagerly engage in uninhibited sex with him. I get myself off again as I watch uncle Harry eat mom's pussy and watch her jerking wildly during her explosive orgasm. I'm still not sure how I feel about fucking my mother, but I know I want to taste her pussy. I wonder if I can do it without another Post Transmission Suggestion.

I'm in my room, making notes about the Suggestions I'm planning for Nicole next weekend, when I hear mom come home. I meet her in the hallway and help her with the shopping bags she's carrying.

"Just take them into my room, it's all clothes." She says.

"What did you buy?" I ask.

"Oh, a couple of new skirts, some blouses and a few other things." She says, following me into her room. I set the bags on the bed and start looking through them.

"Try them on, mom." I say. "I want to see what you bought." I pull out the skirts and lay them on the bed. Reaching back into the bag, I bring out a package of thong panties. It has three pair in different colors.

"Mary thinks I need sexy underwear to feel better about myself." She says, taking the thongs from me. "She says it's time I started thinking about men and dating and... oh, whatever."

"Come on, mom." I say, sitting on the bed and leaning against the headboard. "Do a fashion show for me. Show me what you got?" I know what she's got and I want to see it. I don't really care about the skirts and blouses. I pull the other bag toward me and take the blouses out, then several sexy bras that match the colors of the thongs. Holding them up, I say, "Let's see it all, new underwear and everything."

"Oh, alright." She says, smiling. I think she's actually pleased that someone is interested in her purchases. She pulls her blouse over her head, unfastens her bra and lets it slide off her arms, then starts undoing her jeans. My cock reacts immediately to the sight of my mom's tits and I can hardly wait for her to take her jeans off. She kicks off her shoes and bends over, pulling her jeans and panties down together. I still can't believe my mother is standing here naked, like it's the most natural thing in the world.

I watch her remove the tags from a light green bra and slip her arms in it. It fastens in the front and I enjoy watching her reach inside the cups to adjust her tits behind the material. The cup is completely transparent and her nipples are visible through the sheer material. Removing the green thong from the package, she pulls it on and wiggles the thin strip of material between her ass cheeks.

"What do you think?" Mom asks, doing a little spin.

I whistle and say, "Very sexy, mom. You look so hot!" My cock is pushing against the zipper of my jeans as I admire my mom's sexy underwear and her bare ass cheeks.

"Do I need a bikini wax to wear this thong?" She asks, walking closer to the bed. "Not that anyone is going to see it anyway, I'd just rather not have hair sticking out around my panties." She laughs. I lean closer and put my face inches from my mom's barely covered pussy. I breathe in her scent without being obvious. God, I want to taste her sweet pussy juice!

"Spread your legs a little." I tell her. "I can't see very well." Mom lifts one foot up on the bed so I have a perfect view of her thong covered pussy. Mom's bush is trimmed, but the thong's triangle of material is so thin that a few stray hairs are visible around it. "Yeah, you probably need to wax just a little bit more, but not much." I take a chance and run my finger inside the thong, tucking the hairs inside. "You can make it so no hair shows, but I don't think you want to do that every time you wear them." I tell her, smoothing the material over her pussy mound, in effect, running my fingers up and down her pussy.

"My, aren't we the little lingerie expert." Mom laughs. "Okay, hand me that skirt." She tries on the various skirt and blouse combinations as I just sit back and enjoy the show, telling her how great everything looks. When she's finished trying everything on, she leaves on just the underwear and starts hanging up her new clothes.

"Mom." I say, shifting my hard cock so it's not so noticeable. "You know when you help me relieve my sexual tension?" "Yes." She says hesitantly, stopping what she's doing and looking at me.

"Well, do you ever get aroused while you're doing it?" I ask, and then quickly add. "I mean, I've been with a few girls and when they're done going down on me, they're so wet that they're anxious for me to do the same for them."

"No, honey, it doesn't make me wet or aroused." She says, sitting on the bed next to me. "It's not like we're having sex, Nick. I'm just helping you relieve your frustration, that's all."

"Okay. But based on the toys and the videos in your shoebox, you must relieve your frustration sometimes, too, right?" I ask.

"Yes." She says hesitantly. "That's right, since your father left, I've been taking care of myself." She says, "That's why Mary is so concerned that I start dating again, but I'm not sure I'm ready for all that." She laughs. 


"I really appreciate what you've been doing to help me, mom. I was just thinking that when you need to relieve your frustration that I could help you, too. It's only fair after all you've been doing for me." My cock is throbbing as I stare at her nipples through the sheer bra and wait for her reaction.

"Oh Nick, honey, you can't do that to me. I'm your mother." She says, clearly taken aback by my suggestion.

"But I'm your son and you're doing it to me. How is it different?" I ask, trying to sway her opinion. She seems genuinely confused for a minute and I realize she doesn't know how it's different.

"It just is." She says forcefully. I decide not to push it. The Suggestion I gave her apparently makes it okay for her to jack and suck me off, but not for me to do anything to her. Interesting. I'll have to think about what I can do about that.

"Okay, mom. I see." I tell her. She goes back to hanging up the clothes and I stare at her firm round ass cheeks and the thin strip of green material that disappears between them as she moves around in the closet.

After dinner we play some backgammon, I finish up some homework and then tell mom I'm going to take a shower. Mom offers to wash my back, I accept and we soap each other thoroughly. As I'm rubbing my soapy body against hers, my hard cock pushes against her mound and her tits slither across my chest. Squeezing her ass cheeks and pulling her tighter against me, I'm trying to figure out how my Suggestion allows this, but nothing else. Mom again jacks me off in the shower and I pump my hard cock into her soapy hand, as she tantalizes my balls with her other hand. With her tits pushing against my chest and my hands massaging her ass, I shoot a huge load of cum onto the tile floor.

The release feels good, but I want more; I want to suck on her nipples and tongue fuck her pussy. I know I can use the transmitter to make her do it, but I've started to realize that it's a lot more satisfying as a Post Transmission Suggestion and I want to make sure I word it just right. I think about it as I snuggle up to mom's naked body and fall asleep.

Over the next couple of days, I do a lot of Internet research on hypnotic suggestions. I figure it's the closest thing I'm going to find to the Neuro Submission Transmitter, and the information I find is interesting. I study the three types of hypnotic suggestions. The first is having the subject do something while they are under, like the blowjobs I got from Alison at Victoria Secret and from mom at uncle Harry's. Then there's the post hypnotic suggestion that makes the subject do something when you bring them out of the trance, like mom being more intimate with me, and Susan masturbating in front of me. Finally, there are triggers that you can use to put someone back in the trance later; I'm not sure if that works with the transmitter, but I plan to experiment with Nicole.

On Wednesday, my English teacher asks to see me after class. I'm standing around, waiting until everyone is gone before she invites me to sit in the chair next to her desk.

"Nick, I've been impressed with the writing assignments you've done this year." Miss Edwards says, looking at a folder on her desk. Staring at her beautiful face I realize that I haven't given Miss Edwards much thought since I got the transmitter. I've been preoccupied with Nicole, mom and Susan. Before the transmitter, Miss Edwards was the star of most of my jack-off fantasies. Now I'm mesmerized, watching her brush her black hair out of her eyes as she talks. Every time she lifts her hand to her face, it jiggles her large round tits inside her tight maroon sweater. My cock is responding accordingly.

"I've been asked to recommend one student for the state writing competition and I think you'd be a good candidate." She continues, but I'm barely listening. I'm staring at her tongue moistening her crimson lips as she's talking, fantasizing about how that tongue would feel against my cock. "So, what do you think?" She doesn't want to know I think.

"What would I have to do exactly?" I ask, starring into her dark brown eyes.

"Well, the fiction competition has a specific topic." She says, getting up and walking over to a filing cabinet. Miss Edwards is about 5' 5" tall and very well proportioned, with a thin waist, flat stomach and a tight, curvy ass. Her ass gets as much attention as her tits when the guys are discussing what they'd like to do with her. "The subject this year is ethics and morals. You'd have to write a short story with a main character who is struggling with a moral dilemma." She says, handing me the entry form and rules. I guess I know the subject pretty well, but I'm not sure I could submit a story about my current moral dilemmas.

"Would you be able to help me with it?" I ask, hoping that we'd have to meet regularly.

"You have to write it yourself, without help." She says, "But I can help you decide on a topic and an outline for the story, if you'd like." I'd like very much!

"Okay, when does it have to be done by?" I ask, tearing my eyes away from her stunning body to look at the entry form.

"You have a little over a month to complete the story." She says, pointing to the date on the form. "But you have to sign up by next week. Do you want to think about it?" She asks.

"Yes please." I tell her. "Can we meet again in a couple of days?" I ask, that gives me time to think about my own morale dilemma.

"Sure, why don't we meet after school on Friday?" She says smiling. "I think you'll do very well, Nick." She says. As I stand up, the bulge in my pants is obvious and she pretends not to notice. "See you tomorrow, Nick." She says as I walk to the door.

Taking out the transmitter, I get the ear buds in as I get to the door. Tuning in her frequency, I push the button.

"Miss Edwards." I say, walking back over to her desk.

"Yes." She says, in the familiar monotone voice. I sit back down in the chair, staring at her tits that I've jacked off to a hundred times, imagining how they look naked. I just have to see them.

"Do you realize the sexual affect you have on the guys in your class?" I ask her.

"Yes. I watch them stare at my body and adjust their hard-ons." She says matter-of-factly.

"How do you feel about it?" I ask her.

"I have mixed feelings. While I don't do anything to encourage it, I find it rather flattering and somewhat of a turn on to know that I'm part of these teenage boy's fantasies." She answers. She's right; she doesn't do anything to encourage us. She doesn't dress provocatively or show any cleavage. She's just so damn attractive.

"How old are you, Miss Edwards?" I ask her.

"Twenty-eight." She answers. I can't wait any longer to see her tits.

"Miss Edwards, please lock the classroom doors." She walks over and locks both doors; her ass sways provocatively in her tight skirt. I lead her over to a corner of the room that is out of view of the windows in the doors.

"Please take off your sweater and your bra." I tell her, my cock jumping in my pants. She lifts her sweater over her head revealing a flat stomach below a black lace bra, which can barely contain her abundant breasts. She reaches behind her, unfastens the bra and lets it fall forward from her tits. Fuck! They're even better than I imagined! Large, smooth, fleshy mounds sitting firmly against her chest with inch and a half areolas perched right in the center. Her nipples are thick even in their non-aroused state.

"Make your nipples hard, Miss Edwards." I tell her and watch the two buds immediately come to life, pointing straight out over half an inch. "Miss Edwards, do you have a boyfriend?" I ask her while I fondle her incredible tits.

"Yes." She answers, not responding at all to my touch, but I don't care.

"Tell me about the best sex you've ever had with your boyfriend?" I ask her. She actually thinks for a few minutes before she answers.

"Well, it would be either the time he tied me to the bed and teased me forever before he took me or the time he spanked my ass while playing with my clit. Both times I came really hard." Shit, who would think that my English teacher would have kinky sex?

"So you like being tied up and spanked?" I ask, hardly believing what I'm hearing.

"Oh yeah! I think it's because I have to be in charge all day long in the classroom, that when I want to relax, I just love being dominated. We role-play a lot." She says as I'm licking her thick nipples. I'm getting nervous that we've been locked in the classroom this long, but I've got to ask a couple more questions.

"What's your favorite role-play, Miss Edwards?" I'm cupping her tits now, lifting and massaging them.

"I like it when he pretends he's one of my students who follows me home, ties me up and calls me Miss Edwards while he's fucking me. That gets me so hot, I cum like crazy." She tells me.

"Do you ever think seriously about fucking one of your students?" I ask, hopefully.

"Oh no! I wouldn't do that, it's wrong, morally, ethically and legally. But it's fun to play games sometimes, with someone you trust." She says.

"Miss Edwards, you can get dressed now." I tell her and she starts putting her bra back on. "You won't remember that I came back in your classroom, you'll just be surprised how the time has flown by." As she's pulling her sweater over her head, I add, "From now on when we're alone, you will become very aroused whenever I'm within three feet of you. Your nipples will harden, your pussy will get soaking wet and you'll have an overwhelming urge for release." I unlock the doors and push the button on the transmitter as I leave. I can't wait for Friday. God, those tits! I really need to see her pussy and her ass.

My cock is still rock hard when I get home. I think about masturbating, but realize mom will be home in a few minutes. I kept thinking about how to notch up my experience with mom as I researched the hypnotic suggestions. I've decided to take baby steps with her and create arousal rather than just tell her to let me eat her pussy. I'm in my bedroom when she gets home.

"How was your day?" She asks, coming into my room and giving me a full body embrace.

"Great!" I tell her, "Miss Edwards wants me to enter a state writing competition. She likes the way I write." That's not all she'll like about me by the time I'm done.

"Congratulations!" Mom says, hugging me again. "I'm not surprised, as smart as you are." Mom leaves, walking into her bedroom to change clothes. I follow her and lie on her bed, watching her change.

"I see you're wearing your new underwear." I say, admiring her sheer bra with matching thong.

"Well, It would be a waste of money, if I didn't wear them." She says. "Besides, the thong does feel sexy." She says smiling at me. My cock, aroused from my session with Miss Edwards is back to its full state of erection. As mom's getting a t-shirt and jeans from her dresser, I put the ear buds in and tune in her frequency.

"Mom." I say, pushing the button.

"Yes." She answers, turning around. I've been preparing this suggestion for a couple of days.

"From now on, whenever you are sexually aroused it will feel perfectly natural for me to help you relieve your sexual tension. You will also feel normal arousal whenever we're intimately touching, or you're helping relieve my sexual tension." That's all I'm going to say for now and see where that takes us. I push the button and remove the ear buds. Mom continues getting dressed in her jeans and t-shirt.

"There doesn't seem to be anything good on tonight." Mom says, flipping channels. We've just finished dinner and I'm anxious to try out the new suggestion.

"How about if we watch one of the movies from your shoebox?" I ask her, hoping she'll agree and get aroused. She's looking at me, like she's trying to decide.

"Really?" She asks. "You want to watch those with your mother?"

"Sure." I say casually. "There's nothing else on and I didn't get a chance to watch them all the other day."

"Well, you're not suppose to watch them as a marathon." She laughs. "They're for... um, stimulating your libido." She says. "Fine, if that's what you want to watch, pick whichever one you want." She says.

I get Taboo, the one about the mother and son incest, and put it in the DVD player. As we watch the sexual tension build between the mother and son in the video, we're matching the sexual tension in our living room. Just sitting next to my mom on the couch, watching a porn video has made my cock rock solid. I watch mom's nipples pushing against the sheer fabric of her bra, making bumps on her t-shirt.

"Why do you like this video, mom?" I ask her, as I adjust my bulge inside my pants.

"I don't know." Mom says, clearing her throat and calming her breathing. "I think because it's not just wham, bam. There is a story and a slow build until they finally can't help themselves." She says, looking at the bulge in my pants, she adds, "You seem to be enjoying it, too."

"Yeah." I answer. "I think I need to undo my pants a little." I say, as I unsnap my jeans and pull my zipper down. My cock pushes my jockey shorts through the opening in my pants, creating a little white tent in my lap.

"My, you are enjoying it, aren't you?" Mom says, reaching under the elastic of my jockey shorts and wrapping her hand around my cock.

"Yes. But I don't seem to be the only one." I answer, running my fingers over the bumps in her t-shirt. "I bet you're as wet as I am hard. It just not as obvious on you." I say, continuing to tease her nipples. In the video, the mom is giving the son a blowjob. "Let's see." I say, unsnapping mom's jeans.

"Okay, smarty." She says, removing her hand from my pants and standing up to take her jeans off. She tosses them aside and looking at the bulge in my pants, pulls my jeans off, too. Before sitting back down, she pulls her t-shirt over her head and drops it on the floor. In just her bra and panties she sits back down and says, "Okay, You're right, I'm very wet." I take a chance on my suggestion working and slip my hand inside her thong. Her velvet patch of hair brushes against my palm, as I slide one finger between her wet pussy lips. I hold my breath for my mom's reaction. We're oblivious to the moans coming from the television.

"Mmmmm." She moans, spreading her legs wider while she reaches for my cock. "That feels nice." Mom breathes as I run my finger up and down her slit before slipping it inside her hot, wet pussy. I can't believe I'm touching my mom's pussy! The suggestion worked! She moans again as I start finger fucking her and she's jacking my cock up and down inside my jockey shorts. I want to suck her nipples, but she still has her bra on and I don't want either of us to stop what we're doing to remove it. What the fuck, I just lean over and suck her nipple into my mouth through the sheer material of the bra.

"Oh, Nick!" Mom says, humping her pussy against my finger and increasing the speed of her strokes on my cock. "We need to finish this in bed." She says, abruptly pulling her hand out of my shorts and removing my hand from her thong. "Come on." She says, pulling on my hand as she stands up. In the bedroom, she takes off her bra and thong while I shed my shirt and jockey shorts. We fall on the bed naked, picking up exactly where we left off in the living room.

"Put two fingers in me, Nick." Mom pants, as she continues stroking my cock up and down and I suck on her bare nipple. Her thick nipple feels so incredible between my lips as I push my face against her soft breast. I slide a second finger inside her gyrating pussy and start massaging her clit with my thumb.

"Oh God, Nick!" Mom is moving her ass off the bed, humping my hand and holding my head against her tit. She is bucking hard against my two fingers as I keep teasing her clit with my thumb. My cock is throbbing as her hand stops moving and she clamps her legs together, pushing down hard against my hand. Her quivering pussy gushes juices over my hand and I just hold my thumb against her clit. Mom's hand is still wrapped around my hard cock, but just holding it while she gasps for air.

I slowly slide my fingers from her pussy and move down to position myself between her legs. I sit there for a minute between her legs, savoring my first real look at her fully aroused pussy. Her puffy lips are glistening with her juices, begging me to take a taste. I watch the rise and fall of her tits as her breathing returns to normal and lean my face down to her pussy. With one long lick I glide my tongue from the bottom of her slit up along her pussy lips and over the top of her clit.

"Ohhhh?" Mom seems surprised. She starts to close her legs and push my head away with her hand. Before she can succeed, I push my head forward plunging my tongue inside her steamy, wet pussy.

"Oh my god!" Mom moans, as I keep lapping her tasty nectar from inside her burning snatch. She hesitates a minute and then slowly, relaxes her legs, allowing me to push them open and suck on her pussy lips. I gently suck one and then the other of her lips into my mouth, eliciting another moan from mom. The taste mixed with her aroma is driving me crazy and I feel like I'm getting high on my mom's pussy.

"Oh my god, Nick! It's been so long!" She moans, pushing her ass off the bed and driving my tongue deeper into her pussy. I slide my arms behind mom's knees and lift her legs to give me better access to her pussy. Slipping my tongue between her lips, I piston it in and out, licking all around, pushing against her inner walls. She is sloppy wet and I have pussy juice all over my mouth and my cheeks as I move my head from side to side to give her different sensations with my tongue. My suggestion for her to get aroused seems to have really worked!

"Ahhhh!" Mom sighs. I move my tongue up so I'm licking the top of her slit, just below her clit and slip two fingers inside her pussy. I slide my fingers in and out of her pussy as I lightly lick her clit.

Mom is moaning and moving her body around, humping my fingers and pushing her clit against my tongue. "Don't stop! It's building again! Just keep doing that! Exactly that! Don't Stop!" I have no intention of stopping. I keep sucking her clit, flicking my tongue across it inside my mouth.

"Oh God, Nick! Ohhh!!! Yes! So good! So good!" She's bucking her ass wildly in the air. My tongue flicks across her clit, which I've sucked completely inside my mouth. I'm pushing my fingers in and out, twisting them back and forth, sloshing her hot juices all around inside her fiery pussy. She pulls hard on the bedspread and her head and shoulders lift off the bed. Her eyes are closed, her mouth is open and she's moaning loudly as she pushes harder against my mouth and my fingers. My face and hand are completely soaked with her juices as she grinds against my mouth and clamps her legs around my fingers, jerking wildly. Her juices run down my arm and soak the bedspread beneath her ass. She collapses back on the bed, her pussy pulsating around my fingers, as I let her clit slip from my mouth.

My cock is rock hard and for a minute I toy with the idea of slipping it into her steaming, wet pussy. As much as I want to, I'm not sure mom's ready for me to fuck her. Instead, I leave my fingers inside her hot pussy as I begin tracing kisses up her body. She's still catching her breath from her orgasm and I gently kiss her rising and falling nipples, which are sticking straight up from the center of her dark areolas. I continue planting kisses up her neck and onto her face. I've never kissed my mother on her lips, at least not like this. I hesitate, lightly pressing my lips against hers, and then licking across her lips with my tongue, to see how she reacts. She opens her mouth and sucks my pussy-soaked tongue inside and we kiss slowly and passionately, alternating pushing our tongues into each other's mouth. 

"I suppose it's your turn." Mom says, breaking the kiss and pushing me over. My fingers slip from her pussy as I roll onto my back, my rigid cock sticking straight up. Mom throws her leg over and straddles me with her sopping pussy lips cradling my cock. She's rocking back and forth, sliding her slick lips along my rigid shaft, coating my cock with her juices. Our eyes meet in a look of pure lust and I push my cock against my mom's pussy, trying to position the head against her opening.

Wow! I guess I was wrong about her readiness. I'm going to fuck my mom! Then, instead of sliding her pussy down over my cock, she glides her slippery pussy lips down my shaft and over my balls. Moving down my body, she drags her tits across my stomach, over my hard, throbbing cock and down my thighs. Her breath against my cock gives me shivers and the first touch of her tongue pushes a moan from my lips.

"Oh mom!" I cry, as she lightly flicks her tongue against my shaft. I'm humping against her tongue, as she teases me mercilessly with slow, gentle licks up the length of my cock. Finally, wrapping her hand around the base of my cock she feeds it into her mouth, sucking on my engorged cock head.

"Oh my god!" I yell as I try to push more of my cock into her warm wet mouth. She relents and lets a little more slip inside, while flicking her tongue along the underside of my shaft. Pumping me in and out of her mouth with one hand, she starts caressing my balls with her other hand. I'm bouncing my ass off the bed trying to fuck deeper inside my mom's mouth, while I feel my climax building in my balls. Mom starts pumping faster, bobbing her head up and down and teasing my balls with her fingertips.

"I'm cumming!" I yell as my cock erupts, spewing my heavy load inside her mouth. Mom sucks and slurps my cum, swallowing every drop before letting my cock drop from her lips and taking a deep breath. Lifting my spent cock, she gently sucks the remaining cum from my cock head before moving her body up next to mine. Resting her head on my shoulder, I wrap my arm around her back and we drift off into a blissful sleep.

Mom works late on Thursday night and I try to write an outline for the writing contest to show Miss Edwards on Friday. I keep getting distracted by everything that's happening. Images keep flashing through my brain as I try to work; Miss Edwards role playing and getting spanked by her boyfriend, me finally fucking my mom, another threesome with Carolyn and Nicole. Maybe I am letting this transmitter thing get out of control.

When we go to bed, I cuddle up to my mom's back with my hard cock pressing against her ass, and she just laughs.

"Not tonight, stud." Mom says, patting my thigh. "Save it for your girlfriend this weekend." She adds. "I'm still recovering from last night." I laugh and kiss her neck, wrapping my arm around her, cupping her tit in my hand. I fall asleep and dream of spanking Miss Edwards curvy ass while she's tied to the bed.

After school on Friday, I show Miss Edwards my outline. When I get close to her desk, I see her nipples push against her blouse and her face get flushed. I guess my suggestion for her to get aroused is working.

"I don't have much time today, Nick. "She says fidgeting in her chair. "My boyfriend is picking me up in a few minutes." She's reading my outline and squeezing her knees together. Her boyfriend is coming here? I put the ear buds in as she reads, tune in her frequency and hit the button.

"Miss Edwards, is your boyfriend meeting you here in the classroom?" I ask her.

"Yes." She says blandly, "We're going to get some dinner and see a movie."

"Have you ever had sex in your classroom, Miss Edwards?" I ask, an idea formulating in my mind.

"No." She answers.

"Today, when your boyfriend comes in, lock the doors and put the black out paper over the windows. Tell him you need him right now and you want to role-play in your classroom. Tell him you want him to tie you up, spank you and fuck you. I'm going to be hiding in the tall cabinet where we hang our coats and you won't tell your boyfriend I'm here. You'll have an explosive orgasm knowing that I'm watching you get spanked and fucked. Okay?"

"Okay." She says.

"What time will he be here?" I ask.

"Any minute now." She answers.

"Okay, when I push the button, you'll hand me back my outline, telling me it's fine. Then you'll tell me to get in the closet because your boyfriend is coming." I hesitate, and then add, "You'll kiss me passionately before I get in the closet." I push the button on the transmitter, and put it away.

"This is fine, Nick." Miss Edwards says, handing me my outline. "Now you'd better get in the closet because Kevin will be here any minute." She stands up and walks me over to the closet opening the door. Just before I get in, she leans up and wraps her arms around my neck, pushing her lips against mine. Our tongues intermingle and I feel her hard nipples press against my chest, making my cock stiffen between us. I climb in the closet; kneeling with the door open about an inch and watch Miss Edwards walk back over to her desk. I can't wait to see if this is going to work.

"Hi babe." Kevin says as he walks into the classroom, smiling at Miss Edwards. "You ready to go."

"I'm ready." She breathes seductively, kissing him hard on the lips. "But not ready to go, yet." Breaking the kiss, she closes and locks the doors, securing the window coverings. "Kevin, I need you right now." She says walking back over to him unbuttoning her blouse. "I want you to tie me up, spank me and fuck me in my classroom." She says removing her blouse and unfastening her bra.

"Here? Now?" Kevin says staring at her. "Babe, are you sure? You could lose your job if we get caught." He's taking in her lustful look and glancing around the classroom.

"Yes." She says, pushing her bare tits against his chest and rubbing her hand over his emerging bulge in his pants. "I want you to role-play with me." She says. "I've been bad." She adds, demurely.

"Okay." He says, getting in character, he pushes her away from him. "What have you been doing?" He yells, pinching her nipple between his thumb and finger and twisting it hard. Damn, that has to hurt, I think, but my cock is getting hard watching him.

"I've been teasing a boy in my class." She says quietly, her nipples getting rock hard.

"Teasing? How have you been teasing him?" Kevin asks, still pulling and twisting her nipples. He releases the right nipple and slaps the side of her tit. "And don't lie to me!" He yells.

"Oww!" She cries. "I kissed him and pushed my nipples against his chest." She says, glancing at the closet, then casting her eyes down.

"You deserve punishment, don't you, slut?" Kevin yells.

"Oh yes!" Miss Edwards says quickly. "You need to punish me."

"Take off the rest of your clothes." He says as he mauls her tits, squeezing hard, leaving red blotches where his fingers press into her fleshy mounds. Miss Edwards unzips her skirt and slips it down revealing a black thong and thigh high nylons. He smacks her bare ass cheeks and tells her to hurry up. She sits on her desk to remove her nylons, staring at Kevin, her face flush with excitement. I can't believe what he's doing to her and how much it's turning her on. It's also turning me on and my hard cock is pushing against my jeans.

"I said, hurry up!" Kevin yells, taking the nylons from her. Grabbing a pair of scissors from the top of her desk, he cuts the thin black strips of material on either side of her thigh and roughly pulls her thong from between her legs. Holding it up to her face he yells, "This is soaking wet! What have you been doing, slut?" He flings the thong across the room and it hits the closet door I'm kneeling behind. As she's sitting on the desk he pushes her legs apart and jams two fingers up inside her pussy.

"Ohhhhh!" Miss Edwards moans, spreading her legs and leaning her head back.

"Aren't you the horny slut?" He says, removing his fingers and putting them under her nose. "What you need is a good spanking." He sits down on Miss Edwards' desk chair and pulls her across his lap. As he does this, I get a quick glimpse of Miss Edward's pussy and it appears she has just a thin strip of neatly trimmed hair on her pussy mound. Kevin has his back to me and I can see Miss Edwards' ass and legs on one side of him and her head on the other. I reach out of the closet and pick up her thong and as I'm closing the door, I see her smile at me and wink.

"This is what you deserve for teasing that boy!" Kevin says as he brings his hand down hard across Miss Edwards' ass.

Smack!

"Ow!" Miss Edwards squeals.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Ow! Ow! Ow!" Miss Edwards yells.

Kevin is really hitting her hard. I watch Miss Edwards' face and I can't tell if she's flushed with excitement or pain. I start to wonder if I've done the right thing with my suggestions when Kevin abruptly pulls her off his lap and stands up.

"You little slut! You're getting my pants all wet! Your cunt is dripping wet!" He yells as he rubs his hand between her legs. "You're enjoying this aren't you?"

"I can't help it!" She says, batting her eyes at him and thrusting out her chest. "I'm just a little slut!" She whimpers. Kevin turns her around and when I see her red ass cheeks, my cock begs for release from my pants. I don't understand why this turns me on so much, maybe because she likes it. I have her wet thong up to my face and I'm breathing in her aroma as I watch the role play unfold in the classroom.

Kevin ties her nylons around her wrists and leans Miss Edwards over her desk. Walking around the desk he pulls the nylons tight, tying them to the desk legs. Miss Edwards is now stretched across her metal desk; her tits smashed flat against her desk blotter and her shiny red ass cheeks sticking up in the air. My view is from the side of the desk and I can see the side of her flattened tit, her ass in the air and her face as she looks over at me. She smiles at me and gives her ass a little wiggle, knowing I'm watching.

Kevin stands behind her and begins spanking her again. Miss Edwards is on her tiptoes and she appears to be rubbing her pussy against the edge of the desk.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

"Ow! Ow!" Miss Edwards is rolling her hips and humping her pussy against the desk, while Kevin slaps her ass.

"You are shameless!" He roars, as she bucks her hips against the desk. "Alright, there's only one thing to do." Kevin says as he sheds his clothes and steps up behind her, his hard cock pointing at her burning ass. I've pulled my cock out, too and I'm stroking it furiously as Kevin slams his hard cock into Miss Edwards' pussy.

"Oh yes! Fuck me, Kevin! Fuck me hard!" Miss Edwards screams, pushing her tender ass back against him as he thrusts into her. He has his hands on her hips and he's pounding her like a jackhammer.

"Ohhhhh! Fuck yes!" Miss Edwards is moaning and pushing her ass back to meet his thrusts.

"You don't deserve this much pleasure!" Kevin says, pulling his cock out of her. "How about we change holes, slut? What do you think about that?" He says positioning his cock head against her puckered asshole. I can't believe he's going to fuck her in the ass!

"Oh yeah! Fuck my ass, Kevin!" She moans, spreading her legs as wide as possible. Kevin pushes his hard, pussy-soaked cock into her tight ass, burying it all the way to his balls.

"Oh my god!" Miss Edwards cries as Kevin pumps his cock in and out of her asshole. This pushes me over the edge and I cum in Miss Edwards' thong, panting and leaning against the back of the closet. Miss Edwards is rubbing her pussy against the edge of the desk while Kevin pistons her ass with his hard cock.

"I'm cumming!" Miss Edwards breathes, closing her eyes, opening her mouth and rolling her pussy against the plastic edge of the desk.

"Me too, babe!" Kevin responds, jerking wildly as he spews his cum inside Miss Edwards' ass. He leans against her back, catching his breath and then slowly removes his spent cock from her ass. He doesn't immediately untie her. Instead, he gets a tissue, wads it up and pushes it up in her ass, to keep her from dripping his cum on the floor.

"Any lotion, babe?" He asks Miss Edwards.

She nods. "In the bottom drawer of my desk." She says dreamily, still breathing hard and shivering all over. Kevin pumps some lotion into his hand and gently rubs in on her bright red ass cheeks.

"Mmmm. Thanks." She says. "I needed that."

"Obviously." He says. "Glad I happened by." He laughs. "You might have acted on your fantasies with one of your students." Kevin steps back from her ass, smiles and sits down at a desk in the front row. "If it wasn't Friday, I might be tempted to leave you like this. Wouldn't that be a treat for your horny boys in the front row?"

"Very funny." She says, smiling at me and winking again. Kevin unties her hands and when she stands up they embrace in a passionate kiss, rubbing their bodies together.

"Lets go home." Miss Edwards says. "I'm not done with you." She adds, wrapping her hand around his recovering cock. I want to suck you, but not until you've had a shower, you nasty boy."

"No dinner or movie?" Kevin says playfully.

"We can have each other for dinner and I have a digital video camera if you want movies." She says laughing.

I've got my cock back in my pants and I'm watching them get dressed. Miss Edwards has her bra on and is looking around for her thong, then smiles and just starts putting her skirt on without it. I can clearly see the stripe of black pubic hair over her mound and it looks like the rest of her pussy is bald! Miss Edwards not only has the hottest body, she is the sexiest, kinkiest fucking woman ever!

As they are leaving the classroom, I realize that I didn't give her any commands to forget about me watching her. She looks back and gives me a little wave and I wonder what will happen when I see her on Monday. I also wonder if Nicole would like to be tied up and spanked.

I'm on the road early the next morning, anxious to try out my new suggestions on Nicole. I've been working on them all week. I even wrote them down so I don't mess up. I don't want to change who she is, I just want her to get excited about the possibilities of the transmitter, like she was initially. I also want to experiment with the trigger concept. Of all the people I've had sexual contact with recently, Nicole is the only one I can relate to outside of the sex. We're the same age with a lot of the same interests, if I can just get rid of her hang-ups about the transmitter.

I call her when I get to uncle Harry's and she comes right over. I'm waiting for her and tuning in her frequency before I open the door. I press the button as I turn the doorknob and she's zapped before she sees the transmitter. I tell her to remember exactly how she's standing and invite her into the house. She looks very sexy in a tank top with no bra and tight jeans.

I read to her from the bullet points I typed up before I left home. "Nicole, * You will regain the excitement you initially had about the erotic possibilities of the transmitter. * You will never use it on me or cause anyone else to use it on me. * You will realize that it was uncle Harry who abused the transmitter, not me and forego any further interference in my use of the transmitter. * You will accept my use of the transmitter on my sister and my mother as a natural outgrowth of my sexual curiosity and not view it as perverted. * You will be proud of your body, especially your beautifully shaped, firm tits. * When I say the words, 'Think about it, Nicole' whatever I suggest next will be totally accepted and enthusiastically embraced by you." I finish reading and add, "Now you will go back outside in the exact same position you were in and not remember that you were zapped." I wait until Nicole is back outside, close the door almost all the way, press the button and open the door.

"Hi Nicole." I say embracing her and kissing her passionately. "I've missed you."

"I missed you, too, Nick!" She says, kissing me back. "I'm so sorry about using the transmitter on you and making the video, Nick."

"I'm sorry I got so angry and left." I tell her. "Come on, let's make up for lost time." I say, leading her into the bedroom. Flopping on the bed, we snuggle together, running our hands up and down each other's body. Slipping her tongue into my mouth, she pushes me on to my back and straddles me rubbing her crotch against the bulge in my pants. Sitting up she pulls her tank top over her head and runs her hands seductively over her firm white mounds. Leaning forward, she offers her nipple for me to suckle. I wrap my lips around her nipple, sucking a large portion of her tit into my mouth and flicking her nipple with my tongue.

"Mmmm." I love it when you suck my tits." Nicole says, rocking against my aroused cock and working her fingers on the buttons of my shirt. I move to her other nipple and suckle it as I unfasten her jeans. We break apart long enough to shed our clothing. Nicole straddles my cock again; rubbing her pussy lips up and down it's length before impaling herself on it. Sitting up she starts rocking back and forth, sliding my cock in and out of her hot, young pussy.

"So, tell me." Nicole says, adopting a slow, steady rhythm with her hips and running her hands up and down my chest. "Who have you been using the transmitter on while you were gone?" She's smiling and rocking back and forth.

"Just my mom and Miss Edwards, my English teacher." I tell her, wondering how my suggestions are going to work.

"Your English teacher? Cool!" she smiles. "What happened? How old is she? What does she look like? Tell me everything." She picks up the rhythm as I tell her everything, starting from when Miss Edwards asked me to stay after school until her boyfriend spanked and fucked her in the classroom. I watch Nicole get progressively turned on and hump my cock faster and faster. Obviously the suggestions are working.

"That is so hot!" She says, almost bouncing off my cock. "She really got turned on being tied up and spanked?" She asks incredulously.

"Yeah! And having her nipples pinched and twisted, like this." I answer, pinching her nipples and twisting them like I watched Kevin do to Miss Edwards.

"Ow! Ohhh!" Nicole yells. "That hurt, but it sent a bolt of lightning to my pussy, too." She says with a quizzical look on her face. "Try it again, I want to see something." She says as she rocks her hips faster and I thrust my ass off the bed to match her rhythm. I reach up and massage her tit and then pinch and twist her nipple with my thumb and index finger just as I thrust my cock deep inside her burning pussy.

"Oooo. It's really weird." She says, bouncing frantically on my cock and pinching her own nipples. "A little pain really is exciting, but be careful, okay?" she asks.

"Sure. I'm not trying to hurt you." I tell her. "Do you want to try the spanking or being tied up? I watched Miss Edwards get off so hard, it was amazing." I explain.

"I don't think so, Nick." She says, still bouncing on my cock. "That's a little kinky." Time to test the trigger.

"Think about it, Nicole." I say, "We'll role-play that you've been bad, I'll spank you over my knee and then fuck you against your burning ass. I think you'll like it." I wait for her reaction.

"Okay, let's try it!" She says, jumping off my cock, leaving me humping the air. "What do we do?" She asks, kneeling on the bed. I sit up on the edge of the bed, my feet on the floor. Goddamn! The trigger works!

"Come over here." I tell her, "Lay across my lap." My hard cock is sticking straight out and I position her so that her side is against my slippery cock. I run my hand over her firm round cheeks, slipping a finger between them into her sopping wet pussy, and remember how much I love her tight little ass.


"Mmmm." She moans. "Come on, spank me, Nick. I want to see what it's like."

I slap her ass hard.

Smack!

"Ow! That really hurts!" She cries.

I hit her two hard slaps in rapid succession.

Smack! Smack!

"Fuck!" She yells, but then raises her ass up for another slap.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

Her ass is getting red, but she's squirming around trying to push her pussy against my leg. She raises her ass off my lap and slides her hand between us, rubbing her pussy.

"Go ahead." She says, "Spank me, Nick. Spank me while I rub my clit!" She says.

Smack! Smack! Smack!

I'm alternating ass cheeks until they are both glowing bright red.

"Ohhhhh! Fuck!" She yells, humping against her hand. "That's enough, Nick. Please fuck me now." She pleads. I stand her up and turn her around, positioning her on the bed on all fours, her shiny red ass cheeks pointing towards me. I stand next to the bed and slide my cock inside her drenched pussy. Holding her hips, I pump frantically in and out of her extremely slippery hole. She's still rubbing her clit with her hand and rocking back against me with each stroke.

"Oh god, Nick! I'm cumming!" Nicole yells. I pump faster, feeling my own imminent release building fast. Nicole's body shakes as the first wave of her orgasm rolls through her. I keep pumping and finally shoot inside her with quick, jerky thrusts. Nicole falls forward on the bed, pulling my cock from her sopping wet pussy.

I get some body lotion from the bathroom and crawl up beside her. Massaging the cool lotion over her glowing, red ass cheeks, I ask her how it felt.

"It was an amazing turn on. I couldn't believe it made me so hot!" She says, but then adds, "But it hurts now!"

"Is it something you'd like to try again sometime?" I ask her, still rubbing cool lotion against her heated skin and wondering what it would feel like to fuck her ass. Running my hands over her sexy, curvaceous ass has my cock stirring again.

"I don't know." She answers. "Let me see how I feel in a couple of hours." She laughs. Turning over she kisses me and says, "I really came hard though, so maybe. Did you enjoy spanking me?" She asks.

"Yeah!" I say, maybe too enthusiastically. "I don't know why it's so erotic. I don't ever want to hurt you, but it didn't feel like that. It just felt really exciting."

"Thanks for the lotion. It really helps." She says, pushing me back on the bed. Getting up on her knees, she starts licking her juices off my semi-erect cock.

"I haven't properly said hello, down here, yet." Nicole laughs, sucking the head of my cock into her mouth. My cock quickly responds to her oral stimulation and I'm soon humping my ass off the bed while she bobs her head up and down. Cupping my balls with her hand, she slides her lips all the way to the base of my shaft, slipping my cock head just inside the entrance to her throat.

"Oh fuck, Nicole! That feels amazing." I tell her. Nicole shifts her body around, straddling my shoulders, without breaking the rhythm of her mouth on my cock. Her pussy is positioned just over my face and for a minute I hesitate to eat the mixture of juices that are dripping from her pussy lips. Then, I think what the fuck, she's always been willing to swallow my cum. I pull her pussy down to my face and bury my tongue between her drenched lips. Her taste and aroma overwhelm most of the taste of my cum and I vigorously tongue fuck her as she sucks my cock.

"Mmmmm." Nicole moans around my cock, creating a vibrating sensation up and down my shaft. I'm sucking and nibbling at her pussy lips and lapping up her juices. Resting my hand on her ass cheek, I can still feel the heat from her earlier spanking and her cheeks are still bright red.

Nicole is grinding her pussy against my face and I'm pumping my cock in and out of her mouth, as we build to our individual orgasms. Sixty-nine has never been my favorite position; I'd rather just concentrate on eating pussy or getting a blowjob; not both. But this feels different. We seem to be in sync with each other, building to a mutual climax, as my balls constrict and I feel a tremor from Nicole's pussy. She tenses her legs at the same time as I tense mine, both of us so close to our much-needed release. She grinds down hard, almost smothering me, just as I start shooting my load in her mouth.

She continues sucking my cock and swallowing my cum through several tremors of her own, each releasing a flood of juices in my mouth and overflowing down my cheeks. As we relax our legs, Nicole releases my cock from her mouth, flips her body around and shoves her tongue in my mouth. We trade juices, as our tongues entwine in a passionate love dance. Her naked body feels right at home, lying on top of mine, and I cup her hot ass cheeks, just holding her against me.

"Remember Carolyn, from the mall?" I ask Nicole, as our naked bodies lie molded together on the bed.

"Yeah." She says. "I remember watching you fuck her in the department store."

"I invited her over when she gets off work, today." I tell Nicole.

"Really?" She asks. "What for?" She's looking at me curiously.

"Well, remember how hot we both got the last time?" I remind her. "You and I hadn't even done anything yet. It's what led to us finally getting together. I just thought it would be fun to try it again, as more of a threesome, with you really joining in this time. What do you think?" I ask, wondering if I'll have to use the trigger again.

"Sure." Nicole says, slowly. "Whatever you want, Nick." She says, hesitantly. What the hell, we need a little more enthusiasm here.

"Think about it, Nicole." I say. "You'll eat each other's pussy's and one of you can suck or fuck me while I eat the other one. It'll be fun."

"What time does she get here?" Nicole asks, "We need to shower and clean up from this morning." That's more like it. We take our time showering, soaping each other and enjoying the slipperiness of our bodies rubbing together. We dress and are finishing lunch as the doorbell rings.

"Hi Carolyn." I say, as I open the door, immediately embracing her luscious body. "You look amazing!" She does, in a light blue blouse, curving snugly around her ample bosom, unbuttoned enough to show a considerable amount of her chocolate-brown cleavage. Her tan knee length skirt is stretched tightly across her rounded ass cheeks and my cock springs to attention as I watch her walk across the room.

"You remember Nicole, don't you?" I say, introducing them again.

"Sure, you were pretty quiet the last time we were together." Carolyn says.

"I was actually just an observer last time." Nicole says, walking toward Carolyn with a lustful look in he eye. "This time I want to play, too." She says, embracing Carolyn and kissing her on the mouth. Carolyn is surprised, but doesn't balk at the attention.

"Hmmm." She says, breaking the kiss. "We'll have to see." She says, eyeing Nicole's tight ass and small tits, before turning her attention back to me.

"I'm so glad you called me, Nick." She says. "And now I even have a name to call you. I've thought of nothing else since your call." She walks over to me and pulls my shirt over my head. Leaning her head down she bites at my nipples while she unfastens my belt. I've got her blouse unbuttoned and I'm unhooking her bra when we hear a car pull up outside.

"Oh fuck!" Carolyn yells, looking out the front window. "It's my husband! Shit!" She's pulling her blouse around her. "He must have followed me here! Oh fuck!"

"Calm down." I tell her, taking the transmitter out of my jeans and putting the ear buds in my ears. "Don't panic, I'll handle everything." I tell her, walking to the front door.

"What's his name?" I ask, just before I walk outside.

"Carl." Carolyn answers, clearly panicked.

As I walk out, I hear Nicole say, "Don't worry, Carolyn. Nick will fix everything. You'll see." I meet Carl on the sidewalk. Tuning in his frequency, I hit the transmitter button.

"Hi Carl, I'm Nick." I say calmly.

"Hi." He says in my favorite monotone.

"What are you doing here?" I ask him.

"I followed Carolyn to this house. I think she's cheating on me." He answers blandly.

"Carl, have you ever cheated on Carolyn?" I ask, thinking this is a good place to start.

"Yes, with my brother's wife." He says. Now that's very interesting, Carolyn fucking his brother while he's fucking his brother's wife. I see a potential swap situation in their future. Right now, I'm trying to decide if I want to send him away or have him join us. I've never fucked with another guy around; it might be interesting to see what happens.

"Carl, Carolyn is inside ready to enjoy an afternoon of sex with Nicole and I. You don't see anything wrong with that as long as you get to join in the fun. Have you ever fucked a white girl, Carl?" I ask him.

"No, but I've thought about it a lot." He answers.

"Well, today's your lucky day. We're going to have a happy foursome today with Carolyn, Nicole, you and I. There'll be no jealousy and you'll be completely accepting of Carolyn coming here. In fact, you'll thank her for letting you fuck a young white girl. Do you understand?" I ask.

"Yes." He answers. "It's okay that Carolyn is here with you and Nicole, and I get to join in and we'll all have sex together."

"Very good, Carl. One more thing, when you and Carolyn leave you can suggest that you get together and do the same thing with your brother and his wife, I'm sure she'll be receptive."

Carl and I head into the house. Carl is a handsome man, a little darker than Carolyn, with a firm muscular build. He has close-cropped hair and I can't help but notice his firm biceps, as we walk in the house together. I'm glad I have the transmitter on my side.

"Hi baby." Carl says, walking over to Carolyn and giving her a kiss. "Nick here just invited me to join the fun." He looks Nicole up and down and smiles. "Thank you for making this possible, baby. I think it's going to be real fun." He says, almost leering at Nicole's body.

"What's he talking about, Nick?" Nicole asks, now she's the one panicking.

"Well, instead of a threesome, Carl wants to make it a foursome. Doesn't that sound like fun?" I ask.

"I'm not sure." Nicole says, while Carolyn is just standing there with her mouth open, amazed at everything. "What did you 'suggest' to him, Nick?" Nicole wants to know.

"I just said that Carolyn, you and I are going to be fucking, but since that's an uneven number it would be even better if he joined us." By this time, Nicole is backing away from Carl, shaking her head.

"Think about it, Nicole." I say, "You'll suck and fuck Carl's cock and then you and Carolyn can put on a show for Carl and I. What do you say?" Nicole immediately reverses herself and starts walking toward Carl.

"Let's see what you've got, Carl." She says tugging at his shirt and running her hand up and down the bulge in his pants. I walk over to Carolyn and again start unbuttoning her blouse. She just looks from me to Carl in disbelief and lets me take her blouse and bra off without moving.

"Oh my." Nicole sighs. "Carl, my god!" She says. I turn around as Nicole has Carl's sweatpants down around his ankles and is running her hand up and down his large cock. It's thicker and longer than any cock I've ever seen and I'm amazed when I see Nicole drop to her knees and suck the head of it into her mouth. The sight of her white cheeks puffed out around his large black cock is very erotic. I soon have Carolyn naked and we move to the couch to watch. I shed the rest of my clothes before I sit down next to Carolyn. Running my hands over her luscious brown tits, we watch Nicole pump about six inches of Carl's cock in and out of her mouth.

"Oh fuck, baby." Carl moans. "That feels so good." He has his hands on the back of her head and is pumping his cock in and out of her mouth. Carl is thrusting his hips forward and Nicole is bobbing her head back and forth, matching his rhythm. With his shirt off, Carl's six-pack abs and muscular chest are a sight to behold. I lean down and start sucking on Carolyn's thick nipples while my fingers comb through her velvety black bush. Sliding my hand between her legs I run one finger up and down her pussy lips and she involuntarily spreads her legs. She still seems to be mesmerized by the sight of Nicole giving her husband head.

Nicole has both of her hands wrapped around Carl's cock, one next to the other, to keep him from slamming the whole length in her mouth. She keeps the hand closest to her mouth on his cock while she moves the other one to his balls. Carolyn and I watch Nicole fondle Carl's balls while she pumps his cock in and out of her mouth with a loud slurping sound. I slip two fingers into Carolyn's hot pussy while I continue to suckle her nipples.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming, sweet thing!" Carl yells, holding Nicole's head with his hands he pumps his cock faster and faster into her mouth. Tensing his leg muscles and clenching his ass cheeks, Carl shoots into Nicole's mouth, while she frantically pulls her head back along his shaft, swallowing his huge load.

Licking his cock clean, and then standing up, Nicole never breaks eye contact with Carl as she drops her clothes on the floor around her. Carl is grinning from ear to ear as he admires her puffy pink nipples standing erect on her small, white tits. He lets out a low whistle at the sight of her triangular brown bush pointing toward her puffy wet pussy lips. With both of them naked, she pulls him over to the couch and sits down next to Carolyn, spreading her legs.

"Goddamn, girl! You are so fucking hot!" Carl says, looking between Carolyn and Nicole, taking in the striking contrast between the small breasted, tight-assed white girl and the voluptuous brown body of his wife.

"Come on, Carl." She says seductively. "It's my turn. Let's see how big your tongue is." She laughs, as Carl drops on his knees between her legs and starts licking from her knees to the top of her thighs. I turn my attention back to Carolyn, kissing my way down her body and positioning myself between her beautiful brown thighs. Carolyn's attention is all on Carl, who now has his face buried in Nicole's pussy, when I replace my fingers with my tongue between her thick pussy lips.

"Oh fuck! Eat me Carl!" Nicole has her hands on the back of Carl's head pulling him tightly against her pussy as she humps her ass off the couch and into his face. Carl has his hands on her breasts, pinching her nipples as he tongue fucks her pussy.

"Mmmmm." Carolyn is finally responding to my onslaught on her pussy, as I suck her clit into my mouth and pinch her pussy lips with my fingers. Shoving my two fingers back inside her hot, wet pussy I pump them furiously, as I continue sucking her clit. She's now bucking up against me and grabbing handfuls of my hair, pulling my face tightly against her fiery pussy. Carl and I work our tongues on the girls' pussies filling the room with loud slurping noises.

"I'm cumming!" I hear Nicole yell, as I continue to manipulate Carolyn's clit with my mouth and twist my fingers around inside her pussy. Glancing up, I see Nicole in the throes of orgasm, bucking wildly against Carl's face, her teen sized tits jiggling all around. Finally, she collapses back on the couch, releasing her grip on Carl's head.

"Oh fuck, baby!" Carolyn gasps. "Keep that up, just like that!" She's pulling my face tighter against her pussy and my tongue is flicking the tip of her clit, which I've sucked entirely inside my mouth. I'm teasing her pussy lips with my fingers, pinching, twisting and flicking them from side to side. Carolyn squeezes her legs tightly around my head, nearly suffocating me, while her body spasms through an explosive orgasm. Relaxing her legs, her juices gush out around my fingers and I quickly position my mouth to catch as much of her nectarous flow as I can.

Pulling my head back from Carolyn's pussy, I see Carl positioning his huge cock at the entrance to Nicole's pussy. Her head is leaned back, her eyes are closed and I'm not sure she's aware of what's coming. Carolyn sees it the same time I do and abruptly sits up.

"Oh baby!" She yells. "Wait a minute. She can't take that without some help." This gets Nicole's attention and she looks down just as Carl is rubbing the thick, black head of his cock against her pink pussy lips.

"Whoa." She says, sitting up and pulling her pussy back. "Just a minute. Let me get ready for that monster." She says, smiling at Carl.

"Here, baby." Carolyn says to Nicole. "I know how to do this, I'll help you." Carolyn leans over and pulls Nicole's legs up, bending them up to her shoulders, then pushes them wide apart. "Hold your legs out like this with your hands." She tells Nicole. "This will give you the widest opening for him to slide into." Turning to Carl, she tells him, "You are not going to just shove your big black cock into her little, white pussy! You'll split her apart!" Reaching down and grabbing Carl's cock she starts rubbing his cock head up and down Nicole's pussy lips. "I will feed your cock into her, slowly." She says.

"Mmmm. Okay, baby. Whatever you say." Carl says, clearly enjoying the sensations.

Carolyn is sitting next to Nicole on the couch. She has one hand around Carl's cock, feeding it into Nicole's pussy. With her other hand she starts massaging Nicole's clit. "This will keep you lubricated and allow you to take more of his cock inside of you." Turning to me, she says, "Why don't you go around the other side and suck on her titties; the more stimulation the better." I quickly do as she says, kissing Nicole on the mouth before leaning down and sucking her nipple into my mouth.

"Ohhh! It's so big!" Nicole moans, as Carolyn feed Carl's cock into her tight, young pussy. Carolyn has pushed about four inches of Carl's thick cock inside Nicole's tight pussy and she stops to let Nicole get used to it's girth, while continuing to rub Nicole's clit. With me sucking her nipples and Carolyn playing with her clit, Nicole is soon pushing her pussy against Carl's cock trying to get more of it inside of her. Carolyn pumps Carl's cock in and out of Nicole's pussy, pushing it farther in with each stroke. When she has about two-thirds of the length inside Nicole's pussy she tells Carl to slowly stroke it in and out. Carolyn keeps her hand around the base of Carl's cock to keep him from slamming the entire length into Nicole before she's ready.

"She is so fucking tight!" Carl breathes. Nicole meanwhile is bucking wildly and already trembling from several quick orgasms generated by the simultaneous stimulation of her clit, her tits and her stretched out pussy. Carl is breathing hard and trying to keep the slow pace of fucking going, but it's easy to see that Nicole's tight pussy is driving him to the brink of eruption. Carolyn finally let's go of his cock and tells him to fuck Nicole.

"She's ready!" Carolyn announces, while she keeps her fingers working feverishly at Nicole's clit. Carl lifts his whole body up and pushes his cock into Nicole's pussy, burying it to his balls.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" Nicole yells, thrusting her pussy up to meet Carl's invasion. Then he's fucking her, the entire length of his cock is pulling out and slamming back into her pussy, her slick lips stretched wide around his thick throbbing member. I can't believe she took the whole thing inside of her. I keep sucking, pinching and twisting her nipples and I feel her shudder through several more orgasms before Carl erupts inside of her. She collapses back on the couch, shaking and shivering from the intensity of her multiple orgasms. Carl stays buried inside of her while he catches his breath and then slowly pulls his spent cock from her quivering hole.

"That was so hot!" Carolyn exclaims. "Get over here and fuck me Nick. My pussy is dripping wet from watching that." Carolyn seems to have accepted Carl being here, joining in the fun. She's bending forward and leaning her hands on the back of the couch, her dark brown ass wiggling invitingly in the air. I look up from Nicole's teen sized mounds and see Carolyn's large brown tits hanging down over the couch next to us. They are swaying back and forth, as she wiggles her ass and her rigid black nipples are pointing down at the seat cushions. I kiss Nicole on the lips, while she's still catching her breath, and move over behind Carolyn. 


I rub my throbbing cock up and down her pussy lips a couple of times before sliding it all the way into her sizzling pussy. She pushes her round ass cheeks back against me and we start pounding against each other, picking up a tense, urgent rhythm. Nicole smiles at me and lies down on the couch, sliding her head under Carolyn's tits.

"Oh yeah! That's fine!" Carolyn says, as Nicole sucks her thick, black nipple into her mouth. Carl sits on the couch, watching me fuck his wife, while Nicole sucks on her tits. I can see his large, black cock starting to recover, as I slam my hard cock into Carolyn's pussy. Nicole reaches between Carolyn's legs, running her fingernails under my scrotum as I pound Carolyn's pussy relentlessly. Her fingers scrape across my balls and then I hear Carolyn moan.

"Ohhhhh! Yes!" Carolyn cries. "Play with my clit! Oh fuck! Keep doing that!" Nicole is still sucking on Carolyn's tits, but her fingers must have found her clit. Carl's cock is fully erect and I can't help but stare at the size, still amazed that Nicole took the whole thing. Carl gets up and walks around the back of the couch. Leaning forward, he positions his huge, stiff cock close to Carolyn's head.

"Come on, baby." Carl says, pushing his cock forward toward her face. "Take it in both ends." Carolyn lifts her head up, opens her mouth and Carl pushes half of his long, thick cock into her welcoming mouth. Carl is tall enough that his balls are dangling on the back of the couch, while he fucks Carolyn's mouth. Nicole, lying on her back, sucking Carolyn's tits and playing with her clit, reaches her other hand up and starts fondling Carl's balls.

"Oh fuck yes!" Carl yells, stepping up the pace of his thrusts in and out of his wife's mouth. He's holding her head in his hands and starts matching the rhythm Carolyn and I have going, thrusting in while I'm pulling back.

"Mmmmmm!" Carolyn is moaning around Carl's thick cock. Nicole has her thumb and index finger around the base of Carl's cock, while running her other three fingers across his balls. Watching all of this is too much for me and I slam hard against Carolyn's ass cheeks, shooting my load deep within her burning snatch.

"Ohhhh!" Carl yells. "Swallow this, baby!" He cries, jerkily shooting his cum into his wife's mouth. The simultaneous release of cum in Carolyn's pussy and her mouth drives her own climax and she clenches her pussy muscles around my cock, her legs shaking violently from her orgasm, as she swallows Carl's cum.

"Jesus fucking Christ!" Carolyn yells when Carl pulls his cock from her mouth. "That was amazing!" She's panting and falls down on the couch next to Nicole, pulling my spent cock from her sopping pussy. Nicole sits up and embraces Carolyn, their lips meeting in a passionate kiss while they cup each other's ass cheeks, pulling their bodies tightly together.

I drop into a chair to recover, as I watch Nicole's small, white mounds disappear between Carolyn's beautiful brown orbs. The intensity of their kiss is matched by the urgent exploration of their hands on each other's body. When Carolyn's fingers brush across Nicole's pussy lips, Nicole bucks her hips forward, humping Carolyn's hand.

"Oooo, baby!" Carolyn says breaking the kiss. "You need to cum again, don't you?" Carolyn asks. Nicole just nods, spreading her legs so Carolyn can slide her fingers inside. With Carolyn finger fucking her, Nicole shoves her tongue back into Carolyn's mouth, kissing her more fervently than before. Carolyn again breaks the kiss and pushes Nicole back on the couch, kneeling on the floor between her legs.

"I haven't done this in years." Carolyn says, replacing her fingers with her tongue, feverishly devouring the mix of juices in Nicole's pussy. Carl and I just look at each other, smiling as we watch the show. Carl's cock is almost fully recovered again, and mine is sticking up pretty straight, as well.

Nicole is sprawled back on the couch, her knees pulled up and her legs spread wide, while Carolyn is on all fours eating her pussy. Carl walks over and kneels behind Carolyn, positioning his long, thick cock between her sopping pussy lips. With one quick thrust, he buries the entire length inside his wife's cunt.

"Oommmff" Carolyn says, her moan muffled by Nicole's pussy. Nicole opens her eyes and sees Carl slamming into Carolyn from behind, pushing Carolyn's face harder against her pussy. Smiling, she grabs a handful of Carolyn's hair and starts bucking faster against Carolyn's mouth.

Watching all this, I'm stroking my fully recovered cock and looking for a way to get in on the action. I'm thinking about sucking Nicole's tits again when she catches my eye, licks her lips and looks at my hard cock. Wondering if this is going to work, I stand up on the couch and place my feet on either side of Nicole's body. Leaning my knees against the back of the couch on either side of her, my cock is aimed right at her mouth. Wrapping her free hand around it, she opens her mouth and sucks it in, flicking her tongue around the head. I start pumping my cock in and out of her mouth. With her head against the back of the couch, she can't move away, as I push more and more of my cock into her warm, wet mouth.

With his hands gripping her hips, Carl is slamming into Carolyn, their bodies slapping together from the ferocious onslaught. Carolyn's face is still squashed against Nicole's pussy, held there by the combined pressure from Carl behind her and Nicole's grip on her hair. I have Nicole's head pinned against the back of the couch while I drive my cock farther into her mouth. The room is filled with grunting, slurping and moaning sounds, as we all push towards the ultimate climax of the day.

"Mmm! Mmm! Mmm!" Nicole's lips are vibrating around my cock as she tenses her body and clamps her legs around Carolyn's head. Her body is shaking as her orgasm rumbles through her. She moves her hand to caress my balls, triggering my release. I pump my load into Nicole's mouth, as I listen to the loud slurping of Carolyn's tongue, lapping up Nicole's juices.

"Oh fuck!" Carl grunts, slamming hard into Carolyn and holding her hips against him as he spews his cum inside her already trembling pussy. Carolyn pushes back against him, he loses his balance and they tumble to the floor, still connected. My cock slips from Nicole's mouth, and I slide down her body, trailing a string of cum over her tits and her stomach. Straddling her body, I clamp my lips over hers, tasting my cum in her mouth, as we kiss.

When we recover, a weird awkwardness settles over the group. With nothing in common but our nakedness, we slowly gather up our clothes, vowing to get together again. Before they leave, Carolyn takes me aside.

"Just what did you say." Carolyn asks. "How did you get Carl to join in?" She wants to know.

"I can be very persuasive." I tell her, and she just raises her eyebrows at me. "We had a man to man, Carolyn. I questioned him about his fidelity and also pointed out that you had a young white girlfriend for him." I shrug. "You saw how excited he was about that."

"Whatever." Carolyn says, kissing me and rubbing my crotch. "It was fun, Nick."

"Hey, Carolyn." I say before she rejoins her husband. "I think Carl might like to do this with his brother and his wife. You might want to consider it." I smile. Carolyn just looks at me, shakes her head and walks out to join her husband.

"So, Nicole." I say, when we're alone. "What do you want to do now?"

"I don't know." Nicole answers. "But I don't want anything in my pussy for a while." She laughs. "I'm a little sore."

"I know what we can do!" I announce, excitedly. "Why don't we clean up and go on a date. We'll go to dinner and see a movie. We've never done anything like that." I tell her. "What do you say?"

"Oh Nick, I love it!" Nicole answers. "I'll go home, shower and change. You can pick me up in an hour." Nicole starts for the door and turns back. "Nick, let me borrow the transmitter. I want my parents to agree to let me spend the night here." I hesitate, and then realize she can't use it on me.

"Here." I say, giving her the transmitter. "Be careful with that thing." I tell her smiling.

An hour later at her house, I'm not even out of the car and she comes running out with an overnight bag and a big smile. She's wearing a beige blouse and a tight, black skirt. She has make-up on, her hair is perfect and she looks stunning. I've never seen her in anything but jeans or sweats. When she gets in the car, her skirt rides up and I smile.

"You look wonderful." I tell her as I lean over and kiss her lips, tasting her lipstick and breathing in her perfume. "Tell me again why we want to go to a restaurant?"

"Because it's a date!" She says, slapping me playfully. "Thanks, Nick. This is a great idea!" We go to a local Italian eatery at the mall and have a great time. We talk all through dinner about everything; school, teachers, music, sports and I even learn that Nicole is in the drama club.

We're about halfway through the movie, the popcorn is gone, and Nicole's head is on my shoulder. I have my arm around her, holding her against me, when I feel her hand in my lap. She's running her fingers up and down the length of my zipper and my cock is responding accordingly. She keeps it up, squeezing and teasing my cock through my jeans for the rest of the movie. My cock is rock hard and I make sure we don't wait for the credits. The bulge in my jeans is obvious as I hurry us through the lobby and the parking lot to my car.

"What's the matter?" Nicole says, laughing. "Why are we in such a hurry?"

"You know why, you little tease." I answer, laughing with her as we get in the car.

"I'm not a tease." She says, smiling. "You'll see!" Before we're out of the parking lot, Nicole has my zipper down and is pulling my cock through the fly in my jockey shorts.

"What are you doing?" I ask, trying to steer us out of the mall parking lot. Nicole is kneeling on the seat and bending her head down toward my erect cock.

"What I've wanted to do for the past hour!" She says, sliding her warm mouth over the end of my cock and bobbing her head up and down.

"Oh fuck!" I moan, pushing the seat back and tilting it more to give her better access. "Nicole!" I sigh, as I thrust my hips up to meet her mouth, while still trying to drive.

"This isn't working!" She says, undoing my belt and opening my jeans. She maneuvers my jockey shorts over my cock and I lift my ass from the seat so she can push my jeans and jockeys down below my crotch. "That's better." She says, cupping my balls with her hand and sucking my cock back into her mouth.

"Shit!" I yell, swerving back into my lane. I'm trying hard to stay focused on driving, but Nicole is taking my cock into the back of her throat and teasing my balls with her fingers. With my pants around my thighs, I have limited movement and I'm slow in moving my foot from the gas to the brake at a traffic light. Stopped a little across the line, I lean my head back and listen to the slurping sounds of Nicole's mouth on my cock. With my left hand on the steering wheel, I slide my other hand over Nicole's ass, squeezing her cheeks through her tight, skirt.

A horn honks and I look in the rearview mirror, but I can't see anything because I've slid so low in the seat. I adjust the mirror and push the gas pedal, again focusing on staying in my lane. Nicole's head is bobbing up and down faster and faster and I'm thrusting up to meet her mouth.

I slide my hand under Nicole's skirt and I'm surprised when I feel her bare ass cheek. She's either not wearing any panties or she's wearing a thong. Further exploration reveals a thin strip of material between her ass cheeks. I fondle her smooth ass as she continues sucking my hard cock.

"Fuck!" I yell, when I see the blue light flashing in the rearview mirror. I look at the speedometer and see that we've slowed to 15 miles per hour on a 45 mph highway. "Shit, Nicole." I say, pulling my hand back and sitting up straight. "We're being pulled over!" She looks up over the seat and then reaches in her purse, pulling out the transmitter.

"Here." she says, "Take care of it, I'm busy." She slides her mouth back over my cock, like nothing's happening. I frantically push the ear buds in, lower the window and start spinning the thumb wheel. Got it!

"Hello, Officer." I say, as I push the button.

"Hello." He says in a low monotone. He's looking in the window with a glazed look in his eyes. Nicole is bobbing up and down on my cock with a renewed intensity. I think she's trying to make me cum while the officer is standing here.

"There is no problem here officer. You will react like blowjobs are a normal part of every driving experience." I jump as the passenger window is pounded on.

"Sit up and lower this window!" A female officer yells from the passenger side of the car. Her flashlight is shining on Nicole, but Nicole doesn't stop.

"Take care of that, too, Nick." Nicole says, before sliding her lips back down to the base of my cock.

"Have you ever had sex with your partner." I ask the officer at my window, barely able to speak because Nicole has me on the brink of climax.

"No." He answers, flatly.

"Have you ever wanted to?" I ask, nearly panting.

"I said, 'Sit up and open this window!" The other officer is yelling and tapping on the window with her flashlight.

"Yes, sir, I sure have." He says.

"Tell her she had better come around here and talk to me. Then go wait in your car for her." I tell him. "And you'll forget you even stopped us."

"You'd better come around here and talk to him yourself, Julie." The officer says as he walks back to his car. I'm dialing the transmitter like crazy, while pushing my cock against Nicole's mouth. Okay, this must be her frequency and I push the button.

"Hello, Julie." I pant, thrusting my cock into Nicole's mouth, as the officer reaches my window.

"Hello, sir." She says very calmly. She's about thirty, with short blonde hair and her uniform blouse is tailored to cut tightly across her large breasts.

"Julie, blowjobs, as you can see, are a natural part of the driving experience. You will go back to your squad car, undo your partner's uniform pants and give him the best blowjob of his life, swallowing all of his cum. You will forget you even stopped us. You'll think you pulled over for the blowjob."

"Yes sir." Julie answers and I watch her ass swish back and forth as she walks back to the squad car. I see her remove her hat and lean across the seat, disappearing from view. I put the car in gear and drive toward uncle Harry's house.

"She's doing it!" I laugh. "She's giving her partner a blowjob!"

"That was so cool, Nick!" Nicole says, as she takes a breath. Lowering her head, she devours my entire cock in one smooth motion, pushing it into her throat.

"Oh God! Nicole!" I moan, trying to keep my foot on the gas and push my cock up at the same time. Sliding her lips back along my shaft, she pumps my cock in and out of her mouth in rapid-fire motion the rest of the way home. Just as we pull into uncle Harry's driveway, I can't take it any longer. Pushing on the brake, I raise my ass off the seat and erupt into Nicole's mouth. Sucking and swallowing, she milks several loads of cum from my jerking cock before sitting up and licking her lips.

"That was too fucking amazing!" I tell her. "You are unbelievable!"

"I don't usually do that on a first date." She says, smiling.

"But you do sleep over, right." I laugh. "Come on." I say, pulling my pants up and getting out of the car.

Inside the house, we shed our clothes on our way to uncle Harry's room. Lying naked on uncle Harry's bed, I lick and suck Nicole's pussy to a burning orgasm while giving my cock time to recover. We finish with a slow, grinding fuck of such impassioned intimacy that we fall asleep with our bodies still locked together, my spent cock nestled inside her drenched pussy.

Sunday morning, I wake up snuggled against Nicole's back. My morning hard on is rubbing against her ass and I cup her tit and pull her tightly against me.

"Good morning." She says, pushing her ass back against my hard cock. "God, it feels good waking up with you."

"Mmmmm." I answer, massaging her tit and rubbing my cock up and down the crack of her ass. "So, what do you want to do today?" I ask.

"Whatever we do, I don't think we can top yesterday." Nicole says, dreamily.

"How did you like fucking Carl?" I ask. "That was pretty intense."

"Oh my god!" Nicole answers. "I felt like I was losing my virginity all over again. He was so fucking big!"

"Yeah, made me a little self conscious." I tell her.

"Don't worry, I couldn't do him very often." Nicole says, reaching behind her and grabbing my cock. "You are the perfect size for me."

"Speaking of losing your virginity." I say, cautiously, rubbing my hand over her ass. "There is one place where you're still a virgin."

"Oh, I don't think I'm ready for that, Nick." Nicole says, turning to me face me.

"Think about..." I stop. I've got to get myself under control. She's had enough 'Think about it, Nicole' suggestions for one weekend. We'll just do something else today.

"Think about what?" She asks, her eyes locked on mine.

"Think about whatever you want to do today." I answer. "I have some urgent business to take care of." I add, heading into the bathroom. "Then, let's have some breakfast."

When I come out of the bathroom, Nicole is already in the kitchen, toasting bagels. She's still naked and I kiss her neck, wrapping my arms around her body.

"Breakfast in bed and stay naked all day!" Nicole exclaims. "That's what I want to do today."

"You've got it!" I answer, tweaking her nipples as she spreads cream cheese on the bagels.

"Mmmmmm! That feels nice." She says, turning to me, pushing her finger in my mouth to let me lick off the cream cheese. "Let's take these in the bedroom." She says, picking up the plate of bagels and walking down the hall.

Back in bed, I smear cream cheese on Nicole's tits, sucking it off her nipples until they are fully erect. Not to be outdone, Nicole rubs her bagel against my cock, coating it in cream cheese and then licking it like an ice cream cone. When she has it almost clean, she takes my fully aroused cock into her mouth and sucks up and down the shaft, removing the remaining cream cheese. We continue playfully, sucking and fucking until the morning is gone and it's time for me to drive home. We take a shower, lathering each other and slithering our slippery bodies together, neither of us wanting our time together to end.

"I don't know about next weekend, but definitely the weekend after." I tell Nicole as I'm taking my stuff to my car.

"That's okay, I'll just call Carl." She teases.

"Would you like to get together with them when I come back?" I ask, excitedly. This was my first experience with group sex and I found it incredibly exciting.

"Maybe." Nicole says, smiling. "I liked it a lot more than I thought I would." She says. "At first I was scared to be with more than one person during sex, but I came so fucking hard with what everyone was doing to me." She says. "Fine, call them and let's see what happens." All right!

All the way home, I relive the weekend. Starting with Miss Edwards on Friday night, then the foursome with Carolyn & Carl yesterday and even the blowjob in the car and the police officers, this was the most erotic weekend I've ever spent. To top it off, I've got a message on my phone from Susan.

"Hey, little brother." The message starts. "Mom says you're down with your girlfriend. That's great, I just hope you're saving something for me. I'll be home next Saturday morning. Will you pick me up from the airport? I can't wait!" There's a pause and then, "Oh Sherrie isn't coming, but I'll try to take care of you. See ya!" Wow! I can't wait to see Susan again. I wonder how my suggestion to mom about Susan and I will work.


I get home late and mom is curled up on the couch, fast asleep in front of the TV. She's wearing a long t-shirt, with nothing underneath it; I can see her firm, round ass where the t-shirt has ridden up. I start to wake her up to go to bed, but instead, I kneel on the floor with my face near hers and run my hand around on her ass cheeks. When she starts to stir, I kiss her on the lips, while running my fingers between her ass cheeks and down over her pussy lips.

"Mmmmm." She says dreamily, kissing me back and lifting her leg to give me better access to her pussy. "How's everything with you and Nicole?" She asks, breaking the kiss and staring at my crotch.

"Great!" I tell her, while I stroke her pussy lips. "We had a wonderful time together, with no fighting."

"That's good." She says, but she seems disappointed not to see a big bulge in my pants. "What time is it?" She asks, "I didn't mean to fall asleep, but I wanted to wait up for you." She says sleepily.

"It's a little after eleven." I answer. "I'm ready for bed if you are." She sits up, cutting off my access to her pussy, and we walk into the bedroom together. Turning to her, I lift her t-shirt over her head and run my hands over her tits, before tucking her into bed. Quickly shedding my clothes I crawl in next to her and hold her naked body against mine. I kiss her again, this time slipping my tongue into her mouth and she responds by reaching between us and fondling my flaccid cock.

This is the first time mom has initiated sexual contact and attempted to arouse me, instead of just responding to my aroused state. I'm not sure if I've got much arousal left in me after the weekend I've had, but mom's expert manipulations of my cock and balls has me rock hard in no time. I scoot my ass back so she has room to maneuver while sliding my hand between her legs. Running my fingers up and down her slit, releases juices that coat her lips and lubricate my fingers, so they easily slip inside her hot pussy.

"Mmmmmm. Nick." Mom says, pulling her face back from our kiss. "I missed you this weekend." She says, looking me in the eyes. "I got really horny and started to watch a video, but I didn't want the vibrator or the dildo, I wanted you. I hope you don't think your mom is weird or perverted or whatever." She's stroking my hard cock while her fingers are tantalizing my balls.

"Oh no! Not at all, mom!" I tell her emphatically. "I love being with you like this. I'm aroused because of you, mom! No one else!" I push my tongue back into her mouth and increase the machinations of her pussy with my fingers. My cock is rock hard in mom's hand and her pussy is gushing juice around my fingers, as our tongues fight for dominance of our passionate kiss.

I push mom onto her back and suck one of her hard nipples into my mouth, biting it gently as I finger fuck her fiery pussy. Mom's tits are bigger and softer than Nicole's and my cock is oozing pre-cum as I suckle at her breasts. Mom is humping her ass up against my fingers and moaning as I kiss my way down her stomach and suck her clit into my mouth.

"Oh my god!" Mom yells as I lick and suck on her clit while increasing the pace of my fingers pumping in and out of her burning hole. Mom must have really been horny. In no time she's bucking wildly against my hand, tensing her legs and moaning.

"Oh! Yes! Oh Nick!" Mom cries. As her orgasm rips through her body, she clenches her pussy around my fingers and pulls my head away from her clit. She continues gently tugging on my head until we're face to face and I'm almost lying on top of her, my fingers still inside her quivering pussy. Mom slides her tongue in my mouth and pulls me down hard against her. I let my fingers slip from her pussy, and settle my body tightly against hers. With my tongue dancing around in her mouth, I can feel her hard nipples pushing into my chest and my rigid cock throbbing against her mound.

"I suppose it's your turn." Mom says, breaking the kiss and rolling us over, putting herself on top. She lifts her upper body until her hard nipples are the only part of her dangling tits making contact with my skin. Shifting her hips around, she nestles my hard cock between her steamy pussy lips. Rocking back and forth, she drags her nipples along my chest while gliding her slick pussy lips up and down my rigid shaft.

"Oh mom!" I moan, as I push my cock against her slippery lips, wondering how long she'll do this before she slides down and takes me in her warm mouth.

Mom has her eyes closed and her head back as she skims her hot pussy lips, excruciatingly slowly, from the tip of my cock down to my balls and back. Oh God! With her hard nipples continuing to tease my chest, it's almost like we're actually fucking! I push my cock up against her soggy lips as they slide up and down, again and again, from my balls to the tip, smearing her hot pussy juice along the way.

Lowering her chest against mine, mom lets her pussy lips linger at the head of my cock, not moving. Shoving her tongue in my mouth and snaking it urgently around mine, she presses her tits down hard against my chest. With a roll of her hips, my cock head slips between her lips and she pushes her body down engulfing the entire length of my cock in her velvety furnace. Oh Fuck! I'm inside her! My cock is inside my mother's pussy! Neither of us moves as our tongues continue their ferocious onslaught.

"I wanted you, Nick." Mom whispers, as she pulls her tongue from my mouth and looks directly into my eyes. "I wanted you inside me. That's all I've thought about all weekend." When she starts moving, it's like I've never been fucked by anyone before.

My mom's hips are rotating in a circular fashion while she slowly raises and lowers herself on my cock. Her plush pussy walls are molded around my hard cock, pulsating pleasure through every pore. Sitting up she continues to rotate her hips, grinding her pussy down around my cock.

"Oh my God, mom!" I moan. "You are amazing!" Reaching behind her she slips her hand between my legs and cups my balls, massaging them as she rides my cock. I've never felt anything like this! I am awestruck! I just lay there, staring at my sexy mother riding my cock until she grabs my hands and presses them against her tits. I rub my palms in a circular motion around her hard nipples and squeeze her soft tits.

"Oh, Nick! Squeeze my tits harder! Pinch my nipples!" She instructs, as she rolls her hips back and forth, sliding my hard cock in and out of her burning pussy. I respond like in a dream, doing as I'm told, kneading her gorgeous tits and pinching her hard nipples, as she clenches and unclenches her pussy muscles around my cock. I feel her hot juices running down my balls, which she continues to caress with her hand. She keeps rolling her hips in a rippling motion over my cock as I pinch and twist her erect nipples. I'm a full participant now, matching her rhythm and thrusting my cock deeper inside her enflamed pussy.

Letting go of my balls and picking up her speed, she starts riding me harder and faster. I'm bucking wildly on the bed pushing my cock into her pussy while she bounces up and down, rolling her clit against me and leaning her hands against my shoulders. I move one hand between her legs and find her clit with my thumb, massaging it in a circular motion. She rides me to a frenzied orgasm that has her moaning and screaming my name.

"Nick! Oh Nick! I'm cumming! Nick! Cum with me, Nick! Cum inside me!" She yells, riding wave after wave of pleasure, as I shoot my load deep inside her quivering pussy. She collapses on my chest and we lay there, gasping for air as we try to catch our breath. My head is spinning! I actually fucked my mother! No, she fucked me! Un-fucking-believable!

Cradling her head against my chest and running my hand up and down her back, I think back to the suggestions I gave mom, trying to make sense of this. I remember telling her that she would get aroused when we're touching and when she's helping me with my sexual tension. Oh fuck! Now I remember! I told her that when she's aroused, it would seem natural for her to turn to me for release. That must be it! She got horny and my suggestion overpowered any other form of release. Well, whatever it was, it was incredible.

"I love you, mom." I say softly, kissing her on her forehead.

"I love you, too, Nick." She whispers, turning her lips to mine and kissing me gently. "I don't know what came over me." She says, "I couldn't wait for you to get home."

"I'm glad." I tell her. "You are an amazing lover, mom. It's never felt like that with anyone."

"Mmmm. Thanks." She says dreamily. "You're no slouch, yourself." She says, settling her head back down on my chest. We fall asleep like that, mom's head on my chest and my cock still inside her pussy. I dream about a threesome with mom and Susan that matches the video scene mom likes.

We oversleep Monday morning and are so rushed there is no time to talk. I hope mom isn't feeling guilty about what happened. She doesn't seem to be, but we're in such a hurry, it's hard to tell. Mom drops me at school, kisses me on the cheek and drives off to work.

I run into Miss Edwards in the hallway as I'm walking to my second period class. She hesitates, looks around and then approaches me. She looks scrumptious in a tight black skirt and white blouse with blue stripes that curve around her full breasts.

"Nick." She calls me. "Can I see you during your lunch today?" She asks nervously, shifting from one foot to the other.

"Sure, Miss Edwards." I tell her, wondering where this will lead. "Do you want me to come to your classroom?" Her face flushes as I walk close to her, grazing her arm with my hand.

"That, um, would be fine, Nick." She says, her quickening breath causing her tits to swell, pushing the stripes on her blouse out even farther.

"Okay, see you then." I tell her, walking down the hall, smiling. I wonder how she's going to handle what happened on Friday.

Miss Edwards is sitting at her desk when I arrive and she invites me to sit in the chair next to it. When I get close to her, the suggestion takes over and she becomes obviously aroused. Her nipples are pushing out against her blouse and she's rubbing her legs together.

"What did you want to see me about, Miss Edwards?" I ask innocently.

"Nick, I wanted to talk about Friday afternoon." She says, her face flush from the arousal emanating through her body. "Um, tell me what you thought of it, Nick." She asks.

"Miss Edwards, that was the most erotic afternoon of my life." I tell her, excitedly. "The things you and your boyfriend..." She cuts me off.

"Then we did... you were in the..." Miss Edwards puts her hands over her face in anguish. "I was hoping I'd imagined it. What could have ever possessed me to do such a thing?" She's crying.

"Miss Edwards." I say, trying to console her. "It was amazing!"

"It was wrong!" She yells, pulling her hands away from her face and looking at me. "You're a student, a minor, it should never have happened. It's illegal, unethical and immoral!"

"I'm eighteen, Miss Edwards." I tell her.

"Okay, so it's only unethical and immoral!" She says, sobbing.

"No one knows." I tell her. "And no one is going to know."

"I know!" She tells me. "I'll have to quit my job. That's it. I'm not fit to be here. I can't be trusted around high school boys. I've always known my passions were a little out there, but I never thought I'd ever do anything like this!" She buries her head in her hands, crying.

Oh fuck! What have I done? Miss Edwards can't quit her job because of me. This is exactly the kind of thing Nicole was worried about! I'm going to have to fix this. I pull the transmitter out of my pocket and put the ear buds in while Miss Edwards has her eyes covered. Dialing in her frequency, I push the button.

"Miss Edwards." I say. "Sit up and dry your eyes."

"Okay." She says, responding immediately.

"Miss Edwards, who else knows about me being here on Friday?" I ask her.

"No one, as far as I know, unless you've told someone." She says in that familiar expressionless tone.

"Forgetting about the immoral, unethical aspects of it, how did you feel sexually about what happened?" I ask, wondering if I misread her on Friday.

"It was the most thrilling sex I've ever had." She answers. "Knowing you were in the closet, watching Kevin spank me and tie me up, gave me the most intense orgasm ever." My cock stirs as I listen to Miss Edwards talk about her orgasm. As she sits there dry-eyed, talking to me, her erect nipples still pushing against the fabric of her blouse, I remember the image of her sexy body tied across her desk as Kevin fucked her. I know I should just tell her to forget I was there and leave her alone from now on, but my rock hard cock has other plans for Miss Edwards. Never one to deprive my cock, I decide to try a trigger on Miss Edwards, like I did with Nicole.

"Miss Edwards." I say. "I was not there Friday night. You imagined I was in the closet to create more excitement in your role-play. You will no longer get aroused just by being close to me." As I say this, her nipples actually recede back into her blouse. "You will not remember asking me to come here at lunch time or that I was here." Now, I need to create a trigger that allows me to temporarily change all that.

"When I place my hand on your arm and say 'Miss Edwards I need your help', you will become immediately aroused, shed all inhibitions and become my private sexual tutor. You will teach me exactly what to do to satisfy your unique sexual passions. When I say, 'Miss Edwards, thanks for your help.' You will forget everything that happened and believe that you spent the time helping with my writing assignments. Each time you become my sexual tutor, you will remember what we've done before and what you've taught me. Do you understand?"

"Yes." She answers, flatly.

"What are you doing after school today?" I ask, my cock bulging in my pants.

"I'm staying here, grading tests for two hours and then Kevin is picking me up." She answers. Perfect, my first lesson will be today. I leave her classroom, pushing the transmitter button as I'm closing the door.

At the end of my English class, I linger behind until everyone leaves. Miss Edwards looks up as I approach her desk.

"Hello, Nick." She says, smiling. "What can I do for you?"

"Well, you know that writing competition?" She nods as I sit in the chair next to her desk. Touching her arm, I use the trigger, "Miss Edwards, I need your help."

"Well, let's not waste any time, Nick." She says, excitedly, pushing her chair back and unbuttoning her blouse. "Lock the doors, Nick, and cover the windows." Wow! I race to the doors and do what she asks. When I turn around, Miss Edwards already has her blouse and bra off and is unzipping her skirt. Her tits are perfect, round globes with thick pink nipples that appear to be fully erect. I start to undress but Miss Edwards stops me.

"Wait, Nick. Don't get undressed yet." She says, grabbing her keys from her handbag. "Here. Go next door to the teacher's lounge and get a cup of ice cubes. I'm going to teach you how to really tease a woman. There shouldn't be anyone there, but if there is just tell him or her the ice is for me." I run next door, unlock the teachers' lounge and thankfully there is no one there. I fill a Styrofoam cup with ice cubes from the refrigerator. When I return, Miss Edwards is completely naked. My eyes are locked on her firm, round ass cheeks, as she moves around her desk, clearing everything off. My cock is straining against my zipper as I take the cup of ice to Miss Edwards.

"Good!" She says, sitting it on the desk. "Today, you're going to learn how to drive a woman crazy with ice cubes. Go ahead and take off your clothes, Nick." I do as she says, while she continues to explain what we're going to be doing. "You'll tie me to the desktop, face up and then use the ice cubes on my tits to make my nipples hard." She scoots her ass up on the desk, dangling her legs over the edge while she waits for me to finish undressing.

"Use one of my nylons to tie my wrists together." She instructs, holding her hands out for me. My hard cock bumps against her knee as I make the knot. "I'm glad you're excited about this, Nick. So am I." She says, laughing. "Good. Now loop the other nylon around this one and tie it to the bottom of the desk." She says, lying back on the desk with her arms over her head. I go around the desk and tie her arms so she can't lift them off the desk.

"Grab an ice cube, Nick, and rub it over my nipples and watch what happens." Her nipple looks pretty hard already when I put the ice cube on it.

"Oh yeah!" Miss Edwards says, gritting her teeth against the cold. As I rub the ice cube all over her hard nipple, it actually gets thicker and harder. "The other one too!" She pants. "Don't forget the other one. In fact, get two ice cubes Nick and do them at the same time." My cock is rock hard as I tease Miss Edwards' tits with the ice cubes. "Now pinch them while they're cold and hard." I pinch her tits and twist them a little.

"Oh fuck yes!" She says as I pull on her hard, cold nipples. "Here's the real essence of this lesson, Nick. I can't tell you exactly what to do; you have to use your imagination and watch how I respond. If I tell you everything, I might as well do it myself. A big part of the arousal is in not knowing what's coming next, whether you'll use the ice cube again or your mouth or whatever. You need to randomly alternate using the ice cube with pinching, biting, sucking, etc. It's like with your writing project; I can give you ideas, but you have to provide the creativity. Do you see what I mean?"

"Yes, Miss Edwards." I tell her as I'm again using the ice cubes on her nipples. "I believe I do."

"And, Nick, don't limit yourself to my tits." She says, smiling. "My whole body needs to be teased like that. Just watch for the signals, including how wet my pussy gets." Oh fuck! I immediately shift my gaze to her nearly bald pussy, imagining how I'll use the ice cubes on her protruding pussy lips. Her thin strip of black hair is neatly trimmed and her thick pussy lips are already glistening with moisture.

"Mmmm." Miss Edwards moans as I bite her left nipple and press the ice cube against her right one. I keep the ice cube in my palm as I move my hand down under her tit, fondling her soft flesh and pressing the ice cube into it. "The trick, Nick, is to keep surprising me with new sensations." She says, as I switch tits and suckle the left one and fondle the right one. When her nipples are so hard that they look sore, I start running the ice cube between her tits and down to her navel.

Walking around to the end of the desk, I position myself between her legs, my cock pointing straight at her wet pussy. Spreading her legs, I rub ice cubes up and down her inner thighs.

"Oh fuck! That's cold!" She yells, trying to close her legs, but I don't let her. I pull up her desk chair and sit between her legs, bringing the ice cubes closer and closer to her pussy lips. I savor my first close look at her aroused pussy lips, on her nearly hairless pussy. She's oozing juice as I press the ice cubes against the outside of her pussy lips and slide my tongue between them.

"Oh fuck! Yes! Eat me, Nick!" Miss Edwards pants. One of the ice cubes has melted to about a third of its original size and I push it inside her pussy with my finger. Wrapping my mouth around her pussy lips, I suck the melting ice cube and pussy juices back out. I hold the ice cube in my cheek while I lap up her juices and then push it back inside her pussy with my tongue.

"What are you doing? Oh Fuck!" She yells, pushing her pussy against my tongue, and then pulling back when she feels the cold ice cube. I continue to eat her delectable pussy while using a fresh ice cube on her mound, running it up and down her racing stripe of pussy hair. As it melts, the ice water runs down around her pussy and into the crack in her ass. Who would believe that I'm sitting here, pushing ice cubes into Miss Edwards' pussy, while I'm sucking on her juices? The ice cube I'm using on her mound is getting smaller. I push it deep into her pussy, pull it back out and then stand up and reach my hand up to drop it into her mouth. 


"Mmmmm!" Miss Edwards sucks the pussy flavored ice cube, as I return my tongue to her burning snatch. There is one ice cube left in the cup and I know exactly what to do with it. Pumping my tongue as far into her pussy as I can, I press the last ice cube against her clit.

"Oh fuck you, Nick! You're freezing my clit!" She yells as she squirms around trying to get away from it to no avail. "Oh god! That's cold!" She yells. Pulling my tongue from her pussy, I put the ice cube in my mouth and suck her clit in with it.

"Oh my God! Suck my clit! Oh fuck! That's cold!" She doesn't know what to do with the dual sensation of having her clit sucked on with the ice cube in my mouth. I pop the ice cube out of my mouth into my hand and as I return my mouth to her clit, I rub the ice cube down past her pussy lips and push it into her ass with my finger.

"Oh fuck! I'm cumming!" Miss Edwards yells. I keep my lips locked around her clit, flicking my tongue across it. With one finger in her ass, holding the ice cube inside, I use my other hand to shove two fingers inside her pussy. Squirming and thrashing around on the table, Miss Edwards erupts with a flow of pussy juice running down my fingers and my chin. I pump my fingers in and out of her gushing pussy while I continue to suck on her clit.

"Oh, enough!" She breathes as her chest heaves and her ass settles down. "I release her clit and begin lapping up her sweet nectar.

"You're a fast learner, Nick." She says as I stand up and position my cock against her pussy lips. "I came really hard!" She has her head back and her eyes closed as I thrust forward, driving my hard cock into her slippery, wet, channel up to my balls.

"Oh God!" She yells as her eyes pop open and I start pumping my cock in and out of her soggy pussy. "Yes! Fuck me, Nick! Fuck me hard!" She's trying to move her hips with the rhythm of my cock, but with her legs dangling over the edge of the desk, she has no leverage.

"My nipples, Nick!" She yells. "Pinch my nipples! Squeeze them hard!" I reach up to her bouncing tits and catch her nipples, squeezing them hard.

"Harder, Nick!" She pants. "Squeeze them harder, pull on them! Make it hurt!" Remembering how Kevin really pulled and twisted them, I yank hard on her nipples, twisting them back and forth.

It overtakes me so suddenly, I can't hold back; her scent, her smell, her moans, and the vision of her tied to her desk, I erupt, jerking violently against her fiery pussy. I release her tits, as my spasms diminish. I pull my spent cock from her soggy hole, knowing she didn't climax. Walking around to the side of the desk, I turn her face toward me and push my cock against her mouth.

"Clean me up, Miss Edwards." I command, as I reach down cupping her mound with my hand and running my thumb over her clit.

"Mmmmm!" She moans, sucking my flaccid cock into her mouth. I slip three fingers into her anxious pussy while moving my thumb in circular motions over her clit. Her mouth is working magic on my cock as her tongue snakes around it licking the sides and sucking off her juices. As my cock stiffens, I start pumping it in and out, fucking her warm mouth, while continuing to finger fuck her pussy and massage her clit. Reaching over, I grab a handful of tit and squeeze and twist her entire breast in my hand.

"Mmphh!" She moans around my cock, as I do the same thing to her other tit. Pulling my fully recovered cock from her mouth, and moving back to the end of the desk, I slam it hard into her drenched pussy, keeping my thumb on her clit.

"Oh fuck! Yes! Nick! YES!" She yells, trying to close her legs as her orgasm hits her. I push her legs farther apart as her pussy muscles try to clamp down on my cock. I just keep pounding into her like a jackhammer, as I reach up and maul her tits, pinching, twisting, and squeezing her nipples all the way through her orgasm.

"Ohh! Ohh! Ohh! Agghhhhhh!" She wheezing as I keep up my ferocious onslaught on her pussy and her tits. I'm getting close to cumming again. I pull hard on her nipples, stretching them out from her blotchy tits and slam my cock hard against her saturated pussy.

"Ohh! Yes! Oh Fuck! Nick!" She yells as I bury my cock to my balls, shooting my load deep inside her burning snatch. This time I let her tighten her quivering pussy around my cock, as her whole body trembles through another orgasmic wave of pleasure. Her chest is heaving and she can't seem to get her breath, as I disengage my cock and stumble back onto her desk chair.

Grabbing some tissues, I push them between her pussy lips to keep our combined juices from dripping on the floor. Walking around to the other end of the desk and untying her hands, I impulsively lean down and kiss her lips, pushing my tongue into her mouth. Her arms encircle my neck and she returns the kiss with the ardency of an impassioned lover.

"You are an excellent student, Nick!" Miss Edwards says as she sits up and hops off the table. Watching her tits bouncing up and down arouses my spent cock. "You were creative with the ice cube; even surprising me a couple of times. You were also sensitive enough to realize I still needed more of your cock after you came the first time." She's on her tiptoes, reaching her arms around my neck. "You'll be learning spankings in no time!" She says, just before slipping her tongue in my mouth. Her hard nipples are pressed against my rib cage and my semi-aroused cock is pushing into her stomach. I bend down, cupping my hands around her ass cheeks and pulling her more tightly against me as we continue to trade tongues.

"That's enough for today, Nick." Miss Edwards says, stepping back and looking around for her clothes. "Time to get dressed." Miss Edwards has a little trouble with her nylons, but we manage to put ourselves back together fairly well.

"Miss Edwards, thanks for your help." I say, triggering her to forget everything that just happened.

"Your welcome, Nick." She answers, squirming around on the chair and adjusting her clothing. I guess it wasn't back as neatly as I thought. "See you tomorrow."

"Yeah, bye." I call to her from the door. As I'm leaving, I run into Kevin, who's there to pick her up. I just smile and keep walking.

I get home at the same time as my mom and we walk in the house together. As soon as she closes the door, mom surprises me with a French kiss, sinking her tongue deeply inside my mouth. With one hand around my neck and the other on my ass, she pulls me tightly against her, grinding her pussy against my cock. I guess this answers my question about how mom feels about last night.

"Mmm? New girlfriend?" Mom asks, pulling her head back and licking her lips. Oh fuck! I forgot I have Miss Edwards, taste in my mouth. How stupid!

"I'm sorry, mom. I should have brushed my teeth." I stammer, while mom smiles at me, mischievously.

It's okay, Nick." Mom laughs. "It's just surprised me, that's all. I actually don't mind the taste, it's um..." She trails off as she walks into her bedroom, lost in thought. I grab the transmitter and follow her into the bedroom, dialing in her frequency. She's hanging up her blouse and unzipping her skirt.

"Mom."

"Yes, Nick." She answers in a dull monotone voice.

"What were you thinking about just now, after you said you don't mind the taste?" I ask her.

"I was thinking about how long it's been since I've tasted another woman's flavor." She answers, standing still with her skirt half off. She's wearing another of her thongs and matching bra.

"You can continue changing while we talk, mom." I tell her and she immediately finishes removing her skirt and takes off her bra. "How do you feel about that?" I ask, adding, "Tasting another woman, I mean." I'm admiring her lovely tits as she contemplates her answer.

"It's intriguing." She answers, pulling a long t-shirt over her head. "Tasting another woman's pussy on your tongue surprised me in two ways. One, because I wasn't expecting it, and two, I was surprised by how much I really liked it." You can imagine what I'm thinking! I've got to get mom together with Susan while she's home this weekend.

"Mom, you will remember how much you enjoyed the taste of pussy juice on my tongue, but you won't care or ask about how it got there or who's it is." I continue with the suggestions. "The next time I eat your pussy, you'll fantasize about eating pussy yourself. Because it's your son eating your pussy, you'll naturally fantasize about eating your daughter's pussy. You'll wonder what it would be like to be in a threesome with Susan and I, living out the erotic sex scenes from your videos. This will seem like a natural outgrowth of our relationship and you will feel no guilt or shame if it happens." I decide to leave it like that and let her develop the idea.

Turning off the transmitter, I decide to give mom another taste just for good measure. Wrapping my arms around her, I squeeze her bare ass cheeks, while slipping my tongue in her mouth. She responds passionately, sucking on my tongue and running her hands up and down my back. Mom sucks the remaining taste of Miss Edwards off my tongue, and then jerks her head back and starts frantically undoing my pants.

"Does your cock taste like that, too?" She asks anxiously, yanking my pants and jockey shorts down. I kick off my shoes and step out of my pants, realizing she's right; my cock will taste like Miss Edwards' pussy. Mom is on her knees, rubbing my cock against her cheeks and deliriously breathing in Miss Edwards' scent. Slamming my hard cock up against my stomach, mom starts lustfully licking my balls.

"Mmmm." Mom moans, licking and sucking my balls. "Her taste is everywhere." She whispers excitedly, licking around the base of my cock. Her warm tongue feels amazing as she meticulously licks all around, searching for traces of Miss Edwards' juice. By the time she licks up the length of my throbbing cock, I'm oozing precum.

"Mom, can we do this on the bed?" I ask, panting as she licks up and down my shaft.

"Yes, yes, of course." She says, standing up and hurriedly pulling her t-shirt over her head. I remove my shirt and lay back on the bed as mom's stripping off her thong. She crawls up on the bed, between my legs, her hard nipples brushing my thighs as she lowers her head.

"Mom, why don't you swing your body around so I can eat you at the same time?" I ask, thinking how much stronger my suggestion will be if she's tasting pussy juice when I eat her.

"Oh yes!" Mom says twisting her body around and positioning her eager pussy over my mouth. I lick up and down her lips, before plunging my tongue into her soaking wet hole. "Mmmm." Mom moans as she devours my cock. I'm sucking and nibbling at her pussy lips and lapping up her heavy flow of juices, while she takes the entire length of my cock into her mouth and throat.

Mom is grinding her pussy against my tongue, as it pistons in and out of her soppy hole. She picks up speed as she bobs her head up and down, pumping my hard cock in and out of her mouth. Wrapping my hands around her ass cheeks, I pull her clit to my mouth and suck it in between my lips.

"Mmmm" Mom moans around my cock, creating a vibrating sensation on my sensitive shaft. I hump my ass off the bed, thrusting my cock deeper into her warm, wet mouth.

With my lips around her clit and my nose brushing against her wet pussy lips, she pushes down hard, smothering my face under her quivering pussy. Tensing her legs, her trembling orgasm releases a flood of juices all over my face. I hungrily lap up her thick cream while she pulls her mouth off my throbbing cock to catch her breath.

Flipping her body around, she pushes her tongue inside my mouth, while sliding her fiery pussy lips around my hard cock. Clamping her pussy muscles around my rigid shaft, she sucks her juices off my tongue and then attacks my face, eagerly lapping up her own taste. Aching for release, I try to pump my cock into her clenched pussy, but she is totally absorbed with cleaning her own juices off my cheeks and chin. Wow! That last suggestion has her totally fixated on the taste of pussy. That'll be great this weekend, but right now I really need her riding my cock!

She pushes her tongue back inside my mouth, swirling it around for any residue of pussy juice. Having satisfied herself that she has it all, she sits up and starts riding my cock like a wild woman, bouncing and slamming her pussy down around me. I've never seen my mother so out of control; she's pinching her nipples, twisting them and stretching them out from her jiggling tits. My cock, already throbbing from the blowjob is ready for release and I tense my legs, pushing my ass off the bed, as my balls constrict.

"Mom, I'm cumming!" I yell just as her pussy grips my cock and she pushes down hard against me. I clench my ass cheeks and erupt inside her pulsating pussy, jerkily shooting load after load of hot cum. Her whole body is trembling as she collapses on my chest, her hard nipples pushing into me. We're both gasping for breath as my hands again find her ass cheeks, holding her tightly against me. Her head is on my shoulder and her lips lightly brush my cheek as her breathing returns to normal.

"Thank you, Nick. I needed that." She says, raising her head and kissing me firmly on the mouth.

"Now, I have to make dinner." She smiles, lifting herself off of me, her firm tits dragging across my chest.

"Susan is coming home this weekend." Mom says, as I watch her get up and pull her t-shirt over her head. "I don't know if we should sleep together while she's here, Nick. I'm not sure she'll understand." Interesting, I guess she really has been thinking about Susan.

"I guess you're right, mom." Is all I say.

Later in the week, I get a message from Susan. "Hey little brother, I e-mailed you my flight information. Who's picking me up at the airport? Please say it's you... not mom. I bought a new outfit, I can't wait to see your reaction... and I mean SEE your reaction! See you Saturday. Bye."

When I check my e-mail for Susan's itinerary, there is one from Nicole, too. She's anxious to meet my sister and suggests that she could come up this weekend. The idea of Nicole and Susan together is intriguing, but not this weekend. I write back that I'd love for her and Susan to meet, but mom has this weekend all planned. We'll do it next time, for sure. I e-mail Susan that I will pick her up at the airport. I'm still not sure what suggestion to give Susan about mom.

The rest of the week goes by fast; I don't even bother, Miss Edwards for any more help because mom and I are fucking like rabbits every night. On Friday night, after a particularly intense, sweat-inducing ride, mom collapses on my chest breathing hard.

"Wow!" She whispers, "I'm going to miss sleeping with you tomorrow night, Nick. I've gotten addicted to orgasms." Mom laughs. "I've never needed sex so much in my life." She says, running her fingers over my cheek. "Nor have I had a young man as virile as you to satisfy me."

"The pleasure is all mine." I tell her, squeezing her firm ass cheek.

"Not all of it." She says, dreamily, squeezing her pussy muscles around my spent cock and snuggling her head into my shoulders.

Saturday morning, after a quick, good morning fuck, I convince mom that she should sleep in while I pick up Susan from the airport. I'm waiting in the lounge area when I spot her coming down the corridor. I'm not the only one looking at her. Every guy is gawking and every woman is glaring as Susan's ass swishes and her tits bounce inside her flimsy dress. One guy almost trips over a young child, because he's looking back at Susan instead of where he's going. An older gentleman walking next to her, has his eyes glued to her cleavage and two guys behind her are trying not to let their wives see them checking out her ass. I don't blame them; her outfit leaves little to the imagination. I can't believe she got on a plane like that.

She's wearing a short beige dress that clings to her body, riding high on her shapely thighs as she walks. The top crisscrosses between her breasts, displaying the rounded tops and inside curves of her tanned tits. It's obvious she's not wearing a bra and her nipples are readily apparent, sticking out like bullets through her thin dress.

"Hi" She says, wrapping her arm around my neck and molding her body to mine as she kisses me on the lips. I squeeze her ass cheek as I return her kiss, pulling her tightly against my hardening cock.

"Jesus, Susan, every guy on the plane must have a bulge in his pants, if not a wet spot." I say, looking her up and down.

"There's only one bulge I'm interested in." She says, looking approvingly at the front of my jeans. "But I must admit, old teasing habits are hard to break and it was a turn-on for every guy to be leering at me and adjusting their crotches."

"You're lucky their wives didn't gang up on you." I laugh, taking her overnight case and walking with my arm around her waist.

"Thanks for picking me up by yourself." She says, leaning into me as we walk. "I don't think mom would approve of my outfit, do you?" I've let my hand slide down from her waist to her hip without feeling any panty line.

"You're not wearing anything but that dress, are you?" I ask, my cock hardening more at the idea of Susan sitting on a plane with just her short, flimsy dress on.

"Now that you mention it, I may have forgotten underwear." She laughs, as we arrive at the parking deck and I put her case in the car. I start to walk around to the driver's door but Susan grabs my arm.

"Not so fast, Nick." She says, pulling me between the cars and wrapping her arms around my neck. "You haven't officially welcomed me home yet." She says, pulling me to her and pushing her tongue in my mouth. I slide my hands down her back and cup her ass cheeks, pulling her pussy tightly against my hard cock, kissing her feverishly. Susan has one hand behind my neck pulling my mouth hard against hers as our tongues dance around each other. Her other hand is kneading my ass while she grinds her pussy against me.

Susan lifts one leg off the ground and rubs it up and down my thigh, while I reach my hand around her leg and slip it under the hem of her short dress. Squeezing her bare ass cheeks, I manage to slip one finger into her wet pussy and finger fuck her while I grind my rigid cock against her pussy mound. Susan pulls her face from mine and squats down, unfastening my pants to free my raging hard-on. I look around to make sure no one can see us, but she's gotten me so hard that I don't think I care at this point.

We're in the middle of the parking deck with cars all around us. Susan pulls my pants and my jockey shorts down to my knees and my cock springs free. Wrapping her hand around it, she sucks the head into her mouth, licking all around it.

"Oh fuck!" I moan. "That feels so good." I'm trying to push more of my cock in her mouth, but Susan has a firm grip on it and is just sucking the head. I've got my eyes closed and my hands on the back of her head as I try to get a rhythm going in her mouth. Susan abruptly releases my cock and stands up.

"I'll taste your cum later, little brother." Susan says, turning around and facing away from me. "Right now, I need you to fuck me." She says, spreading her legs apart, bending over and leaning one hand on each of the adjacent car fenders. Her skirt rides half way up her ass, exposing her creamy white cheeks and wet pussy lips. I push her dress up to the middle of her back and take a last look around to make sure we're alone.

"You are such a slut, sis." I tease, smacking her hard across her gorgeous ass.

"Hey! What the fuck was that for?" She yells, just before I thrust my hard cock deep inside her in one stroke. "Mmmmm" Susan moans, pushing back against me. I grab her hips with my hands and start ramming my cock in and out of her slippery pussy.



"Oh yes! Fuck me, Nick!" Susan yells, "Fuck me hard!" I'm pounding into her like a jackhammer. It feels so good to be fucking my sister and slamming up against her firm, round ass. Add to that the thrill of doing it in broad daylight, in the middle of an airport parking deck, and I'm almost ready to shoot my load.

"God you feel so good, Susan!" I pant. "I'm not going to last much longer." I tell her, trying to slow the pace a little. Susan removes one hand from the car fender and reaches between her legs.

Looking around, I'm startled to see a young, twenty-something couple standing in the next aisle watching us. The woman is in front of the man, leaning against him. He's got his arms wrapped around her body with one hand cupping her pussy mound through her shorts and the other massaging her tits. She has her head against his chest and is humping her pussy against his hand, as they watch us fuck. Seeing me looking at them, they both smile and she manages a little wave as he slides his hand inside the waistband of her loose fitting shorts.

"We have an audience." I tell Susan as I continue to slow my rhythm.

"I'm almost there! Just ignore them and keep fucking me." She says. "Don't slow down!" Her arm is moving frantically as I pound into her faster and faster. "I'm cumming!" She yells, just as I slam deep into her, shooting my load in quick, spasmodic motions. Susan clenches her pussy around my cock, and her legs shake as she gushes hot cream around my cock, soaking my balls. I look at the other couple and the woman seems to have hit her orgasm too. Throwing her head back and closing her eyes, her whole body trembles against him and it looks like he's holding her up so she won't fall.

We stay like that, our chests heaving. Susan has both hands back on the car fenders as she gasps for breath. Susan looks up, spotting our audience, as the woman pulls her companion's hand from her shorts and sucks his fingers into her mouth. Both give us a little wave and then walk away down the aisle.

"Jesus, it's getting so you can't get any privacy anymore!" Susan laughs as she wiggles her skirt down over her hips. "You have any tissues in your car, Nick?" She asks, opening the door.

"You'll never guess what happened last week." I tell Susan as we're driving home. "I accidentally saw mom masturbating to a porn video." I tell her, anxious for her reaction.

"You what?" She says, turning toward me with astonishment on her face.

"I came home early from Nicole's last week and mom was in her bedroom, lying on her bed naked, watching porn, with a vibrator in her pussy." I tell her.

"Oh my god!" Susan says disgustedly. "What did you do?" Susan asks.

"I watched her from the hallway; she didn't see me." I answer. "She looked really hot with the vibrator moving in and out of her."

"Nick, that's disgusting!" Susan exclaims. "You are really sick, watching your own mother like that!" This isn't the reaction I was hoping for.

"What?" I ask. "Watching your mother is sick, but fucking your own brother, isn't?" I guess I've been living in a fantasy world thinking Susan would accept what mom and I have been doing as normal behavior.

"Maybe that's sick, too." She says quietly, sitting back in the seat. "I just can't help myself, Nick." She says reaching over and putting her hand on my thigh. This isn't going at all like I wanted it to. I know mom has been thinking about Susan's pussy and I'm pretty sure she's ready to make a move. Susan needs to be ready to respond to her. I try another tactic.

"You don't think mom has a great body and has kept herself in shape?" I ask Susan

"I've never thought about it." She says. "She's our mother, Nick. You just don't think that way about your mother." She's says softly, rubbing her hand on my leg.

"When we get home, forget she's our mother and just look at her like a woman. See if you can understand why I say she's hot, okay?" I ask, thinking that I'm going to have to use the transmitter to get Susan to come around.

"I don't think it's right; you watching mom masturbate, but I'll look at her and tell you what I think." Susan concedes. I decide to wait and see what happens. We've got all weekend.

Mom greets us at the door wearing tight shorts and a thin tank top, which barely contains her bouncing tits. Susan glances at me as mom embraces her, pressing her body against Susan's and kissing her on the cheek. Mom holds the embrace, pressing her tits against Susan's and running her hands up and down her back.

"Welcome home, sweetie." Mom says, finally stepping back, her erect nipples poking out the material of her tank top. "Wow! What a dress!" Mom says, making Susan blush. "You must have had every man on that plane crossing his legs." Mom laughs turning back into the house. Her shorts stretch tightly across her firm ass cheeks as she walks ahead of us.

"I guess." Susan responds, hesitantly, raising her eyebrows questioningly at me. I nod at mom's ass and raise my eyebrows back at her.

"What happened to mom while I've been gone?" Susan whispers.

"What do you mean?" I whisper back, knowing exactly what she means.

"She's different." Susan whispers again, checking out mom's ass swishing through the door. "Sexier." She confides. "She just walks around like that when you're home?" She asks.

"Look who's talking." I answer, looking her up and down. "Who was the tease last month?" I ask.

"That was different." She asserts. "I was just... oh no!" She puts her hand to her mouth. "You don't think mom has the same latent sexual desires about you, do you?"

"I don't know." I answer. "It was you she was rubbing her tits against just now. Did you notice how hard her nipples were when she stopped?" I ask Susan, just before we walk in the house.

"Who's hungry?" Mom yells from the kitchen. "I'm making sandwiches." I turn Susan towards me and kiss her on the mouth, while I squeeze her ass checks. She slips her tongue briefly in and out of my mouth and rubs her hand over my hardening cock.

"Don't you think she looks sexy?" I whisper, giving her ass another squeeze.

"I'm going to change." She says, walking down the hall. "I'll have a sandwich, mom." She yells towards the kitchen.

"I'll help you." I whisper, following Susan down the hall.

"No you won't!" She turns and puts her palms against my chest, pushing me back down the hall. "Go help mom with the sandwiches, I'll be right there." She insists.

"Need any help?" I ask walking into the kitchen. Mom is spreading mayonnaise on six slices of bread as I walk up behind her. Wrapping my arms around her and rubbing my hard cock between her ass cheeks, I cup her firm tits, running my thumbs over her hard nipples.

"Mmmm." Mom says, pushing back against me. "Be careful." She whispers. "Where's your sister?"

"In her room, changing." I answer and mom spins around returning my embrace.

"Here." Mom says, handing me the knife. "Finish making the sandwiches, Nick." Kissing me on the lips she adds, "Maybe tonight after Susan's asleep..." Her voice trails off as she slips her hand inside the waistband of my shorts and massages my hard cock. She is grinding her pussy against my leg, like a dog in heat. Mom is clearly aroused and when she's aroused, she turns to me for release, just like I suggested with the transmitter.

"Listen for your sister." Mom says, as she unfastens my shorts and pulls my jockey shorts out over my hard cock. "I'm only going to do this if you keep making the sandwiches." She laughs, dropping to her knees and sucking my hard cock in her mouth. She stops suddenly and looks up at me, with a shocked look on her face. Oh God! How could I forget that I just fucked Susan at the airport?

"This is very fresh tasting." Mom says, licking all up and down my cock. "You either stopped somewhere on the way to the airport or..." Mom hesitates, her eyes locked on mine as she again wraps her lips around my cock. Sucking fast and furious, mom pumps my pussy-flavored cock in and out of her mouth.

"Is this your sister's taste?" Mom asks, panting excitedly, taking a breath before attacking my hard cock again. I hear Susan's bedroom door open and I jump back, pulling my shorts up and struggling to fasten them around my hard, throbbing cock. Mom stands up, licking her lips and finishes making the sandwiches, without taking her eyes from mine.

Susan has changed into shorts and a t-shirt, with no bra. My eyes bounce back and forth between the two women standing on either side of me in the kitchen. Both women are aware of the bulge my cock is making in my pants, as I watch their tits jiggle around under their thin tops.

"Here you go." I say handing Susan a sandwich and some potato chips. Our kitchen table has two chairs on each side. I sit next to Susan and mom sits across from me. My mom and my sister are two of the sexiest women I've ever seen and I'm the lucky bastard who gets to fuck them both! God! I want to be sandwiched between these two women in mom's bed this weekend! As I try to figure out what suggestion to give Susan to make it happen, mom is asking Susan all about college. I'm lost in revelry of my imagination when something mom says gets my attention.

"We were always half-naked when I was in college" My mom says, I have no idea within what context she's talking.

"What?" Susan asks, as I look across the table and see a big smile on mom's face.

"No matter what we decided to do, it always ended up with someone shedding some clothes." Mom says, "We'd play strip poker, strip backgammon, hell we even played strip monopoly once." Mom laughs. "You can't tell me that with the new co-ed dorms, that things are that different from when I was in college. Are you saying that you and Sherrie never get involved in anything like that?" Mom asks. Susan is blushing, but her nipples appear to be more prominent than they were a few minutes ago.

"Well..." Susan starts to answer.

"Oh, it's alright." Mom says. "You don't have to tell your mother everything. Talking with you about college just kind of brought some of that back to me. Sort of reminiscing." Mom sighs, and I try not to stare at her hard nipples poking out the thin material of her tank top. Susan has her hand in my lap and is running her fingers up and down the front of my shorts."

"It's just embarrassing to discuss something like that with your mother." Susan says as she squeezes my cock through my shorts.

"I don't know what's to be embarrassed about" Mom says, staring at Susan's hard nipples. "But hey, what happens in college, stays in college, right?"

"I will tell you that Sherrie and I have had a few exciting adventures." Susan says, squeezing my hard cock for emphasis on the word exciting. "But nothing I'd want my mother to know about." She laughs. Susan's nipples are jutting straight out from her t-shirt, as she continues to massage my cock under the table. Mom's nipples are still hard and very noticeable under her thin tank top.

"It's okay, hon." Mom smiles. "I shouldn't pry into your life. I'm just interested, that's all." It's clear to me that mom is very interested in Susan in ways that Susan can't imagine. I've got to figure out a way to help that along.

"Tell me the truth, sis." I say, when mom leaves to go to the bathroom. "Don't you think mom's body is very sexy?" We're still sitting at the table and Susan is still rubbing my hard cock through my shorts.

"Okay, she does have a very nice body and her hard nipples are a little distracting." Susan admits. "But she's still our mother!" Susan says, letting go of my throbbing cock when she stands up to clear the table.

"And I'm your brother, but we've discovered that incest isn't all that bad, haven't we?" I ask, reaching around her from behind and cupping her tits, while I rub my hard cock against her ass.

"Yes, but..." Susan sighs. "I don't know." She says, turning the water on to rinse the plates.

"I want to see mom's sexy body again, Susan, and I need your help to do it." I say, cautiously.

"Me? What do you want me to do?" Susan asks, turning to face me, bumping her leg against the tent in the front of my shorts.

"Let's play a game of strip something, like mom did in college." I say, excitedly. "We'll tell mom that we want to help her relive a little of her college days." I look Susan's in the eyes. "Please! Just do this for me." I plead. "I'll make it worth your while." I smile, pulling her to me and grinding my hard cock against her pussy mound, while I squeeze her ass cheeks. "Besides, this is just family, it's not like you're fucking in front of strangers in a parking lot." I laugh, reminding her of her exhibitionism this morning.

"You're right." Susan laughs. "Okay, if you can get her to do it, I'll go along." Susan says, kissing me on the lips. She turns to finish rinsing the dishes as mom walks back into the room. Eyeing my hard cock and looking at Susan's firm ass, mom stands in the doorway smiling.

"Hey, mom." I move toward her. "How would you like to relive a little of your college days with Susan and I this afternoon?" I say, winking at her. Susan still has her back to us and I brush my hands over mom's hard nipples.

"What do you mean?" Mom asks, running her fingers lightly over the bulge in my pants.

"Well, how about if we play a game of strip something, like you did in college? What kind of games did you play?" I ask, not giving her time to answer the first question.

"We played everything, just whatever games were popular at the time, we just added the twist of removing clothing if you lost." She says, clearly excited about this. She drops her hands to her side as Susan turns around.

"We could play Uno." Susan says. "Whoever has the most points left in their hand at the end of each round has to remove something." She looks down at herself and says. "Hey! I'm only wearing three things!" She looks up at mom and I.

"Looks to me like we're all starting even." I say, as if it's already been decided. "We each have a shirt, shorts and underwear - I presume." I say smiling at Susan.

"Yes, I have underwear on, smarty." She says sarcastically.

"I'll get the Uno game." Mom says, leaving the room.

"I hope you know what you're doing." Susan whispers. "This is weird!"

"Trust me!" I tell her, squeezing her luscious tits. "You'll have a great time."

"You better be in my room tonight after mom goes to sleep!" She whispers, just before mom comes back. I foresee a real challenge tonight, trying to be in both bedrooms. Nice problem to have, though.

"We'll play in the living room, on the floor. "Mom says. "We always liked sitting cross legged on the floor rather than hiding behind a table." Mom smiles. The three of us sit in a circle on the floor, cross-legged while mom deals the cards. The first hand goes pretty quickly, after several skips and draws twos; I lose and take off my shirt.

"Okay! Let's see if we can get those shorts!" Susan exclaims as she deals the second hand. Mom loses this one and takes off her shirt, proudly displaying her firm, round tits. Susan stares at mom's rigid, rose-colored nipples, poking out from her large, dark areolas, while I shuffle the cards for another hand. Mom is smiling while she watches Susan stare at her naked tits. Susan looks up and quickly glances away when she sees mom has caught her staring.

"It's okay, hon." Mom says, patting Susan on the leg. "I'm not embarrassed to have you see my body. I'm quite proud of how I look for my age." Mom says, smiling at Susan.

"You, um, look terrific, mom." Susan stutters. "I just didn't mean to stare, that's all." Susan looks down as she picks up her cards. My cock is tenting the front of my shorts from watching Susan check out mom's bare tits. This is getting exciting.

Mom and I gang up on Susan; playing draw twos, draw fours and skips. When Mom finally calls Uno and goes out, Susan has a handful of cards. Standing up, she surprises us by taking off her shorts. Her t-shirt is so long, that even with her shorts off, she doesn't reveal anything.

"Hey, that's not fair." I laugh. "You should have taken your top off." I was looking forward to mom's reaction when she sees Susan's perfect tits."

"I didn't hear any rules that said what I had to take off." Susan smiles as mom shuffles the cards for another round. Mom winks at me and we both go after Susan again, but the cards are in her favor and mom loses this round. Mom stands up and pulls her shorts down, revealing a light blue thong.

"Wow, mom." Susan says. "A thong, very sexy!" She's watching mom's pussy as she sits back down. Mom is clearly turned on by the erotic game and the small triangle stretched across mom's pussy is very wet, making it almost transparent. I catch Susan eyeing mom's pussy lips, puffed out against the thin material.

I lose this hand and remove my shorts, leaving me in just my jockey shorts. No one has to guess whether I'm enjoying the game; my cock is making a white tent out of the front of my jockeys. Both Susan and Mom smile as I sit back down.

Mom and I really go after Susan during this next hand and after several wild draw fours, she has a fist full of cards. I go out and Susan stands up to remove another piece of clothing. Again she surprises us by reaching under her long t-shirt and pulling a black thong down her legs. Kicking the thong to the side, she smiles and sits back down, her t-shirt tucked between her legs, revealing nothing.

"You really know how to play this, don't you?" Mom asks, while she shuffles the cards. We're each down to one piece of clothing; mom has her thong, I have my jockey shorts and Susan has her t-shirt. I smile as I pick up my cards and see all the skips and draw twos.

"I've never done anything like this before." Susan giggles. "I'm just lucky I decided to put on a long t-shirt instead of a tank top." She smiles looking at mom's tits again. After several reverses that allow me to drop the draw twos and skips on Susan, mom goes out and Susan and I count our points.

"Eighty-two." She says, looking at me anxiously.

"Eighty." I exclaim, throwing down my cards. "Take it off, sis. Let's finally see your body." I'm so excited; I act like I've never seen it before. I watch mom for her reaction.

Susan stands up, looks from me to mom and back to me. Hesitantly, she grabs the bottom of her t-shirt and pulls it up. Mom sighs at the sight of Susan's naked, hairless pussy.

"Oh, honey." Mom sighs. "That's beautiful." Mom breathes. "You're so smooth." Mom is squirming around as Susan pulls the t-shirt the rest of the way over her head. When Susan has the t-shirt around her head and can't see us, mom winks at me, smiling with a look of pure lust in her eyes. Susan stands there for a minute, tossing her t-shirt on the floor next to her shorts and thong. Mom's eyes keep shifting between Susan's perfect tits, with their hard, thick nipples and her smooth, bald pussy.

"Am I still in the game?" Susan asks, still standing, giving us a great view of her puffy slit.

"YES!" We cry out in unison. "You have to play until we see who wins." Mom says, looking at the spike in the front of my jockey shorts. "You seem to be enjoying the game, Nick." Mom says, laughingly. When Susan sits down, cross-legged, her pussy lips open slightly, exposing her moist, pink pussy.

"God! I can't believe I'm just sitting here, exposing myself to my mom and my brother." Susan says, self-consciously.

"You were fine with it a minute ago, when we were exposing ourselves to you." Mom says, smiling. "It's your deal, Susan. Let's see who gets defrocked next." Susan shuffles the cards, while mom continues to stare at her sexy body. Susan's thick nipples are clearly aroused; sticking straight out from her perfectly centered reddish-brown areolas. Mom is watching Susan's large tit's jiggle as she deals the cards.



"What happens if I lose?" Susan asks, suspiciously.

"Then one of us will have gone out and the other person has to remove their last item of clothing." Mom says, and then, leans over and whispers something to Susan. Susan smiles, nodding as she finishes dealing the cards. I figure they're ready to gang up on me. At this point, I don't really care who wins. I'm already winning by sitting here with my naked sister and nearly naked mom. I'm also competitive, and want to see mom get completely naked in front of Susan.

It's an intense hand, but I finally call Uno and go out.

"I won!" I yell, as mom stands up and pulls her wet thong down her shapely legs. My cock is throbbing inside my jockey shorts and I watch Susan admiring mom's neatly trimmed bush and protruding pussy lips. My mom and my sister are both naked, staring at each other. I notice mom give Susan a slight nod and I'm wondering what it could mean, when they both pounce on me.

"You're going to lose those jockey shorts." Mom says, as she sprawls across my chest, pinning me to the floor, her tits pushing against my chest. They're both giggling like schoolgirls, as Susan reaches her hands inside the waistband of my briefs, trying to tug them down. Mom is holding my arms, pressing her hard nipples firmly against my chest while Susan's keeps struggling with my jockey shorts.

"Ow!" I yell, as Susan yanks on my waistband, which is caught around the head of my hard cock.

"Ooops! Sorry!" Susan says, lifting the waistband to release my throbbing cock. Mom is looking at me laughing, as she lies sideways across my chest, keeping me from moving. I wiggle one hand lose and slip it between mom's legs, stroking her soaking wet pussy lips. Susan, oblivious to what I'm doing and knowing mom can't see what she's doing, quietly slips her lips around my hard cock, sucking the head into her mouth. After a few quick sucks, flicking her tongue across the underside of my cock, Susan pulls her head back and finishes removing my jockey shorts.

"Okay, mom." Susan says, flicking my jockey shorts across the room. "He's as naked as we are, now." I remove my finger from mom's pussy lips just as she's starting to hump against my hand. Pushing myself up into a sitting position tumbles mom onto her ass on the floor. All three of us are sitting on the floor, naked, panting, wondering what happens next. Susan seems the most uncomfortable by the fact that we're all sitting around naked. Mom and I both know what's going on. I think mom notices Susan's discomfort and attempts to diffuse it.

"Susan, who does your waxing?" Mom asks, nonchalantly.

"Sherrie and I do each other." She says, glancing at her own hairless mound.

"It looks divine. Do you think I should do mine?" Mom asks, spreading her legs and waiting for Susan's response. Susan stares at mom's wide-open pussy, so wet it's almost dripping. She licks her lips and clears her throat before she answers.

"I think you'd love it, mom." Susan says enthusiastically. "Do you want me to do it? We could get a waxing kit and I'd do it for you." Susan has clearly warmed up to the idea.

"Umm. Let me think about it." Mom says. "Can I get a closer look at yours, honey?" Mom asks quietly.

"Sure." Susan says, scooting closer to mom and spreading her legs so mom can get a good look at her smooth mound. Mom rests one hand on Susan's thigh and runs her other hand over her hairless mound.

"It's very smooth." Mom whispers. "How often do you have to wax?" My cock is throbbing, as I watch mom run her hands over Susan's porcelain smooth pussy mound.

"At first we did it once a month, but now we're doing it about every two months." Susan answers, her breathing labored as mom strokes her hand up and down her pussy mound. "It grows back thinner each time and you can go longer between waxings."

"Did it hurt?" Mom asks. "I've had bikini waxes, but I've always been afraid to have those strips torn off so close like this."

"I won't lie to you, mom." Susan says, spreading her legs wider as mom's hand caresses her pussy mound. "It really hurt the first time I got the full Brazilian wax, but only for the moment. There wasn't any lasting pain or anything. And I love the way it feels. Mmmmm." Susan says as mom's fingers get closer to her puffed pussy lips.

"It feels incredible." Mom says. "Very sexy." Susan is raising her hips off the floor, trying to position her pussy lips against mom's hand. Mom is very subtle, keeping her hand moving on Susan's smooth, hairless mound. Abruptly, mom stops. Scooting back from Susan's inflamed pussy, she stands up.

"Let's do it!" Mom declares, smiling. "I'll take a shower and then we can go get a waxing kit. What do you say?" Mom asks Susan.

"Sure!" Susan answers. "I'll jump in the shower right after you." Susan says, excitedly. "We'll leave junior here to have dinner ready for us when we get back." Susan says, laughing.

"Fine." I say. "As long as you don't mind hot dogs and chips." Mom's tits hang teasingly in front of Susan's face as she leans down to kiss her on the forehead.

"Thank you both for a wonderful afternoon." Mom says, her rigid nipples dangling inches from Susan's mouth. "I haven't had this much fun in a long time!" Standing back up, her pussy is now at Susan's eye level and Susan is staring wide-eyed at mom's neatly trimmed bush. Looking over at me, mom winks and then takes her time gathering up her clothes, bending provocatively to give Susan a great view of her firm ass cheeks and moist pussy lips.

"I told you she was sexy." I say, after mom has left the room. I'm sitting with my back against the recliner, smiling at my very aroused sister. Susan just sits there dumbfounded, her eyes dropping to my rigid cock, sticking straight at her from between my legs. Susan doesn't move until she hears the shower running.

"Oh my god!" Susan exclaims, crawling towards me on the floor. "That was so weird!" She says as she pushes me down on my back on the floor. "Mom got me so fucking hot without really doing anything." Susan says, straddling my legs and sliding her pussy up over my hard cock. "I can't believe she's going to let me wax her pussy." Susan says, slipping my cock head between her soggy pussy lips, she drops down hard, engulfing my throbbing cock in her hot, liquid chasm.

"Ohhhhhhh!" Susan cries as she rocks back and forth on my rigid cock. I push my hips up against her, feeling the heat from her steamy pussy, as I match her rhythm. Catching her bouncing tits in my hands, I knead her soft flesh and pull on her hard, thick nipples.

"Oh god!" Susan moans. "Oh fuck!" She is frantically riding my cock, rolling her hips back and slamming her clit down against my pelvic bone. We're both so aroused from the afternoon activities that we peak in no time at all. Thrusting my hips up to drive my cock deeper into her fiery cunt, I'm on the verge of exploding when she clamps her pussy down around my cock. With her head thrown back and a vice-like grip on my throbbing cock, she shakes and shivers through an intense orgasm. I let loose, shooting streams of hot cum deep inside her quivering pussy.

I hear the shower stop as Susan collapses on my chest, gasping for breath. I wrap my arms around her, kissing the top of her head as her cheek lies against my chest.

"I really thought she was going to touch my pussy." Susan says into my chest. "I wanted her to touch me." She says quietly.

"I know." I say, rubbing my hand up and down her back. "It was very erotic watching you two."

"But she's still our mother, Nick!" Susan says, lifting her head and looking me in the eyes. "I still don't think it's right." I'm obviously going to have to use the transmitter to remove her guilt and clear a path for a threesome. I'll wait until they get back from their shopping trip.

"I better get in the shower." Susan says, lifting herself up, leaving me soaked in our combined juices when my cock slips from her pussy. "You could use one yourself." Susan laughs as she heads for the bathroom. I lie there thinking about what suggestions I should give Susan to remove her guilt and make her more open to a sexual relationship with mom. I'm still contemplating it when mom comes down the hall, combing out her wet hair. She's wearing a different pair of shorts and another tank top, this time with a bra under it.

"Mmmm." Mom says, when she sees me stretched out on the floor naked. Glancing at the bathroom door and hearing the shower running, mom comes over and kneels between my legs. "Did you fuck your sister again while I was in the shower?" Mom asks, lustfully, lowering her head toward my pussy-drenched cock.

"Yeah. She pretty much attacked me, after how hot you made her playing with her bald pussy mound." I answer, smiling at her. Mom is licking all over my cock and my balls, savoring Susan's pussy flavoring. When she has licked Susan's juices from my balls and around my cock, she sucks my flaccid tool into her mouth, licking up and down the sides of my quickly recovering shaft.

"Mmmm." Mom moans around my hardening cock. "She tastes exquisite." Mom says, taking a breath from sucking my cock. "I can't wait to taste it first hand." She laughs. "Not that I mind this method, it's just not the same." The shower stops and mom sits up. "I guess you'll have to wait until later for the rest of this." Mom says, running her hand up and down my saliva coated cock. "I don't think Susan's ready to deal with it yet." She smiles, bending forward and kissing the head of my cock, before standing up and continuing to comb out her hair.

I take a shower while mom and Susan are shopping, then fall asleep dreaming about the impending threesome that I hope we'll share later.

I awake to the sounds of talking and laughing. Sitting up on the edge of my bed, still naked from my shower, I head toward the bathroom without bothering to get dressed. They're in mom's room and when I'm done in the bathroom, I join them.

"Hey." I say, as I enter mom's bedroom. "You started without me." Mom is lying on the bed, naked with some old sheets under her so the wax won't get on the bedspread. She's holding her legs in the air, spread wide apart and Susan is sitting next to her rolling the hot wax around her pussy lips.

"We couldn't wait for you sleepyhead." Mom says. "Susan's already trimmed my hair short and waxed all around my ass. If we'd waited for you, we'd never get done. Oww!" Mom yells as Susan pulls the thin strip off, yanking out the hair by the roots. I sit on the other side of mom to watch. Susan looks at me quizzically, probably wondering why I should even be here watching her wax mom's pussy.

I watch as Susan grips mom's pussy lip between her thumb and her fingers and tries to pull it to the side. Mom's lips are so wet that Susan's fingers keep slipping off.

"I'd be enjoying this." Mom says. "If I didn't know you're just doing it to rip my hair out." Mom laughs. I watch mom's tits rise and fall as she breathes. She didn't have to get completely naked for Susan to wax her, but I guess she thought it would move things along. Susan, on the other hand, is completely dressed.

"Jesus, mom." Susan laughs. "You are so wet, I can't even get a grip." Susan says, inserting three fingers into mom's pussy and using her thumb to stretch mom's pussy lips across her hand.

"Mmmm." Mom says, involuntarily pushing up against Susan's hand. Mom's nipples are rock hard and her pussy is oozing juice. "That's not doing anything to curb the flow of juices." Mom says, as Susan rolls the wax along the outer edge of mom's pussy lip. I cringe as she applies the thin strip to the gooey wax. I watch mom's face as she balances the pleasure of Susan's fingers in her pussy with the anticipation of the pain of the waxing. Mom sees me and reaches for my hand, squeezing it between her fingers, as Susan expertly rips the strip off, keeping her fingers close to mom's flesh.

"Oh fuck!" Mom yells, as the tearing sound fills the room. The side of mom's pussy is bright red where the hair has been removed.

"I'm sorry, mom." Susan says, gripping her other pussy lip in the same fashion. "This is the worst part. Once we're done around the labia, it's not so bad." Turning to me, she says. "Nick, get me a towel for my fingers, will you. They're soaking wet." She laughs.

The intoxicating aroma of mom's juices is thick in the air and the affect isn't lost on Susan. Stepping into the bathroom to get a towel, I glance back and see Susan turn her head away from mom and quickly suck her fingers into her mouth. I'm smiling broadly as Susan notices me and quickly pulls her hand away. Blushing, she gives me a shrug, as if I'm making too big a deal of her tasting mom's pussy juice.

"Do you still need this?" I ask, handing her the towel.

"Yes, smarty!" Susan says, wiping the rest of mom's juices on the towel. I take mom's hand as Susan rips the hair from the other side of her pussy.

"Agghh!" Mom screams, squeezing my hand. Her chest is heaving and I want to take one of her hard nipples in my mouth and suck on it. My cock is hard from watching Susan manipulate mom's saturated pussy. Mom's bright red pussy looks sore and I realize that pussy waxing isn't as erotic as I envisioned. Looking at my sister, I notice that her face is flush, she's breathing rapidly and her hard nipples are visible through her blouse and her bra. Maybe she is finding this erotic after all.

After a couple more rips alongside mom's pussy lips, Susan tells mom to lower her legs, but keep them spread apart as she goes to work on her mound. Susan glances at my hard-on and smiles as she rolls the wax in neat strips across mom's trimmed bush. It looks like she has cut the hair very close and she's waxing in strips up and down mom's mound. Mom winces with each rip of the waxing strip, but at least she isn't crying out. When Susan has waxed completely across, she begins rolling the wax across mom's mound the other way.

"What are you doing now?" I ask, watching her wax the same area she's just completed.

"You have to do it both directions to make sure you get all the hair." Susan explains. "Otherwise she'll have stubbles." There isn't much noise as she rips the strip off this time. She must have gotten most of the hair the first time. I lie down next to mom and put my face next to hers, my hard cock pointing at Susan.

"You doing okay?" I ask her. "Are you sorry you agreed to this?"

"I'm doing better, now that the worst is over." Mom says, turning her head to smile at me. "Your sister really knows what she's doing. I just hope it looks good, after all of this!"

"Oh, it looks great!" Susan exclaims, maybe a little to exuberantly. "You're going to love how it looks and feels." Susan says, continuing to work on mom's mound. She looks over my hard cock and frowns; she doesn't seem comfortable with mom and I lying next to each other naked.

"There! All finished!" Susan cries, reaching for a bottle from the waxing kit. "This will help soothe it." She tells mom, pouring some kind of oil on her hands. Starting with her mound, Susan massages the oil into mom's enflamed skin.

"Mmmm." Mom moans. "That feels very nice. I'll give you an hour to stop that." Mom laughs, lifting her legs and spreading them apart so Susan can rub the oil around her pussy. Susan is sliding her oily hands over mom's ass and up alongside of her pussy lips, still dripping with mom's juices.

"Susan, when you and Sherrie do this, do either of you get this aroused?" Mom asks. "Because I'm trying to imagine how embarrassing it would be to have this done at a spa." Mom says, rocking her pussy against Susan's oily hands.

"Well, um, uh." Susan stammers, looking over at me. I just smile. "No, not really. I mean, you know, if someone is rubbing you with oily hands, you know, um, no, it's..."

"It's okay, sweetie." Mom says. "I wasn't trying to pry. I really just wondered if this reaction was normal." Mom is smiling reassuringly at Susan.

"Yeah, well, pretty much, I guess." Susan says, capping up the bottle of massage oil. "All done, see what you think." Susan says, getting off the bed and putting the waxing kit on mom's vanity. Mom reaches down and rubs her hand over her smooth mound and down around her pussy lips.

"Oooo." Mom says. "Pretty sexy, huh?" Smiling at Susan and I, mom stands up and walks over to her full-length mirror. "Wow! Nothing hidden, is there?" Mom says, looking at her bare pussy lips hanging down between her legs. My cock is standing at attention as I imagine myself lapping up the juices from between those beautiful lips.

"You look great mom." Susan says, backing out of the room. "I'll just go wash the oil off my hands." She says, quickly leaving the bedroom.

"Let me feel." I whisper, hurrying over behind mom and reaching around her body, my hard cock bumping against her ass cheeks. "Does it still hurt?" I ask, running my hands over her smooth skin and slipping a finger between her soggy pussy lips.

"Mmmm." Mom says, leaning back against me. "Not much. The only ache I have now, you can take care of later." Mom sighs. "Why don't you go make sure your sister is alright?" Mom says, pulling away from me. "I think she's very aroused and very conflicted about her feelings right now."

"Sure." I tell mom. "I think you're right. I'll see what I can do." Leaving mom's room, I stop by mine and get the transmitter. Tuning in Susan's frequency as I open her door, I push the button.

"Susan?" I say, entering her room. She's just sitting on the edge of her bed.

"Yes." She says in transmitter monotone style.

"How did you feel while you were waxing mom's pussy?" I ask.

"It was very erotic." She answers, flatly. "It was just like with me and Sherrie. I wanted to lean down and lick mom's wet pussy so badly, but I knew it would be so wrong."

"Susan, you will feel no guilt about your sexual attraction to mom. You will regard it as a natural expression of your love for her and be as comfortable with her as you are with Sherrie." I hesitate, thinking of what else to say. "You will also regard mom's sexual relationship with me as normal and willingly participate in a threesome with mom and me. You will..."

"What the fuck are you talking about?" Susan asks, looking at me incredulously. Oh fuck! I look at the transmitter. It's lost power. How could I not realize that the transmitter would need some kind of recharging?

"Your sexual relationship with mom?" Susan asks. "Are you telling me that you're fucking mom?" Susan is looking at me with a shocked, wide-eyed expression on her face. "And what the fuck is that?" Susan asks pointing to the transmitter.

"Oh, um, just an old mp3 player a friend of mine gave me. I'm trying to get it to work." I answer, lamely.

"You're working on an mp3 player, while you tell me you're fucking our mother and you want to fuck us together?" Susan asks, a disbelieving look on her face. She turns and looks at my naked body, shaking her head.

"You really are fucking mom?" Susan asks, her voice quieter. I sit down next to her on the bed, putting my arm around her. She's still fully clothed and I'm still naked. My cock's battery seems to have died with the transmitter's demise.

"It just happened." I tell her, wondering if she got any of the suggestion, before the transmitter died. "Mom is a very sexy woman." I say, starting to explain, "Since dad left, she's been really lonely, too."

"She is very sexy." Susan says. "I wouldn't mind..." Susan nuzzles against me, absently running her fingers up and down my leg and across my flaccid cock. Lifting her hand to her face, she sniffs her fingers. "I can still smell her on my fingers." She says, holding them under my nose. "I got so wet, Nick."

"When you were waxing her?" I ask. Maybe some of the suggestion got through. "Didn't you just want to dive in and eat her?" I ask.


"Yeah." Susan sighs. "I wonder why I didn't." Susan asks. "She sure seemed willing and it's not like me to be shy." She laughs.

"Mom is still in there admiring the great wax job you did." I reassure her. "You just said you were going to wash your hands. You didn't say you weren't coming back."

"I can't believe you've been fucking mom and didn't tell me." Susan says, giving a little tug on my recovering cock. "You're a naughty boy, fucking your mother and your sister." She laughs, getting up and moving towards the door with me following her. "Okay, let's go." She says, walking into mom's bedroom. Mom is still standing in front of the mirror, turning and looking at her newly smooth pussy mound from different angles.

"It's beautiful, mom." Susan says, embracing her and kissing her face. "I'm sorry I ran out like that. I, um, uh..."

"Don't worry, dear." Mom says, running her hands up and down Susan's back. "I'm sorry I embarrassed you asking you those questions. I guess I went too far."

"No! No, you didn't!" Susan insists, pulling mom's body more tightly against hers. "Not far enough, actually." Susan says, kissing mom's lips and pushing her tongue into her mouth. Mom eagerly responds, kissing her back and squeezing Susan's ass cheeks through her shorts. Standing in the doorway, I watch them grind their bodies together, while they hungrily devour each other's tongues. Obviously, the first part of the suggestion got through before the battery died. My cock is rock hard, as Susan slides her hand between them and starts mauling mom's tits.

"Mmmmm!" Mom says. "Yeah!" Breaking the kiss to give Susan better access to her breasts. Susan takes this opportunity to pull her own shirt over her head and unfasten her bra, tossing them both aside. Lowering her mouth to mom's right nipple and sucking it into her mouth, she kneads mom's tits with both hands. With her head back and her chest thrust out, Mom welcomes Susan's onslaught with a loud sigh.

Bending her head down to suckle mom's nipple, leaves Susan's tits hanging provocatively within reach. Mom grabs one in each hand, using her thumbs to further stimulate Susan's already hard nipples. I'm stroking my hard cock as I watch this incestuous porn show live in my mom's bedroom. Wow! As much as I want to participate, I'm fascinated by the incredible urgency with which they are attacking each other's body.

After sucking, squeezing and biting both of mom's tits, Susan hungrily shoves her tongue back in mom's mouth while, she gropes mom's smooth pubis before slipping her fingers into mom's wet pussy.

"Oh yes!" Mom moans, humping her pussy against Susan's fingers. "Oh, don't stop." Mom whines, as Susan pulls her fingers out of mom's pussy. Lifting her fingers to her lips, Susan sucks the pussy juice off of them one by one, never breaking eye contact with mom.

"Oh, baby." Mom coos, thrusting her own hand into the waistband of Susan's shorts, diving down for some of her syrupy taste. "You're very wet, dear." Mom says, dipping her finger between Susan's pussy lips and bringing it to her lips. Mom is smiling as she maintains eye contact with Susan.

Susan has her hand back between mom's legs before mom finishes licking her own fingers. Mom is fumbling with Susan's shorts, desperately tying to get at Susan's tasty pussy. She gets them unfastened and then yanks her shorts and thong down together. She runs her hands over Susan's smooth, hairless mound before again slipping her fingers between Susan's protruding pussy lips. Their pussy-flavored tongues are back in each other's mouth, as they stand next to the bed, finger fucking each other. The pussy juice sampling seems to have ignited a greater urgency in both women as they hump each other's hands, maul each other's tits and continue to kiss feverishly, moaning into each other's mouth.

Mom is pushing Susan backwards towards the bed, while they continue to assault each other's bodies with their hands. Susan's legs hit the bed and she tumbles backward, releasing her grip on mom. Mom pulls Susan's shorts and thong from around her ankles and pushes Susan's legs wide apart. Running first her hands and then her cheeks over Susan's hairless mound, before crawling up on the bed and stretching her body over Susan's. With her tongue back in Susan's mouth and her tits crushed against Susan's larger ones, mom grinds her oily mound against Susan's bald pussy.

I step closer, stroking my throbbing cock as I watch my sister and my mother mash their bodies together. Mom now takes her turn sucking Susan's large nipples into her mouth. Susan has her head back and her eyes closed, as mom suckles her breasts.

"Oh God!" Susan moans as mom shoves two fingers inside her sopping pussy. "That feels so good mom!" Susan cries, humping her ass off the bed, trying to push mom's fingers deeper into her burning hole. Mom licks her way down Susan's body, kneeling on the edge of the bed, and replacing her fingers with her tongue inside Susan's pussy. "Oh fuck yes!" Susan yells, pushing up against mom's mouth.

"Mmmm. Just as delicious as I knew you'd be." Mom says, licking her lips and looking over her shoulder at me. "I think I recognize the flavor, too!" Mom says, turning back to continue eating Susan's pussy. Susan is writhing around on the bed as mom slurps up her juices, but her eyes are wide open, staring at me.

My cock is aching as I survey the action on mom's bed, but I don't want to interrupt their first time together. I lean against the dresser and just watch.

"Mmmmm." Susan moans as mom's mouth works frantically on her clit. Susan is thrashing her hips all over the bed, pushing her pussy against mom's mouth and pulling at her own swollen nipples.

"Keep doing that, mom!" Susan yells, grabbing a handful of mom's hair and holding her head against her clit. "I'm cumming! Oh fuck!" Mom keeps her lips wrapped around Susan's clit, as Susan thrusts her ass off the bed, spasming through several waves of intense orgasmic pleasure.

"Aaaaggghhhh!" Susan moans, collapsing back on the bed and pushing mom's face away from her clit. Mom slides her tongue down between Susan's bald pussy lips, lapping up her creamy juices.

"You taste so good!" Mom says, kissing her way up Susan's body. "I could eat you all night." She says, nibbling on Susan's tits before sliding the rest of the way up and pushing her pussy-soaked tongue into Susan's mouth. They're grinding their bodies together and kissing fervently, while I continue leaning against the dresser, my hard cock sticking straight out in front of me.

"Now, which one of you is going to be the first to explore my newly waxed pussy?" Mom asks, rolling off of Susan and lying on her back with her legs spread. Susan looks at me and I shrug.

"You've never tasted her." I say, why don't you go first. Susan looks at me, incredulously, like she can't believe I've eaten mom's pussy, but she scoots down on the bed and runs her hands over mom's oily, bare mound.

"How does it feel?" She asks. "Sometimes when I'm first waxed, it's pretty tender." Susan explains.

"It is a little tender." Mom answers. "But not enough to prevent us from enjoying ourselves." She laughs. Susan kneels between mom's legs and hooks her arms behind her knees. Leaning forward, she pushes mom's legs in the air while lowering her mouth to her wide-open pussy.

"Oh yeah!" Mom yells. "Mmmmmm!" Mom looks over at me, smiling lustfully. I'm stroking my throbbing cock, as I watch my sexy sister bury her face in mom's anxious pussy. Mom's humping her ass against Susan's mouth, as loud slurping noises fill the room. I lie on the bed for a better view and watch Susan slide her mouth up to mom's clit.

"Oh fuck!" Mom moans. "Keep doing that. Oh my god!" Mom is humping her ass up like crazy, writhing all over the bed and moaning. Susan slips two fingers inside mom's inflamed pussy and starts pumping them in and out. My cock is aching, begging to be included in this, but I bide my time, watching Susan finger fuck mom's pussy and suck on her engorged clit.

"Ohhhhh! I'm cumming!" Mom cries, thrusting her pussy up against Susan's face and raising her shoulders off the bed. Mom's mouth is wide open, but no sound is coming out as her orgasm shakes through her body, jerking her violently around on the bed. She finally collapses on the bed, her chest heaving and her eyes closed. Susan hungrily laps up mom's generous flow of juices.

"Oh my!" Mom says, wrapping her hand around by swollen cock. "You really enjoyed watching us, didn't you, Nick?" Mom asks, stroking her hand up and down my rigid shaft as she catches her breath.

"Is Nick feeling left out?" Susan says, teasingly, lifting her head from mom's pussy. Susan shifts her body over and wraps her moist lips around the head of my cock.

"Oh fuck!" I groan, laying back on the bed while mom pumps my cock in and out of my sister's warm mouth. Mom rolls up on her side and slides her other hand under Susan's chin, cupping my balls and teasing them with her fingers. I'm pushing my ass off the bed, trying to get more of my cock into my sister's mouth when mom presses her lips against mine and slides her tongue in my mouth. Tasting my sister's pussy juice on my mother's tongue gives me a flash of the scene mom described from her video.

"Mom." I say, pulling back from her kiss. "Remember that scene from your video where two girls are seducing one guy?" I ask her.

"Yeah." She says, leaning forward to push her tongue back in my mouth. "That's what we're doing."

"I know, but what about your favorite scene." I ask, keeping my face back from hers.

"What favorite scene?" Susan asks, pulling her mouth off my throbbing cock. Mom still has her hands on both my cock and my balls; I can't believe I'm stopping them.

"Mom loves the scene where two women are riding one guy; one on his cock and one on his face and they are embracing and kissing each other." I explain to Susan.

"Awesome!" She exclaims, sitting up. "Which one do I get?" Susan asks, looking at mom. We're both looking at mom, waiting for her to choose.

"Well, I, um, that is, I don't care." Mom stutters, confused. I think she's trying to figure out how I know that's her favorite scene. I forgot that she told me that when she was under the influence of the transmitter.

"It's your choice, mom." Susan says. "If you don't have a preference, riding his cock might feel better on your sensitive skin than having him sucking on your pussy lips." Susan says. Mom has released my cock and it's standing straight up, waiting for them to decide.

"Alright! It's decided!" I say. "Come on, mom. I can't wait much longer." Susan has already moved up near my head and mom scoots down on the bed. Getting up on her knees, mom straddles my legs, then moves up positioning her slick pussy lips against my hard, throbbing cock.

"Oh god!" I moan, sliding my cock against mom's burning pussy lips. She slides back and forth a few times along the length of my shaft while Susan gets in position, facing mom. My sister's pussy is still dripping wet, as she settles over my mouth and I lick my tongue along her lips.

"Oh yeah!" Susan cries. "Eat my pussy, little brother." She says as she leans forward to embrace mom. Sliding her pussy up along my shaft, mom lets my cock head slip between her lips, and then thrusts her hips down, impaling herself fully on my anxious pole. With my hands under Susan's ass, and my thumbs pulling her cheeks apart, I suck on her thick pussy lips, while pushing my tongue between them.

Glancing to the side, I catch the reflection of our threesome in mom's full-length mirrored closet doors. Mom and Susan are mauling each other's tits while kissing and moaning into each other's mouths. Susan is pushing her pussy down against my face, while mom is bouncing up and down on my cock. I've been imagining this exact scene ever since mom told me about it, but nothing in my imagination prepared me for the awesomeness of the real thing.

Eating one gorgeous woman while fucking another would be more than enough to get any guy off, but when it's your mother riding your cock and your sister's hot pussy you're licking, it's indescribable! My sister's juices are flowing into my mouth and down my cheeks; her delicious taste and intoxicating aroma keep me driving my tongue deeper, creating more creamy sauce with each plunge. My mother, riding my cock for all she's worth, is slapping her ass down on my upper thighs at a frenetic pace.

I'm ready to explode! The built up pressure in my cock is swelling, my balls start to constrict and I'm humping my ass off the bed to meet my mother's frantic rhythm. I pull Susan's ass back, positioning her clit over my mouth and wrap my lips around it.

"Oh fuck!" Susan cries, gushing more of her delectable juices over my face. I suck on her clit, flicking my tongue across the tip. "Yes! Yes! Yes! Ohhhhhhhhhh!" Susan moans, crushing her thighs around my head as she rocks her fiery pussy against my face. Just when I think I can't hold out any longer, mom slams down hard, clenching her pussy walls around my throbbing cock.

"I'm cumming!" Mom yells, as my cock erupts inside her over-heated pussy. Our pent up juices collide, as her hot pussy spasms around my jerking cock. Susan is pulling her clit away from my mouth, flooding my face with her sweet pussy juice. I drink as much of her flowing sauce as I can, while Susan and Mom embrace in an impassioned kiss.

We did it! My mom, my sister and I, in an amazing threesome, all of us cumming together in an incestuous orgy of love, lust and blissful satisfaction! If I died right here, right now, I can't imagine that I would be missing anything that could compare with this moment. If there is a heaven on earth; this is it!

When I finally doze off, sandwiched between my sexy mother and my voluptuous sister, I remember the transmitter is dead. Drowsily, I wonder if I'll be able to get it recharged. I don't even know what kind of battery it uses. Even if I never get it working again, my mom and my sister are fully cooperative sexual partners and I still have the triggers on Nicole and Ms. Edwards. Life is good!

