Sibling Swap
bySpector_Dugan©

This is the most personal thing I've ever written for Lit. None of this actually happened. But some of it could have.

I could have broken the story into parts, but I felt like leaving it as an epic. So be aware. Also, quick warning, this one dips dangerously close to non-consent. Everyone is over 18 years of age.

*****

The whole idea was to keep us out of trouble.

1996 marked my parents' 25th anniversary. They wanted to take a week-long trip to celebrate, but they didn't want us kids along with them. That was fine. But my parents didn't want to leave my younger sister and I alone in the house, either. I was 19 at the time and Rachel was 18. Did we really need 24-hour supervision?

Our parents thought we did, so they arranged for us to spend the week with family friends. We'd known the Callahans pretty much from birth. We lived in the same tiny town and attended the same church. Our lives ran in the same little circles. Enough to make you dizzy with it. My younger sister, Rachel, was best friends with their daughter - a girl the same age as her, named Lindsay. Lindsay's older brother, Nick, was the same age as me, too. Nick and I got along fine, I guess.

Four teenagers - two girls and two boys. Cooped up together in the middle of summer with nothing to do. In a tiny house where we'd have to share bedrooms. Where the parents, both of whom worked long hours, were almost never home.

All this in the name of avoiding trouble.

*

My parents dropped us off at the Callahan's house with a wave and a few words. Don't cause any trouble. Andrew, take care of your sister. See you in a week. That sort of thing. Then Rachel and I dragged our bags up the driveway to the house.

The Callahan's home was built into the side of a steep hill with a driveway that was famous around town for being impossible to park in, let alone to shovel when it snowed. We tromped up, dragging our suitcases behind us like they were body bags.

I looked up at the house, expecting someone to come out and help, but no one did. Especially galling, I saw Lindsay and Nick were watching us from one of the bedroom windows as we struggled up to the front door. I couldn't help but keep my eyes on Lindsay. It's fair to say I had a bit of a crush on her.

Lindsay had light blonde hair, straight and thin, that she grew down to the middle of her back. She had an angular face with lips like pink lines, usually curled into a smile. Her body was just as skinny with breasts and a butt that looked like they'd been left behind when she'd hit puberty.

It was funny to me that my sister and Lindsay were best friends, because Rachel was almost the exact opposite of her blonde best friend. Rachel had brown, wavy hair that hung just past her shoulders. Long dark lashes and emerald eyes. But those weren't the things that most people noticed about her.

I hope I don't sound like a bad brother when I say that Rachel's body was the thing boy's dreams are made of. My sister had curves that seemed made for sex, especially her massive breasts. It was like the titty fairy had gone to Rachel's bedroom first, gotten tired, and decided that instead of going to Lindsay's she'd just hit Rachel double and call it good enough.

Not that I ever noticed such things on my sister. Certainly not.

Mr. and Mrs. Callahan were waiting for us at the doorway. They had similar close-cropped haircuts, dark hair with silver threaded through. Both wore blue sweaters and tan slacks. To me, they always seemed a little androgynous.

Very much the opposite of their children, I thought, as the siblings tromped down the stairs to greet us. Despite her lack of prominent features, Lindsay was an apex woman, with deep blue eyes and a face so beautiful it stunned most boys our age to silence. Her brother, Nick, was tall with tight brown curly hair. I knew a lot of the girls at school thought he was, like, to die for.

We'd been in their house plenty of times, but the whole Callahan family still showed us around like we were strangers. We finished the tour by going upstairs. Lindsay led Rachel to her bedroom while Nick took me next door to show me where I'd be sleeping in his.

The rooms were small and similar. They each had thick carpets, dark wood dressers, and little twin beds. What I noticed first, however, was what the rooms were missing: doors.

"We took them out," Mrs. Callahan said carefully.

"The doors," I said, feeling a bit stupid.

"Yes," Mr. Callahan said. I looked at both parents, waiting for an explanation, but no one said anything.

Finally Lindsay, using a voice that I believe was meant to be an imitation of her Mother's, said, "If we can see what you're up to, you can't get into trouble."

Well that made a certain amount of sense, I supposed. Though how any teenager could properly get along with so little privacy, I hadn't the slightest idea.

I went into Nick's room and started to unpack. I unrolled my sleeping bag on the floor near his bed. Carefully hung my clothes in his closet. As I did all this, I noticed another consequence of the missing doors: I could hear Rachel and Lindsay talking. I couldn't understand what they were saying, but still. It was like sitting across the room from them, rather than being in two separate ones.

"Walls are thin," Nick explained, then shrugged. Real talkative guy, that Nick. Explained why we had so little to say to each other.

*

We sat down to a dinner of overcooked noodles and canned tomato sauce. Nick, as expected, was nearly silent the whole time. Rachel and Lindsay seemed to be in on some secret and would only whisper to each other.

So, the Callahan parents lead most of the conversation. Pedantically - with small words and measured voices - they explained the ground rules for the week. Both parents would be working most of the time, so the four of us were left to our own devices for entertainment during the day. There was a TV room down the hall and we were free to use it if we liked. We could also play in the backyard - a space so tiny there was barely enough room to have a catch. They left money for us to order lunch. That was all.

Looking back, it seems odd to me that we ever listened. It's not like the Callahans could check on us while they were at work. We could have left in the morning, looted and pillaged every house in the neighborhood and - as long as we were back in the house by the time the parents returned from work - no one would have been the wiser.

I guess that says a lot about us at the time. Rachel and I had strict parents and we were used to obeying everything to the letter. It never occurred to us to do otherwise.

*

After dinner we all sat around the kitchen table and played Scrabble. I noticed Lindsay kept looking in my direction and smiling, nervously. I didn't mind it. Like I said, I kind of had a thing for my sister's friend. I didn't have a lot of experience with women. Mostly I just watched them from afar which, I know, does not endear you to them. Quite the opposite, sadly.

It was easier for me with Lindsay, probably because I'd known her for so long. She was almost like a sister to me - a sister I could plausibly fuck. So, unlike with Rachel, it was OK for me to fantasize about being with Lindsay. Not that I thought anything would actually ever happen outside the confines of my imagination.

Despite perving on my sister's friend, I still managed to eradicate everyone in Scrabble (I've always been good with words. My vocabulary is both voluminous and multifarious). My dominating victory won me a great honor: I got to put the game away while everyone else loped off to bed. As the family left, I noticed Rachel giving Lindsay a stern look. The tiny blonde nodded slowly, then stayed behind to help. That was my sister: always standing up for me.

We started packing up the game together. So close, I could smell Lindsay's strawberry shampoo. I got so distracted, I dumped a bunch of tiles on the ground. When I stood back up, letters in hand, Lindsay reached over and touched my bicep.

"Wow, you're looking really good, Andy," she said, "The girls must be all over you."

"Not really," I said. I had grown into my body more over the past year - filled out. Not that anyone except my sister had noticed until that moment. It was a sore spot and definitely something I didn't want to discuss with one of the girls I wanted to be all over me.

"Why not?" Lindsay asked, pouting a bit playfully.

"I, um. Well I kind of have trouble talking to girls," I said.

"You seem to be doing OK right now," Lindsay said. She smiled and squeezed my arm again.

"You're different," I said, meaning that in every way possible, "You're my sister's best friend. It's like I've known you forever."

"Does that mean you don't think I'm attractive?" Lindsay said. I noticed the way her blonde hair swung as she moved the tiles back into the box. How her little chest jiggled a bit with every sway.

"Oh no," I said, perhaps too eagerly, "You're... I mean. I think you're kind of amazing, Lindsay."

She smiled at me and tossed her hair. "And your sister, Rachel. What do you think of her? I mean, I know you guys are super close. Kind of like me and Nicky."

"Oh," I said, "I mean. Rachel's cute. I guess. She's my sister so I don't really think about it."

"That's too bad," Lindsay said and winked at me. Then she folded up the Scrabble board with a loud snap.

*

There was one bathroom for all four kids (Mr. and Mrs. Callahan had a private bathroom attached to the master bedroom, but we weren't allowed to even look in there), so we all took turns getting ready for bed. While I was brushing my teeth, my sister came in and started to wash up.

"Is this OK?" she asked, "I don't want to interrupt or anything."

"Of course, Rach, it's fine. No different than we do at home."

There were double sinks, so we were able to do our evening ablutions at the same time. I watched surreptitiously as my sister washed her hands. Brushed out her thick, brown hair. My sister really was gorgeous. I could admit that to myself, at least. Oh, Lindsay made me hot as hell, but my sister was a knockout with a heart shaped face, thick lips and large, expressive eyes. I knew I should keep my imagination in check about my sister, so instead I let it run wild with Lindsay. It seemed safer at the time.

"You settling in OK, Andrew?" Rachel asked, "I know you and Nick aren't best friends."

"I'm OK with Nick," I said.

"Good," Rachel said, "I know you get nervous with social stuff sometimes."

"Thanks for the advice, Ms. Outgoing," I said.

"It's different for me," Rachel said, "I know Lindsay. I trust her. I don't want things to be weird for you this week, that's all."

"Why would they be weird?"

Rachel started to speak, but then shrugged. She leaned over, kissed me on the cheek, then left the bathroom.

*

Nick and I went to bed with little more than a shared goodnight grunt. His parents glided by the open entryway, and then the house went dark.

I felt tired. My body told me I was exhausted. My legs ached for sleep. But the floor was hard - the sleeping bag felt thin and cold - and Nick made weird snorting noises in his sleep. I found myself staring at the ceiling, watching the hours roll by. Then I heard voices coming from the girls' room. As before, I could hear them talking, but understanding what they said was another story.

Careful to stay quiet, I rolled out of my sleeping bag and then crawled out to the hallway. I stayed low to the floor, imagining I was somehow more silent on all fours. The hallway was dark. The carpet scratched at my knees. I tilted my head toward the open doorway.

"... no, never..." That was my sister talking. I still couldn't make much out. I crawled out a bit further. Stood up and leaned back like I was some super spy in a tuxedo instead of a kid in his plaid pj pants. I couldn't see anything, but now I could hear quite clearly.

"I don't care what you think," Lindsay said, clearing her throat, "Your brother is soooooo hot."

Holy fuck! My breath caught in my throat while my cock nearly rocketed right out of my pants. I thought about busting in right then. I could only stand frozen in the hallway.

"He's my brother," Rachel said, "I don't get to have an opinion."

I pictured the both of them in sexy, see-through nighties, sitting on the floor and lightly touching each other while they talked. It was ludicrous - I knew Rachel's pajamas were heavy and all-covering and Lindsay's were similarly conservative - but I wasn't going to let that get in the way of a fun fantasy. The benefit of not being able to see: I could imagine whatever I wished.

"You can't tell me you don't notice," Lindsay said, "You're his sister, you're not blind. I mean, take Nick. You think he's cute, right?"

"Oh yes," Rachel said, "Everyone at school says so."

"You think I don't think about him sometimes? I mean, he's so tall and strong. And those big brown eyes. My big brother is definitely do-able. Don't you feel the same way about Andy?"

"I mean, Andrew's super cute. But 'do-able?' I don't know."

"Well I do know and I'm telling you, he is. What's his dick like? Is it awesome? I bet it's awesome."

"Lindsay! I don't... I've never looked or anything. Come on! Are you saying you've seen Nick's?"

"Hell yes I have. Like when he's getting dressed for school or whatever. This whole open door thing has its benefits."

I smiled to myself out in the hallway. It definitely did.

"And? What was it like?" I could hear the anticipation leaking into Rachel's voice. Sneaking out despite her best intentions.

"Well I don't have anything to compare it to," Lindsay said. "But it looked pretty nice. All purple and long with a big circumcised head. I bet Andy's is even better."

"I wouldn't know," Rachel said, primly, "Wait. The open door thing. Does that mean Nick's seen you..."

"Pfffffft. Like I've got anything to look at."

"Oh come on, Lindsay that's not true."

They started giving each other compliments. You're beautiful, no you're beautiful. That kind of thing. The urge to bust in and scream 'You're both beautiful!' It was almost too much for me. The conversation got more boring from there. Once I was no longer the lead topic, I wasn't all that interested. Eventually the girls got bored, as well, and settled down for sleep.

With nothing left to listen to, I decided I should try to do the same. I climbed into my sleeping bag but their whole conversation kept racing through my head and, worse, my erection was still pushing down my pant leg. If anything, it had somehow stiffened more since I got back to the bedroom. It was keeping me up and I didn't know exactly what to do about it.

Ordinarily I'd have just rubbed one out. But I wasn't alone. I was in the same room as Nick and if he so much as suspected I might be doing such a thing... The thought was almost enough to make my penis go back to flaccid.

So I forced myself to endure and, eventually, I guess I fell asleep.

*

When I woke up in the morning, Lindsay and Nick's parents were already gone. We got dressed and then had cereal downstairs in the kitchen. I kept looking over at Lindsay. Knowing what she'd said the night before, I couldn't help but be entranced.

But all the skinny blonde did was give me a dirty look and then go back to her cereal. Like I said, I didn't really get girls. I just figured that maybe she'd changed her mind. Or that it had all been idle chatter that meant nothing in reality. I don't know what I thought, honestly. My dick was harder than ever and there was my dream girl sitting across from me and I just knew my congenital shyness was going to screw me out of screwing around with her.

After we ate, we found ourselves staring at each other around the kitchen table, blankly. We had a week to kill and already, on the very first day, we'd run out of things to do.

"Let's watch a movie," Nick said.

We all decamped from the kitchen and walked back to the Callahan's family room. It was a new addition to the house, fairly obvious from the cleaner carpets and updated furniture. Against the far wall sat the biggest TV I'd ever seen in my life. A whole 42 inches - a big deal in those days.

My parents and the Callahans were pretty similar. That's why they were good friends. But there was one major difference between the two families: my father didn't like movies and hated TV. A good book was all my father ever asked for from life. Preferably something non-fiction about a war that occurred right before human beings invented the spear.

Mr. Callahan, on the other hand, was a movie fanatic. The family room was wall-to-wall films, all carefully organized and alphabetized. He had a few DVDs, but mostly it was still VHS. Video tapes. There were titles on the wall that I'd watched with Rachel and my family before, plus probably hundreds more I'd never even heard of. Suddenly, the next week became very clear and not at all undesirable. I was going to watch every movie I could for as long as possible. This was going to be awesome!

Rachel found a Disney movie she liked and suggested we watch that, but she was quickly overruled by the rest of us. Instead, Nick suggested we christen our newfound media freedom with something much racier: Terminator. I'd never seen it, but the bad-ass dude on the box was enough to convince me.

Nick started setting up the room for the movie - adjusting the television settings, powering up the sound system, etc. I went to sit down and I realized that the Callahans' movie room had one other odd quirk.

Rather than set up the seats so they faced the TV, the Callahans had two couches that ran lengthwise on either side of the room, so that you could lie down and face the television. Apparently, this was Mr. Callahan's preferred way of viewing his movies - recumbent with only his feet to block his view of the screen.

This was fine, I suppose, if you only had two people watching TV at a time. But it made for an awkward seating arrangement for the four of us.

"How do you do it?" I asked.

"Usually Dad watches these things by himself," Lindsay said and shrugged, "Mom doesn't really like movies. When Nick and I watch, we each take a couch."

"Andrew and I can sit on the floor, I guess," Rachel said.

"Nonsense," Lindsay said, "We can all sit next to each other on the couches."

"I'm not cuddling with Andrew," Nick said, face still buried in the VCR. Apparently setting up a movie in their house was only slightly less complicated than travelling through time.

"OK," Lindsay said, "Well each boy will get their own couch and we girls can lie next to our brothers." She said this with a kind of finality, like it was the only option, and we were fools to even consider anything else.

Lindsay went over and drew the blinds, making the room almost totally dark despite the bright summer sun outside. Nick finished with the system, grabbed the remotes, and flopped down on the left side couch. I lay back on the right. The sofa wasn't really all that wide, so Rachel was forced to sort of spoon against my side. I saw Lindsay doing the same over on Nick, with far less complaint.

"Comfortable?" I asked Rachel.

"Not really," she said. I felt bad. Tried to move around. But it really wasn't good. The best we could manage had my sister resting her head on my shoulder, her hands on my stomach, and her legs wrapped around mine. Almost like a lover's.

I looked over at Lindsay and Nick. They were almost in the same exact position, but they made it look comfortable. Nick held out the remote and started the film. I felt my heart thump in my chest. The movie on the screen, the beautiful woman pressed against me. Her massive tits pressed warm and soft into my side. I couldn't tell my body that it was my sister, it just responded. I felt my dick grow harder. Amazing, considering where it had already been before we lay down. I hoped to God that my sister didn't look at my crotch. She probably could have used my dong to tell time. 

"This isn't working," Rachel said.

"I'm sorry," I said, meaning it, "I can sit on the floor."

"Why don't you try this," Lindsay said, "Andy lie back like you're doing, but then open your legs. Rachel you can sit back against his chest. Like you're going together on a water slide or whatever."

Before I could argue, Rachel shifted and slid back, pressing her bum against my crotch. I prayed for my erection to go down, but prayer is apparently ineffective on penises. I braced myself for the scream of disgust. But my sister's butt nestled against my cock like it was nothing. The pressure, ironically, did make me shrink a bit (just from the needs of physics - two objects in the same place and all that). But there was no way she didn't feel my cock battering at her butt crack. How could she not?

But Rachel didn't say a word.

*

With killer robots and time travel and awesome action, Terminator was the coolest thing I'd ever seen. It was almost enough to make me forget my sister smooshed up against my cock.

Then we came to that scene. You know the one I mean. The camera panned over and Linda Hamilton was lying on the bed. Suddenly the actress was wrapped around Michael Biehn. And my whole world shattered. It was so unexpected. I'd seen a few, chaste, sex scenes in movies. Stolen a brief look at a couple of porno mags. But never anything like this. And certainly never when my sister was sitting in my lap, her ample ass pressed into my erection. The fact that it was so casually on the TV, the four of us watching, made it feel so much hotter than if I'd only found it all by myself.

My cock felt like it was going to rip right through my shorts. This was sex. Kissing. Writhing. Her breasts in his hands.

Then I heard Nick make a little grunt. I looked over. The room was really dark except for the movie and so I could mostly only make out the shadows. Nick grunted again and Lindsay shushed him.

I realized that the guttural noise kind of reminded me of the sounds I made when... rubbing myself. At first, I thought I was crazy. That my eternally aroused state was making everything sexual. How would Nick be doing that with his sister right there? Wouldn't she notice?

I heard Lindsay shush her brother again. A long low "shhhhhhh" like calming a baby. It looked to me like she was stroking his hair with one hand. I couldn't see the other. Nick's leg kicked against the couch. He whimpered and his whole body went stiff. Then very slowly he relaxed, like drifting down to sleep.

"Sorry," he said, almost panting, "Banged... banged my leg there."

"Hey guys, Lindsay said, "Let's pause the movie. I need to use the bathroom."

Lindsay leapt up and scampered out of the room, arms straight at her sides. Rachel got up after her, leaving me and Nick behind.

"You liking the movie so far?" Nick asked. He seemed to be sinking into the couch. His voice slow and distant.

"Yeah, I mean, I've never seen anything like it."

"Yeah it's greeeeeaaaat."

*

I got up to use the bathroom. Another door that the Callahans had ensured could not be closed. I mean, seriously? How was anyone supposed to use the toilet?

It worked to my purposes in that moment, though. I could hear the two girls were in there. I assumed my same position: flat against the wall, head tilted. Sure enough, I could hear everything.

"...it's fine," Rachel said, "It's just weird."

"What? Lindsay said, "Since when is cuddling with your brother weird? You said you guys do it all the time."

That was true, mostly. At home, when watching TV with our parents, Rachel and I would always sit next to each other. Sometimes she'd even rest her head on my chest a little. My sister was really the only person I had in the world and I guess it made us close.

"It's just..." Rachel said, "I can feel his, you know, his thing. Poking me the whole time."

"Is it awesome?"

"Lindsay! No. I mean, OK it's kind of neat. It feels huge and hard and I don't know how it would ever... But that's my point! That's my brother's thingy."

"You can say penis. I mean you should really say dick or cock or shlong but penis is at least a start."

"Fine. I feel my brother's penis and it's making me think about dirty stuff. Especially after that last scene. I'm pretty sure he could feel me soaking the seat cushions. I don't know whether to be horrified that he thinks I pissed myself or hope to hell that's the only thing he thinks it is."

Now that Rachel mentioned it, I did remember the couch feeling a bit damp. I had assumed it was sweat, but now... Wow.

"Isn't it fun?" Lindsay said, "Watching that sexy stuff with him pressed against your parts?"

"Come on Lindsay. You wouldn't want to feel that way about your brother."

There was a long pause. Then Lindsay sighed.

"Fine," she said, "I don't want you to feel weird. We can switch spots. Does that work?"

I heard them start to leave the bathroom and I quickly jumped back. The two girls turned the corner and stared back at me. Did they know I'd been listening? I tried to say something, but my tongue lay dead in my mouth.

I managed to squeak out the word "bathroom" and that seemed to break the spell. Lindsay and Rachel walked off, looking at each other almost knowingly.

*

When I came back to the TV room, Nick was still lying in the same place I'd left him. I got into my spot. Then, without saying anything, Lindsay walked over and sat at the far end of my couch. She leaned back, so I could see most of the TV. My feet had to rest on her legs, but otherwise it was fine.

My sister sat on the couch across from us the same way. Nick was even taller than me, as I said, but his feet still fit right over my sister's lap.

"We ready to go?" Nick asked, and then started the movie.

Well, this was much more comfortable. My erection even went down a little. But I have to admit, I was a little sad that I was no longer sitting with my sister. Like there'd been this moment - I couldn't say what, exactly - and now I was regretting the lost opportunity.

I glanced over and saw Rachel shifting a little in the light of the TV. Twisting to see the screen. Her hands rested idly on Nick's feet. I felt Lindsay do the same to my own tootsies like they were little hand rests. Casual contact.

Then I felt Lindsay's hands tighten on my feet. They weren't just resting now, they were pushing. My heels dug down into Lindsay's lap and I knew immediately - through my socks and her shorts - that she was pressing me into her place. Her sex. She moved her bottom upward to meet my feet. Slid back and forth ever so slightly. Her whole body strained.

"Ahhhhhhh."

Lindsay settled back into the couch. Her skin slightly pinkish and slick. The slight blonde smiled at me. But she held my feet in that same spot.

*

After the credits rolled, Lindsay declared it was time for lunch and ordered pizza. She paid with her parents' money and we sat around the kitchen table, eating off paper plates. It was nothing, but it felt like such freedom. To watch movies and eat pizza. And do other things.

It seemed like there was so much to say. But apparently whatever had happened during the movie wasn't worth mentioning. Less than a forgettable moment, it seemed to have simply been wiped away. Surely Lindsay would say something about what she'd done. Surely my sister would have noticed and spoken up. And what about Nick? What had happened before with him?

We stayed silent.

After lunch, Lindsay and Nick sent Rachel and I to find another movie while they stayed back to clean up. We picked something that Rachel wanted, a romantic comedy we'd watched together probably a hundred times. Then I walked through the dining room and back to the kitchen to tell the Callahan siblings what we'd chosen. As I stepped into the room, I heard the siblings arguing.

"Yes, you do," Lindsay said, "It's the only way to get what you want, Nicky. Trust me." She looked up and saw me staring at the both of them.

"You will," Lindsay said to her brother. Then she smiled at me. "Nicky's going to make popcorn. Like a good brother."

As if that explained everything.

*

Nick set up the next movie and then we assumed our same positions. But this time Lindsay came up to the front of the couch.

"Sitting up there hurts my neck," the tiny blonde said, "And I could barely see the screen."

I opened my legs and she climbed in, resting her back on my chest. Her cool, golden tresses fell back on my chest. Lunch had let me soften slightly, but not nearly enough. Once again, I was left to wonder how a gorgeous girl could not say anything about my member, so obviously straining against her backside.

Nick spread his legs open and gestured for Rachel to sit like Lindsay was. My beautiful, busty sister looked back at us, almost wistfully, then sat down as Nick had directed her.

Then he pressed play.

*

I wasn't into the movie, mostly because we'd seen it so many times. I'd only agreed to it for my sister's sake. So, I spent more time kind of half paying attention to the movie and more focusing on the fact that Lindsay - incredible, hopefully gettable Lindsay who'd said I was hot the night before and had clearly gotten off on my foot - was resting her butt right against my impossibly hard cock. That her whole body, in fact, was up against mine.

I heard some rustling from the far couch and looked over. Like I said, the Callahans kept their movie room pretty dark, so I couldn't make out much. But it seemed like my sister and Nick were shifting around a lot.

They were still clearly seated in the same position, but it looked like maybe Nick's hands were resting on my sister's legs instead of at his sides. Lindsay looked over at the noise, as well, and shushed them both.

Then she reached for my hands and put them right on her own bare legs. Lindsay was wearing shorts, it was hot despite the A/C, and I felt the exciting intimacy of my skin on hers. Lindsay had skinny little legs, like the rest of her, yet holding them was almost more than I could handle. I wondered how Rachel felt with Nick's hands on her the same way. She had as little experience as me, I knew, and I wondered if she was glorifying in Lindsay's brother's touch as much as I was in grabbing Lindsay.

I heard more shuffling on the far side, and then a little gasp. Before I could look over, Lindsay grabbed my left palm and placed it right on her sex. Now it was my turn to gasp and her turn to shush me.

Lindsay didn't say anything. She leaned back and stared at the screen like, of course, where else would my hand be? I couldn't feel much. Mostly just the khaki of her clothes. It was more the knowledge of where my hand was than anything. And yet... She did feel a bit warm and damp.

"mmmHMMMMPH." My sister squeaked. She stretched back, then shot forward. Her hair askew. It looked like she was trying to catch her breath. Her hands were at her sides, tracing her bare legs. Nick's hands were... somewhere else. I couldn't exactly tell.

Then my sister looked over at me. Her eyes met mine, then suddenly skittered downward. Ashamed.

Without really thinking about it, I squeezed my hand over Lindsay's crotch. I couldn't really feel anything, just more cloth, but knowing I was touching Lindsay's pussy was more than enough. My cock jumped in response, which, I mean I didn't think it could even get this erect. My balls had started to ache, as well. Throb. I'd never felt anything like this and it was a little scary. Was this a medical emergency? How in the hell could I ever explain this to anyone?

Lindsay shifted out of her spot between my legs. Oh crap. Had I gone too far? I'd gone too far and now she was pissed. Crap. She lifted herself up, then squeezed over to my side against the cushions in the semi-spooning position.

"Sorry," she said, "That's more comfortable."

"Oh. OK." I was sure she could hear the disappointment in my voice. I'd had my hands right at the entrance to heaven on a woman I thought was an absolute angel and just like that she was gone. If that missed opportunity with Rachel had been a letdown, this felt catastrophic.

I looked up at the movie and realized it was probably halfway gone without me even noticing. People were talking. I guess this scene was supposed to be cute or funny? I don't know. I was about to look back over at my sister when I felt something warm touch my leg.

Lindsay. Lindsay's little pink hand was resting on my bare thigh. Lightly twisting through my leg hair. I looked up at her, confused, but the tiny blonde just smiled back at me. She slid her hand up under my shorts. Around my underwear. I searched Lindsay's face, desperate, but she stayed impassive as if focused only on the job at hand.

Her fingertips brushed against my erection. Bare skin to bare skin. I'm sure I gasped in that moment. Probably shouted. No one noticed. Lindsay's hand felt warm, yet foreign. The sensation was incredible. She wasn't doing anything, barely even touching my cock. Yet it was already the most amazing thing I'd ever felt in my life.

Then Lindsay, in a way that I hadn't even dared fantasize about, slid her hand up and lightly ran it down the length of my shaft. She allowed herself a little smile.

"Awesome," she mouthed the word at me, then released my dick. Lindsay put her finger over her mouth, then reached over and pulled at the button of my shorts. Almost painfully slowly, she pulled down my fly, tooth by tooth, so it made hardly a sound. After what felt like ages, my pants were open. My hardness bending upwards in my boxers.

Lindsay reached into the fly and pulled my penis free. The cold air was a shock, but Lindsay's little hand on me was even more amazing.

I couldn't help it. Instinct took over. I looked over at the other couch, afraid. Both Nick and Rachel were staring straight at the screen. Then Lindsay gave my penis a squeeze and she had my full and unwavering attention.

Lindsay was just playing with my dick, really. Moving the loose skin up and down. Pinching at my purple head. Exploring. Her thin fingers barely wrapped around my cock and something about that seemed oh so sexy.

She slid her hand down to the root, then back up to the top. Slowly. Experimenting with tightness and speed. I felt her free hand sort of dance against my chest, over my shirt. For a moment, I thought that maybe I should do something back to her, but my hands were locked at my side.

Lindsay worked her fist up and down my shaft. Faster. Almost exactly how I would stroke myself. Her arm pumped. Her face cinched in concentration, her eyes locked completely on my penis as she pumped it.

She had me. Completely. And all I could do was lay back, amazed at how she could have complete control of my entire body with only that one little hand. I felt the pressure building in my balls. Begging to blast up my shaft. A low groan started to build in my belly. A shout.

Lindsay's free hand went up to my head and started stroking my hair.

"Shhhhh," she whispered in my ear, "It's OK, baby."

"Sssssooooo goood," I gasped.

"I know. It's OK. Whenever you want."

I nodded. Eyes wide. Lindsay smiled at me. Still rubbing my hair, my face. My whole body suddenly stiffened.

"Now?" she whispered, then she pressed her lips to mine. I felt the pleasure explode out my cock and radiate across my entire body. My shout swallowed in Lindsay's little mouth.

Her hand quickly covered my cockhead as it shook. This. It was like nothing I'd ever felt before. I'd brought myself to this place in this exact way and yet it seemed like I was at another destination entirely.

Another convulsion. Another. It felt like I had an endless stream of sperm running right into Lindsay's waiting hand. Then, finally, it slowed and stopped.

When she was sure it was safe, Lindsay lifted her lips off mine. She smiled, then showed me her hand, covered in thick white strands like she'd just taken on Spider-Man. Lindsay looked at it herself.

"Oh wow," she whispered, "That's a lot. I mean way more than... That's a lot a lot."

I saw her slip her hand down and sort of rub it on her shorts, on the inside of the couch. The room was dark enough, I guess, that no one noticed. I settled back into the couch, barely able to stay awake. Lindsay giggled and rested her head on my shoulder

*

After the movie was over, we decided to take a break. We still had another three hours before Lindsay and Nick's parents came home. Plenty of time for another movie. But everyone agreed we wanted to do something else. At least for a little bit.

Lindsay and Rachel went into Lindsay's room and I followed Nick into his. I'd long ago buttoned up my pants and if he noticed any spatters on my shorts, Nick didn't mention it. We heard the girls talking, of course, but not what they said. And I couldn't exactly sneak into the hallway with Nick watching.

So instead, we both grabbed books from his shelf and started reading. He had something about the '92 Mets and I decided to dig into that. A few minutes later, Nick announced he had to use the bathroom. Before he was even gone, I raced over to the wall. I couldn't risk the hallway, but I could hear things pretty clearly anyway because the girls had gotten loud.

"But I don't want to," I heard Rachel say.

"Well that's not exactly fair, is it?" Lindsay said.

"I mean, I don't even know what to do," Rachel said. She sounded really upset. Frantic.

"Oh, that's easy," Lindsay said. The blonde was clearly calm. Maybe a bit frustrated but nothing more. "Here, I'll show you. Hang on."

There was some rustling. It sounded like Lindsay was digging through her closet. Finally, the noises stopped. I looked over at our open bedroom door. How could it take Nick this long just to use the bathroom?

"What is that?" I heard Rachel ask.

"Don't worry about it," Lindsay said, "It's not like I need to use it hardly ever anymore."

"What does that mean?"

"Well. You know. Look, do you want to learn this or not?"

"Do I even have a choice?" Rachel asked, resigned.

"I did it for Andy," Lindsay said, "Nick did it for you."

"I didn't ask for either of those things."

"I didn't see you complaining, either. Let me help you with this. Trust me, it's awesome. You said you thought Nicky was cute, right? So pretend this is him. Grab it at the base and slowly slide your hand up the shaft till..."

"Hey man, what's up?" Nick had walked back into the room without me noticing.

I jumped back from the wall, but what I was doing had been obvious. "Just, ummm. Nothing," I said.

"Those two sluts are really something, huh?" Nick said, gesturing toward his sister's room with his head. I wasn't sure if I was more surprised that he called his own sister a slut or angry that he'd called my little sis the same thing. "I think I'm going to have to get Lindsay neutered or something before she fucks the whole neighborhood. I mean, seriously, it's like she's in heat. If your Rachel is half as..."

I turned to Nick and glared. "Half as what?" I asked. When had the tall boy started talking so much? And where was the goddamn mute button?

"Jeez, man. Chill out," Nick said, arms raised in surrender, "I was just joking around. Rachel's really hot, that's all. You can't tell me you never noticed."

"So's Lindsay," I said in response.

"Oh, I've definitely noticed that," he said. He started to sit down on the bed, then stood. "Fuck it. Reading sucks. Let's go watch another movie."

We went over to tell the girls, but both of them were already standing in the hallway. As if they'd been listening in on our conversation. Rachel looked at Nick and then stared down at her shoes. Lindsay gave me a strange little smile. The four of us went downstairs. 

*

"I think that last movie gave me diabetes," Nick said as he started going through his Dad's collection. "We need to amp things up."

"I don't want to watch anything scary," Rachel said, "Or with too many explosions. Let's choose something romantic. Or sweet."

Nick rolled his eyes at me.

"I have an idea," Lindsay said, "It's totally romantic but I bet you boys will like it too. Let's go into Dad's secret collection."

A mischievous smile grew across Nick's face. "Yes," he said, "We should totally do that."

"What secret collection?" Rachel asked warily. They couldn't mean what I thought they meant. Mr. Callahan was so... generic. Almost gender-less. Him and his wife. I'd always assumed Nick and Lindsay had been adopted. Or grown in a test tube. How could a man like that possibly have...

"Porn!" Lindsay said, triumphantly. She reached behind a false wall in the shelving and, sure enough, there was a whole stack of dirty movies waiting there for us. The collection wasn't nearly as exhaustive as the regular movies Mr. Callahan had displayed on his walls, but there was plenty more than I'd ever imagined him owning.

"The motherlode," Nick said.

"I'm not sure this is romantic..." Rachel said, but her protests were weak and she knew it. She sat down on the couch and waited for us to choose one. There were a surprising number of options here - Mr. Callahan clearly had eclectic tastes. There was girl-on-girl stuff, interracial, gang bangs. College girls with older men. Anal. Everything. A veritable smorgasbord of sexual perversion. This level of easily accessible porn went way beyond anything I'd ever imagined, let alone seen. Even the local video rental place offered far less than Mr. Callahan's private collection.

"See, now this is a vacation right here," Nick said. Lindsay smiled up at him almost beatifically. Like he'd found the golden idol and she couldn't wait to worship. It suddenly occurred to me -the two siblings seemed to know exactly where to look to find their father's collection. They'd watched these before, and not alone, either.

This wasn't some secret they'd snuck past each other, the way I imagined siblings would. Waiting till the house was empty and then watching - volume down low, just in case. This was something the two of them had clearly shared. I started to wonder what else they'd done together. The thought of Lindsay lying back on the couch and rubbing herself off while her brother was beside her tugging on his...

"Oooh, how about this one?" Nick said, holding up one with two women doing a sixty-nine on the cover. His hand was covering the title, so I couldn't see it, but I could easily guess at the content.

"Let's start with something more basic," Lindsay said, "Don't want to shock our poor friends right from the start."

"Fine, fine," Nick said. I wondered if he'd been hoping the video would convince our respective sisters to experiment. "How about this one?"

"Oh yes," Lindsay said, "It's got a little bit of everything."

It was your standard 'girl meets a bunch of guys and fucks all of them' video. I can't remember what it was called, but it was everything I'd been given to understand about porn. The bad acting, the worse music. Impossibly large dicks and lots of big-boobed bimbos.

Again, we resumed our places on the couches. I lay on my back with Lindsay between my legs while Nick and my sister did the same. After Lindsay's hand job, I thought my dick might calm down. Instead, I was already stiff from everything I'd seen and heard. My rock-hard cock pushed right up against Lindsay's tight little ass.

Unlike before, however, I didn't really worry about her feeling my dick. She'd already stroked me off, after all. Held my hard-on in her bare hands. And now we were watching porn together. So, if anything, I wanted her to feel me pressing into her private places. Hoped that maybe it would encourage her to get me off again, at the least.

Sure enough, as the movie started, Lindsay pushed her backside up against my cock. Then she slid back a bit more, making it so my erection was centered right at her pussy. We were both wearing clothes, it was just a bit of rubbing, but still it felt incredible.

The TV groaned. A woman was lying prone over a desk in an office, getting fucked from behind. We'd already gotten to the good stuff and I'd hardly noticed. Instead I looked over at the other couch, where another, somehow even more interesting show was about to begin.

Rachel was sitting between Nick's legs the same as Lindsay was between mine. I was sure his dick was just as insistent against my sister's bottom as mine was on her best friend's. They didn't seem to be humping the way Lindsay and I were. Instead, I watched as Nick slid his hands up Rachel's sides and then grabbed right at my sister's massive boobs.

I couldn't help but feel jealous, but I couldn't say of what exactly. It wasn't just that Nick was getting a feel while I wasn't. It was that he was feeling my sister. As if, for some reason, I guess I thought she should be mine.

My envy made me bold. I tried to reach my hands around to Lindsay's tits, but she just pushed my hands back. The tiny blonde kept slowly rocking on my cock, but that was all. It takes a lot of gall to have a girl bouncing up and down on my dick yet be mad that I couldn't touch her tits - only over her shirt no less - but there I was.

Then, worse, Lindsay slowly stopped rubbing herself on me. Great - I'd aggravated her right out of my action. The tiny blonde looked over at Rachel and Nick. Tried to grab my sister's attention and made little gestures with her head.

"Get on with it," she hissed between closed teeth. Rachel sort of lowered her head, resigned. She turned around, unzipped Nick's pants and took his dick out right there on the couch. She gasped as his pinkish pole popped out. Nick groaned. Lindsay giggled.

To this point we'd been fooling around in a way that could at least be somewhat denied. Always in the dark, subtly, as if no one would notice. This was right out in the open and it took things to a whole new level.

Rachel wrapped her hand around Nick's dick. It was smaller than mine - almost as long but definitely thinner with a slight downward curve. My sister started stroking it up and down. Slowly. Not being teasing - she just seemed to be struggling to get much of a rhythm. Not that Nick seemed to mind, his head lolled back on the couch. Eyes squeezed closed.

Again, the jealousy grew in my stomach. It made me really upset, seeing this. Like Nick's own sister wasn't still rubbing her shorts-covered pussy up and down my cock in that same moment. Because as soon as Rachel had started on Nick, Lindsay had returned to her own pleasure.

I just felt possessive. Over my own sister. As if the only dick she should be touching was her brother's. It didn't make sense. But I felt sick about it all the same. It didn't help that Rachel looked so hot doing it. Focused on his dick, tongue sticking out of the corner of her mouth in concentration. Her thick brown hair hanging over her hands. The way her massive tits jiggled as she worked him. Still hidden in her shirt, but still.

Maybe Lindsay sensed my discomfort because she suddenly slid off of me and spun around. Everything was out in the open now, so she went right for it - pulled my pants and boxers down in one shot till they were pooled around my ankles. My cock leapt free. Hard and purple and ever so happy to be out in the cold air of the Callahan's living room.

But he wasn't out for long. Lindsay dove down and swallowed my cock whole.

"Oh GOD!" I said. I couldn't help it. Her mouth was so warm and wet. I looked over and saw my sister staring back at me. At her best friend sucking off her brother. And, for a moment, I swear I recognized that same jealousy in her eyes.

But then Lindsay began sucking my cock with abandon and the only thing I could focus on was between my legs. Her silky, golden hair teasing at my bare skin. Tickling my balls. Her little pink mouth stretched wide around my thick, dark shaft. She grabbed the base of my dick with her hand and started jacking me into her mouth.

"Oh Lindsay. So good," I said.

"Mmhm," Lindsay said, as if agreeing with me that her mouth was pretty much the best thing in the entire universe. The little blonde wasn't interested in taking her time. She worked me like there was a timer going off behind her. Like, if I didn't cum in the next minute, she'd lose the million-dollar prize.

She had nothing to worry about. It was the first blowjob I'd ever had, my first time even near a woman's mouth. I wouldn't have lasted if she was the worst cocksucker on the planet. But Lindsay was like a cum-milking machine and my dick couldn't even handle the lowest setting.

"Lindsay," I said, trying to warn her, "I'm going to..."

"MmHM," she said it again. So casual. And then my pleasure rocketed up my shaft and right into Lindsay's mouth. I think I screamed as I did it. I don't really know because the ecstasy grabbed hold and everything went blank for a moment.

When I opened my eyes again, as my cock slowly deflated in Lindsay's hungry little mouth, I saw her gulp gulp gulp my sperm down her throat. A bit had dribbled out of the side of her mouth and she lapped that up as well. She carefully let my dick fall out of her mouth. She gave it a little pat and then smiled at me.

"You really do cum a lot," she said with a smile, "Such a good boy."

I fell back into the couch cushions and looked over. My kid sister was still slowly stroking Lindsay's big brother.

"Jeez, you're still working him?" Lindsay asked, "You're really bad at this." Rachel looked down, her cheeks red. "Alright let me help you with him."

Lindsay hopped off the couch and went over. She pulled Nick's cock from Rachel's hands and started stroking him up and down, hard. "Like this," Lindsay said, "That's how he likes it."

Lindsay was rubbing off her own brother and he wasn't saying a word. In fact, Nick looked quite content with this turn of events. And not only were the brother and sister sharing something that no siblings were supposed to do, they were acting like this was something totally normal. This is what he likes, Lindsay said, as if she knew it quite well. Familiar, in the strangest sense of that word.

Lindsay took Rachel's hand and put it on Nick's cock. The two of them now worked him up and down, in rhythm. Nick groaned lightly and arched his back.

"Going to cum," he told the girls, as if that wasn't already quite clear. His sister and my sister both started stroking faster. I saw Rachel had a little smile on her face now.

"In your mouth," Lindsay told my sister, "Just like I did for Andy."

Rachel's stroking slowed. She looked nervous again, but she shifted her body upward. Tentatively, she opened her mouth and wrapped it around Nick's dick. Nick bucked as my sister's thick, dark lips closed around his cock.

"Oh FUCK!" he cried.

Lindsay raced up to the other side of the couch and held Nick's head. Stroked his hair. "It's OK, baby," she told him, "It's OK. I've got you."

My sister started sliding her hand up and down Nick's cock, like coaxing his spend into her mouth. Nick trembled. He shook. His leg kicked out hard and Rachel made a loud, "Hmph!"

She choked and coughed, but she stayed on Nick's dick. His little sister comforted him the whole way through like he was a sick patient wracked with fever. As Nick's shaking stopped, Lindsay slowed her petting motion. Rachel sat up. Cum dribbled down her chin. Nick's dick gave one last shot and it splattered on her shirt. Right on her gigantic tit.

Rachel looked over at me and her smile sort of melted back. I couldn't help but think that she looked a little sad. Remorseful. She gulped down what was in her mouth and then she wiped her face with her sleeve. Her eyes on me the whole time. As if saying, 'I'm sorry.'

"Yay!" Lindsay said and clapped her hands. "Good job!"

The woman on the TV screen moaned loudly. We'd gotten so involved, I'd forgotten she was even there.

*

We sat around the table, eating breaded chicken and boiled vegetables with Mr. and Mrs. Callahan like it was nothing. Like their little girl hadn't been sucking my dick an hour before. As if my baby sister hadn't just swallowed their son's load.

It was so odd. Like it was all a dream. Only I couldn't figure out which was the reality. The crazed fucking around while we watched movies or this, the genteel dinner around the kitchen table.

Almost right after we'd finished each other off in front of the movie, the Callahan parents had texted that they would be getting out of work at a good time and would be home to make dinner. We quickly cleaned up, put away all of Mr. Callahan's porn, and sat down like good children in front of the TV before Mr. and Mrs. Callahan came home.

No one had much to say while we ate. I did my best to eat my rubbery chicken and hoped that no one would ask about how we spent our time. I wasn't sure I could answer with a straight face. After dinner, Mr. Callahan went into the TV room to watch a movie (something from his public collection, I assumed) and we were all shuttled off to bed. An 8:30 bedtime seemed ridiculous for a bunch of 19- and 18-year-old kids, but apparently that's how it went.

Once again, Rachel and I both brushed our teeth in the bathroom. Rachel would barely meet my eyes while we did it.

"Are you OK?" I finally asked her. She really did seem upset and it worried me. I couldn't bear it if my little sister was feeling bad, even if I'd been feeling good for the same reasons. Like I said, we were close. We had a few friends at school, but mostly it was just Rachel and me. Most of the other kids teased us for it. I knew there was a rumor that we were fooling around. At the time, I'd thought those kids were being gross. Now? Now I was starting to wonder if it was me who was wrong all along.

"I'm alright," Rachel said, "How about you?"

"I'm great," I said, "I mean. How could I not be?"

"Right," Rachel said, "Of course."

"Did you not want to...? I mean, if Nick forced you to."

"No, he didn't force me," Rachel said, "I wanted to make him feel good. I just... I'm glad you had a good time. That's all." Then she got real quiet.

Back in the bedroom, the evening sunlight leaked through the blinds while Nick softly snored, and I stared up at the ceiling. Why was Rachel so upset? When she said she wanted to do those things, I believed her. If anything, it seemed more like she was unhappy about what I had been doing with Lindsay. That didn't make a ton of sense to me either. Yes, seeing my sister fool around with Nick had made me envious. But just because I was broken that way didn't mean my sister was. Couldn't.

Nick snorted and mumbled in his sleep. Apparently, going to bed before the sun was down was just fine with him. I was wide awake. The events of the day still holding me hostage.

I couldn't believe Lindsay, the girl I'd been fantasizing about forever, had sucked my cock. Right out in the open like that, too. And then my little sister had done the same for Nick. Then the Callahans had called and... I put it together. I knew why my sister had seemed so upset.

I rolled out of bed and made my way into the hallway, quietly. I could hear Mrs. Callahan washing dishes. The dramatic music of Mr. Callahan's movie. And, distantly, I could hear Rachel and Lindsay talking again.

"... was OK," Rachel said.

"Just OK?" Lindsay asked, "Well I can tell you. Your brother? It was amazing. We just have to get you more practice, that's all."

This time, I didn't hide. I didn't listen, hoping to not be heard. Instead I walked right up to the open bedroom door. Stupidly, I knocked on the frame, like they couldn't see me standing there.

Both girls were sitting on the floor of Lindsay's room in their pajamas. Lindsay was wearing a floral, sleeveless top with ruffles on the shoulders and matching pajama pants. Rachel had on a long t-shirt with Tweety Bird on it that ran down past her knees. Both girls looked more adorable than fuckable. Though that just made me want to fuck them more.

They both looked up at me at the same time with the same shared look of surprise.

"Is it OK if I come in?" I asked. Lindsay gestured for me to enter. The whole 'no doors' thing didn't really give her much of a choice.

"I was thinking about this afternoon," I said. Lindsay gave me a wicked smile. Rachel blushed a bit and stared down at the carpet. It was purple with a big white unicorn in the center. The busty brunette traced her fingers up and down the horn.

"It was awesome, right?" Lindsay said, giving Rachel a little playful shove.

"Yes. Totally," I said, "But I realized I never got the chance to, you know, return the favor."

Both girls looked at me, eyes wide. Not with fear or anger. Something else. Excitement? Lindsay definitely looked like she was ready to burst.

"Really?" Rachel asked. Her voice oddly hopeful.

"Well yes," I said, "I mean, like, it seems only fair."

"I told you your brother was awesome," Lindsay said, "Let me guess - big, stupid Nick's already passed out, huh?"

"Yes, but, I was thinking. I mean, I wouldn't mind..."

"We'll need to be extra super quiet," Lindsay said, looking knowingly at the door, "But I'm not turning down an offer like that." Without another word, the tiny blonde shucked her floral pj pants right off. Then she took off her panties, as well and - Wow. There it was.

Lindsay's nether lips were gaping and dark purple. A thin layer of light blonde hair was on the top of her mound. So wispy it was barely there. She sat back on her elbows and spread her legs.

I looked over at my sister, expecting her to do the same, but she just blushed again.

"Do me first," Lindsay said, "Then we can deal with her." We. Oh boy oh boy oh boy.

I got down on all fours and went between little Lindsay's thin, pink legs. I could smell her scent, heady. I was raring to go. Then I froze. I'd never seen a pussy before. Not like this. What was I supposed to do?

"Start with your fingers," Lindsay said, "Feel around. Gently. I'll tell you what to do from there."

So I ran my fingers up her thick outer lips. It didn't take long for me to find her dripping, wanting hole. Right where my cock would go, I thought to myself.

"Put your finger in there," Lindsay said. I slid it into her with ease. Her little mouth almost sucked it in, I swear. Well, I could figure things out from there. After all, if my pointer was a penis it would just go in and out, in and out... So that's what I did. She felt pretty open and so I slid another finger inside. The walls of Lindsay's little pussy hugged my digits tight.

"There you go," Lindsay said, "You're a natural. Took so much longer with... Anyway, keep doing that. But now put your head down lower."

I did so. What had been a whiff of Lindsay's sex was now strong. Almost overwhelming. I did what came naturally and gave her pussy a big long lick. From the top of my fingers still buried in her hole all the way up to the bottom of her pubic bone. The beautiful blonde shivered and gasped.

"Oh fuck," she said, "Yes. OK. Use your other... Other hand. You should feel a little bump at the... fffffUCK. That's it. Yeah. Try to... To lick there. Oh. OH FUCK."

"Remember to be quiet," Rachel said, shushing her friend.

"You be fucking quiet when he's fucking... Fucking. FUCK!" Lindsay bit down hard on her lip. Her face went cherry red. She made a loud squeak. Then another.

"Hmph. HMPH!"

I kept pressing at her little nub with my tongue. Jammed my two fingers in and out of her seeping snatch. Suddenly the little blonde's whole body bucked. Her chest thrust upward. Froze. Then she fell back to the ground panting. Gasping for air. 



Lindsay's hands shot down and pushed me away. "Oh God. Too good. Too much. Can't... Fuck." She fell back to the ground like she'd been shot. Her face slowly drifted from red back down to pinkish.

Rachel and I watched as the beautiful blonde slowly recovered. Lindsay's eyes slowly focused and she looked over at my sister.

"Your turn," Lindsay said.

"Um, I don't know," Rachel said, nervously shifting her legs back and forth.

"Oh, come on," Lindsay said. The tiny blonde stretched out long and languid like a lazy cat. "You were just saying before how worked up you are. And you saw for yourself how good it's going to be."

"Yes, but... My brother," Rachel looked over at me shyly.

"So?" Lindsay asked, "It's a working, warm set of fingers and a tongue. Who cares who it's attached to. No offense Andy."

I just nodded. To be fair, I had been feeling a bit... objectified. Though only in the best of ways.

"Unless..." Lindsay paused, as if thinking, "You'd like me to do it?"

"Oh," Rachel looked back down at the carpet, "I mean. Not that I wouldn't, I just... I don't know. Are you sure I have to do this? I'm sure it'll be fine in a little bit."

"Those are your options," Lindsay said, "Him or me."

"I came here to... I wanted to take care of you," I said, "Let me help."

Rachel nodded shyly. She seemed to be thinking about it. Caught between incest and a lesbian.

"Andrew," Rachel said. Choked it out, like my name got caught in her throat. "I trust you." Her voice still quiet but now clear. "I trust my big brother to take care of me. Always."

Lindsay made a noise that sounded disappointed, but when I looked the little blonde was grinning from ear to ear. I nodded at Rachel solemnly.

"I'm happy to do it for you, sis," I said, meaning it.

Rachel nodded back at me. Then she lifted her long pajama shirt up over her head. She wasn't wearing a bra, and suddenly my sister's incredible, bare breasts were exposed to both of us.

I sat - stared - dumbfounded. If anything, my sister's tits were even better than I'd imagined. If little Lindsay had plums then Rachel was holding honeydews. Maybe more. Yet they sat high on her chest as if they were so magnificent the laws of physics simply did not apply. My sister's peachy nipples pointed outward, shouting her arousal for anyone to see.

Rachel was down to a pair of baby blue panties. I noticed a massive dark spot in their center, almost like she'd peed herself. Rachel paused her strip tease. Stared down at the floor.

"Holy fuck, sis," I said, "Your body's fucking incredible."

"You think so?" Rachel asked, her voice almost too quiet for me to hear.

"Yes, it's goddamn amazing," Lindsay said, clearly meaning it, "Now take the rest off so he can see the whole thing."

Rachel reached down and slid off her little, blue panties. Unlike her best friend, my sister had a large patch of thick, dark curly hair that went from the top of her pussy to almost an inch below her belly button. It made her look wild. Wanton. Ironically, Rachel's puss was smaller than Lindsay's, tidier, with taut lips that seemed almost demure.

My little sister sat in front of me, completely naked for the first time. She smiled, shyly, then stared back down at the carpet unicorn. She looked so innocent in that moment. So afraid. Something about that should have made me protective, instead it only made me want her more. Almost predatory.

I climbed between Rachel's legs and pushed her thighs wide. I crawled up to my sister's sex. Her smell was different than Lindsay's - subtler. Without a pause, I slipped my pointer inside my sister.

Rachel's breath caught as I entered, and I couldn't tell if it was pleasure or pain. Unlike Lindsay - who'd taken two fingers and felt like she easily could have held more - my single digit already felt too big for Rachel's tiny quim. Her pussy clamped down on my finger. Like even this invasion was already far too much.

Carefully, I started to slide my pointer in and out of my little sister's little pussy. She squealed, then dropped onto her back.

"Shhhh," Lindsay said, her eyes were wide. "They're going to hear you." She reached down and held her best friend's arm.

"Uh huh," Rachel said, not even noticing the contact.

As Rachel's pussy flowered, her magic button grew outward like its own little erection. No need to search this time. I bent down and latched my mouth on to her clit.

"MMMmmmmmm," Rachel gasped. Lindsay shushed her again. I didn't think my sister was being as loud as the little blonde had been before, but Lindsay now seemed to think that the slightest sound would bring a premature end to our performance. I didn't want that to happen. Not before I got my sister where she needed to go.

Still, I figured faster was probably better, so I started lapping at my sister with abandon. She tasted so good, so feminine. Rachel's legs popped up and wrapped around my head. She kept mumbling, "Oh God. Oh God. Oh God."

Lindsay let go of my little sister's arm and reached over to lightly cradle her head. "Shhh. I've got you. Almost there."

I saw an opportunity and I couldn't stop myself. I ran my free hand up Rachel's flat stomach and grabbed hold of her humongous right breast. Like you would do any different. I gave it a good squeeze. Her hard nipple scratched at my palm. God it was amazing. Like holding heaven in my hand.

I moved my finger in time with my tongue. Rachel's legs went taut. Her pussy, impossibly, got tighter. Her cries louder. And then she started this long rambling monologue, her words getting faster and faster until they all crashed together. "Fuck. I mean. I don't think I've ever. OhMyGod. Never. Oh fuck. Ohfuck. OHFUCK!"

My little sister kicked her legs out straight. Threw her head back. Rachel's jaw dropped open and a little high-pitched eeeeeeee escaped. Just as her hissing breath was about to become a shout, Lindsay dropped down and gave my sister a hard, deep kiss.

Goosebumps ran up and down Rachel's arms and legs. She was locked in place, her whole body shaking. Screaming into Lindsay's open mouth. The sexy blonde stroked Rachel's thick brown hair. Finally, I felt my sister's body relax. Her muscles unclenched.

Lindsay gave my sister one final little kiss and then let Rachel breathe. The buxom brunette took a deep, ragged gasp, like coming up for air. Then she bore down, gritted her teeth, as another orgasm ripped through her. Rachel's eyes rolled back in her head. She clenched again. Squeezing the orgasms out of herself. Drop by drop.

Finally, Rachel flopped back onto the carpet, arms and legs outward. I slowly slid my finger out of my little sister. I heard a little sob and looked up. Huge tears were running down Rachel's face.

"Oh my God,' I said, "Oh God I'm so sorry."

"It's OK," Rachel said, choking through her tears, "I'm OK. I guess this is a thing I do? After I cum? I don't know. I mean, never. Not like that. Holy fuck."

Lindsay was still holding Rachel's head, lovingly. Then she looked over at me and her eyes went wide as saucers. "Holy fuck, Andy."

I saw where she was looking. While our attention was elsewhere, my cock had managed to slip out the fly of my pj pants. It pointed out like a steel bar, as hard as I'd ever felt it. I'd been so involved in the girls' pleasure, I'd forgotten my own.

"That thing is huge," Lindsay said, "I mean, look at it. Seriously Rachel, look at your big brother's big... Fuck."

"It's not like you didn't see it before," Rachel said. Her tears had stopped and now she was sitting up, smiling goofily. "I mean, it was in your mouth and everything."

"I know," Lindsay said, "It's just... I didn't get a really good look until now."

"It is pretty awesome," Rachel said.

"See?" Lindsay said, "I told you. OK Andy, don't worry. We'll take good care of you."

Rachel looked over at her best friend, confused.

"Boys aren't like us," Lindsay said, "You can't let them get all worked up and leave them like that. We have to take care of him or he'll go crazy."

I wasn't going to argue with that. I mean, sure I'd come in to make up for the previous favor. You know, all selfless and stuff. But in the moment my dick was so hard it hurt and I certainly wasn't going to turn down pretty Lindsay's generosity.

"Here, we'll do it together," Lindsay said. She grabbed Rachel's hand and pulled her forward like they were getting on the Ferris Wheel.

Lindsay didn't bother with my pants, she just reached out and grabbed my cock where it was sticking out. Then she took my little sister's hand and put it right on my shaft, above her own. The two girls made one long fist together. Pumping me.

"Oh Fuck," I said. My head lolled back. Lindsay shushed me. Then she let go of my dick, leaving Rachel to keep going. Lindsay leaned down till her mouth was right over my aching cockhead.

"Oh, aren't you such a big boy," Lindsay cooed to my cock. My penis shuddered in response, dripping out a huge glob of pre-cum. "Ohhh you want to be in a pussy so badly, don't you baby? Don't worry, I'll take care of you."

Rachel kept working me up and down. Her massive tits shook with every stroke. Lindsay opened her mouth and sucked my head inside. Her best friend, my baby sister, was jerking me off right into her waiting mouth.

"Oh God," I said.

"I think he's close," Rachel said.

"Mmhm," Lindsay said.

Lindsay licked around the ridge of my cock head and then right up the slit. That was all I needed. My whole body cinched and, just like that, my cock exploded down the little blonde's throat. She didn't say a word, just reached over to slow Rachel's hand.

One huge burst. Another. I looked up at my sister and she smiled at me almost proud as my body surrendered to the ecstasy she'd helped provide. As much as I'd cum before, I had plenty to feed into Lindsay's hungry mouth. Eventually it was too much for the little blonde and my spend started seeping out of the corners of her lips. After cumming more than I could ever have expected, my penis finally went soft. The blaze of my pleasure smoldered down to a dull glow.

Lindsay sat back with a silly smile on her face, then swallowed it all with one huge gulp. She reached up to her face, where some of my sperm had escaped, and picked it up with her finger. Then the little blonde held it out in front of my sister.

"Here try some," Lindsay said, "It's super awesome."

I thought Rachel would shy away, but instead she opened her mouth and sucked my spend right off Lindsay's finger. Then the buxom brunette stuck out her tongue at both of us to show she'd eaten it all.

"Kind of salty," Rachel said.

We heard some banging downstairs. Rachel and I both looked at Lindsay, but she seemed calm.

"I think we're OK," the blonde said, "But we should probably clean up real quick to be sure."

I hurriedly tucked my dick - now quite pliant and happy after his time in Lindsay's mouth and Rachel's hand - back into my pajamas. Lindsay found her pants and pulled them up while Rachel got her shirt back on. I have to admit feeling a little sad to see such beautiful femininity be put away.

Once we were dressed, Lindsay gave me a little shove on the shoulder and told me to get out. I started to leave, but then Rachel grabbed my hand. She gave me a kiss on the cheek, then whispered into my ear. "Thanks. You're a good brother."

I was about to say that this didn't seem like the kind of thing that good brothers do, but Lindsay started frantically shooing me out.

"Yes, you're the best," the blonde said, "Now get the fuck out of here."

I quickly scampered back to my own bedroom. The Callahan parents were still downstairs, I could hear them. Nick was snoring, maybe even louder than before. Everything that had just happened, the entire day, I was blown. I wanted to recount it all to myself. To remember it moment by moment.

I passed out almost immediately.

*

When I got up the next morning, I was alone. Nick had woken up at some point earlier and slipped out without me waking. I quickly dressed in a t-shirt and shorts and made my way downstairs.

Mr. and Mrs. Callahan had already left for the day. Lindsay, Rachel, and Nick all sat around the table with empty plates in front of them. Breakfast already finished. Nick was wearing the standard t-shirt and shorts - we had essentially the same wardrobe, I reflected. The girls were both wearing short jean shorts and cami tops. Lindsay's blue one covered her tits so completely she looked almost flat chested, while Rachel's red one made it look like her boobs were about to bust right out of it.

"Way to wake up," Nick said. I was learning to prefer his awkward silences over his confident exclamations.

"It's OK, Andy," Lindsay said, "We know you had a long, hard night." The blonde got up and gave me what had been left over from their meal - some overly crispy eggs, two cold pieces of bacon, and dry toast. I devoured it all like it was a royal feast. All that work had worked up my appetite.

As soon as I was finished, Nick jumped out of his seat and clapped. "Movie time!" he said and practically sprinted back to the TV room.

"Someone woke up excited," I said.

"Someone missed his midnight treat," Lindsay said. She rubbed the top of my head affectionately and then padded after her brother.

I looked over at Rachel, but she just shrugged and stood, following the sexy siblings out of the room. As good as yesterday had been, I knew that today would be even better.

*

"Swapping Sexy Couples Part Six."

The words were emblazoned across the VHS tape box in massive silver lightning bolt letters. Nick was holding it up in the air triumphantly, like he'd won it in a tournament.

"Oh, that's one of my favorites," Lindsay said. She jumped onto the couch so hard I heard the springs creak as they bounced her up and down.

Nick looked at me and Rachel with a dirty grin. "It's going to be tough for you two to catch up on the plot cause you haven't seen the first five parts," Nick said, "But I think you'll be able to figure it out." He snickered to himself at his joke. Then he bent over and began messing with the VCR.

I turned to Rachel again. I kept expecting her to say something. But instead she just blushed a bit and sat on the couch, waiting for Nick to join her. I sat down on the opposite side and Lindsay cuddled up next to me. She put her long, thin arms around my neck and gave me a little kiss on the cheek. "Never got a chance to thank you for last night," she whispered.

"It was nothing," I said.

"If that was nothing, I can't wait until you give me something," Lindsay said. She reached down and squeezed my cock through my shorts. Holy fucking fuck.

Nick stepped back from the TV, as if examining his masterwork. Then he lay back on the couch next to my little sister. He grabbed the remote and pressed play. We four all settled back into our standard positions: Rachel laying between Nick's legs. Lindsay resting between mine. My dick, already rock hard, also assumed the standard position - driving itself into the crack of the little blonde's nearly non-existent bottom.

The movie didn't waste any time with exposition. It started straight off with two couples both making out separately on opposite sides of a couch. On one side was a bald dude, muscular, with lots of tattoos. He was kissing a cute, chubby brunette. On the other side was a skinny guy with a thick, dark mustache. He was making out with a tall girl with short, blonde, curly hair.

Neither of the women was really all that attractive, though I guess the brunette was kind of OK. Still, it was people getting ready to have sex - it's not like I was looking away in horror. Unlike what we'd seen yesterday (or, to be fair, what we'd mostly not-seen), this didn't feel like a big movie production. They seemed more like real couples who'd made this themselves. It felt rougher, dirtier, and that made the whole experience feel oddly intrusive. Like we were looking in on real people's lives.

Almost as soon as the movie started, Lindsay jumped off the couch. She went over to Nick, grabbed the remote from him, and paused the show. We'd been watching for five minutes, tops. The onscreen couples were still fully clothed.

"I have an idea," Lindsay said, holding the remote like it was her laser pointer and this was a serious presentation, "Let's play Mirrors."

"Oh yes," Nick said, "That's awesome. With all of us, we could really do it properly for once."

Lindsay nodded enthusiastically in agreement. "Exactly!"

"What's 'Mirrors?'" Rachel asked.

"Oh, you're going to love it," Lindsay said, "It's really simple. We match whatever they're doing on screen. So, like, if the couple is kissing, you kiss. If they take off their shirt, same thing. See? Easy."

"We'll each pick a couple," Nick said, "We usually, ummm... I mean, me and Rachel will take the ones on the left." He meant the skinny, Luigi-looking guy and his frizzy girlfriend.

"Perfect," Lindsay said.

"So, we just... start kissing?" Rachel asked.

"For starters," Lindsay said, "When they go, we go."

"I don't know," Rachel said. She started glancing around the room, like she was looking for an escape route.

"Rach, it's fine," Lindsay said. She went over and squeezed my sister's hand, "Seriously. No one's doing anything different than before. Think of it like pretend. We're pretending to be the people in the video - you're not doing anything at all."

Rachel took a deep breath, then nodded.

"Good. You and Nicky are on the left," Lindsay said, "Me and Andy are on the right. In three, two, one..." She pressed play.

The couples started making out again. Lindsay sat next to me on the couch. Our mirror couple, conveniently, was right across from us. I glanced over and saw that Nick had leaned in and started kissing Rachel. Lindsay turned my head to her and pressed her lips to mine.

My first real kiss with a real live girl. The beautiful, little blonde I'd had a crush on since I could remember. Fuck yes. Her lips were thin, but soft. I did my best to pay attention to everything going on around us. All I wanted to focus on was kissing Lindsay.

The brunette had her hand on the bald guy's cheek, so Lindsay put her hand on my cheek. I couldn't see where the guy had his hand - it was somewhere around the back of the girl - so I took advantage and reached down to cup Lindsay's tiny butt. She jumped a little as I grabbed her shorts-covered bottom. Instead of complaining, however, the tiny blonde snuck her sexy, pink tongue into my mouth, making our kiss - somehow - even more engaging.

Lindsay took hold of my shoulders and steered us to the side so we could both watch the TV. It meant that I couldn't really see Rachel and Nick, but I could still hear the wet noises of kissing nearby and I assumed they were continuing the same way. It was almost too much to keep track of: the two couples on TV and the four of us in the family room.

I didn't need to worry about following the plot, though. Lindsay had clearly seen this movie before and so she did all of the steering for both of us. The chubby brunette took off the bald dude's shirt. Lindsay reached over and did the same. Started tracing her fingers over my bare chest.

Both TV guys were now bare-chested. The kissing was nice, no doubt, but I was starting to wish that my avatar would do something more. My cock was straining against my shorts something awful. Lindsay grabbed my hands and pulled them down to the hem of her shirt. Yes! The bald dude had finally started undressing his girl.

I pulled Lindsay's cami right off. She wasn't wearing a bra and I gasped, delighted. Lindsay's little titties shook a bit as they were released from her shirt. The little blonde was basically boobless compared to my sister, but there was something super-sexy about that, too. 



Lindsay had stopped kissing me, so I could see that my mirror was now sucking on the brunette's boobs. Well, I didn't need any more of an invitation. I bent my head down and took Lindsay's right nipple right into my mouth. She gasped and grabbed the back of my head. I heard Rachel's breath catch too, and I imagined it was for the very same reason.

"Holy fuck your tits are fucking awesome," Nick said, his voice muffled by my sister's tit flesh.

"Your guy didn't say that so you can't, either," Lindsay said. She was clearly not happy hearing her brother compliment my little sister's giant gazoogas.

I redoubled my effort on Lindsay's tiny titties. Sucking on the one while stroking on the other. It probably wasn't exactly what the guy on screen was doing, but I didn't care. Lindsay's nipples seemed to be super sensitive and every time I latched on to one her whole body trembled.

I let her nip slide out of my mouth and looked up. The guy was taking off his girl's pants now. Both couples were doing it at the same time. Almost choreographed. I tried not to think about Nick ripping off Rachel's shorts, but I could hear her squeal as he did it. I let myself be distracted by Lindsay, instead. I reached down and popped open the sexy blonde's bottoms, then slid them down her pin-stick legs. She kicked them off to the side and giggled.

The couples went back to kissing so I did the same. I danced my fingers across Lindsay's tiny tits.

"These are fucking amazing," I told her. She gave me a dubious look. "I love them. I really truly do."

"There's nothing there to love," Lindsay said, pouting.

I kissed her on the lips. "Your little" kiss "boobs" kiss "are the sexiest things" kiss "I've ever seen."

"Hey!" Nick called out, "If I can't talk then you can't talk."

I shrugged and kissed Lindsay again - on the lips this time. She smiled back at me, practically glowing. I felt her push her chest out - now proudly offering me her breasts - and I happily held on.

On screen, the chubby brunette pulled off her partner's pants. The more I saw of this girl, the more I thought she was kind of hot. I found myself wishing she'd get totally naked soon. And yes - I was making out with a girl with my half-naked sister nearby and I was perving on a third girl on the TV. What can I say? I'm an overachiever.

Lindsay quickly got my attention back. She pulled down my shorts, letting them fall to the floor. We were both down to our underwear. I glanced over and saw that Nick and Rachel were in a similar state of undress. Though, Nick seemed to only have eyes for my sister's massive mounds. He barely blinked as he stared at them.

The four of us were breathing heavily. The A/C was blasting but we were covered in sweat. All of us, only one more piece of clothing away from total nudity and... who knows? I mean, it was porn, right? So, I had a pretty good idea of where things were going. But how long would we stick with the script? Was there a point where we would stop? At oral? At more? I couldn't imagine losing my virginity - right there in the Callahan's living room - to my crush girl while my sister lay next to me losing hers at the exact same moment. But then, I suddenly couldn't bear the thought of not doing that, too.

The moment was so heavy with possibility. I could be licking Lindsay's snatch. She could be sucking my dick. We could be... fucking. Anything could happen and it seemed like I was buried by every option.

"Switch!" Lindsay said. The whole world seemed to stop. I thought I'd pictured everything. But that one had never occurred to me. Holy fuck.

I looked up and, sure enough, the Luigi-looking guy was now making out with the chubby brunette while my bald, muscular mirror was fondling Ms. Frizzy. I looked at Rachel, both of us frozen in mid-make out.

"Come on guys," Lindsay said, "Switch switch switch."

"But," Rachel said, "My brother."

"He's not your brother," Lindsay said, "He's the guy on screen, remember? It's pretend." Before my little sister could argue further, Lindsay marched over to Nick and started kissing him. She rolled her hand at Rachel as if to say, 'go on, get on with it.'

Rachel slowly slinked across the room to me. I wrapped my arms around her waist. Looked down into those loving green eyes. And just like that I kissed my sister the way no brother ever should. I'd licked her sex the night before, but this felt incredibly more intimate. Wrong in a way that was far too right. Rachel's lips were thick and soft. Her mouth wet and inviting. I pulled her close to me, felt her tremendous tits press against my bare chest. The hardness of my cock ground into her warm, spongy pussy. Still covered by our underwear, but still.

My little sister hummed in my mouth, a low satisfied groan. Any complaints she could have had seemed to slip away. Neither of us were really looking at the screen. So lost in each other. Kissing Lindsay had been amazing. Sexy. Kissing Rachel - fuck - this was so much more. My little sister seemed to feel it, too and she squeezed her body up to mine like she was trying to merge us into one uber-sibling.

I kissed down her neck to her chest. Gently suckled on her immense breasts.

"Ohh, that's nice," Rachel said. Her breasts looked a little distressed, and I wondered if Nick had been too rough with my sissy's titties. I did my best to just touch, not grope. Suck rather than bite. Rachel's body responded. She had her pussy right against my cock now and she was pressing into it urgently. Groaning and gasping.

We fell back to the couch. Rachel lying on top of me. I could see the TV again - we had fallen behind. Both couples were totally naked. I looked over and saw that Nick and Lindsay were right there, too. The little blonde was bare from her wispy pubes to her itty-bitty breasts. She had her thin fingers wrapped around her brother's cock and she was slowly stroking it while they kissed. This was not tentative. They weren't pretending for the sake of the game.

But then, Rachel and I were no better. I excitedly reached down and slid off my sister's panties. She didn't say a word, just grabbed the top of my boxers and pulled those down, too. We gasped, simultaneously, as her bare pussy landed on top of my uncovered cock. Skin to skin. Holy fucking yes. Her thick dark pubes tickled at my shaft. We went back to kissing, even more passionately than before. I felt my sister grind her sex down on mine and I started to...

"Come on guys, try to keep up," Lindsay said. I looked over and saw she was kneeling in front of her brother - cock in hand - matching the couple on the left. The two on the right were doing the opposite: the girl was down on the couch, her legs spread, with the bald guy's head between them.

Well, don't mind if I do! Rachel smiled at me, a little shyly. She seemed excited by this turn of events, as well. We shifted and my sister matched the woman on screen. She sat back and held her legs as open as far she could, exposing her hairy little pussy to me. Her nether lips so perfectly pouty.

I dove down, tongue first, to taste my sister. Oh fuck, I'd forgotten how much I loved her nectar. Her smell. The way she writhed under my ministrations. One lick and she was no longer her own. Mine.

"Wow, looks like I definitely chose the right couple," Nick said, "Seriously, man, better you than me."

I heard a slapping noise and saw that Lindsay had hit her brother, hard, on his bare butt cheek. But she kept his cock in her mouth. She sucked back and forth with abandon, humming and groaning. Her hand was between her legs.

I turned back to my happy little sister. I didn't care what Nick thought - if anything I felt like he was the one who was missing out. I lapped Rachel from top to bottom then slid my finger into her open puss. I thought she'd be a bit more open - after all she'd had a finger in her the night before and she was obviously really aroused. If anything, though, my little sister's little snatch was even tighter now. It barely let my pointer in past the knuckle.

I was starting to think I should try switching to a pinkie when my sister suddenly sucked in all her breath and straightened. Her legs kicked out.

"aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhHAAAAAAAA!" Rachel screamed. She beat her fists into the couch. Arched her back. Then slowly settled back down into the cushions. She didn't sob this time, but I saw a little tear escape the corner of her eye.

Tenderly, I wiped it away with my thumb.

"OK?" I asked.

"Uh huh," Rachel said. She reached down to grab my cock.

"Switch!" Lindsay shouted. The couples had gone back to their original partners. I saw that Nick's dick was still sticking out, purple. He had a pained expression on his face. His sister had left him out to dry. But then, the dude onscreen hadn't blown his load either. So, I guess we were still following the film.

Nick grabbed my sister's hand and tried to steer her head to his cock, but Rachel pointed to the screen. The couples had gone back to kissing again. Nick groaned in frustration. Our couple was doing the same, but Lindsay just smiled at me.

"Don't worry, I won't make you kiss my cockmouth," she said, "Although if you wanted to give me what you gave to Rachel..."

I looked up and saw that, sure enough, my guy was between the brunette's legs now. Apparently, I had the cunnilingus dude.

"Ha ha," Nick said. But his girl wasn't sucking his cock either. She was just stroking him with her hand. Not that Nick was complaining, I'm sure, as my little sister reached for his dick.

"Remember, he doesn't cum so you don't either," Lindsay told her brother. She sat down on the couch and held her legs apart.

Nick nodded confidently, but then my sister grabbed his dick, gave it one strong stroke, and he shook like he'd been shocked.

"Ah. Oh fuck. FUCK!" Nick cried. He bent at the waist and his chest ran red. Just like his sister, I thought. A huge glob of his cum shot out and hit my little sister's shoulder. Another. Nick was clearly aiming for Rachel's tits or her face, but my sister wasn't working with him, so he ended up all over the place. Slowly he slumped down to the ground.

"Dammit, Nicky," Lindsay said.

"I'm sorry, sis," Nick said, gasping, "It was just... Too good."

"Yeah, I'll bet," Lindsay said. She looked over at her brother and my sister with disdain. She still had her legs open, hoping we could continue, I guess. As much as I was sad that no one had even touched my cock yet, I also felt relieved (and maybe a bit proud) that I didn't blow my load before it was time. After all, there were far better (and wetter) battles on the horizon for those who could hold their weapon without it exploding in their hands.

"Give me a moment," Nick said, "It'll come back. Always does."

"Uh huh," Lindsay said.

My sister sat back on her heels. Thin white streams of Nick's sperm ran down her chest. She eyed it oddly, then got up to get a tissue and wipe it off. Whatever happiness I had slipped away, seeing my little sis spattered in another dude's semen.

"It's OK," Lindsay said. I couldn't tell who she was comforting. Me? Nick? Maybe all of us? The little blonde sat up, clearly giving up on getting her turn under my tongue. "Let's take a break. All this action has me hungry for lunch."

*

We all got dressed again and ordered Chinese delivery. There was something off-putting about eating naked, especially things like noodles, and so it just made sense. Again, I mourned a little as the two beautiful girls covered up their bare bodies. But I was also comforted by the fact that they'd almost certainly be naked again soon enough.

After lunch, Nick announced that he needed a nap and stomped upstairs. Ironically, reaching the heights of his pleasure had dropped him into a foul mood. Lindsay, too, seemed snippy. Fidgety. Of course, I couldn't exactly be calm either. My balls were aching, and my cock hadn't shrunk even a centimeter.

Yet I had to agree that we could probably use a little time away from each other. I went up to Nick's room. He was already passed out when I got there. I lay back on the sleeping bag on the floor, but I was so worked up I couldn't even close my eyes.

"...help me out."

Lindsay. I could hear her clearly. I got up off the floor and snuck out Nick's open bedroom door. Stood in the hallway in my now standard position.

"Yes, you can," Lindsay said. Both girls were in her room. I wanted to steal a glance, but I couldn't risk getting caught. I imagined they were still in their jean shorts and camis. Probably sitting on the floor, cross-legged, like they usually were when I walked by.

"I don't even know how," Rachel said.

"Sure you do," Lindsay said, "It's practically the same parts."

"Yes, but I mean. I've never even done it with myself. You know?"

"Wait seriously?" Lindsay asked, she tutted her tongue, "So you mean the first time you ever... Was with your brother last night?"

"I mean, not exactly?" Rachel said, "I kind of, like, stand under the shower head a little? When I'm like really, um, worked up. But never like that."

"Come on Rachel, it's not fair," Lindsay said. "You got to go, and I didn't."

"I bet Andrew would come in here and help you," Rachel said.

"He's in my brother's room and I don't want to risk waking up Nick. Besides, you're the one that got to cum so you have to give me one back. It's only fair."

I heard nothing, just heavy breathing for a moment. Then I heard a tiny, feminine squeal. I couldn't help myself, I had to look. I dropped down to all fours - I don't know why, I guess I thought I was sneakier down on the ground? - and crawled over to Lindsay's open door.

The tiny blonde was lying on her back. Her shorts and panties stretched around her ankles like they'd tripped her. My little sister was kneeling between Lindsay's legs. The voluptuous brunette was sitting up, but her hands were down at Lindsay's sex. Like performing an operation. Only the best kind I could imagine.

"No, not like. Ugh," Lindsay said, "Slowly slide the one finger in me. Yeah. Now another. Oh! There you go."

Rachel was facing the other way. There was no way she could see me. But Lindsay twisted her head, opened her eyes, and saw me kneeling there. Somehow, she had sensed me staring at her. The old predator's instinct. I thought she would scream or worse. Instead the sexy blonde winked at me and smiled.

"That's a good girl," Lindsay said, "Good job, sweetie. Now take your other hand and put your thumb right on my... OH! Oh yes! That's right. Rub it back and... Back and forth fuck! You're doing such a good job. Yes, Andy's little sister is going to... Going to make me CUM! Yes, she is."

Lindsay looked right at me as she said my name. Then her eyes rolled back. Her head flopped down and her back arched up. "Ha AH!" she cried, then giggled. Her body collapsed down to the ground.

"That's good," Lindsay said. She pushed my sister's hands back out of her snatch.

"That's enough. For now. That'll hold me for now."

"That was OK?" Rachel said.

"That was fine," Lindsay said, "We should probably go sneak by the boy's room though. Make sure they didn't hear anything."

I took Lindsay's warning well and hurried back to the safety of Nick's room. I lay down on my sleeping bag and squeezed my eyes shut, hard. A few minutes later I heard footsteps and guilty, girlish giggles.

Once I thought it was safe, I risked cracking one eye open. Both little sisters were gone.

*

Nick woke up a little while later and we both stumbled back downstairs. The girls were sitting at the table, eating potato chips like everything was normal.

"Next movie?" Lindsay asked. She eyed her brother pointedly - specifically his crotch.

"Cute, sis," Nick said, "Yes, I'm ready to go. Told you he'd come back."

Only took two hours, I thought, but I didn't say anything. I knew that insulting Nick would only upset his sister. I wanted, needed, a happy Lindsay. I could keep my smart remarks to myself. As the girls walked past me, Lindsay gave me a wink, but Rachel looked down at the ground. Embarrassed. Did she know that I knew? Or was this just the general bashfulness that came with our continuing escapades?

We went into the TV room. Nick started digging behind the shelves again, but Lindsay shoved him out of the way. She clearly had something specific in mind. Like Yoda ripping through Luke's supplies in Empire, the little blonde grunted as she looked at each title, tossing it behind her.

"It has to be in here somewhere," Lindsay said, "Ah ha!"

She jumped up, triumphant. The box was all black, like it was the most illicit thing amongst all the illicit things. The most poisonous of the poisons.

"Oh YES!" Nick said, "Good call!" He sounded more excited by the movie than he had when he came all over my sister.

"What is it?" Rachel asked, nervous.

"Oh, you're going to love it," Lindsay said, "This is perfect for the next part of our Mirror game."

Lindsay slid the tape out of its sleeve and into her palm. The cassette was no more labeled than its box had been.

"This is only two people this time," Lindsay said as she popped the VHS tape into the machine. It hummed gratefully for its next meal. "So, both couples will have to mirror the one on screen. But the situation - it's so much better. So much more... appropriate."

I couldn't imagine what she meant. Was this movie about people watching a movie and making out? Maybe they were on couches in a suburban living room or something? Or wait, I knew. The two people in the movie probably looked like Lindsay and Nick. Or me and Rachel. That had to be it.

None of us went to our respective couches. All of us stood in the middle of the room, legs rooted to the ground. We stared at the TV, like it had told us it was about to do a magic trick. Lindsay pointed the remote and pressed play.

Nothing. Black screen. Then the title popped up. Rachel gasped. My stomach did flip flops while my tongue went totally still. Lifeless. I couldn't even get a grunt out.

"Sibling Love," the screen said.

Holy fuck. I'd figured out by then that Mr. Callahan was hiding quite the pervert under his sexless exterior. But this... This was beyond what I could have imagined. I couldn't believe something like this even existed. It was there, on screen, but my mind denied the reality. So far from the world I thought I knew.

The title faded back and showed two kids sitting on a bed. The boy was wearing only his boxer shorts. The girl was in her underwear as well: little pink panties and a thin, white bra. They were both young and cute, but not in a porn way at all. The bedroom didn't look like a set - it looked like a bedroom. This looked... Real.

The siblings were probably in their early twenties and they really did look alike. The boy's short brown, bowl cut hair was the same color as his sister's shoulder-length locks. Their faces had similar shapes - nose and mouth and eyes. The sister was really pretty in an innocent sort of way. I could tell she had tiny little titties under her bra, like Lindsay. The way she kept looking over at her brother then back at the camera, though. Nervous yet wanting. It reminded me of Rachel.

"Come on, what are you waiting for?" Lindsay said. Just like that, she took off her shirt and shorts, matching the girl. Nick smiled at his sister, hungrily, then got down to his boxers. The Callahan siblings joined each other on the far couch. Rachel and I both stood rooted in the center of the room, speechless.

The siblings on screen were still sitting on their bed. Staring outwards. Like they were waiting for us to be ready before they could begin.

"I don't know," Rachel said. She kept looking at the TV and then back at me. 


"Don't know about what?" Lindsay asked.

"The whole brother-sister thing. I just..."

Lindsay rolled her eyes and groaned. "Hang on," Lindsay said. She reached up and paused the movie. Then she grabbed Rachel's hand and dragged her out of the room. It sounded like they'd gone back to the kitchen.

I could hear Lindsay talking to my sister, sternly. Like I said, no closed doors. Still, I couldn't make out exactly what they were saying. Nick grinned at me and nodded his head for me to follow. Quietly, we stepped out of the TV room and tip-toed over to where we could hear the whole thing.

"...so, yes, you do," Lindsay said.

"I'm just not sure I feel comfortable," Rachel said.

"You seemed plenty comfy last night," Lindsay said. Nick shot me a querying look, but I just shrugged at him. Hopefully looking innocent. "And this morning, too."

"No, I know. It's just..."

"Just nothing. Otherwise it isn't fair."

"Come on Lindsay, he's my brother. I shouldn't be doing that stuff with my brother."

Nick gave me a dark look. Competitive. As if to say, 'see, my sister is way better than yours.' I didn't say anything. Rachel was right, of course. One-hundred percent. Siblings were not supposed to do these things. But it didn't stop my heart from breaking a little as she said it.

"Fine," Lindsay said, clearly exasperated. Then she started whispering. I don't know whether she knew we were listening or only suspected. Or maybe she wanted to make Rachel feel intimate and safe. Either way I couldn't hear a thing.

Then Rachel said, clearly, "Yes. I can do that. Thank you, Lindsay. For understanding."

"Of course," Lindsay said, "I'm your best friend. I'll do anything to make you happy. Now let's go back to the TV room and tell the boys."

Nick and I ran back from the kitchen door and sat down on the couches, like we'd been there the whole time. Lindsay sauntered in soon after, Rachel in tow. My big-chested little sister looked bashfully down at her feet. She was still fully dressed in shorts and a cami. Lindsay, though, was down to a light blue bra with matching panties. They looked so good on her, I couldn't wait for her to take them off.

"Thanks for waiting patiently in here, boys," Lindsay said, "Rachel and I have come to a solution we can all be happy with. Right Rach?"

My sister nodded. Her face was still pinkish.

"We're going to play Mirrors, like before," Lindsay said, "But like before, we're going to pretend."

"I don't understand," Nick said. Lindsay rolled her eyes at her brother.

"No kidding, numb-nuts," Lindsay said, "You didn't even let me explain. We'll just pretend to be siblings this time."

"So, you'll be with Andrew," Nick said, "And I get to be with Rachel?" He didn't sound too unhappy about that. Especially the him and Rachel part.

"Exactly," Lindsay said, "But because we're doing Mirrors you'll act like she's your little sister and I'll get to play that Andy's my big brother."

Huh. That sounded kind of hot, actually. All of the danger and none of the consequences. I had to admit, I was impressed with Lindsay's ingenuity. I wondered if people could get college scholarships for sex. If that was the case, the little blonde deserved a full ride to Harvard. Actually, as I thought about it, I remembered that Lindsay really did have a full ride to Harvard. So, there you go.

"Everyone OK now?" Lindsay asked. Nick bobbed his head up and down like he was a giveaway at a baseball game.

I nodded more demurely. Like I said, I was impressed by Lindsay's solution. But I couldn't help but be a little disappointed, too. It worked. It really did. And anything that encouraged Rachel to keep going should have been enough for me. Besides, only a crazy person would be upset about losing their little sister when they had the lovely Lindsay waiting for them. Too bad I was certifiably insane.

Lindsay walked over to me, still in her underwear, and held my hand.

"You're looking a little overdressed there, big bro," she said.

I smiled. The way she said it, I mean, whatever my erection had lost from before, it shot right back hearing her say those words. Clearly the sibling thing got me going. Even if it wasn't my actual sibling.

"Right you are, little sis," I said. I pulled my shirt over my head. As I got undressed, I did my best to get my mind in the right mood. I pictured Lindsay, younger, living in my house with me. Saw her at my birthdays. Going to the mall together. All that stuff. But, of course, it wasn't hard to imagine at all because Lindsay had done all those things. As my little sister's best friend.

But now I switched the narrative in my brain and said, no, she was your sister at your birthday party. She was your sister when you went to the mall. All the other things that Rachel had done, I just swapped in Lindsay instead. Lindsay bandaged my knee when I fell off my bike. Lindsay hugged me tight and let me sleep in her room the day Dad yelled at me for breaking the coffee urn.

I dropped my pants to the floor and smiled. "Better, little sis?" I asked.

"Oh yes," Lindsay said, eyeing me up and down, "Much better."

I looked over and saw that, like us, Nick and Rachel were now down to their underwear. I didn't know if either of them had done the same mental exercise. In that moment, I didn't care. I was going to have my cake and eat it, too. I was going to get to be sexy with my sister without committing incest at all. Perfect world in pretend.

Lindsay picked the remote up from the couch and hit play. The TV siblings were still sitting on the bed, looking at each other longingly. Lindsay and I mirrored them on the couch. I didn't look over at Rachel. I made myself stay focused.

Then TV brother leaned over and kissed TV sister on the mouth. Tentative and soft. As soon as they made contact, they jumped back like they'd been sparked. Then TV sister nodded, and her brother kissed her again. This time more passionately.

I looked over at Lindsay and we did the same. First the quick kiss. Then the long, loving one.

"It's OK to talk," Lindsay said to the room, "If it, you know, helps. With the pretending."

Then we went back to kissing. Lindsay pulled back a bit so she could speak. "It feels so good kissing you big brother. I've wanted to do this for a long time."

"Me too," I said. Everything I understood tore and rewove itself in a pattern I could no longer recognize. Lindsay spoke like she really meant it. But was she saying it for Nick, as his sister? Or was she telling me? Or maybe she was pretending to be Rachel and saying something that she knew was true for my little sister. And then, what did my response mean? Because all of those things were also sort of true for me and also not. Fuck. It was all too much and so I let the fantasy envelope me before I thought myself right out of it.

The couple onscreen were still kissing. More passionately now. Tongues in each other's mouths. All sense of control clearly lost.

Lindsay kissed me the same way, like putting our lips together was far more important than breathing.

"I love my big brother's strong arms," she said.

"I love my little sister's tiny tits," I said.

"So, do something about it," Lindsay said. I looked up and saw, sure enough, that TV brother had lifted off TV sister's bra and was now gently rubbing her breasts. I tried to undo Lindsay's bra strap but I made a mess of it. Finally, she sighed and reached back, freeing her boobs for me.

Matching my on-screen mirror, I tentatively traced Lindsay's tits. I heard my sister - my real sister, Rachel - gasp and I looked over. Nick was taking the video as merely a suggestion and had started mauling my sister's massive mammaries. Rachel looked a little uncomfortable, she kept shifting slightly, but she didn't step away.

"I love your tits, sis," Nick said. I swear, I heard Lindsay grunt a little when he said it. I turned my attention back to my own pair.

"He doesn't know what he's missing," I whispered in Lindsay's ear. "I know I'm the luckiest brother there is. My little sister was made for me."

Lindsay kissed my lightly on the cheek and leaned forward to let me get a better grip. Then she reached down for my boxer shorts. The girl on screen was doing the same. Lindsay clearly had this timed to perfection. I might have thought about it more - was this something she'd watched on her own? With Nick? Had they, too, played the Mirrors game this way? - except there was a gorgeous blonde, you know, grabbing for my cock.

Lindsay slid my boxers under my bottom and my dick leapt out. Clearly, he knew to pay respects to his golden goddess. Lindsay oohed and clapped as my cock appeared. She reached out and grabbed it with far more excitement than the hesitant touching TV sister was giving to TV brother.

Not that I was complaining.

"My big brother has a biiiiig cock," Lindsay said.

"Oh. Me too," Rachel said. I looked over and saw that Nick was giving his pretend little sister a death stare, waiting for her to return the favor. "I'm a lucky little sister," Rachel continued. She said it in a way that was not very believable. I'd seen daytime cable movies with better acting. But Nick seemed perfectly pleased and he smiled at both me and Lindsay like he'd won the big prize.

Lindsay daintily traced her fingers up and down my cock, much in the same way that I had lightly touched her boobs. It wasn't exactly the same nervous fondling the TV siblings shared, but the result was the same. Lots of teasing with little result. I kept my eyes focused on the TV screen, waiting for the inevitable next step.

Sure enough, TV brother reached over and pulled down TV sister's panties. I did the same to Lindsay, exposing her little blonde bush.

"Geez, Rach - I mean, sis - you're really hairy down there," Nick said, "You ever think about shaving it or something?" Rachel blushed deeply and looked away. Maybe talking wasn't such a good idea after all, if this was all he could think of to say.

"You're not being a very good big brother," Lindsay said, "You're supposed to support your little sister."

"Oh, sorry," Nick said, "Don't worry little sis, I'll help shave your cooch for you."

Lindsay rolled her eyes and sighed. I reached over and found her pussy. Teased at it with my fingers. Both TV siblings had their hands in each other's sexes and so the two pretend sibling couples were doing the same on the couches in real life. Lindsay lightly stroked my cock while I played with her parts. Rachel clumsily pulled on Nick's penis while he jabbed at her cunt.

"That feels... really good. Big bro," Lindsay said. If she was acting, it was a hell of a job. Her eyelids half shut, hair tossed back. Her cock rubs were becoming more and more erratic. I heard a wet, slurping noise come from the TV.

"Finally!" Nick said. He let go of Rachel's snatch and lay back. He grabbed his cock and sort of wiggled it at his pretend sister.

The on-screen siblings had, indeed, progressed to sucking. TV little sister took her brother's cock in her mouth and she licked it top to bottom, looking up at him the whole time like in supplication. Is this good? Her eyes seemed to be asking.

Lindsay pushed me onto my back and then took my cock into her mouth. One big slurp and I was completely contained, her tongue pressed tightly to the underside of my cock. I could hear my sister making little choking noises to my left, but I simply couldn't pay attention while little Lindsay licked me. God, I'd been in her mouth several times now, but I still couldn't get used to how amazing it felt.

Lindsay reached down and cupped my balls. Used her fist to work my cock. I didn't know if this was how TV sister was doing it and, frankly, I didn't care.

"My little sister is sucking my cock so good," I said.

"Mmhm," Lindsay said, happily. She pulled off my dick for a moment, "I love my big brother's big dick." She gave me a couple of corkscrew strokes and then dipped her head back down.

I could feel my orgasm getting close and I wasn't sure what to do. I didn't think TV brother was about to cum, but at the same time I didn't want to miss my opportunity to blow my load if I could. Lindsay knew the video by heart it seemed - if it was my time to cum, would she tell me?

Then, just as I was about to let it go and, you know, let go, Lindsay sat up. I saw on the screen that TV sister had done the same. Nick didn't give Rachel the same courtesy. My dark-haired sister was still sucking him up and down. Her hand on his shaft. It was clearly pretty sloppy. Rachel wanted to please, I think, she just lacked the experience. I was obviously the recipient of a far better oral performance. Yet I couldn't help but be envious - wishing it was my cock in my actual sister's mouth.

Lindsay cleared her throat loudly, "You can stop now," she said. Rachel looked up and saw the TV screen. She gave Nick a dirty look, but he smiled and raised his shoulders as if to say, 'who me?'

TV brother now reached over to TV sister and pushed her onto her back. Well, I knew this was coming. Time to return the favor. But he didn't put his head between her legs. At least, not the head I was expecting.

Instead, TV brother climbed between his sister's legs so that his penis pressed against her pussy. He leaned forward and kissed his sister on the lips, holding his cock in one hand and lightly stroking it against her sex.

Then the onscreen sister's eyes went wide as her brother slid his shaft right into her steaming snatch. Both siblings kissed again. They were connected as closely as they ever could be. As siblings never should. TV brother slowly pulled back and then rocked forward.

"Come on, big brother," Lindsay said, "Give it to me. Give that big brother cock to your little sister's pussy. She needs it so bad." The little blonde was lying back on the couch, legs spread. She had her hand over her snatch, lightly stroking it. She looked at my dick. Up at me. Grinned.

I took my cock in my hand and aimed it at Lindsay's pussy. This moment I'd dreamed about with the girl I'd dreamed of doing it with. Oh my God. I didn't even think about the fact that Lindsay's brother was about to do the same thing to my little sister. Then suddenly the image on the screen froze.

I looked over. Rachel was holding the remote in her hand, standing there. Nick lay on the ground looking a bit dazed. Lindsay groaned. She kicked her legs out.

"I'm not ready for that," Rachel said. She looked resolute. If Rachel didn't want to fuck that was fine. Better than fine, honestly. Ideal. But I was about to get laid here, sis! Help a brother out! I waited for Lindsay to make her unbeatable argument like always.

But Lindsay didn't make any argument. She didn't drag my sister off or tell her she had no choice. Instead the little blonde girl ran her hand through her hair and smiled, kindly.

"Let's just pretend," Lindsay said, "We're pretending to be siblings, we can pretend we're having sex. That's easy." She didn't even seem upset.

"I don't," Rachel said, "I mean. How do we pretend?"

"Well, it's like you told me before. About the shower head," Lindsay said. Rachel gasped, embarrassed, but Lindsay kept going. "Only, instead of using the water, you're rubbing it on a cock. Here, we'll show you."

Lindsay lay back with her legs spread again. She motioned for me to lie down on top of her. As I did, she reached up and pushed my cock down so it was resting right in her nest. I could feel the warmth of her sex. The slickness. I wasn't inside her. My cock was right on top of her pussy though and it felt great. I had the urge to grind down, instinctual. I did and my mind almost went blank. This felt... amazing. I mean, it wasn't sex but...

"Oh God," I said.

"That's a good boy," Lindsay said. She pushed her pussy up into me at the same time. We both trembled for a moment, then stopped. "Just keep doing it. Like that."

Nick lay down on his back and Rachel climbed on top of him, like she was about to mount him. Then she pushed his penis down and dragged her pussy over it. She lay forward, like I had done, and I could see her pressing. Her little bum wiggled. Her arms and legs outstretched. She shook a bit, then she let her head droop.

"Ahhhhh," Rachel said.

"Right?" Lindsay said, "Don't forget to pretend." I ground down into Lindsay again. "Oh my big brother is fucking me so good!"

"Your pussy," I said, "Feels amazing."

"My brother," Rachel said, "My brother's fucking me."

"How about it, Nick?" Lindsay asked, "You like fucking your little sister?"

"Yes, it's awesome," Nick said, flatly.

Lindsay and I were getting into a bit of a rhythm. I pushed down with my penis and she arced her back to respond. I guess my cock was right on her clit because it really seemed to do something for her. It certainly did something for me. I felt like I was only a few pushes away.

"Oh," Rachel said, "Oh." Her face was really red from the exertion. Sweat slid down her cheeks. She pushed down hard and her body started to really shake and then "AhhhHA!" she cried. Her back arched a bit and then she fell forwards.

"You cum?" Nick asked.

"Little bit," Rachel said.

"Good," Nick said. He slid out from under my sister. "Good."

I pressed my whole body into Lindsay one last time. The pleasure exploded out of me. I felt a warm spurt hit my leg. Another.

"Oh!" Lindsay said, her chest flushed, eyelids fluttering. "My brother. My brother's cumming in me. Oh, big bro you shouldn't but... It's OK. Give it to me. Ohhhh, so good."

It was an odd release. Stilted. Still so nice. Lindsay giggled and hugged me tight. She reached up and patted my head as the last of my pleasure leaked out onto the couch.

"Thanks big brother," she said and kissed me on the forehead, "You did such a good job fucking me. Filling my pussy with your sibling spermies."

When I felt like I could move again, I rolled off Lindsay. Looking down, I saw her thin pink legs were spattered with my spend. I worried that I might have gotten some on her pussy - all pretending aside I didn't think she was protected - but I was pretty sure I'd missed her target. Lindsay stood up and got some tissues. She wiped off her legs and then cleaned my splooge off the couch.

Nick stood and watched, his penis pointing at his little blonde sister. Almost accusatory. He grabbed the remote and stopped the movie. The siblings were still fucking. The sister on top of her brother. Her face twisted in pleasure.

I looked down and saw Rachel, still sitting on the floor. She was crying. I assumed it was her post-orgasm response, as always. She stood up, grabbed her clothes, and stomped out of the room.

Lindsay frowned at me and then went after my sister. She didn't even bother to dress and her little tits jiggled back and forth as she left. Without a word, Nick left the room, as well. Naked as his sister. I heard him tromping up the stairs and assumed he was going up to his bedroom.

It was just me, then, sitting on the couch by myself. Clothing all over the floor like a linen grenade had gone off. I started to get dressed again. For a moment, I considered putting the movie back on. I wanted to know how it ended, like there was going to be some big twist instead of, you know, the expected. Still, I wondered if the brother filled his sister with his cum or if he pulled out and covered her in it. I couldn't decide what would be hotter.

Certainly, jizzing all over his sister, marking her - on her cute face and little titties - that was sexy as fuck. But then I thought, I bet she's not on the pill. He wasn't wearing a condom. If he came inside her and knocked her up... I don't know why that turned me on so much, but it did. Siblings together was so wrong on its own. The idea of him making a baby in her... 



Lindsay walked into the room. She was naked, but she still managed to seem serious, somehow. "Rachel just wants a break," Lindsay said.

"Everything OK?" I asked,

"She's fine. A little self-conscious maybe? It's a lot to take in all at once. Pretending isn't the same as 'not real,' you know?"

I told her I did know. That I could understand being overwhelmed. I didn't say that I felt the same way with a lot of this. I didn't have to.

"She said she was going to take a walk around the neighborhood," Lindsay said, "I think it would help a lot if you went with her."

"What do I say?" I asked.

"Tell her you love her," Lindsay said, "How pretty you think she is. You know, make sure she feels good. Or say nothing at all. Just being there for her will be more than enough, I bet."

I nodded and finished dressing.

"Thanks Lindsay," I said, "You're a good friend. A good little sister." I winked.

Lindsay smiled and shooed me off.

*

I found Rachel sitting on the top step, right outside the front door. She had her head in her arms. Her knees pulled up into her chest. I wondered how she could fit them there, her boobs took up so much space. Then I realized maybe this wasn't the best time for pervy thoughts about my sister's tremendous titties.

Her sitting there, head buried, it reminded me of a song I'd heard on the Muppet Show once. Kermit's cousin Robin sang it, about sitting on the middle steps. Neither up nor down. It had always struck me as strangely sad for such a silly show.

I sat down next to my sister and reached for her hand. I had to pull it out of a mass of knees, chin, and dark hair - but I got it. I started to speak, but there were no words. So, I just sat there.

It was mid-afternoon and the sun was high and bright. The street was quiet: people still at work or summer camp or whatever. It felt sort of strange to be the only ones home. Like we were doing something wrong. I'd been having that guilty feeling a lot that week.

Rachel sniffled. I doubted this was still post-cum sobbing. "I'm OK," she said, "I just needed a break."

"You're not angry? Upset?" I asked.

"Why should I be?"

"I don't know. It seems like you are."

"Well, I'm not," Rachel said. She picked her head up and looked me right in the eyes. Her green irises shimmering with tears. "I'm fine. I just need a break, OK?"

"Yes, sis. Of course." I started to stand up.

"I'm going to go take a walk," Rachel said, standing with me, "Just around the block."

"You want me to come along?" I asked. I reached over to hold her hand, but she pulled it away.

"I told you, Andrew. I'm fine," Rachel said. She skipped down the stairs. I watched while she went down the driveway. Headed up the street. Well, there was no point in standing there. If anything, I thought, waiting for my sister could only get me in worse trouble. Instead I turned around and went back in the house.

As I closed the door behind me, I heard a long, low groan. A couple of short, little gasps. "Ah! Ah!" At first, I thought someone had turned the movie back on. I went over to the family room, but it was empty. The TV screen was blank. The sounds of fucking, though, they were louder. More frequent.

I was pretty sure it was Lindsay's voice, making those noises. I thought she might be masturbating. That was something I wanted to see. As quickly as I could while still being quiet, I went up the stairs. Nick's room was empty. Lindsay's though, was not.

The open-door policy paid off once again. Lindsay was on her back, legs spread. Head lolled back. And on top of her, drilling her for all he was worth, was her older brother. Nick.

I'm surprised at how surprised I was, to be honest. I mean, in retrospect it all seems really obvious. Of course, the two of them had fucked before. Were fucking. How did I think that they weren't? But somehow - naive me - I really was shocked by the scene in front of me.

Lindsay's tiny body bounced as her brother thrust into her. The siblings strained. Rutted themselves into Lindsay's unicorn carpeting. I did my best to stay back. See everything without being seen. The way the two of them were going at it, I doubt they'd have noticed an alien spaceship shooting by

"God. Needed this so bad," Lindsay said.

"I know," Nick said, "So good."

"Yes?" Lindsay said, "You like your little sister's slick little pussy?"

"As much as you love your big brother's big cock," Nick said.

"Oh. Oh God Nicky. I'm getting really close."

"Yeah?" Nick asked, "You going to cum little sis?"

"Uh huh."

"Then say it for me. Tell me."

"Oh God," Lindsay said. Nick's thrusting slowed.

"Come on," Nick said, "Say it. Tell me or you don't get to cum. Promise."

"Nicky, I don't..."

The couple had almost completely ceased. Lindsay bucked her hips but to no avail. She groaned in frustration as her body strained. Nick hung over her. Threatening.

"You love me," he said, "Need me."

"More than anything," Lindsay said.

"Then show me," Nick said, "You made your promise now prove it. Tell me what you're going to do so you can cum."

"Rachel," Lindsay said, almost a whisper, "I'm going to get you Rachel."

I felt my heart twist in my chest. All this time I'd thought Lindsay had been driving this. That the horny blonde was having fun with all of us. But this. This was something far more insidious. Dangerous.

"Tell me sis," Nick said. He started to slowly slide back and forth again.

"Those big tits. That hairy pussy. It's yours," Lindsay said, "I promise she'll be yours. My brother's. Only for you, Nicky. I promise."

"Yesssss," Nick said, then suddenly he froze. He jumped back like Lindsay's pussy had bit him. "Ffffffffuck!" He shook. Great white spurts exploded out of his cock and covered Lindsay's chest.

"Dammit, Nicky!" Lindsay said, "Come on! You know I was almost there."

Nick gasped. He fell forward. "So good... Too good."

"Fucking hell," Lindsay said. She slid out from under her brother. I quickly jumped away from the door.

"What can I say, little sis? You've got an amazing pussy. When I'm inside you I just... Just can't help myself."

"Excuse me if that doesn't make me feel any better right now," Lindsay said, "Fuck! So close..." I could hear her pacing back and forth in the bedroom.

"I mean, if you let me cum inside you..."

"Yes, that's a great idea, Nicky," Lindsay said, "Knock me up. Cause we're not already in enough trouble with Mom and Dad."

"I'm just saying..." Nick said.

"Seems to me you need to work on lasting longer," Lindsay said, "You're going to blow your load before you even get the chance to stick it in your darling Rachel."

"I'm sorry, what was that?" Nick shouted. Holy shit. "You think you can talk to me that way? Shut your little mouth unless it's swallowing my cum. Got it?"

I risked glancing over. I couldn't help it. Nick was standing over Lindsay, hands formed into fists. He wasn't touching her, but she looked scared enough.

"You love my dick don't you," Nick said, "Say it. You're a little sister slut and you couldn't live without it."

"I can't," Lindsay said.

"You want me to stop? You don't like how I cum? Maybe I stop giving it to you."

"No, Nicky," Lindsay said, "Please don't stop. I'm sorry."

"OK then," Nick said, he relaxed his hands, brushed them off on his legs. "Don't forget. You promised me."

"I swear," Lindsay said. She started to reach down for her clothes and I saw her arms were trembling.

I heard the sound of the front door opening and I scampered back towards Nick's bedroom. I assumed it was Rachel, back from her walk. Holy fuck. What was I going to tell her?

*

It wasn't Rachel at the door. It was Mrs. Callahan, home from work to cook dinner. I went downstairs to say hi and cover for the naked siblings upstairs. Although, to be honest, I don't know why I was being so loyal. In the end it was a useless gesture. Nick and Lindsay came downstairs far more quickly than I'd thought they were capable of. I guess they'd had plenty of practice with fire drills like this one.

Rachel came in the house about a minute after Mrs. Callahan did. She went in through the back, so as far as Mrs. Callahan was concerned, we had all been home and waiting for her. Finally, Mr. Callahan came home and we all sat down for dinner. I don't think I've eaten a more uncomfortable meal. Everyone silently chewing. Doing their best not to speak.

Again, after dinner, Mr. Callahan went into the TV room to watch something. He lay down on the right-side couch - right where my semen had spurted a few hours before. Lindsay had done an indifferent job of cleaning in there. I couldn't help but wonder. Didn't he feel it? Didn't the whole room still stink of sex? He turned on the TV like there was nothing wrong.

Mrs. Callahan led us kids upstairs. When it was my turn to use the bathroom, I grabbed Rachel's hand.

"We need to talk," I said, and pulled her with me. There was no door to shut, so I just opened all the taps in the sinks and hoped the sound of rushing water was enough. I had a few false starts, trying to tell my sister what I'd learned. I was used to being tongue tied, but not with my little sis. Now I couldn't say anything, and it freaked me out. Rachel didn't help - she just eyed me oddly and started to brush her teeth. Finally, I got it out.

"After you left," I said, "I saw something."

"OK."

"Lindsay and Nick," I said, "I saw them together."

"That's not exactly big news," Rachel said and shrugged. She was wearing another overlong pj shirt with a cartoon character on it. Flounder from Little Mermaid.

"That's not... Dammit I'm doing such a bad job of this. It's what I heard when they were together. She told Nick he was going to. That she. They were going to make you, ummm, be with Nick."

Rachel shook her head. She reached over and turned off the sinks. "Yes, I know," Rachel said.

"You know?" I practically fell backward. Rachel didn't understand what I'd just said to her. What I meant. There was no way. "What do you mean you know?"

"I've known since the first day we got here," Rachel said, "I want it too. Lindsay told me all about it. I've been trying to tell you this whole time, but you weren't listening."

"I don't think you understand what I'm saying, sis."

"Look, Andrew, I get it OK? It's very sweet that you want to protect me. But I'm a big girl. I'm going off to college. Don't be like Mom and Dad, please. You're the only person I have in the world and if I can't trust you then I don't know what I'll do, OK? I know it's scary, but we have to grow up. Be ourselves. You have to let me be myself."

I nodded. Rachel reached out and squeezed my hand. "Besides, I'm pretty sure you're not going to be alone for long, either. She nodded her head subtly back at Lindsay's bedroom.

I pouted for a moment. But then I nodded. I wasn't going to be Nick - that angry, controlling bastard - I knew that. My sister was an individual and if this was what she wanted, then I would have to let her go.

"Thanks, big brother," Rachel said. She leaned up and kissed me on the cheek. Then she slipped past me and went right into Lindsay's room.

I stared after her for a moment. Then I felt Nick shove past me. "Dude, you take too long in the bathroom. I've got a take a massive dump."

*

That night I didn't hear the girls whispering in their room. I just stared up at the ceiling. Tried to find a rhythm in Nick's snoring. I didn't know what to do. We still had three more days at the Callahan house. I couldn't imagine what would happen.

It was so exciting. Being with Lindsay - the little blonde sucking my cock. I mean, it was beyond a dream. A fantasy I'd had my whole life and she was doing it. Even pretending to fuck her had been so... Powerful.

But then, I thought about Lindsay and her brother. That had been powerful, too, in a whole other way. I didn't think Nick was raping her or anything. Lindsay just liked to be dominated a little, I told myself. It was part of the game for her. Getting girls for her brother to fuck was part of it, too. Submitting to her master's wishes.

That story made sense in my head. But I also couldn't help but be terrified of my little sister joining Nick's harem. She said she knew. That she wanted it. Was it really my place to try and stop her? I couldn't get away from that selfish thought, either: If she did go to him - if he got both girls - where did that leave me?

I never formulated an answer. At some point, I got tired of chasing my tail and fell asleep.

*

I woke up the next morning feeling hungover. Or at least, what I imagined being hungover felt like. I'd never had a drink in my life. But my head throbbed and my eyes hurt and my whole body ached in a way that screamed I'd overdone something. Probably a whole bunch of stuff.

To my surprise, Nick was still in bed. "Big day, today," Nick said. He smiled at me.

"Yes?" I asked.

"Oh yes," Nick said. "Suuuper big day."

I started to say something, but I swallowed my tongue. When I stepped outside our room, I saw Lindsay leaning there against the door frame. My sister was in the bathroom, taking a shower. I could see the curtain waving in the wind over Lindsay's shoulder. It was really odd, this no-door thing. Beneficial sometimes, weird always.

"Can we talk for a sec?" Lindsay asked. She reached down and grabbed my hand.

"Yes, of course," I said. Lindsay raised her hand at Nick, telling him to wait where he was. Then she led me downstairs.

We sat down on 'our' couch in the TV room. Lindsay was wearing a ribbed white top with denim shorts. She had her hair in a braid to one side. She looked really good. But then, Lindsay always looked good.

"Rachel said you saw us last night," Lindsay said, "Me and Nick."

"I'm sorry," I said, "I came back from talking to Rachel and I heard you two upstairs."

"So you saw it. Everything."

I nodded. Lindsay looked down at the floor, almost exactly how my sister always did when she was nervous. I wondered who got it from who, originally.

"Nick and I," Lindsay said, "We started fooling around. A while ago. It started by accident. I swear."

"You don't have to tell me this if you don't want to," I said, "It's none of my business."

"I do," Lindsay said, "I want to. It was, like, maybe a week after my eighteenth birthday party. We were watching TV here in this room. My parents were away. I don't know exactly how it started. OK, that's a lie. I totally do. We were watching this new show called Buffy: The Vampire Slayer."

I knew which one she meant. I'd seen it once or twice. It was like your typical high school teenagers show, except the cute blonde chick fought vampires. As I got older, this kind of TV became more common. At the time, it was unique.

"So Nicky says that the blonde girl, Buffy, would be really hot except she doesn't have any tits," Lindsay said.

"Class act," I said.

"It's just Nicky," Lindsay said, "He likes to say those things to me because he knows it gets me worked up. You never tease your little sister?"

I conceded that I did tease Rachel, though never like that. I wanted Rachel to feel good about herself, her body. I couldn't imagine saying something so openly hurtful.

"Well I shot right back at him," Lindsay said, "And he says, 'No Lindsay, it's different. She has little breasts, but you don't have any at all.' We argued back and forth in the dumb brother/sister way. 'No you don't. Yes I do. Then prove it.' So I did. I lifted my shirt right off and showed Nicky my tits. Like he said, they were hardly there. But the look on his face..."

"I can't blame him," I said, "They are pretty amazing."

"Stop," Lindsay said, but she blushed slightly, "So the next night we're watching something else. X-Files, I think. And Mulder comes on screen. So as a joke I say to Nicky, 'That guy would be hot if his dick wasn't so small.' I guess you can figure out how that ended up."

"Nick showed you his, um. His thing," I said. I don't know why the word wouldn't come to me. I can't imagine how I could still be a prude after everything we'd done.

"He took out his dick," Lindsay said. "Yes. It was hard, too, and he said it was because of me. How much I'd turned him on. He told me I had to take care of it. Be a good little sister. I was super turned on, too. I protested, I guess because I thought I should. Did the whole 'but you're my brother' thing. I think that made us both want it even more. Eventually it became an every day thing. I'd stroke him off."

"But it didn't stop there," I said.

"It never does," Lindsay said, "Because if I was going to rub Nicky, well, I wanted him to rub me, too. And if I was OK using my hand on him, why not my mouth?"

"And his mouth?" I asked. I knew the answer to that one.

"OK, so it wasn't exactly a fair exchange," Lindsay said, "But I was OK with it. Especially after... We were up in my bedroom. The door was shut. Usually we did that stuff after school before my parents came home from work, but we'd gotten greedy and started doing it twice: once in the afternoon, once at night. I had Nicky in my mouth and suddenly he pulled it out and said that he wanted it. Wanted to put it in me. I was so hot I didn't even bother arguing. Just lay back and let him."

"Was it good?" I asked.

"Hell no, it hurt like hell," Lindsay said. She laughed a little. "But yes. After. It got really good."

I could see it all, but in my mind's eye it was me and Rachel. Couldn't we have gone down that same path? Just fooling around, almost innocent. But like an avalanche, what starts out small gets bigger and bigger till no one can stop it. I could definitely see that happening. Hell, half the high school thought we already did it.

"Don't judge," Lindsay said.

"I'm not," I said, "I was just thinking. About how easy it would be for me and Rach. For us to go the same way. If things had gone differently."

"One night, Nick and I were fucking. He was pounding me into the carpet here in my room. I was really close and super into it. I could feel him building, too, and I thought... Well maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I let him cum inside me. Just one time. Then I heard a gasp behind us."

"Oh crap."

"Yes. My Mom was standing in the doorway, staring at us both. We stopped, and she screamed. Dad stormed over. They were both super pissed. I mean, I knew what we were doing was wrong. In my heart. I guess that's also what made it so much fun, but..."

"That's why the doors are gone," I said. The idea suddenly dawned on me.

"That's why the doors are gone," Lindsay echoed, "My Dad got really pissed. I know he seems quiet, but Dad can be... It's really frightening. He practically ripped the doors right off their hinges that night. Everything but their own bedroom."

"That must have been terrifying," I said.

"It was awful," Lindsay said, "They started coming home early from work, taking turns in shifts. Watching us all the time. The only reason they stopped was because you guys are here. They thought Nicky and I wouldn't do stuff in front of our friends."

"Well you sure showed them," I said. Lindsay smiled.

"Yes," she said, "Not exactly well planned. We... I mean even when they're around Nicky and I have managed... A few times. But, yes, this is much better. Almost as good as before."

"So, all of this really was just pretend," I said, "To get us involved so you and Nick could..."

"No!" Lindsay said, "No. It was more than that. I swear. And even if it wasn't, I mean, the stuff you do with your tongue and that massive tool of yours would have... I really do like you, Andy. Maybe I shouldn't say this, give you the wrong ideas, but I've had a crush on you for almost forever. I guess everything with Nick just gave me the courage to do something about it." 


"Speak of which, what about Nick?" I asked, "He feels the same way about my... About Rachel?"

"You were there. You heard him," Lindsay said, "He has a thing for your sister, too. We weren't using you guys, I swear. At least, not in the way you were thinking."

"What about what he said?" I asked, "The threatening."

"You heard that, too, huh?" Lindsay asked. I nodded. "Fuck. He was just... Nick loves me and wants to take care of me. That's all. But I promise I would never hurt Rachel. You know your sister, she wouldn't do something she didn't want to.

I supposed I did know her. This whole time, I'd been thinking that Lindsay had some sort of strange control over my sister. But then, when I thought about it, did that seem like my sister? Rachel was shy and eager to please, but she was no pushover. It was often Rachel standing up to the bullies for me, rather than the other way around. Wasn't it much more likely that my sister simply wanted these things to happen? Besides, she'd told me she knew everything, and she was fine with it.

So that was my answer.

"OK?" Lindsay asked, "Are we OK?"

"Yes," I said, "Of course. Thanks. Opening up like that had to be hard to do. I appreciate it."

Lindsay leaned over and kissed me on the cheek. "You're sweet," she said, "I like that."

"Are you sure?" I asked. I couldn't help myself after everything she told me. The way Nick had talked to her.

"Weeellll, I wouldn't mind if you took charge a little," Lindsay said, "Sometimes."

*

After Mr. and Mrs. Callahan left for the day, we gathered around the table for breakfast. When we were finished, we went into the TV room. With everything that had happened, I didn't know what to expect. The porn videos had kept escalating - what were the Callahan kids going to reveal next? Bestiality videos? I couldn't even imagine.

Instead Nick found yet another way to surprise me. He took out Beauty and the Beast.

"I think we need a break," he said. Well, I guess I'd been sort of right. Rachel clapped happily. I knew this was her favorite movie.

Nick turned on the film and all four of us assumed our regular positions - Rachel with him, Lindsay with me. I'd seen this one so many times, I couldn't help but get bored. I started absently tracing up Lindsay's thin, bare leg. I let my finger get to the edge of her shorts. She didn't say anything. I slid up higher. Still nothing.

Well, she'd told me to be bold. I moved my other hand around her chest and groped at her boob. Suddenly Lindsay spun around, and we were kissing, hard. Tongues wrapped together. Her pussy grinding onto my cock.

I risked a glance over and saw that Nick was doing the same with my sister. He'd already gotten her shirt off and was pawing at her breasts while they kissed, their faces obscured by a curtain of Rachel's thick, brown hair.

I reached down and unsnapped Lindsay's shorts. Shoved my hand into her underwear.

"Wait," she said. I froze. My heart sank a little. "Let's... let's give them some privacy," she said. The little blonde nodded over to where her brother and my sister were still making out. "OK?"

I nodded. We slipped off the couch and left the room. If Nick or Rachel noticed, they didn't say anything. They were really going at it.

Lindsay grabbed my hand and led me around the house. I noticed my shorts were starting to slide down my thighs - Lindsay had unsnapped them at some point and I hadn't even realized.

We went upstairs. I expected she was going to pull me into her bedroom. That was pretty hot - it was the place I always pictured us being when I fantasized about Lindsay. Almost like I'd seen her and Nick doing the night before. Only, in my fantasies she was always on top, for some reason.

But Lindsay pulled me right past her bedroom. Instead, we stopped in front of her parent's door. Something about the dark wood seemed foreboding. Maybe I was just used to the lack of doors everywhere. Lindsay reached out and took the knob. Already this felt like something incredibly dangerous.

She opened the door and pulled me inside after her. The Callahans had a massive bed. At least a King, with navy blue sheets and more pillows than I could imagine any couple needing. Their furniture was large and dark as well. There were a couple of windows in the room, but the shades were down, making it dark. On the one wall there was a long, lengthwise mirror. I was still so innocent, it didn't even occur to me what it might be for. Besides, I was distracted by something far more overt, hanging at the foot of the bed.

The painting was massive. It took up the entire wall. It was the one figure, lying on her side and completely naked: Mrs. Callahan. Staring back at me wearing nothing but a sunhat. She had massive tits, unlike her daughter, and thick black curls covered her snatch. The painting was pretty realistic, nothing abstract, and somehow, I knew that Mrs. Callahan had painted it, herself.

How had I ever thought this couple was androgynous? My God. Mr. Callahan with his porn collection for the ages. And now this painting, right there, in front of the marital bed. An eternal come on for the two of them. Holy fuck.

Lindsay didn't seem to even notice the painting. Instead she closed the door behind us and climbed onto the bed. There was a TV in the room and Lindsay switched it on. Some daytime talk show. Just for background noise.

Lindsay patted the spot next to her. I climbed onto the bed - it was surprisingly high up. After days of sleeping on the floor, the mattress felt so soft. Almost luxurious.

As soon as I was next to her, Lindsay reached over and kissed me. It didn't take long for us to get back to where we'd started. As much fun as it had been to fool around with my sister and Lindsay's brother right next to us - to be a voyeur and an exhibitionist - it was nice to finally be able to do things by ourselves. Freeing.

I ripped Lindsay's shirt up over her head. She reached back and unsnapped her bra. I squeezed her little tits. Nuzzled at her nipples. Lindsay rolled me over. She took off my shirt. Pulled down my shorts. My cock sprung out and Lindsay smiled.

"Hello big brother," she said. She reached down and grasped my dick in her hand. I wasn't expecting us to play that game again, but I wasn't complaining. She sat up, lightly stroking my dick. The little blonde's tiny tits bounced with each stroke. I reached down and slid off her shorts. Right down her thin, pink thighs.

Then Lindsay lay down on top of me. Her bare pussy pressed against my cock. We both gasped. Lindsay ground down a bit, a replay of our time before. Then she sat up, grinning lewdly. Took my cock in her right hand. Used her left on her own snatch.

"I wasn't lying before, Andy," Lindsay said, "Your hot body. That big cock. I've wanted it so bad."

"You're so sexy," I said, "Amazing. I've wanted you too. For a long time."

"Yeah?" Lindsay asked. "Would you think about me? When you did stuff?"

"Oh yeah," I said, "All the time."

"Show me," Lindsay said, "Show me how you'd do it. I'll show you."

I took my cock out of my hand and started rubbing it up and down in my fist. Dragging the loose skin over the head. Lindsay reached her hand into herself. Burying two fingers in her puss and rubbing at her clit with her thumb.

"Oh, Lindsay," I said, "I want you so bad."

"Mmhm," Lindsay said, "Me too. I want it. Want it in me. Will you Andy? Stick it inside me? Please? Oh, I need it so bad."

I didn't know if Lindsay was just talking or if she really wanted me to do it. Then she grabbed my cock out of my hand and made her wishes clear. The horny little blonde lifted up on her knees. Centered my cock at her pussy. She laughed, playfully. I looked over and saw the two of us, reflected in the sideways mirror. Wow. There was the whole exhibitionism/voyeur thing all over again. The Callahans were even bigger deviants than I'd realized.

Lindsay gave my cock another squeeze, then slowly lowered herself...

Knock knock knock.

"Dammit," Lindsay said. She rolled off of me. At first, I thought it was her parents and I started to freak out. Then I realized there was no way. The Callahans were at work. And they wouldn't knock on their own door. Certainly not if they had any idea what was going on. Naked Mrs. Callahan looked back at me knowingly.

Another three knocks. They were quiet, shy. But still insistent. I lay back. My cock stuck upwards, looking angry purple. Holy fuck. We'd been so close.

Lindsay opened the bedroom door. My sister stood on the other side, completely naked. She looked like she'd been crying again and I couldn't tell if it was post-cum happiness or actual upset.

Both girls walked into the room, totally naked like it was nothing. Lindsay, blonde and tiny with her pink skin. Her little boobs and nearly hairless pussy. My sister stood next to her, olive skinned with long dark hair. Her massive breasts and fur-covered quim. The two of them almost looked like different species. Yet both so incredibly sexy.

Then my sister sobbed again, and my dirty thoughts slipped away. The two girls climbed onto the edge of the bed and sat cross-legged across from each other. Lindsay held my sister's hands in her own.

"Is everything OK?" Lindsay asked. She seemed legitimately concerned, "Where's Nicky?"

"I don't know," Rachel said, "He stormed off."

Fuck. Something really had gone wrong in the worst way. I just hoped that my Rachel was alright.

"What happened?" Lindsay asked. I moved over so I could sit next to the two of them. My cock was still hard, inappropriately, so I sort of squeezed it down with my legs. Unfortunately, that only made it harder.

"We, ummm, we were doing stuff," Rachel said, "Like before. And, um, he took out his thing. I sucked it a little. Like you told me."

Lindsay nodded like this was perfectly normal. "Go on."

"So, I was trying to get him to, y'know, go. Like you said - so he'd, like, last? But then he pushed me away. I thought he was going to lick me. The way Andrew did."

Lindsay shook her head. "He's such an ass about that."

"So, then he said that I was dirty for wanting him to do it," Rachel said, "He called me a slut. Said I was lucky that he'd even want to touch my hairy c... He used a word I don't want to say."

Oh no. I was going to kill him. Absolute murder in cold blood. It was going to happen. Lindsay seemed to tell I was seeing red because she grabbed my arm and held it tight. Then she nodded for my sister to continue.

"Nick pushed me onto my back. He spread my legs. Moved forward like he was going to...To put it in me. But when he tried to get his thing in it just... stopped. And, oh, it really hurt. You told me it would be painful but..."

I remembered fingering my sister before. How even my pointer had felt like it was too thick for Rachel's pussy. I'd wondered how she'd ever fit a cock and I guess I got my answer then. She couldn't.

"Did he try again?" Lindsay asked.

"A few times. He kind of got the head in me, finally, and then it stopped. Oh, Lindsay, it hurt so bad. Like this awful, burning tearing. And then suddenly he jumped back and... He came everywhere. I looked at my sister closely and, sure enough, there were spatters of white liquid on her chest and arms. Crusting and dry. I don't know how I didn't notice before, but then, I was pretty distracted by all the boobs and pussies.

Lindsay sat, silent for a moment. As if seriously considering everything that had been said. Then she burst out laughing. "That big doofus," she said between peals, "He wanted it so bad and then he finally did it and... poof! I told him he wouldn't last. What an ass."

Rachel looked at her friend rolling in the sheets. Her bright green eyes were wide.

"I'm sorry," Lindsay said, "That really sucks. I just... God, I'm really sorry my big brother is such a big dope." She sat up and smiled, "Are you OK? Seriously."

"I'm fine," Rachel said, "Just embarrassed. He, um, yelled at me. Said it was all my fault."

"It's not," I said, "Not at all."

"Andy's right," Lindsay said, "Don't worry. I'll talk to Nick after he calms down."

Rachel seemed to relax, then. She leaned back on her hands. She looked over at the painting and her jaw dropped, but she didn't say anything. Lindsay got up and went to her parents' master bathroom. She came back holding cups of water for all three of us. She was still smiling, cackling, about how her brother had, literally, blown his opportunity.

"What about this?" Rachel asked, "You guys. How did it..."

"We were about to start when you stopped us," Lindsay said.

"Oh fuck, Oh I'm so sorry," Rachel said, "Why didn't you say anything?"

"What, you come to my door crying and I tell you to fuck off?" Lindsay said, she climbed back up on the bed with her cup, "That's not happening."

"Fuck, I'm really sorry," Rachel said, she looked at both of us. "I'll go and then you two can..."

"It's OK," Lindsay said, "I'm pretty sure the moment's gone."

If she'd looked at my cock, she'd have seen that the moment was definitely not gone. But I also knew better than to say anything about it.

"Are you sure?" Rachel asked, "I know you wanted this for a long time. What if I left the room and you..."

"It's OK," I said. It wasn't really, but I also knew I was going to get more mileage out of being a good brother rather than a horny boy.

"I thought you said that boys couldn't handle being left, um, like that," Rachel said.

"They can't," Lindsay said, "Your brother is more understanding than most."

"Well I don't want him to be in pain," Rachel said, "Maybe we should help him."

"You little slut," Lindsay said, smiling, "Getting covered in my brother's cum wasn't enough for you, was it?"

"I want to do right by my brother," Rachel said, "But, I mean, it's not like I got off from... You know, before." My sister turned pink and looked at the comforter, but I could see she was smiling.

"Oh, if we must," Lindsay said. She leaned over and kissed me on the lips. It wasn't like

before - more begrudging than passionate. But slowly we started up again and I could feel the blonde's body start to relax. For a moment, I worried that Nick might come back and interrupt us all over again, but then I decided I didn't care about what might happen. I had to enjoy myself in the moment.

While Lindsay kissed me, Rachel sort of shyly ran her hands over my chest and legs.

"He's got a great body, your brother," Lindsay said.

"Yeah," Rachel said, absently.

"And that big dick," Lindsay said, she reached down and gave my cock - already hard and getting so much harder - a squeeze. "If he was my brother, I'm not sure what I'd do."

"Actually, I think I know exactly what you'd do," Rachel said.

Lindsay laughed. "Yes, probably." The blonde stopped kissing me and looked right at my sister. "You can't tell me you wouldn't do any different."

"I don't know," Rachel said, "It's so... wrong."

"And you want it so bad," Lindsay said. She grabbed my sister's hand and put it on my cock. Rachel gasped, but she held on. "Tell me. Tell me you don't want that magnificent brother cock."

"I... I do," Rachel said, "Oh, I feel so bad but I really do."

"Tell me where that dick was made to go," Lindsay said.

"In my mouth," Rachel said, she was staring down at my dick. Stroking it with a confidence I'd never seen her show before. "In my pussy."

"Where?" Lindsay asked.

"In his sister's pussy," Rachel said.

"That's a good girl," Lindsay said. She patted my sister's head. "Now are you going to share it with me or be a selfish little slut?"

"Yes. I want to," Rachel said, "Want you to. I want to see it."

"Say it," Lindsay said, "Tell your brother what you want."

"Andrew, I want to see you fuck my best friend with your big dick," Rachel said, "I want you to fuck Lindsay for me. While I watch."

I stared down at where Rachel was still rubbing my cock. Entranced. I hadn't even thought to grab her tremendous tits I was so locked into the moment.

Lindsay gently pushed Rachel away and then straddled me. I was sitting up and the little blonde climbed into my lap. Facing forward. My dick pointed straight up at her center. Showing me where it so desperately wanted to go. Lindsay kissed me hard. I reached up and pulled at her nipples. She growled.

"Do it Rachel," Lindsay said, "Put it in me. Stick your brother's cock in my pussy."

Rachel slipped her hand around my cock. She aimed it at Lindsay's snatch. Then slid it back till the head was nestled between the blonde's nether lips. All three of us sighed in unison.

"Here we go," Lindsay said. She pushed down. My cock went in about a third of the way. Holy fuck! I thought I knew what it was like. The pleasure. Being held by a girl's hand. In her mouth. Even rubbing our sexes skin to skin. It was nothing compared to the warmth, the wet, the hugging tightness of Lindsay's pussy. And I wasn't even halfway in.

"Fuck you feel so good," I said.

"Fuck you feel so big," Lindsay said. "Hang on." She lifted her self up, then slid down a bit further. We both groaned. Oh God. Oh God Oh God OH GOD.

Lindsay lifted herself up one last time, and then she was able to take me in entirely. Her tiny bottom bounced against my balls. She let out a deep breath. Still sitting in my lap, Lindsay's legs were wrapped around my back. I hugged her close. She kissed me lightly on the lips.

"Wow," I said.

"Wow," she agreed.

"Wow," Rachel said. She looked us over like an inspector at a construction site. Just making sure everything's been attached according to specifications!

"Your brother," Lindsay said, "He's inside me. So big."

Rachel smiled, she rubbed Lindsay's head, mimicking what the blonde girl usually did to her in these moments. "I'm sure Andrew loves to hear that."

"No, I mean it," Lindsay said, "I feel really full. Fuck that's nice."

I couldn't help myself. The feeling of being buried in Lindsay's snatch was incredible and yet all I could do was want more. I reached under her little buns and lifted her up. Slid my cock back and forth. Our movement made wet squelching sounds.

"Don't cum yet," Lindsay said. Begged. "Oh, I know you want to, baby, but not yet, OK? Hang on." Lindsay reached down between us and started to rub her clit. "Yes. Let me get mine. Then you can have yours. Promise."

"Here, let me help you with that," Rachel said. She reached between her brother and her best friend. Pushed Lindsay's hand away and replaced it with her own. She started rubbing at Lindsay's clit and the little blonde almost screamed.

"Fuck! Oh fuck that's nice."

"Like you said," Rachel said, "Practically the same parts."

"Uh huh."

I did my best to stay still. My little sister's fingers tickled the base of my cock while she smooshed Lindsay's clitty back and forth. It was so hard though - not to thrust. To not even move a little bit.

"Almost... Almost there," Lindsay said. My sister was clearly doing a bang-up job. Lindsay started to arch backward. Her cunt squeezed down on my cock. She threw her head back.

"HrrrrrrrrrrAH! AH! Oh YES!" Lindsay shouted and then stiffened. Her face went red and she gasped. Her pussy had me so hard I could feel myself getting close and I was about to push her off but then... No. Lindsay slowly relaxed. Her pussy felt plenty tight but not the death grip from before.

The little blonde laughed. She ran her hands over Rachel's cheeks and kissed my little sister. "That's a girl. That's a good girl. Oh yes. Perfect."

Rachel flushed with pride.

"Oh, don't worry," Lindsay said, now looking at me, "I didn't forget you." She pushed me back into the bed. Hung over me, my cock in her pussy, and stretched back. As if showing me how we were connected. 


Lindsay lifted herself up slowly, and then back down. Her pussy felt even tighter now. Like her orgasm had stiffened her up. She rocked back and forth. Faster. I could see the skin of her snatch holding on to my cock as she went. Up down. Up down.

It was incredible and all I could do was lay back while the little blonde rode my dick. Oh my God it was more amazing than I'd ever imagined it. I heard a gasp and looked over. Rachel was on the floor, rubbing herself on the carpet. Her face practically glowing.

I patted the mattress. "Come here," I said. Rachel climbed up onto the bed. I wiggled my fingers at her, to say that I'd help her out. But she misunderstood. My sister straddled me with her muscular thighs. Lowered her pussy onto my head. Both best friends now faced each other. What could I do? I leaned up and licked at my little sister's hungry twat.

I heard her gasp. "Ssssoooo good," she said.

"Oh yes," Lindsay said. She was rutting really hard now. The bed squeaked and crashed. If anyone was in the house, having the door closed wasn't going to help. But no one interrupted us. Rachel rode my face while Lindsay slammed herself on my dick.

"Oh fuck," Lindsay said, apparently fucking made her like to talk. "That big dick. It feels so good. I think I'm going to. Fuck."

"His tongue. So good," Rachel said.

"You going to cum?" Lindsay asked.

"Yeah. Yes."

"Me too," Lindsay said, "Oh FUCK. I've never cum just from a cock before. Never cum twice in one... Fuck you're fucking brother's fucking breaking me."

"Me too," Rachel said.

I lay under both of them, subject to their whims. Lindsay's little pussy had me getting close, I could feel it. Yet I hadn't burst yet and I was so proud of myself. Honestly. I didn't want to be like Nick, just shooting off. Hearing that both the girls were about to cum made me feel better than anything else they'd said. Though the stuff about my big dick didn't hurt, either.

Rachel stiffened. She ground her pussy down onto my mouth. Her legs clamped around my head. I heard her gasp. Then she threw her head back and let out a long thin squeal.

Lindsay, as if directly wired to my sister's pussy, suddenly stiffened. "Oh. OH FUCK I can't believe I'm going to... FUCK!"

Lindsay's orgasm overtook her. Her pussy went from tight to impossible. It squeezed down on my cock and suddenly I knew I was about to cum. I started to move back, but both girls held me down tight. I tried to say something, but my voice was swallowed by my sister's bottom. All that struggling made it worse. And suddenly my cock BURST.

A stream of my sperm exploded right into Lindsay's unprotected pussy. Swallowed whole by the little blonde's incredible, fertile womb. The pleasure overwhelmed me.

"Oh FUCK, Rachel it's..." Lindsay cried. Rachel shot forward and wrapped her arms around her best friend. Not understanding what Lindsay was saying. Holding her there, shaking, as blast after blast of her brother's semen splashed into her best friend's bare snath. Inseminated her right there in her parent's bedroom.

Lindsay cried out. Her orgasm peaking even higher than before. I could feel her cunt squeezing me for more. Milking me. Oh God it was incredible. My orgasm rippled out of my cock, up my arms and back.

Rachel's orgasm finally ended, and she slid to the side. The last ebbs of my pleasure shot through and I finally saw Lindsay's face as she tremored with each ejaculation. She looked down at where our groins met. Wracked with pleasure. Swallowed by fear.

Lindsay carefully lifted herself up. A thin string of my cum still connected my cock with her pussy.

"Oh fuck," Rachel said. "Did he?"

"Oh my God," Lindsay said. A thick glob of my semen dripped out of her pussy and landed on my stomach. "He. I mean. It's so much."

"Lindsay I'm sorry, I tried to stop," I said, "Rachel was on top of me and I tried to get away but..."

"Oh fuck," Lindsay said. Another huge glob of sperm fell out of her pussy. Another little orgasm ripped through her body. "Oh fuck oh fuck oh fuck." She might not have wanted my seed inside her, but her womb was focused on the exact opposite - gathering as much sperm as it could. Like stuffing itself full.

The little blonde leapt up and ran to the nearby bathroom. I heard the sink squeak on and a rush of water.

"Oh, Andrew, you didn't," Rachel said. She looked at me angrily.

"I tried to stop, I swear," I said. "It felt so good and when it happened... Why didn't you help?"

"I didn't... I couldn't," Rachel looked at me, green eyes wide, "I mean, I didn't realize you were... Cumming." She looked down at my dick. It jerked at her, happily. Covered in her friend's juices and my cum. A last little bit dribbled out onto my thigh.

*

Rachel and I sat in the bedroom. We didn't say a word. Just listened to Lindsay as she washed herself. I kept waiting for Nick to bust in. I honestly would have been relieved if he had opened the door, seen what had happened, and beaten the crap out of me. I'd have felt rightfully punished. He never did. Where did that boy go?

Finally, after what seemed like a really long time, Lindsay came out of the bathroom. Her eyes were red like she'd been crying. Her whole body was pink. Over-scrubbed. She flopped down on the edge of the bed. Stared at the floor.

"Fuck, Lindsay, I'm so sorry," I said, "I really am."

"I'm probably not pregnant," she said, "I mean, I got most of it out. God there was a lot. But, I mean, I think I'm OK. It'll be OK."

Rachel went over and hugged her friend. Lindsay pushed her away. Looked at my brunette sister, oddly. Like she was putting something together.

"Andy you tried to warn me," she said, "You were about to cum."

"I did," I said, "I'm so so sorry. Whatever it takes, I'll take care of it. You know that."

"But I couldn't hear you because Rachel was over your head," Lindsay said, "And when I tried to tell you that he was cumming in me... Rach, what happened?"

"I didn't understand," Rachel said, "I thought you were cumming so hard that you needed me to... I didn't know. Oh God, Lindsay I'm so sorry. What can I do? How can I make this right?"

Lindsay suddenly stood up. A smile snuck across her face. "I think you should have to do what I just did."

"You want me to... To fuck Andrew?"

"And let him cum in you," Lindsay said.

"But Lindsay," Rachel said, "I'm not on the pill. We don't have any condoms. If he cums inside my pussy he'll get me... Pregnant."

"It's only fair, after all," Lindsay said. Rachel stared back at her friend, the horror creeping up her face.

"I won't do it," I said.

"Yes, you will," Lindsay said, "You want your sister so bad and you know it. You really going to tell me you're going to give up your one chance to fuck her?"

"Andrew, I love you," Rachel said, "I promise. Another time. We'll use condoms or you can pull out I promise. Just not now." But it was already too late. I could feel it in my heart. There wasn't going to be another chance. Something would always get in the way. The moment was now, or it was never. Lindsay was right.

The little blonde walked over to Rachel and pushed her back. "Tell him," Lindsay said, "Tell your brother you want him."

"No," Rachel said, "Not like this."

"Yes, like this," Lindsay said, "You made me fuck your brother. You shoved his cock inside me. You knew I wasn't safe. And when he came, you made sure he couldn't stop. You made him knock me up. It's not fair, Rachel. If I have to have your brother's baby, you have let him knock you up too."

It was, clearly, not a good argument. But it hardly mattered. I'd seen Lindsay's force of personality before. I'd watched her command us to do all kinds of stuff and, obediently, we'd let her. This was just one more down the string. Impossibly, Rachel lay back on the bed. Spread her legs.

"Tell him," Lindsay said.

Rachel looked at me, eyes wide with fear. "Please," she said.

I climbed up on the bed, my cock somehow even harder than before. I looked down at my sister. Her massive chest heaving. That hairy pussy open wide. I saw a bit of Rachel's lubrication leak out. Oh fuck. Her eyes widened with fear as she looked at my spear. Aimed right at her.

Lindsay jumped up on the bed and climbed behind my sister. Gently wrapped her arms around Rachel's upper chest. Holding her there. She stroked my sister's hair and cooed. "Hang on baby, here it comes."

Like on autopilot, I climbed between my sister's legs. Aimed my cock at her cunt.

"That's it Andy. There's a good boy," Lindsay said, "Stick it in your sister."

I lined myself up and slid forward. Holy FUCK my sister was tight. I could barely get the head in before her pussy clamped down.

"Oh!" Rachel cried. She shook her head, "It's too big. Lindsay please it's... Please."

"It's fine," Lindsay said, "Andy's cock was made for his little sister's pussy. You'll see."

I pulled back and then slid a little further in. Rachel shivered. Her eyes got big and she looked like she was about to cry. I rocked in and out. Her pussy gripped on to me. Rachel started panting heavily.

I drew back.

"Give it to her Andy," Lindsay said.

I drove my dick forward and filled my sister completely. She screamed, "Oh God!"

My balls slapped against her butt. I fell forward and held my sister close. Felt her huge tits press against my chest. Lindsay stroked our heads both. "There you go. That wasn't so bad was it?"

Rachel was sobbing. I pushed myself up and looked into her eyes. I kissed her on the lips and, miraculously, she pressed her tongue into my mouth. I reached down and squeezed her gigantic tits. Holy fuck they were fantastic. Even better now with both of us intimately connected. I took my time with them. Hefting and squeezing. Teasing the nipples. I leaned over and sucked at each one. It felt more like worship.

"Stop wasting time and fuck your sister," Lindsay snapped. She really didn't like it when people appreciated Rachel's chest.

I drew my dick back a bit and then slammed into my sister. The need to fuck took hold of me. To drive straight into my baby sis until I reached my absolute peak. Lindsay cradled Rachel's head. My sister's eyes kept getting wider and wider with something like amazement. Then she suddenly stiffened. Threw her head back.

"Oh fuck my brother is making me... CUM!" Rachel shook and squealed. She started crying all over again. Buckets of tears ran down her face and I don't think even she knew if it was pleasure or misery.

I kept fucking her. Her tight pussy felt so good. Lindsay had been amazing but this was so much more. Tighter and wetter and I couldn't escape the fact that it was my sister. My sibling. My love. We moved together like we'd been working at this for eons. Grunting and groaning like animals. Lindsay egging us on.

"That's it. Fuck your sister. Give it to her good."

I felt my orgasm approaching. Rachel's breath hitched again.

"Getting close," I said.

"Fill her up," Lindsay said, smiling wickedly, "Put your baby in your baby sis."

"Andrew," Rachel said, "Please."

I didn't stop to wonder. I didn't pause and think about what I was about to do. I reared back.

With Lindsay it had been an explosion. Cumming in my sister was like an atom bomb. Unstoppable uncontrollable destructive ripping apart everything in its path.

"Ohfuck, ohhhhhhhhh YES!"

A geyser of sperm - not a burst but like a river - shot out of me and into my sister's fertile pussy. She screamed and shook.

"Oh fuck. Oh. Oh. OH! He's cumming in me oh fuck. My brother's filling me up!"

The ecstasy overwhelmed me like drowning in the ocean. Tossing, turning, gasping for air all of it swallowing me up as I bellowed out every blast of fertility into my little sister's unprotected pussy.

Lindsay held onto Rachel tight while her best friend bucked against the bed. "Shhhhh," the blonde girl said, "It's OK. I've got you. It's alright. Take it. Like a good sister should."

Another explosion. Then another. I filled my sister with everything I had and then gave her some more besides. Nineteen years-worth of frustrated fertility - like I'd never cum before in my life and all that time was simply saving up for this moment.

I looked down and saw that Rachel was sobbing, her body trembling with orgasm after orgasm. Her body betraying her with every cum. Gradually, my pleasure subsided but Rachel seemed to beg for more. Her back arched, eyes rolled back, like trying to get one more orgasm out of herself.

"Oh such a good boy!" Lindsay said, "Such a good job cumming in your sister like that." She reached up and pet my cheek. Gave me a little kiss. "I'm so proud of you."

I looked down and the reality of what I'd done suddenly took hold of me. My little sister's cunt was bright red. A thin stream of my sperm was already leaking out of it. She was crying, hard. Weeping.

"Oh God. Oh..." Rachel mumbled, again and again. She reached down to her pussy and pulled out a palmful of sperm. Stared at it fearful.

Seeing her work was done, Lindsay got up from the bed.

"I'm going to try to go find, Nicky," she said, "I wonder where that boy got off to?"

I looked over at my sister and felt so ashamed. Awful. I climbed up into the bed and wrapped my arms around her. Held her tight. She didn't fight back. Just trembled in my arms.

"Oh Rachel," I said, "I'm so sorry. I don't know what came over me. I just..."

"It's OK," Rachel said, she looked up at me and smiled, "Lindsay's right. It was... It's only fair."

"Are you sure?" I asked.

Rachel leaned in and kissed me. "Is my loving brother holding me right now? Then yes. Everything is fine."

*

We cleaned everything up before the Callahans came home. All six of us sat down to dinner. It was the usual uncomfortable silence, but I found that comforting somehow.

Nick wouldn't even look in my direction the whole time. He seemed distant. Distracted. After dinner, he went into the TV room with his Dad. Lindsay, Rachel, and I marched upstairs. The girls went into their bedroom. There was no door to shut, but I felt it slam anyway.

I went and brushed my teeth by myself. Lay down in my sleeping bag. I didn't know what to do. The guilt and shame overwhelmed me. I heard the two girls talking. Just like every other evening. Only now, I was afraid of what they could be saying, rather than aroused by it.

Yet, for some reason, I couldn't help myself. I slipped out into the hallway.

"Well, you got what you wanted," Lindsay said, "Was it worth it?"

"Oh fuck yes," Rachel said, "I'm just so glad I got to share it with you. My best friend."

"You're sure this is OK?" Lindsay said, "I felt so terrible in that moment."

"OK?" Rachel said, "It went even better than I planned! Now I've got my brother's cock forever and you're free of stupid, useless Nick."

"I do feel kind of bad for my brother," Lindsay said.

"He was an asshole," Rachel said, "He treated you like crap and then couldn't even make you cum. I mean, come on. I think everybody here got what they deserved. You're a hell of an actor, though, I'll tell you."

"Me?" Lindsay said, "You were amazing. Your whole 'oh no don't do it to me' thing. I was starting to wonder if it really was true."

"Well we both get the award," Rachel said, "This is going to be so great."

"You were right this whole time," Lindsay said, "I mean, how did you even know he was listening all those times?"

Rachel looked up at the open door, like she could somehow see me standing in the hallway. Like her sight went right through the wood paneling. Through my body and right to my soul. It froze as it all dawned on me at once. This whole time it had been Rachel. Rachel who'd been pushing Lindsay to do these things. Rachel who'd known I was listening, pretended to be all innocent and afraid. Rachel who'd knocked up Lindsay on purpose and then tricked me into doing the same to my own sister.

I felt overwhelmed. My breath caught in my chest. My heart raced. I slumped back against the wall.

"I told you," Rachel said, "I know my big brother. He'll take such good care of both of us. Now if only someone with a big, hard dick would come in here and give us girls another full load. You know, just to make sure everything is all set.

I pictured Rachel and Lindsay sitting there, waiting for me. In that moment, I didn't care about how I'd gotten to this place. Only that I was there.

Rachel had me completely and I knew it. Even better, I found I was content with it in a way that I couldn't explain. Only enjoy. Without another word, I walked into Lindsay's bedroom and my crazy, incomprehensible, wonderful future.

