Stephanie Tops Her Family
bysusurrus©

Stephanie stood at the full-length mirror on her closet door, admiring her eighteen year old body. Slowly, sensuously, she unbuttoned her blouse, one deliberate button at a time. Finally, it hung open, revealing her full, but not overly large, breasts encased in a white, very utilitarian bra. She frowned a little at that, but it was the first thing she'd grabbed that morning, since she overslept and had to rush to get to school on time. The objectionable bra came off quickly, and so Steph stood there in her almost too-tight jeans, and nothing else.

Her fingers caressed the underside of her just-right breasts, before circling the areola, with their quickly hardening nipples. She was really proud of her nipples, because when she got really aroused, they were nearly rock-hard and about the size of the tip of her little finger. They were well on their way to full hardness as she circled them with her fingers and lightly pinched them while she played. Caressing as she went, she took a tit in each hand and savored the feel of her perfect-handful breasts, then gave them a little squeeze.

Stephanie loved the feel of her tits in her hands; the silky skin, their weight, and especially the fact that just touching them like this could get her so horny. It could sometimes be kind of embarrassing to get so worked up by touching her breasts, especially showering after gym class, but she loved the sensation so much she didn't let "inappropriate" times keep her from enjoying herself.

From caressing her whole breast, Steph pulled her hands slowly outward, keeping her fingers in contact with her tits, until only two fingers of each hand remained, enclosing each nipple. A slight gasp escaped her mouth as she played with her nipples a little, then suddenly, she clamped down, hard.

A cry of pain, surprise and, most of all, arousal echoed off the walls of her room as she pinched her nipples with all her might. Her pussy moistened at the sensation, and the harder she bore down, the wetter it got. It took a monumental effort not to release them and spare herself the pain, but the delicious feeling that accompanied the pain wouldn't be denied. Suddenly, she let up on the pressure her fingers created, and moaned at the feeling of the blood rushing back into the nips, then without giving herself time to get used to the feeling, squeezed again as hard as she could.

She was moaning openly now. She knew her brother would be home soon, but she wanted this to last. Besides, it wasn't like she didn't know her brother had seen her play with herself before, in fact, she'd actually made sure a few times that he had something to look at.

Letting go of her nipples, she lightly ran her hands down her belly to the top of her blue jeans. Sensuously, she unbuttoned each button on the fly, then wriggled them off her hips and down her legs and off. Again, for the same reason as the bra, her underwear was screamingly dull. Making a face, she whisked off the boring panties and turned to the mirror.

Now, totally nude, she could really get into enjoying herself. She diddled her fingers around in her pubic bush, tugging on them a little, feeling how thick it was. She knew there were boys, and probably a few girls (at least those that weren't in her gym classes), who wondered if she was a blond all over. Well, they'd know if they could see her now. The hair at her pussy was as light colored as the hair on her head. She knew what a rarity that was, and thought it made her just that much more special.

Running one hand down her thigh (the other had made its way back to her breasts), she lightly ran her fingernails all the way up the inside of her thigh until they reached her thick-furred cunt. Once there, her fingers went to work.

Avoiding her clit right away, her fingers played all around her pussylips, just touching the skin, making her shudder with delight. They then went to the lips themselves, pulling on them and caressing them, before pushing a finger up inside her cunt.

Steph loved playing with herself. She had to, since even though there were any number of boys at school who'd love to get into her panties, she still hadn't had the nerve to actually go all the way. A couple of times she'd gotten close to losing her cherry, but at the last minute, she chickened out, and thank god the boys had satisfied themselves with getting a blow job. Stephanie loved sex, she knew how good it could make her feel, and she really enjoyed dressing in sexy underwear, but she still didn't know if she could get herself to let a guy fuck her.

Anyway, while she was fingering her pussy hole, Steph reached out her thumb and gave her clit a good rub. At that, she jumped a little, and let out a long, low moan. Once she started working on her clit, Stephanie almost never let go, until she had two or three crashing orgasms. This time, however, she was on her way to a night out with some friends, and had to get dressed.

She sighed, then went to her dresser and got some underwear. This time, however, she picked it more carefully than she had this morning.

Steph put on her bra, a lacy little thing that only just barely covered her tits, and was sheer enough that you could practically see right through it. Next, she started to put on a garter belt that matched the bra, then rolled stockings up her legs and attached them. She stood before the mirror and admired how well the black lace of the garter belt framed her blond pussy mound. Giving her clit another quick rub, she reached back and got her panties and put them on. These were a really lacy number with a thong back and they hid virtually nothing. As underwear, they were worthless, but as something that could make a girl feel really sexy and good about herself, they were great.

Just as she was ready to open the closet and start looking for the right dress to wear with something like this, Stephanie heard a sound outside her door. She turned to see that it was partly open, and saw her twin brother, Reggie, through the crack.

Suddenly, she didn't feel like giving him a show. Before he could have a chance to run away, she dashed to the door and flung it open, knocking Reg onto his ass on the hallway floor. His pants were around his knees and his hard-on stuck out from between his shirt tails. After a few moments staring up at Stephanie with a shocked look on his face, he realized his state, and reached down to try to arrange himself.

"Stop right there, asshole," Stephanie ordered. Reggie hesitated at the words and tone of voice she used. He'd never heard his sister talk to him like that. But his sense of propriety once more took over, and he tried to cover up his teenaged woody; he was starting to get a little embarrassed.

"Drop your hands."

Stunned, he complied.

"Sit up."

Once again, he followed the order.

"Unbutton your shirt."

Partly scared at the situation, Reggie popped open the front of his shirt until it hung loose. A distant part of him wondered why he hadn't gone soft, yet.

"Remove your shirt and pants."

All of a sudden, he realized that if he did that, he'd be completely naked in front of his sister. Granted, she was pretty naked herself, in fact, she looked downright fantastic. That thought made his dick throb. So, he quickly shrugged off the shirt and sat back and threw off his pants.

Now, Reggie was perfectly nude before his scantily clad, really sexy-looking sister. This bossy side of her was something he knew she had, but she'd never sounded like this, or told him to do things like this before.

Stephanie, while this was all going on, was partially viewing herself from a distance. Where was this all coming from? She'd never been so demanding before, and surely not like this. But now that it was happening, she was getting really turned on; by the ordering, and most of all, by the fact that Reggie was doing what she told him to. The power trip was really making her pussy juice up.

"Back on your knees, shithead. Hands behind your back.

"So, you like watching me, huh?"

Reggie nodded.

"You think that's alright?"

He started, "Well, I think that sometimes you..."

She interrupted, "Shut up! Yes, you're right. At times I knew you were watching me, and I realized you were stroking your cock while doing so. I'll admit, sometimes I put on little shows for you. It turned me on to know I was sexy enough to get even my own brother hard. That's over. Your hard-ons now belong to me. There will be no more jacking off without my permission. Is that clear?"

Reggie damn near came right then and there. He hadn't realized he had this side to him. But here he was, turned on like never before at hearing that his sister now was the mistress of his cock. The thought scared and aroused him. Surely this was wrong, yet, his cock seemed to be saying it was okay. That dilemma supposedly resolved, his submissive side took over again.

"Yes."

"Yes, what, slave?"

Reggie's eyes snapped up to look at Stephanie's face. He was surprised to hear himself called "slave" like that, yet some perverse side of him really relished the thought of being his sister's sex slave. He bowed his head again. "Yes, mistress."

"Yes, mistress, what?"

Now he was a little confused. What else could she want him to say? He'd just agreed to what she'd said... Then, it dawned on him. She wanted to hear him say it. His cock twitched a little as he said to his sister,

"Yes, mistress, my hard cock is yours. I will not cum without your permission."

Stephanie nearly wet herself at that. She'd never before had control of someone like this, but now that she had it, she didn't think she could stand to lose it. Even though she was still a virgin (surprisingly enough, considering some of the girls she hung out with), she still had a strong sex drive, and it was so hard to maintain her principles while her hormones were screaming out at her to get fucked, but so far, she'd won out. Now, here was the strongest aphrodisiac she'd ever heard of: power, control, and she liked it! This would allow her to get a sexual kick and still keep her own agenda on her virginity.

Now, she turned back to where her brother knelt on the upstairs hallway floor, eyes downcast, waiting for what was coming next.

"Come into my room."

Reggie started to rise, but Steph stopped him. "On your hands and knees, like a good slave always enters his mistress's room." As her brother leaned forward and caught his weight on his outstretched hands, she turned and went into her room, not looking back to see if he'd follow, she knew he would.

While she waited for Reggie to come in, Stephanie rummaged around in her closet for a pair of black heels that would go with her garter belt ensemble. When she turned around after putting on the sexiest pair of shoes she could find, she found her brother back on his knees, hands behind his back, eyes downcast, hard prick pointing straight toward the ceiling. She noticed a drop of precum at the head of his cock, and a shiny streak down one side, where the previous drop or drops had run. Part of her wanted to lay back on her bed and rub her cunt until she came, she was so horny from the power rush, but she knew that, at least at present, she needed to think of something to do with her brother... And then, it came to her.

"Slave, I want you to come closer to the edge of my bed." Reggie crawled to her bedside. "Now, I want you to stay right there. You are not to move. Anything. Ah, yes, just in case..." She went to her dresser and pulled out a couple of pairs of nylons, and picked up the horrid pair of underpants she had worn to school. Tying Reggie's hands behind his back, she told him, "This will make sure you don't touch your prick...." then she shoved the panties into his mouth and tied them in place with the second pair of nylons, "And this will make sure you don't get any other smart alecky ideas."

Stephanie then sat down on the edge of her bed, facing her bound brother, and pulled aside the crotch of her lacy panties. "See here? This is what you've only been able to see from a distance. I bet you always wished you could be this close while you were beating off to me, huh? Well, dickhead, I'm now going to get off on you. And there won't be a damn thing you can do about it.

"My pussy is so fucking wet, you could probably smell me if you were still out in the hall. You can't believe how horny you've made me, being my little brother-slave. Get used to it. I've got plans for you.

"Now, asshole, I'm going to put on a show, and you're going to watch. And you're not going to be able to stroke along. Don't you dare cum, even so. I know how horny you guys are."

With that, Stephanie started to rub her clit. She gasped in surprise. She hadn't realized that she was so horny that she was almost ready to cum with just a single touch of her pussy. Fighting back the urge to just let it all go - she wanted this to last a little bit - Steph let off her clit immediately and just started to gently rub all around her lips, pulling on them, caressing them. A moan escaped her lips when she slipped a finger, then two, inside her hot, slick cunt. She really was wet, they went in with no effort at all. After a short moment's thought, she added a third finger, and started to really plunge her hand into her throbbing hole. Working her thumb against her clit at the same time, she was getting extremely close to a crashing orgasm.

Reggie was moaning against the panty-gag, his cock twitching and throbbing , wanting just some slight sensation in order to release the backed-up torrent of jism that waited impatiently for its chance. He thrust his hips back and forth, trying to get in contact with something, the bed, Steph's foot, her leg, anything. This had to be the most arousing thing he'd ever seen, ever experienced, and here he was, unable to do anything about it!

But, then again, maybe that was what made it so arousing. If he'd been able to touch himself, he'd have shot off already, and even though he could always cum a second time, the first was always best. Anyway, if he'd cum already, he'd be winding down before the second time, and he wouldn't be able to enjoy fully the show that his sister was putting on for him. Being forced to watch something that he wanted to see should have put him off, but he only wanted it more. Steph was writhing on the bed, her fingers frantic on her soaked cunt. She was really close to cumming. Reggie thought his sister never looked sexier than she did right now. Just when Reg thought he was going to burst, Steph's hips quivered involuntarily, and she screamed at the top of her lungs. Reggie nearly came with his sister - even though he hadn't touched his cock - but he never was able to get himself over the edge.

Stephanie sat up after a few minutes, breathing hard. Her hair was kind of messy, but Reggie thought that just added to the sexy, sort-of-slutty look her outfit gave her. Reg was still twitching a little, his little animal mind having taken over his body, while his brain thought out other things.

Steph looked him over with a slight look of disgust on her face, then reached between her legs and rubbed her hand in her sloppy wet cunt, then reached out to Reggie's face. He wondered what she wanted him to do, since he was gagged, but found out when she kept going and rubbed her juices on his face. She grabbed the back of his head with one hand while the other smeared her pussy cream all over his cheeks, over his eyes, across his nose, chin and mouth, and then into his hair. When she was done, his face glistened a little, his hair was a disaster, and he smelled very pungently of cunt.

Sitting back to admire her handiwork, Stephanie said, "Very nice, slave. You look good with my juice all over you. I hope you like it. Also, you did well not touching yourself, ha ha. However, I did say you were not to move. At all. And I noticed a couple of times that you were anything but still. I think you deserve punishment for not following orders. What do you think?" Of course, Reg could say nothing, and his grunts of protest fell on deaf ears. "Why, I'm glad you agree. Turn around here a little and put your shoulders on the floor. I'll put my pillow down here so you don't hurt your little head."

Stephanie then went into the hall, grabbed Reggie's discarded pants, removed his belt, then dropped them again. Her brother was on his knees, bent at the waist with his head down on the floor, and his hands still tied behind his back. His cock seemed unnaturally hard, and in just the short time he'd been kneeling there, Steph saw a line of his juice stretching from his dick to the floor, forming a little pool. This boy was excited! But she hadn't made him cum yet, which sort of disappointed her. Her little brother must have more willpower than she gave him credit for, or maybe he wasn't as attracted to her as she thought. Anyway, cum or not, she knew she was getting off on this, and she thought that he was really digging it, too.

Forcing back an impulse to reach out and grab her brother's cock and make it spurt, Stephanie looked into Reggie's frightened eyes and said, "Now, little brother-slave, get ready for a whipping, just like we used to get when we were little and didn't follow orders."

Stephanie folded the buckle end of the belt up a couple of times, to give herself a handle of sorts, and also to make it a little stiffer, for a bit more control. She tried cutting through the air with it a few times, adjusting the length until she liked the way it felt, then told her quivering victim, "Here it comes, and just you sit back here and enjoy it, you brought it on yourself."

WHACK! A broad red line appeared across Reggie's upturned butt cheeks. He let out a yelp and tried to move, but his position made getting out of the way extremely difficult. And falling over wasn't in the cards right now.

WHACK! Reg couldn't tell if Stephanie was using all her strength or not, but it had been so long since he'd gotten a belt spanking that it still hurt like hell.

WHACK! A thought occurred to him: What would the guys say in the locker room after gym class if he had an ass covered with red belt streaks? And then: What the hell would the guys be doing looking at his ass, anyway?

WHACK! He was starting to get used to this. The burning pain was being replaced by a warmth that spread from his asscheeks to his dick, which was once again starting to reach the point of no return...

"What on earth is going on in here?"

Stephanie spun around to face her mom, who stood in the doorway with Reggie's clothes in her hand. A look of confusion was on Mom's face. No anger, just a nonplussed look that said she didn't understand what was happening. Once she realized what her children were up to, then she'd be mad, and Stephanie knew it.

Taking a *big* gamble, she said in the same tone she'd used on Reggie, "Shut up and get on your knees, slut!"

Mom jerked back as if she'd been slapped. Her mouth opened and closed a couple of times, as if ready to say something, but deciding against it. A confusion bigger than she'd experienced earlier crossed her face, then it relaxed into resignation. Her head slowly bowed, she dropped the clothes she held, and she slowly sank to the floor.

Stephanie stood flabbergasted. She couldn't believe this! Her mom was kneeling to her, just like her brother had! A wave of almost overwhelming power swept over her and nearly brought her to orgasm just at the sight. This was getting good! Home life was shaping up to be a lot more interesting.

"Look at me."

Mom's eyes shifted from the floor to Stephanie's face.

"Squeeze your tits."

Mom's gaze never wavered, but her hands reached up and took her breasts and started to caress and squeeze them.

Stephanie looked over at her brother and saw his eyes wide in disbelief. He'd never seen his mother as much of a sexual creature, but here she was, acting like she had no will at all, touching herself in front of him and his sister. 


Stephanie was starting to breathe hard, the power rush was so great. She barely had the breath to say, "Take off your blouse."

Obediently, Mom started working on the buttons of her top and then removed it, sitting back in just her royal blue lace bra and dark blue almost-knee-length skirt.

"Now remove your panties."

Mom's eyes dropped immediately to the floor. "I'm not wearing any."

Now was Stephanie's turn to be speechless. She was stunned! Her mom seemed usually something of a prude, she never thought that her own mother would go to work with no panties and a short skirt! The thought of it made her pussy juice up even more. Any more revelations like this, and she'd be dripping on the floor, just like Reggie.

Stephanie regained her composure quickly, took a deep breath, and commanded, "Lift your skirt."

Mom reached for her skirt's hem and started to pull it toward her breasts. Soon, both children were staring, slack-jawed, at the sight of their mother's bare crotch. Once again, Mom surprised them both by not having a single hair on her cunt. Steph wondered when this had happened, since Mom wasn't nearly as careful about hiding herself in front of her daughter as in front of her son. The last time she'd seen Mom naked, she'd had a nice, full pubic bush, colored the same blond as Stephanie's, and even thicker.

Stephanie felt an urge to reach out and feel her mother's bare naked cunt mound, but shook the thought away. There would be time for that later.

"Strip, bitch, and don't take all day."

Mom dropped her skirt and removed it, then unclasped her bra and took it off, too. Stephanie now had two naked slaves in her room, and one was her brother, the other, her mom! The rush was almost too much.

Steph was about to untie Reggie to give him a slight break, while she thought of something to do with Mom. Before she could go to him, her mother said, "Mistress," (There was that word, oh my! And out of Mom's mouth!) "If you'll go to my room, in a wooden box in the closet, there is a collar. The key to the box is taped to the underside of my panty drawer. May I please have my collar?"

This was turning out to be a day of colossal surprises! Apparently this was not the first time Mom had been on her knees following someone else's orders. Her dad must play this game with her. If, indeed, it was a game. Turning to leave the room, Steph said to her mom, "Untie dickhead's face and help him up. But *do not* touch his cock. He's saving it for later. I'll be back in a minute."

Stephanie left for her parent's room. As she left, she noticed that Mom didn't even try to get up and walk over to Reggie, but crawled over on all fours, without being told.

In her mom and dad's room, she opened the closet door and found the wooden box. She'd found it over a year ago, but could never find the key, no matter how hard she looked. Now, though, she knew where it was. She found the key, just where Mom had said it would be, unlocked the box, and opened it. Oh boy, was there a lot of good stuff in here! Steph knew she could find a good place for most of this stuff, and knew she could ask Mom what some of the rest of it was for. She found the collar, grabbed a couple of other things, and returned to her room. She took the key along. It was *hers* now. And if Dad wanted it, he'd just have to arm-wrestle her for it.

When she got back to her room, her two slaves were kneeling side-by-side, Reggie's cock still hard as a rock and dripping, Mom's chest standing proudly as she held her hands behind her back like her son.

Mom got a near-orgasmic look on her face when she saw Stephanie with the collar in her hand, and she started to breathe a little harder. "Please, Mistress, may I have my collar, now?"

"Patience, Mom-slut. You'll get it in due time. Right now, I have something else for you..."

And with that, Stephanie walked over and grabbed one of her mom's nipples and pulled it out as far as she could, then attached a clamp to it that she'd brought from the box in her parent's room. Mom gasped in surprise and pain, but then started to breathe deeply to assimilate the sensation and make it more tolerable. Steph attached the other clamp to the other nipple, and then watched in horny amusement while Mom struggled to take in the intensity of sensation, the chain that joined the clamps swinging between her buxom breasts.

Standing back to admire her handiwork, Steph said, "There, that's more like it. How do you like that, slave-mom?"

Still struggling to regulate her breathing, Mom panted, "It's fine, Mistress. I love to have my nipples clamped, if it pleases you. May I please have my collar now, Mistress?"

"Yes, mom-slut, I think you deserve your collar now. Come over here and let me put it on you."

Stephanie's cunt juiced as she watched her mother get on all fours and crawl toward her. When she reached her daughter's side, she sat back, spreading her knees wide, gathering up her hair and pulling it out of Steph's way.

As she buckled the collar around her mom's neck, Stephanie began to wonder, 'What's Dad going to say when he gets home? If this is something Mom and Dad do together, then probably what I'm doing to Mom is the role he usually takes. I wonder if he'll be as easy to control as these other two, or if I'll end up on the floor with clamps on *my* nipples? Or maybe I should end this now and avoid any problem.'

But she knew better. The power flooding her system told her she couldn't give this up without a fight. She didn't really relish the thought of being where her mom and brother were, but given the right circumstances and the right person, maybe she'd find it not so bad. Right now though, she didn't want to find out.

A devious thougth entered her mind shortly after buckling her mom into the collar. She was having a great lot of fun torturing her brother by not touching him or letting him touch himself. She knew that he was right on the edge, but something kept him from crossing over and spurting all over the room. That was the part she liked best. She'd become very perverted over the last little while today, and the thought of seeing her brother's cum squirt as far as it possibly could go turned her on something fierce. If he held it back longer still, he'd probably be able to shoot across the room. Steph could hardly wait!

For his next torture, Steph told him, "Stay right where you are. Same orders as last time. No touching yourself or anybody else, especially with that cock. It needs to stay hard and throbbing as long as possible. And this time, keep still. Unless you like the feel of getting your ass whipped." With that, she reached around the door to her room into the hall and brought out a riding crop, one of the other things she'd retrieved from the "bondage box" in her parents' room. Reggie's eyes got real big, and he slowly nodded assent.

"I didn't hear you."

Her brother swallowed hard, "Yes, Mistress."

Speaking to her mother, Stephanie said, "Back up a little, slut-mom, and face your son. That's it. Now, lay on your back, far enough away so that little brother-slave can't "accidentally" touch you. Good. Spread your legs like a good little slut. Very nice.

"Touch your cunt."

Mom reached down and ran her fingers down her body, across her shaven pubic mound and into her juicy folds. She didn't have any trouble sticking a finger into her hole, she was so slick, and she jumped a little when she finally touched her aching clit. She didn't realize that submitting to another woman could be so arousing, and her own daughter! That added the *really* naughty bit that made it better even than when her husband dominated her. As well, Stephanie was much better at this than he was.

Reggie on the other hand, was in agony. He was so horny it hurt. His cock ached, his balls throbbed, and still he was aroused by what was happening to and in front of him. He just couldn't figure out why he hadn't cum yet. Surely he'd been stimulated enough by now that even without touching his dick he should have cum. But then again, he *did* jack off quite a bit, and maybe he'd become accustomed enough to his own hand that he needed some kind of physical stimulation to get off...

Then, Steph straddled Mom's face and commanded, "Eat it." The sight of Mom's fingers in her cunt and Stephanie's crotch in Mom's face, while his mother proceeded to lick her daughter out with incredible enthusiasm was too much.

Reggie's horny body couldn't take it any more. Yelling at the top of his lungs, the cum burst from his cock with such intensity and force that it splattered on Stephanie's tummy and nearly drenched Mom's tits, stomach and cunt. Four spurts shot out like that, before it started to back off until there was jizz running down his prick and dripping off his balls. The intensity of the cum was so great that he got light-headed, then passed out.

Stephanie, meanwhile, was getting a superb eating out by her mom. Steph thought, 'I wonder if she's done this before? I can't really believe it's beginner's luck, she's hitting everything just right. Of course, none of the jerks I've blown have had enough balls to lick me down there anyway, so I guess, how the hell would I know?'

Steph saw Reggie collapse and felt a quick stab of concern, but when he appeared to be okay and resting relatively comfortably, she returned her concentration to the expert cuntlapping she was receiving. Mom was truly a fantastic pussy eater. She was so good that it only took a few minutes to get Stephanie off. Her body convulsed, she shrieked her pleasure and released a creamy load of girl-juice into her mother's eager mouth.

When she got off her mom's face, Steph noticed the cum that Reggie had shot all over the both of them. Without hesitation, she ordered, "Eat slave-boy's cum off of me."

Mom got up, turned around and applied her mouth to Stephanie's wet belly and hip, licking up all of her son's quickly cooling semen from her daughter's body. A part of her protested at how perverse this was, that she wasn't supposed to be doing these things - let alone enjoying them - with her own children. But, she couldn't stop herself. She didn't really want to. Her submission was more arousing to her than any other thought, and the wrongness of doing it with her kids was even more erotic.

When she had cleaned all of Reggie's sperm from Stephanie's body, Mom sat back, put her hands behind her, and awaited further instructions.

Stephanie looked at her mom's pretty face (in fact, Steph was the spitting image of her mom when she was younger), with her own cunt juice and her brother's cum shining on Mom's cheeks and chin, and felt a warm flush of love for this woman. True, she was her mother, and a degree of love comes with that, but the thought of her mom also as her sex slave was a truly heady experience. She was glad to have this woman as her mother.

Reggie was starting to come to, and Stephanie said to her slick-cheeked mom, "Help slave-boy up off the floor and back into position. He's got some work to do." As Mom helped her son to get into an upright position, Steph told her, "...and untie his hands."

When her brother was again in an upright position, Mom helped untie the nylon from his wrists, and he flexed his arms a little to get some circulation back in them. When she got tired of waiting, Steph said, "Lay on the floor, boy. Slave-mom, get over him, he's going to clean you up, now. He got cum all over you, so he can just clean up his own mess."

Reggie started, "Now wait a minute..."

"Silence! I told you not to move or anything while I got some pleasure from my dear slave Mom over here, and you got jizz all over us. I think it's only right you clean Mom up, since she already did me. Now shut up and get to work."

Making a face, Reg lay down on the floor and waited for his mother to dangle herself over him. When the first thing she presented him was her hanging tits, all his protests died and he went happily to his work. Mom moaned at the touch of her son's tongue on her skin while he lapped up his own semen. It felt very good. So good, in fact, that she hesitated over his face so that he could latch onto one of her nipples with his searching lips. Before mother and son could get too carried away in pleasure, Stephanie spoke up,

"I told you to clean her, not get her off. I may give you that chance a little later."

Reggie reluctantly let go of his mom's tit, and she continued down his body so that he could apply his tongue to her. When he reached her pussy, with its bare mound, he licked up the cum that he'd left there, then buried his tongue into his mom's cunt.

Mom gasped, then quickly gave in to the sensation, and plunged her mouth over her son's once-again hard cock. Stephanie was so stunned by how erotic the sight was that she failed to stop them. Mother and son continued pleasuring each other until it was fairly evident that both were right on the brink of orgasm. Steph regained herself soon enough to order, "Slave-mom, pull his cock out of your mouth and have him shoot cum all over your face. He should still have plenty of it pent-up in there. You need to be wearing it. Slave-reg, rub her cunt juice all over *your* face. I want both of you wearing the results of your indiscretion. As far as I'm concerned, you can wear it to bed."

Both Mom and Reggie removed their mouths from each other's genitals and just began licking, fingering and rubbing their faces all over them. Mom came first, and she released a load of girl juice onto her son's waiting face; it looked almost as if she was ejaculating, herself. Reggie rubbed his face all over his mom's pussy, mingling her juices with those his sister had wiped off on his face.

Stephanie couldn't help herself. While watching her mom and brother eat one another, she had to sit back on the edge of her bed and finger her pussy. This whole power trip had her so fucking horny! She diddled her clit and squeezed her tits until she came with the two others. She was panting as she came down from her orgasm, while her slaves disentangled themselves and sat back, both with glistening faces.

Out of breath, Steph said to them both, "That was very bad of both of you, but also very good. I see you each have the other's juices on your faces. I like you that way."

Her breath was starting to even out. "So, how would the two of you like to move to where there's a little more room? Like the living room?"

There was hesitation from both her slaves. "But Mistress," Mom started, "if your father should come home..."

"Then we'll see just how he likes you with your son's cock in your mouth. What do you think he'll say when he sees what a whore he married? Will he be excited? Mad? Will he want to join in? Let's go see. Come on."

Stephanie started from the room. Abruptly she turned. Neither slave had moved. "Come on! Oh, and slave-reg, go into mom and dad's closet and bring down the wooden box with the lock on it. You can crawl to get it, but you may walk down the stairs to carry it. Go now. Come on, slave-mom. Follow me."

Reggie got down on all fours and started crawling out of the room and toward his parents' room, Stephanie stood outside her door and motioned for her mom to come along. Mom followed her son out of the room, then turned toward the stairs to the living room.

Mom had never taken stairs on hands and knees before, at least that she could ever recall, and wasn't sure how to manage. A momentary look back to her mistress told her that she needed to figure it out herself. Taking the first tentative step down with her hands put her in a precarious feeling position, head down, her ass in the air. If she'd been on a flat floor with her head lower than her ass, she wouldn't feel odd or quite so in danger of hurting herself. This, however, was different. It took a whole different way of thinking. One slip and she could end up going headfirst down the stairs and hurting herself badly. The chain swinging between her nipples didn't help. Fortunately, Stephanie wasn't hurrying her. Deliberately, she made her way, one step at a time, being careful of where she placed her hands and knees. Finally, she was at the bottom of the stairs and inwardly gave a sigh of relief. She felt proud of herself for having navigated the stairs in this manner successfully, and felt doubly good that her mistress, Stephanie had trusted her to make the trip safely. It wasn't, however, something she hoped to do again soon.

Stephanie simply stood at the top of the stairs, watching her mom descend the stairs head first, her cunt and asshole exposed utterly the whole time. Reggie came with the box and stood next to her and watched, too, his eyes bulging, his cock once more stiff. Once Mom sat at the foot of the stairs - safe - Steph started down and motioned for Reg to follow.

When they were all down, Stephanie motioned to a chair. "Put the box down over there, then help your mother move the furniture. We'll want some open space."

While the other two moved the couch and other furniture, Stephanie looked through the box. She found what she was looking for and returned to the other two, who had finished their task and were now kneeling on the carpet in the middle of the rearranged living room.

Seeing that Mom liked the paraphernalia that came with all of this, Stephanie approached her mother and took her wrists. As she began to apply the cuffs to Mom's arms, Mom got a dreamy look in her eyes. Yes, Mom really did get off on the trappings of all this D/S stuff. That, or Dad must be really good at it, or she had been wanting to be submissive for a long time. In any event, it was evident that Mom was really getting into this. Next, she applied ankle cuffs, so that Mom was more or less completely decked out.

Reggie liked the sight of his mom "dressed" like this: with nothing on but leather around her ankles and wrists and a chain clamped between her breasts. His cock was pointing almost straight at the ceiling while he knelt watching his mother getting done up. He got up the nerve to speak, "Mistress, are you going to tie her up like you tied me?"

Stephanie looked at her mom, who knelt with her eyes to the floor, and once more resisted the impulse to reach out and tug on the nipple chain or rub Mom's clit, "She'd probably like that a lot." Hopefully, Mom's head shot up, but Steph simply shook her head. "But, no, not right now. Right now, I think you both need to sit back against the couch and play with yourselves for me. However, you can't cum. I'll say when you get to cum. And slave-reg, don't try to make me believe you can't hold back. You proved you have incedible willpower earlier. Now shut up and get to work."

Both her slaves crawled to where the couch had been moved, lounged on the carpet against the seat, and then began working on their respective genitals.

Steph didn't realize what a voyeur she was until tonight. She loved watching others pleasure themselves, especially if the others were doing the pleasuring at her order. She especially enjoyed the fact that these two here masturbating in front of her were her own mom and brother! While she watched, she let her own hands roam her body. She pulled aside the crotch of her thong and dug a finger into her slit, then popped her tits out over the top of her bra and caressed the nipples.

Soon all three of them were moaning pretty hard, it was very evident that if this went on too long, there would be orgasms all around. Coming out of her near-cum haze, Stephanie regained herself in time to say, "Stop! Put your hands at your sides!"

Mom got in one last quick rub, which almost, but not quite, sent her over the edge. Reggie, on the other hand, was too lost in the throes of impending orgasm to stop. Before he could cum, though, Stephanie reached for the riding crop, which she hadn't let get too far away, and lashed out at his hand, and in the process, his cock and balls. 



With a surprised yelp, Reg pulled his hand away and then tried to curl up to get away from the slap of the crop.

"Stop it! Stretch back out, slave, I told you to stop, and you disobeyed. Now, what do you think your punishment ought to be for disobeying? I could apply this crop to your balls..." With that, she slapped the tip of the crop against his testicles, which brought another yelp from her brother.

"Or, I could smack your cock until it's red and sore..." She reached out and flicked the crop against his hard dick, which produced a squeal and a whine.

"Or, there's your gorgeous, hairy ass. You seemed to like getting spanked earlier. Would you like another round? Or maybe you'd like my new slave Mom here to deliver your punishment. After all, she stopped when told to, unlike you. Maybe she should be the one to do it, since she's so much more obedient than you. How about it? Me or Mom?"

Reggie bowed his head sheepishly. "Mom."

"Is that the way we say it, slave-brother?"

Hesitantly, he replied, "Mistress, I would like Mom to do it."

"I still don't quite understand what you're saying. Please spell it out a little more clearly."

He swallowed once before quietly saying, "Mistress, I would like it if your new slave, my mother, would spank my ass until it is red and sore."

Steph came without touching herself. When she came down from the high, she composed herself and said, "Very well. That's more like it, slave. Would you like the crop, a belt, or her hand?"

He thought for a moment. "I think I'd like to feel my mother's bare hand spank my naughty ass, Mistress."

Stephanie sat down in a chair. "Very well, then. Slave-mom, choose where you would like to deliver your son's punishment."

Mom moved over to a straight-backed wooden chair and sat down, then motioned for Reggie to come over. Reg got up and bent over his mother's lap, sticking his ass up in the air. Stephanie moved over to them and put Reggie's stiff cock between his mother's legs, then told her to hold it there.

Steph sat back and simply said, "Whenever you're ready. I'll let you know when to stop."

Mom gently rubbed her palm against her son's upturned backside, eliciting a soft moan from him, then quickly, she raised her hand and slapped it against his ass.

SMACK! Reggie jumped at the start of the second spanking he'd received today. He was surprised at how much he liked it.

SMACK! Mom hadn't spanked her children since they were young. She hadn't done it often, but enough. In this context, she truly enjoyed it. The receiving end wasn't so bad either...

SMACK! Steph was dripping at the sight of her brother getting spanked by their mom; mainly since it was at her order. Sometime, she would have to spank Mom. Once again, she wondered what things would be like once her dad got home. Part of her said to stop and let things be normal when he came home, and not let him know that anything had happened. But a more powerful part of her said to let him find out, and see what really would happen.

SMACK! Reggie's cock was working itself back and forth between Mom's thighs as he squirmed from his spanking. It was surprising, after how many times he'd cum already, how close he was getting again. His ass was sure sore; Mom still hadn't lost her touch after all these years. She was giving this everything she could, he could tell.

SMACK! Mom was really turned on about how this was all working out. Her pussy was juicier than she had ever known it to get before. This was all wrong, she knew, her daughter shouldn't be telling her to do such things, and moreover, she shouldn't be doing them, but she couldn't stop.

SMACK! Stephanie sat back, spread her legs and worked her hand into her panties. She rubbed her fingers in and around her soaking cunt while she watched her brother getting his ass spanked. Once more, she nearly worked herself to the point of orgasm before she stopped herself and shouted, "Stop! Let him go!"

Mom was so startled, she jumped up from the chair, dumping her red-assed son on the floor. Reggie tumbled onto the carpet, too surprised to catch himself. While he got himself up off the floor, he heard Stephanie scolding Mom:

"Look what you've done! I didn't tell you to hurt him, only spank him! I think it's *your* turn to be punished. What do you think, slave-mom?"

Mom's face dropped to the floor, and she sank to her knees. "Yes, Mistress, I didn't mean to hurt my boy. You were very generous to allow me to administer his punishment. Now, because I was so clumsy, I think it is only fitting that he spank me, too."

Stephanie smirked. "What makes you think I'm going to have him spank you? Tell me, slave-mom, have you ever been fucked in the ass?"

Mom looked up, horrified. "Oh, no! I could never do that! Even your father has never had me there!"

A sly smile spread across Reggie's face as Stephanie said, "But soon, your son will."

Reggie's face lit up at the sound of that. Obviously, the idea that greatly appealed to him. With a wide grin on his face he said, "C'mon, bitch, hands and knees on the floor. I got me some work to do, stretching your asshole wide." He shot a glance at his Mistress, afraid that maybe he had overstepped his bounds, but Stephanie only smiled.

A little afraid, Mom got on the floor, but didn't obey quite as quickly as she had earlier. Reggie's cock, now starting to ache a little from all the cums he'd had this evening, throbbed at the fabulous sight of his mother's gorgeous ass in the air, where he could see both her bottom holes. Mom's pussy was glistening wet at all the goings-on since she'd gotten home, and her breathing had been a little on the heavy side since this had all started.

Stephanie went over to the goodies box and pushed things around a little, then found a bottle of lube and tossed it to her brother. Reggie was now on his knees behind his mom, fondling her ass, running his fingers around and in her pussy and asshole. Mom was writhing around at the sensations her son's hands were causing in her body. The whole taboo nature of all this was turning her on *so* much, it was almost too much to take.

Reggie leaned down and stuck out his tongue, piercing the tight bud of his mom's asshole with it. Mom let out a groan and wiggled her butt around a little. Obviously, even though she'd never apparently had anything to do with ass play, she liked it. After licking Mom's ass for a few minutes, Reg straightened and applied lube to his prick and Mom's butt.

Lining up his cock, Reg started to slip his manhood into his mother's ass. Mom gasped and let out a little shriek. Reg slapped her ass and said, "Loosen up, hole. This is gonna hurt a lot more if you don't relax." It was very apparent to Stephanie that her brother could very easily fall into either role here, but right now, she preferred him as a submissive.

Mom screamed as her son plunged his cock into her asshole to the hilt. She could feel his balls slap against her pussy as he started to thrust in and out of her tightest hole.

Reg was loving this. He'd heard about assfucking from some of the other guys at school, but none of the girls he went out with were in the least interested in having sex with him, and he couldn't bring himself to ask out any of the girls he knew would put out. So this was like heaven to him. He couldn't believe this was happening, but it was, and now here he was, having shot more cum than he ever had, and doing basically the first fucking in his life, and with his mom, and in her butt! The thought was almost too much.

Stephanie, while this was going on, was aroused, but a little worried about what her dad would say when he got home. She knew she had to try the same thing she'd done with Mom, but wasn't sure it would work as well as it had with her. Mom obviously had a submissive streak a mile wide. She wasn't sure her father would back down as easily. She loved watching Reg bang their mother's ass, and hoped to be able to get her dad in on the festivities as well, but hoped that he would join the ones on the floor.

And, almost on cue after that thought, the front door opened. Dad stepped through and said, like one of those '50s TV shows, "Honey, I'm home! What's for..." He stopped dead as he watched his son and wife going at it like a couple of dogs in heat, and his daughter dressed in sexy lingerie with a dildo plunging in and out of her cunt while she watched. He started to open his mouth to say something, but Stephanie leaped from her seat and shouted,

"Shut up, fucker, and strip. You can watch for now. Maybe I'll let you join in later, but in no way are you to interfere with this. My slave mother is getting her punishment, and once he is finished, I now have a few ideas for my slave brother, too."

Her heart was pumping a mile a minute while she watched as several different expressions crossed her father's face. She was afraid the angry look was going to stay, since it was the one that lingered the longest, but eventually it softened and Steph breathed a sigh of relief when she saw his fingers begin to work on the buttons of his shirt.

Reg and Mom hadn't stopped even for a second when Dad walked in, so they were still fucking and panting, oblivious to anything else going on.

Stephanie, meanwhile, had turned her attention from them to watching her dad reveal himself to her. She admired the broad shoulders and rather muscular arms, frowned a little at the touch of belly on him, but it was okay, he didn't really work out and he sat at a desk all day, so it was to be expected. Her eyes twinkled as she watched him undo his belt, then push his pants to the floor. She noticed a really nice bulge in his underwear, then gasped as he lowered them, revealing his hardening cock. Reggie had a nice dick for a teenaged kid, but this was the cock of a real man. Dad's cock wasn't even erect yet and it was already thicker and longer than Reggie's was. Stephanie felt a tingle in her crotch and knew one thing for sure...

Meanwhile, Reg was getting close to the edge. Even though he'd cum many times that night, he could feel the jizz boiling up inside him. He let out a yell as he pumped his cum into his mom's tight asshole while Mom fondled his balls. When he could no longer support himself, Reg pulled his cock out of its tight receptacle and fell to the floor, exhausted. He didn't think he could possibly cum any more that night. Then again, he hadn't thought he could cum the last three times, either...

Dad, on the other hand, had spent most of the day thinking about getting under the skirt of the boss's secretary, a little brunette bitch that he'd managed to corner a couple of times in the past. She really liked what he'd made her do, but she could be maddeningly aloof most times. He never thought that he would ever come home to something like this, though.

Watching his wife's ass being banged by their son was intoxicating. They'd fantasized about bringing another man into their sex play, but never figured either of them would ever have the nerve to really ask anyone to join them. Now, here it was. Never in a million years would it have occurred to either of them to bring their children into their sex games. Now, here it was, and apparently the roles had been decided before he or the kids' mother got home. His cock was stiffer than it had ever been, sticking straight out from his belly, ready for whatever it could take. He wasn't ready for what Stephanie said next, though.

"Get over there and start licking slave-mom's cum-filled asshole, you prick!"

Dad hesitated, not really sure he wanted to do that, but after a brutal swat from the riding crop, he got down on all fours, crawled to his wife and plunged his face into her wet, musky asshole.

Mom sighed with pleasure at the feel of her husband's tongue on her little rosebud, which had been so pleasantly stretched by her son's big cock. She felt his tongue push into her asshole again and again, giving her a tongue fuck that she'd never had before. Apparently her husband, even though he'd taken the dominant role in their D/s play, was almost as submissive as she was. It was a thrilling thought. She liked him dominating her, but she liked him submitting here next to her even more.

Stephanie sighed silently in relief. She was really glad that her father had fallen to his knees when she ordered him to, and now tried to think of ways to get him in on the festivities. It was now getting a little hard to think of things for three, though.

"Get up, slave-dad. Her ass is clean enough by now. Kneel on the couch with your shoulders on the back, your knees spread as far as possible. Slave-reg, get the hell up off the floor and help slave-mom tie our dear father to the sofa." She threw some ropes on the floor, and watched as her family moved at her order.

Dad got up on the couch, facing the back, and leaned over it, his head and shoulders dangling over the edge. He spread his knees as far as he could as his son and wife tied the ropes to his legs and arms, and then attached them to the legs of the sofa. He felt really stretched out and exposed, and there was no way he was going anywhere.

Stephanie looked at her dad, spread out on the couch at her order, and wondered what for sure to do next. She didn't even get to say anything before Mom and Reg decided for her. She couldn't even bring herself to say anything, she was so aroused, as Mom squirmed between her husband's wide-spread legs and took his stiff cock in her mouth, fondled his balls with one hand and pushed a couple of fingers in his ass with the other. Reggie, in the meantime, stepped over to his dad's overhanging head and shoved his stiffening cock in his dad's mouth.

Dad hadn't felt so violated and excited before in his life. Not since that night with his wife's brother just before he'd gotten married had he felt this abused. He'd been aroused by that, but extremely confused as well. Society said that he was supposed to be the dominant one, but that night, he'd been "forced" to do things he never would have thought he'd ever do. Now, here he was, tied to the sofa, his wife servicing him from one end, servicing his son on the other, and his daughter watching over it all. He loved this, he realized. He had a hard time deciding which sensation to concentrate on, the mouth on his cock, or the cock in his mouth. Finally, he decided to just relax and let the whole thing sink in and suffuse him completely.

Stephanie, meanwhile, was just sitting back and allowing everyone to enjoy themselves. It seemed like they were handling the situation just fine at the moment, and her brain was spinning too fast to make any real decisions right now, so it was a relief that her new slaves - her family - were making a few decisions for her. From where she sat, she could see Reg pumping his hips in and out of Dad's mouth, and Dad's asshole and hanging balls were clearly visible. Mom was spread wide, bent over backwards sucking her husband's big dick, her pussy soaked and gaping. Steph diddled a couple of fingers in and around her own pussy, which was plenty soaked on its own. She couldn't believe how many times her brother had cum already, and wondered if he would have enough to give Dad a mouthful before this was all through. She had never seen any member of her immediate family as potential sexual material, but now, it was almost all she could think of. The sight of her father's puckered, hairy asshole and the backside of his fuzzy balls gave her cunt a twinge that she'd never thought possible, then again, she'd never seen a man from this angle before. Her mom was incredibly sexy looking, and gave Stephanie definite thoughts about lezzie sex, in fact, the lez session they'd had earlier was really, really good, so good, in fact, that Steph thought that maybe she was really bisexual, and the thought made her smile. Her brother, who she thought for many years to be merely a nuisance and little more, was truly a sexual machine, and she throbbed at the thought of making it with a guy who could get it up again and again, even though she was still a virgin...

"Stop, all of you!" Stephanie got up, walked over to the trio on the couch and reached down and placed a hand on Mom's moist, spread cunt, gave it a little rub, then ordered, "Get up, slave-mom, back onto the carpet." She then said to Reggie, "Slave-reg, uncork him and get over there next to your mother." Mom and Reggie reluctantly disengaged themselves from servicing and being serviced, and knelt next to one another in the middle of the floor. Mom's nipples were obscenely hard, Reg's cock as big as it had ever been, but neither one of them complained or reached to take care of themselves.

Stephanie untied Dad from the couch, then had him stand sideways in front of his wife and son. She walked to him, faced the other two, and reached out for his balls. She spoke while she fondled her father's genitals, causing him to moan quietly.

"Slave-mom, slave-dad, I don't think you know, I know I've never told you, but your dear, darling daughter is still a virgin. I know you think I gave that up to one of the little dinks I've gone out with in the past, but none of them interested me enough to give them that. Now, on the other hand, I've decided that tonight is the night to give that up. All of you, follow me. Slave-reg, look in the goodies box, I saw a box of condoms in there. Bring them with you." With that, she turned and headed for the stairs.

At the top of the stairs, she turned and watched the others coming up behind her. Mom was on hands and knees, manipulating the stairs on all fours, Reggie was just behind her in the same position, condom box in his mouth, and behind both of them was Dad, who had joined them in their canine posture and was bringing up the rear.

Stephanie had to stifle a giggle when Mom saw her standing watching them and stopped, and the other two, concentrating on maneuvering in a manner they hadn't used since they were babies, continued on and bumped nose-first into the asshole of the person in front.

With barely suppressed humor in her voice, Steph said to them, "Get up here. Stand up like people." She then turned around and continued down the hall.

The other three reached the top, and then followed their mistress into her parents' bedroom.

Inside, Stephanie lay down on the bed and again took charge. "Slave-reg, slave-mom, find a seat on either side of the bed. Sitting on the edge of the bed is fine. Slave-dad, come here." Dad moved over to the side of the bed and waited. "Slave-reg, fondle your father's cock and balls while Dad here gets me ready. Slave-dad, remove my bra." While his son ran his fingers over his dangling scrotum and hard penis, Dad deftly removed his daughter's lacy brassiere, revealing her perfectly formed, late-teen tits. "Now, remove your mistress's panties." She lifted her ass just enough for him to slide the sexy item down her legs and off. "Now, slave-dad, pay tribute to your mistress."

Dad got fully onto the bed, and buried his face in his daughter's fuzzy cunt. She nearly hit the ceiling when his tongue found her clit. "Oh god, yes, slave-dad, eat your mistress's cunt. Don't stop." Steph had never been eaten by a man before, but she sure meant to do it more often from here on out. Mom, of course, was better at it, but nevertheless, this was heavenly.

Meanwhile, Reg had crawled up behind his father and buried his face in his Dad's ass. Reg was surprising himself at the things he was now doing, things he'd never given thought to before. He was discovering a whole other side to sexuality, one beyond the locker room lies his school friends told to one another. Of course, nothing he'd learned this evening was anything he could ever admit to anybody. But that was okay, as long as he could come home and experience the intensity of emotions and sensations he was feeling now. 


Mom had reached over to Stephanie and was caressing her breasts, even leaning in and taking a nipple between her teeth and biting down a little. Submission was something that came naturally to her, she'd known it since puberty, but luckily, she'd been able to avoid being taken advantage of while growing up. It was her brother that learned of her broad submissive streak (but that's another story), and helped her nurture it in a safe, confined atmosphere. Her husband, Steve, was willing to play at being the "Master" once in a while, but she could tell he was only doing it to humor her. Her little girl, however, seemed a natural at the domination game. It was wrong - oh, so wrong - for her mistress to be her own daughter, but the taboo of it all just added a greater thrill to this game.

Dad was in heaven. He'd noticed a few years ago what attractive children he had, but only in his most forbidden fantasies did he even think of his daughter as a sex object. And once or twice, he noticed the bulge in Reggie's underwear when walking from the bathroom in the morning, and wondered just what his son's cock looked like, now he was a man. Now he knew, and he learned in a way he'd never thought possible.

Steph luxuriated in the sensations her parents were giving her, and she simply lay there and enjoyed. She never wanted this to stop. Never wanted to wake up and discover it was all just a dream. But it all felt too good, too right, for it to be make-believe. She was the Mistress of her entire family. The thought nearly made her cum right there.

But, she held back, and reluctantly pushed her dad away from her crotch, and her mom away from her tits, and said, "Okay. Slave-mom, put a condom on dear Daddy here. He gets to take his little girl's innocence. The two of you get to watch."

Mom put a condom on her husband's cock, her hands trembling from embarassment and excitement. She was surprised just how turned on the idea of Steve fucking their daughter had gotten her.

Dad could barely hold back his cum. Eating his daughter had his cock harder than he could remember it being before. And now, he was being prepared to take his little girl's cherry. It was almost more than he could stand.

Finally, everyone was ready. Mom and Reg stood back, but close enough they could see everything. Dad knelt on the bed, latex sheathed penis sticking out and up from the excitement. Stephanie lay back and threw her legs wide, exposing her soaking pussy to everyone in the room.

"Okay, slave-dad, make your mistress happy. Make her a woman. Don't worry about hurting her, she wants your cock - NOW!"

At that, Dad lined up his prick and jammed it into his daughter's dripping cunt. After only a few strokes, the situation became too much for him, and he started to cum. And cum. It wasn't too satisfying for Stephanie, she expected her dad to be less quick to climax. But, he'd been stimulated ever since he came home, and not every father gets to fuck his beautiful daughter. So, she tried to carry it one step farther.

Steph had Dad pull out of her pussy, then ordered, "Slave-mom, get over here and clean off slave-dad's prick. But leave the condom on. I have plans for that cum."

Mom came over and took her husband's latex and pussy juice covered penis in her mouth and savored the flavor of her daughter's inner fluids. She licked up and down on his dick until she could taste only condom, a flavor that didn't really do much for her, then sat back.

"Very good. Now, slave-reg, carefully remove the rubber from our father's cock, and empty its contents onto our mother's lovely face."

Reggie reached out and removed the condom from Dad's softening member and turned to his mom, who had already gone to her knees and held her face up in gleeful readiness. Turning the condom upside-down, he watched the semen slide from the rubber and onto his mother's face. Dad had cum a bunch, so there was enough to put some on almost all of her face.

Mom appeared nearly ready to orgasm as soon as the jizz landed on her face. Stephanie came to her and put her hand over her mom's pussy. Instantly, Mom began to moan. Steph worked her mother's clit and pushed a finger into her cunt-hole and whispered, "Cum for me, slave-mom, cum for your Mistress. You look so beautiful and slutty with slave-dad's wad of jizz all on you. Cum for Mistress, now."

And she did, shuddering with ecstasy at her daughter's fingers and the feel of the semen on her face. When Stephanie removed her hand from her crotch, Mom simply slumped to the floor, exhausted.

But Steph still had one more idea. The boys still had one more task to perform.

"Slave-dad, slave-reg, get over there and lick slave-mom's face clean. Go!"

Both her dad and her brother knelt and started to lick her mother's face. Neither one of them had expressed any dismay over the prospect of eating cum, regardless of whose it was. Soon, Mom's face was clean and shiny from the tongues of her two boys, and she rose and kissed both of them on the mouth, tasting the flavor of her husband's fluid on both their lips.

Then, all eyes were on Stephanie. Suddenly, she felt the burden of the role she had just taken on. She then made a decision.

"All three of you, on the bed. Facing me." Her family sat on the edge of the bed and waited expectantly for their next order. "We're not going to do this *all* the time. We may never do this again. We all do realize that if anyone ever found out what we've just done, we could all end up in jail? Look. I love you all. I'm not done ordering you, but tonight is over. I was getting ready to go out when all this happened. It's too late now to go anywhere, but I'm going to bed. Alone. Whatever you three want to do is fine with me. Goodnight." And she turned and left her parents' room and went into her own.

As she lay in bed, the memory of the past few hours flashed by in her mind, again and again. She tried to sleep, but it wasn't until she'd reached down and taken care of the heat that had grown in her pussy that she was finally able to drift off.

She knew there would be more, though...


Stephanie Tops Her Family Ch. 2
bysusurrus©

Chapter 2: The Next Day

Stephanie woke the next morning with the events of the previous evening still spinning around in her head. She was having a hard time believing that it had really happened. But happen or not, the more she thought about it, the more aroused she got.

The memory of her mom, dad and brother all kneeling on the floor in submission to her made her naturally blonde pussy juice up. She became so worked up thinking about the previous evening, she slowly raised up the overlarge T-shirt she wore to bed and pulled it off. Tossing it aside, she lay back down and quickly grabbed her stiff nipples. A moan escaped her lips as she started to work on the rubbery nubs, causing delicious, sexual thrills to course through her body.

She pinched her hard little nips, clamping down hard on them until she gasped from the pain. After holding this for a few seconds, Steph pulled them as far out from her body as she possibly could. Her perfect teenaged tits stretched out almost two inches from her body, and she could feel the tension on the skin pull the entire surface of each breast.

While she had her tits extended like this, Steph started to twist each nipple. She was getting really horny at the mauling she was giving her nipples, and wished another member of the family was in her room so she could order them to suck her clit.

Once she was through with her nipples, Steph simply grabbed a handful of tit flesh and just squeezed as hard as she could. She kneaded her tits like they were silky, bouncy bread dough that squished out from between her fingers, and then sprang back when she loosened her grip to squeeze again.

Eventually, though, Steph needed to pee. She still hadn't done anything with her pussy, but the need to relieve herself before she had an accident was too great.

Not worrying about throwing on any clothes (she was sure after last night that nobody else in the house was going to be modest) she walked down the hall to the upstairs bathroom. Sitting on the toilet, she let fly with her morning pee, and decided now was the time to show her clit some attention. While she tinkled, Stephanie reached both hands down to her pussy and placed them either side of her clit hood. Once they were in place, she pushed her fingers together tightly, sandwiching her sensitive little clit between them.

While Steph put pressure on her clit with both hands, she simply wiggled her fingers over her cunt lips lightly, adding extra stimulation to her throbbing pussy. She moaned and writhed around on the stool long after she'd finished peeing, she was so caught up in what she was doing to herself.

When she opened her eyes and looked up (she hadn't bothered closing the bathroom door, either), her dad, Steve Conroy, was standing in the doorway, stiff cock in hand, watching and slowly stroking up and down on the shaft.

Steph was kind of embarrassed by being caught masturbating, even though after last night, she shouldn't have been embarrassed by much. After all, she was the Mistress in the house now, and she should be able to do anything she pleased, right? Nevertheless...

Stephanie grabbed some toilet paper, wiped quickly and started to get up, but her dad stopped her.

"No, Mistress. Please wait. I'd like to try something. It's something that your mother and I do occasionally when we play.

"Scoot back as far as you can on the seat. Now spread your legs as wide to the side as possible. Good. Now just sit back and watch."

Stephanie sat on the toilet with her legs spread wide, and watched as her father approached her and aimed his big prick at the little hole left in the toilet seat. She hoped he had good aim, especially with a morning stiffy, she wasn't sure she was interested in a golden shower.

After only a moment, the piss started coming out of her dad's cock. She was mesmerized by the sight. She'd never seen a guy pee before. Of course, she'd caught her brother standing at the toilet a couple of times, but his back was to her then, and she could only hear what was going on. Right now, it was in her face... so to speak.

Fortunately, Dad had really good aim, and hit the little toilet hole dead on. When the flow started to taper off, he approached the toilet and started to kneel down a little, so none of his pee got on his daughter. He managed to get all of his piss into the toilet and none of it on Stephanie. Until he shook the final drops off.

He gave his dick a couple of shakes, and got little pee drops all in Steph's blonde pubes. Well, Stephanie wasn't about to let him get by with that. She'd enjoyed the show and all, but after all, this was his idea.

"Now look what you've done! Clean me up right now!" Dad reached for the toilet paper, but Steph stopped him. "...With your mouth."

Well, Dad didn't even hesitate. He got to his knees and pressed his face into his daughter's pussy bush and licked away all the little droplets he'd left there. Steph, after her outburst just before she'd gone to bed last night, was now starting to rethink her attitude on all this. She still wanted the freedom to go out with her friends and do her own stuff, but maybe being the sexual Top in the family wasn't all bad. And being in charge, she could say when and how long sex sessions would be. They'd all just have to be really careful about letting anybody else know...

When Dad was done licking his pee out of his daughter/Mistress's pussy hair, he knelt back and looked at Steph expectantly.

This was the part that sort of bothered Steph. Once they'd accomplished a task, everybody then turned to her for further instruction. It was the way such things had to be - since she was in charge - but it was a little intimidating.

Finally, she settled on, "Go back to whatever you were doing." Dad nodded, got up and left the bathroom, going in the direction of his and Mom's bedroom. Steph didn't even bother with the crawling bit. She wasn't really sure if she wanted to get that far into things this early in the morning.

Stephanie got off the toilet and decided she was hungry. It was Saturday, so she didn't have to worry about getting ready for school, so she had time for a leisurely breakfast for a change.

Stopping off in her room for a robe, Steph started down the stairs, where about halfway down she could smell and hear the sounds of breakfast being prepared. Well, she knew it wasn't her brother. He hardly got out of bed before noon on Saturdays, and she'd already seen her dad go back to his room, so it had to be Mom.

Turning the corner into the kitchen, Steph stopped. She was a little surprised to see that, indeed, it was her mom cooking breakfast, but that Mom hadn't bothered to get dressed before coming down. Mom faced the stove, and was flipping pancakes. She had put on an apron, but she had nothing on underneath it. Mom's perfect ass cheeks faced Stephanie, with the apron tie tails trailing down her crack. Stephanie felt a flush of undaughterly lust at the sight of Mom's round butt, and a part of her wanted to go over and take a firm globe in each hand and squeeze. She managed to resist, but it was hard. Maybe someday...

Mom turned from cooking and saw Steph standing, watching, and gave her a little smile. "Good morning, Steph... or should I say... Mistress?"

Stephanie was starting to warm to this "Mistress" stuff so she replied, "'Mistress' is fine, if you must, but it isn't necessary. If you want to call me 'Steph', that's cool too."

Mom nodded and said, "Would you like some pancakes, Mistress Stephanie?"

With a smile, Steph replied, "Of course, slave. I may have an idea for a new kind of syrup on your pancakes this morning, though."

Knowingly, Mom smiled back. "I can hardly wait."

Mom dished up a plate of pancakes and bacon onto a plate and placed it on the table. Seeing the bacon, Steph understood why Mom had put on the apron. Bacon spatters on naked skin - ouch!

Stephanie sat down, put syrup on her pancakes and started to eat. After a few minutes, she looked up and saw that Mom was looking at her expectantly, like she was wanting something.

"What, Mom?"

"Oh, nothing. I'm just so happy. It was a lot of fun last night. I know I enjoyed myself, and I think your father and brother did, too. Steve tried, and it worked for both of us, but after he met my brother, your Uncle Len, I know he realized it wasn't his forte."

"Uncle Len? What about him?"

Mom, got up, apparently not ready to talk about her brother, saying, "It's nothing. Maybe I'll explain another time."

Stephanie wanted to know more, but obviously, Mom wasn't about to tell her. So, she just returned to her breakfast and let that little tidbit of information simmer.

While she ate, Mom puttered around, finishing making breakfast. When she had all the pancakes and bacon made and warming in the oven, she sat down at the table and watched her daughter, with a dreamy look of satisfaction on her face.

Stephanie finished the last of her bacon, and noticed the look that she was getting from her mother.

"What?"

"Oh, I'm just so glad to have someone to submit to. I'm sure you can't understand it, but for me, it's a very fulfilling feeling. And I'm extra glad that it's a woman. I know with a good Master, I can get the satisfaction I need, but I'm much more comfortable with a Mistress. And I'm so glad it's you. You are such a beautiful girl, I love you so much. Thank you."

In response to this, Stephanie said, "Eat me."

A big grin broke out on Mom's face, and while she stood and removed her apron, Steph scooted her chair around for better access. Mom knelt on the floor in front of her daughter and mistress and parted her robe. With a whispered, "Thank you, Mistress," Mom pushed her face into Stephanie's pussy.

Steph moaned and reclined back in her chair as comfortably as she could, spreading her legs so Mom could better access her warm, wet slit. After only a few minutes of cunniligual bliss, though, a knock was heard on the back door.

Stephanie started, and tried to get up and cover herself, but Mom grabbed around her waist and held her in place.

"Hello, is anybody home? Anne, you in there?" The door opened and Mom's younger sister, Pat, walked in. Aunt Pat settled on the sight of her sister kneeling on the floor, her head buried between her daughter's legs. Instead of being outraged and appalled, like Stephanie was afraid she'd be, Aunt Pat said, very calmly:

"So, Anne, I see you weren't lying."

Stephanie's head nearly exploded when her aunt knelt next to her mom and joined in the fantastic eating out she was receiving. Her aunt was just as sex hungry as her mom was! But, she didn't know if she was as submissive.

"Aunt Pat..." Her aunt's short-bobbed blonde head looked up, "take off your shirt and bra."

Her aunt sat back and slipped off her shirt, revealing that she hadn't been wearing a bra. Aunt Pat's tits weren't nearly as big as Mom's or Steph's, but just the sight of them sent a new gush of juice into Stephanie's hot cunt.

When she'd discarded her shirt and tossed it aside, Aunt Pat bent back in to feast some more on her niece's pussy.

Stephanie was loving all this. She'd never been eaten out so well before. Of course, her pussy hadn't really been licked by anyone except her mother the night before. Steph grabbed hold of her nipples and squeezed and pinched them, her orgasm building in a great tidal wave that threatened to crash over her at almost any time. Once her orgasm did rage through her body, it was a bigger, better one than she'd ever experienced before. She'd never felt anything like it. Her mom and aunt were fabulous cunt-lickers. Stephanie felt a warmth ooze down to her asshole and she realized she'd squirted. She'd never done that before. Then again, she'd never been taken care of so well before.

When Steph came off her cum, and her breathing became less labored, she sat up a little and looked at her two "tormentors". Both Mom and Aunt Pat beamed their sexual satisfaction, and their faces shone with saliva and pussy juice. Aunt Pat turned to her sister and kissed her. Not a sisterly peck, but an open mouthed tongue-tangler. Each woman then rubbed her face over the other's, getting the smell of cunt all over faces and tits.

Applause from the doorway stopped them short. "Very nice." It was Dad. "Stephanie, you don't know how long I've wanted to see something like that. Pat, I've wanted to fuck you ever since your sister introduced us. Maybe I'll get that chance, now. That is, if Mistress will allow it."

Pat had never seen her brother-in-law naked, though not for a lack of desire. Now that he was here, she hoped, like him, that she'd get the chance to try more forbidden fruit. Aunt Pat turned to Stephanie.

"Mistress, maybe your uncle and cousin would like to come over and visit. They're in the kitchen, eating breakfast. Your Uncle Eddie's in his boxers, and Emily is in a pair of simple cotton panties. We've been doing this now for about a year. Your cousin seduced us, her mom and dad."

The thought of having her uncle and cousin take part in the naughty games appealed to Stephanie. Wicked ideas started to pulse through her mind at the thought of continuing this domination incest with even more members. She was starting to really get into all this, the power trip, especially. And the sex wasn't bad either.

Fortunately, Aunt Pat and Uncle Eddie lived right next door.

"Slave-mom, go and get your niece and brother-in-law. We'll see how they like the situation over here..."

"Mistress," Aunt Pat interrupted, "I think it would be better if *you* went over. Emily is domme in our family, like you are here, but I think she would gladly submit to you. And I want to see her submit to you."

Steph nodded at her aunt's words. "Okay. I'll be right back."

Stephanie threw on her robe again, but didn't bother tying it. She left her kitchen and walked the short way to Aunt Pat and Uncle Eddie's back door, where she entered without knocking.

Though Aunt Pat was a year younger than her sister, Anne, her daughter was a year older than Stephanie. Emily had the looks of all the Austin (Mom's maiden name) women. Blonde, nice body, tits that set almost any guy's heart going pitty-pat, and that blonde pubic bush. Emily attended the local community college and still lived at home. Like Aunt Pat had said, Em sat there in nothing but a pair of panties.

Steph usually thought cotton panties to be boring and utilitarian. But she realized that, in the proper frame of mind, they could be just as arousing as a wispy lace thong. And her cousin's shapely ass stretching the soft material definitely put her in the proper frame of mind.

Emily didn't turn around, she assumed since no one had knocked, that it was her mom returning home. She just kept on eating her breakfast and reading the morning paper, until...

"Out of that chair and on your knees, slut!"

Emily's head popped up. That wasn't her mother's voice. She turned quickly and saw her cousin standing there, her robe hanging loose over her otherwise naked body. Surprised only began to describe it. But eventually, the order sank in and a slight smile twitched on her lips, and she rose. Em looked her cousin in the eye, a slight look of defiance on her face, but it quickly softened and she sank gracefully to her knees.

"Good morning, Mistress Stephanie. And how is my cousin this fine morning?"

Stephanie was relieved to find that Emily's domination streak was not quite as strong as hers: she wasn't sure she was willing to give up this power yet. She felt incredible love for her cousin at that moment, stronger than she'd ever felt for her before. Steph also realized she had a greater love for Mom, Dad and even Reggie after last night. She hadn't realized until now that the trust they showed by their relinquishing of power made her cherish them all the more.

"My dear, beautiful cousin, there's a party starting at my house, and we'd like you and your father, my uncle, to be there. You don't need to bring anything, except your bodies and your lust. And leave your desires on the floor here. My desires are your desires now.

"Call Uncle Eddie, Em, I need him, too."

Emily called out from her place on the floor, "Dad! Could you come into the kitchen for a minute? I want to show you something!"

Ed Kendall came into the kitchen, in nothing but his boxers, newspaper in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other.

"What'd ya need, honey..." Uncle Eddie stopped short when he saw his daughter kneeling on the floor and his niece standing over her, nearly nude. "Mistress, what are you doing?"

Emily looked over her shoulder at her father and replied, "It would appear that I now have a mistress, too, lollypop."

A smirk twisted Steph's mouth. To Emily she asked, "Lollypop?"

Emily looked up into her cousin's face and half whispered, "You'll see."

Steph looked up at Uncle Eddie, who was obviously embarrassed at being there in his underwear in front of his niece. She saw him trying to cover his growing erection, but she stopped him.

"Put your hands down... lollypop!" Uncle Eddie's hands dropped to his side (fortunately he'd put his coffee cup down), and his head bowed in submission. "Very good. Now join your beautiful daughter here on the floor." He shuffled quickly into place, then knelt next to Emily.

Uncle Eddie had been a wrestler in college, and still kept himself pretty fit. He was definitely more defined than Steph's father, although her dad still wasn't at all bad looking. The boxer shorts didn't contain his growing dick, though, and it tented out the front of his underwear and gapped the cock hole in them. Steph caught a vague glimpse of his manhood through the hole, and it appeared bigger than her dad's.

Steph nodded toward the door. "C'mon, you two. Everybody's over at our house." Emily and her dad stood up and Steph said, "Oh and you can leave those here." She pointed to their underwear. "I'm sure nobody is dressed next door."

Em and Uncle Eddie glanced at one another at the order, then shrugged and slid their undergarments to the floor.

Now Stephanie understood the "lollypop" thing. Uncle Eddie had gotten hard while he knelt before her, and the "lollypop" thing referred to the shape of his cock. It was big, maybe eight inches or so, but the shaft was relatively small in diameter in comparison to the head. The head of Uncle Eddie's cock was at least twice the diameter of the shaft and an intense purple color. It looked kind of odd, but the thought of what it would feel like stretching the walls of her pussy had Stephanie throbbing.

Stephanie resisted reaching out to touch her uncle's big-headed dick (that would be for later, she promised herself), and left her aunt and uncle's house for her own. She wondered as she made the short way home, what her mom, dad and aunt had got themselves into while she was away. She also wondered if, by some miracle, her brother had woken up yet.

Partway home, she turned around to see if Emily and Uncle Eddie were following. They were, but they kept shooting frightened glances around to see if any of the neighbors could see them. Fortunately, the houses were pretty widely spaced, and there were fences and hedges separating most of the neighbor's houses.

When all three of them entered the Conroy's house, Uncle Eddie had lost most of his hard-on, but Emily's nipples were so hard, it looked like they must hurt. The three turned into the kitchen, and they all three were surprised.

A naked mom knelt in the middle of the kitchen floor, head down. Dad had been tied to one of the kitchen chairs, and his cock stood proudly erect, pointing toward the ceiling. This was surprising enough, but what was most arousing was on the kitchen table.

Her jeans now laying on the floor next to her shirt, Aunt Pat lay spread-eagled, tied to the kitchen table. Her neatly trimmed pussy drooled juices down her ass crack and onto the tabletop. 

Stephanie's pussy leaked some of its own juices at the sight. Her parents and aunt had been busy little beavers while she'd been away. And she hadn't been away all that long! This could prove to be lots of fun, though...

"Oh my, what a welcome home!" Steph turned to look at her uncle and cousin. They both had looks of intense lust on their faces, and Uncle Eddie's cock was once again stiff and swollen.

Stephanie quickly assumed control of the situation.

"Uncle lollypop, go see what you can do for your brother-in-law."

Stephanie pulled a chair out and sat while she watched Uncle Eddie move up to her dad.

Uncle Eddie went to the corner and got the step-stool Anne used to get things off the top cupboard shelves, set it up next to Steve, then stood on it, placing his cock at Steve's mouth level. Eagerly, Steph's dad opened as wide as he could and took that enormous cockhead into his mouth. It didn't look all that comfortable, but Dad appeared to be enjoying himself. He worked back and forth on his brother-in-law's huge cock-head (since that's all he could really take), sucking and licking it, making Uncle Eddie moan with intense pleasure. Even without his hands, Steve Conroy was apparently a really good cocksucker, because after a few minutes, Uncle Eddie started to make sounds like he was going to cum.

"Stop!"

Stephanie's shout made everybody look up from what they were doing. Even Aunt Pat's head came up from the table.

"You mustn't cum yet, Uncle lollypop. I've got something in mind for your load. Don't I, Mom?" Anne didn't look up, just bobbed her head a little. "So, why don't you give your brother-in-law a little of what he just gave you?"

Uncle Eddie protested. "I've never sucked a guy's cock before. I don't have any intention of doing it now. I'm no fag."

Stephanie calmly replied, "My dad's no fag, either, fucker, and I think he probably just gave you one of the best blowjobs you've ever had. You seemed to have no problem with having him suck you. If you won't suck him, go home. You won't get any of us. Ever again. This includes your wife. She's mine now. Aren't you Aunt Pat?"

Patricia Kendall lifted her head and responded, "Yes, Mistress. Thank you, Mistress."

"So just play along, and I think you'll have some of the best sex you've ever had, with my mom and your daughter, my dad, my brother, and maybe even me. Just suck his cock, dickhead, and leave that locker room bullshit behind."

Uncle Eddie thought about it for a minute. Could Stephanie really order his wife not to have sex with him? Would she really obey? He didn't want anybody to think he was gay. On the other hand, this was family. They shouldn't be having sex together in the first place. And yet, his wife, daughter and he had been having sex for almost a year now. This was almost an extension of that, with the exception that his niece wanted to tell him what to do. Could he do this?

Finally making a decision, Ed Kendall descended the step ladder, knelt before his brother-in-law, reached out his hand, and for the first time, felt another man's hard penis. It wasn't really that bad. Steve had a pretty nice cock. It fit Ed's hand very nicely, and the skin was soft and silky like on his own dick. The head wasn't anywhere close to being as big as his own, and that fact alone assured him a little. Nobody laughed at the 'fag boy'. All the looks in the room were of intense lust. Everyone, including his wife - who was craning her neck to see the action - was waiting eagerly to see what he'd do next.

Slowly, Uncle Eddie stroked his brother-in-law's hard cock. He reached with his free hand between Steve's legs and fondled his balls. He loved the feeling of Steve's testicles in his hand, felt their weight, stroked the smooth-shaved sac as if it was his own and enjoyed seeing and feeling them contract a little.

After a little while of cock stroking and testicle juggling, Uncle Eddie leaned forward and licked Steve's cockhead. When the 'gay boy patrol' didn't come and bash his brains in, he opened up and took the whole head into his mouth. This wasn't so bad. It was definitely different from eating pussy, and yet it was just as stimulating.

Finally warming to what he was doing, Uncle Eddie started to move his hand in time with his mouth. He fucked Steve's pole back and forth in his mouth, occasionally taking as much of it as he could. It was surprising how far back in his throat he could get it. Ed started to do the things he liked having done to his cock while receiving head. He stuck his tongue into the pisshole, he lapped from the base of Steve's balls all the way to the cock head and around to the base on the top side. He flipped his tongue lightly and rapidly on the very tip of the cock head, then plunged down deep, eliciting a hissing intake of breath and a moan from his subject.

He then dipped his head down to lap at Steve's balls. The feeling of the smooth, soft skin with the firm nut inside was great! Ed sucked first one, then the other of Steve's testicles into his mouth. He tried to get both of them in at the same time, but the sac was tightening up too much. So, he simply continued as he had been and gave Stephanie's dad the mouth-loving of a lifetime!

But, as had happened with him, when Steve was getting too obviously close to cumming, Stephanie shouted, "Stop right there. Just like with you, I have plans for the jizz in those balls.

"How about you, Dad?"

Steve was panting so hard, it took him a while to reply. "I'm fantastic, Mistress. Your Uncle Eddie is..."

Steph interrupted with, "His name is Uncle lollypop." She pointed to Ed's stiff cock, with its enormous, bulbous head. "For rather obvious reasons."

Her father continued, "Your Uncle lollypop is a natural cocksucker. He knows exactly what feels best."

Stephanie laughed, "Of course, he has one, too." She turned to Emily, who'd been watching this whole scene from a kneeling position on the floor. Her breathing was labored, and she looked to be on the verge of an orgasm. A copious amount of pussy juice had leaked out and down Em's leg, forming a puddle at her knees similar to the one under Aunt Pat's ass.

"Emily, my dear slutty cousin, I believe your mother has something for you."

Before she could get up, Emily shuddered and a scream tore from her lips as she had an orgasm just from what she'd seen with her father and uncle, and what she knew she was about to do with her mother.

Now, Emily had been having sex with her parents for a little while, so she'd sucked her dad's cock and eaten her mom's pussy before. However, up until now, she'd been the one in control. The freedom of submission, to concern herself with doing only what she was told, and not having to worry about what she would do next was pure bliss. And watching her usually macho-ass father sucking cock... oh fuck!

Emily finally rose onto shaky legs, bent and kissed Stephanie on the lips, thanked her, then went to the table.

Now, when Em had played domme at home with her parents, they hadn't really done much bondage. A little spanking here and there, some "forced" rimming and the like, but she hadn't really tried tying either of them up much. Seeing her mom helpless sent a new surge of lust and anticipation through her pussy.

Emily first went to her mom's head. She rubbed her hand over her soaking cunt lips, then reached out to her mom's face.

Pat moaned at the touch of her daughter's hand as it rubbed pussy juice all over her cheeks, chin and nose. Then Emily's hand left, returning with another handful of musky cunt-fluid which she rubbed all down her mom's throat and tits, then came back around and pushed three fingers into her mouth.

Eagerly, Pat Kendall licked the cunt juice off her daughter's fingers, reveling in the flavor of Emily's pussy. When she'd finished the fingers in her mouth, she licked off the rest of her daughter's hand.

When her mom had satisfied herself with the cleanup of her hand, Emily leaned over and pressed her mouth to her mom's lips. Pat's tongue darted out almost immediately, and Emily tasted herself on her mother's tongue and lips. Emily enjoyed the flavor of her pussy, and usually licked her fingers after she masturbated, but getting it this way was better. Better still was licking her juice off a stiff, wet cock...

Without even asking if the table would support her, Em got up and straddled her mom's face. Hungrily, Pat dove into her daughter's hot, steamy cunt like her life depended on it. Emily came as soon as she felt her mother's tongue start to do its manic dance on her pussy lips. When she came down from this cum, Em leaned forward a little and grabbed each of her mom's nipples.

Now, Emily knew her mother had highly sensitive breasts. Pat had told her this during a conversation they'd had years ago, because Emily had them, too. Em had tried in the past to make herself orgasm just by playing with her tits, and actually managed to do it once. Her mother said that as a girl, she always played with her breasts at the same time she masturbated, sometimes even tied little loops of thread with weights of some type on them. Her tits were a constant source of pleasure, and Emily knew it.

Em pinched her mom's nipples as tight as she could, causing Pat's hips to rise off the tabletop, and a moan of intense pleasure to vibrate her daughter's cunt. When Emily pulled her nips out away from her body, stretching them until they almost hurt, she pulled her face away from her daughter's musky pussy and yelled her delight.

Emily mauled her mother's breasts for a few more minutes, then stretched herself out over her mom's body. Dipping her head down, Emily lapped at her mom's dripping pussy lips, catching the juice as it oozed out now, so it didn't drip down onto the table anymore. Pat craned her neck up into her daughter's eager slit, quickly latching onto Emily's swollen clit.

Well, both ladies were pretty worked up, so it didn't take long for either of them to come to fabulous orgasms, both of them screaming their pleasure into the other's spasming pussy. After one enormous, beautiful cum together, neither lady was ready to quit, so they both kept their mouths locked on the other's throbbing cunt through another tremendous cum.

Of course, through all this, everyone else was being good, quiet little boys and girls. NOT!

Steph's mom was watching the goings on with obvious lust, and had taken a chance and started to rub her own throbbingly painful clit while watching what she'd have loved to be doing. Steve and Ed had pulled up chairs to watch, and reached over to the other's cock and gently held and stroked while enjoying the sapphic splendors before them. Even Mistress Stephanie wasn't immune to the pleasing spectacle she'd helped orchestrate. She openly rubbed her clit and pinched and squeezed her own tits while watching her aunt and cousin love one another.

After their second orgasm, and both ladies had recovered somewhat, Emily looked up from between her mother's legs, her hair disheveled, her cheeks and chin glistening, and a sleepy, satisfied grin on her face.

"Mistress," Em said after a long, blissful moment, "may I have this treatment next? Only I would like my mother and yours both to service me. And..." she looked Stephanie right in the eye, "I would like you to participate, too."

Stephanie smiled from ear to ear. "Certainly you may. I'd enjoy that. I know your mom and mine would, too. Just say when."

Emily smiled back, "Right now, Mistress. I want to cum and cum and cum..."

Steph got up from her chair and started to untie Aunt Pat from the table. "Just you wait, Emily Kendall. You'll get your chance. Right now, though, I imagine my mom is getting just a little hungry. Aren't you, slave-mom?"

Anne looked up at her daughter. "Oh, yes, Mistress. I haven't had breakfast, yet."

Steph motioned for her dad and uncle to finish untying Aunt Pat while Emily got off the table. "Well, then, I guess it's time for you to have your breakfast. Fix your plate, then come back to the table. Em, go get Reggie. I need his participation for this, too."

On that cue, Reggie himself walked into the kitchen, looking worse for wear. "Whaddya want?" He then looked around the room at all the nude bodies and asked, "What'd I miss?"

Stephanie laughed. "A lot, sleepyhead. Mom made breakfast. It's in the oven, keeping warm. Emily, Uncle Eddie and Aunt Pat dropped by, and so far, only two of us have had orgasms that I know of. As for my plans for you, it involves you, Dad, Uncle Eddie, and Mom's breakfast.

"Dad, Uncle Eddie, I hope you are up for this. Reg, I know you will be. Boys, Mom needs some syrup for her pancakes. Will you be so kind as to give her some? She likes the white, creamy kind. That's right, boys, I want you to jerk off on Mom's breakfast."


Anne purred at the idea. She brought her plate from the counter and held it out. "Come on, guys, give me your cum. I want a new kind of syrup for my breakfast." The men all started to stroke their cocks, getting ready for Steph's mom's breakfast treat. After not too long, Dad and Uncle Eddie started to moan and Mom held her plate under their cocks to catch as much cum as they could give her. Dad's cock spasmed, and spurt after spurt of creamy jizz streaked out to land on his wife's pancakes. Shortly after Steve started his cum, Uncle Eddie's big-headed dick began spewing its pearly load out over his sister-in-law's breakfast plate. Reggie took a little longer, since he hadn't been taking part in the morning festivities, but being young, it wasn't too long after Uncle Eddie's big load that Reg left his creamy deposit on his mom's breakfast.

Stephanie felt a flood of horny emotion wash over her. This was maybe the kinkiest thing she'd ever seen, and it was her own idea! She nearly came when Mom eagerly sat at the table, cut off a piece of pancake, lifted it off the plate - leaving a string of cum from her fork to the plate - and placed it in her mouth. Her mom savored the flavor of all three men's cum mixed together, and quickly dug into the rest.

After a few bites, Anne looked up from her meal and asked, "Anybody want some?"

The guys all declined, but Aunt Pat and Emily were interested. They each tried a bite and while it was okay for Emily, she admitted she'd rather have it from the source. Aunt Pat, on the other hand, thought it was delicious. Stephanie decided that everybody should try some. Everybody.

She stepped up to her mom's plate, took a piece of cum-covered pancake and pushed it into her mouth. It wasn't bad. It was definitely different. She thought she'd like to try all three men's cum mixed together by itself sometime.

"You," she pointed to her dad. "Come here."

Knowing what was coming, Steve stepped up to his wife's side and opened his mouth for a piece of pancake. He chewed it, and while it wasn't going to be his favorite flavor, it wasn't bad.

"Next!"

Neither Reggie nor Uncle Eddie moved. Steph turned to them and said, "Over here, now!"

Both of them rushed to the table, where they each took a piece with as little jizz on it as they could find, and popped it into their mouths. They didn't make any faces like it was horrible, but neither was it the best thing they'd ever tried.

Steph left Mom to finish her breakfast, which she was more than happy to do. Aunt Pat kept begging off her plate, and eventually, the two sisters sat side by side, sharing Anne's breakfast.

"Anybody else want some pancakes and bacon? There's plenty. Without the special sauce, that is."

Reggie and Dad both wanted something, but Uncle Eddie had eaten at home, and so had Em. Steph ate earlier, too, so she excused herself to her room, inviting Emily to come along.

Em and Steph went upstairs, both very nude. Once inside Stephanie's room, they both sat on the bed and kissed like long lost lovers. After a few minutes of tongue wrestling, Steph backed off and said, "So, you've been doing this kind of thing with your mom and dad awhile, huh?"

Emily laughed, lay back on the bed and stretched. "Yeah. I seduced them both. One day, about a year ago, I decided that I probably had the sexiest parents of practically anybody I knew. Also, at our age, guys are generally a bunch of assholes. I knew I loved my mom and dad, and I knew they'd treat me right. So, incest or not, I decided I'd see if I could get them to fuck me, and save me trying to find a guy myself for awhile.

"Dad was easy. He usually leaves the bathroom door unlocked when he takes a piss, and I just walked right in, reached around, grabbed his dick and whispered, 'Want some help with that?' He nearly peed all over the place, trying to figure out if it was me or Mom behind him. When he found out it was me, he almost freaked. But I kept stroking his cock and fondling his balls, and eventually, his genitals made the decision for him. I even got down and sucked him off right there in the bathroom. My jaw hurt for hours after that. I know I'll have a hard time finding another guy with a cock like my dad's.

"Mom was a little bit harder. I caught her after she'd gotten out of the shower and before she got dressed. I walked in the bedroom just as she was dropping her towel. Before she had much chance to react, I grabbed her and planted a big, deep kiss on her. I reached down and started to finger her pussy, and before I knew it, she was cumming.

"I found out a little later about their submissiveness. Dad, of course, is the stubborn one. I think he's spent a little too much time with those dickhead buddies of his at the gym. He still has a lot of weird ideas about sex roles and such. He can't get over fucking me, though."

She sat up and asked Stephanie, "So, how did all this happen with you?"

Steph gave her cousin the short version of the previous night's adventures. Em moaned when she found out Steph had had her own father take her cherry.

When Stephanie was through telling Emily about the morning's events before she came over, Em leaned in and kissed her cousin/Mistress again, this time more passionately. Stephanie's mother knocked at the doorway, just as Emily was bending to suck on her cousin's nipples.

"Uh, Mistress, everyone is through with breakfast. We wondered if Emily wanted that scene on the table she mentioned earlier?"

Em sat up straight and looked Stephanie in the eyes, pleading. "May I, Mistress? Please?"

Steph looked back into her cousin's expectant face, and felt a surge of pure lust and intense love roar through her. She reached out and pinched one of Emily's nipples as she said, "Of course. But I get your pussy."

Emily beamed, kissed Stephanie quickly, then bounded off the bed and out of the room.

Steph sat on her bed for a moment, contemplating what her life was becoming. Never before had she imagined last night or this morning. And it looked like her home life was changed forever. A part of her mourned the loss of the old family dynamic, but a bigger part was curious to find out what would develop as time went on. And an enormous part of her delighted in the power and pleasure inherent in her new role in the family. She loved them all so much, and she wanted to make them happy, and apparently, they now were.

For a minute, Steph put a finger against her clit and rubbed hard. She knew anybody downstairs would happily to do this for her, but she wanted to do it herself. She'd been denying herself, thinking self-control was the hallmark of a good Top. She knew she was right in this - it wouldn't do for the domme to be a total nympho - but here was the chance to get all the pleasure she wanted, as long as she kept her slaves happy.

Before going downstairs, Stephanie clamped her clit between the thumb and forefinger of one hand and rolled it tightly. The painful pleasure this gave pumped her already horny body into readiness for sucking her cousin's hot, beautiful pussy.

When Stephanie got back to the kitchen, everybody was waiting. Emily grinned from her spread out position on the kitchen table, and the other five waited, spaced around Em's bound form.

Steph took one look at Emily tied to their kitchen table and her pussy throbbed. She wanted little more than to make her sexy cousin cum. Without any orders to anyone else, Steph dove into Emily's waiting, soaking pussy.

Everybody in the room moaned, watching their Mistress eating out her cousin. They all took Stephanie's starting as an ivitation to start in on Emily's body themselves. Mom and Aunt Pat took their places, each on a nipple, and the boys all reached out and caressed the supine girl's soft skin.

Em was writhing around in ecstatic agony in seconds. The amazing naughtiness of what they were all doing kept racing through her mind, causing thrills of erotic pleasure that simply augmented the sensations the outside of her body was receiving.

Shortly, Em's back arched, her hips twitched involutarily, and a scream bounced off the walls of the Conroy's kitchen, as she had her first three-girl orgasm. Once her cum had subsided, Mom and Aunt Pat raised off Emily's nipples, thinking this was over, but Stephanie never raised her head from between Em's outspread legs. Pat and Anne looked at one another, smiled, then started working on Emily's tits once more.

Em could barely stand it. She was exhausted from cumming once - not to mention twice earlier - now she was expected to cum again? She wanted to get down off the table now, but she was moaning too much to form any words. The throb in her clit was almost too much as Stephanie sucked it in and out of her mouth as if it was a little cock. Her mom and Aunt Anne sucked, bit and mauled her aching tits until she was sure she wouldn't be able to wear a bra or shirt, her nipples would be so sore. Worst of all, since the sensations were SO intense - almost to the point of pain - it took longer this time to get close to orgasm.

Just as Emily was starting to assimilate the near-pain into pleasure, Stephanie pulled her mouth off and said, rather breathlessly, "Boys, you've been very good, so why don't you each pick a girl-hole and shove your cock into it?"

Now, Steph knew Uncle Eddie had had a vasectomy shortly after Emily was born. Aunt Pat said she only wanted one child, and that was the most effective way she knew of to ensure that. Reg and Dad, on the other hand, needed protection, and Reg rushed out of the room and returned almost seconds later with two condoms.

Everybody ready to go, the guys all took positions behind a lady and started probing. Dad had immediately gone over to Aunt Pat, Reggie wanted some more of his mom, and as she had hoped, Steph was going to get some of that big-headed beast Uncle Eddie was sporting.

Well, it didn't take long before everybody was moaning and yelling and writhing around. Emily was finally assimilating the sensations this second build-up was creating, Dad was getting to feel what Aunt Pat's pussy felt like around his cock, Reg was getting to fuck his mother again, and Steph received the fucking of a lifetime.

It felt like she imagined a tennis ball would feel like sliding in and out of her cunt. Uncle Eddie knew how to use that enormous monster, that was for sure. Steph wondered if Emily or her mom had ever taken this humongous thing in their asses. Now, that would be fucking amazing.

Well, to nobody's surprise, Emily was first to cum. The pain and sensitivity from the aftermath of her first cum finally developed into pleasure and quickly pushed the girl over the edge of orgasm again. Aunt Pat and Steve came next, her brother-in-law's big cock spurting its second load of the day into her hot, squishy pussy. Reggie came inside his mom next, who screamed out her cum after feeling the first twitch of her son's dick pulsing in her swallowing cunt.

Last was Stephanie and Uncle Eddie. After Emily's second cum, Steph removed her mouth from her cousin's sloppy pussy and concentrated on the wonderful sensations that ripped through her, caused by her uncle's obscene cock. Eventually, Uncle Eddie lifted Stephanie off the floor, still impaled on his fucking shaft, and walked over to a chair and sat down. Stephanie yelled when Uncle Eddie's ass hit the chair, because the bump caused more of that fucking big stick to bury itself deeper into her clasping cunt.

Steph adjusted her legs once she'd grown accustomed to the position they were now in and started taking control of the fucking herself. She ground her pussy down onto the invader inside her and swiveled her hips around in circles, causing the most delicious sensations in her belly. It felt like the head of Uncle Eddie's cock was somwhere above her bellybutton inside, it was buried so deep. She took his balls in her hands and stroked and diddled them while she rode, and was treated to moans of pleasure from her fuck-companion.

That is what her mind called him at this point: not her uncle, just a fuck-toy. His only reason to be, in her fevered mind, was to give her a mind-altering, pussy-screaming orgasm. If he came, too, fine. It wasn't a necessity, though.

Uncle Eddie started to moan louder, Steph felt his balls tighten, and she knew he was on the verge of cumming. She simply continued her treatment of his balls, and the gyrating movement of her pussy on his cock, until she felt it start to pump.

Boy, even after having cum once already this morning, Uncle Eddie had a lot of jizz to give her. Stephanie felt his cock spurt strongly into her pussy, then felt it oozing out around his shaft. Steph hadn't cum yet, and felt a little left out, even though she'd just received the fucking of her life.

Stephanie's dilemma was solved by Emily, who had been released from her position on the kitchen table so she could watch her father fuck his niece. Em got down off the table, knelt between the legs of both her dad and Stephanie, and started to lap up the juices that soaked both of them. Emily licked up and down her dad's cock and balls, and then around the sucking pussy it was embedded in.

Stephanie began to quickly build to an orgasm while Emily serviced her, licking up the boy and girl cum between her legs. Emily latched onto Steph's clit once she'd decided everybody was clean enough, and the combination of the mouth on her cunt and the cock still stretching her pussy, with its head *really* stretching her insides, was enough to push her off the cliff of cum.

Steph screamed. She thrashed around so much that Uncle Eddie's rapidly deflating dick popped out, causing another flood of combined juices to pour out of her pussy. Emily locked her mouth onto Stephanie's pussy and drank down everything she could get. She was addicted to the combined taste of her father and her cousin. She followed Stephanie's hips wherever they went, and kept her tongue going on the spasming lips of her cousin's cunt.

After a while, Stephanie finally came down from her orgasm, collapsed back onto Uncle Eddie's body, and let out a long, heartfelt sigh. Uncle Eddie reached around and placed a hand on her tummy to steady and cuddle her a little, then jumped a little as he felt Emily begin to clean up his cock.

Once Em had lapped up all the cum and pussy juice from her father's dick and balls, she got up, giving Stephanie's pussy a kiss on the way, and stretched.

"My god! This was heavenly! I hope there's more." Emily cradled a breast, flicked at the nipple and winced a little. "But maybe later. It looks like I've had enough for now. I need a shower."

From Uncle Eddie's lap, Stephanie said, in a totally blissed-out voice, "You want some company?"

Emily smiled. "Oh, absolutely, Mistress."

Steph stretched, then got off Uncle Eddie's lap, stretched again, and said to the room: "You guys are all on your own hooks for a while. I'm going out in a little bit. After Em and I have had a shower. Do whatever you want. I don't care."

Stephanie then reached for Emily's hand and led her to the upstairs shower.

Once in the shower, Em turned on the water and adjusted the temperature. While Steph lounged against the far wall of the stall, Emily soaked her hair and luxuriated in the warm water. Before she started to soap herself though, she asked Stephanie, "You want a little help?"

It took a moment before Steph breathed, "Yeah."

Emily stepped to her cousin, took her in her arms and kissed her. While in the embrace, she turned Stephanie around until Steph's hair was wet, too. Before long, both girls were standing under the shower stream, the water adding a sleek slickness to everything they did. Emily loved the feel of Stephanie's soft breasts pressing into her own, and she reached down to cup each of Steph's perfect butt cheeks and pull her pussy mound as tightly into hers as possible.

Stephanie, meanwhile, was letting her wet hands roam all over her cousin's damp skin. She loved the silkiness of it, and hoped to be able to kiss every inch of it. Soon. Emily's lips were much softer than any of the boys she'd kissed, more sensual. The fact that this was her cousin didn't really even matter. It just added a little extra fuel to the flame. This was simply a fucking gorgeous woman that she loved.

Eventually, Emily broke the kiss, eliciting a whimper from Steph. She felt the water starting to cool a little, and figured they'd better get showered before there was no hot water left. Em shampooed Stephanie's hair, massaging her scalp the way she liked to have it done, then once her hair was finished, conditioned, and the works, she lathered up her hands.

Stephanie saw this and said, "There are poofs and washcloths and that kind of thing, if you'd rather..."

Emily replied sultrily, "I want to feel your skin beneath my bare hands, if you don't mind, Mistress."

Steph smiled. "Be my guest."

Emily started at Stephanie's face, rubbing at the hairline, then down around the backs of her ears, back to the back of her neck. Stephanie stretched into the neck rub like a cat, then straightened when the hands moved back to the front.

Em next rubbed her thumbs across her cousin's forehead, stretching the skin a little before placing her fingers at Steph's temples and rubbing in slow circles. Steph moaned a little at this. It felt too good.

From there, Em placed her thumbs between Steph's eyebrows and followed the sides of her nose around the outside of and under her cheekbones, along her jaw and to the indentation of her jaw just under her ears. She then massaged the muscles on either side of Steph's neck, down to her shoulders, where she took a minute to really dig in. Stephanie gasped as Emily's fingers bit deep into muscle she didn't even know was that tight.

Em decided she needed to hurry a little, the water was starting to cool quite a bit, and she hoped not to have to take *her* shower with ice water. "Sorry, Mistress. I need to speed things up a bit. Forgive me." Emily ran her hands over Stephanie's back and shoulders, down her arms, regretfully quickly over Steph's perfect breasts, then down her belly, into Steph's pussy, back to her little ass pucker, then down each leg, and she was done.

By now, the water was pretty cold, and Em unfortunately nearly froze getting cleaned up. Stephanie enjoyed the spectacle the chilly water made of Em's nipples, though. Em gasped at the contrast when Steph locked her lips over one of those stiff, frozen nips while she was rinsing off.

Spending no extra time under the water, Em turned off the water as soon as she could, then pulled back the shower curtain. There, sitting on the toilet, cock in hand, was Reggie. Apparently he'd been watching the ladies shower.

Stephanie saw him there and saucily asked, "Good show?"

Reg replied, "Oh, fuck. You have no idea."

While Emily put an arm around Steph's waist and posed for her cousin, Steph said, pointing at her brother's cock, "Be sure you save a little of that. I may want to play later." With that, she grabbed a towel, handed it to Em, took another and started to wrap herself in it. Steph was starting to realize that one of the things she liked to do with Reggie was tease. She knew she'd let him get off, but knew also that what he now wanted, maybe had been wanting for some time, was to fuck her and get sucked off by her. Steph was enjoying playing the coquette with him, though, now that he no longer had to peek through partially open doors anymore.

Grabbing another towel for her hair, Stephanie stepped from the shower, kissed her brother on the forehead, and trotted out of the bathroom, followed by Em, who simply shrugged as she passed Reg.

In Stephanie's room, the girls again sat on the bed, this time drying their hair. Steph said, "Too bad the water got too cold. That massage you started on my face was heavenly."

Em sighed. "Yeah. My mom likes a long, slow massage in the shower, too. I've gotten really good at it.

"Want me to comb out your hair?"

"Sure."

Stephanie turned her back to her cousin, who reached to Steph's nightstand and picked up a comb, and started running it through the damp hair. Emily loved Stephanie's hair, and hoped to get hers to grow out a little. She loved hair that fell past the shoulders. On girls or guys. Em thought one of the most sensual non-sexual things a person could to someone else was to slowly comb or brush their hair.

When Emily was finished with her hair, Steph squeezed the extra water out with her towel and said, "Turn around. I'll do you."

Em saucily replied, "I sure hope so."

Steph gave her cousin the same treatment she'd received with the comb, even though Emily's hair was shorter than her own. She tried to make it as erotic an experience as Emily had done for her.

When Steph finished Em's hair, she put down the comb and reached up to her cousin's shoulders. Once there she started to dig in to the muscles just as Em had done in the shower to her. Emily gasped then purred at the attention. From her shoulders, Stephanie reached around and down, cupping each of Emily's gorgeous breasts in her hands.

Em gasped, "Easy, Mistress. The nipples are still really sore."

At that, an evil grin twisted Stephanie's face - unseen by Emily - and she grabbed each globe of tit flesh and squeezed hard. She had also worked her fingers around so that while she squeezed, she could just pinch her cousin's poor, overworked nipples between her fingers. The breath caught in Emily's throat at this, and an enormous moan escaped her lips.

"Apparently they aren't *that* sore." Steph continued mauling Emily's breasts for a few more minutes, then hopped up from the bed. Em whined in protest. Steph replied, "C'mon. Let's go out. I wasn't able to go out last night... Granted, what happened was worth it... But I need to get the hell out of this house."

Emily hesitated. "Uh, but... Um, my clothes are all next door."

Stephanie laughed. "You can wear some of my stuff. I'm sure we're both pretty close in size."

Steph went to the closet and rummaged around a little, then over to her dresser and got some things out of a couple of drawers, then started separating.

"Here. This is yours..." She handed Emily some knee socks, a pair of cotton thong panties, a short plaid skirt, and a lightweight sweater.

Emily looked at it and noticed something missing. "Uh, Mistress, I think you forgot a bra..."

Steph waved it off. "You don't need one. Those tits of yours are perfect. Fortunately we're both young enough that they haven't started their way toward our bellybuttons yet. If you haven't noticed, I didn't get one out for me, either. Let's be naughty together."

A little reluctant to go out in public braless, but willing to do it if Stephanie was going to, Emily started getting dressed. Of course, if Stephanie had ordered her, as her mistress, to go braless before she'd handed her the clothes, she'd never have questioned it.

Once dressed, the girls grabbed shoes from the closet, then stood together in front of the mirror on Steph's closet door.

Emily said, "We look just like nice little schoolgirls."

Stephanie added, "Not *nice* little schoolgirls. Schoolgirls, yes. Nice? You tell me.

"Lift up your skirt."

Emily grabbed the hem of her short skirt and pulled it to her waist, exposing her white panties.

"Now pull the crotch aside. Show me your pussy."

Em reached down and pulled the material away from her hot cunt.

Stephanie's eyes sparkled when she asked, "Now is that the type of thing a nice little girl would do?"

Emily's breathing started to get heavier. "No, Mistress. It's the type of thing a slutty little girl would do."

"That's right." Stephanie smiled. "Now, cover up that cunt and let's go."

Emily pulled her panty crotch back into place and dropped her skirt, then followed Steph downstairs.

Reggie was still sitting in the bathroom, his cock now deflated, his mind obviously spinning as to what the hell was happening. Emily saw him there, and stepped into the bathroom.

"What's wrong?"

"I dunno."

Em went down on one knee. "It's okay. My mom and dad and I do this Domme/sub thing, too. I pull the same thing on my dad, teasing him all to hell and not letting him get off. You'll get used to it. You might even start to enjoy it. Just remember, Steph said for you to save some for later." At that, she took Reggie's cock and plunged her mouth over the flaccid tip. She sucked on the soft member, enjoying the spongy feel and the fact she could suck it all down to the root, and really loving the moan of pleasure from her cousin. Just as she felt him starting to close off her throat as he stiffened, she bounced to her feet, leaving his cock to twitch in the breeze. "See you later."

A grunt of protest forced out of Reggie's throat, then he asked, "Where you guys going?"

Em shrugged, "I don't know. Probably the mall."

"Can I come, too?"

"I don't know. I doubt it. I think your sister wants to have a little girl time."

"Shit."

Emily shrugged again. "Yeah, but that's life. See you later."

When she got downstairs, the parents had adjourned to the living room, where they all still sat around nude. Mom and Aunt Pat absently fondled each other's pussy while they watched TV. Uncle Eddie had gone down on Dad's cock again, and Dad was just soaking. Eddie appeared to just be savoring the feeling of having a cock in his mouth, not really doing anything but holding it there. One hand covered Steve's balls, the other fingered his own stiffness.

Stephanie was leaning on the kitchen doorway, watching the scene in front of her. When Emily joined her, she asked, "What have I become? What has become of this family?" It was not really a question of regret, just curiosity.

Em shook her head. "You've simply become what you always had it in you to be. What has happened to the family is that they've become a little - or a lot - freer. The only bad thing is that it has to be secret. I never thought my dad would suck cock. Now look at him. My mom has mentioned Uncle Len before. She wouldn't tell me anything much."

"Yeah, a lot of this seems to come down to Uncle Len. One of these days, we've got to find out what that's all about.

"Come on, let's go."

Stephanie shouted out to their parents, "Em and I are going out. Probably to the mall. We'll be back later."

Uncle Eddie raised a hand in acknowledgement, as did the girls' mothers. Dad mumbled, "Have a good time."

Emily ran home for a purse, then joined Steph, who had her dad's car.

On the way to the mall, Stephanie asked Em, "So, you've been doing this Dom/sub thing for a little while... is it a constant thing?"

"You mean do we have sex all the time? No. At first it was frantic. We couldn't get enough of the new situation. For almost a month, we did practically nothing but the 'scene' thing. I'd come home and there they'd both be, naked and waiting on their knees in the middle of the floor. It was great, but after a while it got to be intimidating, too. I mean, how can you think of something new and interesting day after day after day?"

Steph nodded. "I know what you mean. Last night, just after I quit, I had all of 'em in the same situation. All of them waiting for me to give an order. I went blank. I'd had them do all this stuff already, and they still wanted more! So, I just left them to their own devices and went to bed. I was overwhelmed."

"Yeah, and you have one more body to deal with than I do. Of course, that opens more possibilities..."

Stephanie laughed. "And speaking of possibilities, now I have *three* more bodies to work with."

Emily's voice dropped to a more submissive tone. "Yes, Mistress, you do."

The girls drove in silence for a while. Emily finally continued to explain: "But anyway, after a while it cooled down a little. We're all a lot cooler about covering up around the house, as you may have noticed this morning. I'm allowed to touch either of my parents, wherever I like, whenever I like. But the frenzied sessions almost every waking hour are no more. Maybe twice a week. All I know is that I don't have to masturbate anymore. Unless I really want to."

Eventually, Stephanie asked, "Why do you think *everybody* so far has been willing to be my slave? Do I have some sort of magical power that hypnotizes everybody I try to dominate? Why do I seem to be stronger willed than even your dad?"

"I don't know." Emily sat for a moment. "I don't think it's any kind of magical power. At least not in the way I think you mean it. I've read some stuff on the web, and I guess a lot of people are able and willing to give up power to somebody else. It frees them from having to make the decisions themselves. To a certain extent, it removes the responsibility for what they do because they're 'forced'.

"I'll tell you, Steph, I really get off on the power rush, but the simplicity of submitting to you... It's intoxicating."

Now was Stephanie's turn to be quiet. After a short while, she asked, "But if submission is so great, why can't I bear the thought of losing this power?"

Emily shook her head. "I don't know. I don't have all the answers. Apparently you have a 'dominant' makeup, I guess. Maybe you *do* have some kind of magical powers. Maybe you just haven't met the person who's more 'powerful' than you. I really don't know."

"Lift your skirt, slave."

Em smiled and obeyed.

"Expose your pussy."

Emily's cunt came into view.

"Rub your clit."

Em started working on her pussy, rubbing like she'd been ordered. She closed her eyes and luxuriated in the feeling of masturbating in a moving car in full daylight. The naughtiness of it was delicious. Not quite as delicious as the naughtiness at home, but nonetheless...

A blast from an air horn jerked her from her masturbatory reverie, and Em looked up into the face of a truck driver who'd just been enjoying a private show. She smiled weakly at the man, who gave her a thumbs up and then pulled away.

Emily started to drop her skirt in embarrassment, but Steph stopped her. "Oh no, you don't. You just keep that skirt up, slave. Keep your face hidden if you want, but leave your pussy in view. We're almost to the mall, anyway."

Once they arrived at the mall, Stephanie parked as far out as she could. There was a breeze blowing, and while they walked to the doors, their short skirts flew up, exposing their white cotton thongs and bare, shapely asses. Steph was feeling bold: the events of the night before and that morning had her juices flowing, and she was feeling pretty damn invincible right now. Well, horny, mischievous and invincible. Emily was apparently writing this experience off to being forced to as a sub, though Steph was pretty sure Em's exhibitionist thrill-seeking sense was boiling about now.

The two girls walked through the mall doors, and it was almost like in a movie. Practically every set of eyes in the place seemed to turn their way. First a flash of self-consciousness went through each of them: 'What was I thinking, dressing like this? Everybody's going to look at me and think the same thing: SLUT!' Then, their hormones kicked in, and the rationale became: 'But isn't that why I dressed this way? To get a reaction?'

The short bout of embarrassment was quickly overtaken by the rush of exhibitionistic thrill. Both Stephanie and Emily were looking forward to making some cocks hard, and hopefully, some pussies wet.

Acting like they didn't notice the attention they were receiving, the girls started shopping.

In Victoria's Secret, they delighted in torturing the poor husbands and boyfriends who were obviously uncomfortable there with their significant others. They held bras, panties and the like up to the appropriate parts of their bodies and ask, in voices just loud enough for nearby men to hear, "This one won't even cover up my nipples," or, "You think this would creep up my crotch too much?" They saw more than one guy shove his hands in his pockets and push the front of his pants out to try and hide his hard-on.

It was cliché, but they went into a shoe store (one of the few that actually had an attendant who gave you the "personal" touch), and enjoyed the pimply faced clerk's discomfort when he caught a glimpse of panty. Steph wished they'd pulled the crotches of their panties aside before going in, and really give the poor bastard a thrill, but there hadn't been the opportunity.

They kept dropping things, then bending at the waist to pick them up. They were almost asked to leave by a female security guard who noticed when Emily dropped her purse, then deliberately hiked up her skirt just enough her asscheeks peeked out the bottom of her skirt when she picked it up. Steph saw the woman walk their direction, obviously looking directly at them, then get stopped by someone with a question.

The food court may have been the most fun. One guy especially.

Emily had seen this poor bastard off and on the whole time they'd been shopping. His wife/girlfriend was with another woman, and the two women just wouldn't shut up. They didn't even seem to notice the guy was there. The guy appeared to wish with all his heart he was somewhere else. Emily saw that this trio had sat down to eat, and nudged Stephanie, telling her what she had in mind. Steph giggled a little and nodded.

Steph bought a cup of soda, while Emily got a big soft-serve ice cream cone. They found a strategic spot near this guy, but mostly hidden from the ladies.

They made plenty of noise sitting down, to get the guy's attention, and once he noticed them, his gaze was riveted. He didn't even try to make it look like he didn't notice. Both Stephanie and Em gave him a little wave, to acknowledge that he'd seen them, then they started.

Stephanie had picked up an extra-long straw for her drink, and she kept slowly sliding her lips down it before taking a sip, then slowly back off. The whole while she was doing this, she kept her thumb and forefinger stroking up and down the length of the exposed straw. Emily, meanwhile, was eating her ice cream, licking sensuously up the side, lapping off a bit, then starting for another long lick.

The guy was hard in seconds. He didn't even try to hide it. The women he was with never missed a beat, they were so engrossed in their own little world.

Em and Steph continued their tease, reveling in the poor man's discomfort. He didn't really seem too uncomfortable, though. Apparently this was the most excitement he'd had all day, maybe all week! The poor bastard couldn't take it anymore when Stephanie left her cup on the table and leaned over and joined Emily on the ice cream cone. As the two girls started to lick the ice cream as if they were sharing a cock, he shuddered a little, and the girls saw a dark stain begin on his light colored trousers.

Steph and Em left the ice cream for a minute, smiled at the guy, then got up. Stephanie picked up her half-full soda, and the two walked toward the guy, then held out both the ice cream and the cup as they passed. The guy reached out and took what the girls offered, and mouthed a 'thanks' to them as they moved out of his line of sight.

When they were well out of earshot, both girls laughed their heads off. That was fun, made more so by the fact that that guy had been so miserable up until the short time they'd been into his life. Now he'd have a fantasy to jack off to tonight.

While they were walking, Stephanie turned down a corridor in a very sparsely-trafficked part of the mall. A few yards down this corridor, she stopped. She turned to Emily and said, "Take off the panties."

Emily was really into the wickedness of what they were doing, now, and never even hesitated. She pulled down the cotton thong, then stepped out of it, picked it up and handed it to Stephanie. Steph held it to her nose and quickly took a sniff before stuffing it in her purse. "Horny little schoolgirl, aren't we?"

Em nodded. "Yes, Mistress."

"Come on, I need to use the restroom."

The girls went to the restroom in this part of the mall. Once again, it was a part of the mall which housed office-type things that weren't usually open on weekends, so the restrooms in this area were usually pretty quiet.

Once inside, Stephanie said, "On your knees."

Emily didn't hesitate.

Steph stepped up to her cousin, lifted her skirt, pulled aside the crotch of her panties and ordered, "Eat me, slut."

Eagerly, Emily leaned forward and placed her lips against Stephanie's soaking pussy. Steph moaned once Em's tongue started working and she grabbed Emily's head and held it in place. It didn't take long before both girls were moaning in the center of the floor in the public restroom.

After a glorious mind-bending orgasm, Steph opened her eyes and saw two other girls standing just inside the door, watching. Apparently they liked what they saw, because one of them was rubbing hard at her pussy through her jeans and the other had reached up under her top and was squeezing her breasts.

Stephanie looked down at her cousin and asked with her eyes, and was answered with a look of lust.

"Girls, would you like some of what my slave here has just given me?"

One of the girls, the one who'd been working on her breasts, chickened out and hurried past and locked herself in a stall. The other, the one who'd been rubbing her cunt, stepped up boldly and undid the fly on her jeans, then pushed her pantiless pussy onto Emily's waiting mouth.

Em gave this unknown girl the same fantastic eating-out she'd given her cousin. Soon, the stranger girl was writhing in ecstasy, her hips vibrated involuntarily, and she squirted out a load of girl-juice into Emily's frantically working mouth.

Shortly after the girl came from Em's attentions, a gasp came from the closed stall, and the girl who'd played with her tits earlier came, apparently from her own hand.

Once everybody was through with whatever business they'd come in for, thank yous were extended, no names were asked for, and the two pairs of young women went their separate ways.

Well, after that, Stephanie and Em decided it was time to head back home. On the way out to the car, they ran into Stephanie's cousin, Trevor, her dad's brother's son. He was Emily's age, and attended the college about forty five minutes out of town. He still lived at home.

After some small talk, Stephanie invited him to come over, and to bring his mom and dad. She mentioned that Emily's family was there, and they were all just having kind of a family get-together. She silently hoped she could get her sexy cousin's cock where her dad's and uncle's had been.

The girls got back home, and while Emily drove, Stephanie slid her panties off then handed them to Em. Emily did the same thing Steph had done when she'd removed her panties. She held them to her nose and smelled the musky pussy odor of her cousin. Steph lounged back in the car seat, spread her legs as wide as the car would let her, and felt the air blow through her pubic hair. After a short while of that, she reached her hand down and started to work her pussy.

Steph was on the verge of orgasm when they pulled into the driveway. Reluctantly, she dragged her hand away from her damp, throbbing cunt, and pulled her skirt hem back down toward her knees.

On the way into the house, Stephanie noticed the piece of shit that Reggie's friend Perry called a car. Suddenly, she was furious. She had intended to continue the play they'd all begun that morning. Now, everything was going to be all fucked up. She generally thought Perry was something of a goon. He was always a little too syrupy toward her mom and her, a little too fakey. She definitely never desired to include him in this family sub-play.

While she tried to come up with sufficient tortures for her brother, she and Em went into the house.

Inside, Dad and Uncle Eddie were both asleep, still naked, the TV turned to a game of some sort, Steph didn't bother to look. Both of them looked so sweet, quietly snoring there, their cocks now limp as they got. Stephanie found it amazing that those little pudgy things swelled out to such beautiful proportions when aroused.

Mom and Aunt Pat were nowhere to be found.

Steph started upstairs to drop off her purse, and halfway up, she heard the shower running in the bathroom. She motioned to Emily to follow her, then started the rest of the way up.

In the bathroom, the girls found where their mothers were. Through the shower doors, they could make out the forms of their moms doing much the same thing the girls had done earlier. The sisters were apparently enjoying their incestual freedom.

The only reaction Stephanie felt was love and lust at the flame that had come to life in her mom. She'd never seen her mother act this way, but she liked it. Hoping not to disturb the women, Steph said, "We're home, Mom."

A moment later, a panting voice came from inside the shower. "Welcome... back... ohh, yes, right there, Patty... Hope you... had fun..."

Stephanie smiled brightly at her mom's obvious pleasure, and ducked out of the bathroom to leave her mom and aunt to their fun.

On the way to her room, Steph heard sounds from Reggie's room. Sex sounds. She and Emily peeked around the doorway into Reggie's room, and were shocked to find Reggie laying naked on his bed and his best friend, Perry, stretched out over him. The boys were in a noisy sixty-nine, both of them eagerly working on the other's cock.

The girls both leaned against the doorway to watch for a few minutes. Emily lifted her skirt and brazenly rubbed her pussy at the sight of her cousin's bisexual encounter. Reg looked over and saw the girls both standing and watching, and it just made him suck harder on his buddy's hard dick. He reached up and started to play with Perry's balls and asshole, eliciting a moan of pleasure from his friend.

"Having fun, boys?" Stephanie finally said.

Perry's face turned, terrified, toward the voice, expecting to get his ass kicked, but when he saw Emily there rubbing her cunt, he relaxed.

Steph laughed a little at Perry's discomfort. "Don't be scared. I won't tell anybody. I think it's great. Keep sucking. My brother deserves it.

"Or..." she started as a thought occurred, "Dad and Uncle Eddie are downstairs sleeping. Their cocks are both soft and waiting to be sucked. Why don't you go down and surprise them?"

The boys looked at one another, then smiled. Perry got off the bed, followed by Reg, and they started out the door.

Steph stopped her brother and waved his friend along when he hesitated.

"What is this? Who invited him?"

Reggie sort of whined, "Well, I was starting to feel kind of left out. Dad and Uncle Eddie were having so much fun together, and they kind of ignored me. Mom and Aunt Pat were the same way. All *they* want right now is pussy. Perry and me have been doing this off and on for a couple years now. I thought maybe I wouldn't feel quite so outnumbered this way. Perry's got a great cock."

Stephanie agreed, grudgingly. "Okay. You told him what's been happening?"

Reg got pretty embarrassed. "Uh, yeah. He won't say anything, though. Him and his dad have been sucking each other off for a while. They'd be in the same boat as us if anybody found out. Can he stay?"

Steph thought for a while. It was dangerous, more so than what they'd been doing... An outside person. A witness to their incest. But, he was here, and reportedly doing pretty much the same thing at home.

"Okay. As long as you vouch for him. This is just getting surreal. We're turning into some kind of incest D/s swing club. Go on, join him downstairs. Suck Dad's cock. Suck Uncle Eddie's cock. If Uncle Scott, Trevor and Aunt Mary show up, suck them, too."

As Reggie went downstairs, Emily came up to Steph and hugged her. "Getting to be a bit much?"

Steph shook her head. "I never knew. Suddenly I'm responsible for my whole fucking family! They all want to fuck each other and I'm the one who feels guilty! Fuck! Just what I need, a crisis of conscience."

Em asked, "But you're enjoying all this?"

"That's the problem. I'm having a fantastic time! The past day and a half have been fabulous! I don't want it to end, but I've invited more relatives to come over and hopfully join in this... it's like some sick porno story. Real people don't do this... do they?"

"Look in the shower. Look under my skirt. Look in the living room. Look under my skirt." Emily grabbed Stephanie's hand and pressed it against her soft, juicy pussy folds. "'An ye harm none'..."

Steph's face twisted in confusion. "Huh?"

Emily explained, "It's some ancient saying. It basically condones almost any act, as long as no one involved, directly or indirectly, is hurt. I think if you ask anybody here, they would agree that they haven't been harmed in any way. Shit, look at my dad! If you'd told him when he got up this morning that he'd be sucking another man's cock before noon, he'd have called you a fucking liar and laid you out cold.

"Are you *truly* enjoying this?"

An evil little smile quirked the corner of Stephanie's lip. "On your knees, slave."

Emily smiled and knelt before her cousin, lover and Mistress.

At this point, Mom and Aunt Pat came out of the shower. Apparently they'd managed to share the hot water, because neither of them looked like they were freezing. They saw Steph in the hallway with Emily on her knees before her, and they sank to the floor as well.

Realizing she would undoubtedly have more guilty episodes, but determined she would get through them somehow, Steph ordered her mom and aunt downstairs. Em stayed where she was, since Steph hadn't specifically told her to move. Stephanie started downstairs herself, leaving Emily there.

Just before she shut off the upstairs light, Steph had a thought, came back up, ducked into her room, then came back out. She stripped Emily naked, then tied her hands behind her back. Before she headed back downstairs, she explained, "Now, this is no punishment. I just want to do this. You get to stay here, while I make all the guys fuck me. I've had two cocks now, and I want more. But this time, I'm getting them all at once. You just stay here and listen." She bent down and kissed Emily's hair. "I love you. Be back later." Then down the stairs she went, and the upstairs light went off, leaving a bound, kneeling Emily in the dark alone.

Downstairs, Reggie and Perry were busy working on the cocks of the two men. Uncle Eddie had Perry's mouth working furiously on his big cockhead, while Reggie was merrily servicing his dad. Both men had cum at least twice already today, so Steph was pretty sure it would take a while for them to shoot again.

Mom and Aunt Pat were sitting and watching the show, absently fondling their pussies. The guys were all in their own worlds. It was turning into a cocksucking orgy. The boys licked up and down the men's hard pricks, fondled and licked their balls, and Perry even managed to get Uncle Eddie's legs in the air far enough to stick his tongue in Eddie's hot, hairy asshole. 



Well, for someone who had never dreamed of male-male sex before, Uncle Eddie certainly liked the feeling he was getting from having this teenaged boy lick his asshole. Who the fuck gave a damn what the guys at the gym would think? Who the fuck gave a fuck about the guys at the gym anymore, anyway? Let 'em make their little jokes. Ed would just smile along and know a dirty, naughty little secret they'd never know, would never have the balls to find out: A guy sucking and fucking a guy was just as good as doing a woman, just different. Of course, showers at the gym would provide a little more to look at than he'd ever considered before...

Dad loved having his son suck his cock. Ever since last night, he'd been waiting for this. He loved Reggie so much, he was glad they could now share this, too. Reg seemed to really enjoy sucking and lapping at his dad's shaven ball sac. While one hand kept a fairly steady pace on Steve's dick, Reggie's mouth was working wonders on his nuts. A hand snaked under his ass, and Steve raised up a little to allow better access, then grunted at the finger that pressed into his little eager ass pucker. When that finger started to tap against his prostate, Dad started to moan louder, almost on the edge of cumming.

As usual though, Steph yelled, "Stop! No cumming! Any of you!" She turned to her mom and aunt. "That means you, too."

Reggie never stopped sucking his dad's balls when Stephanie shouted, but he did slow down the work he was doing inside his father's asshole. Perry, on the other hand, wasn't used to Stephanie's orders, and pulled his mouth off of Uncle Eddie's fat cockhead, which he had engulfed with his mouth and was working half the length of the shaft as deep as he could.

Since she had the definite attention of at least one of the three, Stephanie decided to give the boys all something else to enjoy.

"Okay you four. Reggie, knock it off and pay attention." Reg reluctantly raised his head from his dad's crotch and looked in his sister's direction. "Reggie, Perry, hands and knees."

Reg turned immediately, ducking his head to the floor and raising his ass as high as possible. Perry looked at Steph for a minute, making a decision, then finally turned and duplicated his best friend's posture.

"Slave-dad, slave-lollypop, meet slave-reg and slave-perry. Dad, since Reggie got to fuck you last night, I think it only fair you get to do the same to him. Perry, I hope you're ready for this. Uncle lollypop, you get to try and fuck that tight little asshole you see presented so prettily. Slave-mom, get the lubrication. I saw some in your toybox last night. It's in my room.

"And don't mind your niece in the hallway, she's there because I left her there. She isn't being punished, although I imagine it feels like it. It just suits me right now. I want everyone to be a little louder than usual tonight, because Emily's going to be our little aural voyeur. She can't touch herself, so she should be really randy when I finally let her go.

"One other thing. If you boys are really good tonight - and I'm including you, too, Perry - you all get to fuck me. I want to be gang-banged by you all this evening, and I want my beautiful cousin to hear it all.

"Okay, boys, now that my little horny slave mother has brought the lube, grab a rubber and get fucking!"

Dad and Uncle Eddie each prepared themselves and their respective assholes. Then, each of them leaned in a little and pressed the head of his cock against the puckered, resistant hole of each of the boys. Reggie was ready, and his dad's dick slid into his asshole with a minimum of fuss, but as everyone imagined, Perry wasn't ready for Uncle Eddie's huge cockhead.

The condom Uncle Eddie had put on hadn't been easy to get on, and once it was tight over his member, the head of his impressive manhood was compressed a little. However, it was still fucking enormous. Perry had taken cock in his ass a couple times before, both times when he and Reggie had played, but Reg wasn't anywhere close to the size of his uncle. Perry was psyching himself out of this, and his butt clenched down tight.

Stephanie had an idea, though. "Slave Pat, get down there and let your nephew's friend eat your pussy."

Aunt Pat looked quickly at Stephanie, then at Anne, who smiled back at her. She then rose, moved in front of Perry, and spread her legs to the teenager. When the boy started to eat her cunt, Pat grabbed the back of his head and forced his mouth where she wanted it to go.

"Easy, slave. We want the boy to relax, not feel like you're trying to smother him."

Pat released Perry's head and let him do whatever he felt like doing. He wasn't a very good pussy eater, but he wasn't bad for a guy who probably had never been this close to a wet cunt before. While he ate her, Aunt Pat soothingly said, "That's it. Concentrate on my pussy. You're not a bad pussy eater, for a kid. I could teach you so much about a woman's desires... Relax, Perry. Ohh, yeah. Right there... Relax, dear boy... Ohh... Ahhh... Let it slide in... Oops, don't stop, I know it's big... you should feel it in your pussy... Just eat my pussy... pretty pussy... Open up and let him in... Ohh yes... That's it... Let it fill you up... I love to feel that cock in whatever hole it wants to be in... Oooo, yeah... You're almost there... Oh, yes, my clit... suck it, suck it, suck it... Fuck him, Eddie. He wants to be fucked... Oh, fuck that little prick's tight asshole... He wants to be fucked, Ed... Let your balls slap against his... Oh, you little fucker! Suck my clit like it was my husband's cock! Yeah! Two fingers in my cunt! Fuck him, Ed! Fuck him! Fuck my husband's cock with your asshole, boy! Ohh! Yeah! Ohhhhhh!"

Aunt Pat came on Perry's face, his inexperienced tongue had done the trick, and her pussy had done its. Ed's cock lay buried to the root in the boy's grasping ass. Pat moved away from Perry's damp face just enough he couldn't reach her, then laid back. While she lay panting, resting, her husband started to pump in and out of the neighbor boy's tight asshole.

Perry felt like he was being fucked in the ass with a baseball bat with a basketball on the end. He was sure he wouldn't be able to crap comfortably for a week. But he didn't want it to stop, oh no. He had loved it when he and Reggie had tried their fumbling attempts at gay play, and he still felt he liked pussy more, but this was beyond his most hysterical imaginings. Perry now knew he was well and truly bi. He had wondered before, especially the handful of times when he and Reg had played, but now he was certain. And he refused to ever go back.

Uncle Eddie was astounding himself at every turn today. Getting sucked by his brother-in-law... *sucking* his brother-in-law... fucking his niece... being woken from a fairly sound sleep by a kid he knew mostly as his nephew's friend... that kid bending down and taking his flaccid cock in his mouth and sucking it like his wife usually did... and now this! Eddie was loving it!

Reggie and Dad were simply having a nice, slow assfuck. Dad knew that his daughter and mistress wanted to fuck, and he wanted to be sure that he had a load to give her. He couldn't pass up the opportunity to give his son a reciprocal fuck from last night, though. He only regretted Reg wouldn't get to feel the glorious sensation of a cock pulsing in orgasm inside him. Sometime...

All the ladies were rubbing their juicy cunts, and everybody was making plenty of noise.

Meanwhile...

Emily knelt in the dark. She was all hot and bothered from watching her cousin and his best friend sucking each other on the bed, from seeing her mom and her sister come out arm in arm - nude - from their shower, from their submission to Stephanie, from her own submission to Stephanie. Now, she heard her mom cum, yelling about her dad fucking Reggie's friend in the ass, she heard the guys grunt and yell, the women all screaming out, and through it all, she had to fill in the blanks herself. Her brain nearly exploded from the images that came to mind. At first she thought Steph was being cruel, not letting her take part in the party downstairs, but now she realized: she was taking part in the whole thing! She wanted in the worst way to rub her throbbing, aching clit, make herself cum like her mom had, like it sounded everybody was.

Then suddenly it all stopped. Em knelt, gasping for breath, almost fell over, and realized she'd cum without touching herself. It wasn't like her usual cums, it took her by surprise. She didn't think she was capable of such a thing. And yet, she had.

And there was still more to come!

The silence downstairs was because Stephanie, who had been fingering herself along with the fucking going on around her, had called a halt. She ordered the men out of the boys' asses, told all four of them to go and clean up and get back.

While Steve and Ed left to dispose of their rubbers, Perry and Reg (Perry walking very stiffly) went to the upstairs bathroom to wash themselves.

They both said "hi" to Emily as they passed, but didn't touch her (though they really wanted to) or say anything else. They knew what was next, and neither of them wanted to miss out.

When all the guys returned from cleaning up, Stephanie said, "Okay, slave-pat, I want you to sit on the stairs where you can see, and then describe to your hot little daughter what the guys' cocks are doing to me.

"Slave-mom, pleasure yourself as you like. You get no cock, though. I want to feel every one of these guys in as many holes as they can manage.

"Okay, boys... Let's go!" Stephanie sat back on the couch and spread her legs, revealing her dripping blonde pussy. Her hands grasped her tits and squeezed them hard, then she grabbed her nipples and pulled them as far as she could.

The first guy to attack was Reggie. He'd wanted his sister since junior high, ever since he'd started masturbating regularly. He started to notice how hot his sister looked as soon as he started to get hairs around his prick, and tried to catch glimpses of her in as little as possible as often as possible. Which led to last night. He'd hoped last night that he would finally get to fuck her, sister or not. He wasn't interested in any of the bimbos that all the guys in the locker room said were so easy. He didn't want that. None of the girls he usually went out with would go farther than maybe letting him touch their tits. He didn't have guts enough to ask for more. So he sat at home and fantasized about his sister. Other girls, too, but very often, his lovely blonde haired sis, Stephanie.

Reg buried his face in Steph's pussy, something he'd wanted to do for a long time. She squealed when he started to part the lips of her cunt and licked up and down, finally settling on her clit. While she writhed under her brother's attentions, her dad came up and stood on the sofa, placing his cock at sucking level. Eagerly, Stephanie opened her mouth and took her father's dick as deeply as she could down her throat.

While this was happening, Perry and Uncle Eddie approached and latched onto a nipple apiece. They sucked and nipped and bit and caressed and squeezed those luscious tits, not caring who they were attached to, just knowing they wanted to make her feel good.

Stephanie was becoming sex-crazy. Her earlier doubts were replaced by primal lust. She wanted cock, cock and more cock, and when that was over, she wanted the loads of jizz that sprayed from those cocks, wherever it landed... in her cunt, in her ass, in her mouth, on her face, tits, pussy... it didn't matter. She was abandoning all this control stuff for a while to enjoy her body and all it could experience.

Reggie grabbed Stephanie's hips and pulled her cunt closer to the edge of the couch. He lined up his cock and plunged it into Steph's waiting pussy. Finally, he was fucking his sister. All these years, he had figured it would just be a really, really, really naughty fantasy. One that the majority of people would call him a pervert for, and worse. But now, he was inside her. The realization of his fantasy, unfortunately, was too much. Before he'd stroked in and out a dozen times, he yelled and started to pump his condom full of jizz.

Bummed that he'd cum so soon, Reg pulled out of his sister and took the rubber off. When he started slumping to the wastebasket, he heard Steph gasp, "On me... On me... I want it on me... Don't waste it."

At the sound of that, Reggie's cock twitched, getting ready for another go. But not right away. He went to his sister's side and asked, "Where do you want it?"

"Somebody get into my pussy! On me... on me... anywhere... I don't care..."

Next up for her pussy was Perry. He, like Reg, had fantasized about this fabulous woman for years, had figured she'd always be just a fantasy, but now... He slid his cock into her slippery hole and fucked in and out for only a few strokes longer than Reggie before he, too started to squirt his rubber full.

Reg hadn't emptied his condom yet, he was still trying to decide where he wanted to see his jizz on his sister. Perry had no such problem. He pulled off his rubber and dumped its contents on Steph's face. Reg, seeing this, decided he liked the look of his sister with cum all over her face and added his cum to Perry's. Perry then leaned in to Stephanie and kissed her cum-covered lips, tasting both his and his best friend's semen flavor mixed together.

Steve wanted Steph's pussy next, but instead of fucking her on the couch, he pulled her up and then he laid on the floor and sat his daughter on his throbbing pole. He sank to the hilt in one smooth motion, she was so wet. Steph started to rock back and forth on her father's cock, hoping he'd last a little longer than the boys had.

Since he'd already cum twice today, Steve was taking a while to build up to a cum. Even though he was relatively close when Reggie was sucking him, it still would have taken a good while to actually kick himself over the edge. But, with the blowjob his son had given him, the assfuck he had given him, and the fuck he was now getting from his daughter, he was building pretty high pretty fast. After about five minutes of fucking, he was nearly ready to cum.

Cum-faced Stephanie, though, had another thought. "Daddy, slow down. Please." It was maybe the hardest thing he'd ever done, but Steve managed to hold back his orgasm, and waited to hear what his clever little Slut-Mistress-Daughter had to say. Her ideas had been crackerjack ones, so far.

"Uncle Eddie, come here." Ed came up to Steph's face. "No, not here. Around back." Steph's masturbating mom gave a gasp of surprise and arousal at the implication.

Uncle Eddie squeezed his hard-on into another rubber, lubed himself and his niece, and lined himself up.

"Slow, Uncle Eddie. Slow."

Ed pressed his cockhead against Stephanie's tight little anus, and kept up a constant, persistent pressure. He didn't force, he just maintained. Steph felt like she was literally being ripped open. She'd never really had anything at all in her butt. She tried a finger every once in a while, but that was it. She tried to relax as much as she could, but it was difficult.

Perry got the hint from earlier and motioned to Reggie. The boys both got in front of Stephanie and offered their cocks to her. She smiled and started to lick and suck the young cocks eagerly. The distraction was what she needed. While she was licking Perry's hanging balls, she grunted as the enormous head of Uncle Eddie's prick popped past her resisting sphincter. Once that was inside, Ed eased the rest of his shaft into his niece's glorious ass.

Steve could feel the head of his brother-in-law's fantastic dick rubbing back and forth against his own through the thin wall of flesh between his daughter's pussy and ass. The sensation was exquisite. He pumped as well as he could, being limited in his movements by the two bodies, so mostly he just savored.

Uncle Eddie loved fucking ass. He'd done his wife's several times in the past, had even gotten to do his daughter's once while playing when she was feeling particularly adventurous. His first taste of male ass was something he was definitely going to do more of... And now, here he was in his unbelievable niece. This whole day was unlike anything he'd ever imagined. Many of the walls he'd thought were inviolable were now shattered, and he was a much different person than when he woke up.

After several minutes of pumping in and out of Stephanie's tight little butthole, Uncle Eddie started to make noises like he was going to cum.

Steph started a little chant, "On me, on me, on me..." So, Ed pulled himself out of Steph's ass (which refused to close back up fully), pulled off his condom and started to stroke himself. Dad gently lifted Steph off his cock, laid her on the floor where he had been and started stroking himself as well. The boys had been worked on so well by Stephanie's mouth that they were more than willing to try to cum again.

While the men all rubbed their dicks, Stephanie never let up her mantra. "On me, on me, on me..." she continued as the guys all built to their climaxes.

Dad came first. He grunted and sprayed his jizz all over Steph's blonde pubic bush. Uncle Eddie added to the mess on her face, and the boys each drenched a breast. Mom came with a scream. Seeing her little girl and mistress act like such a slut was a phenomenal turn on for her. Aunt Pat - who had been describing the events in the living room for her daughter as best she could while rubbing her own burning cunt - came shortly after, moaning her orgasm up the stairs for Emily to hear.

Stephanie lay on the floor a while more, relishing the warm silky feel of cum straight from the source. Part of her wanted to rub all this man-juice into her skin, but she had one more idea for tonight.

"Aunt Pat, go untie Emily and bring her here. Quickly."

When Emily came downstairs, she looked like a wild woman. Her eyes were dilated, her body was vibrating with arousal, and she was soaked with sweat. She looked around the room, not really seeing anybody. From the floor in front of her, she heard, "Slave-em, come clean your mistress."

Like a starving lion on a steak, Em pounced on Stephanie, lapping at her cunt, licking up cum, rubbing herself in the slickness, devouring Steph's tits. Eventually, Emily lay on top of her cousin, squirming around in the slimy jizz, her head buried in Stephanie's pussy. Steph was returning the favor with as much enthusiasm as Em was showing. Soon, both cum-covered girls were screaming into each other's quivering cunt, giving each other the biggest orgasm yet.




Stephanie Tops Her Family Ch. 3
bysusurrus©

Stephanie was awakened by a scream. She sat upright in bed, heart pounding and breathing hard. For a moment she couldn't remember how she'd gotten in bed. The last thing she remembered for sure was she and her cousin Emily's enormous simultaneous orgasms while they both lay on the living room floor, covered in cum. Then, bits and pieces of the previous evening began filtering back into her consciousness.

She slowly recalled having a cum-covered Emily pulled gently off of her, and the both of them being cleaned by everybody in the room, the jizz getting licked from their slimy, satiated bodies. Em was then lifted from the floor by her dad and carried home to get bathed and put to bed. Stephanie remembered being picked up and carried upstairs, put into the shower and lovingly washed by her mother, while her dad and brother stood outside and helped as best they could. Her family all took turns drying their mistress and then her dad scooped her up, carried her into her room and tucked her into bed.

Now, though, she wondered what all the yelling was about. She heard sex sounds coming from down the hall, so it didn't take much thinking to figure out what was happening.

Stephanie almost collapsed when her feet hit the floor and she tried to stand. Her legs were still shaky from the night before. She recovered after a little bit and continued to her parents' room.

As she figured, there they all were: Mom, Dad, and her brother, Reggie, all in her parents' room, all fucking. Dad was on his back, and Mom was writhing back and forth on his stiff cock. Reg was behind Mom, pumping his hard dick in and out of his mother's tight ass.

Stephanie stood and watched for a while, unsure whether she really wanted any fucking this early in the morning, especially after the blowout last night. Eventually the sight and thought of her family doing this together got to her, and instead of putting her hand in her pussy and working on her clit, she decided to get involved in the action.

Everybody smiled when Steph walked up to the bed and reached out to caress her mother's breasts while Mom squirmed in her ecstatic DP. After tugging on Mom's nipples for a while, Steph climbed up on the bed and straddled Dad's upturned face.

Dad happily stuck out his tongue and craned his neck to eat out his daughter and mistress. Mom leaned in and sucked one of Steph's nipples into her mouth and began to work the firm little nub.

Stephanie reveled in the naughty ecstasy of being eaten by her dad and sucked by her mom. Every member of her family seemed to love sex with every other member, men and women alike. So far, everyone had proven to be bisexual, which opened a whole lot more opportunities for sexy play. Steph had dominated her brother, dad, mom, one aunt, one uncle, and her sexy cousin so far this weekend, and had invited Dad's brother and his family over, to hopefully add them to the fun.

And then there was the mysterious Uncle Len... Steph hoped she'd get to find out what the story was behind him soon. She'd only seen Uncle Len a couple of times in her life. Mom and Dad had gone out to visit him before, but they'd left Steph and her brother with Aunt Pat and Uncle Eddie while they were gone. In fact, all the adults in her immediate family - even Dad's brother, Uncle Scott and Aunt Mary - had gone to visit Mom's brother, Leonard Austin. Somehow, this one man had something to do with how easily everyone in her family had given up sexual control to Stephanie. She was dying to find out what the full story was.

But right now, Steph was concentrating on what was actually happening at home. Dad *really* knew how to eat pussy. Mom must have been a happy girl the past twenty years. And Mom was working wonders on Stephanie's tits. Stephanie felt herself working swiftly toward a big orgasm, and hoped it would come soon, because she realized she *really* had to pee. She hoped when she *did* cum, that she wouldn't lose control of her bladder at the same time and pee all over her dad.

Moments after this thought popped into Stephanie's mind, her orgasm started to build to undeniable proportions. She started to shake and squirm her pussy all over Dad's face, then moaned out her cum for the whole house to hear.

Once the orgasmic vibrations let up, Steph hopped off the bed and started toward the door. Before she got into the hallway, though, Mom asked, "Where are you going, Mistress?"

Steph shot back, "I have to pee really bad. I don't want to piss all over any of you."

Mom looked at Dad and then back at Steph. "Mistress, your father has been curious about me peeing on him for the past two days, now. I told him I didn't think I could. Could you satisfy his curiosity for me?"

Stephanie thought a moment. She really wasn't into pee. The thing with her dad the previous morning was interesting, but she wasn't sure she wanted to take it any further. She never would have thought of her dad as a pee lover, but then again, she'd never thought of her family as her sex slaves before, either.

An edge came to Steph's voice when she said, "I suppose. Get your ass in the bathtub."

Reggie whined when he had to pull out of Mom's butt. Stephanie realized she'd been treating him worse than anybody else with this Domme thing. She thought maybe she'd have to give him a little something special later on to make up for it...

Mom climbed off Dad's hard-on and followed when he got up and started to the bathroom. Reggie came with them all, to see Steph pee on their father.

Dad hopped into the bathtub happily. Apparently he'd been waiting for something like this for a little while. At least since he'd submitted to his daughter, according to Mom. Before she tried anything, Stephanie asked, "Now, you're *sure* you want to do this, Dad? I'm not sure I want to do it to you, but I'll try it if you really want me to."

Dad begged, "Please, Mistress. I don't know if I'm going to like this, either, but I *really* want to try it. If you'd wanted to pee on me from the start, you could have. You're my mistress, and if you want to pee on me, then I have to let you. Please, dear Daughter-Mistress, pee on your slave-dad."

Steph shook her head, then climbed onto the edge of the bathtub, straddling her father below. It was a little hard to relax while she held herself up in such a precarious position, but eventually, she managed to let go.

Yellow daughter-pee arced out of Stephanie's pussy and onto her waiting father. It splashed under his chin and down his chest. Dad moved his face down so that some of his Mistress's warm offering spattered over his cheeks and nose.

Eventually, Steph ran out of pee, but the offering was taken up by Reggie, who had realized once he got into the bathroom that he needed to piss, too. While Stephanie climbed off the bathtub edge, Reg took up a place beside it and let fly. He covered his dad head to toe, pointing first at Dad's face, then aiming all up and down his body, taking plenty of time to piss on his dad's stiff cock.

When Reggie's stream tapered off, Mom decided to give her husband what he'd been asking for the past two days. She got onto the tub like Steph had and started to cover her husband in her warm golden liquid.

When Mom was done peeing on her husband, she got down from the tub and asked, "Well, Hon, how was it?"

Dad slowly opened his eyes, smiled and said, "It was fun. Nice and warm. I don't know if I want to do this all the time, but I could stand it now and then. I like it. Thank you. I probably need a shower now, though."

Mom laughed, "Well, you've already had a *shower*..."

Stephanie replied, "Do whatever you have to do."

Reggie then asked, "Can I shower with him, Mistress? I need one, too, and we might as well share water."

Steph nodded, thinking she knew what he was after.

Steph then left the bathroom, so Reggie could suck off their piss-covered father, or whatever it was he was wanting to do. Mom followed her to her room, where they sat on Steph's bed and talked.

"Something wrong, Mistress?"

Stephanie shrugged. "I guess I'm just bugged about the golden shower thing. I don't really see much in peeing on somebody else, but if Dad wants me to do it to him occasionally, as a Mistress/slave thing, then I guess I can accommodate him."

Mom nodded. "Yeah, I know what you mean. It was kind of fun being the one doing the dominating for once, but I hope he doesn't want to be peed on very often, myself."

"Mom?"

"Yes, Mistress?"

"Can you just leave the 'Mistress' thing for a minute? I want you to answer a question for me as my mom."

Mom shook her head. "I don't think I can. I've wanted something like this for so long, I don't know if I can let it go."

"Okay. Answer me honestly, then. Are you truly okay with all of this? I'm really enjoying myself and it's getting a little overwhelming. I invited Uncle Scott and his family over here yesterday. I was hoping they'd all fall under my little 'spell'. I've been in love with Trevor for years now, and have hated that he was my cousin."

Mom took Stephanie in her arms. "I am *loving* all this. I don't think this family has ever been so close before. I love my family. *All* my family. I would love for your Uncle Scott, Aunt Mary and Trevor to come over and share in what we've discovered these past few days. I'm sure Trevor wouldn't mind slipping into that hot little pussy of yours, either."

Steph smiled. She suddenly felt closer to her mom than she could ever remember. She leaned in and kissed her mother tenderly on the lips, and Mom immediately responded. Anne's tongue slid up and around and over her daughter's, and while she did this, Stephanie was doing the same. Steph enjoyed kissing. Whether it was her handful of boyfriends over the years, or lately with her relatives, the intimacy of that simple act was arousing beyond belief.

The two women's soft breasts pressed together, and Stephanie reveled in the sensuous feel of another woman's body held close to her own. Holding her cousin Emily close was wonderful, but feeling her own mother's skin bare against hers... wow!

Mom eventually pulled back a little and cupped Stephanie's breasts in her hands. Steph reached out and did the same. When Mom pinched her daughter's nipples between her thumb and fingers, Steph grabbed Mom's nips, too. Stephanie went one further, and did what she always liked to do to her own tits. Without warning, she clamped down hard on her mom's nipples, and Mom rewarded her with a gasp and a sigh. In reply, Mom's fingers squeezed firmly on her Mistress's sensitive nipples, and received a moan of pleasure back.

After several minutes of this nipple torture, Stephanie let go completely then enjoyed the startled gasp of pain while the blood rushed back into the little tips, turning them from white back to lovely pinkish brown. In response to this, Mom released Steph's nips the same way, receiving the same pained, ecstatic reaction.

Mauling her nipples always got Steph really hot. She pushed her mother back on the bed and plunged her face into Mom's pussy. Mom took her daughter's blond head and held it in place against her throbbing cunt. Mistress or no, Mom wanted to feel her little girl's face in her crotch.

While she ate her mother's cunt, Stephanie reached up and once more took a nipple in each hand. Mom thrashed on the bed, her daughter bringing her off so well, she never wanted it to stop.

Just before Anne came, though, Steph sat back. Mom grabbed at her to pull her back into place, but Stephanie had other plans. Steph turned around so that she could get eaten at the same time she ate. Once in place, Steph lowered her head again and started once more, moaning into her mom's pussy when she felt a tongue flick over her clit.

From the doorway came Dad's voice. "Is this a private party, or is anybody invited?" Without looking up, both ladies waved him away in response.

After the sound of footsteps retreated down the hall, Stephanie and her mother licked each other with wild abandon. Before long, both of them were jerking and squirming over each other's face, smearing girl-cum all over lips, cheeks and chins.

When both women had come down from their orgasms, they rolled apart, Stephanie turned around and mother and daughter cuddled together in post-orgasmic bliss. For several minutes, Steph rested her head against her mom's shoulder, one hand gently cupping a soft breast. Eventually, Mom asked, "So, should we see what the boys are up to?"

A knowing smile stretched Steph's cum-shiny lips. "Sure."

Stephanie and her mother tiptoed down the hall to Mom and Dad's room, where sounds of sex were emanating. As suspected, father and son were doing exactly what mother and daughter had been doing.

Reggie was stretched out on top of his dad, and Steve eagerly plunged his son's hard cock in and out of his mouth. Reg slid a finger in and out of his dad's asshole while he worked the stiff length of his father's dick.

Both men were so engrossed in what they were doing with each other, they didn't even notice the ladies come in. Stephanie and Anne sat down next to the bed and just watched the men of the family suck cock.

Both Conroy men were still plenty aroused from fucking their wife and mother, so they were ready to cum even before their frantic sixty-nine started. Reggie started to moan and grunt around his father's dick, and Dad seemed to be having a tough time containing all of his son's cum-load. Steve came shortly after his son shot into his mouth, and Reggie took it all.

Once Dad was through cumming, Reggie got off him and turned around, holding his face above his Dad's. Stephanie was wondering what they were doing, when the white, slimy load Reg had in his mouth started to slither out into his father's open mouth. Anne moaned when she saw her husband take his cum from his son's mouth into his own. She expected Steve to swallow the boys' ball-juice, but her husband got up off the bed and came toward her.

Knowing what he wanted to do, Anne tilted her head back and waited for both her men's cum to drip out into her mouth. Anne had heard of "snowballing", but thought it was a nasty, yucky idea, and had never considered doing it before. Now, however, it was right in front of her, drooling into her mouth. She rather liked it. The taste of cum without all the work. Of course, she enjoyed the slurping and moaning and yelling and everything else that usually came with it, but this wasn't half bad.

Once Mom's mouth was full of Reg and Dad's cum, she held it in her mouth and looked across the bed to Stephanie. Steph looked sex-dazed. Anne quickly came over to her mistress/daughter and held her mouth over Steph's. Stephanie quickly opened her mouth like a hungry baby chick waiting for her mother to feed her.

A white stream poured from Anne's mouth into her daughter's. Stephanie took everything Mom offered. When Mom was through, she leaned in and kissed her Mistress, and the two of them played back and forth with the jizz that had passed from every mouth in the room, before splitting it between them and swallowing with an obvious gulp.

While watching the ladies play with their loads, Dad and Reggie sat back on the bed, their cocks limp. Licking her lips, Mom retired to the bed and lay back across her son's and husband's legs. From her position, Mom said to the ceiling:

"What now, Mistress?"

Stephanie thought for a moment. This was what she hated most about being Domme. The expectation. With relinquishment of power also came a certain relinquishment of initiative. Unless she told them specifically otherwise. And Steph had told them the first night that they were free to do whatever they wanted when she wasn't around to tell them what to do.

But here she was. So they expected her to give them orders. Of course, she could just tell them to act like a normal family and go watch TV or something, but they were no longer a normal family.

"Dad," Steph decided. "Yesterday, I ran into Trevor. I invited him and Uncle Scott and Aunt Mary over. They didn't make it, so you need to call and invite them over.

"Mom, go next door and get Emily. If Aunt Pat and Uncle Eddie want to come too, they're welcome.

"Reggie, you come with me."

While Dad went downstairs to call his brother and Mom went to see her sister, Stephanie left her parent's room and entered her brother's, followed closely by Reggie.

Steph sat on Reg's bed. Reggie thought he was going to get spanked or something, so he didn't come all the way into the room. His sister had been pretty hard on him the past couple of days, and he basically felt he was kind of being picked on. Or ignored, which right now felt like pretty close to the same thing.

"Reg, come here."

Slowly her brother slunk over beside his bed.

"I'm sorry it seemed like I was ignoring you yesterday. I wasn't really doing any such thing. This is tough. Everybody expects me to come up with new things for them to do. I'm trying. I hope I'm doing okay. What do you think?"

Reggie didn't speak for a moment. "Uh, well, I think you're doing okay, too. I'm sorry you're feeling sorta overwhelmed. I guess this is a pretty big thing we're doing, isn't it? I mean, nobody'd understand. I'm glad we're doing it, though. This is fun. We don't have to worry about covering up any more around the house, huh?

"I'm sorry I was such a crybaby yesterday. It just felt like I was being left out. If I didn't trust Perry, I wouldn't have asked him over.

"Is that why you brought me in here?"

Steph smiled. "Well, to apologize for how I made you feel yesterday, and also to do this..."

Stephanie leaned forward and took her brother's limp cock in her mouth. Reggie gasped at the feeling of his sister's mouth. Steph enjoyed feeling the soft little thing grow larger and stiffer as she sucked on it. Soon, it was hard and filled her mouth completely.

Smiling inside, Stephanie stroked back and forth on her brother's cock, tickling his balls with one hand while the other pumped in conjunction with her sucking mouth.

This was what Reggie had been hoping for since Friday night: a one-on-one session with his beautiful sister. He liked the submission thing, he couldn't think of anybody else he'd rather have boss him around sexually than Steph. He'd had a crush on his sister ever since she started developing breasts and he started shooting cum when he played with himself. He'd been placing himself in situations that would allow him to see his sister's body for years now, leading up to getting caught two days ago.

When Stephanie pulled her mouth off his cock, Reggie whimpered and tried to pull her back onto him. But, when Steph turned her back to him and bent over, showing her cute butt, asshole and damp pussy, he was disappointed no more.

Reggie reached into his nightstand drawer, pulled out a condom and put it on. He then stepped up to Stephanie and lined up his hardness to her soft, wet slit. Reg wanted to go slow to make this last, but his sister had other ideas. She plunged back onto her brother's stiff dick, shoving him into her hot cunt until she could feel his balls slap against her clit.

Reg got the idea. He took Stephanie's hips in his hands and pounded her for all he was worth. Her pussy clutched his cock so well, Reg felt like her cunt was made specifically for him. As he watched his dick sliding in and out of his sister's pussy, Reggie decided Steph's inviting rear needed some attention. He stuck a finger into his mouth, getting it good and wet, then pressed it against Stephanie's tight little assshole.

Steph purred her satisfaction at the feeling of her brother's finger penetrating her butt. She realized she was becoming a real anal lover. She knew that before this little session was over, she'd have to feel her brother's fat cock in her ass.

Steph's eyes were closed while Reg pounded her cunt, so she was a little surprised when she felt hands on her breasts. She assumed it was her parents pulling on her nipples, but when she opened her eyes, looked up and noticed her mom and dad going at it in front of her on Reg's bed, she looked down to find Emily and Uncle Eddie tugging and squeezing her tits.




Breathlessly, Stephanie asked, "Where's... Aunt... Pat?"

Emily smiled at her cousin. "She'll be here later. She had an errand to run this morning."

Steph nodded. She was now ready for her other hole. "Reg... My ass... Put it in... my ass."

Reggie almost came at those words. He wanted his sister's asshole squeezing his cock in the worst way. Eagerly, he pulled out of Steph's pussy and aimed himself at her little ass pucker. When Stephanie felt Reg press, she stopped him.

"Lube it up, brother. Slick up my ass and it'll be easier on both of us."

Someone had anticipated this, because without asking, Uncle Eddie offered a bottle of lubrication to his nephew, who took it gratefully and poured some onto his sister's butthole. Reg used his cock to smear the slippery stuff around Steph's ass, then once more lined himself up with the tight hole.

Stephanie took Reggie a lot easier than she had Uncle Eddie's big-headed prick the night before. Even so, she felt enormously filled up with her ass filled with cock. As wonderful as it felt when Reggie started to pump in and out of her asshole, Stephanie's pussy started to feel lonely. She knew she could get help, though.

"Somebody work on my cunt. My clit needs attention."

Because of how close she was to Reggie's bed, the only person small enough to fit between Steph and Reg's body and the bed was Emily. She scooted under her cousin, craned her neck and locked her mouth on Stephanie's swollen clit. Steph jumped when Em sucked her clit strongly into her mouth, nursing it like a baby on a nipple.

Reggie was swiftly working toward his second cum of the morning, and Stephanie's own cums had run together so much that she was in a constant state of orgasm. Emily's pussy drooled at getting to suck her cousin's tasty cunt, and Em was almost ready to cum, herself, because once she sat on the floor to eat Steph, Ed reached down and began to finger his daughter's horny little pussy. Mom and Dad were on Reg's bed in front of Steph, in a hot and heavy missionary fuck, and they both were on the verge of orgasm.

Reg came first, yelling out loud while his cock jerked inside Stephanie's hot butt. Emily, Mom and Dad came at just about the same time, all three of them moaning and grunting while their bodies writhed with sexual pleasure.

When the orgasms had all subsided, Emily crawled out from under her standing cousins, Mom and Dad uncoupled themselves, and reluctantly, Reggie pulled out of his sister's clenching ass. With her brother's cock no longer "holding her up", Stephanie came close to collapsing from almost constant orgasm. Uncle Eddie caught her, though, and picked her up and laid her on Reggie's bed next to her Dad.

Emily looked at her own dad's stiff cock, with its huge lollypop-like appearance, and said, "Oh, Daddy, you're the only one here who hasn't cum yet. Here, let me get that for you."

Emily knelt in front of her father, took his cock in one hand and cupped his balls in the other. With a loving look into her dad's face, Em plunged her mouth over his enormous dickhead. From where she lay on her brother's bed, Steph had a front-row seat for her cousin's daddy-suck.

Remembering her own difficulties last night, Steph marveled at how easily Emily took her dad's big-headed dick into her mouth and down her throat. Emily was a true wonder. The head of her father's cock was easily double the thickness of the shaft, therefore, Emily had dubbed him "lollypop". Emily, however, wasn't having any trouble accommodating her dad's member. She'd been practicing on it for a while now, and prided herself on being able to take that huge head down her throat.

Stephanie nearly came just watching when Emily's chin came into contact with her own father's balls. Uncle Eddie appeared to be having the time of his life, getting sucked off by his own little girl, while his wife's family looked on. After last night, though, Uncle Eddie was having a little trouble getting to the edge of orgasm. Ed hadn't ever cum so much before yesterday. While his daughter and first mistress sucked him expertly, he felt himself moving slowly to the point where he felt he might be able to cum. It was going to be a while.

Until...

Stephanie leaned in and started kissing her cousin's face. While Emily moved her head back and forth on his cock and fondled his balls, Steph licked and kissed all over Em's face, even leaning in and licking his shaft when Emily pulled back. Steph rubbed her pussy while she did this, and was followed by her mother, Anne. Then Steve and even Reggie started to stroke their renewed hard-ons while Emily sucked her daddy's cock, assisted by Stephanie.

Eddie didn't know what to watch: his daughter giving him a fabulous blowjob, or all the stroking and rubbing going on. He finally settled on switching his fascinated gaze back and forth, taking in as much of the self-pleasuring as he did the oral work he was getting.

Uncle Eddie finally lost it when somebody, either his daughter or his niece (he later found out it was his brother-in-law) reached over and pushed a finger up his ass. While the violating finger slid in and out of his butt, occasionally reaching in and bumping his prostate, he felt the jizz rise up and begin to boil over.

With a shout, Uncle Eddie started to cum, his cock to jerked and spurted out its milky load. When she felt the first orgasmic twitch in his member, Emily pulled her mouth off her dad's slick hard-on and pointed it at her pretty face. Eddie loved seeing his cum on women, especially the women of his family, and his cock sprayed out its offering, covering his daughter's lovely skin.

When the jizz stopped shooting from her dad's dick, Emily offered the head to Stephanie to clean off. Steph eagerly leaned in to suck the big dick-head into her mouth. She had a more difficult time of it than Em had, but she still managed to get it all in, then she tried to deep-throat it like Em had. Steph was a little disappointed that she wasn't able to get him all down her throat, but reasoned that Em had had more practice on it, so satisfied herself with what she *could* get.

After she finished playing with Uncle Eddie's cock, Steph let the head pop out of her mouth, then turned to the smiling, cummy face of her cousin. Emily looked so beautiful, so kinky, with her father's jizz covering her face, that Stephanie just knew she had to kiss her.

Stephanie reached out and cupped the back of Emily's head in her hand, then pulled her cousin in to her. When their lips met, both girls enjoyed the slippery feeling Ed's cum gave their intimacy. Steph stuck her tongue into Emily's mouth, an act which Em reciprocated. The two girls frenched each other for several minutes, then Steph pulled away and ran her cheeks over Em's, smearing cum all over both of their faces.

Stephanie was learning several things about herself lately: her dominant nature, her bisexuality, she enjoyed the taboo of incest, she was becoming an anal-lover, and she was becoming a cum-freak. While she was torn at times by the "evilness" of it all, the fact that she enjoyed it overrode almost any qualms she had about what she was doing.

Eventually, both girls had licked each other's faces clean, and when both were satisfied, Steph lay back on the bed and Emily sat back on the floor, blissed-out expressions on their faces.

When the girls were finished, Anne said, "So... Anybody for breakfast?" Everybody laughed.

In the kitchen - where no one spoke of it, but all remembered the previous morning - Anne and Steve made breakfast for everybody. While everyone was eating, the front doorbell rang.

Steve figured who it probably was and quickly slipped on some sweatpants he'd brought with him for just this purpose. He went to the door, and sure enough, it was his brother and family.

"How ya doin', big brother?"

"Good, Scott. Come on in."

Steve looked over his brother, Scott, and his wife and son.

Steve and Scott were noticably brothers, although Scott's job in construction kept him more active, and subsequently, more fit. Scott's wife, Mary, was a rather thick-set woman. Not necessarily fat, just well-padded. Her best attributes were her long, dark, curly hair, and a rack of tits that Steve was sure had to be more than DD cups. Trevor, at nineteen, was a sophomore in college, and had played football in high school, but after graduation had decided not to go out for the team so he could concentrate on his studies. Trev kept himself in good shape, though. Steve hadn't seen him naked since he was about eight, running around the swimming pool at their old house. He wondered what his nephew had lurking inside those black jeans...

"Where is everybody, Steve? Still in bed?"

Steve Conroy put an arm around his brother's shoulders. "They're all in the kitchen. Come on."

Scott stopped short when he saw that everybody in the kitchen was buck naked. A twinkle came to Mary's eyes at the sight, and Trevor practically drooled when he saw Stephanie and Emily's tits on open display.

"Uh... What's going on, bro?"

Steve replied, "Well, it's like this... Stephanie, could you explain to your Uncle Scott what we're doing here?"

Stephanie shot a quick look to Emily and her mom, then got up from the table and faced her Uncle and his family.

Steph looked at her dad and Reg, who both nodded slightly. Stephanie looked her cousin, her aunt, and her uncle in the eye, then her expression changed just the slightest bit, and she commanded, "On the floor, slaves!"

Uncle Scott looked like he'd just been hit in the head with a rock. Aunt Mary sank to her knees, and Trevor eventually followed suit. Stephanie saw them lower themselves and smiled inside. She looked Uncle Scott up and down, noticing the bulge in his jeans, and said, "Didn't you hear me, dickhead? Get down or I'll whip your ass so good, you won't be able to shit for two days!"

Stephanie noticed a shiver go through Uncle Scott when she mentioned getting his ass whipped, and filed the information away for later. Eventually, though, he joined his wife and son on the kitchen floor.

Once more, Stephanie wondered at the ease in which her whole family submitted to her. She wondered if she was an oddball, or maybe she just hadn't met a stronger will yet? She felt a trickle down her leg as her already-wet pussy squirted another shot of juice at the fact that she now had three *more* slaves to play with. And one of them happened to be a piece of forbidden fruit she'd lusted after for several years, now.

Steph stepped into her role as Mistress completely now and said, "These slaves have too many clothes on. Slave-dad, get your brother naked. Slave-mom, free Aunt Mary's tits. Slave-reg, strip our cousin."

Emily and Uncle Eddie sat and watched as Scott, Mary and Trevor Conroy were stripped naked by the members of Stephanie's family. Em and Ed weren't blood relatives to them, but Scott and family were close enough for this to be *really* naughty. Besides, Scott and Trevor sometimes came into the gym Eddie went to, so they'd have a common secret to keep.

Uncle Scott and Trevor were both stiff and dripping, Trevor's cock a magnificent length and pointing toward the ceiling, Uncle Scott's was a lot like his brother's, but with a little extra curve to it.

When everybody was nude, Stephanie again spoke. "Now, slaves. Welcome our guests."

Dad and Reggie bent down and took the hard-ons into their mouths while Mom took one of Aunt Mary's nipples into her mouth while her other hand squeezed the other fabulous breast.

Scott was at a loss for words. His brother was sucking his cock! And his nephew was giving his son a blowjob! His wife was being sucked on by his sister-in-law! This was fucking insane! And yet, Steve was a *really* good cocksucker...

Without warning, Scott blew his load into his big brother's mouth, who took everything he gave, then sat back and swallowed with a satisfied smile on his face. Trevor came shortly afterward, filling Reggie's mouth with so much that a little trickled down the corner of Reg's mouth when he sat back and swallowed. Aunt Mary was last. Mom had lowered the hand that had been on her breast to her dark-haired cunt and was rubbing hard. A splash hit the floor as Aunt Mary came, soaking Anne's hand and making a big puddle on the tile.

Stephanie then said, "Okay, time to reciprocate."

Steve, Anne and Reggie all knelt in front of the person they had just made cum, and waited. Trevor and Uncle Scott went right to work, Aunt Mary hesitated a little, but eventually ducked her head to take one of Mom's nipples in her mouth.

Steve and Reggie had already cum twice that morning, so they just let Scott and Trevor suck, even though it was going to take some time before they came again. Aunt Mary lay down on the kitchen floor and urged Anne to sit on her face, which she did happily.

When Mary's lips touched her pussy, Anne Conroy started going wild. Apparently she had eaten pussy before. It didn't take long for Mary to get her sister-in-law off. Reggie, the younger of the two men being sucked, managed to cum once more while watching his mother get eaten by his aunt. Steve, though, wasn't going to reach orgasm any time soon, even though what his brother was doing felt great.

While all this was going on, Stephanie was rubbing her pussy, to hell with control. Uncle Eddie and Emily were already taking matters into their own hands: Emily had sat on her dad's big-headed cock and was riding him while watching the action on the floor. Eddie knew he'd better hold off, though, since if he wanted to take part in whatever was next, he needed to save his jizz for just the right moment, and right now, his daughter's tight little cunt was getting him closer and closer...

Emily whined her protest when her dad grabbed her hips and stopped them moving. She knew why he'd done it, though, and stood up, then turned and licked her pussy juice off his fantastic "lollypop".

All Stephanie's new slaves knelt, wondering what was next. They'd all submitted to Stephanie, they'd all let themselves be pleasured to orgasm by members of their own family. They'd just pleasured members of their own family to orgasm. There was no use in trying to pretend they didn't enjoy it.

Now, everybody was more or less satisfied for the moment. They all turned to Stephanie to find out what was next. She looked around the room, eight pairs of eyes looked to her for guidance. Soon there would be nine, when Aunt Pat showed up. Deciding to find out if her suspicion about Uncle Scott was right, she said, "Into the living room, move the furniture, and everybody on hands and knees, side by side."

Everybody got up off the floor. Once again, having everybody crawl seemed a bit much, with this many involved. Steph stayed in the kitchen and waited for the shuffling in the living room to stop. She looked down at the puddle of girl-cum Aunt Mary had left on the floor and wondered if this was a common occurrence with her. She then decided it might be better to clean it up before somebody managed to slip and hurt themselves.

After grabbing a paper towel and mopping up the floor, Steph went into the living room to a cunt-throbbing sight.

Eight asses waved in the air. Steph didn't know which sight she liked better, the asshole and pussy show of the women, or seeing the men's assholes exposed with their balls hanging just below.

Stephanie wished for a camera, to record this fantastically arousing sight forever. Of course, she could order them to do this at almost any time, so maybe she *didn't* need a picture...

Steph came up to each ass in the line-up and reached out and fondled balls and pussies. Moans went around the room as Stephanie caressed soft flesh, pushing one and two fingers into wet cunts, and gently stroking the back of the men's ball-sacs, reaching around to stroke the stiff members they were attached to.

When Stephanie was temporarily through teasing balls and pussies, she decided to try something else.

First in line was Emily. Stephanie pulled back her hand and - "SMACK" - brought it down onto her cousin's round bottom. Em squealed in surprise, but then moaned in pleasure. There was one.

Next was Dad. Steph already knew he liked being spanked, but raised up and laid one across his butt cheeks anyhow. He, as well, moaned in pleasure.

Mom was next in line. Like Dad, Steph knew her enjoyment of getting her ass whipped. "SMACK" ...and Mom moaned.

Aunt Mary came next. Her broad, well-rounded ass was hard to miss, but it still was very inviting. Steph reared back and slapped her luscious butt, at which Aunt Mary let out a grunt, but no real indication of pleasure. Hmmm. Maybe, maybe not...

Reggie's hairy butt stuck up next in line. Steph already knew he hated but loved a butt-whoopin' but gave him a swat anyway.

Trevor's butt had no hair on it. He was remarkably smooth for a guy. But Steph wasn't presently interested in that. "SMACK" Trev moaned and waved his ass in the air. Apparently even her cousin liked getting spanked.

Uncle Eddie knew what was coming, and tried to pull his butt down out of the way. Steph swatted him and received virtually no response at all. Well, there was possibly negative number two...

Last: Uncle Scott. Apparently his son inherited his lack of hair from his dad, which didn't make sense, because Steph's dad and brother both had lots of hair on their bodies. Heredity... go figure. Stephanie caressed Uncle Scott's ass, and wondered at its smoothness. Uncle Scott moaned already, knowing what was coming. He even seemed to try to stick his butt out even more. Steph waited, just caressing, running her fingers through his crack and over his puckered asshole, not giving Uncle Scott an indication when she was going to actually strike.

Finally, Steph quickly lifted her hand and "SMACK"ed it down on Uncle Scott's ass, harder than she had anybody else's. Uncle Scott moaned deeply, and once more tried to move his butt to get more of what he'd just received.

"Uncle Scott. Move out of line. Lay over the footstool."

Scott Conroy lifted himself up and did as his niece ordered, his ass sticking way up in the air.

To the room, Stephanie announced, "Uncle Scott here appears to enjoy getting his ass whipped. We are all going to oblige him. I'll call you up one by one to give him what he wants, and when you're done, you'll take your spot where you are again.

"Aunt Mary."

Mary Conroy straightened from her place on the floor and came to Stephanie's side.

Stephanie offered Uncle Scott's ass. "However you want to do it."

Aunt Mary's face got an evil smirk on it, went to where their clothes had been laid, and pulled the belt from her son's jeans. She doubled it up in her hand and gave it a smack into her other hand. She looked at Stephanie, who shrugged and motioned her toward the upturned butt.

The belt *swished* through the air before it landed with a nasty slap on Uncle Scott's ass. A red stripe appeared where the belt landed, and Aunt Mary caressed that stripe a little before landing the next. Again and again Mary Conroy whipped her husband's ass, and Scott jumped each time the belt hit, but a moan of ecstasy escaped his lips after each one.

"Uncle lollypop."

Aunt Mary returned to her place and raised her pussy again into the air, while Uncle Eddie got up and came over to Scott's reddened butt.

No props, no preliminaries. Ed Kendall raised his hand and brought it down on Scott's ass with tremendous force. A vocal groan accompanied this first strike, and the open sound continued throughout Ed's brutal assault.

"Emily."

Em got up while her dad was getting back into position, and saw the look of disappointment on her father's face. Emily was glad *she* was Domme at home, so she didn't have to worry about getting a butt-whipping like that.


Em's bare-handed swat landed with as much force as she could muster, but it wasn't anywhere near as hard as her father had just delivered. On Scott's already-raw skin, though, it hurt a-plenty.

"Dad."

Steve Conroy got up to deliver his turn in his brother's spanking. On the short way to the footstool, Emily passed her Uncle Steve and a shiver went through his body as Em reached out and ran her hand over his cock and balls.

Steve looked down at his brother's ass. It was red as hell, and in spots he could see the outline of Ed's fingers and the stripes left by the belt.

Well, not one to be outdone by his brother-in-law, Steve delivered an assault comparable to the one Uncle Eddie had just dished out.

"Reg."

Father and son exchanged a look that wondered, 'How much more can this guy stand?'

Reggie spanked his uncle with as much force as the other men, and Uncle Scott moaned loudly the whole time.

"Mom."

Anne Conroy decided to use the belt. She laid into Scott's bright red ass as if she had wanted to hit him for ages. Scott now moaned constantly, even when no one was touching him.

"Trev."

Trevor got up. He wasn't sure he *wanted* to hit his dad, but then again, everybody else had. And moreover, his father seemed to like it. Trev did him like the other men had, open handed. He brought his hand down again and again with all his strength, and he could feel the heat from his dad's skin before he even touched it.

"Stop."

Trevor took his place in the line once more, and Stephanie examined her uncle's upturned butt.

Running a hand gently over the smooth skin of Uncle Scott's ass, Steph said, "Wow. Your ass is about the color of Santa Claus's suit. It's really hot. You ready for the last one?"

Uncle Scott panted, "Yes, Mistress. Please, Mistress."

Steph responded, "Just wait here."

Stephanie left the room momentarily, then returned with the riding crop out of her parents' toy chest. "Are you *sure* you're ready?"

"Yes, Mistr..."

Uncle Scott's reply was cut short by the crop's strike on his abused ass. The short amount of time Steph had been away had allowed the hot numbness that had taken over his rear to begin subsiding. The crop on his mutilated flesh was almost beyond toleration. He screamed in pain as Stephanie brutally striped his already red ass with deeper, thinner stripes.

When Stephanie stopped whipping his ass, she bent down and placed a light kiss on each of his fiery hot cheeks, then let him roll away. When he fell to the floor, Steph discovered a big wet spot on the footstool. Apparently, Uncle Scott had cum somewhere amid his abuse. Stephanie smiled.

"Get back in line."

Stephanie sat for a while, working out what to do with all these inviting pussies and assholes. While she was deliberating, the front doorbell rang. A couple of heads shot up, afraid to be found like this by whoever was at the door.

Stephanie simply, calmly said, "Stay there," and without worry, strode to the front door, as naked as any of the rest of them.

Part of her said to check to see who was outside, but there was an arrogance building inside her, at least for the moment, that said, "Fuck 'em if they can't take it."

Stephanie opened the door, and was almost disappointed to find it was Aunt Pat. Pat looked Steph up and down, then peeked around the doorway and said, "Sorry I'm late. Miss much?"

Stephanie motioned Aunt Pat inside, then said, "I'm trying to figure out what to do with all these inviting pussies and asses. Any ideas?"

Aunt Pat's eyes narrowed. "I think I might. Got any dildos, vibrators... vegetables?"

Stephanie's eyes lit up. "I think so. How about you?"

"I *know* we do. I'll be back." Aunt Pat hurried out the back way while Stephanie gathered toys. A few minutes later, Aunt Pat returned and she and Steph dumped their findings on the couch.

There was a lot of fake cock there. Some of it battery-operated, much of it not. The cucumber and zucchini were definitely *not* battery-powered.

Steph looked at the pile and asked, "Any thoughts on how this should all be distributed?"

Aunt Pat smiled and started to lay toys behind the people she thought should get what. Next to Emily, she placed the two vegetables. Emily already had a double-headed dildo placed behind her, so Steph shot a questioning look at Aunt Pat. Aunt Pat smiled back as she started to remove her clothes, "Those are mine." When Aunt Pat was naked, she took up the spot next to her daughter.

Now Stephanie had *nine* assholes, *four* pussies and *five* cocks to play with! This was *way* beyond any sex dream she could have ever come up with!

'Well,' she thought, 'let's see what we can do about filling up these holes!'

Uncle Scott had a thin vibrator placed behind him. Stephanie put it in her mouth to lube it up, then turned it on. She pressed it against Uncle Scott's asshole and forced it gently in.

To the room, Steph announced, "Don't let these toys fall out. If you have to, reach around and push them back in. Just don't let them fall out and hit the floor, or you will clean them off with your mouths."

Uncle Eddie had a nice fat dildo behind him. Steph lubed it up with spit like she had the last one, then pushed it into her uncle's butt. Uncle Eddie grunted at the intrusion. He wasn't much into ass play, so it was hard for him to relax. Stephanie was persistent, though, so he eventually relaxed enough that the big dildo popped into his tight opening.

A vibrator a little larger than Uncle Scott's lay behind Trevor. Stephanie slipped this plastic phallus into her mouth to slick it up, pushed it into her cousin's butt, then caressed his hanging balls, receiving a moan of pleasure in response.

Reggie got a dildo even bigger than Uncle Eddie's had been. This one caused Steph to have to open wide to get it in her mouth to get it slippery enough. Reg was going to have a tough time taking this. That wasn't going to stop her though. A naughty thought came to mind, and Steph said out loud, "Aunt Pat, I don't think this will fit my brother's ass. Hell, I don't know if I could get it in my pussy!" Stephanie saw Reggie tense at the implication of how big his dildo actually was. It wasn't really as big as Steph made it sound, but she found she *did* enjoy teasing her brother, even if it occasionally terrified him.

When Stephanie ran a finger over her brother's asshole, she found it to be very tight. She was going to have a hard time even forcing a finger in that clenched little orifice. She laughed a little and said, "I was only kidding earlier, slave-bro. Though this *won't* exactly be easy..."

Steph then placed the head of the dildo against Reggie's resistant anus. Reg grunted when his sister pressed against his hole: the dildo was too big to fit with just spit for lubrication. Stephanie realized this and ran to get the bottle from her brother's room, then poured some lube on the fake cock and Reggie's ass.

The going was a little easier from there. Reggie still gasped when the head of the dildo popped past his sphincter, but once it was in, the rest of the shaft was relatively simple.

Aunt Mary had a medium-sized buttplug and a fat dildo behind her. Stephanie was a little disappointed when she took them both with ease.

Her mom had two long, thick, vibrating, cock-shaped dildos. Stephanie knew these would be no great problem for her slut-mom to take, so she spit on her mother's invitingly exposed holes, and plunged both dildos in as deep as possible at the same time.

Dad had a big buttplug standing behind him. This was going to be as much of a challenge for him as the dildo had been for Reggie. Steph drizzled some lube from the bottle, then watched, fascinated, at how wide her dad's asshole stretched to take the big, black plug.

Next in line for a dildo was her gorgeous cousin, Emily. And she had the double-headed thing Steph had noticed before. No lubrication was going to be needed for at least one head of the dildo: Emily's pussy was leaking like crazy. Stephanie picked up the dildo and plunged one end into her cousin's soaking cunt, then doubled the thing up and pressed the other head in right next to it. Emily gasped in surprise when the second head slid into her pussy next to the first. She moaned again in when Stephanie grabbed the tight loop the dildo made and gave it a quick twist, stretching Em's cunt from top-to-bottom to side-to-side.

Emily felt so filled up she could hardly breathe, and the sensation of the two heads turning in her pussy almost made her faint. So, she felt almost empty when Stephanie removed one head and shoved it into her little asshole.

Last in line was Aunt Pat. Stephanie looked at the two vegetables at her aunt's feet and said out loud, "Aunt Pat, I can't do this. I'll tear you in half." The cucumber was bigger around than Uncle Eddie's cockhead, and the zucchini was even bigger than that.

Aunt Pat was adamant. "Do it, Mistress. It *can* be done. I've done it many times. If anybody else wants to see, let them watch."

Uncertainty twisted Stephanie's face. Could her aunt *really* take such big things in her ass and pussy? It didn't seem possible, yet she was certain she was ready.

A big sigh escaped Steph's lips before she said, "Okay. If you're sure. Anybody else want to watch? Just don't let your toys fall out, remember."

Everybody got up off the floor and gathered around Stephanie and Aunt Pat. They all wanted to see Pat take the big veggies into her nether holes. It was kind of fun for Steph to see how much trouble some of them were having moving normally. Everybody but Aunt Mary and Steph's dad was reaching down to hold their respective toys in. Apparently Aunt Mary had some great muscle control, and Dad's plug was big enough, it wasn't going to fall out any time soon.

When everyone was satisfied with their positions for the upcoming proceedings, Stephanie asked, "Okay, Aunt Pat. Which one first?"

Aunt Pat replied, rather breathlessly, "The zucchini. In my pussy."

Stephanie picked up the big vegetable and examined it. She learned it had been cleaned already. Apparently Aunt Pat had had this planned. That, or she did this often, and always had her vegetables prepared for when she was in the mood. Steph never thought of her aunt as a vegetable fucker, but hey, she was learning all sorts of kinky things about her family and herself lately.

Steph poured lube on the zucchini, then rubbed it all over the green skin. She used the lube on her hands to slick up her aunt's already wet pussy. It certainly wasn't going to hurt to get her as slick as possible. Steph then asked for somebody to get a towel out of the kitchen for her to wipe her hands on. She stifled a giggle that came when her dad started toward the kitchen and saw that he was having a little trouble walking normally with his ass stuffed.

After wiping the excess lube from her hands, Steph took the slicked-up vegetable and placed it at Aunt Pat's pussy entrance. With a gentle push, Aunt Pat's cunt lips pressed inward and started to stretch to accommodate the huge diameter of the zucchini. Stephanie listened to her aunt's breathing for clues to how well she was taking things. She also asked periodically how it was going, since she didn't really want to hurt her aunt, at least not in a *bad* way.

Stephanie was concentrating on what she was doing so much, she couldn't see the looks of wonder, discomfort, arousal, envy, and pain on the faces of the onlookers. Emily, after having had both heads of the double-ended dildo inside her, wondered if her pussy could stretch as wide as her mother's was. Reggie just thought it looked like it hurt, Trevor wondered (rather oddly) if that was what his mother's pussy had looked like when he was coming out of it. Eddie wondered how often his wife did things like this, and was concerned about whether even his fat-headed cock was going to feel anything in her stretched-out pussy. Steve thought it was one of the strangest, most erotic sights he'd seen in a long time, and couldn't wait to see the cucumber do the same thing to her asshole. Scott and Mary wondered if they could handle something similar, and Anne ran upstairs to get the polaroid (that Steph knew nothing about), so her sister's arousing perversity could be recorded.

Stephanie kept gently pushing the slick vegetable into her aunt's widely stretched pussy, stopping only when Aunt Pat gasped, "Please stop, Mistress. No more."

A flash blinded everyone as Anne took a picture of her sister's grossly stretched cunt. Anne then laid the photo on the floor to develop in front of Pat, so she could see what her own pussy looked like with the big zucchini half sticking out.

Aunt Pat panted as she tried to get her body to assimilate the feeling of being stretched almost painfully wide. Eventually, she got used to the humongously filling sensation, and her breathing evened out. Still a little out of breath, Aunt Pat then said, "Now the ass. Just do it."

Steph lubed up the cucumber, and hoping like hell she didn't tear something, she started pressing it against the even tighter hole above the protruding zucchini.

Aunt Pat gasped, "No! Not so hard, Mistress! I don't know if I can do this one! I didn't know the zucchini was going to be so big!"

Stephanie stopped pressing so hard against Aunt Pat's asshole, and slowly, much more slowly than the zucchini had gone in, the cucumber started to disappear into Pat Kendall's body.

Pat was sweating and breathing hard, trying to take both these enormous things inside herself. She was beginning to wonder, 'What the hell was I thinking? I've never used anything this size before. Even when I have used vegetables while masturbating, they've *never* been *this* big! I must have been fucking insane! And even stretched out, they'll probably come out as hard as they went in!'

After what seemed a lifetime, Pat could take no more. "Mistress! Stop! Please!"

Stephanie almost jumped back when Aunt Pat shouted for her to stop. She wondered, 'How can she *do* that? It's fucking amazing! She'll probably never be the same again!'

All this while, Anne was taking pictures of her sister's self-induced ordeal, shooting pictures of the looks of concentration on Steph's and Pat's faces, the look of occasional pained surprise her sister had, and a lot of pictures of the penetration itself.

Reggie kept saying quietly, "You're nuts. You're fucking insane. You're fucking gorgeous."

Most of the rest of the family were too stunned for words. It didn't stop them from being incredibly aroused, however, because all the women's nipples were stiff, and the men were hard and dripping.

Stephanie was maybe most aroused of any of them. A part of her was appalled at what she had just done to her aunt. Another part, however, acknowledged that Aunt Pat had asked for this, practically begged for it, and wanted *her* to do it to her. The degree of submission involved with what she and her aunt had just gone through was dizzying. Aunt Pat trusted her enough to shove those two *huge* objects into her body! And she'd done it!

Steph got on the floor and approached Aunt Pat's red, sweating face.

"Aunt Pat..." Steph said quietly.

Her aunt's tightly closed eyes slowly opened and finally focused on her niece. A slight smile came to Pat's face, and she weakly said, "I did it, Mistress. It feels good. I've never been so full before. Thank you." She then passed out, her ass still in the air, obscene with the vegetables protruding from it.

While she was unconscious, Stephanie eased the objects from Aunt Pat's body. Miraculously, no flesh was torn, but the muscles were going to take some time to regain their previous shape.

Uncle Eddie, without asking, removed the dildo from his butt and picked up his wife. Steve and Anne offered their bed for Pat to rest on, and Ed gratefully carried her upstairs.

A look of concern was on Emily's face, seeing her mother passed out from what she assumed had been pleasure. The concern was mixed with a degree of admiration for what her mom had managed to accomplish.

The mood in the living room was subdued. The sexual energy had run out for the time being, at least until everyone was sure Pat was okay.

When Uncle Eddie came back downstairs, everybody looked at him expectantly.

"She's sleeping. She came to enough to let me know she's alright. Her pussy and ass won't be quite the same for a little while, but she says they feel fine.

"She says not to let her dampen the festivities."

Well, things were pretty damp, anyway.

Stephanie told Reggie to get a movie for everybody to watch. While everybody else was watching the video, they all took turns going upstairs to check on Pat.

When Steph finally got up to see her, Aunt Pat was awake. She looked pretty disheveled from her ordeal, but seemed cheerful enough.

Steph sat on the edge of the bed.

"So, Aunt Pat. Feeling better?"

"Oh, definitely, Mistress." She gave Steph a weary smile. "That was the most intense thing I think I've ever done. For a while, it felt like I was giving birth all over again... in reverse. Thank you for doing this for me. You are a wonderful niece, and an even more wonderful mistress. Thank you for listening when it got to be too much."

Steph reached out and touched her aunt's face. "No problem. I was just worried I was going to hurt you."

Aunt Pat now smiled fully. "That's why I trusted you to do this. I knew I could count on you to listen when it got to be too much. I love you, Stephanie. I love you, Mistress."

Pat leaned over and kissed Stephanie. For a little bit, it was just a comforting thing, but the longer it went, the hotter it got. Neither woman wanted to stop after a while, and pretty soon, hands started to roam over smooth flesh, resting for moments in turn on soft breasts and warm, wet pussies.

Soon, Steph was stretched out over Aunt Pat, pussy in her aunt's face, and she eagerly ducked her head to lick in return. Steph could see that the muscles were still very stretched out, but was surprised at how much they had returned to their proper shape. Steph hadn't gotten a good look at Aunt Pat's cunt yesterday, but now was enjoying the close contact.

Apparently the intensity of being stretched so wide made Aunt Pat's pussy extremely sensitive, because Steph only sucked her clit and pussy lips for a few minutes before her aunt screamed out in orgasm. The arousal Stephanie had felt earlier from penetrating Pat with the vegetables bubbled up again, as well, and Steph followed right behind.

Just as Steph was rolling off Aunt Pat, a tentative voice came from around the doorway.

"Hello? Is everybody alright?" It was Aunt Mary.

Aunt Pat called out, "Come on in, Mary, the water's fine!" Then she started to laugh.

Aunt Mary peeked around the door frame. When she saw Pat and Stephanie sitting back against the headboard, she came into the room.

"I heard screaming."

Aunt Pat said, "Oh, that was me. Mistress here gave me a fabulous orgasm. Wanna try?"

Mary ignored the last comment. "Then you're feeling better? Everybody's worried about you."

Aunt Pat replied, "Let 'em worry a bit longer. Come on over here. Mistress and I want to try those fantastic nipples."

A slow smile came to Aunt Mary's face, and she climbed onto the bed between the other two women. Stephanie and Pat each grabbed an enormous breast and popped the nipple into their mouths. While they worked on her breasts with their lips, teeth and tongues, their hands caressed her belly until they converged on the damp, hairy mound between her legs.

Mary spread her legs as far as she could to give the two ladies the best access to her cunt as possible. At this invitation, Pat removed her mouth from Mary's tit and crawled around until she could latch onto Mary's dark-furred pussy.

Aunt Mary went crazy. Almost more than fucking, she absolutely *loved* having her pussy eaten. She enjoyed cock, and wouldn't trade it for the world, but offer her a good tongue-lashing, and she simply melted.


Stephanie continued her work on Aunt Mary's tits, loving the moaning sounds she made when Steph clamped her teeth down gently on the stiff nipple. The combination of Pat at her pussy and Steph at her chest had Mary Conroy writhing in pre-orgasmic frenzy. Soon the pre-orgasm became simply an orgasm, and Mary screamed out her own cum, squirting a load of girl-juice into Pat's face, which Pat caught as much as possible of, the rest of it soaking the bed.

When she calmed down, and all three women lay back on the bed, fondling and caressing, Pat asked, "So, Mary. Do you squirt every time you cum?"

A little sheepishly, Mary said, "Yes. It's happened ever since I was a girl. My very first orgasm was like that. Scott loves it."

Pat laughed. "I think it's great."

All three ladies lay back on the bed for a while, just cuddling one another, enjoying the softness of female against female. None of them spoke during this time, but eventually, Stephanie asked, "So, should we let everybody know you're back?"

Aunt Pat stretched. "I suppose so. I imagine Ed and Em are pretty worried."

Stephanie said, "Yeah, I guess I should have brought Emily up with me. I'll have to make it up to her."

Stephanie scooted off the bed, then held her hand out to Aunt Mary, who accepted the offered help, and when she was comfortably upright, Steph helped a wobbly Aunt Pat to her feet.

Aunt Pat walked like she still had the objects in her pussy and ass. She laughed, "I can still feel them in there. Boy, am I stretched out."

Everybody in the living room applauded when Pat appeared. She knew they were applauding both her performance earlier, as well as the fact that she was okay. Emily ran up and hugged her mom tightly, and Ed got up and asked, "So, how do you feel?"

A smile twitched the corner of Pat's mouth as she replied, "Why don't you try me and find out?"

Emily released her mother, and Ed stepped in and drew Pat close to him. Everybody else sat back to watch the show.

Stephanie put an arm around her cousin's waist as Emily stood back to watch her parents get re-acquainted.

Ed Kendall kissed his wife passionately, his hands roaming over her skin, finally coming to rest on her bouncy butt. Taking each ass globe in a hand, he squeezed his wife's rear and pulled the cheeks apart until anybody with the proper vantage could see her asshole and pussy lips.

Pat moaned. It had been a while since her husband had shown quite this much passion toward her. She was enjoying his ardor, and she also liked the idea of fucking her husband in front of the whole family.

Eventually, Uncle Eddie lifted his wife and carried her to the couch. Once she was seated, Pat decided to take matters into her own hands, at least temporarily. She reached out, grabbed her husband's half-hard cock, then swallowed it down in one gulp.

Stephanie saw that both Kendall women had obviously had a lot of experience with blowing that big-headed dick. Watching Emily earlier, and now seeing the ease in which Aunt Pat mouthed Uncle Eddie's member told her that they'd both spent plenty of time practicing on it.

After sucking Uncle Eddie's cock to full stiffness, Aunt Pat laid back on the couch and spread her legs wide. Uncle Eddie smiled, placed the head of his cock at her wet entrance and pushed in. He entered a lot more easily than ever before, but it appeared that Pat's ordeal with the oversized vegetables hadn't damaged her. She was a lot looser than she had been, but tighter than he'd dreaded. Time would surely tighten her back up to where she'd started.

Ed Kendall began to fuck his wife slowly, oblivious to the audience. The audience, on the other hand, had ideas of their own.

Mary and Scott Conroy started fondling one another when Pat was blowing her husband. Scott's cock was standing at attention, and Mary was just getting started after her experience with Pat and Stephanie.

Steve and Anne Conroy were just relieved that Pat was okay. Steve reached for his wife's tits as soon as Ed and Pat broke from their kiss.

The kids all wanted to get into the action, but didn't want to interrupt their parents' time. There were, however, still four of them, so it was still possible for them to pair off.

Steph and Em were already together, so they turned away from watching the action and turned their attention to each other. Reggie and Trevor wanted to get into the ladies, but when Stephanie and Emily began to kiss, they shrugged and looked one another in the face. And crotch.

Pretty soon, the whole room was a mass of writhing, panting bodies. The adults were all merrily fucking their spouses, while the kids got it on with their cousins. When Reg and Trev decided to break from their own cocksucking and fondling, they went to the girls, Trevor pulled Stephanie away, and Reggie took his sister's place on top of Emily.

Now, the whole place was one big orgy. Everybody had someone to boy-girl fuck, and most of them were even their regular fuck partners.

Stephanie was having too much fun to play mistress much today. The number of subs was getting to be too large to deal with at once, anyhow. And as long as everybody jumped when she decided to retake control - which she was confident they would - she didn't care. Even though she'd loved it last night, Steph wished she'd waited to get gang-banged until she had more men to do the job. Today she had two more cocks she could have added to the mix. Oh well. Another time. Most of the guys had cum several times already today, and some of them, her brother especially, had cum an almost inconceivable number of times this weekend.

Steph was finally getting to fulfill a fantasy she'd had for years: her cousin Trevor. Stephanie wrapped her fingers around his lovely big cock, and followed them with her warm, wet mouth. Trev hissed in pleasure at the feeling his beautiful cousin was creating on his hard-on, and mistress or no, he grabbed her head and started to fuck Steph's mouth like a pussy. Stephanie dropped her hands and just let Trevor plunge in and out of her. She prided herself on how much of his cock she could take as he pushed it in her mouth, but after not too long, she needed him in her cunt.

Grabbing his hands, Stephanie stopped her cousin's frantic thrusts and got down on her hands and knees. While Trevor got himself ready to penetrate her pussy, Steph arranged herself so she and Emily could make out while they got fucked. When Trevor slipped into her slick cunt, Stephanie felt her orgasm begin. She'd lusted after her cousin for so many years, the actual realization of the fantasy was fabulous! While Steph and Emily kissed one another, both building up to yet another amazing incestual climax, all around them - where at one point spouses had fucked spouses - the adults decided to change partners.

Scott Conroy pulled out of his wife and grabbed his sister-in-law's sister, who quickly pushed him to the floor and sat right down on his hard, wet cock. Anne Conroy plunged her mouth over the enormous manhood of her sister Pat's husband, while Steve pushed Mary's magnificent tits together then slid his dick between them.

The kids took a short break from their fucking and kissing when they heard the adults trade. For a minute or so, they watched their parents start to get and take pleasure from their brother, sister or in-law, then went back to their own little fuck party.


Soon, everybody was panting and moaning, and the heat and odor of sex was heavy in the room. It was hard to tell who came first, because almost simultaneously, practically everybody started to yell, scream, twitch, writhe... in short, they all came!

Some cum landed outside, some inside, but nobody cared where it was. They only knew it felt wonderful.

Steph lay down on the floor, regretfully letting Trevor's shrinking dick slip out of her pussy. She snuggled up next to Emily, who already had Reg's body pressed up against her. Steph was proud of her family. She loved them more than ever before, but their mistress needed a break! Tomorrow it was back to school and she was looking forward to returning to some sense of normalcy, at least away from home...

