Tales of My Slutty Sister
bylovecraft68©

Author's note: Welcome to my April Fools' contest entry. Being this contest is in the spirit of having fun at another's expense, I decided to have some fun by making this story about...us! Literotica plays a key role as a frustrated young man turns fantasies of his big sister into the hottest new series on lit. Enjoy.

Tales of My Slutty Sister Chapter 28

Samantha Rides For A Ride

By Hot4mysis

Cole sat back in his chair, idly searching through porn videos. He doubted he would watch one, but just looking at the small thumbnails and lurid descriptions, kept his cock hard.

Not that he needed much help. He'd been hard for most of the last half hour because he knew what was coming, and it was going to be him. He smiled at the computer as he worked his way through the seemingly endless selection of bother sister videos on his favorite site 'The Taboo Zone"

Most people watched movies like this because they fantasized about them happening with their sibling. They were a release for something they could never have in real life. That wasn't the case for him. Cole loved these movies because there wasn't one scenario he hadn't experienced with his sister, Samantha.

Samantha, who was currently downstairs begging their parents for a ride to the concert she had tickets for tonight. She needed a ride because she'd somehow managed to back into a telephone poll hard enough to crease not just the bumper, but the trunk and break every rear light.

The folks were ripping mad and the only reason she was even still able to go to at all was because the tickets had been a birthday gift from their grandparents. But they were adamant she had to find her own ride. She wasn't taking either of their cars, nor were they dropping her off and picking her up.

The friend Samantha was going with didn't drive at all. Cole was sure Samantha couldn't go with anyone else because she'd already given her friend the ticket.

Making things harder on her, dad had informed her he wasn't going to let her get picked up by one of the guys she knew because there was no way she was turning this into a date. Mom added the only way a guy would do her that kind of a favor would be if he were 'expecting' something as she put it.

Cole had to smile at that one. Mom and Dad were a bit out of touch, but even they knew how Samantha played, and played with, guys. After all, she hadn't earned the nickname 'Slutty Samantha' by keeping her legs, or for that matter her mouth, closed.

Samantha was going to be down to one option; her awesome younger brother, Cole.

Being the amazing brother that he was, Cole would be more than happy to help Samantha get to that concert. He'd even pick up her friend on the way and get them after the show.

But he'd want a little something in return. After all, shouldn't he be rewarded for being such a great brother? Seeing Samantha was always broke, and there really wasn't anything he needed her to do for him in the way of chores, that left only one way for his big sister to repay his generosity.

By doing what she did best; suck his cock and fuck his brains out.

That's right, other guys who have a thing for their sister-and he bet there were a lot of them-had to settle for watching the videos he was scrolling through. Watch them and jack off all over themselves while wishing that load was going in their sister's mouth or in their tight little snatch.

Meanwhile, Cole was doing what they could only dream about, and due to Samantha's penchant for getting in trouble and doing stupid things he got to do it quite often. As if on cue, he heard dad bark loudly downstairs, "For the last time, you need to find a ride to the damn show, or you don't go."

Cole smiled at the sound of footsteps coming up the stairs, and his cock jerked in his pants as if it sensed his sister getting closer. Close enough to knock on the door, and when he pretended not to hear her, call out;

"Cole you in there?"

"No!" he replied, his hand straying to his aching cock, rubbing it as he teased her.

"I really need to talk to you! Can I come in?"

"I really don't feel like talking. Come back tomorrow."

"Come on, Cole! Don't be a jerk!"

He remained silent, mentally counting to ten. At eight came the whiny, high pitched "Please, Cole? Please!" that used to annoy him, but now excited him.

"Fine, otherwise you'll just hang around outside my door until I come out."

Samantha entered his room, closing the door behind her, and Cole had to resist the urge to lick his lips at the sight of her. As always, Samantha was dressed trashy, once again reinforcing the reason for the nickname she'd earned in high school.

Her current ensemble was one of his favorites. A pair of black shorts made from some type of stretchy material so tight they showed a hint of camel toe. The rear view of the shorts showed off her one of her best features, her incredible ass.

They exposed the full length of her long legs, another of his favorite parts of her. Oh, who was he kidding? He loved every inch of his older sister's tall, athletic build. From the tips of her currently red painted toes, to her long curly black hair, and everything in between.

Samantha's top was another one her endless collection of tight t-shirts that left her flat tummy bare, showing off the small silver chain dangling from it. More importantly, it hugged her tits perfectly.

She wasn't big on top. In fact, she was a bit on the smaller side, but they looked just right on her slender frame. Better than that, they were absolutely perfect. Round, firm, perky and tipped with tiny pink nipples, the right pierced with a silver hoop.

That piercing had been yet another instance of Cole being a good brother and not ratting her out to her parents. For that good deed, he'd asked to be rewarded with one his sister's porn star quality BJ's that ended with her jacking him off all over her recently pierced tit.

Unfortunately for Samantha, her penchant for dressing slutty, and not being the brightest bulb in the house, got her found out anyway. She'd gone out to a club, and as she often did, Samantha had slipped her bra off to slut around in her painted-on shirt, showing off her titties.

She'd forgotten to put it back on and Dad had still been up when she'd come strolling in, thinking everything was fine because she'd beat curfew. The lack of bra, and piercing were obvious, and dad had unloaded on her and grounded her for a month.

During that month, Mom and dad had gone away for the weekend leaving Cole to make sure his sister didn't slip out over the weekend. Cole was nice enough to let her slip out both nights, but only after she let him slip into her mouth and pussy several times over that memorable weekend.

But those fond memories were just that, memories. Right now, the only thing on Cole's mind was the latest encounter he was about to have with his hapless, trashy, but sexy as fuck big sister.

"Are you even listening to me?" Samantha cut into his stroll down slutty sis lane, and he smirked at her.

"Sorry, were you talking?"

"Yeah, but you were too busy staring at me to listen."

"Can't help it, you look a lot better than you sound," he shrugged. "Are those shorts sprayed on?"

She gave her head a toss, sending her curly hair away from her face. "God, you're so creepy. I'm your damn sister."

"I know, that's what makes it even hotter." He smiled at her, then gestured at the laptop and the brother sister videos featured on the screen. "Matter of fact I was just thinking of you," he winked. "Wonder why?"

"You promised not to talk about that stuff," she reminded him.

"That stuff? You mean the times you let me fuck you?"

"Cole, please. Bad enough you're such a sleazebag you make me do it."

"I don't make you do anything," he said indignantly. "I just give you a choice and you're the one who chooses to be such a slut who'll have sex with your little brother to get me to do you a favor."

"Doesn't it make you feel like an asshole that you can't do anything for me without sex?"

"Nope."

"You'd rather treat me like a pig than just help me?" She pushed her lips into a pout. "Why are you so mean to me?"

"I'm not mean to you," he spread his arms out. "I licked your pussy and made you come last time. How is that mean?"

Samantha's pout turned into a frown, and her face reddened in embarrassment. He let her stew on the fact she might always put up a lame fight at first, but truth was Samantha totally got into fucking him.

While he waited for her to get around to asking him for a ride, Cole focused on his sister's mouth. Samantha's mouth seemed a little big for her face due to her lips being on the plumper side.

She had a bit of a crooked smile which accentuated the size of her lips and went a long way towards giving her the look he found to be such a turn on. Her borderline thin build, slutty mode of dress, long wild curly black hair, and fair, borderline pasty complexion all caused the words trashy, or at times when he was pissed at her, skanky, come to mind.

Samantha looked like the kind of girl you'd take home from a bar at two am, fuck her brains out, then toss her out of bed and send her on her way. Not that at eighteen Cole had any experience with things like that, but he'd seen enough movies to know that type, and Samantha screamed cheap tramp to him.

Shit, she even had a tramp stamp! The large black rose on the small of her back with flames spread out over her ass cheeks was both bad ass and hot as hell, especially on her white skin. Cole had used it as a bullseye more than once when he finished fucking her doggy style and loved the way his white cum looked on the black flower.

She had two other tattoos, both on her feet. Her name was written in a calligraphy style font along the outside of her right foot, and three small butterflies in a circle on the top of her left.

Cole had painted both of those when on a whim he'd had her wrap her feet around his cock and jack him off with them.

That had been one of the first things he'd grown the balls to ask her to do to him to help her out of her endless messes. The first had been a hand job with her topless and jacking him off on her tits.

He'd come a long way-pun intended-since then, culminating in fucking her in the ass last month when she'd backed into Mom's car and dented it and he offered to take the blame. What was two weeks grounded compared to the exquisitely taboo thrill of listening to his sister squeal into a pillow while he pounded her ass and even busted a nut inside it.

"What's the matter, sis?" he teased. "Got nothing to say about how hard you came in my face?"

"Fine, you've made me come a few times, but you don't do that for me. You do it because you're a pervert who gets off on going down on your sister."

"Guilty!" He tapped his chest and laughed. "You might get on my nerves, but you taste great."

"Gross."

"Pretty tight too, which is surprising considering how many guys you let fuck you."

"I'm not a slut, I just like to have fun." She crossed her arms over her chest, propping up her tits. "Its okay for guys to fuck anyone they want."

"And we couldn't do that without trashy girls like you, so..." he paused, then laughed. "Thanks sis!"

"Cole, I need a ride."

"To the concert, right?"

"Mom and Dad will let me go because the tickets came from grandma and grandpa, but they won't let me drive and they won't take me."

"Hmm, that sucks." Cole pretended he hadn't overheard the argument. "Unfair to Grandma and Grandpa is you can't get there. The tickets weren't cheap."

"I told them that, but they said I'm lucky I'm even going, so its up to me to find a way, and they won't let a guy take me."

"I'm a guy so I guess you can't ask me."

"You're different. They think I'll end up fooling around with the guy, you're my brother so they know that's not happening."

"Not that they know of anyway."

"Because they don't know you're a sick fuck who likes to make me do dirty things."

"You love those dirty things," he pointed out. "And calling me names isn't going to get you a ride."

"Sorry," She walked over to stand in front of him, and as he stared at her stomach, he had to resist the urge to kiss it. "Do you think you could take me and Cindy?"

"I'm supposed to drive fifteen minutes the other way, turn around then drive forty-five minutes to Worcester, hang somewhere for three hours, then bring her home?"

"Yeah, she was supposed to sleep over after the show, but I'm punished."

"That's my whole Saturday night," he stroked his chin. "Gas, hanging around that crappy area, and having to listen to you and Cindy giggle like idiots."

"We don't giggle." She shrugged. "Unless we're stoned."

"And Cindy's always stoned, and I'm sure she's going to want to smoke on the ride up, meaning you'll want to. That's another favor, not telling dad you smoked."

He sighed and drummed his fingers on this desk. "That's a lot to ask."

"You weren't doing anything tonight anyway, you usually work."

"And this is my first Saturday night off in two months and you want me to spend it as an uber driver?"

"I'll give you $25, its all I have until I get paid."

"Twenty-five bucks?" he scoffed. "That's gas, what about all my time?"

"This concert is a big deal and if I can't go then grandma and grandpa wasted their money!"

"That's your fault for backing into a pole." He gave her a waked smile. "Then again, that's not the first pole you've backed into, is it?"

"Please stop with that."

"Really? What about all the rear-ended jokes I can make?"

"Cole, will you please give me a ride?"

"Okay."

"Oh My God, thank you!" She clapped her hands, then leaned over and kissed his cheek.

"But you have to give me one first."

"Huh?"

He pointed behind her. "Lock the door."

"Are you kidding me?" Her baby blue eyes widened. "You're going to make me fuck you again?"

"You want a ride; I need a ride. Seems fair."

"But..." she pointed to the floor. "Mom and Dad are home!"

"That's why you're going to lock the door."

She stared at him, her lip out and trembling, and he shrugged.

"Like I said, sis, I'd never hurt you or force you to do anything, but if I'm going to give you something you want, then I get what I want."

"But you always want sex, and I'm your sister!"

"My skanky hot sister who's only good at one thing, so why shouldn't you share that talent with your helpful little brother."

"Stop talking to me like I'm some dumb slut."

"Stop acting like one and I will," he grinned. "After all, I can ask for whatever I want, you're the one doing it, and you end up getting into it every time, so I don't know why you fight it."

"Dammit, Cole! Can't you just be nice?"

"Tell you what, when you come in here and just give me head for no reason other than wanting to be nice, then I'll do you a favor without asking for anything. But when you're not asking me for something, you're a bitch to me, so this is what you get."

"Not a bitch, you're just an annoying little shit sometimes."

"You're two years older than me and have always teased and picked on me. Last few months, I've been getting some well-deserved payback, and you have a lot to make up for."

He pointed to the door again.

"Now make up your mind. Go lock the door or go in your room and sulk all night."

"Such a jerk!" Samantha spun on her bare heel and walked over to the door, she turned the handle and for a second it looked like she was going to leave.

Then her shoulders slumped, and his cock jumped at the sound of her thumbing the lock on the doorknob. She turned to face him, and as she approached was already stripping off her shirt.

"Boy, I've got you trained, don't I?"

"Let's just get this over with." She tossed the shirt onto the end of his bed and unhooked her bra.

Cole's comeback died in his mouth when she flipped the bra off and he caught sight of her tits. By this point he'd seen them quite a few times, but the effect they had on him always made it feel like the first time.

She dropped to her knees between his legs and popped open his jeans.

"Look at you, I didn't even ask you to blow me."

"You always want me to suck it, you little freak. I'm just doing it before you make some crack, I need to use my mouth for what it's made for."

"Jeez, you can really take the sexy out of things." His words came out in a whisper as she yanked his zipper down, and reached into his boxers, her fingers wrapping around his aching dick.

"So does always being an asshole and only doing things if I blow you." Even as she spoke, she pumped his cock while tugging on his boxers with her free hand. "Get these off, I can't suck it if I can't get at it."

"Bitchy!" Cole lifted his hips and pushed his jeans and boxers down. "This could be fun if...Oh, shit!"

The second his cock was free Samantha had it in her mouth, bobbing her head along his shaft while she jerked him off, her fingers following the wet trail her mouth and tongue left in their wake.

Cole relaxed back in the chair watching the always incredible sight of his sister gobbling his cock like it was a competition. He knew it wasn't enthusiasm making her suck like that, she just wanted to get it over with, maybe even make him come so she wouldn't have to fuck him.

Then again, she'd learned that lesson last month when she'd thought she was funny sucking even after he told her to stop and getting him off all over her tits. She thought she could leave, but instead he had her get on the bed and sucked on her pussy until he was hard again, then fucked her.

Since he'd already blown a load, he'd lasted longer than usual and pounded her doggy so fast and hard he'd felt like a damn porn star. If she wanted to do that again, he was fine with that, heck, he'd prefer it as he'd get to come twice.

His parents were home though so he couldn't turn this into a long drawn out romp filled with the bed rocking and her yelping as he hammered her tight pussy with a cock even Samantha couldn't pretend wasn't damn big.

Big enough to cause her to make gagging sounds as she opened wide and worked her lips down to the base of his shaft.

"Right there." He put his hand on the back of her head, keeping her mouth where it was. "Damn, those lips really are made for cock sucking, aren't they?"

She stared up at him, giving him a dirty look as her eyes began to water from having her mouth stuffed with his full length. He let her go and she resumed bobbing her head, but faster than before.

Cole sighed and for the next couple of minutes the only sound in the room was his sister's noisy slurping on his cock as she drooled all over it, then sucked it back up.

"Nickleback was onto something with that you look cuter with something in your mouth." He sighed. "My dick looks damn good in your face."

Samantha rolled her eyes, and kept going, but he stopped her by tugging on her hair. "What's the rush? My balls are getting awfully jealous, you know."

Samantha slipped his cock from his mouth, a trail of spit briefly stretching between the head of his cock and her lips until it dripped down her chin. She pushed his cock back and sucked his sac into her mouth.

He moaned as she swirled her tongue around them as she sucked, while stroking his cock. He took in the way her slender fingers barely touched around his thick shaft and how good her red nails looked around him.

"Hey, sis, how do Deez Nuts taste?" he couldn't resist the joke, and releasing his balls from her mouth, she spit angrily on his cock.

"Stop being a prick."

"Just suck my cock, you haven't even earned the ride to pick up Cindy yet."

That got him another nasty look, but she went back to working his dick, fluttering her tongue around the head of his cock, then quickly licking up and down his shaft before, engulfing him between those big soft lips.

Cole had no real malice towards his sister, and to make up for his digs, he reached down and fondled her tits. They were small enough to fit in his palms, and he loved how her nipples felt pressing into his hands as he squeezed her tits. They were so firm he swore you could bounce something off them, and for that matter so was her ass.

He stared at her ass, still clad in the form fitting shorts as she knelt between his legs. He caught her nipples between his fingers and smiled when she moaned around his cock. He teased them gently while alternately rubbing and fondling her breasts.

Her ass moved back and forth, and she sighed several times around his cock. He noticed her sucking had slowed and knew it was because she enjoyed the way he played with her tits. Samantha could act offended, but as always, her true colors showed as she proved to be what he knew she was.

His slutty big sister.

"Okay," he breathed as her sucking was getting to him, his balls tightening and his cock starting to twitch each time she took him deep in her amazing mouth.

"Time for you to take that ride," he explained as he eased her mouth from his spit slicked cock.

Cole removed his shirt and pulling his pants off, rose and walked over to the bed, loving how his sister's eyes never left his cock as it bobbed between his legs. Like the little tramp wasn't going to enjoy this as much as he was.

He flopped down on his bed, and saw Samantha was on her feet and approaching him. She stopped at the side of the bed, and hooking her fingers into her shorts, pushed them down over her hips.

"Turn around, I want to see you take them off from behind," he told her.

Samantha rolled her eyes, but turned her back to him and grabbed the shorts once more.

"Slow," he demanded. "Slow and sexy, give me a show, sis."

He heard her sigh, but she did as he asked. He lay there, his cock at attention while watching his big sister slowly ease her shorts down her hips. She did it with a sexy little shimmy, shaking her ass back and forth as she pushed the tight material down over her ass.

"Not even a thong? And you were talking to Mom and Dad like that?" He whistled. "What if dad saw your camel toe?"

"Dad's not a pig like you, he doesn't look at me like that." She spoke as she swayed her hips and got the shorts past her ass.

She worked her body side to side as she shimmied the shorts down to her knees. She then bent over to take them off and Cole swallowed at the sight of not just her small well shaped ass, but her pink slit winking out between her creamy thighs.

"Spread it open," he whispered.

"So gross," she muttered, but grabbed her ass and opened it, showing off her pussy even more as well as her pink rosebud.

Cole wanted nothing more than to get on his knees and bury his face in her pussy from behind and stick his tongue in both her slit and her ass. But he'd have to wait until her next screw up, because Mom and dad being downstairs had him nervous.

But also excited. The idea he was up here about to fuck his sister while they sat on the couch binge watching crappy TV shows was a thrill in itself. Samantha climbed onto the bed, swung her leg over his hips, and after sliding his cock though her very wet pussy, guided him inside her.

She lowered herself onto him, and he moaned as his sister's tight hot pussy engulfed his cock. Samantha released a similar sound as she settled down on his lap, his cock buried deep inside her.

She braced her hands on his chest and worked her hips, riding him.

"For someone who's mad about this, you're pretty damn wet," he taunted her.

"You do have a big dick," she admitted as she rode him harder, causing her tits to jiggle.

"I'd have to for your pussy to feel tight." He winked, then yelped when she dug her nails into his chest.

"Just come, will you?" Samantha moved her hips in a circular motion, working his cock inside her warm wet heat while sitting up across his legs, and cupping her tits. She stroked her nipples, putting on a show for him.

"You know what I like!" he laughed, then grabbed her hips and moved his, driving his cock into her descending pussy. "You love showing off those pretty titties to your little brother, don't you?"

"I want you to come for me." She switched to bouncing up and down, her rhythm matching his, plunging down onto his thrusting cock. "Mom or Dad could come up here any minute."

"Then you should come first." He slid his hand between her legs and found her swollen clit with his thumb.

"No," she moaned. "I don't even want to have sex with you! Just fuck me until you come and get it over with."

"Nope," he rubbed harder and smiled when she whimpered and her hips thrust forward, pushing her clit into his thumb. "I want you to come for me and prove how much of a slut you are that you'll come for your brother you supposedly don't want to fuck."

"Please, just, oh, shit!" She gasped when he grabbed her right tit, his fingers catching her nipples and twisting the hoop gently back and forth. "No fair!"

She leaned backwards, her hands now gripping his ankles as she continued to work her hips while giving him better access to her clit. Cole rolled it between her fingers them and felt her thighs trembling against his.

Cole played with his sister's clit while watching his cock slide in and out of her moist pink lips. Her nails dug into his leg and her hips moved faster as her legs tightened around him.

"Oh, oh, oh!" she released the high-pitched little yips that he'd learned were a sign she was getting close to coming.

"That's it, come for me. Come riding your brother's cock like the dirty little slut you are."

"Not a slut," she whimpered.

"You're fucking your brother for a ride, how much more of a slut can you be?"

"Stop being so...Oh!" Samantha gasped, then bit down on her lip and released a muffled squeal as her pussy quivered around his cock and her hips went into overdrive.

He rubbed her throbbing clit harder as she fought to contain her cries of pleasure. She let her head fall back and ground hard into his lap as her orgasm crashed through her. Cole moaned as her convulsing pussy continued to work his cock, causing his balls to tighten, and bring him closer to his own release.

Samantha pushed herself forward, her hands on either side of his head, and leaning over, shoved her tit in his face. He eagerly sucked her nipple and as much of her firm flesh into his mouth as he could, as she rode him harder and faster.

She grabbed the headboard, holding herself over him. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he bent his legs and pumped his hips as hard as he could. Samantha yelped above him as he held her still and hammered into her sill twitching twat.

Cole shifted his head so he could suck her other nipple, tonguing the silver hoop and groaned around it as his cock was now jerking inside of her, each thrust bringing him closer. He tried to slow down to last longer, but she pushed against the bed, using it as leverage to drive down onto him.

As always, his sister had gone from reluctant to fucking him like a damn wildcat. Fucking him too hard in fact as over the sound of their combined moans he heard a thumping sound. Before he could tell her to slow down, they both jumped when their father banged on the ceiling beneath them.

"Whatever the two of you are doing up there, knock it off!"

Samantha, her wide eyes mirroring his own nervousness, swung her leg over him, removing his cock from inside her.

"Fuck, I was about to come!" he groaned in frustration.

"You will," she assured him. "I need that ride."

Kneeling beside him, she took his cock back into her mouth.

"Goddamn," he breathed as Samantha bobbed her head rapidly while grabbing his cock and jerking to get him off faster.

Her hair had fallen across her face, and he moved it to the side so he could watch her devouring his cock with a sense of urgency that had his hips moving in response. He placed his free hand on her back, sliding it down her smooth skin and over the delicate curve of her ass.

He shoved two fingers into her sopping slit, making her moan around him as she repeatedly took him deep with a skill that rivaled that of any porn star he'd ever watched.

"That's right," he moaned, continuing the game. "Dad starts up those stairs we stop and if I don't come, you don't go."

Samantha whined in frustration and sucked so hard he gasped. She tickled his balls with her long nails while taking him all the way down, gagging on his length. Holding him there, her lips pressed to the base of his shaft, she shook her head vigorously.

"Yeah, oh, fuck yeah," he groaned as she worked the head of his cock around in her mouth, using her best finishing move on him.

Cole barely lasted a few more seconds before exploding in his sister's mouth.

Samantha moaned and her eyes rolled back as she continued to suck his spurting cock. Cole held her head, fucking her mouth, each thrust ending in another spurt jetting down his cum guzzling big sister's slutty throat.

His hips jerked and he pulled on her hair when he had nothing left, but she continued to suck, giving herself duck face as she hoovered his cock, trying to get a few more drops.

"Stop," he groaned. When she eased his cock from her mouth, he sighed. "Damn, sis, all those years of practice sucking every boy in school's cock really pays off."

"Yeah, whatever," she slipped off the bed, and grabbed her shorts. "We need to leave by six, okay?'

"Sure," he nodded. After all, a deal was a deal.

He watched her wiggle her ass back into the shorts, then don her bra, and finally her shirt.

"Lucky dad didn't come up here," she told while running her fingers through her curly hair, pushing it away from her face.

"You shouldn't have been fucking me so hard, miss 'I don't like doing this"

She gave him a dirty look, but it turned into a reluctant grin. "Like I said, you do have a nice big dick, so I guess I make the most of it."

"Glad to hear it, because you'll be fucking this big dick when we get home."

"What?"

"Hey, this is a round trip ride. This was for the ride to the show. You want a ride home; you need to promise you're going to fuck me again later."

"You're such a jerk!" She scowled.

"Question is, am I a jerk who's going to get to fuck his sister doggy style later?"

Her shoulders slumped. "Fine, you can fuck me doggy style when we get back."

"See, was that so hard?"

"Seems like its always hard," Samantha sighed.

Author's note; That's right, my loyal readers, Cole is always hard, and you would be too if you had a sister as slutty as Samantha! I hope you enjoyed the latest installment of Tales of my Slutty Sister. Is there going to be more? How could there not be? Samantha is sure to get herself in more trouble soon, and as always, her awesome brother, Cole will be there.... for a price. Thanks for reading, and please vote and leave a comment if you liked the story! Until next time, Hot4mysis

Chapter Two

Cole leaned back in his chair and rubbed his eyes. Three solid hours of writing and his latest installment of his series was ready to be uploaded to Literotica, the free erotica site he'd discovered three months ago while searching brother sister porn videos.

He'd seen it advertised during a hot video where a sister had broken her mother's favorite vase and begged her brother to take the blame. Her brother didn't want to, but she convinced him by stripping naked, sucking his cock, then fucking his brains out.

Cole loved all brother sister vids, but blackmail, or 'favor' videos were his favorite. Cole had already blown his load, as always timing his release with the 'brother' in the video so he came while watching the trashy sister take a big load in the face.

His lust spent, at least for the moment, Cole had decided to click on the site. He was disappointed to see it was erotic stories, not videos, but on a whim searched brother/sister stories.

There were hundreds and he read one, then another. By the time he finished the third, he was so hard, he went back and reread the scene and came a second time. After that, he was hooked, reading a couple every day either before or after a video.

The site contained stories featuring every kink imaginable, but Cole was only interested in taboo, specifically brother sister. One night on a whim, he decided to try and write one of his own. It wasn't like he didn't have inspiration. The reason he watched sibcest vids daily was his obsession with his older sister, Samantha.

Between his infatuation for his own sister, and the idea of a sister 'having' to perform sexual favors for her brother, Cole had no trouble with ideas. He decided he'd keep it simple and make a series of one-off stories, but all featuring characters who just happened to share the same names as he and his sister.

The first story he stole from a video where 'Samantha' his ditzy, hapless, always in trouble, and above all trashy looking sister, came in late from curfew and he threatened to tell their parents unless she blew him.

Cole thought the story was kind of weak, but he'd gotten some nice comments and a 4.40 out of 5.0 score. Encouraged he wrote a second, and much longer story, where he'd caught sis working in a strip club and made her do a slow striptease for him, then fuck him.

Fueled by his own desire, he put a lot of effort into describing how she acted at the club, including the fact she was blowing customers in the back. He out did himself on a scorching sex scene full of him demeaning her and threatening to tell on her if she didn't talk dirty and beg him to suck and fuck his huge cock.

That story had ten times the views and comments as the first. People there seemed to like his stories and a lot of the comments came from people who had a thing for their own sister, which made him feel less guilty about how bad he wanted the real-life Samantha.

With a smile, he went to his bookmarks, and clicked on his homepage that took him to hot4mysis's activity. He saw he'd received a few comments since yesterday.

"Really love your stories! They're so vivid and the lust and sex so real, you must have scored your sis in real life to make them feel so real."

"Wow, another installment of my favorite series, meaning another five star vote coming your way! I was hoping you'd write about that slutty sister taking it in the ass from her hung brother, and here it is. Keep them-and me- cumming!"

"I so wish I had a sister like Samantha!"

"I want to be Samantha! I so want to fuck my brother, and I always pretend I'm her when I read and get off to them. God, the way Cole fucks her gets my pussy so wet!"

"Good work, you've become the sickest fuck on the web's sickest site!"

Who the fuck told you that you could write? I've seen better grammer from a five year old"

There were other bad comments sprinkled thought the mostly glowing ones. People telling him he didn't know how to use a comma or what a twisted loser he was. Cole took those with a grain of salt, what did you expect on a site that allowed people to comment anonymously?

By and large he was well received, and even though he'd only been on the site for a few months was rocketing up the favorite author list. His constant and endless fantasies about Samantha coupled with watching countless sib videos made writing easy and he was already closing in on thirty chapters, and he had plenty of ideas left in the tank.

Some he made up, some were spins on his favorite videos, and a few based on real life scenarios. In those cases, the start of the story was how it had really happened, but when it went down the road of taboo sex, was where it became fiction.

Case in point when he'd 'accidently' walked into the bathroom a few weeks ago when he knew Samantha was in there. Every time she took a shower the last few months, Cole would try the bathroom door.

She always locked it, but that one time, she hadn't. Cole had listened to the water run, then once it shut off and he heard the shower curtain pulled back, he'd walked in. Samantha already had the towel in her hand and got it in front of her.

Cole had gotten a split second peek of one of her breasts, and just enough of a look to notice a lack of hair between her thighs, but not a glimpse of her pussy. In the story, Samantha had yelled at him to get out, but he'd stayed, pretending to say he was sorry, and she noticed the large bulge in his shorts.

She'd asked if it as for her, and he'd said that since she'd fucked him so he would cover for her when she snuck out while being grounded, all he could think of was doing it again. That was a rare instance where the story didn't involve coercion, just her dropping the towel and then getting on her knees for him.

In real life, Samantha had told him to get the fuck out of the bathroom or she'd tell Dad he was spying on her. Cole had panicked, hoping she was just mad and hadn't caught on that he'd been staring at her for months.

He'd backed out, stammering how sorry he was, and please not to tell mom and dad. A few minutes after he'd gone into his room, Samantha had knocked and come in, dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and said she was sorry she yelled at him. She knew it wasn't on purpose, but she'd been mad and embarrassed.

Cole had felt a wave of relief, but wrote his version of what happened the second she left the room. He sighed, as he went to the submissions page, figuring seeing he was here, he may as well upload his latest piece of wishful thinking.

He'd also have to take care of the raging hard on in his shorts that had been aching the entire time he'd written what he'd give anything to be able to do. Cole entered his chapter number and the subtitle "Samantha needs a ride, and so does her horny brother, Cole.", then selected his tags, and pasted in the doc.

Cole previewed it, and satisfied with the formatting, clicked publish. It would be up by tomorrow morning and all day at school, he'd be sneaking peeks at his phone to see the score and what comments he'd get.

He opened another browser to do what the story version of himself was doing at the beginning and look for a good brother/sister video. Cole found 'Sibcest' a site dedicated to his favorite kink, and typed in blackmail to see if there were any new vids he could not only get off to, but maybe use for another story.

The site was a bit dubious, filled with pop ups, and his malware detector worked overtime whenever he was on it. It took a minute for the page to load, and he looked up at the sound of laughter from outside his window.

He recognized his sister's distinctive loud throaty laugh. It was the kind of laugh that generally caused others to laugh with her, but depending on your mood could be annoying as hell. Cole rose from his desk and wandered over to his bedroom window which overlooked the backyard.

"You gotta be fucking kidding me."

Below him, dressed in a pair of denim cut off shorts and a bikini top, was Samantha. She and her friend Trish were washing Samantha's car, and like something straight out of a movie were spraying water and throwing suds at each other.

Most guys would be staring at their sister's friend, especially in the case of Trish who was a damn fine redhead with big tits and a plump little ass that looked like it was begging for a spanking.

Yet Cole's eyes were glued to his older sister's long slender form as she ran around the car barefoot, chasing Trish with a bucket full of soapy water. Samantha's hair was soaked, and her skin, not only glistening, but with white soapy rivulets running down her stomach and thighs.

It made Cole think of what a huge load would look like dripping down her skin, and his hand strayed inside his shorts. He gripped his cock, and just that contact made him moan like an idiot who'd never been touched before. 

But it had been awhile since a hand other than his touched his cock. In his stories Cole was a young stud who'd banged his way through high school before setting his sexual sites on his sister.

In the real-world Cole was a decent looking guy, with a shock of short wavy black hair the same color as Samantha's as well as sharing her big blue eyes, a trait they'd inherited from their mother.

Also like his older sibling, Cole was tall and on the thinner side, but not skinny. Rather, he had some good lean muscle from playing tennis throughout high school, and his love of running. Cole had his fathers' strong jaw and rugged features, making his soft blue eyes seem out of place.

One of his best features was an easy, effortless smile, that had a little bit of 'aw shucks' to it as his grandmother described it. Looks wise Cole could have been more popular with the girls, but the problem was he was kind of shy, and not overly confident with the fairer sex.

Because of that, Cole had only one real girlfriend, Katy who he'd crushed on all freshmen year in High school, finally asked out the next year and took six months to get up the nerve to try to have sex with her.

He'd stayed with her for over a year, but a few months ago, she'd announced she was moving out to California to live with her older sister who was giving her a job at her father in laws insurance company.

She'd tried to say they could still 'hang out and hook up' until she left later this summer, but Cole told her to get lost. A decision he regretted on his hornier days, but he didn't want to feel used.

It was more than that. His obsession with Samantha had kicked in three or four months before Katy's announcement. He'd found himself picturing Katy as being his sister, even going so far as to talk her into wearing the black wig she'd worn at last year's Halloween party when they had sex as a "fun little game"

Katy hadn't minded, but she probably would if she knew that game was him imaging her mouth being his sister's and filling his condom with a load, he wished was going into Samantha's smooth pink twat.

The first time he'd done that was a week after the event that started his taboo infatuation with his hot older sister. He had overheard Samantha having sex with her now ex-boyfriend Todd, when the folks went away for the weekend.

He'd listened at the door to Samantha's yelps and urging Todd to fuck her harder and how much she loved getting it doggy. She'd promised to suck him hard again if he came quick, but only if he'd lick her cunt.

Thinking back on it as he watched Samantha run from Trish, who was spraying her with the hose, like two girls trying out for a softcore porn movie, Cole thought of how that had changed his view of her. Hearing Samantha talk like that while his mind tried to picture her not as his sister, but as a hot girl getting it, and getting it good, left him feeling kind of weird.

He realized it was creepy he'd listened, and creepier that he'd gotten hard while doing it. But he hadn't jerked off and seemed to forget about until a week later when out of the blue he had the first of what at this point might be hundreds of dirty dreams about her.

Cole had dreamt of her slipping into his room in just a t-shirt, and without a word, came over to his bed, stripped off the shirt, and before he could react had the sheet pulled back and was sucking his cock.

She'd hopped on and road him like the sex crazed Samantha in his stories, begging him to 'cum inside his sister's needy little cunt'. He'd woke up hard, and more than a little ashamed. He'd gone back to sleep, but when he had another dream, this one of her sucking him off in his car as a 'thank you' for a ride, he couldn't help jerking off to that image.

That dream had come from a brother/sister video he'd stumbled on a few weeks back. Other than the girl being hot and giving great head it hadn't done anything for him. But after that dream, he'd begun watching every sister vid he could find, while looking at his sister with pure, unadulterated lust.

Having just finished penning his latest fantasy and now watching a wet, soapy and scantily clad Samantha, that lust was now in overdrive. His cock pulsed in his hand, and he released a frustrated moan as below the window, Samantha was now posing for Trish.

She bent over the car, wiggling her ass, and looking over her shoulder while Trish laughed and pretended to take a picture of her. His sister turned herself around, and sprawled on the hood, her arms over her head, thrusting her tits out and lifting one long leg.

She hopped off the car and was now pretending to take the pictures as Trish rubbed her large soap covered tits against the passenger window while shaking her ass. Again, it struck him that Trish was hot, and putting on a show, but his attention was still focused more on Samantha who was laughing at her friend.

Cole's cock jumped when Samantha slapped Trish in the ass, then again, hard enough for him to hear it from where he watched. Trish yelped and spinning around, grabbed Samantha by her hair, she held her there, while reaching around and slapping her ass several times in quick succession.

They both giggled, then Trish pointed and they both grabbed sponges from the bucket and vigorously washed the side of the car. As his father pulled into the driveway, Cole found his mind envisioning Trish with Samantha.

He knew his sister was only into guys, and her and Trish had been friends since elementary school, but the way his mind worked these days it was now filled with the image of Trish lying back, playing with her big tits while his sister sucked her pussy.

"My sister's secret," he spoke aloud, and grinned.

That would be his next story, he would discover his sister having sex with her best friend, and for not telling his parents, she'd let him hide in her closet and watch the next time they'd play, then he'd fuck her while her face was still coated with Trish's pussy.

Maybe he could extend the already stretched plausibility of taboo stories, and Samantha would ask him to join them and he'd fuck her doggy while she ate Trish out. Or she'd suck him while Trish ate her.

In none of his quick visions did he see himself fucking Trish. That was how far his obsession had gone; even in a fantasy his sister was the only one he wanted to fuck. Cole managed to pull himself out of the incestuous cesspool that his thoughts had become at the sound of Dad's voice.

In many cases a father seeing his daughter dressed that way in view of the neighbors would probably flip out. But the big difference between slutty Samantha and the real thing was she was daddy's little girl and never in trouble.

Dad had come over and said something that made her laugh. He jumped back when she flipped suds at him, then pretended to walk away. When Samantha turned back to the car, dad raced up behind her, grabbed the bucket and as Trish laughed, dumped it over her head.

Real life Samantha never got in trouble, nor was she ditzy, a bad student, a bad driver, and most of all...

Samantha wasn't slutty at all.

She did look exactly as she did in his stories, including those large lips and slightly over sized mouth and wild hair that gave her a borderline trashy appearance, but for the most part, Samantha was a good girl.

She'd had a few boyfriends since she'd started dating back when she was fifteen, but he'd overheard her tell Trish one night she'd only had sex with three guys, and all three she'd dated for a few months.

That same night, the one he'd crouched next to the vent in the spare room next to Samantha's and eavesdropped, he'd heard her tell Trish how much she loved sucking cock. The two were playing a truth or dare game about sex, and although Trish said some racy things, he only had ears for his sister.

Cole had ended up with his cock in his hand on the other side of the wall from his sister as he listened to her discuss her love of doggy style, how she liked to let cum drool out of her mouth and onto her nipples, and she liked a finger in her ass when she was getting eaten.

All those things had found their way into his stories and burned carnal images into his mind. Carnal, that was a word he'd picked up from another incest author on Literotica. Once he could think clearly after blowing a load onto the spare room floor just from hearing his sister say things like head, fuck, and cum, something she'd said had stuck out to him for some reason.

Samantha had mentioned that she loved to be dirty, talk dirty, 'fuck nasty' as she'd put it, and really have a raunchy good time. But she'd told Trish she'd only be a bad girl for a good boy. She was happy to cut loose and be a wild fuck, but only if the guy was loyal, treated her well, spoiled her, and made her feel special.

Cole had done all those things for Katy, in fact Samantha had told him more than once, she was impressed with how good he was to his girlfriend and to always be good to his girls, because that made them want to be good to him.

So good he got 'see ya' when she had a chance to move out of Rhode Island.

"Hey, Cole!" He jumped when Trish yelled up at him. "Take a picture, you little perv, it'll last longer!"

His eyes widened when he saw Trish staring up at him. He hadn't realized they could see him from his angle. His face turned hot with embarrassment as Samantha shook her head, an annoyed look on her face, and made a shooing gesture with her fingers.

Cole backed away from the window, pulling the blinds down and feeling lucky that the window was high enough they couldn't see his hand in his shorts. He hoped his parents hadn't heard her yelling at him. More importantly, he was grateful Trish assumed he was looking at her, then again, why would she think he'd be staring at his sister?

He didn't worry about Samantha saying anything, she never ratted him out. That was yet another role reversal from his stories. Cole was the one who kept screwing up. He'd dented mom's car, broken her antique vase, been caught with pot, dirty magazines, watching porn with the volume up because he hadn't heard his mother come home early from work.

He repeatedly broke curfew and pretty much did all the things he'd pinned on Samantha on Literotica. But it was never his big sister that called him out, he'd gotten caught each time by his parents.

If anything, Samantha had helped him avoid even more trouble by warning him his parents were watching him closer than usual or lying about when she heard him come in at night. When he'd been grounded for a month for the pot, she'd even let him sneak out when the folks were away for the weekend to go out with Katy.

Things like that caused occasional guilty feelings in him that he wrote about her being pretty much nothing more than a dumb slut. Like most older siblings, Samantha did her share of teasing and busting his balls, talked down to him at times like he was stupid, but for the most part she was nice to him, and didn't deserve the way he portrayed her.

But if he didn't write the stories to get some of his misplaced sexual frustration out of his system, he'd go out of his mind. Cole had figured it was a phase, and he'd get over it, but it had been over six months, and if anything, he was getting worse, masturbating multiple times a day to her.

At this point whenever he was around her it was an effort not to stare, and many times he found himself getting hard while she sat next to him on the couch. Occasionally she'd stretch her feet out and rest them on his leg.

Before he'd get mad and push them down, now he let her do it to 'be nice'. So nice he had to keep his hands over his boner and struggled to keep his eyes off her pretty tattooed feet with her always brightly painted toenails.

His first story had been her giving him a foot job while they watched TV. You know you had it bad for a girl when even the thought of her feet had your balls aching. Hell, he'd suck her damn toes if it meant he'd get a chance to work his way up to that bald kitty he'd gotten a far too quick look at when she'd gotten out of the shower.

Cole heard more laughing followed by a splash and risked a peek between the blinds. Samantha was in the pool, splashing water up at Trish who must have pushed her in, the way his sister was playfully calling her a bitch.

Samantha pulled herself out of the pool, her now soaking wet shorts even tighter on her perfect ass. Mom came into view carrying a tray with soda's and sandwiches on it, and he moved back away from the window, but not before Samantha drove another dagger into him by bending over to pick up a sponge, giving him an even better view of her ass with just a hint of cheek showing.

Even her slutty ensembles, the always tight shorts and skimpy half shirts weren't how she dressed, at least not most of the time. Samantha was taking restaurant management in college and had landed a summer job at Bella's on the Beach.

Bella's was a Hooters style knock off, where the staff wore shorts and tank tops. In the summer they opened the large area behind the building where they set up a couple dozen tables, a volleyball net, and had a lifeguard so the guests could take a quick swim if they wanted.

Samantha was an assistant manager and worked the beach area, most often in one of her half shirts, but sometimes in a bikini top. He knew she'd worked today, and the cut offs and top were what she'd worn there.

His parents hadn't been thrilled, especially seeing how many older guys flocked to the place to ogle, and at times, hit on the girls. But as always Samantha had gotten her way, citing the good pay, great tips, and most importantly it was an internship and she was earning credits and experience running the beach staff.

She'd told Cole to come by some time, and unable to resist watching his sister parade around in her short shorts, he'd taken her up on the offer. Samantha had hooked him up with free food and soda, then told him to get his ass out there and mingle with the bevy of cute girls in their bathing suits.

He'd seen a few hotties, but between not having the nerve to walk over and strike up a conversation, and watching Samantha strut around, playing up to the guys to get some extra tips he'd just kept to himself. The way the guys started at her as she passed by got him worked up.

He found he liked the idea of them checking her out and thinking the same dirty thoughts about her he was. Cole was surprised that she'd worked there two months, and unless she was keeping a secret, hadn't met anyone.

Cole knew she was still pissed off and gun-shy about dating after she'd discovered Todd cheating on her. How the hell a guy could have a girl that hot, who in her own words loved to suck and fuck, and shit on her was beyond him.

If he was with his sister, in real life, not his stories, he'd never want anyone else. Shit, he'd been thinking about her while he was with someone.

"Hear yourself?" he grumbled, walking back to his computer. "If I was with my sister. You're a loser, Cole."

But he was a horny loser and settling in his chair, went back to looking for a video to watch. As he scanned the list, he assumed the position, pulling his shorts down, and grabbing his once again swollen cock.

In his stories he always described himself as well hung or 'bigger than average.' According to Katy, he had a 'nice dick' but she'd only been with one guy before him, so how much did she really know?

Worked up more than usual by watching the Soapy Samantha show-great alliteration from the master of sibcest himself- Cole decided to make his latest jack off session special by allowing himself a treat.

Opening his bottom desk drawer, he slipped his hand under a stack of notebooks and pulled out his prized possession, one of Samantha's thongs he'd stolen from her hamper. The purple thong had still smelled strongly of the French vanilla body spray she doused herself with after a shower, but even better, there was a faint smell of her pussy in the thin crotch.

Two months later, both scents had worn off, but he didn't dare take another. One, she might not miss, but he didn't want to push his luck. Not that he could see her wandering around asking if anyone had seen her thong but considering his penchant for getting in trouble better to be safe than sorry.

Cole wrapped the silky material around his cock and stroked himself with it as he scrutinized the titles and captions for the movies. He stopped at one titled.

"Best Birthday Ever!" with the subtitle "Big sis gives her lucky brother the best gift ever!"

Even as he clicked on it, a smile crossed his face as he envisioned his own tag, "Cole gets a B-Day B-Jay from his slutty sister, Samantha."

His smile faded, even as the video opened with a hot girl with long dark hair and small breasts who had a more than passing resemblance to Samantha. The only thing Cole was really getting was his own damn hand and a cum stained thong.

But he'd settle for it, after all, what choice did he have?

Chapter Three

Cole jumped at the sound of a knock on his door. Momentarily disoriented, he shook his head, trying to figure out where he was. He found he was still slumped back in his chair, his now flaccid cock lying in a still sticky pool of cum on his thigh, the thong still dangling from his cock.

It wasn't the first time he'd dozed off after he came hard, but it usually happened at night when everyone was in bed, and no one would be bothering him anyway.

"Hey, I know you're in there!" Samantha spoke from the other side of the door. "Open up, you little shit."

Cole turned to look at his door and in the same instant he saw he hadn't turned the lock on the knob, the knob itself turned, she was coming in! He somehow had the presence of mind to push his foot against the desk, spinning his chair so his back was now to the door.

"I knew you were ignoring me," she said from behind him. "Mom and...Oh, jeez, were you doing what it looked like you were?"

Even though it made it more obvious what he was doing, he lifted his hips and yanked his shorts and boxers up over his cock and the slimy mess around it. He pulled them up over the thong because he had no idea how else to hide it, and he doubted she'd be staring at his crotch. Unlike him, Samantha had no interest in her sibling.

"What the hell are you doing walking in here?" he demanded, as he took a deep breath, and turned the chair back to face her.

Fortunately, the screen had gone into sleep mode and she wouldn't be able to see the video still up on the computer with the word sis right there in big read letters in the title.

"I knocked three times. I just figured you were either ignoring me or was dumb enough to bring more pot in the house and got stoned and fell asleep." Samantha explained as she closed the door behind her.

"I was asleep."

"Wow, that must have been a good one!" She laughed. "Knocked you right out."

"Shut up, sis."

"Hey," she put her hands up in a disarming gesture. "I'm not judging, a little me time at night helps me get to sleep."

"TMI!" he clapped his hands over his ears, trying to look offended even as his mind filled with his sister naked, legs spread, with that blue vibrator he'd found in her drawer while snooping one day, shoved inside her.

"Only fair seeing what I just walked into." She shrugged, and he had to force his eyes to remain on her face, not on her tits in the blue bikini top.

He couldn't have been asleep long. Not only was she still dressed the way she was outside, but still wet. Her long dark hair plastered to her creamy back and shoulders, and the shorts still much darker, and tighter, from her being tossed in the pool.

Samantha had a towel over her shoulder, but he could still see drops of moisture on her upper chest and when his eyes dipped lower, her stomach, and legs. Despite having just blown a load, his still dripping cock shifted in his boxers.

"Your fault for walking in," he even sounded flustered, but hopefully she would think that was from being caught one handed, and not because of how goddamn fuckable she looked right now.

"Guess we're even then for the shower a couple weeks ago," she walked closer, and his eyes gravitated to her bare feet, sending his mind reeling with the idea of those feet on his chest or shoulders as he pounded away on her, like he did in his stories.

"Yeah, sorry about that. Didn't mean to make you mad." He pointed to the window. "Sorry about earlier too. I wasn't really staring, I was just..."

"Oh, please!" She rolled her big blue eyes. "You were gawking, and I don't blame you. Trish is sexy as fuck. Wish I had big tits like that. She makes me look like a boy."

"There's nothing wrong with your tits."

"What?"

"I mean small tits!" he stammered. "Well, I don't mean like yours are small, but um, you know, not every guy likes big boobs, and you're kind of thin so..."

"Cole, stop talking," she put her finger up to enforce her words. "I don't know what the hell you're trying to say, but it sounds weird."

"Just nervous, was afraid mom or dad heard Trish and I was going to get bitched at."

"Nah, they didn't hear anything. I think they were in their room catching a nooner."

"Ugh!" This time his disgust wasn't feigned.

"I know, isn't it awful? Those two old farts are getting laid and we're jacking and jilling off." She sighed. "But, hey, good for them. I hope I marry someone who still wants me like that after twenty-five years and two pain in the ass kids."

"One, pain in the ass. I'm the only one ever in trouble," he lamented.

"Oh, poor, you." She clucked her tongue, mocking him, but then came up to him and put her hand on his forearm. "You're a good kid, Cole, you just don't think before you do things sometimes."

"Thanks, I guess." His eyes widened when he saw the computer come to life.

Samantha had put her other hand on his desk, next to the mouse and must have bumped it. She followed his gaze and stared at the final scene of the video, the sister smiling up at the camera with a load of sticky white 'frosting' all over her face.

To his relief, the title wasn't in view because he'd maximized the video and it had been at the top.

"Alrighty then." Samantha laughed. "Good times!"

"Whatever." He reached over and closed out the video, and his stomach twisted.

The other browser was still open to his Hot4mysis submission page with a full list of his story titles. He went to close it, but missed, and minimized it instead, but at least it was out of sight, leaving just his twitter feed visible from the last browser.

"Eighty followers?" She tapped his cheek. "That's sad, Cole. Suck at twitter, suck at life."

"You're a girl, all you have to do is post a picture of you in your slutty shorts and you get a hundred followers.

"Slutty," she repeated with an odd look on her face. She didn't say anything else but seemed to be thinking of something.

"Hit a nerve?" he prompted with a grin.

"What?" She blinked as if she were shaking off whatever she'd been thinking of.

"You said slutty and went away somewhere." He raised his eyebrows, "If you have some, you should share."

"I told you, I don't do stupid things at home where people could find them." She tapped his shoulder. "You're the one that's always getting your dumb shit found out."

"Please, Dad found out about your nipple ring, and barely said a word about it." He snapped his fingers. "Or about your big ass tramp stamp or your belly button or..."

"I'm older than you, Cole. I didn't get any of these things until I was over eighteen."

"I'm eighteen, but I get in trouble."

"Because you've always been in trouble. I get slack because I never did anything they didn't like until I was old enough to decide what I want to do with my body."

"Or you're just daddy's little girl," he muttered. "Miss do no wrong."

"What's with that shit, today? You're not grounded at the moment."

"I don't know, just stuff on my mind." Like you and your perfect little tits and long legs and that damn made for cock sucking mouth.

"Why are you home? Its Friday night, you should be going out. Not going to find a girlfriend in your room."

"You know I'm not good with girls."

"Well, get better with them. Being by yourself too long might make you get weird." She frowned. "Or maybe you already are."

"What's that supposed to mean?" He asked defensively. "And what about you? Been awhile since Todd. I know you have guys after you."

"I'm working a lot and that asshole went around telling some people I'm the one who cheated and was a slut, so right now I'd rather be alone. Especially because the guys who heard what he said think I'm easy, and that's why they're traying to get me to go out with them."

"He said that? What an asshole!" His anger wasn't fake. "I'll go kick his ass."

"He'd kill you, Cole." She told him matter-of-factly. "But thank you, anyway."

"Sure," he tried to focus on her face, but her breasts were eye level, and his cock was now doing more than stirring. He wanted to lean forward and kiss her stomach, then pull off that top. He could see the piercing through the material, and he longed to flick it with his tongue, or twist it, and make her yelp.

"I have something on me?" Samantha stared down at her chest.

"No," he shook his head quickly, most likely too quickly, but he'd been hiding behind the fact she'd never think her bother as looking at her for months and hoped it would still hold out. "Just my turn to stare off into space I guess."

"Space," she had that strange look again. "Yeah," she suddenly smiled. "What else would you be looking at?"

"Did you want something when you came in here?" Her behavior before she'd asked that question made him nervous. It felt as if she might have thought he was looking at her tits.

"Dad's going to grill up some steaks, and after dinner he wants us to set up the net for some pool badminton."

"Him and that game," he sighed. But nothing wrong with watching his sister splash around in her two piece bikini. He'd just have to make sure he stayed deep enough to hide his hard on as he played in a pool with his family.

"He does plenty for us. We can humor him. Guys against girls, so get ready to lose, little brother."

She looked at the computer and reached for it, causing his heart to race. But she pointed at the time display at the bottom. "Better head down with me, he told me ten minutes, and I can already smell food through the window."

"Right," he slowly rose, making sure his t-shirt was untucked to cover his crotch which between his erection and the thong still balled up in his underwear would be hard not to notice. "I just have to go to the bathroom, and I'll be right down."

"Let's go then." She gestured for him to follow her out of the room. "If you don't come with me, you'll end up on your phone or doing something else, and Dad will be down there yelling for you."

He followed her out of his room, taking in her ass, the backs of her long legs and the sweet little swing of her hips as she strolled out of his room.

"You coming?" she asked without turning around.

"Don't worry, sis," he joked as his eyes lingered on his sister's body. "I'm right behind you."

Chapter Four

Cole pulled into the driveway and was glad to see mom and dad weren't home. He'd just finished a 5am to 4:30 shift at home depot with the first four hours spent helping to unload trucks.

He was dog tired, and wanted nothing more than a shower, and a couple hours sleep. If the folks had been home they'd have either wanted him to hang out by the pool with them for some infamous 'family time' they seemed to push at him and Samantha more and more as they got older and had lives outside of the house and school.

Or worse, Dad would have soaked him into helping around the yard. But the coast was clear with only Samantha's car in the driveway, and she always stayed in her room or parked on the couch watching Netflix.

Cole entered the house, and after taking a few minutes to wolf down a couple of pieces of cold pizza left over from two nights ago and chug a coke, went upstairs. He passed by Samantha's room and paused.

It was five o'clock on Saturday. She worked every Saturday either from noon to eight or the six to two am. Either way she wouldn't be home. He wondered if she felt alright. Last night she'd barely picked at the steak and corn on the cob and didn't even touch Mom's homemade potato salad which had always been her favorite.

She played one game of badminton, but didn't seem herself and played like crap. When Mom wanted a rematch, she'd announced she was tired and wanted to lie down for a couple hours.

She never resurfaced, and now she was still home. He thought about knocking, but if she were sick and sleeping, he'd feel bad if he woke her up. He put his hand on her knob, and tried to turn it, but as always, it was locked.

Cole went down the hall and to his room where he rummaged around in his drawer for a clean pair of shorts to don after he took a shower. When he found them, he turned around, and flinched in surprise at the sight of Samantha standing in his doorway.

"Hey, little brother, you have a minute for your big sister?"

"Sure." He gestured for her to come in. "You feeling okay?"

"No, not really," she replied as she walked into his room.

She might not feel right, but she looked damn fine. Samantha must be heading to work late as she wore a pair of tight hot pink spandex shorts, and a skintight Hello Kitty sleeveless top that like the rest of her 'work shirts' left her stomach bare.

The ensemble was tipped off by a pair of heeled sandals with straps that buckled around her ankles. He'd looked quickly, but when he pushed his eyes upward to her face, he couldn't help stopping at her tits.

She wasn't wearing a bra.

The shirt not only showed off the outline of her small tits, but he could clearly see the hoop poking through the shirt. He was unable to avoid gawking at her, and blushed furiously when she asked, "Everything okay with you?"

"Yeah, yeah!" He managed to get his eyes up to her face where he noticed her lips were painted a deep red, and she wore hot pink eye shadow, and added some blush to her cheeks, although it paled compared to how red he was sure his face was at the moment.

Samantha rarely wore make-up and when she did it was never this heavy. He wondered if she were skipping work to go out with her friends. No, she wouldn't dress like this to go out. Real life Samantha wasn't the slutty sis who graced the pages of Literotica.

"You look nervous."

"No, you just scared me, I thought you were sleeping."

She pointed to his bed. "Sit down, I need to ask you something."

"Okay." He tossed his shorts on the bed and sat down next to them. "What's up?"

"That's a really funny question." She said, but without a hint of a smile. "Cole, how do I look?"

"Uh...fine, I guess," he replied vaguely when the reality was, she looked so fucking good he'd probably spank it in the shower, and not even wait to watch a video.

"Yeah? Like this outfit?" She did a slow turn for him, and he swallowed hard at how snug the shorts were and how they left the tip of her ass cheeks exposed. When she stopped, he noticed for the first time, she had the purple case containing her I-Pad in her left hand.

"Its okay for your job." He forced a laugh. "Not sure Dad would let you go anywhere else in it."

"No? Too bad, I was thinking of wearing this to Trish's party next week." When he wasn't sure what to say, she continued.

"Figured I'd just start wearing my work clothes wherever I go. See how much attention I get." She smiled, but something about it, had him on edge. "I do like attention. Think I'll get it?"

"I'd say so."

"Good," she walked slowly over to him, her sandals clicking on the floor. "You're my brother so if you think it looks good, other guys will, right?"

"If that's what you want." Was she stoned or something?

"What I want is to know what you really think." She stepped up between his legs putting her nipples directly in front of his face. "I thought Hello Kitty was your favorite?"

"I...don't remember saying that." At least not to her.

"I think Hello Kitty is kind of sexy. I know it's meant for kids, but girls look really hot in it, don't they?"

"Depends on the girl."

"What about this girl?" She tapped her chest with a long nail painted the same hot pink as her shorts. "How does it look on me?"

"Um, well..." How to play this? Pretend he didn't notice the lack of bra? It was painfully obvious she didn't have one on, and it might seem wrong if he didn't point it out in the sense of it being wrong.

"What's with not wearing a bra?" he gambled. Folks would be apeshit they saw you out of the house like that."

"Then maybe I should just stay here." She put her hand on his shoulder. "Hang out with my little brother." She leaned over and his eyes widened when she got so close, he swore she was going to kiss him.

Instead her lips went to his ear.

"Could be fun, spending time together. You like hanging with your big sis, right?"

"Did you just toke up?" He could hear the tremor in his voice.

This close he could smell her strawberry shampoo, as well as whatever perfume she was wearing. Some of her long curly hair tickled his arm, and her lips were so close to his ear he could feel her warm breath.

His cock was on the rise and his heart pounding. He had the insane thought that he was in one of his own stories.

"Nope, I feel just fine." She squeezed his bicep. "You do too, my not so little anymore brother."

"What's going on?"

"Nothing. Can't a girl want to get close to her brother? Can't she ask him if she looks good?" she sighed in his ear and the sound gave him goosebumps. "Can't I want to look good for you?"

"What the hell kind of game are you playing?" he blurted.

After months of lusting after her, to have her come in dressed like this and acting weird was too much for him. His frustration even leant a proper amount of indignation to his voice, as if he were annoyed with her, and not himself.

"Game," she repeated, then straightened up. "Know what, Cole? You're right. I'm playing a game with you. I was hoping if I played long enough, I'd trip you up, and get you to admit it to me."

"Admit what?" His throat grew so tight with sudden nerves, the words came out in a whisper.

"I don't know, maybe that cool little hobby you started a few months ago." She flipped the case to the I-Pad open and sliding the screen open, showed it to him.

"You know? This?"

"Oh, fuck me," Cole whispered when he saw his Hot4sis homepage.

"Oh. No, Cole. Not fuck you, fuck me!" Samantha shouted. "Because according to these filthy goddamn stories that's all you want to do is fuck me!"

"I..."

"Don't even bother!" She snapped the I-Pad shut.

"You sick little fuck! I'm your sister! What the hell is wrong with you?"

When he didn't answer, she swatted him in the side of the head with the I-Pad, causing him to grunt in pain.

"Do you have any idea how fucking disgusting this is? How wrong it is?" She waved her arms angrily and he put his hands up, thinking she was going to hit him again. "Do you know how goddamn stupid it is?"

"Samantha, I'm sorry! I...didn't mean..."

"You didn't mean for me to find them. That's the only thing you didn't mean!" She hissed at him. Her blue eyes blazing, and her lips turned into a scowl.

"I saw this yesterday before you minimized it. I wasn't sure what I saw. I told myself I didn't see what I thought I did. Then I caught you staring at my tits, and thought, holy shit I might have seen it right."

"As usual, you're stupid and careless. I got you out of the room before you could close it, and said I was tired so I could come up here and look." She took a deep breath. "I was so sick last night I couldn't even look at you."

"Sis..."

"Don't call me that! You and your scummy little readers get a fucking rod everytime they hear that word."

"Okay, Samantha. I know this is fucked up. But..."

"There are no buts! Know why I waited until today to tell you? Because I knew Mom and Dad were going out, so I told work I'd be a couple hours late. This way no one's home and I can scream at you as much as I want!"

He nodded numbly as she turned away from him, swinging her arms and yelling.

"Slutty Samantha! Twenty-eight chapters and counting! Every one of them with me doing dirty disgusting things to my brother." She paused and laughed harshly. "Or should I say well-hung brother? Because you say that about ten fucking times a story!"

"You read them?"

"I read enough to know how sick you are!" She came back over to him, and he yelped when she grabbed his hair, and held his head up to look at her. "Making me blow you, begging you to fuck me, fucking me in the ass? Treating me like a cheap fucking whore? That's what gets you off?"

"Look, I deserve this." He went to grab her hand. "But..."

"This is what you deserve!"

Cole cried out more in surprise then pain when she slapped him in the face.

"Slutty fucking Samantha!" She punctuated each word with a hard slap, and all to the back of his head. "You fucking asshole!"

She raised her hand again, and he lowered his head, waiting for another slap, one that didn't come.

"You..." Samantha stepped back, staring down at him, and so angry her mouth moved, but nothing was coming out.

"You," she tried again. "Sick, stupid, twisted little..." She raised her arm, then lowered it.

She spun around, and he cringed when she screamed the word "Fuck!" She repeated the obscenity twice more, and each time louder than the last. She had her back to him, and he could see her shoulders rising as she tried to take deep breaths.

He remained where he was, and between shame, and at this point being outright afraid of her, he didn't know what else to do.

"Okay," she turned to face him. "Okay."

"I..." She looked down at him once more, and her shoulders slumped. "I'm sorry I hit you, Cole."

"I deserve it." He told her. "You want to hit me again?" He lifted his chin. "Go ahead."

"You do deserve it, but that doesn't make it right. You're still my brother, just not in the weird fucking way you want to be."

"I'm sorry, Samantha. I don't know why I started thinking of you like that, but the stories kind of helped me get it out."

"Cole, I think you know how sick this is. But this isn't just about your twisted little kink. There's two other big goddamn problems here."

"Mom and Dad?"

"We'll get to them," she warned, and his stomach twisted so hard he thought he was going to be sick. Not only grounded for damn life, but he'd be so ashamed, and they'd stick him in therapy.

"Do you know how stupid this is?" She shook the I-Pad. "You not only used our names, but Rhode Island, that I go to Johnson and Wales, you work at Home Depot, and you described me down to my tats and piercings."

She laughed, and again there was no humor in it.

"You on the other hand, except for your eyes being the same color as mine, all we know about you is this huge dick you claim to have. But this is a small fucking state, Cole. What if some other sister loving freak from around here reads it?"

"I didn't think of that." He admitted.

"You never think. Imagine Dad coming home ballistic because someone sent him this link and said, 'Hey, are these your kids?"

"Damn."

"Yeah, you moron, damn is right." She pointed to his computer behind them. "First thing you're going to do is to delete everyone of those shitty fucking stories."

"I..."

"You what? What's the matter, Cole? You proud of them? You get off on people as fucked up as you telling you how hot they are? I spent last night reading a bunch of comments. They just can't wait to see what happens to your dimwit slut of a sister next!"

"I'll delete them, but it takes time."

"Five to seven days." She nodded. "I read up on it through your page. But that's okay. It just means I have a couple days to decide if I'm showing them to Mom and Dad."

"You can't do that!" He rose to his feet. "Come on, sis!"

"Come on sis? There's a lot of cum on me in those stories, isn't there? Guess when you have the world's biggest dick like story Cole does, it makes those...what do you call them? Ropes of thick white semen?" She made a gagging sound. "Where the hell did you get that stupid shit?'

"Porn," he sighed. "I stopped using it after people made fun of it."

"Wow, constructive criticism on a sight filled with inbreeder wannabes! That's just great!"

"They're not sick people. Its fantasy, Samantha. Just a harmless way to get out some dirty thoughts a lot of people have."

"I'd give you that," She nodded. "If you weren't using the two of us in your stories! You're not writing about a sister; you're writing about your sister."

"They don't know that."

"I do!" She shouted again, then put her hand up as if trying to literally hold her anger back. "I guess you barging into the bathroom wasn't an accident was it, Cole?"

"No." He may as well fess up, seeing he was already fucked.

"And you were staring at me yesterday, not Trish."

"Right."

"Not even looking at a hot redhead with epic tits. Too busy starting at your damn sister."

"You're hotter." He looked away as soon as he said it.

"If you think I'm flattered, you're crazier than I thought you were. Let me guess, my favorite thong that vanished?"

"I have it. I..."

"I know what you do with it." She shuddered. "So gross."

"I don't know what to say."

"You don't say anything, you just listen." She resumed pacing the room, but more slowly, and her voice was much calmer than it had been. "Have to give it to you Cole, you have some imagination."

"Some of those stories were pretty creative. I like the one where you accidently took Dad's Viagra, and I had to help you get the swelling down." She clapped. "That was a good one."

"The one where you found out I was sucking cocks through a gloryhole to get into a sorority and you showed up was fun too." She shot him a look that told him she found it anything but.

"Riding for a ride, sucking you off to take the blame for vase you broke in real life. Hand jobs, a foot job! You even like my feet, you whacko."

"But you know what really upsets me the most about all this?"

"Everything?" he suggested.

"True, but one thing more than the rest. I guess by how popular that shit is, there's a lot of people who have a little thing for their brother or sister. So maybe, just maybe, I could try to understand that."

"Being so stupid that you put the real us in those stories, is worse because what if someone we knew found them?"

"I'm going to get rid of them."

"From that site. People steal shit all the time from websites and change the titles and you'll never find them all or be able to get them taken down. You ever think of that?"

"No."

"So slutty Samantha is going to live forever on some shady porn site, and we have to hope you're the only creep in Rhode Island who searches for those stories wherever they can."

"I'll try and search and..."

"What's done is done, Cole. You'll never find them all. Just like I'm never going to be able to look at you the same. From now on every time you look at me, I'm going to feel dirty. Going to wonder what sick shit I'm doing in your head."

"I'm sorry, sis, I really am," he said softly.

"You should be, because you didn't just make me feel differently about you, but you hurt me Cole. You really hurt me."

"I know its weird and embarrassing, and I kept it from you, but I think you're being a little dramatic."

"Wow, you have balls in real life that might even be bigger than the giant ones your readers think you have." She came over to him, and looking him in the eye, spoke quietly.

"The worst thing about this is how you treat me."

"I'm not mean to you, sis." Cole told her.

"You said the stories are fantasies, and that means it's how you want me to be. In those stories I'm stupid, I look trashy, and I'm the biggest slut in school."

"That's just, you know..." he trailed off when he realized he didn't have a real answer for why he made her that way.

"I'm so slutty I fuck my brother to avoid getting grounded. I'm so stupid that you repeatedly trick me into sex. Then the sex itself? You humiliate me! You degrade me and treat me like I'm some goddamn whore or some barfly you picked up at last call."

Cole frowned when he heard her voice getting shaky and saw her eyes filling up. He understood, her being angry. Hitting him didn't bother him that much either, he did deserve it. Seeing her start to cry it began to dawn on him what a dick move those stories really were. Not that he'd planned on her seeing him, but since she had he felt a wave of guilt come over him.

"You call me a skank, and a pig, make me call myself those names. In one of those stories you threaten to tell Dad about something I did if I don't crawl on my hands and knees and refer to myself as my brother's cum dumpster."

She wiped her hand across her moist eyes. "Even one of your lame fans called that out and said it was no way to treat your sister."

"I didn't realize it was a big deal." He tried to take her hand, but she pulled it away from him.

"I have to confess something. I read a few other stories on there. I wanted to see if the others were like yours. Maybe if they were, I'd feel a little better. That it was part of the kink. Know what though?"

Tears were now flowing down her cheeks and her voice was trembling.

"Some of those stories had affection in them. The brother kissed his sister, he was sweet to her. He didn't just want to fuck her, he wanted to love her. One story the brother described how he was choked up when he woke up with his sister in his arms.

"It's still twisted as hell, but what that told me was the people writing those stories? They thought a lot better of their story sister or maybe even their real sister than you do of me."

She lowered her head, for a minute and sobbed, and he felt his eyes welling up at the fact he'd made her cry.

"That's what I am to you. An air headed bimbo, who looks like trailer trash, is a total slut, and spends her time getting treated like some worthless cumslut so sleazy she doesn't even get paid to take that abuse and by her own brother."

"Samantha, I didn't mean to hurt you, you have to believe that," he pleaded with her.

"I'm good to you, Cole. I'm not perfect, I can be a little bitchy, and a little bossy and make fun of you sometimes. But as much trouble as you get in for stupid shit, you could be in a lot more, but I cover for you whenever I can. I help you when you need it, I give you advice, I look out for you."

"I know, and..."'

"Wasn't I the one that helped you with Katy? Told you to hold her hand, and give her a little kiss on the neck just because, and be good to her so she'd be good to you?"

"You did." He sighed.

"I did that because I thought you were a good guy. A good guy like dad who after all these years still treats mom like gold. I wanted you to be that way, but those stories? You're more like that cheating asshole Todd, than Dad. Todd told stories about me being a slut too."

She bit back another sob. "Slutty Samantha, guess I could have expected that from him, but not my own brother who I thought loved me."

"I do love you."

"That isn't love in those stories, its not even just lust. Its being mean to me because you can't have me, and that's bullshit, Cole, because you're not supposed to even want me, let alone be with me. Thanks for making me feel cheap and for letting me know how you really see me."

She turned away from him and walked towards the door.

"Now I have to go to work, but in case you're wondering I'm going to put a bra on. I did that to see if you'd look. Then again, maybe I should leave it off, make some extra tips. Hey, I know! Maybe I'll suck a few guys off behind the club, I heard that's something I would do."

"Samantha!" He called out as she reached the hallway outside his room.

"What Cole?" She asked without turning around. "You want to tell me what a fine ass I have?"

"No, I'm sorry."

"I am too, Cole, sorry I found those damn stories."

"You...are you going to tell Mom and Dad?"

"I just told you how much you hurt me, and you're worried about you?" She turned to face him. "I should tell them. It would serve you right for what you did, but I'll think about it. Tell you what, little brother, you're going to have to hope for one thing."

"What's that?" He asked nervously.

"That I care about you more than you care about me."

Chapter Five

Cole jerked awake at the sound of a car door outside. He got out of his chair and peeked out his window, but saw it was only Billy next door, coming home from work. He slumped back in the chair and rubbed his red eyes.

He'd try to stay awake so he could talk to Samantha, but it was 2:30am and she wasn't home yet. He wondered if she'd decided to go over Trish's from work rather come home.

He must have finally dozed off sometime after one, which surprised him considering how shitty he felt. His stomach was nauseous from being nervous every waking minute since Samantha had confronted him.

His head ached from her whacking him with the I-pad, then repeatedly smacking. For a skinny girl, she could hit. But he had it coming. The yelling, her hitting him like back when they were little kids, and if she decided to tell his parents, then he'd deserve whatever they'd do to him.

But what really bothered him now and had him hoping she would even talk to him when she got home, was something she'd said.

She didn't deserve it.

Until she'd broke down in tears, something he hadn't seen her do since her first boyfriend broke up with her. Cole had never thought about how his stories could affect her. If they were ever read by someone who knew them, it wouldn't be good for either of them.

But it would be far worse for her. She'd be the girl who was used like a cheap slut by her own brother. Sure, he'd hear some 'sister fucker' cracks, but guys were a simple lot and he'd also get some "Damn, you fucked your sister in the ass, good for you!" Or "I wish I could shove my dick in my sister's mouth to shut her up"

He knew this from the comments on his stories.

Samantha's emotional lecture to him had caused him to go back to his comments and see them differently. Although he did get a small handful of comments from women along the lines of 'wish my brother would treat me like that" or "I'd like to be Cole's slutty sister"

But far and away, most of his comments were from guys and along the lines of they love to give it to their bitch sister like that. Cole was a hero to them, a younger brother who not only didn't deal with his big sister's crap, but treated her like shit to get revenge for...

For what? What had Samantha ever done to him? It wasn't her fault she'd become an object of desire to her brother. Not her fault he'd spent the last few months consumed with sexual frustration that he took out on make believe Samantha.

She'd told him she'd deserved better than this, and she did. Aside from your every day sibling bickering or teasing, his sister had never screwed him over, been unduly mean to him, and even as kids she was never a rat.

Samantha had helped him with Katy to the point she'd invited her older sister over to one of their cook outs and casually added "Why don't you bring your sister" She'd then all but shoved Cole in Katy's face telling him if he didn't ask her out, she'd do it for him.

She'd done that because she didn't want her shy brother to be lonely, she wanted him to be with a nice girl. Dad had the sex talk with him, condoms, the pill, being responsible, and to always treat a woman right in any way you could.

But Samantha had gone a little further, telling him how to be 'sweet' that girls like their hands held, and the soft little kiss on the shoulder or neck, or if you could, on her back, playing with her hair, soft touches, and showing affection, not just lust.

Flowers not for birthday's or holidays, but just because. He'd done all that with Katy, and it seemed to work out fine, until she'd chosen year-round beaches and a cushy family job over remaining here with him.

But how mad could he be? He was picturing his sister every time they had sex the last couple months before she made her announcement. Cole had spent the night doing a lot of thinking, and he realized there might be more than just sexual taboo lust that had put him on the path to his weird incestuous desires.

Samantha wasn't just 'hot' she was pretty, but not a diva, or girly girl, as she called it. She had a little bit of tom boy in her and had a fuck you attitude to anyone that didn't like her, that he admired.

Unlike story sis, Samantha was a good student, who'd gotten several small scholarships to help with college. She was funny in a smart-ass way, good to their parents, him, and there wasn't anything she wouldn't do for her friends.

She worked hard, studied hard, and according to that sex talk she'd overheard her have with Trish, played just as hard. Real life Samantha was an attractive, and all around amazing young woman.

The kind of girl any guy would want for her looks, but any decent guy would adore for the whole package. As all that had spun through his mind, he'd not only realized how he'd never appreciated her for who she was, but it answered her question to him about why he would write about her the way he did.

The answer was he was jealous of her.

His lust for her fueled the sex parts of his stories, but it was her success and his lack of that caused him to portray her so poorly. While she'd been yelling at him, and even when she was crying, he hadn't been able to explain himself, because at that moment, he didn't have the answer.

Now he did, and he had to tell her. He didn't deserve her forgiving him, but at least it was better than him sitting there with no response other than to worry about his own ass. Making Cole more nervous was his folks, for some inexplicable reason, were still up in the living room.

They were probably binge watching some show, but he was afraid when Samantha came home, she might say something to them. Not that he'd blame her, but he really hoped to talk to her one more time before she decided whether she was going to expose him for being the pervert he was.

He decided to try and stay awake by doing something he should have done a few hours ago and delete the stories. Cole had to admit as he brought his home page up, he'd miss the good votes and comments.

He was a success there, not that there were high standards on a free erotica site, but the readers gave him some positive affirmations that he didn't get too often in the real world. He felt like Hot4sis was 'someone' on Literotica.

A newcomer shooting up in popularity, and as he looked, had just gained nine more new readers as followers. He noticed over a dozen new comments on Sis rides for a ride which had gone live yesterday morning, which seemed like forever ago.

He scrolled through the comment notifications which showed the username, and the title of the comment. He didn't want to read any because it might make him feel worse that he was wiping all his work out.

He stopped at one and grunted. Timing was everything. The user was 'Loving brother' who also wrote brother/sister stories, but romantic ones. He was the one who left the "That's no way to treat your sister" comment.

He was way up the fav charts and the stuff of legend on Literotica. If Samantha had skimmed some 'affectionate' sib stories last night, odds are at least a couple were by this author as he was at the top in all the sib searches.

The title was "I still don't understand"

He clicked it to read the full message.

"Your stories are well written, and with premises that could be fun...if you weren't so damn crude. I know there is something for everyone here, and don't like to denigrate other people's taste, but stories that humiliate and demean one's sister, appall me.

A sister is everything, she is family, she is a playmate, a friend, and a confidant. The bond between siblings, if your lucky, exceeds that of the bond between parent and child because even if one is a little older, you are peers, and the love is as equals, without the control and authority dynamic of your relationship with a parent.

The luckiest of us get to add lover to the list of things a sister can be. The gift of your sister's body and heart is the greatest gift in the world and should not be reduced to her being shown as some hapless whore who exists to be treated like some kind of sex slave.

I write on this site and am no prude when it comes to hardcore sex, raunchy talk, and even some playful name calling in the heat of lust. But that works best when tempered with loving touches, soft words, and a beautiful post coital embrace where two become one.

I don't expect you to change your style, just making you aware there are other dynamics you could, and should, explore. Many here have feelings for a sibling-or other family member-and its why we write, read, and get off here.

We write our secret desires and deepest fantasies, and if you do indeed have a sister and these stories are what you crave to be reality, well 'Cole', I feel bad for your sister."

"Jesus, buddy," Cole said aloud. "Were you in my room last night?"

He'd seen similar comments on the site, and about every dynamic; mom's, daughter's, dad's and all the rest, but they'd never meant anything to him. After last night, he understood what they meant and why that angle could be even hotter.

He'd never considered a scenario where his sister came to him willingly wanting to have sex with him, or any sex that wasn't hard core XXX and didn't contain shitty comments and name calling.

He found himself wondering what his sister would be like in bed, and not just her ability to suck and fuck. Did she enjoy kissing? Where did she liked to be kissed? Where would she kiss him? What would she sound like saying sweet things, and not dirty things? His sister not just as some taboo fucktoy, but a...girlfriend.

Cole was pulled from his reverie by another car door, and this one closer. He peeked out and Samantha was walking along the driveway. For the first time in months he wasn't watching her ass, or her legs in the heeled sandals, but where she was going.

Normally she would come in through the back door that led into the kitchen so she wouldn't have to pass their folks bedroom while they were sleeping. But seeing the living room lit up with the TV she was going in through the front.

Just to say goodnight or to throw him under the bus? At the sound of the front door closing downstairs, Cole left his bedroom. He padded down the hall in his stocking feet and crept down the staircase until it turned sharply and led downstairs.

For years, he and Samantha would eaves drop on their parents, especially if they thought they were in trouble or around Christmas, trying to overhear what they were getting.

"Hey, Sammi!" Dad greeted her, the only person who could call her that and not get the look of death. "How was work?"

"Busy, but okay," he heard her respond.

"Are you okay?" Mom asked. "You said you were tired last night, and we never saw you come down, and you were gone when we got back tonight."

"I'm fine."

"You don't look fine," Dad noted, "You look like something's wrong."

"Just tired."

"You don't look tired, you look upset." Mom chimed in. "That piece of work, Todd, come by and say anything to you?"

"No, I told the bouncers if he shows up to kick his ass."

"That's my girl!" Dad clapped loudly.

"What's up then?" Mom wasn't letting it go. "I know you, honey, and you look like something is on your mind."

Cole's stomach turned again, but Samantha's reply was,

"Nothing's going on, just working a lot, still mad about Todd, and kind of tired."

"You sure?" Dad sent a chill down his spine with his next words. "Your brother giving you a hard time? I know when you guys fight you don't like us to get involved."

"Nah, Cole's fine." The feeling of relief that flowed through him was palpable. "Barely see each other with our summer schedules."

"You're not covering up, are you?" Damn it, Mom, let it go, he wanted to yell. "You bailed pretty quick last night, and it's the first time the four of us got to do anything together in a couple weeks."

"Cole has nothing to do with it, know why?" Samantha was getting 'the tone' as Dad referred to it. "Because there is nothing to have anything to do with. I'm fine!"

"That says otherwise," Dad replied. "But okay, you're a big girl and if you don't want any help with whatever's going on that's fine. But you know we're here, right?"

"I do, and I appreciate it, but its nothing I can't handle."

"There is something!" Mom snapped her fingers, making Cole's nerves rise again.

"But its her something." Dad came in to save the day. "Until she decides she needs our advice or help, we'll keep it that way."

"Thanks, Dad."

Cole heard her kiss them both goodnight and the sound of her heels approached the stairs. He bolted back up the stairs but didn't go back to his room. He waited near her bedroom door, and when she came around the corner, he put his hand up in an awkward wave.

"Hey, sis, I need to talk to you."

"I don't want to talk to you."

She reached for the door, but he stepped in front of her.

"Please? I'll be quick. I just want to tell you something."

"Cole. You need to get out of my way." Her eyes had that hard look, and she spoke in the same tone she'd just flashed on their parents. "There's nothing you can say to make this better."

When he stood there, she poked him in the chest. "Move. Now."

"Well, um, maybe tomorrow?" He moved away from the door.

"Maybe not. But while you're out here, I am going to get some clothes and take a shower. I will triple check that I locked the door and might even put the step ladder under the damn knob."

"Come on, I'm not going to do anything."

"When I come out, I'll be wearing what I'll probably be wearing anytime you're home from now on. Sweatpants, a baggy ass shirt, and socks." She nodded. "Yup socks, because somehow even my feet get you horny."

"Okay, I get it."

"I'm going to buy a new doorknob, one with a key so I can lock it when I'm not home. That way I never have to worry about you stealing my thongs or snooping in my room." She stared at him pointedly.

"You mentioned slutty Samantha's pretty blue vibrator in one your stories, so I know you were in my drawer." She grunted in disgust. "Now I have to throw it away because knowing you, you probably sucked on it."

"I'm not that..."

"Good night, Cole." She entered her room and shut the door in his face. He heard the lock click, and with a sigh he went back to his room.

He flopped onto his bed, and a minute later heard Samantha walk past his door. The bathroom door closed, and he heard the hot water running. Up until last night, he'd be laying there thinking about his sister's body covered in soapy water and picturing her playing with herself in the shower.

He briefly thought of the chapter he'd written where story Cole unclogged the drain that was full of her hair, so his father wouldn't yell at her again for continuing to clog it. As a reward he had her shower with him and give him a nice soapy hand job.

He then washed her, and by then was hard again, because story Cole could go all damn night of course, and fucked her against the shower wall. Now all he could really think about was if his sister was ever going to talk to him again.

He remained awake, and heard the water stop. Cole found himself back on his feet and going to his door. He had to talk to her tonight. He heard the bathroom door open again and stepped out of his room.

"Hey!"

"Oh, for fuck's sake!" Samantha exclaimed. "Do I have to yell down to Dad that you're aggravating me?"

"Please!" He put his hands up. "I...I need to tell you something! I should have said it before, but I didn't even know it until the things you said to me." And the wisdom of good old Loving Brother.

"Cole, what we need to do is never talk about this again. That way maybe at some point down the line I can forget about it enough to be able to be around you without wanting to punch you in the head."

While she spoke, Cole noticed she hadn't been kidding. She wore a pair of Red Sox pajama pants and a ratty over sized bruins T-shirt. True to her word, she had a pair of pink slipper socks on. Samantha hadn't worn anything on her feet in years, walking around barefoot even in the winter despite mom griping at her.

She went to move around him, and desperate for her to stop, he dropped to his knees her and put his hands together as if he were praying.

"Please, sis? Please! Just a couple minutes!"

"Get up."

"I know I don't deserve you even looking at me right now."

"That's true." She nodded.

"I'm an asshole, a pervert, an ungrateful piece of shit that you should hate for the rest of your life."

"Getting a little dramatic," she sighed.

"Just hear me out and I'll never talk to you again unless you say something to me first." He lowered his head and rested it against her thigh. "Please, Samantha?"

"Jesus Christ." She stepped away so quickly he almost fell over, but when he got to his feet, she pointed to her room. "Fine, let's go in my room because I sure as hell don't want to be in yours again."

"Thank you!" He followed her to her room, and she spoke without turning around to look at him.

"All I know is if you're trying to check me out back there and see anything even remotely sexy, you're sicker than I thought."

"Nah, I think someone would need a GPS to find you in there."

"After they use it to find your decency."

"Ouch," he sighed. He was in for months of this, and he couldn't dispute that she'd earned the right to do it.

They went into her room and she closed the door behind her, pointing to her desk for him to sit, as she sat on the edge of her bed.

"You got two minutes."

"You asked me why I would treat you that way." He got right to it. "I didn't have an answer because honestly? I didn't know. It didn't even occur to me that making you out to be kind of skanky and slutty was wrong."

"If this is you trying to help yourself, you're doing it wrong."

"But when you started crying and said how it made you feel. I did think about it, and I'm going to be honest and tell you that the comment on my story about that's not the way to treat your sister stuck with me."

"Your adoring public."

"That guy doesn't adore me, and he left me another comment about how a sister should be treated like she's special."

"I like that guy." She shrugged. "Too bad I didn't have him for a brother. Maybe I'd get a kiss before I got told to spread my cheeks and play with my ass for you."

"God, how much did you read?"

"Keep going because so far I don't see why I'm listening."

"I treated you like that because I'm jealous of you."

"Jealous?" She narrowed her eyes. "Of what?"

"What do you mean of what? You had straight A's in High School, and I barely got through. You're in the college you wanted to go to and already working with what you want to do. I'm working full time at home depot because I don't even know what I want to do yet.

"You never get in trouble, you have a ton of friends, you've got guys lined up to date you, and I've had one girlfriend in my life who just dumped me so she can get a yearlong tan in California!"

"You're smart, you're beautiful, and I know I shouldn't say it, but its not a secret that I think you're sexy. Shit, sis, you're a goddamn boss at whatever you do!"

"I...guess." She shrugged. "Never thought about it."

"But I do because I'm the one always doing stupid shit, almost staying back a couple years ago, don't have many friends, and Mom and Dad are always disappointed in me, and you being so damn perfect makes it worse."

He put his hand up when it looked like she was going to say something, before he continued, he was surprised to see his hand shaking.

"I'm not blaming you. I wish I was half as good as you. Oh, Samantha? Honor roll again! Just bought her a new car for graduation because she was valedictorian! Cole? Yeah, he squeaked by, college? No, he's taking some time to decide what he wants to be when he grows up."

"Cole, that's you saying that."

"Because its true!" His voice rose unexpectedly. "Don't you get where I'm going? I made the story you a loser, because in real life I'm the goddamn loser! I'm the bad kid, the dumb kid, the unpopular kid, the kid that can't get laid!"

"Hey, calm down." Samantha put her hand out and lowered it. "Mom and Dad might still be up."

"Then I'll get in trouble for being loud too. I just got so frustrated at you always being the good kid and me being the pathetic let down, that I took it out on you in the stories! I made you into me. I made you the idiot, and I got to be the good one and treat you like a loser!"

"But...the sex?" She asked. "How did that happen?"

"I...I heard you getting laid one night when you had Todd here. I listened at the door. I don't even know why, but I started having dreams about you, then it was when I was awake, then I started watching brother sister porn and found Literotica."

"I was so frustrated, walking around hard anytime you were in the room and wanting you so bad, even though I know how wrong it is. I started writing those stories to get that out, and I guess the other stuff came out too, and I didn't even see it. Now you think I see you as a dumb slut, but that's only because I'm so goddamn jealous of you and so tired of being a fucking loser!"

His voice had been cracking, and at the word loser, it broke, and he was aware there were tears on his cheek.

"Hey, Cole," Samantha got off the bed and coming over, knelt in front of him so she could look him in the eye. "Stop that, you're not a loser."

"Are you kidding? I'm whacking off to my sister three times a day, and into your damn thong like a reject from one of those stories or movies! My answer to that is to treat you like its your fault. I'm pathetic!"

"You're not. Don't talk like that." She put her hands on his shoulders. "Cole, I'm mad as hell at you, but I'm still your sister and I don't want you thinking about yourself like that."

"Look at this!" he snapped at her. "Everything I wrote about you, and did behind your back, and you're trying to make me feel better! This is why I'm so mad!"

He looked at her and could barely get the next words out. "Why do you have to be so good to me when I've been such a dick?"

"Because I'm your big sister." She reached past him and grabbed a tissue from the box on her desk.

She wiped his cheeks off. "You're an asshole sometimes, and a lousy brother recently, but you're my asshole lousy brother."

"I just wanted you to know. I don't think of you like that, Samantha. You're incredible. You're everything I'd want in a girl right down to being a bad girl for someone who'll be good to you."

"Huh?" She blinked. "Where did you get that?"

"I spied on you and Trish one night and you guys were talking about what you liked to do with guys."

"Oh." She whistled. "If you were already thinking dirty about me that couldn't have helped." She sighed. "I can be a little porn star wannabe with the right guy, but Todd sure as hell wasn't and didn't deserve what he got. I'm holding out for a long time with the next guy."

"Todd didn't deserve you. The guy that does would have to be really special."

"That's sweet, Cole." She put her hand on his once again moist cheek. "I'm glad I let you talk and now I know the real reason you were mean to your fiction sister."

"But it still doesn't change that I want you, and have been being pervy and gross, and was so stupid I put the real us in those stories. I'd never want anyone to think you're that way in real life." He lowered his head. "I'm so sorry, sis. I wish I could take it back."

"You can't, and I'm not going to say it's okay, but you made me feel a little better about it." She paused, but he kept his head down. "You said want me, not wanted. You going to keep seeing me that way?"

"I'll try and get past it. If I can't I swear I'll go to talk to someone, that stuff's confidential, right?

"It is, but maybe you'll get it out of your system after this."

"Maybe, but its hard with you around."

"I gathered that." There was another pause and she laughed. "Come on, that was kind of funny."

'Yeah," he found himself grinning. "Not bad."

"I'd say I'd try and act different, but I don't think I'm any kind of a tease." She frowned. "Am I?"

"Only because your brother looks at you like a sexy girl who happens to be my sister."

"Best of both worlds according to what I see on that site."

"How many stories did you read by other people?"

"Oh, not much." She looked away from him, and he had a feeling she was lying. "I just browsed that section. Kind of interesting, but you know, like train wreck interesting, not wow, that's hot interesting."

"I'm going to go," he got up, quickly moving away from her before he could think about her face being level with his crotch. "Thanks for listening."

"Thanks for being honest." She stood up and tapped his chest. "I want you to listen to me. You're not a loser. You're a little immature sometimes, and don't think. Your problem with girls is just that you're shy. You'll get better with both as you get older, but neither makes you a loser. You're a good guy, Cole."

"For a guy who thinks his sister is hot."

"Hey, I am irresistible." She winked. "So hot I even got my brother turned on."

"We shouldn't joke about it." He sighed.

"Would you rather me go back to yelling and slapping you?"

"Nope!" He rubbed his head. "Got a bump."

"Poor you, at least there's not stories on the net about you being fucked in the ass." She put her finger up. "Which for your information I have never done. No guy has been that special."

"No comment," he told her, trying not to picture it. "And I put them in to be deleted. They should be gone by Thursday, Friday the latest."

"Good."

"Sis," he looked away. "What about Mom and Dad?"

"I don't know," she replied quietly. "I'm not as mad as I was, but this is pretty serious."

"Guess I'm at your mercy."

"You are." A sudden smile appeared on her face. "Hmm, maybe I'll give you a taste of your own medicine."

"What's that mean?" he asked nervously.

"We'll make this like one of your stories. I could get you in serious trouble with the folks, but maybe I won't if you do something for me."

"What's that? Chores? I'll do anything."

"Careful," she warned. "You don't know what I might want."

"Whatever it is I'll do it."

"You'll do anything for your big sister?" She gave him a sly smile.

"Sure."

"We'll see about that now, won't we?" She took his arm and walked him to the door.

He frowned when he reached the hallway. "I don't like that look."

"You don't have to." She laughed and added, "Oh, wait, maybe you do."

Chapter Six

Cole jerked awake at the sound of his cell ringing next to his head. He squinted until his bleary eyes could make out it was Samantha calling. Keeping the phone on the bed, he slid the screen to answer, then hit speaker.

"What?"

"What?" Samantha chirped loudly through the phone. "That anyway to greet your awesome big sister?'

"It is when you wake me up on a Sunday morning." He stared at the phone. "It's only ten."

"Only ten? I've been up for two hours, and I didn't get to sleep until four."

"Good for you."

"Come outside and hang out with me."

Cole paused, wondering if he'd heard her right or he was still asleep. She'd wanted to kill him yesterday, and even after their last talk she'd said she was still 'mad as hell' at him.

"Why?"

"Why? Because its already eighty five, and its sunny and gorgeous!"

"I'd rather stay in bed, sis. Besides why do you even want me near you?"

"I have my reasons," she giggled.

Samantha's giggle was a sound he didn't hear often, usually only on the occasions they'd smoke together down in the basement when their parents weren't home. But, like many things about her, he found the little girl giggle coming from a hot twenty year old, strangely sexy.

Odd to hear it now...unless she was toking up out there. The folks went to church then out to lunch every Sunday.

"You there, or you fall back asleep?"

"I'm here."

"Just look outside, I think you'll like the view enough to come down."

She hung up, and now wide awake, Cole kicked off the sheet, and rolled out of bed. He walked over to his window and pulled his blinds up.

"Oh My God."

Samantha was lying on her stomach on one of the inflatable rafts she'd pulled from the pool and wearing a black string bikini. He released a wistful sigh, as he took in her ass. The bikini wasn't the one she normally wore, but a lot more revealing, appearing to be not much more than a thong.

Even from upstairs he could clearly see the firm cheeks of her ass around the minimal strip of material. This wasn't right, Samantha never tried to tan. She'd swim in the pool, but usually with so much 50+ sun block on her, she'd slip out of your hand if you tried to grab her.

When she worked outside this summer, she'd slather herself in it, and as a result, she somehow managed to still be fair in August. But here she was sprawled out and even wearing her hair up so her entire back was exposed.

Samantha rolled over into a sitting position, giving him a look at the top which consisted of a slash of black covering each of her nipples and leaving the rest of her breast exposed.

"What are you waiting for?"

Cole let the blinds fall, and stared down at his already full blown hard on threatening to burst out of the boxer briefs he'd slept in. How the hell could he deal with being close to her like that? But...at this point she knew what his reaction would be to her, so how could she be mad at him?

How could she go from furious and ready to kill him, to now showing herself off and get him going? Why would she suddenly think him looking is okay?

She didn't think it was okay, she was fucking with him.

His phone rang on the bed, and he went over and saw she was calling again.

"Are you really going to stay up there?" She asked before he'd even said hello.

"Are you really going to tease me like this?"

"Yup," she didn't try to deny it. "You coming down, or do I have to sit down with Dad and show him your literary masterpieces?"

"That's not fair, Samantha."

"And writing me into a bunch of incest stories is?"

"I'll be right down." He ended the call and stared down at his aching erection.

Would she really tell the folks? Part of him thought she was bluffing. If she didn't do it when she first found out and was pissed as hell, why would she do it after they talked, and she seemed calmer?

Did he really want to take that chance? He was eighteen, who was to say if Dad found out what his son wanted to do to his precious little girl, he wouldn't throw him out on his ass? Almost as bad was he could see the look of sadness and disgust on Mom's face if she ever found out.

Cole stripped off his boxers and donned his black bathing suit, figuring he'd take a dip in the pool at some point, and headed downstairs. When he exited the sliding glass doors, his eyes immediately went to his sister's tits as she'd remained sitting up while she'd waited for him.

"Bet dad never saw that bikini," he spoke to try and calm his nerves as he approached her.

"Bet he never will." Samantha rolled back over to lie flat on her stomach, and his eyes shifted to her ass. "But now that you have, what do you think?"

Up close the bikini really was little more than a thong, except it was tied over each hip. Like the top, he imagined pulling the strings to reveal the smooth pink treasure beneath it.

"Why are you doing this?"

"You know why, now answer me honestly."

"I like it," he admitted.

"Why?"

"Come on, sis, really?"

"Sit in front of me." She pointed to a lounge chair by her head.

When Cole sat, she rose up on her elbows. Cole's eyes darted to her tits, then quickly back up to her face.

"Don't bother, I know you look all the time," she told him. "If I didn't want you to look, I wouldn't be in bikini, now would I?"

"Guess not." The chair was his mother's and meant for the beach. His ass was barely off the ground, making it so his crotch was a few inches lower than Samantha's face. It was so close her elbows were between his feet. If she leaned forward her head would be in his damn lap.

"You noticed." She smirked when he frowned at her. "Perfect height for a blow job which I think I gave you in that chapter you subtitled 'pool party'"

Samantha laughed. "Sun, fun, and my sister's mouth. Not one of your better ones, but it was early on, you did get better."

"You memorize the damn titles?'

"Watch, I can make it better."

Samantha bent her legs and crossed her ankles.

"The classic point of view pose. Legs up, moving back and forth so you can stare at my pretty feet while you get your cock sucked?"

"Its...whatever," his cock was bent painfully in his suit and he was surprised she hadn't made a crack about his obvious arousal yet.

"Guess you're not the only guy into feet because I see this in a lot of porn vids." She wiggled her toes. "How many times you think of me like this? On my stomach so you can stare at my, how do you describe it, ass that's so firm you could bounce a quarter off it?"

"I did write that," he grumbled. "More than once."

"Said it about my tits too, you tend to repeat yourself. I guess when people are reading one handed, they're not worried about word choices."

"Nah, half their comments have typos in them." He rolled his eyes. "Usually the ones telling me my grammar sucks."

"There are people there who want to see their grandma suck." She shuddered. "That's way too much for me. Imagine our grandmother..."

"Samantha!" He snapped her name. "Why am I out here? Just for you to screw with me?"

"Sorry, just can't get over some people wanting their damn grandparents. We'll stick to sisters, and we both know you want your sexy big sister, don't we?"

"You saw the proof."

"Lot of it, too." She cocked her head and smiled as she looked up at him. "Bet this is a story right now."

"Not a fun one," he mumbled.

"Fun for me. While I think about whether Mom and Dad should find out about all the bad things you want to do to their sweet little daughter, we're going to play a game."

"I think I know where this is going."

"I'll explain anyway. The game is going to be as if you were in one of those stories. But this one is written by me, the sister that's so pretty, witty, and sexy as fuck, that her little brother is obsessed with her."

"You're witty?" He raised an eyebrow.

"Shut up, perv, this is my story." She continued to move her feet, and Cole struggled not to stare at them, or her ass, and keep his focus on her face.

"I think it should be a series, and we'll call it," she tapped her long red nail on the deck. "I know, we'll call it 'Tales of my horny brother!'"

"Clever," he sighed.

"See what happens is Cole's incredibly desirable sister finds out he wants her, but doesn't tell him she knows."

"But I know," he protested.

"Whose story is this?" She poked him in the leg. "Stop being a damn killjoy and roll with me, okay?"

"Whatever you want, sis."

"Get used to saying that." She gave him a nasty smile that made him forget about staring at her prone between his legs. What was she going to ask him to do?

"Now that she knows her brother has the hots for her, the Samantha in my story decides to have some fun at his expense and cock tease her poor little brother."

"You were doing that and didn't even know it," he admitted.

"Really? You'd get worked up even if I wasn't trying to look good or anything sexy?"

"You could make doing dishes look sexy."

"I like that," she said softly, with no trace of her perpetual smart-ass attitude.

"When I watched you washing the car, wet and soapy, then playing around and posing on it, I could have popped off in my pants."

"I have that much of an effect on you?" She looked up at him and his breath caught when she briefly sucked on her lower lip. It was the first time he'd ever seen that expression on a girl not starring in porn. "Then this will be even more fun than I thought."

"This is chapter one, I suppose?"

"Cole comes down to go for a dip in the pool and there's his sister in the sexiest little bikini he's ever seen her in. He knows this is trouble, and heads back into the house so he can watch out the window and jack off to her for the hundredth time."

"But she sees him and calls him over." He envisioned how he'd write it.

"Very good," she nodded approvingly. "Now poor Cole has to sit in front of her and try to talk, but we know what he's thinking."

Samantha slowly ran her tongue over her lips and his cock strained against his suddenly much tighter suit.

"He's thinking she's in perfect position to suck her little brother's cock. He's squirming in his seat while he thinks about those made for cock sucking lips wrapped around his thick hard shaft."

This sounded word for word from one his stories, but hearing those words uttered in his sister's voice made them far more arousing them when he'd typed them.

"Her soft pink tongue fluttering around the swollen purple head of his engorged cock." She parted her lips and wagged her tongue provocatively. "Licking the length of your cock and sliding down even further.

"Sucking on your swollen balls, then bathing them with her talented tongue."

"Oh, my god," he breathed, his cock now suffering from the all too familiar ache of wanting to be inside the one place he shouldn't want it to be, his sister.

"Cole moans, oh, my god," Samantha smoothly added. "He can't believe this isn't a dream as his sister licks her way back up his cock, then after kissing the tip, pushes her lips over it, and slowly, inch by teasing inch, she takes him into her warm wet welcoming mouth."

She cocked her head and grinned. "Grammar tip of the day, ease up on the alliteration."

"Right." He heard his voice tremble just in that one-word reply.

"Cole's sister works her lips further down, opening wider, until with a sexy gagging sound, she's taken him all the way down. She shakes her head back and forth, Cole moans uncontrollably then gasps when she slides him back to the tip, then bobs her head.

"She sucks in a slow steady rhythm while stroking him with one hand, the other playing with his swollen cum filled balls."

Cole closed his eyes as he listened to Samantha describe a blow job that was better than the ones he'd put in his stories.

"Its not just the sight of his dick in his sister's mouth that's hot. Everything about her is. The smooth creamy skin of her back. Her perfect little ass in the air, and her legs bent, showing off her sexy little feet.

"Samantha moans as she sucks, her wide blue eyes rolling back and her ass moving, grinding her hips because sucking her brother's fat cock has her so turned on!"

The last few words came out in a high pitched breathy voice that he imagined would be exactly what she'd sound like during sex. Cole gripped the arms of the chair, squeezing hard enough to make his knuckles pop as his sister continued to sound like one of those dirty talking cam girls.

"She sucks faster, her eyes on his, urging him to come, to fill his big sister's mouth with a nice hot sticky load. She's whimpering, begging for the taboo thrill of draining her brother's balls.

"Oh, oh!" She groaned. "Please, little brother! Please come in my mouth! Please let me taste it! I want every drop! Give it to me! I want you to come now so you can fuck me so long and hard after you lick your big sister's bald pussy!"

"Stop!" Cole yelled, unable to take it. "Just stop it!"

"Aw, what's the matter?" Samantha smirked. "This getting you all hot and bothered?"

"This is bullshit!"

"Writing about me taking it in the ass is bullshit." Her eyes flashed. "What did you say to me in your story? Stop whining, you know you like it?"

She pointed to him. "You're going to take this, Cole. You're going to get all hard and hot and bothered, and embarrassed, and frustrated, and like it. You'll like it because its better than Dad throwing your ass in therapy, and that's after you get the most epic grounding in history."

When he hung his head and gave her a barely noticeable nod, her voice softened.

"Besides, if you relax, you can some fun with this. After all, you do get to hear me talk dirty, and if you stop fighting it, you get to touch me."

"Touch you?" He lifted his head.

"Hmm-mm," Samantha released the sound as if she were moaning. "How much depends on how well you can play along."

She stared up at him, and in a sultry purr, asked. "You want to touch me, little brother?"

"Yes, please," he could barely get the words out.

"I like the please. Stand up."

When he pushed himself up from the chair, she whistled.

"Damn fine bulge you have going on. Not sure any dick could be as big as you made yours out to be in those stories, but that's pretty impressive."

"Jesus," his face turned hot from embarrassment.

"All for your big sister?" She sucked on her lower lip again. "All from seeing my little bikini and hearing me talk about blowing you?"

He nodded while wondering if this was doing anything for her, either that or she was very good at staying in character, because she sounded, and even looked, turned on. Just stop it, he told himself. How the hell did he know what she looked like turned on?

Samantha was a good actress, not only with playing her parents perfectly all the time, but had been in some high school plays, where of course she'd done a great job. Why wouldn't she, his pain in the ass sister was good at everything...and he was sure that would extend to fucking.

"Poor little brother," she sighed. "Must be tough getting so horny all the time. Going to get worse too."

"It is?"

"Yup, because I want you to come around behind me." She picked up a tube of sun block. "You're going to rub this on me."

Cole took the bottle, his heart pounding. He slowly walked around her as she folded her arms on the inflatable raft and rested her head on them. Samantha spread her legs wider and as he knelt between her knees, he noticed the bottle visibly shaking in his hand.

"Um, don't you think this will look a little weird? Me rubbing lotion on you?"

"You're my brother, most people don't think like the people on Literotica."

"But still," he looked around nervously. "You know how people in this neighborhood blab."

"They'll tell mom and dad they saw you putting lotion on your sister?" she spoke as she faced the pool. "But don't worry, clever sis has it covered. The Franklin's are at the Cape this weekend, and the people on the second floor on the right moved out last week. Our fence is too high for the Wilson's to see over from the first."

"You really thought this through."

"Didn't want to give you any excuses." She bent her legs once more. "Start with my feet."

Cole squirted some of the lotion into his right palm and after rubbing his hands together to get some on both, rubbed them across the soles of Samantha's feet.

"Nice and soft, aren't they? I got a pedicure on Thursday. My sexy feet would look and feel great on your shoulders, wouldn't they?"

Cole grunted in agreement, as he massaged the lotion into the bottom of her feet, then slid his hands around so he could rub the top.

"I'll help."

Samantha bent her legs all the way, so the tops of her feet were now facing him. Her legs were still wide open, and he almost missed his palm with the next squirt of lotion when his eyes landed between her thighs.

That one thin strip of material was all that was between his eyes and his sister's pussy. He rubbed the lotion onto her feet by gripping her soles in his palms and working it into her toes and the top of her feet.

"Get every toe, slide your fingers between them."

Cole did as she asked, and she curled her big toe and the one next to it around his finger. "Just like I did to your cock in that foot job story."

He worked the lotion between all her toes, then leaned back, as if he were done.

"Now my legs, all the way up, then my back." Samantha put her legs out straight on either side of him. "Can't let my ivory skin burn, now can we?"

Cole briefly looked down at his suffering erection and with a sigh of resignation put more lotion into his hands and slid them along her calves.

"Work it in, Cole. Don't just spread it around. I'm on my feet five days a week. I could use a nice massage."

He gritted his teeth, but did as she asked, rubbing her lower legs from her ankles up.

"That feels sooo good," she purred. "You have nice hands. Nice and strong."

"Thanks," he replied absently as he gently rubbed behind her knees before putting more lotion on his hands and now rubbing higher.

"Look at you, pampering your big sister," she released that sexy little giggle. "But you're getting something out of this too, aren't you? Getting to touch those long slender legs you dream about being wrapped around you."

Cole didn't respond, but she was right. Her soft warm skin beneath his hands felt good and his eyes remained on her ass, which inch by inch his hands were getting closer to. Samantha sighed and cooed as he got into it, taking his time and working his fingers into her soft skin.

He reached the backs of her upper thighs and at this point as he massaged the lotion in, his fingers were close to the cheeks of her ass.

"Inside too." She opened her legs a little more. "And all the way."

Cole took a breath, trying to keep his hands steady as he slid his fingers down along her inner thighs. Unlike Samantha, Cole enjoyed the sun and had a good tan going on. His darker skin looked good on her white thighs and the skin in that area was even softer beneath his touch.

More importantly, as he went higher, the edge of his hand was only a couple of inches from grazing her pussy.

"Its right there, isn't it," she whispered. "So close to touching me."

Jesus, was she a damned mind reader? No, she'd just read a lot of his stories, and was now in his head so to speak.

"You'd like to just slip that little strip of black to the side, and push your fingers into your big sister's wet cunt, wouldn't you?"

"Damn, sis."

"I noticed you always use pussy. Pussy's a fun word. Leaves room for a lot of pet the kitty and make it purr lines. But cunt is a woman's word and more fun to say because its rougher and cruder. More shocking to hear your real life good girl sis say cunt, isn't it?"

Cole nodded as if she could see him behind her.

"I am by the way."

"You're what, a goody two shoes?"

"No, I'm wet."

"You're..." he stared down between her legs. "You're messing with me."

"No, I'm wet. Really wet. Know why?"

Cole frowned. She had to be screwing with him. But she said this was a game so should he act like he believed her?

"I'll bite," he decided not to play along on this one. "Why am I supposed to think you're wet?"

"Keep rubbing, and I'll tell you. Your hands stop, I stop talking." She lifted her head and looked over her shoulder at him. "I think you'll want me to keep talking."

"Its your game." Cole squirted more sun block in his hand and resumed rubbing the backs of her thighs.

"Damn straight it is," she gave him a nasty smile that made him nervous, but at the same time was oddly exciting. "You already rubbed there. What about my ass?"

"You want me to rub your ass?"

"Can't let it get sunburned! I told you that you could touch me if you play along. Go head, rub my ass and I'll tell you a story."

Cole didn't need to be told twice. He wasn't sure where this was going but he'd be damned if he'd pass up on a chance to touch the ass he'd been writing about and jacking off to for the last few months.

He slid his hands over her exposed cheeks and had to repress a moan. Her ass was just as firm as he'd imagined, and each of her cheeks fit perfectly in his hand as he took a chance and gave each of them a squeeze.

"Oooh," Samantha sighed, "That actually felt pretty good, but its not rubbing."

Content to touch her anyway she'd let him, Cole worked his hands across her cheeks working the lotion into her.

"The reason I'm wet is your sister has a dirty secret."

"Do tell." Please tell he added while his eyes lingered on the black rose and flames tattooed on the small of her back.

"I like to be looked at. I love it when I know a man is checking me out and thinking about what he'd like to do to me.

"See this bikini? I've worn it to work three times."

"You what?"

"Once every couple of weeks the staff wears bikinis. There's a cover charge that day, but the guys have no problem paying it to see some sexy girls serving them drinks and food with our tits and asses hanging out.

"Seeing I'm the manager out there, I don't have to, but I love it!" She sighed softly. "All day long, dozens of guys staring at me. Looking at my legs, my ass, my tits. Imagining me naked. Imagining me on my knees blowing them."

Cole's hands were trembling again, and he had to resist the urge to squeeze her ass again. What he wanted to do even more was unleash his aching dick, slide that bikini over and fuck her out there by the pool the way he'd done in his story.

"Thinking about sucking my tits and eating my pussy. Wanting me to ride them, to let them take me doggy. I can feel their eyes on me, so many eyes!"

This time the sigh was more like a moan, and her ass lifted under his hands. She lowered it, then raised it once more.

"The idea they're stripping me in their mind. Taking me, ravaging me, giving this cock teasing little slut what she's begging for in her tiny little bikini."

She paused and Cole noted her lips were parted and she was breathing heavier. Her face was flushed, and he had the feeling it wasn't from the sun.

"Bet they stare at my tramp stamp and think of it as a bullseye like you do in your stories. Fuck me doggy, then whip their cock out and spray their hot cum all over it.

"They think of coming all over me. My ass, my tits," her ass rose moved side to side as she ground her hips into the float beneath her. "Anywhere they want."

Samantha pushed herself up on her elbows.

"Untie my top."

Cole quickly did as she asked. He didn't know how or why she'd gone from wanting to kill him last night, to acting like she was the star in one of the sibling stories on Literotica, but he'd go as far as she'd let him.

He pulled the string and his breath caught when she tugged on the front of the bikini, sliding the straps down her arms. Samantha slipped it off and put the top next to her before stretching back out on her stomach.

"Straddle my leg."

"What?"

"You use that word at least twice in every story, you know what it means. Straddle my leg and slide up."

Cole wasn't sure why she wanted him to do it but swung his left leg over hers.

"Now slide all the way up until your knee is between my legs."

Between his weight sinking into the raft, and the material sticking to his skin, he couldn't slide, and rose higher on his knees to awkwardly crawl forward. He stopped with his knee a few inches from her and picked up the bottle of lotion.

"All the way."

"I can't much closer," he pointed out.

"Can't be subtle with you, can I?"

Rising to her elbows again, she pushed herself backwards and Cole gasped when his knee met the bikini between her thighs. The thin strip of material was warm and damp against his skin.

She was wet!

"Feel that?" she moved her hips, grinding the not just wet, but sticky strip of black cloth against his knee. "Your big sister got herself all wet telling you about what gets me hot."

"Jesus, sis," Cole whispered hoarsely as she pumped her ass up and down, sliding her not just wet, but sticky, suit against his knee.

Christ, he'd thought getting that wet was just something in those stories, he didn't think a girl could really soak through their clothes.

"Put some lotion on my back, squirt it across my skin."

Cole was glad her head was turned to the side and she couldn't see his hands shaking from that feeling of nervous excitement again. His cock was so hard it was painful and as he leaned forward, he groaned when it pressed into the cheek of her ass.

He squeezed the bottle a little too hard, sending a spurt of white across her back, and almost spurted himself when Samantha released a sensual purr at the contact.

"Hmm, just like a nice thick load painting my back. I love being come on. Does it look like cum?"

"Yeah, it does."

"Wish it was yours, don't you?"

"You know I do," he grumbled.

"Who knows, maybe it will be." Cole almost dropped the bottle at her words. "I am telling this as a story after all, and every dirty story should have the characters getting off, right?"

"Absolutely!"

"Then start rubbing, and I'll get back to telling you my nasty fantasies."

Cole rubbed the lotion across the smooth warm skin of her back, then starting at her shoulders, began massaging her.

"You do have strong hands. I like strong hands. I like them on my shoulders, but when I'm being fucked doggy. I like it better than my hips because it pushes me down and puts my ass up so they can pound me harder and their cock goes even deeper.

"But I was talking about how much I love to get cum on. I like it on my back, my ass, and when I'm feeling nasty? I want it all over my slutty face."

Cole's cock pressed harder into her ass and unable to help it, his hips were rocking, sliding it across her cheek. Either Samantha was so caught up in her dirty talk she didn't notice, or maybe she did and didn't mind. Cole was hoping for the latter.

"Even better sometimes I'll take it all in my mouth, just totally drain his balls, then let it drool out, so it drips down my chin and onto my tits."

Samantha ground her pussy into his leg harder than before and released a soft moan. "God, I love the feeling of cum sliding down my nipples."

Cole slid his hands lower, now rubbing her shoulder blades and the middle of her back. Samantha was silent for a moment, but her hips continued to move, slowly working her slick suit along his knee.

"When those guys look at me, all I can think of is them wanting to fuck me. Want to know another secret? I've had a few older guys offer me money to fuck them."

"You're kidding." Cole kept his hands moving, but his head was down, watching his sister hump his leg.

"I always say no, but the idea they thought I was so hot they'd pay to have my mouth on their dicks or to fuck my tight little twat, would have me wet.

"I'm wet at work a lot. All it takes is to see some guys watching me. Sometimes a couple of the girls will do a little dance on one of the tables to get the guys going. They'll take their shirts and shorts off, but have bikinis underneath, can't take off more than that, but it still gets the boys worked up and hard."

"Have you done it?" His hands were now heading down towards the small of her back.

"Damn straight, and in this bikini." She sighed and slid her left arm beneath her. "I took off my top and shimmied out of my shorts. Got me so hot.

Judging by the way her hips were moving faster it was getting her hotter now.

"While I was on the table, I fantasized about taking everything off. I thought of taking off my top and playing with my tits in front of them."

Samantha released a loud moan that made his breath catch, and his own hips to move faster, sliding his relentless erection along her ass.

"I'm playing with my tit right now. Twisting the hoop, it hurts a little, but gets me so fucking horny!"

Her words came out in a breathy tone and ended in a barely audible whimper that Cole swore was the sexiest thing he'd ever heard. The suit was getting hotter and stickier against him, and it wasn't the only thing.

His cock had been oozing since he'd straddled her leg and he noticed the cheek of her ass was glistening and sticky from something other than the lotion he'd rubbed into her.

"I thought about putting my back to them and peeling off the bottom, bending over and letting them see my wet slit from between my thighs. I'd sit on the table, spread my legs and tell a guy to come over and go down on me.

"That's...so fucking hot," he whispered, his voice sounding as shaky as hers.

"Even hotter when he'd stand up and fuck me while the other guys cheered him on. I'd roll over on the table so he could fuck me doggy, and I'd open wide for someone to shove their cock in my mouth.

"You like that, little brother? Two guys fucking your slut sister like a pig on a spit?"

"You do have a dirty mind." Somehow, he'd kept his hands moving, but was touching her more lightly, caressing her lower back, his hands sliding across her tattoo.

"You made me a slut in your stories because you thought I was a good girl in real life. I suppose I am because I'd never do those things but thinking about guys wanting me just gets me hot. Maybe I am a little cock tease."

She raised her hips and wiggled her ass into his crotch.

"Feels like I'm teasing yours."

"You know you are."

"You're right, and know what? It's pretty fucking hot."

"What?" Cole shook his head as if he hadn't heard her right. "Hot? You beat me in the head with your I-pad last night over this."

"I did, but then I started thinking. It makes me feel sexy when guys want me. You're my brother and you want to fuck me. The more I thought about it and the more of those stories I read the more I..."

She pushed herself up on her elbows so she could look back at him. "I got so horny I got off to thinking about how bad you want me."

"You're...you're just fucking with me."

"Does this feel like I'm lying?" She ground her pussy into his knee. "Think I could fake being that wet? Just lying here in the sun knowing I was going to have you come down here and how hard you'd be for me, got me this wet. Talking dirty to you while I dry fuck your leg has my clit throbbing."

"Think I'd be playing with my tit if I weren't horny?"

Her eyes were on his and they were wide and bright, and all he could think of was how many times he'd described his sister's eyes as 'bright with lust' because she loved fucking him even though she protested.

He saw that look now, and coupled with her flushed face and parted lips, not to mention her very wet pussy, there was no way she could be lying. Cole met her gaze as one thought raced through his mind.

His sister was turned on...and by him!

"Thinking about those tits, aren't you? My top's off and all I'd have to do is roll over and you'd get to see your big sister's perky titties." She giggled. "I like how in those stories they always say brother and sister even though the reader knows who they are."

"It makes it more exciting." Who cares about the stories, get back to reality, was what he wanted to tell her, but didn't want to risk pissing her off.

"Its like crack to incest readers." She lowered herself back onto her stomach, her head once more facing to the side. "Speaking of those stories. Tell me, Mr. Hot4mysis, what would you be doing right now if this was one of your stories?"

Cole looked down at the huge bulge and spreading wet stain on his bathing suit. "Move your bikini to the side and fuck you?" he asked hopefully.

"Ha!" she laughed. "You think I'm going to just let you fuck me? I don't let those guys at work fuck me even though it gets me hot. Why would I let you do it?"

"Because this is a brother sister story?" It was lame, but at this point he'd say anything he could think of.

"Its tales of my horny brother. You wouldn't stay horny if your big sis let you fuck her." Samantha gave him a sultry smile. "But I'll let you come, if you play along."

"I'll play!" He said it so quickly he felt like an idiot, especially when she laughed at him, but god he needed to get off!

"Here's the scene." Samantha turned her head and rested her it on her right arm, so he was now looking at the back of her head.

"You come out to take a swim and there's your sister in her bikini. She asks you to rub lotion on her and it gets you hot and bothered."

"That's not a story," he mumbled.

"But in the story, sexy Samantha gets so relaxed from you rubbing her back she falls asleep. Your sister is sleeping, there's no one around to see, and you're so horny! Tell me, hot4mysis, what does horny little brother do if this were a story."

Cole wanted to say fuck her, but that wouldn't be believable even in one of those stories. Samantha was out to tease, not please.

"He'd jerk off on her back, because that wouldn't wake her up." He quickly added a detail as if he were writing a story. "Samantha is a deep sleeper, and if she woke up, he could always say he squirted more lotion on her."

"Yes!" She nodded into her arm, causing the bun her hair was gathered in bob. "That's perfect! You are good at this!"

He shrugged even though she couldn't see him and waited for her to say something else. After a few seconds she sighed.

"Well?"

"Well what?"

"Take your cock out and jerk off on me."

"You're fucking serious?" His cock jerked in his suit.

"No, I'm sleeping, remember?" She giggled. "Take your dick out and blow a nice big load all over your sleeping sister."

Cole looked around as if he expected someone to be peering over the fence, but Samantha had said no one was home who could see. She'd thought this through and the fact that she had made him wonder what else she may have thought about last night.

His heart pounding, Cole rose up higher on his knees, watching a thin strand of sticky pre cum trail from her glistening skin to his suit. The result of him grinding into her cheek the last few minutes.

Cole pushed his suit down, causing his aching cock to spring free. His tip was oozing and so purple it looked like an angry bruise. He gripped his shaft in his hand, and slowly pumped it.

"You stroking?"

"Yes," he whispered. "You don't want to watch?"

"I'm sleeping," she reminded him, then added. "Not ready for that...yet."

At the word yet, his cock jumped in his hand. How far would she take this game? Cole stared down at her ass and that damned sexy tramp stamp as he jerked off.

"That's it," she purred, and her hips resumed moving, grinding her sopping wet suit against him. "Jerk off to your sleeping sister, jerk off because she's so fucking sexy you can't take it. Jerk off because you want your big sis so bad!

"But you know you can't have her. You know this is wrong, but you can't help it! She's right there! Topless, and that sweet little ass!"

She pushed herself backwards, pressing as tightly against his leg as she could, and her hips were now moving faster.

"Your balls are aching, and your cock hurts you're so horny. You need to come and just going up to your room watching sister videos isn't enough. You need to do something dirtier, you need to be close to her, to see your big cock over her body."

Samantha sounded like a damn phone sex operator as she spoke in a husky breathy voice. Her hips weren't just going up and down, but side to side, grinding in tight circles. Cole stroked faster and moaned at how good even his own hand felt at this point.

He couldn't remember ever being this hard, and Samantha kept him that way as she went on with her dirty talk.

"I think about cocks over my body all the time, over my face too. Strong hands jacking off big cocks and squirting cum all over me!"

Her voice was getting higher pitched and her the movement of her hips had a hint of desperation to them. For the first time, it dawned on him that his sister wasn't just teasing him but trying to get off.

"Oh, yeah," she moaned. "They'd slap their cocks against my tits and my face, my ass, anywhere they could."

Cole jumped when something touched his back and he realized she'd bent her leg, and it was her heel pressing into the small of his back. She bent her other leg so he was now staring at the top of her foot.

He grabbed her foot in his hand, his thumb sliding across her soft instep while he stroked faster.

"Slap your cock against my ass," she groaned.

Cole whacked his cock on her cheek several times, moaning not just from the sensation, but the sound it made striking her skin and how good his long cock looked on his sister's small ass cheek.

"Yeah like that, oh my god you're so hard, Cole!" She was breathing hard in between her words. "Imagine doing that to my face, my tongue, those little tits you're dying to see and suck on! The tit I'm playing with right now! The one with the hoop you like to tongue in your stories!"

Cole was breathing as hard as she was, and his balls felt as if they were going to explode just from slapping his dick on her. Samantha lifted her ass and groaned as she worked her hips vigorously into his sticky knee.

"My own brother wants me the way those guys at work want me! My own brother is jerking off to me. You're hard for your big sister, and...I was so mad at first, but..." she whimpered and released a high pitched whine as she struggled to get over the edge. "It's so fucking hot!"

"Because you're so fucking hot," he moaned. "I've been jerking off to you for months, writing about all the ways I want to fuck you, and all the nasty things we could do together."

"I love it!" Samantha exclaimed. "Love that even though I'm your sister you want me, love that you get off to me! Come for me! Come all over my back!"

Cole's hand raced along his cock, and he groaned when he felt himself passing the point of no return.

"Oh, I like that sound! I really do!" Samantha egged him on. "Come for me, little brother! Come all over your slutty fucking sister! Come..."

"Fuck!" Cole grunted as his cock erupted.

An impressive spurt of cum shot over Samantha's ass to land between her shoulder blades and splatter up to her neck. A second squirt hit the black rose over her ass fulfilling his fantasy of using it as a bullseye.

He groaned as he furiously pumped his cock, pleasantly surprised with the size of the load that was now creating sticky white puddles on the cheeks of her ass.

"Yes, paint my back with your hot come!" Samantha cried out. "Shoot it all over your big...oh.... yes!"

Samantha released a loud cry that had him hoping no one was home on the first floor next door. Her hips went into overdrive as she lowered her head and emitted several muffled cries into the raft.

Her free hand clenched the raft, gripping it hard as her hips bucked and her body writhed beneath him. Cole wrung the last few drops from his cock, pointing the tip at the thin strip of material between her legs, and watching her work his own cum into his knee as she continued to get off against him.

Samantha's high pitched cried devolved into a low guttural growl as her entire body tensed. There was a sharp popping sound as she squeezed the raft so hard, her long nails punctured it, and air hissed out even as her body jerked one last time.

"Holy shit," he breathed as he sat back on his knees, admiring the huge mess he'd made from her shoulders down to her ass.

"I came hard," Samantha whispered in the same breathless tone. "Damn, Cole, that's a lot of come all over me."

"It looks incredible. You look incredible."

"Hmm, sweet talk for a guy who just blew a load on his sleeping sister."

"You weren't sleeping."

"She was, but she wakes up, right when he's done."

"Then what happens?" He eyed his still hard and twitching cock, hoping that she would want to keep going with her game.

"Get off my leg and put your cock away." She instructed.

Cole sighed in resignation and tucked his cock awkwardly into his suit as he slipped off her.

"What's your problem? You got to cum, didn't you?" Samantha rose to her knees but kept her back to him as she picked up the bikini top.

"Yeah, but..."

"Don't be greedy, good things come to horny little brothers who can play along.

She stood up in front of him, and he watched his cum slide down her back and thighs.

"That feels so good," she whispered. "But in the story, she wakes up and feels all this sticky stuff on her and yells at Cole for using too much lotion."

"And he just says, sorry while he hopes she doesn't try to wipe it off." She better not ask him to rub it in, he added to himself.

"She tells him he can't do anything right like the bitchy big sis she is and decides to jump in the pool to rinse off the mess."

Making sure he didn't get a look at her tits, Samantha crossed her arms over her chest, and with a laugh, ran the several steps to the pool and dove into it. She popped her head out and Cole struggled to get a look at her tits beneath the water, but she was already sliding the top back on.

"Wow, you're still hard," she pointed to his bulging suit. "Maybe you weren't just bragging in those stories."

"I could go right now," he told her confidently.

"With a crack like that you can go back into the house and whack off again," she pointed a finger at him in warning. "You see what you got when you played nice. Be a jerk you won't get anything else."

"Sorry, sis," he put his head down. "I'll be a good little brother."

Samantha swam over to the edge of the pool and smiled up at him.

"We'll see about that tomorrow."

"What's tomorrow?"

Samantha splashed water at him, making him jump as she laughed.

"Chapter two, silly!"

Chapter Seven

Cole paused his latest Halo solo campaign, when the alarm on his phone beeped signaling dinner. He rose from his chair and stretched, then looked out the window. Samantha went into work in the morning, but was supposed to get out at four to be home for five.

Her car still wasn't there, and he wondered when she'd be getting home. More accurately, he wondered what she'd be up to when she finally arrived. According to her 'Chapter Two' was going to be today.

Cole couldn't imagine what she thought they could do, their parents were home, and as crazy as yesterday was, he didn't think she'd dare do anything that could risk them getting caught. Unless it was going to be later tonight.

Their parent's bedroom was on the first floor, so he supposed they could get away with something up here if they were quiet. But what was that something? After what happened by the pool, and event he still had a hard time believing was real, Samantha hadn't said anything to him the rest of the day.

She'd watched some TV downstairs, then after the folks came home and they ordered pizza, she wandered upstairs around seven and didn't come out of her room the rest of the night. Samantha was up and out of the house before he got up to head to work, and it was driving him crazy not being able to ask her where the hell yesterday had come from.

The only contact he'd had with her was a text she'd sent him just before he'd left for work which read:

"No matter how much you think about yesterday, don't you dare get off. I want you nice and horny for chapter two."

The text alone had him hard not only because it did make him keep replaying yesterday in his mind, but it held the promise of another dirty game. Cole couldn't get the sound of his sister coming out of his ears nor the sight of his cum covering her back out of his head.

He thought getting to do something with his sister, even something as pathetic as jacking off on her like, well like one of the pervy brothers on Literotica, would take some of the edge off his fantasies.

Instead he'd been unable to stop thinking about it and had spent the day at work battling recurring erections and being so unfocused he kept putting things in the wrong aisles or sending customers in the wrong direction when they asked for things.

Several times he thought about slipping into a stall in the bathroom and reliving himself. Not like he couldn't get it up again if she had another game ready for him later. But he made himself follow her instructions, if for no other reason than he felt he owed her for writing about her behind her back, so it was only fair he suffered a little.

When she wasn't home when he got home an hour ago, he'd had another battle with himself in the shower as the white soap kept making him think about another white fluid sliding down his sister's body yesterday.

He tossed on a pair of sweats and a t-shirt and tried to immerse himself in Halo until dinner. Seeing He and Samantha both worked during the day on Mondays during the summer, Mom and Dad had dubbed it summer family night. What that entailed was making it a point to eat together, then head into the living room and watch a movie together.

Cole didn't look forward to not just an awkward dinner sitting across from Samantha. Not that things hadn't been weird over the last few months. Once his fantasies had taken hold of him, it wasn't easy to be near her because the slightest thing could get him thinking taboo thoughts about her.

After yesterday, things were bound to be worse. Cole had known Samantha wasn't a prude from the conversation with Trish he'd listened in on. But that hadn't prepared him for what she'd confessed to him by the pool.

The thought Samantha liked to be looked at and imagined the guys watching doing a lot more than looking, was shocking, and arousing enough. But at the end when she'd said it got her hot that Cole had a thing for her, was more than he could handle.

Unless she was teasing, but she'd come on his damn leg!

Knowing his mind was going to be off to the races again and his cock was already stirring over his hundredth rehash of yesterday, Cole got up and left his room. How horny could he be with his damn parents at the dinner table?

Cole went downstairs and entered the dining room to see Mom and Dad already seated.

"Where's Samantha?" he asked as he sat down and eyed the platter of pork cutlets in the middle of the table.

"She'll be here any minute," Mom replied. "Got out of work a few minutes late."

"Well, I'm digging in without her," Dad announced as he grabbed the bowl of mashed potatoes and heaped some on his plate. "Knowing her idea of around the corner, it could mean twenty minutes."

Cole shrugged and helped himself to a couple of cutlets and a dinner roll, while waiting for his father to pass the spuds and the gravy he was slopping all over them. The sound of the screen door slamming shut in the kitchen announced Samantha had arrived, and a moment later she strolled into the dining room.

"Sorry I'm late!" Samantha kissed mom on the cheek then did the same to dad before walking around the table to get to her seat across from Cole.

"That's okay, honey, women are always worth the wait," Mom laughed. "Right David?"

"As long as we have something to eat while we're waiting," Dad said around a mouthful of pork.

"Smooth, dad," Samantha joked. "I can see how mom fell for you."

"He fell for my legs," Mom rolled her eyes. "He kept staring at them until I finally gave him the 'my eyes are up here' line."

"Speaking of legs, could you find a shorter dress, Sammi?" Dad frowned at her. "Every guy at work must have been hoping for a breeze."

"David, leave her alone." Mom chided him. "Like I was just saying, you had no problem with me wearing short skirts back in college."

"You were someone else's daughter, not my daughter." Dad pointed to Samantha. "Seriously, that thing looks like you'd wear it to a club."

"I did last weekend." She beamed at the scowl on Dad's face. "No wind there though."

Cole only half heard the exchange as he had already noticed how short his sister's hot pink strapless sundress was. So short that if she bent over he imagined anyone behind her would be getting a good look at her ass.

The ass he came on yesterday.

Cole shifted in his seat as his cock was already making its presence known. Damn his sister looked fine. The dress wasn't just short, but low cut and tight on top, pushing up her small breasts, and her hair was down despite the heat.

He loved how her thick black hair fell over her bare shoulders, which despite her best efforts to avoid tanning looked like they'd gotten some color today.

"Do I have something on me?"

"Huh?" Cole blinked.

"You're staring at me," Samantha looked down at her chest. "What are you looking at?"

"Nothing," he replied nervously. "Nothing to look at."

"Is that another dig at my boobs?" Samantha asked.

"What? No!" he stammered. "Your boobs are fine. I mean not like I think they're fine! I wasn't..."

"Can we not talk about boobs at the table?" Mom spoke up.

"Sorry, but I get tired of his stupid jokes about them." Samantha tossed her hair while giving him a typical bitchy look.

"He's your brother, stupid jokes are what brother's do." Mom told her. "I have three of them, remember?"

Cole's phone vibrated in his pocket, and slipping his hand under the table, he eased it out and saw Samantha had just sent him a text.

"Gotcha!" The words were followed by several laughing emojis

"Cole, I know you're not looking at your phone," Dad pointed to him. "I know that because we have a rule about phones at dinner, right?"

"Right, sorry. I got a text and wanted to make sure it wasn't work. They said they might be shorthanded tonight."

"Seeing we're talking about work, you paraded around work in that dress?"

"It's part of the job, dad. It's a beach club I'd look stupid walking around in a sweat suit." She smiled. "You should see what I got in tips today!"

"I'll bet." Dad frowned. "Bet you got almost as many lewd remarks too."

"All the girls dress like this, some were in bikinis." Samantha countered. "I don't get half the looks they do."

"David, we've talked about this before. She's getting a lot of experience, making some good money, and having some fun too."

"Not as much fun as the guys gawking at her."

Cole had pretty much tuned out as his eyes lingered on Samantha's mouth.

Her large sensual lips were coated in the same hot pink as her dress, and her eye shadow matched. The pink brought out her baby blue eyes, and Cole was surprised to find himself thinking how good she looked.

Not that he hadn't been thinking that for awhile now, but it was in terms of his sister being 'hot'. Looking at her while she sat there with a smile playing about her lips as Mom berated dad for trying to start an argument on family night, he realized she wasn't just sexy, but a beautiful girl.

"Fine," Dad grumbled. "I just don't like the idea of guys drooling over you."

Cole turned his attention to his plate, cutting into a cutlet while wondering what his father would think if he found out his son had been drooling over his precious little girl the last few months.

He'd done a lot more than drool over her yesterday., he couldn't resist a smile as he chewed.

"Shit!" Samantha exclaimed as she knocked her knife off the table. She looked down and then at him. "It went under the table. Cole, can you grab it for me, please?"

"Why do I have to get it?" He said around a mouthful of bread.

"Because your sister asked you nicely is why." Mom told him. "I know Samantha gives you a hard time here and there, but it wouldn't kill you to be nice to her."

"Guess not," Cole lowered his eyes so his mother didn't see the expression of annoyance in them.

Typical BS, always on her side, he thought as he pushed his chair back and peered under the table. The knife was right in front of her feet. Why the hell couldn't she grab it herself? Whatever, if he said anything mom or dad would tell him to do it anyway.

Cole slid off his chair onto his hands and knees and crawled forward to get the knife. The look he was getting at his sister's legs made him think this wasn't too bad after all. That thought was driven home when Samantha opened her legs.

He stopped in mid reach as he stared at the pink thong beneath the skirt. Like yesterday's bikini there wasn't a lot of material between her thighs and he was getting a full view of camel toe. Samantha's hand slid into view and Cole's eyes widened when she pulled the skirt up and ran her fingers over the thong.

She caressed herself several times and Cole's cock rose not just from watching her, but the idea it was why she'd dropped the knife in the first place. Chapter two; the words ran through his mind.

Not wanting to stay down there too long, Cole picked up the knife and eased back so he could get out from under the table.

That was when Samantha pulled her thong to the side.

Cole froze where he was, his jaw dropping as he gaped at his sister's pussy. Her slit was completely smooth, and her lips tucked in tight, a perfect little pink peach between her thighs. Holding the thong, Samantha's other hand appeared and when she spread her pussy open, exposing her swollen clit, Cole dropped the knife,

"What the hell are you doing down there?" Dad's voice came from above him.

He quickly grabbed the knife again but couldn't move as Samantha teased her clit with her pink tipped finger. She pushed her finger down through her lips and he thought his eyes were going to bug out of his head when she slipped her finger inside her pussy.

She removed it and stretched her hand out under the table. Her hand brushed his cheek, before moving over and sticking her finger under his nose.

"Cole!"

Between getting a whiff of his sister's pussy and his father yelling, Cole jerked backwards and came up too quick, hitting his head on the edge of the table.

"Ow!" he exclaimed as he pushed himself back up into his seat while he rubbed the back of his head.

"Honey, are you okay?" Mom asked.

"Yeah, I'm fine." Cole could feel how red he was and hoped his parents would think he was just embarrassed.

"What were you doing under there?" Dad demanded.

"Sorry, that was my fault." Samantha spoke as if nothing were going on. "I was messing with him and kept kicking the knife."

"What else were you doing?" Dad nodded towards the table. "Where are your hands? What are you playing with?" He sighed. "As if I didn't know."

"Sorry, daddy." Samantha put her hands back on the table, her phone, which had been in her lap, now in her right hand. "I was sending a text."

"You kids kill me," Mom sighed. "Can't you go a minute without playing with that thing?"

"What can I say?" Samantha grinned at her father. "I just can't help touching it sometimes."

Cole gasped and jumped in his chair when Samantha pressed her now bare foot onto his crotch.

"You alright tonight, kid?" Dad asked with no trace of sarcasm. "Your face is all red and you got a weird look on your face."

"I'm..." he hesitated, but quickly shifted into 'author mode' imagining this happening to the story version of himself. "Not feeling all that great, been warm all day, and now I have a headache."

"You want to go lie down, hon?" Mom reached over and put her hand on his forehead. "You are warm."

"No," his eyes darted down beneath the table where Samantha was curling her pink tipped toes into his swollen crotch. "It's the only night of the week we all hang out together. I'll be fine."

"That's my boy!" Dad clapped him on the shoulder. "Glad you're coming around to the most important thing in life."

"What's that, Dad?" He struggled to keep his voice steady as his sister rubbed her foot along the length of his cock.

"Family is everything!"

Chapter Eight

Cole sat slumped in the corner of the couch trying to focus on the large flat screen TV on the wall across from him. Mom and Dad had wanted to watch the first season of Stranger Things which he and Samantha had already seen, but they agreed to watch it again with them.

They were on episode four and even though it was only a little after nine he'd noticed mom and dad both nodding off here and there. Cole looked over at them sitting on the love seat to the left of the couch.

He figured if they were both sleeping he would slip upstairs and got to bed. To bed, not to sleep, because there was no way he'd be able to close his eyes until he took care of his latest sister induced boner.

Both his parents were currently awake, although their eyes looked as if they could close any minute, as they sat side by side, mom turned sideways so she could lean into his father who had his arm around her.

Even though his parents bordered on sickening at times, it was great that after all these years they were still that into each other. He idly wondered if he or Samantha would ever find that with anyone.

Since her outburst the other night where she'd said the thing that had pissed her off the most was his utter disregard and lack of affection for her in his stories, he'd been playing around with the idea of more romantic brother sister stories.

He'd read a few and he had to say the idea of siblings not just being in lust with each other, but in love was an attractive one. The forbidden love did add an extra level of heat to the sex. He imagined it would be like a loving couple who behind closed doors were total freaks, but only for each other.

It made him recall Samantha's line to Trish about being a bad girl, but only for someone who was good to her. She had been bad for him yesterday, even though it had only ended with him jerking himself off.

He looked to his right where his sister was curled into the opposite corner of the couch. She had her legs drawn up so her heels were against her ass, a position that had dad griping she was showing way too much thigh.

Mom had agreed on that and told her to either sit right or put something over her. Samantha had pulled the blanket mom kept folded over the couch over the lower part of her body. Or at least that's how it looked from where mom and dad sat to her left.

But she had only pulled the blanket over the front of her, leaving Cole staring at her skirt that had hiked up so far he could see the curve of her ass. He kept stealing quick peeks at her as they watched the show.

She'd caught him several times, but each time either gave him a wink or a mischievous smile, telling him she had done it so he would look. Her shoes were on the floor and her bare feet curled into the back of her legs was a damn sexy look.

Cole had caught her looking over her shoulder at their parents and each time she saw them awake she looked as annoyed as he did. His thoughts were cut off when his phone vibrated in the pocket of his sweatpants.

He pulled it out and read her text.

"Play along, okay?"

He looked at her to see she had her hands under the blanket, hiding her phone. Like dinner, there wasn't supposed to be any phones during movie time. But the folks couldn't see her and as long as he kept his phone on the cushion to his right, they wouldn't see his either.

He nodded to her, and she stretched her legs out across the couch, pushing her feet into his leg.

"Hey, Cole, can I put my feet on your legs?"

"Really, sis?" Cole acted like any brother who didn't have the hots for his sister would.

"Come on, my legs are sore from being on my feet all day."

"Yeah, but that's kind of gross," he winked at her. "I don't want your sweaty feet on me. They probably smell."

"My feet don't stink!" Samantha sounded impressively offended. "Know what does stink? That you can't be nice to me."

"Hey" Mom lifted her head from Dad's shoulder. "Are you two twenty and eighteen or still ten and eight? Stop arguing."

"Cole's being a jerk." The whiny tone, but this time it made him want to smile because he knew it was a game. "I'm nice to him and..."

"If your brother doesn't want your legs on him, then you don't put them on him." Dad spoke without turning his head. "Personal space, remember?"

"Fine!" Samantha now put on the pout. "Take his side."

"Oh, for God's sake," Cole sighed dramatically. "Just put your damn feet on me. Its better than listening to you bitch."

"Watch your mouth, Cole." Mom warned him.

"Get treated like I'm eight." He put his hand over his mouth to hide his smile as Samantha gave him a thumbs up for playing the game.

"Just watch the show," Dad told them while stifling a yawn.

Samantha lifted her legs, and Cole slid over a little so she could rest her heels on his thigh. She grabbed the blanket and tossed it over her legs, covering his lap as well. She turned to face the TV, leaving Cole wondering what the game was.

Her heels dug into his leg, and the blanket moved as she lifted her hips and wiggled back and forth. He wanted to ask her what the hell she was doing but decided not to say anything and get Mom or Dad sniping at them again.

Samantha removed her feet from his leg, bending them under the blanket. He shot her a questioning look, but her head was turned as she peered over her shoulder at their parents. She straightened her legs again, her feet once more resting on his thigh.

Samantha's hands were covered, and his phone lit up again.

"Put your hands under the blanket."

Cole did as she asked, and her hand brushed against his. There was something soft in her hand that she deposited into his. He lifted the blanket to see, and whispered, "Damn."

It was her thong.

Samantha rubbed her thumb against her finger and gestured to him. Taking her meaning, he found the crotch of the thong and rubbed it between his fingers. It wasn't just wet, it was sticky, as sticky as her bathing suit was against his knees yesterday.

Cole kept his eyes on his parents and brought his now slick fingers to his face. He inhaled deeply, getting a much better whiff of his sister's pussy than he did under his nose in the kitchen.

His fingers dipped into his mouth and the way Samantha smiled at him when he did was almost as big of a turn on as getting a taste of his sister's sticky sweet secretions. Alliteration stop using it and your stories will be taken more seriously! He couldn't help grinning around his fingers as he recalled that comment on his stories.

He also couldn't help the immediate swelling between his legs as he continued to suck on his fingers and brought the thong itself to his face to take a quick sniff of it. Dad shifted on the couch and he quickly tucked the thong back under the blanket.

His father remained where he was, the movement he'd caught was him jerking his head up as he fought off sleep to keep watching the show. Cole's phone lit up again, and he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

"Take your cock out."

Cole jerked his head towards their parents, then shook it.

"They're half asleep, and we're covered. They can't see over the arm of the couch from there anyway."

Like yesterday, it seemed Samantha had planned this ahead of time and right down to the last detail. Cole grunted when her foot pressed into his bulging crotch. 

"Take it out and your sexy big sister will give you a treat."

She looked at him expectantly and moving quickly before he could stop and think about what would happen if they got caught, Cole lifted his hips and pushed his sweats and boxers down far enough to free his cock.

He stifled a gasp when Samantha pressed the sole of her foot along his shaft but failed to hold back a moan when the toes of her other foot slid beneath his balls and wiggled against them.

"Bless you." Samantha didn't miss a beat.

"Thanks," he added a loud sniff that caused her to giggle as she continued to work his balls with her toes.

Cole relaxed back into the couch, but kept his head turned, staring past his sister to make sure Mom or Dad didn't get up. Under the blanket, Samantha had her left foot along his shaft, so when she slid her other foot up from his balls, his cock was between them.

He breathed heavily through parted lips as she moved her feet back and forth, caressing his cock with her soft soles. Cole couldn't resist lifting the blanket to see his long thick cock pinned between his sister's feet, and just the sight of it made him thrust his hips, pushing his cock through them.

His phone buzzed next to him. "Watch Mom and Dad."

Cole lowered the blanket and resumed staring at his parents as his sister gave him a foot job. Damn, she was bold! If they ever got caught doing something like this she would be in just as much trouble as him, but she didn't seem to care.

Cole felt a measure of relief when he saw Dad's head had fallen back against the couch and his eyes were closed. He couldn't see mom's face, but with her head on Dad's shoulder she would have to sit up to be able to see over to the couch.

Samantha slid further down so her head rested on the arm of the couch. She turned her feet so they were flat and his cock nestled between her insteps. He released a soft moan when she pumped her feet up and down, jerking him off.

Samantha stopped jerking and went back to moving side to side. It felt good, but was a tease compared to the brief time she'd pumped him. He put his hand under the blanket and caressed the top of her foot while moving his hips, fucking her feet as best he could.

She grabbed his hand and slid it along her calf and past her knee. Cole's breath caught as she guided him further until his palm was on the soft skin of her inner thigh. She turned her feet again, so he was between her soles and opened her legs wider beneath the blanket.

As good as her feet felt around his cock, Cole's attention was on her hand easing his ever higher up her thigh. The tips of his fingers reached the end of her leg, pressing into the smooth skin just to the right of her pussy.

His heart raced and he realized he was holding his breath, as she moved his hand up and down, a mere inch from what he knew from her thong was her wet slit. His eyes left his parents to meet her gaze and saw the same look he's seen by the pool.

Samantha's face was as red as his felt, and her lips parted. She was breathing heavy and her hand trembled over his, the first sign of nerves she'd shown. He wanted to move his hand but was afraid of pissing her off.

She'd made it clear this was her game and he knew she was out to tease her 'horny brother' in the latest installment of the story they were living rather than the ones he wrote about. Samantha's lips curled into a sexy smile and with a wink, she pushed his fingers through the soft wet lips of her pussy.

Cole couldn't believe how wet she was! His fingers glided through her moist flesh as he let her work his hand up and down. When he encountered her swollen clit, she gasped, and her fingers gripped his wrist tightly.

She pushed his hand down, and lifting her hips, pulled his hand forward. The tip of his finger eased inside her. Game or no game, Cole could only handle so much and pushed his finger deep into his sister's pussy.

Samantha released a sharp breath and her blue eyes went wide as he eased his finger back, then thrust it into her. She let her head fall back against the arm of the couch and her hips rose up, meeting his finger and pushing it deeper.

Cole held it there, blown away by how wet, warm, and tight his sister's pussy was.

His sister's pussy, he was fingering his fucking sister and with his parents five feet away! Her fingers slid over his and pushed his thumb onto her clit. Cole moved his thumb in a slow circle and the soft moan she released had his cock twitching between her feet.

She let his hand go and whispered, "Two fingers."

Cole forced himself to not give into his excitement and shove his finger inside her like the grabby little boy he felt like. Instead he slowly worked it in along his other finger and was rewarded with another sound of pleasure as he felt her pussy spreading around his fingers.

He pumped his fingers while moving his thumb faster, and Samantha whimpered, them sucked on her lower lip, struggling to stay quiet. Her hips moved in time with his fingers, and her hands appeared from under the blanket to pick up her phone.

He frowned when he watched her typing. How good could he making her feel if she was sending a text. His phone beeped, and when he clicked on her text, his frowned turned into a smile.

"That's it, little brother, play with your big sister's clit." Another text followed. "You're going to make me cum, aren't you?"

He nodded, and gasped when she contracted her pussy around his fingers.

"Imagine that being your cock."

Samantha cocked her head, then smiled as her fingers blurred across her phone.

"Dad's snoring, and mom's not telling him to wake up, they're both asleep!"

Samantha put her phone down next to her and hooking her fingers into the straps of her dress, slipped them down her arms. She pulled her arms free, and Cole felt another surge between his legs when he noticed she'd pulled her bra straps down as well.

Samantha grabbed the top of her dress and pulled it down, exposing the top half of her breasts.

"Wanna see them?" she whispered.

"Hell yeah!" he replied, struggling to keep his voice down.

"Watch dad." She paused. "Why aren't your fingers moving?"

"Sorry," Cole was so distracted by her stripping, he'd stopped with his fingers inside her. "Your feet aren't moving." He pointed out.

"I want to enjoy getting off." She spoke so softly he could barely hear her from a cushion away, but still couldn't believe she was talking like this with their parents behind her. "This is my chapter, not yours."

She moaned deep in her throat when he resumed moving his fingers.

"Make me come, and maybe you'll get a surprise."

She'd barely gotten the words out of her mouth, when Cole pressed his thumb harder to her clit while pushing his fingers so deep hiss knuckles pushed against her moist lips. He eased them back, then pushed them in harder.

"Yes," Samantha's eyes rolled back, as her hips thrust into his probing fingers. "Finger fuck your sister's tight wet cunt."

Without warning she pulled the top down far enough to cause her breasts to pop out.

"Goddamn," Cole thought his eyes were going to bug out of his head as he was confronted with the breasts he'd been dying to see for months.

They were exactly as he'd written them. Small, they'd probably fit in the palm of his hand, but perfectly round and sitting high and proud. Her 'aureole' the new word she'd taught him, was light pink as he'd envisioned, but her nipples were a darker pink.

Those nipples were as erect as his cock, and turned up slightly, rather than stick straight out. The silver hoop in her right nipples gleamed from the lamp directly over her, and he yearned to tongue it like 'he' had so many times in his stories.

Samantha tucked the dress under them which caused them to be propped up higher, then cupped them in her hands.

"Like them?"

"Love them."

"Want to suck them, don't you?"

"Please?" Parents or no parents, confronted with the sight of his sister's tits had removed any fear of getting caught, and replaced it with raw taboo lust. "Can I?"

"Nope," she shook her head. "But if you keep being a good little brother, there could be a chapter three." She raised her eyebrows. "Why do your fingers keep stopping when we talk?"

Shit! She was right, each time she distracted him, his fingers remained inside her, and his thumb froze on her clit. Story Cole wouldn't do that, he'd have already made her come. That's because story Cole was far more confident, and experienced, than he was.

He'd slept with Katy for close to a year, but she was more the 'love making' type and not into dirty talk, or porno sex as she called it. In the last twenty four hours Samantha had already proven to have a far dirtier mind, and no qualms about putting it to use.

She confirmed that when she cupped her breasts and teased her hot pink nails over her nipples. Cole knew he was supposed to be watching over her shoulder to make sure the folks were still sleeping, but his eyes were riveted to her hands on her tits.

He made sure to keep his pumping her pussy while his thumb resumed circling her clit.

"Nice and deep," she purred through her parted lips. "And harder, shove them in there like it was your cock," she released a sharp breath when he plunged them inside her with more force than he previously had.

"Oh, yeah!" she whimpered. "That's why it called finger fucking. You don't tease, you fuck that cunt like you mean it."

Spurred on by her words, he pushed his thumb hard into her clit and now moved his arm back and forth instead of just his wrist. Samantha's breath hissed between her lips each time he drove his fingers into her, and her feet tightened around his cock.

He watched her squeeze her left nipple between her fingers, and tug on it. She'd taken the hoop and twisted it side to side, turning it so far she whimpered each time before going the other way.

His arm was pressed against her left thigh and it trembled against him. Samantha's feet slipped away from his cock until her heels were resting on his leg, and she pushed into him as she straightened her legs.

His cock was now pinned between her calves and as she squirmed on the couch, her legs worked up and down, rubbing his shaft. Cole wondered if there was such a thing as a 'calf job' because as worked up as he was if she kept moving her legs, he could probably come this way.

"Just like that," Samantha groaned, her eyes now closed, and her face flushed. "Don't stop." Her hips rose from the couch, her heels digging harder into his leg. "Please don't stop."

Hearing her say please sent a thrill through him, and in his excitement, he plunged his fingers hard enough the term rough would apply. Katy would have slapped him if he'd ever gone half as hard, but Samantha's eyes popped open and a long shuddering moan escaped her.

"Yeah, oh...oh, yeah!" She emitted the words in a high-pitched whine.

A moment later her hips jerked, and her pussy convulsed around his fingers, squeezing and releasing them. Samantha released her left nipple and clapped her hand over her mouth, groaning into it as her orgasm crashed through her.

The guttural growls she released into her hand had his cock twitching between her legs, and his thumb moving faster on her clit to keep her coming as long as possible. Samantha writhed on the couch, her body jerking from the force of her orgasm as she also fought to stay quiet.

Her eyes were wide above her hand, as her other hand continued to twist the hoop fueling her climax. Her pussy clutched his fingers as he kept thrusting them as if it was trying to pull them back in, and he couldn't help imagining what that would feel like if he were fucking her.

Samantha's body tensed even more. Using his leg to push off on, her ass left the couch and her back arched. She let loose a disturbingly loud cry into her hand, and a gusher or warm fluid squirted around his fingers and onto his hand.

With a whimper, she slumped back into the couch, lowering her hand and releasing her breast as she struggled to catch her breath. Cole's stomach jumped at the sound of Dad grumbling something, and he pulled his fingers from inside her.

Samantha awkwardly pulled her bra and top back up while remaining slid down on the couch and out of sight of their parents. To his dismay, Dad lifted his head, and as soon as he moved, mom sat up next to him.

After getting the straps of her bra and dress back on her shoulders, Samantha swung her legs off the couch, and sat up. Cole grunted when she dipped her hand into his lap, squeezing his cock through the blanket.

"Why don't you guys got to bed?" Samantha looked over at their parents, while her hand was still on the tent he was pitching.

"No, we want to finish this episode." Dad lifted the remote. "Mind if we rewind a few minutes back?"

"Sure, no problem." Samantha replied.

Cole sighed in frustration and slumped back into the couch. God, he needed to come! Samantha reached beside her and grabbing the small throw pillow that had been in the corner behind her, dropped it into his lap.

She slid over until she was next to him and slipped her hand under the blanket.

"Oh!" Cole called out when his sister's hand wrapped around his cock.

"You say something, Cole?" Mom asked from the loveseat.

"No, I mean, that scene." He pointed to the TV. "I forgot about it. I was confused later in the series, but now I get it."

"You're always confused." Samantha cracked the joke while her hand slid along his shaft.

Her touch was light, her fingers loosely around him and teasing his hard flesh as she worked her hand from just below his tip down to the base of his shaft.

"Hmm," she leaned over and whispered in his ear. "Tell you what, you might be almost as big as you are in your stories."

Cole blushed both from the comment, and how good her hand felt. Going by porn, he'd always felt he was decent size, but to hear his sister tell him he was hung added an even bigger thrill to the fact...

His sister was touching his cock!

Not just touching it, but teasingly stroking him under the blanket and pillow.

"Be quiet," she had rested her head on his shoulder and closed her eyes, as if she were falling asleep. "You make noise, I'll have to stop."

She gripped his cock tighter and he pressed his lips together when she pumped him faster. Samantha squeezed him just below his head and he grunted when he felt pre-cum squirting from his tip.

His hips jerked when her palm slid over his head, rubbing the pre cum into his sensitive tip. Samantha resumed jerking him, but with her hand now slick it glided more smoothly and felt even better.

"Like your big sister jerking your big dick?" Even with her lips a few inches from his ear, he could barely hear her.

"I can't believe it," the words came out just when her hand dipped down to his balls and gave them a gentle squeeze, causing him to speak louder than he'd intended.

"I know!" Mom replied. "What an asshole that guy is!"

"Shh." Samantha fondled his balls. "Don't want me to stop do you?"

Not trusting himself, he shook his head vigorously.

"Big balls, they feel awfully full." She tickled them with her fingernails. "All that cum in there for me?"

Cole nodded, the fingers of his left hand gripping the arm of the couch as he struggled not to moan when she went back to jerking him off.

"Bad boy, letting your big sister play with your cock."

"What'd you say, Sammi?" Dad asked, causing another sharp twist to Cole's stomach.

"Just talking about something that's going to happen." She jerked as she spoke as casually as if she were telling dad it was warm outside. "Don't want to spoil it for you."

"Oh, okay, thanks."

"Mom and Dad are right there and here's your big sister playing with your cock." Damn she was bold, even dad hearing her whispering didn't stop her. "Real life sis isn't slutty, but she sure is dirty, isn't she?"

He nodded again as her hand moved faster and he could already feel his legs trembling and his balls getting tighter.

"You have no idea how nasty I am. The things I fantasize about that no guy has ever gotten, because I'm afraid they'll tell people about it."

Cole was getting a pretty good indication of how nasty Samantha was as she seemed fully prepared to make him come while watching TV with their parents. This was something even he'd never thought about writing.

"Come for me," she lifted her head so her lips were right at his ear. "Show your big sister how horny you are from playing with my pussy." She grabbed his wrist and tugged his hand out from under the covers.

"See how sticky your fingers are? Your sister was wet all during dinner, wet from showing you my twat."

She pushed his hand up to his face,

"Sniff it, lick your fingers, get a good taste."

Cole stuck his sticky, and trembling fingers in his mouth and repressed a groan at how good she tasted. His hips were now moving beneath the blanket, thrusting his slick cock though her hand.

"Come on, little brother." Her voice was higher pitched and breathy as if she were getting off herself. "Come for your sister, blow a nice big load for her right next to mommy and daddy."

Cole's knuckles popped as he squeezed the arm of the couch and his legs shook badly as each stroke brought him closer.

"I'm going to stop," she warned. "Ten more strokes is all you get." She stopped for a second then gave his cock a hard stroke. "One"

"Two, three, four," each number was followed by her jerking him. "Five, six...come on, little brother, give it to me."

A soft whimper escaped him as he pumped his hips as much as he could. His balls felt as if they were going to explode and his cock twitched in her hand.

"Seven, eight."

Samantha flicked her tongue across his ear, "I want it, Cole. I want your cum all over my hand, now give it to me!" She pumped furiously, causing the pillow to move beneath his arm.

"Nine, T.... there it is!"

Samantha cooed in his ear as Cole turned his head away from his parents and gritted his teeth as his cock erupted beneath the blanket. She moaned softly in his ear as she kept jerking him, each stoke ending in another squirt into the blanket.

"Hmm, its sliding down," she whispered. "A hot sticky mess all over your big sister's hand."

She slowed her stroking and Cole felt as if his heart were going to burst from his chest as she twisted her wrist each time she reached his head as if she were trying to wring every drop from him.

When his hips stopped moving and his body relaxed, she ran her palm over his head, which at this point was like a raw nerve, causing him to gasp, "Stop!"

"Samantha, stop teasing your brother." Mom said absently from beside the love seat.

"Sorry, Mom, it's just so much fun sometimes!" Samantha laughed, then leaning away from him lifted the covers, and mouthed the word "Look"

Cole peeked under the covers where his sister's fingers were wrapped around his still oozing cock. Cum dripped over her fingers and the back of her hand, and the sight kept him hard despite just blowing a huge load.

She let him go and easing her hand from beneath the blanket lowered her head. Samantha stuck her tongue out and brought her cum covered hand to within an inch of it. Her eyes locked on his as she dipped her tongue lower, the tip wiggling just over a puddle of cum.

She winked and shook her head. Holding her hand low so their parents couldn't see it if they turned around, she leaned over and grabbed the box of tissues from the end table between the couch and loveseat.

Plucking a couple out, she quickly wiped her hand off, then shoved the wadded up tissues along with the box into Cole's lap.

Giving him a quick peck on the cheek, she tossed her half of the blanket over him, and stood up.

"I'm starting to doze; think I'm going to bed."

"Night honey," Mom called out as without another look in his direction, Samantha left the room.

"Cole you should go to bed too."

Cole looked over at his mother who was peering past dad who was snoring again.

"Yeah, maybe I will." He nodded as his hands were busy under the blanket wiping cum from his cock. He was going to have to toss it in the wash first thing in the morning in case he missed any.

"No maybe's," Mom said sternly. "You're red as a beet and your face is all sweaty."

"He was fine a little while ago," Dad, awake again from Mom's talking pointed out.

"True, but sometimes things like this can hit you quick." Mom pointed out.

"You're right Mom." He had to hold back a grin as he shoved the soiled tissues into his sweats so they wouldn't see them. "It did come on pretty fast."

Tales of My Slutty Sister

Chapter Twenty Nine

Cole makes things right.

Author's note: By the time you read this, you will see my other stories have been removed. This chapter, the last one I will write, will explain why.

Cole rocked nervously from one foot to the other as he stood outside Samantha's bedroom. He raised his hand to knock, then lowered it. He'd done that a dozen times in the fifteen minutes he'd been standing in the hallway.

He knew he needed to talk to Samantha and for a good reason; to apologize for being such an absolute piece of shit to his big sister. For the last three days, ever since he'd gotten that e-mail from 'Brotherlylover' calling him out for being cruel and mistreating a sister that he should cherish, he'd felt like shit.

Not that he hadn't gotten a few of those comments before, but this one was far longer, more detailed, and not attacking, but rather imploring him to stop making the mistakes he had. In the e-mail Brotherlylover, who said his name was Curt, had claimed he had lived a similar situation to Cole's, that he too would black mail or trick his sister, Cheryl, into sex.

Also, like Cole, he would be demeaning and humiliate her during sex, and go out of his way to make her feel bad. One day Cheryl broke down in tears and asked why he was so mean to her. She pointed out how they'd been inseparable when they were younger, and how she always looked out for him.

Cheryl had stuck up for him in school, with their parents, and helped him in anyway she could. She'd even helped him get, and keep, his first and at the time only girlfriend and had been genuinely happy for him.

But since he'd developed his taboo sexual desire for her, he'd been nothing but an asshole to her. She'd told him it broke her heart that he would treat her that way, that he would use her for sex, and nasty hardcore rough and degrading sex, and never so much as a kiss or word of affection.

Curt went on to say how her words had caught him off guard, and he had nothing to say. Cheryl told him to get the fuck out of his room, and her life, and if he wanted to tell their parents about some of the things, he'd held over her head to go for it, she didn't care because she no longer had to.

Curt hadn't understood what the last part meant, but when he went to his room thought about her words and realized she was right. He'd been a real piece of shit to her, and for what? Sex he shouldn't even be having?

He justified it by saying Cheryl forced him to do it, always good grades, always working, always pretty, always funny, always perfect, and their parents seemed to favor her. He'd been jealous and bitter and when he'd seen a chance to make her pay, he had.

Sitting there with the image of his tear streaked sister's face burned into his mind, Curt realized she had been right. How could he treat her that way? For years his sister had been everything to him, his best friend, playmate, confidant, partner in crimes, buffer between him and his parents, and anything else he'd ever needed.

Curt vowed he would talk to her the next day and try and make things right.

The next day his sister was gone.

She had told their parents a couple of days ago she was taking a weeklong trip to New York to visit a friend from high school who had moved there. Cheryl hadn't mentioned the trip to Curt, nor did she mention to her parents that she didn't plan on coming back.

She'd called after the week was up to say her friend was getting her a job, and she would be staying with her and her family. The folks were upset and took a ride up there to see her. They had wanted to bring Curt, but his sister said she didn't want to see him.

Curt spent two days scared shitless Cheryl would tell them what he did to her. When they came home they told him, Cheryl had said she was leaving because of him, but wouldn't say why. Curt played dumb, after all, what could he say? "I fucked her like a pig?"

His parents had remained upset with him for weeks to the point he moved out to live with two friends who had just gotten their own place. Curt tried to call Cheryl several times, and eventually took the trip to New York only to have his sister's friend tell him he wasn't welcome there, and if he came by again, they would call the cops.

A few months later he heard from one of her friends Cheryl had moved to Florida. Two years went by with no word of where she was or what she was doing. His parents had disowned him over 'whatever it was you did to your sister' so he had no way to find out.

One day he received a letter, from a PO Box in Tampa. Included was a photo of a baby, and a short note that read.

"Thought you might want to know you have a nephew, his name is Sam, after his dad, my husband of the last year. I hope all is well with you, but don't try to contact me, I still, and always will, hate you for how you treated me.

Funny thing is it wasn't you wanting to have sex with me that hurt me, it was how cruel you were. Had you come to me and confessed your feelings and been nice to me, shown some affection and love for me, I would have let you be with me. Why? Because it would have helped you, and I always helped you.

Who knows? Maybe it would have awoken the same forbidden desire in me, and we could have enjoyed each other in a way most siblings never do. But you had to be an asshole and treat me like a filthy whore.

Have a nice life.

Your former sister, Cheryl."

Curt never did speak to his sister again, and eventually as catharsis began writing on Literotica. All of his stories were sibling romances where the brother adored his sister and although the sex was steamy and at times downright raunchy, there was love and forbidden romance to go with it.

He closed the e-mail by saying he'd sent the same message to a few other sibling authors who his gut told him might be writing from either real experience or some repressed negative feelings about their sister.

He wanted to help them to not make the mistake he had and destroy their relationship, taboo or otherwise, with their sister. The e-mail was hard to brush off, and Cole found himself thinking heavily on it.

Samantha wasn't really all that ditzy, she just made dumb mistakes here and there. Nor was she slutty, but he called her those things because it bothered her, and he realized he was getting off on hurting her feelings as much as the sex itself.

She had always been good to him, and if he kept going it might not get as dramatic as Curt's situation had, but he could push her away and ruin things between them. Cole didn't want that to happen, and knew he had to man up and make things right.

Even if it meant no more sex or dirty games, he would at least know he and Samantha could still love each other in a normal sibling way, and grow up together, and be aunt and uncle to each other's kids and all the other good things that came with family.

Before he could lose his nerve, he knocked on her door.

"Mom?"

"No, its Cole, can I talk to you?"

He heard her walk across her room and she opened the door a few inches.

"What is it, Cole?"

"I just want to talk."

"Talk about what? You find out I got a bad grade and want me to suck you off, so you won't tell Mom and Dad?"

Cole looked away as her words really made him feel like an ass on the heels of that letter.

"Well? What's the matter? You debating whether blowing you is enough or if you want me to get on my knees and tell you what a pig I am while you bang me?"

"I...just really need to talk to you, sis." He met her gaze and reaching through the door, took her hand. "Please."

Samantha frowned. "Please? What's the matter?"

"Can I come in?"

"Sure," she opened the door and stepped aside. You okay, Cole?"

"Not really," he spoke as she closed the door behind him. "Why do you ask, do I look like something's wrong?"

"No, but that was two minutes of you not calling me a slut or a ditz and not making a sex remark. And you even said, please. Figure you must be sick or in trouble."

"Wow, you're walking right into this." He sat down on the edge of her bed and patted it for her to sit next to him.

"I knew it!" Samantha hissed. "But you probably mean backing into it or riding it."

Samantha wore a pink night shirt with a fuzzy cat and the word 'purrfect' under it. As she walked over to the bed, she grabbed the bottom of it and pulled it up over her waist.

"Fine, let's just get this over with. How do you want me?"

She didn't have panties on, and continued to tug up the nightshirt, exposing not just her smooth pink cleft, but her perky tits. For the first time in months the sight of his sister's body didn't arouse him.

"Put your shirt back on, I really just want to talk."

Samantha paused with the nightshirt over her tits, as if waiting for him to drop the other shoe, but when he didn't say anything, she pulled it back down and came over to the bed.

"Something really is wrong then?" She sat down next to him. "You sick, something happen at school or work?"

"Damn, sis, you really know how to make me feel bad."

"What do you mean?"

"All the shitty things I've been doing to you, and here you are worried about me."

"I'm your sister, I'll always worry about you."

"And that's why I'm here." He turned on the bed so he could face her. "That's a cute shirt by the way."

"Thanks, you bought it for me, remember?"

"I did?"

"Kind of, it was with the gift card to Kohls you gave me for Christmas."

"You look cute, too." He gave her a weak smile. "Like you in a ponytail and no make-up, girl next door."

"There's my perv brother," She rolled her eyes. "You told me my ponytail makes a great handle."

"Yeah, about that." He took her hands in his, noting the odd look she gave him when he did. "Samantha, I'm really sorry."

"Huh? For what?"

"What do you mean for what? Everything the last few months. Forcing you into sex, making fun of you when we do it, treating you like a slut."

"You're sorry?" She cocked her head and looked at him suspiciously. "You weren't sorry a few days ago when you came all over my face and made me leave it on there while you told me to play with myself until you got hard enough to fuck me again."

"Yes, I'm sorry. I...it sounds kind of weird, but I found something on the internet written by a brother who used to do what I've been doing."

"Blackmailing his sister for sex?" She grunted. "Must make you feel good to know you're not the only deviant out there."

"The point of this guy writing this was he really fucked things up with his sister, and she never spoke to him again. I...I don't ever want that to be us."

"Really?" Samantha squeezed his hands. "You mean that?"

"I do, look, sis, I can't help that I started seeing you in that way. Not sure where it started, but it did, and it was embarrassing and made me feel like a loser. I mean what guy wants to bang his sister?'

"At least one other one, I guess." She gave him a smile, but it made him feel worse that she wasn't arguing with him but being nice. "Actually, a lot of them seeing how much sis and step sis porn there is."

"But those movies are for people to just get off to because they know they shouldn't or can't do anything with their sister. I decided I needed it, and instead of coming to you and admitting how I feel, I used some of the mistakes you made to take it in a nasty way."

"Very nasty, kind of sleazy and downright low." Her smile faded.

"You're right, and I just want to let you know that even though I know it's not enough, all I can do is say I'm sorry, and it will never happen again." He shifted his hand and hooked his pinky around hers. "Pinky swear, like when we were little."

"You're serious? No more dirty tricks and making me into a cheap," she scowled. "What did you make me call myself? A cum dumpster?"

"No more, promise. And I'm not looking for you to forgive me, just asking that you maybe give me a chance to just be a good brother and be good to you the way you have to me."

"And this is from some post you saw somewhere?"

"Yeah, it really hit me hard." He put his hand on her shoulder. "You're my big sister and you always looked out for me. You played with me when I didn't have any friends, you covered for my dumb shit with mom and dad when I was little, you even helped me hook up with my first girlfriend, and gave me advice to keep her happy."

"I did do that. Honestly, its why all those nasty things you'd say to me really hurt. I always tried to be good to you."

"And you always were. I was nothing but an asshole. I let my damn dick and some sick videos I saw online get to me. That and I kind of took it out on you that I wanted you, and I used all that to justify treating you like shit.

"You're not just my sister, you're my friend, and a lot of other things to me. I..." he was surprised to find he was choking up. "I love you, sis, and I want to be able to say that for the rest of our lives and to hear you say it back."

"Cole, that's so sweet." Her blue eyes were filling up and she threw her arms around him, hugging him tightly. "I love you little brother, even though you've been a real shit."

"I never will be again." He hugged her back and felt his own eyes welling up.

"Don't make promises you can't keep." She laughed in his ear. "We're brother and sister, being a shit to each other is going to happen."

"Yeah, but most brothers don't blackmail their sister into anal sex."

"True," she eased back from him. "And other sister's think their brothers are a pain in the ass."

"That," he tried not to laugh, but when she burst out laughing, he couldn't help himself. "That was good."

"Like Dad says sometimes you either laugh or cry about things and laughing is a lot better."

"Well, I hope I never make you cry, ever." Cole told her.

"Can I ask you something?"

"Anything, I owe you a lot, Samantha. I plan on making everything up to you somehow."

"Careful, I have a lot of chores to do and my car needs some work."

"I'll take care of all of it," he promised. "What did you want to ask?"

"Why were you attracted to me?"

"Why wouldn't I be?"

"You're my brother."

"Right, well I guess some videos I watched might have put the idea in my head, made me look at you a little different, and when I did, I realized something."

"What's that?"

"That you're not just sexy, but you're beautiful, and you're sweet. You're funny, you've always been good to me, and you're good to people in general. You're everything a guy could want, except in this case you're my sister."

"You think I'm beautiful?" She giggled. "For real?"

"Look at you. Those big blue eyes, that huge smile, your hair, you're gorgeous."

"Oh, now I'm gorgeous!" She clapped her hands. "You always made fun of my smile, said my lips are too big." She smirked. "Only good for one thing, right?"

"Good for lots of things, like smiling and using that silly little pout on dad and sometimes me. You have a great smile because its not perfect, but its you, and when you smile you make me want to smile."

"You should give lessons on smooth talking. My boyfriend's never said things like that."

"Then they were idiots and I hope you meet the guy who can appreciate you for not just your looks, but for who you are, and everything about you."

"Maybe I already met him."

"Who? I didn't know you were dating anyone."

"I'm not." She turned serious. "You mean everything you just said? Its not just trying to smooth things over?"

"You asked why I started thinking about you like that, and that's the truth. You're the hottest girl I know, and you've always been way better to me than I deserve. You're like everything in one package, sister, friend, and...lover, but I blew the lover part."

"Thought I blew it, lots of times." She laughed and again it made him follow suit.

"Glad you can joke it off," he told her. "But I'm taking it seriously. "No more sick games."

"Good."

"Thanks for letting me apology and for going easy on me." He went to stand. "Another thing I don't deserve."

"Hold on." She caught his arm. "Don't go anywhere."

"Sorry, thought we were done."

"I think you should tell me how you feel about me."

"I just did,"

"I think you should start over. Like you never did those nasty things to me. Like you came in here to tell me what you were thinking about."

"Why?"

"Because I want to hear how you would have done it in the nice way." She poked him in the arm. "You said you'd do anything for me, so that's what I want."

"Fair enough." He thought about it for a minute. "Samantha, I know you're my sister, but lately I've been looking at you in a different way."

"What kind of way?"

"The kind of way a brother shouldn't think about his sister."

"Like...you want me?" She widened her eyes as if this were news to her.

"I think you're pretty and sexy and all I can think about is being with you. I dream about it; I fantasize about it. I watch all kinds of sister videos and wish it was us doing those things."

"Is it just lust, or do you like me?"

"Honestly, at first it was lust, but the more I thought of you, the more I thought about all of you. I want to be good to you and make you happy in a way I have no right thinking of."

"I'm glad you told me," she smiled. "Will that make you feel better?"

"I guess, but you know, its not going to make it go away, but might be easier to deal with. If nothing else, now I'll be embarrassed because you know when I look at you, I'm thinking how bad I want you."

"That will be frustrating." She put her hand on his cheek. "I always try to help you with your problems. Maybe I can help you with this one."

Cole recalled the letter Cheryl had written to Curt where she'd said if he had approached her, maybe she would have helped him. Was that where this was going?

"How?"

"I don't think you're going to feel better until you experience it." Samantha looked up at him through her long lashes.

"Cole, would you like to kiss your sister?"

"Kiss you?"

"The one thing we've never done." Samantha stepped out of role play mode. "Done every nasty thing you could think of, but you never kissed me. Kissing is what you do when you want someone for more than their mouth or body."

She reached back and removed her hair from the ponytail, so it fell down over her shoulders and framed her face.

"If you think I'm pretty, and sweet and have feelings for me, you'd want to kiss me."

"I do want to kiss you," Cole took her face in his hands and smiled when she closed her eyes and parted her lips. "Really are gorgeous you know."

"Talks cheap," she kept her eyes closed. "Just kiss me."

Cole gently pressed his lips to hers and immediately wondered why he'd never kiss ed her before. Her full sensual lips were so soft, and the way she sighed softly when their lips met was one of the sexiest sounds he'd heard from her.

It wasn't a moan or squeal, or even sexual. It was a sigh of contentment, the sound of someone who had gotten something they'd looked forward to. Samantha kissed him back, pressing her lips more firmly to his, and working them side to side, teasing them across his mouth. 

She slipped her arms around his shoulders as she kissed him harder. Cole dropped his arms and put them around her waist, pulling her slender body against his. Samantha moaned and her fingers ran through his hair, her nails lightly caressing his scalp.

He got his hands under her shirt and slid them back up, his palms gliding over the soft smooth skin of her back. Samantha flicked her tongue across his lips and when he parted them, she slipped it into his mouth.

His tongue met hers and they played over each other as they opened their mouths wide, their kiss turning deeper and more passionate. Cole was as hard as he'd ever been for her and gripping the bottom of her shirt tugged upwards.

Her arms dropped and her hands caught his wrists. She finished their kiss with a quick peck to his lips, then leaned back and pushed his hands away.

"Just a kiss, so you know what its like." Samantha was no longer smiling. "Everything else you already know what it feels like because you made me keep doing it."

"And I'm sorry. I thought you believed me?"

"I do, and that's why I wanted to give you a taste of doing it the nice way. The way you might have gotten it if you came to me like you did just now."

He'd been looking down, and she took his chin in her hand, lifting his head until their eyes met.

"You're my brother, and even though you hurt me, I know you were confused and frustrated and maybe denying there was more to this than just sex. I will forgive you, Cole, but its going to take some time to forget all the shitty things you said and did to me."

"I understand." He nodded into her hand.

"I let you kiss me so you could see what you could have had. I'm not saying we could have been something. I'm not sure how far I would have let you go if I was the one who had an actual choice, but there's a chance I could have given you what you wanted to make you feel better."

"But you went the other way and bullied me into what you wanted. That little kiss which I know you really enjoyed is my way of telling you that you fucked up. Call it my payback that I made sure you know what you lost because other than a brotherly hug or kiss on the cheek that's the last time you'll ever touch me."

Her eyes were filling up again and this time it was her who looked away.

"Get it?"

"I got it," he swallowed against the emotion rising in his throat. "I...I just want us to be okay."

"We will be, but even though I'm choosing to forgive you, it hurt, and you need to give me some space and time to forget all this and pretend it never happened."

"Whatever it takes," he whispered. "I just want to be able to know my nieces or nephews."

"Huh?"

"Something in that e-mail. I want us to be family forever and be auntie and uncle someday."

"God, Cole, where was all these nice thoughts before?" She wiped at her eyes. "You're making me think there could have been some kind of weird thing between us, but happy weird."

"There still..." He caught himself. "I threw that away the first time I blackmailed you and made you get me off. This mess is all on me, and I'm sorry for all the pain I caused you...us kind of."

"We'll get past it." Samantha gave him a weak smile. "But I don't want to talk anymore. I was good in the beginning, but now I feel like crying not laughing, and I want to do it alone."

"Right." He stood up. "Night, sis."

"Night."

Cole walked to her door, and had just opened it, when she spoke behind him.

"Your big sister loves you, Cole. Always have, always will. But just never in that way."

"Thanks." Cole whispered hoarsely, quickly leaving the room and closing the door behind him.

He wiped at his wet cheeks as the tears fell.

His sister still loved him, and that was all that mattered.

Author's Note: To anyone who made it through this mess, you're probably wondering what the fuck was this about? I wrote Tales of my Slutty Sister because I am obsessed with my big sister and wrote these stories to blow off steam and share my fantasies with people who have the same kink.

I changed our names, where we live, work, and go to school. The version of 'Samantha' in this story is not true. My real-life sister is smart, hardworking, sweet, loving, and the best big sister a loser like me could hope for. Because I am a loser. I'm the one always in trouble, the one who works a crap job because I didn't want to go to college because I have no idea what I want to do.

I've had one girlfriend in my life and that's because my sister all but asked her out for me and taught me how to be good to her. A few days ago, my sister found my stories which is why they are now all deleted. Reading those stories broke her heart because of how badly I treated her in them.

I portrayed her that way because I'm a petty jealous jerk who took my own insecurities-and sexual frustration over my desire for her- out on her. This story is both an apology to her, and a warning to anyone like me. If you want your sister, and decide to write about her for some catharsis, it is a great way to get it out and have some fun with the great readers here.

But don't be like me. Even in fiction show your sister, or mom, or dad, or whoever you write about here, some respect. Show you love and appreciate them as much as you lust for them. Respect them, and yourself, by having some class. In other words, don't be that guy because I'm that guy and I can only hope 'my Samantha' can forgive me the way story Samantha could.

Goodbye my friends, it's been a lot of fun.

Hot4mysis.

Cole leaned back from the computer and released a long sigh. It was two am, and he'd started the story at midnight. A good couple of hours of power writing, especially considering he'd stopped a couple times because he'd teared up more than once.

He'd gone to bed a little after ten, waiting for the folks to call it quits and head up. Cole had taken the blanket downstairs and washed it and tossed it in the dryer. If mom looked for it in the morning, he'd tell her he spilled juice on it after they went to bed.

Cole had gone upstairs, and still wired from the hot and risky scene with Samantha on the couch, he'd gone online. The first thing he'd seen was the e-mail from Literotica notifying him his stories would be deleted in 24 hours and if he changed his mind to contact them.

He'd felt a wave of sadness that all that work would be gone. The site had been good for him, not just getting out his dirty thoughts, but he was liked there.

He had made it on the top lists and people liked and commented on his work every day. Seeing e-mails complimenting his stories and asking for more were like little doses of confidence and self esteem and made his day.

Cole had looked again at a few of the comments criticizing him about the way he abused his sister in the stories. Samantha's emotional conversation with him had proved them to be right, he'd hurt her, and doing that to her bothered him more than he'd realized.

It had taken all the good feelings his stories created for him and turned them to shit because in a sense they'd come at the cost of Samantha's feelings. On the other hand,...the last two days he'd pretty much lived his stories.

Samantha had turned from justified anger and tears into a character from Taboo Stories. The dry humping orgasm on his knee and letting him jack off on her was surprising to say the least. But it paled to what had just happened tonight.

Cole brought his fingers to his nose and sniffed them. Talk about the old joke about never washing your hands again. Samantha had literally shoved his fingers inside her, then jerked him off!

What was her game? Had she done a 360 and was now turned on? She had to be, why else would she do that with him? Maybe in her mind she was screwing with him not only didn't diminish his lust for her, it had increased it because every waking moment was now spent with wondering how far she'd go.

Blow job? Letting him eat her, sex? Or would this be the end, and she'd just toyed with him like a cock teasing girl would to a guy she was only semi interested in? Regardless, seeing the e-mail from the site made him think about how crappy he'd treated her there and he wished he would have taken the more 'loving' taboo approach.

She'd still be mad, but maybe feel less cheap. Cole had said he was sorry, but she'd still been angry and hurt and he was sure his words didn't mean squat. Not to mention Cole was lousy with words, at least speaking them because he seemed to have the knack for putting them down in written form.

That had given him the idea for some closure for story Cole and his sister. He'd felt bad his stories would just vanish and his fans would have no idea why. But what if he wrote a send off chapter?

It would go up the day after the others vanished, but it would be on the new story lists and any fans who had signed up for alerts would be notified it was there. Cole had sat up and opened up a word document and stared at the blank white page, tapping his fingers lightly on the keyboard.

He would write it as a confession and apology and toss in something that would steer anyone away from the way too obvious way he'd written about their real selves. He knew he'd get a lot of flak with there being no sex in the chapter, and even more because of the sad ending of no more sibling fucking.

That flew in the face of what that site thrived on, and that was pretty much incestuous fucking where many stories didn't have an ounce of a plot, but just sex. Other stories had depth and conflict, but still ended in fucking and good old fashioned taboo family fun.

This was a pisser of an ending to a sex filled series, and one that had more realism than most. How dare someone throw in real repercussions of dubious consent incest? It would be his swan song, and a lame one to most of his readers.

It was mostly for his sister, but if anyone did get his warning, and the story helped them not to be the shithead he was, then it would be worth it.

Cole's finger hovered over the submit button. Would posting this piss her off? It shouldn't, He was using it to dispel the thought "Cole and Samantha' were real, and showing he knew what a dick he'd been.

Still...

Cole decided to send it to her and ask if it would be okay to post his apologetic farewell. He clicked on her e-mail address in his list and attached the story with a quick note.

"Samantha, I'd like to post this last story. My others will be gone before it comes out, but I wanted to kind of say goodbye on the site and apologize to both story sis and to you. I want it to serve as a message that anyone like me should not be like me. Look and let me know, if it bothers you, I won't do it."

He clicked send, and shutting his laptop down, went to bed. His last thought before he drifted off was of the story, and what it would be like to kiss his sister, a simple act he'd never once included in his stories or thought of until the other night.

There was an old joke that doing something lame would be like 'kissing your sister', as in it didn't count or wasn't a real kiss.

Something told Cole, kissing his sister would be damn amazing.

Chapter 10

Cole opened his eyes to his cell ringing on the nightstand behind him. With a groan he rolled over to see it was eight am. Who the hell would call him now? Mom and dad had both left for work already so he doubted it would be them.

He hoped it wasn't work. He was working the noon to nine shift, which he enjoyed because he could sleep in. He could always use a few extra hours if someone called out, but he hadn't fallen asleep until three.

Cole picked up his phone and squinting his still blurry eyes at the screen saw it was Samantha. What the hell was she doing up, she worked the night shift today.

"What?" he grunted into the phone.

"Good morning to you too, sunshine!" She chirped in his ear. "You answered me the same way on Sunday, after last night, I figured you'd be a little nicer."

"Sorry," he paused and cleared his throat as his voice sounded as thick as his head felt. "Was up late."

"I know, you sent that e-mail just before three."

The e-mail! His head cleared and he sat up, his heart now racing.

"I sent it right after I wrote it. I didn't think you'd be up this early to see it though."

"Was up late myself. Lot of things on my mind these days." Samantha paused. "You want to talk?"

"Now?"

"Mom and Dad aren't home, and you don't work until noon, right?"

"Yeah."

"Let's talk while we have some time without worrying about being interrupted."

"You want to meet downstairs? I'll make pancakes?" Cole offered.

"You do make awesome pancakes," she laughed. "Can't make anything else, but somehow they're great."

"Then I'll make you some. I'll toss some chocolate chips in."

"Maybe you can make me breakfast later. For now, just come to my room."

"Give me a minute."

Cole ended the call, then shut the ringer off in case work did call. This conversation was more important than a couple extra hours. He climbed out of bed, and after donning a pair of shorts and a faded Bruins t-shirt, left his room.

He stopped to use the bathroom and brush his teeth and gave himself a couple of sprays of deodorant, so he didn't seem as gross as he felt. He knew it was more than caring about hygiene but stalling as much as he could because he had no idea what Samantha was going to say to him.

He wet his hair and quickly ran his fingers through it before taking a deep breath and whispering to hui's reflection. "Well, here we go."

Cole went down to Samantha's room and she called out 'come in' when he knocked.

As soon as he walked in, he froze.

Samantha was wearing the "Purrfect" night shirt he'd put in the story.

Seeing him staring, she laughed. "Nice touch? I forgot I had it, but I guess you didn't. Like it?"

"Its cute." He closed her door and went to sit in the chair by her desk, but she waved him over, patting the side of the bed next to her.

"Am I cute? Girl next door cute?" She beamed at him. "Or am I gorgeous? Can't be both can I?"

"You are both, like now, you look cute. But when your hair's done and you're dressed up, you look amazing. Like a woman."

"I am a woman dummy," she sighed. "You can dole out a nice compliment, but you need to know what to stop."

Cole sat down next to her.

"I mean you look more mature, like a woman, and not my sister."

"Little better."

"What did you think of the chapter? Can I post it?"

"If its important to you to say goodbye to your fans, then that's fine."

"It is. Sounds dumb, but that site made me feel kind of important. People there liked what I wrote, and I got a lot of compliments and good feedback."

"You deserve it, you're a good storyteller. You know, if you wrote about things other than sex, you could make some money on it."

"People make money on that stuff; I just didn't think anyone would pay for it."

"Really? Then why don't you write some stuff without the characters being us and make some money?"

"Cause I'm not that good, Literotica is a wank site mostly."

"Cole, you're a good writer. I saw you're on a lot of the popular lists and other stories get the shit bombed out of them and all kinds of nasty insults. You don't get those."

"No, but..." he frowned. "Why do you care?"

"Because imagine how good you'd feel if people paid for it."

"Maybe, but you wouldn't care I still wrote that kind of stuff?"

"Like I said, as long as its not about me. You could try other stuff too, plenty of other kinks. You do have a knack for a good sex scene."

"You're busting my chops."

"Can I ask you a question?"

"I came here to talk," he reminded her.

"Did you really get that e-mail?"

"That?" He shrugged. "I did get one the day you went off on me that made me realize what I did wrong, but it wasn't that detailed, and they never mentioned losing a sister over it. I was going to start the story just with Cole and Samantha talking, but it didn't seem like a full story. That and Cole hadn't shown any regret, so I needed a foil to give him cause to have those feelings."

"Foil?'

"That's like a plot thing. The letter could have been less detailed, but I like to embellish, but sometimes I get self-indulgent because I like writing."

"It was a good touch, believable."

"I still get caught up in show versus tell, I try to show, but I end up in tell mode. Better than I was though."

"You should hear yourself, Cole. You sound passionate. You sound excited. Why don't you check out some writing courses? You write great with just raw talent; you learn the ropes, you'd be awesome."

"I don't know. That costs money."

"Mom and Dad would pay for you to take courses, and you know it."

"I tell them, hey I like writing porn and I want to get better?"

"Write a couple of regular stories and show them,"

"Never wrote anything that wasn't dirty." He sighed.

"Writing is a gift and you have it. You could write whatever you wanted to. I know you can."

"Samantha why are we talking about this? We have more important things going on than my writing."

"You're important to me, and that look on your face when you were describing writing is the most enthusiasm I've seen from you in a long time. I don't like that you think you're a loser. You don't feel like a loser writing, so fucking write."

"That's a pep talk." He grinned. "Big sis style."

"Big sis wants you to be happy and find your place and have some goals."

"Okay, I'll try to write something non pervy. Thanks for letting me upload the last story."

"Last free story. You're going to take those stories you deleted and change the names and not make the brother such a dink and sell them. You won't get comments, but you'll get money, much bigger compliment."

"I have to find covers, I'll check into it, there's people on the site that sell I can ask them for some help."

"There you go then."

"What about us, Samantha." He gestured to her. "You got me confused, you were so mad the other night. Then you were crying and telling me I broke your heart. Next day you're humping my leg, and last night...well, you know."

"I do know, I was there." Samantha put her elbows on her knees and rested her chin in her palms. "Have to tell you, Cole, I'm a little confused myself."

"Talk to me then, I mean, if you can trust me."

"I doubt you could repeat this conversation to anyone. You know what its about, and I'm sure you're confused too."

"Is it about the way you've been acting?" Cole asked. "Because I got to say you went from wanting to kill me to living out one of my stories pretty quick."

"You're right, I did," Samantha agreed. "I'd say it's messed up, and I guess to anyone else it would be, but you started this so maybe you'll understand."

"Being that I'm the one who spent the last six months wanting my sister, you're right; I can't judge anything you're feeling."

"When I found those stories I was pissed, seriously pissed. Not just mad, but when I skimmed a couple of them, I felt...dirty. Like what did I do to get you to see me like that? Then I got mad again because it wasn't my fault you got your wires crossed."

"No, it was all me."

"You saw my real reaction. How mad I was, then how hurt I was you made me into a damn cumslut which is what you called me in a couple of them."

"Sorry."

"I know you are. Been thinking a lot the last couple days and know you were taking out some misplaced anger on me, and pretty much writing base desires and not thinking about me as a person, just an object."

"But for some reason, and I did tell you this, I searched around the site because I found it hard to believe brother sister stuff was that big. I skimmed a few more stories and got more pissed because a lot of them had a lot of affection."

"You told me that."

"I'll tell you again!" she snapped with a tone. "I have to get this out."

"Go ahead," he made as if he were zipping his lips.

"After I went off on you, I cried a little while and couldn't sleep. I don't know why, but I went back to that site. I read a couple of stories and...they got me horny."

"Whoa," Cole whispered. "But not mine?"

"No, the ones I read were about conflict and forbidden love, but when the brother or sister confessed their feelings and had sex? It was hot, and I don't know why I felt that way. In one story they made slow sweet love, and that got me even more wound up.

"I'm not a love making type. I like to be affectionate, but sex to me should be raunchy and fun, and there's plenty of other ways to be sweet and loving. But it was just the way they said they loved each other and went slow and easy and fell asleep in each other's arms. The way something so wrong was made to seem so right. It got me.

"I read a few more and in one the sister found out her brother wanted her but didn't tell him. Instead she teased him and got all hot and bothered knowing he was hard over her. That game by the pool?" She gave him a rueful smile. "I got that from a story."

"They made you think of us?"

"The things I said to you by the pool were true. I'm a little bit of an exhibitionist. I get off knowing guys are looking and thinking about me. I do have nasty fantasies and dreams about the things I said.

"The last couple days you've seen I have a dirty mind. I watch a lot of porn, and with a guy I like I'll be dirty for them, but I still hold back. Something always happens and we break up, and then I feel cheap I gave those things to them.

"Todd talking about me drove it home that until I meet the right guy, I either have to hold back in bed or risk them talking about me."

"But if you like guys thinking about you, wouldn't you like the idea that they know what you're like and they wish it was them?" Cole shrugged. "Seems like you would."

"Difference is in my head it stays there, when they talk it gets around, and I don't want guys thinking I'm easy and they'll get that from me. I know it's hard to understand but think of it as fantasy versus reality. Porn is porn for a reason, no consequences."

"I guess I can follow that."

"You have no idea how much I love sex, and how much I think about it. I go through batteries like a hot knife through butter. I imagine all kinds of things from gang bangs to rough sex, to guys just jacking off all over my naked body."

"You should write some stories yourself."

"No, I'm lousy with that. They helped you get it out, they would just frustrate me more. But like I said at the pool. The idea my brother saw me that way became a huge turn on. Sounds arrogant, but it was like I'm so sexy my damn brother wants me!"

"That does sound conceited." He laughed. "But its true. You're so damn fine, sis."

"I'm okay, I guess," she gave him a sly smile. "But when I saw it that way I...started to like the idea. Know why?"

"Because its about as dirty as you can get?"

"That too, but if you're paying attention it goes back to what I was talking about with other guys." She looked at him expectantly, and his mind raced. Think...think...

He snapped his fingers. "I can't tell anyone!"

"Exactly. You could in stories, I guess, and already did in a way, but you're getting rid of them."

"Gone early tomorrow."

"If you write more, they could be about us, but you'll make them look different and new names and all that creative stuff."

Cole was going to respond, but her words sank in. 'They could be about us' was she telling him there could be something more happening between them?

"Point is, you can't go around bragging to your friends, now could you?" She looked his way and had that sexy little smile he'd seen a lot of the last couple days. "Unless you say you have a new girl, but don't tell anyone who and tell them the things I did to you. That could be kind of hot."

"Guys shouldn't brag. Act like you've been there before and will be again, and if you talk you won't get anymore." He smiled as he repeated what she'd told him with Katy. "Dirty secrets are more fun..."

"When they're secret." Samantha finished with him. "Good advice if I say so myself."

"You just did."

"The idea I could be as nasty as I want to be, and with someone who literally could never say a word, really got to me. I was so fucking wet when I thought about acting out that pool scene with you."

"You were really wet."

"So wet I got off on your damn leg. I haven't come by humping anything since I used to use that big teddy bear."

"Mister Wiggles?" Cole exclaimed. "Damn, no wonder his eyes were so big!"

Samantha burst out laughing. "Yup, poor Mister Wiggles got molested a lot when I was young."

"That's funny."

"That's something we never talk about again."

"Got it."

"I told myself I wouldn't take it any farther than the pool. But your reaction. How hard your cock was when you hit my ass with it. How your hot cum felt on me, I jilled off four times on Monday, and I knew I had to touch you, and get you off myself. I wanted to feel you in my hand, feel your cock pulse and throb and know it was so hard because of me."

"Last night was fun."

"It was, and with mom and dad right there." She sighed, but it sounded closer to a moan. "I've always wanted to play a game like that, but if that was a boyfriend sitting with me, Mom and Dad would be watching like hawks."

"But they'd never think we'd do anything."

"Hiding in plain sight." Samantha nodded. "My mind has been racing with all the things we could do. The fun we could have, the way we could be each other's dirty secret."

Cole shifted as his cock was liking what he was hearing.

"But its not that simple. Just like with the guys I've dated, they have to mean something to me, and I never want to be made to feel like a slut. I'll be a bad girl, but that bad girl is a gift for a good guy who likes me for more than that."

"The way I treated you in the stories is what you don't want."

"Exactly. I don't mind some playful name calling during sex, but there's a right way to do it. You wrote demeaning and degrading things and said them mean. That's not cool, Cole. There's a right and wrong way to talk dirty to a girl, am I making sense?

"I think so."

"That's why lust is best when its sprinkled with love. When there's love and a guy calls a girl 'his dirty little slut' it's just a game. Spices things up a little, but at that points its playful because I know how they really feel, and they say sweet things all the time too."

Cole's shoulders slumped and his cock deflated as fast as it had risen.

"This is sounding a lot like the chapter I sent you. I might have had a chance if I weren't such a goddamn tool."

"Story you was a tool. Writing about me like that was a d-bag thing to do, especially with our real names and too much detail."

"You're saying what I just said, I'm an asshole and an idiot. We have always talked about things, I should have come to you, and told you how I felt. But I was so embarrassed and afraid you'd hate me."

"I could never hate you, Cole."

"But you could be upset with me. If I told you and you took it badly, then nothing would be the same between us. Every time you were near me you'd think I was thinking about doing things to you, and it would change things between us, and I didn't want to lose you as a friend or a sister."

"See Cole? You don't need to write to say the right things, that was nice." She put her hand on his knee. "That's what I would have wanted to hear, that I mean a lot to you and you wouldn't want to jeopardize that."

"Too little too late. I didn't even know I was being a jerk until you told me."

"You're young Cole. So am I, but I'm a little more mature. You reacted like a horny confused 18 year old boy and those feelings made you angry at yourself and you turned that onto a make believe version of me. You'd never be mean to the real me, I know that."

"Glad you do and thank you for letting me post that story." He started to get up. "Good talk, sis. I don't feel as bad knowing you're a perv too." He gave her a poor attempt at a smile. "This is like my story, a what might have been talk, but at least I know we can be okay."

"Sit down, I'm not finished."

"Your stories told me about your secrets," She began as he remained seated. "I want to be honest with you about mine.

"Sex is a funny thing. We think we know what turns us on, and we know what we're told is wrong." Samantha stared off into space as if she were talking as much to herself as to him.

"I never knew guys staring at me would get me that hot until I started the job a few weeks ago. I'm not even sure what got me thinking about it, but when I saw all the stares, it turned me on more than anything ever had.

"The day I wore the bikini I was wet the entire shift. I've never been that horny." She turned his way. "I'm going to tell you something, and if you ever repeat it? I took screen shots of your stories so even when they're gone, I can still take them to Dad."

"Hey, no need to threaten me," he put his hands up. "Whatever you say stays with me. Like you said, not like these are things we can repeat."

"This one is, and it would be the better blackmail material than anything you used in your stories."

"Now I gotta hear it." He whistled.

"I created a twitter account with a fake name. I posted nudes of myself, and invited guys to Message what they'd do to me. I'd get off to the messages every night."

"Nudes? Like..."

"Like legs wide, pussy spread. fingering myself, playing with my tits. Shoving my vibe up my cunt while I played with my clit. I thought about taking some pics of blowing Todd and posting them, but that would mean he'd be taking the pics and I'd never risk that."

"Damn! Here I am thinking I'm better at you than something, even if its being a perv, and you're beating me at that too!" He gave her a hopeful smile. "Can I see the pics?"

"You've seen the real thing, why would you want a picture?"

"To read the comments and see how hot guys think my sister is." He shrugged. "Your kink would feed mine." He sighed. "Wow, if mom and dad knew."

"They won't. I'd never tell on you, Cole. That was an empty threat to scare you and get some payback."

"I deserved a lot more than that."

"Yeah, you do, because here I was thinking showing myself off would be my only surprise kink, then I saw those stories. It was an instant turn on, and I guess I know how you feel because I called myself sick and told myself I wasn't really into it. When I was angry and hitting you, part of that anger was directed at myself and that made me madder at you."

"Yup, I did that too, felt guilty when I looked at you and got mad at myself. Shit, I felt bad around Mom and Dad because what would they think if they ever found out? But I couldn't stop thinking about it."

"I went from the stories to the videos." Samantha admitted. "The morning I called you from the pool, I'd spent two hours watching clip after clip of brother sister porn. I got off twice, and you saw how wound up I still was by the pool."

"I had to know what it was like, at least some of it. Told myself it wouldn't really count if it was just me rubbing off on you and letting you jack off. The rest of that day and all night I was hornier than ever. I wanted to take it further, to get each other off.

"Figured that would settle me down, but damned if I wasn't hornier than ever after I came upstairs last night."

"Why are you telling me this?" Cole asked. "To just kind of drive home the point from the story? Except instead of a kiss I get to know what a freak you really are and that you'd have been willing to do more?"

"There's a difference between your story and real life."

"Like what?"

"You were never mean to me the way you were in the story. You went behind my back and wrote about me in a bad light, but you don't treat or talk to me like that."

"I'd never talk to you like that or be mean to you."

"I know that. Did you mean what you said in the story? That what mattered was you and I would still be okay?"

"That's why I wrote it. The other stories I wrote for the wrong reasons. I wrote last night's because you made me realize how much you mean to me in all the right ways."

"You should tell me I'm pretty."

"You're more than pretty, you're beautiful."

"You should," she turned to face him. "Tell me you love me."

"I love you, sis." Cole told her. "I don't say it all the time, but..."

"How do you love me?" When he looked confused, she took his hands in hers. "You love me as a sister, maybe a friend in a way. But could you love me in another way?"

"You mean, like girlfriend kind of way?"

"You lust for me, and you love me in the way a brother should love his sister, but you think that love could grow into more?"

"I didn't think about it that way before."

"I have, and I kind of see it like when kids crush on each other when they're young. When a young boy likes a girl, he teases her and sometimes is even mean to her. She'll pretend to hate him and be mad, but its because they both don't know how to deal with their feelings."

"That makes sense," Cole mused. "And brothers and sisters are already like that, they fight, but do care about each other."

"You treated me mean in the stories because you really wanted me, and deep down, maybe your frustration wasn't just over sex itself, but wanting a girl you didn't know you wanted. I never thought of you, but the stories made me feel like a girl who just found out a guy has it bad for me."

She repeated her question. "Do you think there's a part of you that loves me like the ultimate forbidden crush?"

"Like you said about young kids, they act weird because they don't understand what they're feeling until something slaps them in the head." He squeezed her hands. "Seeing you cry over what I did was that smack. You mean everything to me, Samantha. I felt so bad, even story sis needed to know how I felt."

"I like that." She nodded. "I really do. Know what I'd like better?"

"If this mess never happened?"

"No, because sometimes good things can come out of things like this."

"Then what would make this better?"

Samantha gave him an odd smile, and it took him a few seconds to realize what was odd. It was a nervous smile, a shy smile, and totally out of character for his confident sister.

"I'd like it if you'd kiss me." She looked up at him through her long lashes. "Would you like to kiss your big sister?"

"I'd love to kiss you, Samantha."

"Sammi."

"Huh."

"Call me Sammi."

"Dad calls you that," he gasped. "Holy shit, you don't have..."

"Daddy issues, no." She rolled her eyes. "But Dad and Mom are amazing. I want a guy that after 25 years still looks at me the way Dad does Mom. He's a great father, a good man, and amazing husband. He's the ideal guy, and I always told myself when I met that guy, I'd let him call me Sammi, because he'd be my version of dad."

She shrugged. "Kind of silly, but it would be something special just between me and that guy. Sammi is playful, and kind of sassy and sexy. That's how I want to be with the right man. I think about them whispering it in my ear," she sighed. "You're not the only one that feels like a loser sometimes."

"Are you kidding? That's kind of cool, and I never really thought about it, but dad is a great guy. I want to be like him."

"You are like him, just immature and confused over a weird situation. Know what you need, Cole? You need that good girl to take care of you, make you feel good about yourself and get you to chase your passion. A passion like writing because I'll bet you can write any damn thing you put your mind to with someone who believes in you."

"You believe in me?"

"Very much, and I..." she looked away nervously. "Maybe we could be just what we need to each other. I could be your good girl, and you could be that guy who adores me and treats me so good I can be the real me."

She faced him again, and he missed a breath when she sucked on her lower lip. "The real me in every way."

"Um, didn't you want me to kiss you?" He asked in a shaky voice.

"Only if you really want to. Only if this kiss means more than wanting my body but wanting all off me." She tapped her chest. "And as Samantha the person, the woman, not just your sister and object of taboo lust."

She squared her shoulders and took a deep breath.

"I'm going to close my eyes and wait for my kiss. If it doesn't come, then I know we'll just be brother and sister, because all you really have is lust and I won't settle for that. If I get my kiss it means we're going to be a lot more," she released another long breath.

"I'm going to trust you that if you kiss me, its for the right reasons and not just to satisfy your fantasies. The worst thing you can do to me is do this for the wrong reason because I'll be able to tell, and you'll break my heart again, and this time for good."

"No pressure," he whispered, and swallowed, noting how dry his mouth was.

"There is no pressure, you do the right thing, whichever that is."

Samantha closed her eyes, tilted her head, and parted her lips.

Cole watched her for a moment, and when the first thought that entered his mind was his sister was truly the most beautiful girl he'd ever seen, he didn't hesitate to kiss her. Samantha released a surprised gasp, as if part of her didn't expect him to do it.

Immediately following that sound was a softer, and far more exciting, soft sound of pleasure. Nervous, Cole's kiss was more than a peck, but after several seconds, he eased his head back. However, Samantha's head moved with his, leaning forward, and keeping their lips in contact with each other.

She took his hands in her face and pressed her soft lips more tightly to his. Cole moaned as her lips worked across his exactly as he'd described it in the chapter. Chapter 29 and the only time he'd written Cole kissing his sister.

Story him was a goddamn fool because the sensation of his sister's lips was far more amazing than he ever imagined a kiss could be. Samantha opened her mouth wider, her large sensual lips pushing his open with them as she took their kiss grew more passionate.

She emitted a throaty groan and her arms slipped around his shoulders, her hand going into his hair just as it had in the story. Even as he eagerly returned the kiss there was a fear in the back of his mind, she was imitating the kiss in the chapter and this could turn into an ultimate tease and a heartbreak of his own.

That thought told him he did have feelings for his sister. She'd gotten him off last night, partly satisfying some of his lust, but found he couldn't sleep until he tried harder to make things right even though he was getting what he wanted.

Now he was hoping this kiss was the start of something more than sex between the two of them, and not a cruel, but deserved, what could have been he'd written about. If it was, Samantha was one hell of an actress because the moment the thought went through his mind, her tongue darted between his lips.

Cole met it with his, sliding over it, and then invading her mouth. She moaned again and her nails dug into his scalp as he gripped his sh9ort hair tightly. She captured his tongue between her lips and gently sucked on it, as he put his arms around her waist.

She released his tongue, and their kiss grew more intense as they fought to devour each other's mouths, while their tongues teased and dance across one another. Cole tried to pull her against him and experienced a pang of nerves when she resisted.

The nerves turned into excitement when her hands slid down his back, grabbed his shirt and pulled it up. They continued their kiss as Cole raised his arms above his head, and she worked the shirt up to his chest. 

She pulled away from him long enough to yank the short off him. it had barely hit the floor when her lips were back on his and her hands running up and down his chest.

"You feel good," she whispered into his lips, her arms sliding under his. "You have no right feeling this damn good!"

Her hands now explored his back, her nails trailing across his shoulders, and down towards his waist. He put his arms back around her, and this time when he pulled toward him, there was no resistance.

Cole worked his hands up into her hair, and she giggled into his lips when he fumbled with the clip holding her hair up. He felt it give and then pulled her long hair down, loving how soft it was in his hands.

Samantha was breathing harder into their kiss, the longest, most passionate kiss he'd ever experienced. The type of kiss he thought only existed in sappy romance stories or movies. His nose was filled with the scent of her shampoo and her ever present vanilla body spray, something he'd described before, but was now enjoying in real life.

In his excitement, Cole pulled on her hair hard enough to get her to head to move back and break their kiss. His lips quickly found the creamy skin of her neck and Samantha showed her appreciation by letting her head fall back further and purr;

"Oh, that's sooo nice!"

Motivated by her words, he kissed and licked that spot before sliding his lips across her soft throat and to the other side. Samantha rewarded him with heavy breathing and soft moans, her nails digging harder into his back as he took advantage of what was apparently a sweet spot for his sister.

He drew his arms back, slipping them between them and found the hem of her nightshirt, but when he pulled up, it didn't budge as she was sitting on it. That shit never happens in the movies he thought, as he felt like an idiot and stopped pulling on it.

Samantha pulled away, making him feel even worse, but when she lifted her hips to untuck the shirt from beneath her, then raised her arms, he smiled.

"This what you want?" She breathed threw her parted lips

"You have no idea how bad I want this," he grabbed her shirt in trembling hands and forced himself to ease it up rather than all but rip it off the way he wanted to.

The shirt past her hips, exposing a thong the same color as the shirt, then her flat stomach, the silver chain flashing as it reflected the light from the lamp by her bed. He held his breath when he got it high enough to see the curve of her breasts.

"Go ahead," she encouraged him. "And this time you can touch them." She smiled. "You can do anything you want to them."

Cole lost the battle and yanked the shirt higher. Samantha's reaction was a laugh that turned into a cry of pleasure when while still pulling the shirt over her head, his mouth was already on her right breast.

He groaned into her firm flesh as he sucked her nipple and a portion of her breast into his mouth. As he'd longed to do, his tongue flicked across the silver hoop as he tossed the shirt off her. He cupped her small breasts, switching to sucking on the other nipples while gently twisting the hoop in his fingers.

"Yes!" Samantha grabbed the back of his head and arched her back, shoving more of her breast into her brother's more than willing mouth. "Suck them, suck on your sister's tits!"

His cock, already hard, felt as if a jolt of electricity went through it at her words. Samantha grabbed his face in her hands, and he groaned she eased his mouth from her breast. She lowered her head to his and kissed him, this time plunging her tongue hard into his mouth.

She moved as she kissed him, sliding further up onto the bed, and Cole leaned forward, keeping the kiss going as long as he could. He had to turn to his left as she drew her long legs up on the bed.

When she pushed herself backwards, it broke their kiss, but Cole didn't mind as he watched her stretch out on the bed next to him. She grabbed his arm, tugging on him while beckoning with her finger.

Cole crawled onto the bed and between her legs. With his palms on the bed on either side of her head, he lowered himself down to her waiting lips, and kissed her once more. This time the kiss was quick as he slid his lips from her mouth and again fastened them to her neck.

Samantha moaned, her hands on his shoulders, her head back on the pillow as he took his time kissing her. Her breasts were right there, but he found he was enjoying the little coos and sighs the kissing and sucking on her neck elicited from her.

He recalled her advise to him when it came to sex with Katy. "Its not a race. If you're in bed with her its going to happen, so be a man and take your time, don't act like a grabby little boy who can't get it in fast enough."

Good advice, but who would have thought he'd ever use his sister's sex tips...on her?

Samantha's hands roamed over his shoulders, and down his arms, squeezing both his biceps, then his forearms, and whispering.

"I'm not the only one in this family who's fine, you're pretty damn sexy, yourself."

Cole smiled up at her as his lips trailed down her chest, kissing his way down to her breasts.

He went for the right one first, tonguing the hoop, then licking a slow teasing circle around her nipple. Samantha moaned her appreciation and she lifted her long legs, draping them over his. As he moved his head to pay equal attention to her other nipple, she slid her feet up the backs of his legs then wrapped them around his waist.

She pulled downward while lifting her hips and he moaned around her hard flesh when his crotch pressed into hers. Samantha whimpered and bucked her hips, humping into him the way she had his leg by the pool.

Her hands ran down his chest, pausing to tease her nails over his hard flat stomach, then dipped lower. She popped his snap open, and pulled his zipper down with a skill and confidence that excited him,

"Damn," he whispered when her hand dipped into his boxers and wrapped around his cock. He continued to enjoy her tits, going from one to the other, licking and sucking while he groaned into her as she slowly pumped his cock.

She drew her legs back until her feet were on his hips, and pushed hard against him.

"Sit up," she told him.

"Did I do something wrong?" he asked, his mouth still hovering over her breast.

"Trust me, you're doing everything right." She squeezed his cock. "Now sit up because I need this inside me."

Cole sat up on his knees so fast it must have looked comical, but there was nothing funny about his sister's next move. Drawing her knees up, she lifted up and pulled the thong down over her hips.

He watched her with his cock twitching in his shorts as she eased the thong down. The crotch stuck to her pussy, and she had to peel it from her sticky flesh as she worked it off.

"Wow," he breathed as she worked the pink thong over her knees and towards her feet.

As sexy as a sight her sister pulling her thong off was, his eyes were glued to the smooth pink slit between her creamy thighs. She was so wet he could see her lips glistening, and when she flipped the thong off her foot and into his face, it simply hit him and fell onto the bed.

"See something you like?" She sat up between his legs and grabbing the sides of his shorts pushed them down.

Cole groaned when she yanked them over his cock, causing it to spring free, a line of pre cum trailing from his oozing head.

"Wow is right," she grabbed it in both hands and pumped him. "Damn, Cole, I take it back, this is a big fucking cock."

Cole's response was to moan as she jacked him off into her hands, and to push his shorts down further. He needed to lie back or do something to get them off, and started to move, but Samantha leaned back while still holding his cock.

With a grunt of surprise, he went down with her, once again bracing his hands on the bed. Samantha's blue eyes met his as she pushed his cock down between her legs. Cole's hips jerked when she rubbed the engorged tip over her clit and through the soft wet lips of her pussy.

She put one hand on his chest, but kept the other around is cock, rubbing it against her pink flesh.

"Tell me what you want," she whispered.

"You," his arms trembled as he held himself over her and not from effort, but excitement. "I want you, Samantha." He gave her a nervous smile and added. "All of you."

"Then have me." She guided the tip of his cock between her lips.

Cole resisted the urge to thrust his hips and plunge into the woman he'd fantasized about for months. Instead he eased himself into her.

Samantha gasped when his head slipped inside her, and as he gently lowered himself, pushing his cock deeper into her, her eyes rolled back and her hands went to his arms, squeezing them as he worked his way into her hot tight pussy.

"Oh, that feels so damn sweet," she moaned as he continued to sink into her forbidden flesh. "All the way in, I want to feel every inch of you."

Cole slipped, and excited by her words, thrust his hips burying himself completely inside her.

"Oh, fuck!" her eyes widened. "Easy, let me get used to it."

Cole remained still, his legs now trembling as his arms were as he felt her pussy spreading around his cock.

"Go ahead, nice and slow."

Cole moved his hips, slowly pumping her, sliding his cock about halfway with each thrust, then easing back into her.

"My god," Samantha stared up at him, her eyes still wide. "You...you're inside me. I'm fucking my brother."

The look on her face told him she didn't mind, but he stopped anyway, unsure of whether or not she really wanted him.

"No, don't stop!" She sensed his thoughts. "I want this, Cole, want it bad, and so do you. Don't worry about anything but how good we feel."

She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him down to her waiting lips. Cole bent his arms, resting on his elbows as he kissed his sister turned lover. Samantha's feet were on his calves, her toes curling into him as he found a slow steady rhythm and was now using longer strokes to please her.

She moaned into their kiss each time he went deep and he gasped when she contracted her already tight pussy around him.

"Faster," she moaned into his mouth. "A little faster."

Cole increased the movement of his hips, and she let her head rest on the pillow, sighing and moaning with each thrust. She kept her arms around him as she lay there, her lips parted, and eyes still wide as if she couldn't believe this was real.

Cole had the same surreal feeling. Was he really doing this? Was he really on her bed, his damn shorts still around his thighs while he had sex with his sister? If it was a dream he hoped he'd never wake up because it felt better than he could have ever imagined.

"God, you're gorgeous." He told her and kissed her once more. "You look and feel so good."

"So do you, Cole." She pulled him down to her, and he slipped his arms under hers, so he was now lying on top of her.

"That's it, just like that," she purred, her fingers running through his hair and across his back. "Nice and easy, baby."

"Baby," he repeated in her ear. "I like that."

"I do to," she slid her feet up as she had before and wrapped her legs tightly around his waist. "Tell me something, Cole. Who am I right now?"

"You're my everything," he replied softly, trying to keep his pace steady and not go faster in his excitement. "My sister, my best friend, my lover," he paused and remembered what she'd said just before they kissed. "My Sammi."

"That sounds so right," she moaned. "This feels so right, keep it feeling right, baby." She kissed his neck and spoke in his ear. "I want this first time to be sweet and special. Make me feel like your good girl, and you'll get the bad girl you've been dreaming of."

She grabbed his face and kissed him again. The force of the kiss belied her comment about going easy, but as her tongue invaded his mouth and her lips pushed against his, he kept up his slow pace.

In a sense it was a tease, to make himself hold back from tearing into her the way he'd written and dreamed about. On the other hand, the long slow strokes gave him a chance to fully enjoy being inside her sister.

Her soft moans into their kiss at the end of each pump, and her thighs wrapped around him were thrills in their own right. Her hard nipples pressed into his chest and her hips were now moving, matching his timing and rising into each thrust.

Samantha whimpered into their kiss, and her legs tightened around him. Her hands were back on his arms, her nails digging into him hard enough to border on painful, but he barely noticed the discomfort as he continued to make love to her.

Make love. That was what they were doing. He'd done it like this with Katy many times, but it always seemed like it was a lot more for her than him. Not just him, but Samantha had said she wasn't much for slow and sweet.

But she wanted it from him, and he was enjoying it more than he ever had with Katy. He grunted when Samantha's pussy tightened around him, and she eased her lips from his to groan.

"Don't stop, don't slow down, just like that!" Her words came out in that high-pitched breathy voice he'd heard by the pool, and his cock jerked inside when he realized she was about to come.

"A little faster and harder." She whimpered, her back arching, pushing him deeper inside her.

Cole didn't need any further coaxing to go faster, and she yelped when he shortened his stokes, but put more behind each thrust.

"Oh yes, Oh, oh!" She released sharp little yips in his air and her hands slid up to his shoulders, her fingers now digging into him there.

"I...I never come during sex," she moaned, her eyes still wide. "But I'm going to, I'm going to come with you inside me."

Her hand went into his hair and pushed him down so her lips were directly at his ear. "Tell me, tell me what I what I want to hear, what I need to hear to make this perfect."

"I love you, Samantha," he told her and felt his throat tightening. "My beautiful sister, my Sammi."

It sounded like corny lines he'd read in some sappy story, but he felt them, and the way she moaned his name in his ear and whispered. "I love you too, Cole," told him she felt them too.

He felt more than the words, he felt every part of her, not just the amazing wet heat of being inside her, but her words, and the emotion and love behind them. Samantha released a long whimper in his ear, then with a loud cry that made him flinch, exploded beneath him.

Her hips bucked hard, and her legs straightened so her feet were on the backs of his knees. Her toes curled into him and her nails clawed into his back as she squirmed beneath him. Her pussy convulsed around his thrusting cock, and his breath caught as his balls tightened and he felt his own climax building.

Feeling his body tense, she groaned. "Yes! Come for me, come with me!"

Cole lost control and his hips went into a frenzy of hard fast thrusts that caused her to yelp each time he drove into her. With a low grown, Cole thrust once more and felt his cock twitch within her.

"Oh my god!" Samantha squealed as the first warm jet of cum squirted deep inside her. "Give it me, Cole! Give me all of it!"

Cole kept thrusting, each one ending in another spurt as he filled his sister's still twitching pussy. She pushed her feet into him, using them to lift up and take him deeper, as his hips worked in a jerky motion, his orgasm making it hard to get back into a rhythm.

Beneath him, his sister didn't seem to mind, yelping and moaning as her own orgasm flowed through her and he continued to paint the walls of her pussy with his cum. Cole slowed down when he felt he had nothing left, and the head of his cock was now swimming in the warm hot mess he'd made inside her.

Samantha's pussy clutched then released him several times, making him groan as she milked a few more drops from him.

"That was...oh my god," she whispered as they both stopped moving. She kissed his cheek and put her arms around him. "Don't move, I want every minute of this."

Cole let his weight go, nuzzling her head into her neck, as she caressed his back, her breathing heavy by his ear. They remained silent, wrapped in their forbidden embrace as Cole's cock softened inside her.

"I can't believe I just made love," she sighed.

"With your brother?"

"No, that I made love at all. I've never gone that slow and easy. But I came so hard! Maybe there's something to be said for the sweet stuff." She laughed. "Sorry, I'm not much of a romantic."

"Doesn't matter, it was incredible." Cole pushed himself up so he was looking down at her. "You're incredible," he smiled. "Sammi."

"I love it!" She giggled, making him laugh. "I love you, Cole. I really do."

"Better than wanting to kill me." He eased his now soft cock from inside her and rolled over onto his back next to her. "If you told me we'd be here after you found those stories, I'd wonder what you were smoking."

"Me too, it happened so fast, but it really woke something up in me. I told you how I felt bad you didn't appreciate me, but maybe I never saw you the way I should have either. What guy could ever be more loyal and loving to me than my brother?"

"You got that from a story didn't you?" he grinned.

"Guilty!" she laughed at the look on his face. "But it is true. Some of those pervs got it right."

"Guess I didn't," he lamented.

"Hey, you got me, isn't that what matters."

'True," he took a deep breath then laughed. "Holy shit, I fucked my sister."

"Classy," she rolled her eyes.

"Sorry, I just...Look, you just realized what you wanted and got it right away, I've been dealing with his obsession for months." He shook his head. "As usual, Cole blunders around, Samantha just gets what she wants."

"Who cares, as long as what I want is you?" She stretched her arms over her head and arched her hips. And Cole's eyes roamed up and down her long slender body.

"You look so good."

"Glad you like the view, I'm hoping you'll get used to it."

"I could take another look right now." He rolled over onto his side and reached between her thighs. "We didn't play much, we just..."

He stopped when she caught his wrist.

"I wanted the first time to be about how we felt. I told you there's no lust for me without love, and because of how serious what we're doing is, I needed that love first."

"Okay, but we did that first."

"Let's just keep this time nice." She rolled over on her side facing away from him.

She slid back so her ass was in his crotch and her back against his chest.

"Just hold your sister."

Cole put his arm around her waist and nuzzling his head into her hair found and kissed the back of her neck.

"That's nice, this is nice." Samantha cooed. "We both had long nights, how about we just relax and take a nap together?"

"I have to go to stupid work in a couple hours."

"I'll set the alarm." She reached over and plucked her phone from her nightstand.

When she put it down on the bed, and put her hand over his arm, she sighed. "This really does feel good."

"It does," he hugged her more tightly against him and slid his arm under her, so her head was now resting on his arm.

"Only one thing would make this better."

"You want the covers?" he asked, trying to hook his foot into the comforter as he spoke.

"Now that you mention it. But there's something else."

"What?"

"Take your damn shorts off, you look like a reject from a porn with them down like that."

"And there's my bossy sis." He muttered as he went to sit up and take them off.

"And there's my dorky little brother," she laughed as she moved so he could take his arm back. "Mister smooth you're not." She winked while she watched him work the shorts down his legs. "Story Cole wouldn't have done that."

"Story Cole wouldn't do this either." He laid back down, pulled her against him and kissing her neck whispered. "Love you, Sammi," in her ear.

"Hmm, and that's why story Cole got a kiss goodbye, and you're lying in your sister's bed."

"Fuck story Cole," he laughed. "Loser."

"Yup, you proved you're a lot sweeter than he ever could be. Now get some sleep."

"Yes, boss." He sighed but did close his eyes and as soon as he did, realized how tired he was, and could already feel himself starting to drift off.

"Guess I have something to prove too." Samantha said quietly.

"You have nothing to prove," he replied with his eyes still closed.

"No? Oh, okay. I was just going to say that I feel like I have to prove I'm a better fuck than your story sis ever could be."

Cole's eyes flew open.

Chapter 11

Cole woke up and looked around his dark room. He'd sworn he'd heard something. He reached towards the small reading lamp on the nightstand but stopped. What did he think, someone had come through his damn window?

He glanced at the clock and saw it was just after midnight. Samantha wasn't due home until the usual two am, but he'd been so tired after he'd come home from work at nine thirty, and on hardly any sleep the night before, there was no way he could stay up.

Work had flown by however, mostly because of his borderline euphotic state caused by the same thought repeating through his mind like a hamster in a wheel.

He'd slept with his sister.

A week ago, he'd have said he fucked his sister, but as he'd learned to see her differently his thoughts about her, and how he felt about her, them, had changed. But the fact they'd had sex was part of his feeling like a weight had been lifted from him.

The other part was the idea of Samantha, Sammi? Not just as a taboo sex partner, but she wanted them to be more. How exactly that was going to work while living at home was up in the air, but he supposed they'd just have to act normal, and sneak whatever chances they could to fool around or kiss and cuddle up and all the things one could do with a girlfriend.

"My sister, my girlfriend. The new series by Inlovewithmysis, formerly hot4mysis" he whispered into the dark with a smile.

But that wouldn't happen. His farewell, which would be up anytime now was the last Literotica would see of him. He would be too busy doing what he wished he could in his stories. Cole's only downer of the day was they didn't do anything after the first time.

The alarm had gone off, and he'd woke to fund Samantha had slipped out of her bed, and was downstairs, fully dressed and on the phone with Trish. When she saw him come down in just his boxers, a hopeful look on his face, she'd hung up with Trish and told him he needed to get ready for work.

Put off, he'd told her he had plenty of time or a quickie, maybe they could even shower together. Samantha pointed out she'd already showered, and Trish was picking her up in a half hour to go shopping for some clothes for the upcoming semester.

Cole wanted to keep pressing but decided not to. He didn't want to come across as being needy or grabby. Samantha had enjoyed what they'd done and told him there would be a lot more. Cole figured that in the grand scheme of things he was way ahead of the game, and the one thing he didn't want to do after those stories was to every try to talk her into something.

Couple had showered, part of him hoping she was faking him out and would slip into the shower, She didn't and by the time he dressed and came back down she'd left. It was a minor disappointment compared to what was otherwise the best day of his life.

The only speedbump had been when he'd come home and Mom and Dad were watching TV. They made the usual small talk about his day, but he felt weird talking to them. Cole had felt guilty sometimes just from what he thought about doing to his sister, but it was worse now that he had.

It also drove home the fact they would have to do a lot of sneaking around and lying and that wasn't fair to his parents. Just before he'd fallen asleep, he thought it would only be until the two of them could afford a place.

Then what? Hi, I live with my sister? It would look weird at their age. Only real answer was the common erotica trope of them eventually moving out of state where no one knew them and they were Cole and Sammi, the cute young couple in apartment six.

He'd drifted off to that fun thought and fallen into a deep sleep until he thought he'd heard something. He relaxed back into the pillow and closed his eyes. They immediately opened when this time he was sure he heard a click.

He'd just sat up when the light came on.

Samantha was standing by the door, wearing nothing but a towel and a smile.

"Hey, little brother, you sleepy?"

"Not anymore," he told her, his eyes feasting on the site of her long wet hair plastered to her fair skin and the towel that barely covered between her thighs and showed the top half of her breasts.

"That's what I like to hear." She walked up to the foot of his bed. "You have something for me?"

He yanked the top sheet off the bed and smiled at the sight of his cock already at full attention.

"All that for your sexy big sister?" She slowly ran her tongue over her lips. "Your horny big sister?"

"All for you." He started to sit up, but she waved her hand,

"Just stay right there. I like you lying there ready for me. It was a long day, Cole." She sighed. "A long horny wet day. All I could think about was my brother and that big fucking cock and how its always going to be hard for his sexy sister."

"My sexy Sammi."

"No," she wagged her finger back and forth. "Sammi was earlier. Tonight you get your bad girl sister who just snuck into her brother's room so she could suck his cock and watch you eat my sloppy wet cunt."

"Oh..." his cock bobbed between his legs. "Sure, I can get into that."

"Little brother, you're going to be getting into this every chance we get."

Samantha dropped the towel and stood naked before him. She raised her arms over her head.

"You like?" She did a slow turn for him as she had the night she'd found out about his stories and was screwing with him. But this time she was butt ass naked, and he knew she was going to screw him.

"I love it." He took in her perfect ass, and it was his turn to lick his lips when she bent over and showed off her pussy while wiggling her ass at him.

"That isn't love written on your face," she put one knee on the bed while sucking on her lower lip. "But it might be your love on my face when we're done."

She put her other knee on the bed and he had to remind himself to breath as she crawled up between his legs. She slid down on her stomach resting on her elbows just in front of his aching dick.

She took his cock in her hand, and with a sly smile bent her legs at the knees, and crossing her ankles showed off the smooth soles of her feet.

"Perfect?" She flicked her tongue across the tip of his cock.

"Dirty," he whispered. "My dirty big sister."

"Tell your dirty sister what you want," she kissed the tip of his cock, pressing her lips into the spongy pur0ple flesh and when she moved, a trail of sticky pre cum dangled between her lips and his cock. "You don't have to be nice."

"I want you to put it in your mouth."

She rolled her eyes as she idly ran her fingers lightly along his shaft.

"That's the best you got? What happened to Hot4mysis, that perv who wrote that filthy hot crude dialogue and told his sister exactly what he wanted?" She blew on his cock, making him moan in frustration. "Let's hear it, baby. Show your sister why you were the hottest writer on Literotica."

"I want you to wrap those perfect blow job lips around my cock and show me what a nasty girl nasty big sister is."

"Better," she ducked her head, and he groaned while she fluttered her tongue along his shaft.

When she reached the tip, she took it between her lips and gave it a hard suck that made him gasp. Samantha released his cock and drooled the pre cum she'd slurped out back onto his cock, she slipped her hand over it, and she moaned when she stroked his now slick cock.

She ran her tongue down the other side of his shaft, then pushing his cock back, licked his balls before opening wide and sucking them into her mouth.

"Fuck, that feels good," he groaned while she swirled her tongue around his sac, bathing his balls with her soft pink flesh.

Samantha slid her tongue up the front of his shaft, then meeting his gaze, parted her lips and took him deep into her mouth.

"Oh my god!" he gasped like an idiot as she managed to take him two thirds of the way down before she stopped.

"Hmm," Samantha moaned around his cock as she opened wider and took him further.

She angled her head and emitted a wet gagging sound as she forced herself to take the full length of his cock. Her eyes remained on his as her lips wrapped around the base of his shaft. She made another wet gurgling sound, and he whispered, "Jesus, Samantha," when her tongue slipped out and lid over his balls.

She whipped her head up, releasing him in a spray of spit and drool.

"Tell me again." She whispered as she pumped him rapidly in her hand. "Tell me what you want."

"I want my sister to stop teasing me and suck my fucking cock like the dirty little slut she is."

"Yeah," she smiled through sticky lips. "Your slut, little brother. Your live-in little cock whore that is going to fuck and suck my brother's big dick until your balls ache and you can't get it up anymore."

Cole was spared trying to come up with an answer to that when she took him back into her mouth. This time she took him all the way with an ease that would impress a porn star. This time when she reached the base, she shook her head side to side, the way he'd described her doing in the stories.

She worked her lips back up his cock, but this time so slowly, he moaned and had to fight to keep his hips still. When she reached the tip, Samantha sucked hard, then let it fall from her lips with a wet popping sound.

Turning her head, she rubbed his cock along her cheek, then turned and slapped it against the other side of her face.

"How's your big dick look in your sister's face?'

"Looks better in your mouth." He risked the nasty remark.

"Yes sir," she flashed him a sticky pout, looking up through her lashes while she now slapped his cock against her tongue. "Sorry sir."

However, the way she took his cock into her mouth was far from demure, and his hips jerked when she rapidly bobbed her head, gobbling his cock like it was the best thing she'd ever tasted. From the moans and the way her ass was moving and her hips grinding, it seemed that way.

Samantha was taking him about halfway with each sloppy wet suck, while her hand wrapped around his shaft, jacking him while she blew him. She released him once more and surprised him by spitting on the head before sliding him back into her mouth and noisily slurping her spit back up.

Her wet hair fell in front of her face, and he pushed it to the side, so he could watch the long anticipated, and even more exciting in real life, visual of his sister sucking his dick. He held her hair back, his hand sliding to the top of her head, and she stopped sucking.

She raised her eyebrows, then put her hand over his and pushed. He took her meaning and pushed down on her head. Samantha's eyes widened and she squealed in mock protest as he pushed her mouth down on his cock.

He held her head still, and thrust his hips, fucking her mouth as she moaned and made wet gurgling sounds. He fucked her mouth harder while no pulling and pushing, using her hair as a handle to guide her lips along his shaft.

His sister whimpered and moaned, her eyes wide and pleading, and he was struck hard by the thought that he really had no idea how dirty his older sister could be, but he was going to find out and enjoy every minute of it.

Her head moved far more violently than he was 'making her". Samantha's eyes were watering as each time she lowered her head, the back of his cock struck the back of her throat.

Cole's thighs shook, and he tore his gaze from the amazing show in front of him to try and hold back. The rest of the view didn't help. Her long black hair on her smooth creamy back, her firm ass grinding into the bed, and her long legs, kicking playfully while showing off her feet.

Samantha whipped him from her mouth once more, this time pre cum laced drool flowed down her chin, and back onto his cock.

"I'll suck you off, later. Right now I need this fucking cock now!"

She slid up to her knees, swung her leg over her hips and in one smooth motion, held his cock and impaled herself on it.

"Fuck that's deep!" She called out as she let her weight go, plunging his cock into her bald slit.

Leaning over, she braced her hands on his chest and worked her hips up and down, riding him as hard as she'd been sucking him. Cole grabbed her tits, squeezing them and catching her nipples between his fingers.

"How's your sister look riding you?" She stared down at him, her eyes wild and her lips and chin coated with sticky drool. "And you're not even blackmailing me. I'm fucking you because I'm a nasty girl who can't get enough of her brother's dick."

She leaned over to grab the headboard, and by doing so, shoved her tits down into his face. He continued to play with them, fondling as he sucked one, then the other. Samantha had slowed her hips and was now sliding back and forth, then moving in a circular motion, working his cock inside her tight twat.

She let go of the headboard, and lay on top of him, her lips finding his, and her arms going beneath him. Cole put his arms around her waist and pinning him to her, braced his feet on the bed, and went to down, slamming into her helpless pussy as hard as he could.

Samantha yelped in his ear as he kept her from moving, pounding her with short vicious strokes.

"That's it, fuck me!" she hissed in his ear. "Show your cock teasing bitchy big sister who's boss! Make me pay for being daddy's little favorite and always getting what she wants!"

Her words egged him on, and with a wrench of his shoulders and hips, he rolled them over, so he was on top of her. Sitting back on his knees, he grabbed her ankles and lifted her legs. Bringing her feet to his face, he licked and sucked her toes as he now fucked her with long hard strokes.

Cole ran his tongue over her toes one more them, then ankles against his shoulders leaned forward, and as she had done, grabbed the headboard. The move caused her feet to end up over her head and her ass to come off the bed.

Bent like a pretzel, Samantha turned her head, crying out into his pillow as he used the headboard for leverage and fucked her so hard his balls were slapping against her ass and her eyes looked like they were going to bug out of her head.

But they were bright with lust and she'd cupped her tits, playing with them as he tore into her with wanton abandon. He felt his balls tighten and when he felt he was getting close, stopped fucking her.

Sliding from within her, Cole slid his legs out behind him as she had done. Letting her legs drape over his shoulders, he buried his face in her pussy, and plunged his tongue into her sopping slit. Samantha yelped into the pillow again as Cole moved his head, fucking her with his rigid tongue.

He sucked hard, getting a mouthful of her juices, then worked his tongue up through her lips and fastened his around her clit.

"Fuck yeah!" Samantha groaned. "Eat your sister's cunt! Make me come for you! Make me yours by giving me what I need!"

He plunged two fingers hard into her and her hips moved to meet them, driving then even deeper. Cole boldly finger fucked her while he alternately licked and sucked her swollen clit.

"Suck it! Suck your big sister's wet cunt! She's not such a good girl is she?"

He shook his head, while now swirling his tongue in fast circles.

"No, your big sister is a bad girl, but only for you now. I'm going to make every dirty dream you ever had about me come true, and you're going to take such good care of your sister's needy little cunt."

Cole moaned into her wet flesh, his hips moving, sliding his cock along the soft sheet as her dirty talk combined with the scent and taste of her pussy, had him as hard as he had been while he was fucking her.

"Put a finger in my ass! You know I like that because you heard me tell Trish."

Cole had never gone near Katy's ass and when he put the tip against her puckered pink rosebud, he hesitated.

"Don't get shy on me, Cole. Shove that finger in your sister's ass. Tell you what, you keep me satisfied, maybe I'll let you put your cock in there."

Cole still went slow, trying to ease his finger in, but Samantha bucked her hips, driving his finger into her incredibly tight ass.

"You like that idea? Like the idea of shoving that huge prick in your sister's virgin ass, and hearing me squeal?"

Cole turned his eyes upward to see she was playing with her tits, squeezing her left nipple while twisting the hoop in the right. Her long hot pink nails looked damn good on her tits, and so did everything else about her.

Samantha's eyes were now partially shut, her face flushed with passion and her full lips open as she breathed heavily. Her wet hair was fanned out across his white pillow, and behind him, she'd slid her legs up so her feet resting on his shoulders.

His real life sister far surpassed anything he'd written about her, his hottest fantasies paling in comparison to how not just sexy, but flat out nasty, Samantha was.

"How's your finger feel in my ass? You can feel your fingers other fingers can't you?"

Cole nodded, rubbing his face into her wet lips. He could feel his fingers sliding against each other through the skin between her ass and pussy as he thrust them. The finger in her ass he moved more slowly, marveling at how even her ass was wet, although no wear near as much as her pussy.

Her ass was much tighter and when her pussy contracted around his fingers, her ass did as well. He imagined having his long thick cock inside that tight tiny hole and the sounds she would make.

His cock ached as he moved his hips, humping the sheet not only because of his thoughts, but in his desire to get back inside his big sister.

"Harder, finger my ass just like my pussy," she breathed. "I'm not Katy. Your sister's a grown ass woman who wants it hard and nasty, not some little girl who thinks she's a fucking princess and needs to be made love to all the time."

Cole thrust his finger in time with his others and Samantha yelped sharply when he first buried it knuckle deep into her tight hole.

"Work that clit!" she demanded. "Faster you make me come the faster you get to fuck me again!"

Cole's tongue went into overdrive licking up and down, then side to side, and throwing a hard suck in between. Samantha's ass and pussy quivered around his fingers and her toes curled hard into his shoulders.

"Not just fuck me, but I'm going to give you a nasty little treat. Going to give you what I know you've dreamed of." She paused to groan as her hips thrust into his fingers. "I'm going to let you come all over my face just like you kept doing in those stories."

Her hips worked faster and her back arched, telling him she was getting closer. Samantha was tugging so hard on her nipples it looked like it hurt, but the way her legs were trembling, and her eyes were now wide, told him that even if it did, she was fine with it.

"Paint your sister's bitchy face with your come, wipe your dripping cock all over me, treat me like the nasty little skank you want me to be."

Her words were coming out in a low growl, and her eyes were brighter than he'd ever seen them and had a wild look in them as she desperately worked her hips into his face, grinding her pulsing clit into his tongue. 

"Only fair seeing your face is getting all sticky from your sister's wet cunt. I'm always wet, always horny. You going to be able to handle your sister, Cole? Going to keep this smooth pink pussy purring for you?"

Cole slid all three of his fingers back until just the tips were inside, and after a second's hesitation, slammed them roughly into her holes while sucking so hard in her clit, his lips smacked.

"Fuck!" Samantha swore, her ass coming off the bed, and her fingers stretching the pink skin of her nipples as far as she could.

Cole repeated the action and Samantha's entire body seemed to explode. Her legs clamped around his head, her soft thighs pressing into his cheeks. Her went into a frenzy of motion, grinding her quivering flesh into his flickering tongue as he ass and pussy tightened around his fingers.

Samantha grabbed a pillow and shoved it over her face just in time to release a long wail of pleasure into her. Cole struggled to keep his tongue and fingers moving as she writhed and bucked uncontrollably on the bed.

He was having a hard time breathing, but there were worse things than having your face trapped between your sister's thighs, and your nose full of the intoxicating scent of her pussy. Samantha yelped into the pillow as her pussy convulsed, sending a gush of warm fluid around his fingers.

He would have flinched when a warm wet stream splattered against his face, and as Samantha continued to cry out into the pillow, his tortured cock jerked into the sheet at the thought that his sister had just squirted for him. That was something he'd never even written about.

Samantha's movements became less frenzied and her squeals turned into those low guttural growls that Cole found both arousing and slightly disturbing at the same time. When her legs slid limply from his shoulders, and she pushed the pillow from her now sweaty face, she released a long shuddering breath.

"I don't think I've ever come that hard. That was harder than before. I...Fuck!"

As she'd spoke, Cole had surged up onto his knees and in one long hard thrust, entered her now dripping pussy. Grabbing her slender hips, her lifted her ass off the bed, holding her up as he hammered into her.

"Hell yeah!" She gasped. "There you go! Fuck your sister! Pound that pussy and show me what a man my little brother is!"

She lifted her legs, placing her feet flat on his chest and thrust her hips forward to meet each of his powerful thrusts.

"Hear that? I'm so fucking wet I can hear your cock slamming into me!"

Cole couldn't just hear it, he could feel it. His thighs and balls were already sticky from the warm hot mess her pussy had become after her orgasm. Her flesh was still quivering as he tore into her with a force he would have never dared use with Katy.

Samantha had fallen back on the bed, her arms limply by her sides and her small tits bouncing as her brother fucked her as hard as he could. Her eyes were rolled back and all that came out of her mouth at the end of each of his thrusts was a high pitched "Oh!"

Seeing her lying there just taking it, spurred him on to greater efforts. Grabbing her ankles, he lifted her legs up, then spreads them as wide as he could. He continued his frenzied assault on his sister's pussy drawing his cock almost completely out of her before using his hips and driving it back in.

"Oh. God!" Samantha groaned. "I've never been fucked so hard!"

Cole started to slow down, worried he might be going to hard.

"What are you doing?" She stared up at him. "Keep fucking me! The harder the better!"

Samantha flashed that nasty smile that he already knew he would never get enough of.

"Come on, Hot4mysis, you finally got your sister in bed, and this is all you got for your bitchy sister you've been dying to put in her place?"

"So that's how it is?" He returned her smile. "Okay."

Cole put her legs together and pushed them hard to the left. With a yelp, Samantha was turned onto her side. Leaning over, he grabbed her slender hips and flipped her onto her stomach. Still holding her hips, he yanked her up onto her knees.

"That's what I'm talking about!" She called out. "Take...."

Her words turned into a squeal when Cole, overwhelmed with the sight of his sister's perfect ass and her pussy framed between her thighs, spread her cheeks wide and plunged his tongue into her ass.

"Bad boy!" She cried out. "Eating your sister's ass! I love it!"

Cole pushed his tongue into her ass several times before straightening, grabbing her hips, and thrusting into her hard enough he could hear his balls slapping against her pussy.

"Oh fuck!" Samantha lowered her head into the pillow and cried out into it as Cole went wild, fucking her harder in this position than he was able to when she was on her back.

Even in the heat of passion, Cole remembered something she'd said when they were by the pool. He shifted his grip from her hips to her shoulders, pushing her down into the bed while her ass remained in the air.

"Yes!" she howled in pleasure. "You know what I like!"

Cole placed his hands flat on the back of her shoulders and using the leverage pounded down into her harder. Samantha yelped into the pillow and grabbed the rungs of the headboard, squeezing them as her brother took months of sexual frustration out on her.

Cole slid his right hand from down her back and dipping it beneath her, found her clit, and rubbed it with his thumb. He slowed his fucking so he could keep his balance, and Samantha's hips thrust back into his, as he worked her hard pink nub.

"Thank god for all the porn you watched!" She giggled, but it turned into a whimper as he gave her a long hard thrust while now rolling her clit between her fingers.

"Going to make me come again!" She groaned; her head now turned so he could hear her. "You're taking such good care of your sister!"

Cole was also trying to use this as a breather as the hardcore fucking had him moments from coming and he wanted to make this last as long as he could. He was now using long slow teasing strokes as his fingers worked her clit.

Samantha's arms slid beneath her and he knew she was playing with her nipples.

"Harder, fuck me harder! I want to come on that cock!"

Cole went a little faster, and she whimpered.

"Like you were before! Give it to me hard and fast, fuck your sister's pussy! Its your pussy now, so take it!"

Again, her dirty talk sent him into an outburst of lust and he fucked her as hard as he could while leaning over. Samantha turned back into the pillow crying out repeatedly as he tried to win the race of getting her off, before he came.

Seconds later he won, as Samantha cut loose with a high-pitched sound, followed by more of those animal like growls as her pussy convulsed around him and her hips moved in frenzied circles.

Cole was breathing hard, sweat stinging his eyes as he watched his cock plundering his sister's pink slit. Her back was glistening with sweat, her hair plastered to it in places. He took in everything from her dark hair and creamy skin and her damn sexy tramp stamp, and even looked back to see her feet curled behind him.

Everything was so incredible. From her body to the noises she made to the fact that he was fucking his sister, and how wrong everyone would think that was, but he'd never felt anything better.

He let out a sharp gasp as his balls tightened and his thrusts became shorter and more urgent as the visuals, combined with his thoughts and most importantly his sister's twitching pussy, had him growing closer with each thrust.

"Come!" She urged him on. "Come for your big sister! But not inside! Hold it back for me."

Cole managed a few more thrusts into her pussy which at this point was a sopping sloppy mess, before he moaned, and whipped his cock out. He gripped it just under his head, holding his cum back the way they did in the movies.

Also just like the movies, Samantha rolled onto her back, sat up between his legs, and grabbed his cock, her hand beneath his. She opened her mouth wide, pushed his hand away and jerked him in her fist.

"Holy fuck!" Cole called out as a thick stream of cum shot from the tip of his cock so hard it bordered on painful.

The thick spurt landed directly in Samantha's mouth, splashing on her waiting tongue. She moved his cock so the next squirt shot across her cheek and into her hair. As she pumped him, spraying cum all over her face, she pushed the cum in her mouth out with her tongue sending it dripping down her chin and onto her chest and tits.

Samantha turned her head, letting him paint the other side of her face. Her free hand cupped his balls, massaging them and coaxing every drop out of them. Sticking her tongue out she slapped his still oozing cock against it, causing cum to fly into her mouth over her face and down her arm.

"Oh...Oh fuck, okay!" Cole groaned as jerked harder, but there was nothing left.

"Shit!" he gasped when she sucked his now spent cock into her mouth and bobbed her head rapidly, her tongue swirling around his sensitive head.

Cole's hips jerked and he put his hands on her shoulders, trying to ease her back. Samantha shook her head side to side, causing him to whimper as his head, which was now a raw nerve, rubbed along the inside of her mouth.

"Stop, please!" he whined, his voice cracking.

Samantha released his cock from her mouth and staring up at him spit a glob of cum that was still in her mouth onto the tip. Her eyes on his she licked the cum off, causing his hips to jerk and him to whimper more as it felt so good he couldn't take it.

When the cum was gone from his cock, she smiled up at him.

"How does your sister look covered in your cum?"

"I...I can't even describe it." He sat back on his knees, trying to catch his breath.

"You the porn writer?" She giggled, then reached over and grabbed her phone. "Pictures or it didn't happen, right?"

As he stared in surprise, she snapped a selfie of her smiling through the huge mess of cum on her face. She then turned the phone to show him the picture side by side with her face.

"Holy shit, sis." He shook his head. "Going to send that to me?"

"Yeah, right. The way you put your phone down and forget where it is?"

She turned the phone back to her. "I'm deleting it, I just always wanted to take a pic of me with a money shot."

"Money shot, now who watches too much porn?"

"Why watch it, when we can live it?" She put the phone down and lay back on the bed. "Goddamn Cole, I have to admit I'm impressed. You fucked me senseless."

"Not hard, you were already senseless." He gave her a tired smile.

"Good one," she giggled. "Take a good look, then grab that towel. I can't go back to my room with cum all over me."

Cole slipped off the bed, and grabbing the towel brought it over. Before handing it to her, he did take one last long look at her. Both her cheeks, her chin and even her forehead had cum across them and some of it had made it into her hair on both sides.

His eyes drifted to the white sticky trail down her chest and the drops that had made it onto her tits.

"Hottest thing ever." He said as he leaned over and gently patted her face with the towel, wiping her off.

"I do what I can," she smiled up at him as he continued to clean her face, then getting the other end of the towel wiped off her tits. "I plan on doing plenty."

"I plan on letting you." He tossed the towel on the floor and stretched out next to her. "That was dirtier than I think I could write."

"Truth is stranger than fiction," she laughed softly. "But you only got that because of earlier. I needed you to want good sis before I gave you bad sis."

"You like being good sis? You said you weren't one for that."

"It was amazing, and I'd like to be good sis more often." She touched his cheek fondly. "I want to be Sammi more often."

"I love Sammi." He took her hand and kissed it.

"That's sweet."

"You taught me that. Little kisses in..."

"Learn to stop talking, Cole," she sighed. "Takes some of the fun out of it."

"Got it. Wordy writer, wordy guy." He shrugged.

"But don't worry, bad sis," she winked. "Slutty sis will be around a lot. Maybe we can even play your stories and I'll pretend you're making me do it and..."

"No!" Cole said it so quickly, she flinched.

"I'm sorry," she put her hand up defensively. "I thought you'd like that."

"I would have before all this happened. Samantha, I don't ever want to think you're doing something you don't want to do. I want you to always want to be with me, and never do anything you don't want to. Not even in a game do I want to think I'm treating you like I did in the stories."

"I was wrong Cole." She leaned over and kissed his cheek. "I should let you keep talking. That was a nice thing you just said."

"I mean it."

"Okay, no games, but you can talk dirty to me, I like it." She gave him a sly smile. "I do like pretending that I don't want it though, so maybe you can live with holding me down and I'll whimper and say no, but you know I mean yes."

"Have I told you you're the most perfect goddamn sister in the world?"

"No, but feel free to do so." She released a long sigh and stretched. "God, I'm tired, but somehow I feel like I need another shower."

"Want to take one together?" he asked hopefully. "Something I thought about, but never wrote was I think it would be sexy to wash your hair, and lather you up, and then...well, you know."

"Damn, that sounds good." She frowned. "But not now. We'll have to wait until Mom and Dad aren't home. If we're both in the shower and they come up here we're screwed."

"We'll lock the door."

"How do we explain us both being in there?"

"Yeah," he nodded glumly. "You're right."

"In this case truth is more boring than fiction."

"Well truth is, I love you, sis, and I'd really like it if maybe you could stay in my bed for a little while. I liked falling asleep with you in my arms."

"Aww," she gave him a rare shy smile. "That means a lot Cole, it really does."

"You mean a lot. Can you stay?"

"Shouldn't. Mom and Dad."

"Right."

Samantha was on the side of his bed against the wall, so he got up so she could move.

Samantha slipped out of the bed and paused.

"Put something on and check out the hallway. I can't put that damn towel on, I'll have to go into my room naked."

"Yeah, sure," he grabbed a pair of sweatpants from the pile of clothes on his chair and slipped them on.

Cole left his room, leaving the door open so she could see his signal. He went to the top of the stairs and stared down into the dark and silent first floor. He flashed the okay sign to Samantha, who with a big smile on her face slowly strolled down the hallway naked.

"Look at me," she giggled and did a quick spin, showing herself off. "Naked in the hallway and in front of my brother!"

"Yeah, look at you." He whispered as he met her by her bedroom door. Feeling a stirring between his legs, pulled the sweatpants down to show his semi hard cock. "Look at this."

"Hmm, look at that." She grabbed him and slowly pumped his swelling cock. "Not only weren't you lying about having a big dick, but you don't need much time between rounds do you?"

"How could I not be hard? Look at you." He slid his hand into her still damp hair and kissed her softly. "Beautiful, sexy, Sammi."

He gestured to her door. "Night, sis."

She reluctantly released his cock.

"Night, Cole."

Cole turned and walked towards his room. He'd reached the door then jumped when Samantha, who had come up behind him grabbed his hand.

"What's the matter?"

"Let's go take that shower."

"But Mom and..."

He stopped when she put her finger to her lips.

"They're used to me being in the shower after midnight."

"But..."

"Just think of this as Chapter one." She pulled on his hand, leading him towards the bathroom.

"Of what?" he asked, his eyes on his sister's ass.

"A new series. Samantha and Cole; Siblings with Benefits. Maybe you can put a couple of chapters on Literotica."

"Not with that title, someone else used it."

"Siblings with Benefits, seriously?" Samantha reached the bathroom and stepped aside, closing the door behind him.

"Yeah, Lovecraft68."

"Never heard of him, he any good?"

"God no!" Cole scrunched his face up in disgust. "That guy sucks!"

Author's Note: I had a lot of fun with this story, and hopefully you did too. When "Cole" spoke of how Literotica and the comments from the readers made him feel good about himself and give him some confidence, I was speaking as myself in that instance. When I came here, I had just started writing and had no idea what I was doing other than trying to tell a story. I've been well received here and the comments, both public and private, encouraging me and telling me how much you enjoyed the stories, gave me the push to keep writing. This is my 10th year writing, and I don't think that would have happened without this site and its awesome readership. In closing, this is a contest entry, so votes and comments are appreciated. As always, thanks for reading. LC68