The Origins of Incest Island
bysecondsamuel©

A dedication: To my friend Cherry White, for inspiring Incest Island with Incest Magazine.

From the desk of Samuel Clementine:

This is a bisexual novel about the Bloom family, the first incestuous family to take up residence in the fabled Lot's Cove. In my own experience, the build-up is what makes incest/taboo stories worthwhile. While I have introduced the different interactions between family members with a deliberate attempt towards pacing, the waiting is the hardest part...

This fits into almost every category: novels and novellas, gay, lesbian, anal, first time, nonconsent, and especially exhibitionist and voyeur. I chose incest as I believe it best attracts the appropriate audience. Though I considered breaking it into parts, it would have interfered with the flow and design of this stand-alone story. While I encourage the curious to read on - if this is not your thing - no harm in turning back now...

One final note - I begin writing this novel without the ability to even open my computer, my wife being kind enough to start the talk to text program. Though I have recovered significantly from several surgeries, this endeavor would not have been possible without my editors mycroft_mania and larry74403.

This is my submission to the Nude Day Contest, please vote, and as always, should you catch any mistakes, please consider volunteering as an editor.




Prologue: A Strange New World

Oh God, Daddy, fuck me harder!"

Bethany stopped dead in her tracks and wondered if she was actually listening to a woman screaming for her real, biological father. Even on this island, where little else seemed forbidden, such a thing would be unspeakable, wouldn't it? Barely 18, Bethany wasn't sexually experienced. But in the past few weeks, she had so learned much, thanks to a steady diet of erotic art, literature, and photos - all of which she'd seen in her uncle's home.

She stood out in the open, completely naked, embracing her strange, sensual new life in this extraordinary community. It had only been a few weeks and things were still new. But more anyone else in her family, she was adjusting to wild and erotic ideas that fueled this hedonistic haven.

To experience a place where nudity and sex were freely encouraged was strange enough, but living here with her conservative family was bizarre. In the past few months, so many things had changed: roles had been reversed, altered and altogether abandoned. It all merged to create a swirl of exotic and forbidden pleasures in her imagination. She wondered if her family's constant proximity, as well as the carnal pleasures that were so openly shared on the island, had given rise to the fantasies that now claimed her attention.

Could she really be overhearing a father fuck his daughter?

She wondered one more thing as she inched closer.

Why is that thought exciting?

This had definitely been a day filled with firsts. Though she couldn't see them yet, Bethany had never been this close to people actually having sex. It was so openly brazen and explicit. She'd set out to simply wander around naked, but now the idea of doing more sent a shiver of excitement, tingling up her spine, shaking every nerve responsible for sexual stimulation.

The cacophony of screams, moans, and grunts echoed into the soft summer night. Bethany thought of going down there, moving from behind the hidden path and into the clearance. She imagined seeing some gorgeous petite 18-year-old girl like herself riding a big, thick cock attached to an older man who might share the two of them. She imagined walking up to them, showing off her puffy nipples, hard from the cold air. She dreamt of herself down there, amidst the rest of the sexual deviants, nudists, and queers.

"Oh God, Daddy! You're so big..."

Bethany's mind raced with the possibilities. Despite the initial revulsion at what she heard, her thoughts drifted towards her dad. There couldn't be anything more forbidden than a young girl seeing her father fully engorged, driving his cock deep inside of her body. And after a lifetime of sexual suppression, something deep inside of her mixed these new, erotic thoughts together.

Before Bethany realized what she was doing, her hands were exploring between her bare legs. She touched herself almost accidentally. And as she heard the voices in the distance, she imagined herself inserted into the elaborate roleplay. Experiencing a tingle of sensation, she started to go even further, forgetting that she now stood out in the open ground, where anyone could see.

She started stroking her burning sex as she desperately tried to find a solution to this new desire. It had been building up inside of her since leaving her home in rural Oklahoma and moving to this island. As the screams of pleasure built, she crept closer, remaining far enough away to only see the silhouettes of the naked residents.

She was so afraid. Afraid of being caught, either by these strangers or her father. Afraid of her own feelings and what they might mean. She knew it would have been best to simply walk away from the scene, to pretend she had never seen anything. Hadn't she already pushed things far enough by skinny dipping in the ocean? And yet......

Her fingers moved with determined purpose, finding a spot above her pussy that seemed almost perfect as she rubbed harder and faster. More... she needed more, and yet she knew she couldn't ask.

She had to hide her excitement - to hide her newfound interest and curiosity in everything sexual. Bethany's own father found the very idea of the island abhorrent. But in just one week, she'd discovered more about her own sexuality than she thought possible, and as a result, it simmered and smoldered. Part of her wanted, no needed, her father to know the cravings this move had awakened, and for him to approve. If only to appreciate the gift her uncle had given them.

She'd never known her Uncle Liam, and that had been deliberate. And yet, as she played with herself, chancing that someone else might see , Bethany recalled hearing his voice, basked in the glow of the television. And with this memory of her departed uncle in her mind, Bethany stepped close enough to see the lovers, opening herself up to the island...




Chapter One: An Immodest Proposal

1988

"Wow, this is a lot more uncomfortable when I realized it was going to be, okay, where to begin, well I am dead."

The voice of Liam Bloom boomed rather than rambled out of the tiny speakers on the projector. The rest of the Bloom family stood transfixed watching. Liam looked at his age, 60 or so at the time of filming. A notorious Luddite, the poor quality of Liam Bloom's video made it seem decades older. This was in no account a reflection of the wealth behind his will and testament. A lifetime of achievement in science fiction literature and a series of prudent investments had made him wealthy beyond measure.

In the background, the lawyer's modern office stood in contrast to the grainy, aged 8-millimeter film stock. It was an elaborate firm, the kind with several receptionists. The decor boasted of its occupant's accomplishments, and everything on the screen created an extravagant display of opulence designed to delude the mind with images of the owner's power and prestige.

Watching the film was Liam's only family in the world since his wife passed - his brother Martin, Martin's wife Mary, and their twin children, Brian and Bethany. Martin and Mary had been high school sweethearts. When Mary became pregnant with the twins, they got married during their senior year of high school. They were a family of four, stereotypically suburban and middle-class, and Brian and Bethany proved to be wonderful children

Martin had never spoken to his children about their Uncle Liam, except in vague stories. He simply shut down any sort of conversation about why they never saw each other. As Brian and Bethany both entered their senior year of high school, neither were really aware that their uncle was actually alive and doing something in the world. And now he was talking to them in the most surreal of circumstances. From beyond the grave, departing instructions as to what was to be done with his worldly remains.

"So I'm going to assume that I'm just talking to Marty, and here goes nothing. Brother, I'm sorry for how things have been between us. I'm sorry for my part in it. And I know that the times that I've apologized, it's been too late."

The old, wrinkled face behind that bushy beard took a deep breath and paused as if considering how best to put what needed to be said.

"Please don't think that it's because I do not care about you, that I give this to you. It is my life's work, or at least what I actually accomplished with my life. Savanna and I, Jesus that's hard to think about. That it's been four years without her..."

Liam Bloom struggled for a second, almost unable to reconcile the memory of his dead wife with the new reality he had been forced to accept.

"I'm giving you Liam's Cove, that's what it boils down to," the man said.

His voice seemed to carve out a silence in the room. Liam paused as if waiting for a throng of people to heckle his announcement. Instead, the look on Martin Bloom's face showed at all. His dark face reddened to the point of rage, every muscle in his body clenched and unclenched in response, an impotent gesture for a man that had known only intense frustration for the past 20 years.

Martin had just now finished his master's degree in history, with a focus on medieval England. He had worked for the better part of two decades as a public school teacher, though he looked like a stereotypical professor, tall, wiry, bookish, with a studious sort of seriousness, that matched his soft features. His dark eyebrows furrowed in frustration at simply hearing the name Liam's Cove - that hated haven of the other side of the Bloom family.

His brother and his brother's late wife had allowed all manner of misfits to live with them on their beach property in Japan. It had always been Liam's dream to live there, as he'd been a staunch admirer of all the strange and exotic science fiction to pour out of Japan. Many of his own works had actually had been translated and popularized in the region.

"It's not money. I know you wish I had it." Liam's face seemed to shrug. "But we really built a community out here. I'd like you to see it at some point, and bring the kids. Well once you feel they are old enough. I set up enough money to take care of the place during the foreseeable future. Don't worry, I'll have someone handle all the details."

There was a brief pause as if Liam Bloom was trying to remember everything before completely vanishing out of existence, his last message in a lifetime of words painfully and purposely put to pen and enacted so as to create the world as he had imagined it.

"There's the institute now to run things... but I'm giving you my house out there, a job if you want it and I'd encourage you to visit. Here's where I made a family. I'm only sorry I wasn't able to share it with you. I love you, and I love your family. Okay, I'd really like to leave you on that note, but I don't know how to turn this off."

The video continued for several moments as Liam struggled with the camera, making it clear before the image cut out that he had not been wearing clothes.

"What the hell is Liam's Cove?" Bethany finally asked.

"Language," Martin said. "I don't even know where to begin with my brother and his island paradise."

The last few words were soaked in sarcasm.

"Okay, what the heck is Liam's Cove?"

Martin to brush back the question. His hand worked its way through his thick, brown hair, stopping at the right side of his temple where his fingers squeezing against his head in exasperation as if warding off an inevitable migraine. He seemed to freeze, almost unable to answer the question and utter the words that might make the decades-old hatred understandable.

The lawyer started speaking in a technical, formal voice.

"In his later years, Liam Bloom set aside the entirety of his funds in a trust managed by our legal team to manage the various properties in holdings of Mr. Bloom. His Cove primarily refers to the land he owns on a small private island in the Sea of Japan. On such properties, Mr. Bloom has allowed a number of occupants based on his own personal interviews and interactions. He was determined to continue to provide for them after his passing."

"But, there's a house?" Bethany insisted.

The lawyer sent a look to Martin, silently imploring him to admonish the impertinent youth and allow him to continue with his job.

"There are over 100 houses and residences, with plans to expand. Consider it almost like Mr. Bloom's own personal town, though he never called it that. There's a lot of legal details. However, it's arranged so that you are not be bothered." Lawyer said. "Suffice it to say, you have been awarded Mr. Bloom's personal home, which I assure you is quite luxurious.

"However luxurious it is, I assure you we will not be going." Martin Bloom insisted.




Chapter Two: Something Said

Martin had meant it. His feud with his brother was complicated and not something he spoke about, not even to his gorgeous wife. In their nearly 20 years of marriage, Mary had done more than maintain the essence of her high school beauty, she'd accentuated it by adding the allure of a mother others would love to be fucking. Her dirty blonde hair was usually worn pulled back, the result of too many busy days spent chasing children around a preschool. And yet, though often weary, her face still had the same beam, the same youthful exuberance she so effortlessly showed in high school. Even at forty, her large breasts and hourglass figure drew the attention of every man with a pulse. More often than not, Mary caused their friends and acquaintances to wonder how Martin had done so well for himself.

Mary had only known of Liam by reference, and not very well. He was nearly 20 years older than his younger brother, her husband, and already well-known and well-established in his own literary niche. Their fight had not involved her, though she knew better than to speak of it to Martin. That didn't stop her from nettling Martin about the possibility of taking a vacation to see this island in Japan.

"We wouldn't even have to stay there very long," she said. "We could take the twins into Tokyo or some other place and just enjoy the beach."

"You don't understand, Mary," Martin said through gritted teeth. "Liam built himself a little nudist colony there, if not an island of outright sex criminals."

"Oh come on," Mary said. "It's not like if we took the kids to Europe, they wouldn't see a topless beach or something. They're 18."

"I don't want to think about that."

"We're going to have to think about it eventually. Besides, I don't see why at least the two of us can't go check out our vacation home."

And that had been the argument, over and over and over again in the Bloom household for nearly a month. Mary, insisting that they had a right to see the property that they inherited; Martin, for his own reasons, denying that there was any reason to augment his heavy-handed response with any logical debate over the matter. The two went around and around in a circle for a month, the exchange growing more heated as a result of the repetition.

Then Martin lost it at work.

It'd been a little thing, the kind of comment that he had heard 1,000 times from 1,000 different kids in 1,000 different ways. Each time he had responded correctly and the event soon dissipated into nothing worth considering. Nothing costing a valued public servant so much as another thought, let alone a career.

Oftentimes well-meaning educational endeavors are met with derision, scorn, and derogatory gestures and comments. Heather Rochester proved to be one of those students determined to demean anyone foolish enough to educate her. And for Martin Bloom, Heather's stunning looks, so close to his wife twenty years ago, made remaining professional much harder. Especially given the regular effort she made to violate the school's dress code, wearing skirts that flashed her panties when she bent, blouses that barely covered her breasts, and taking every opportunity to make the most of her 18 year old body.

Perhaps that's why it became so easy for Martin to objectify her. Often, when lecturing or hearing about how, "history was like, totally ruining her life," it became easier for Mr. Bloom to imagine her in obscene positions. He could almost remember doing her, the hallucinations were so vivid. He would see himself grabbing those teased blonde curls into a large knot and forcing the senior onto a desk. His strong hands pulling out those tits, always so desperately trying to throw themselves out of whatever she had them squeezed into that morning. Then he would strip down those thin black panties she wore during the dance, the kind that showed up in a single line accentuating her butt with every motion she made.

He imagined her at every pep rally, every game, every eighth period. It became a fixation, the idea of taking this spoiled brat and spanking her in front of the class until she begged him to stop. Only then would he rip off her clothes and fuck the girl in front of his now-fixated class. Mr. Bloom imagined her swallowing every inch of his cock, sucking down every drop of cum. Sometimes his brutality extended to lurid acts he'd only imagined, like anal sex. He wondered what it would feel like to put his dick inside that tight, barely legal hole. He even thought about sharing her with other teachers, passing the slut around like a used little fuck toy.

He knew it was insane, but such was the depth of his obsession. Maybe it was that she reminded him so much of his wife. Maybe it was her demeanor, her display of raw sexuality that made him want to punish her for using her feminine wiles so wantonly at such a young age. Or maybe it was that the fantasy of such violent and forceful hate-sex shook up something inside of him, especially given the extended length of the dry spell he was suffering through at home. Regardless, Heather was a major pain in his ass. She became the object of his derision and desire. Day by day, the mental boundaries he'd built between himself and his students eroded with every lusty thought.

Martin wasn't a wallflower; he stared down worse misbehavers a dozen times a day. He could coolly freeze out the class clown or motivate the burned out kid barely making a D. But the unique problem that Heather Rochester presented burrowed into his mind until his every thought of her was sexually aggressive, even violent. He imagined himself a principal armed with a paddle, spanking her over his desk until she cried. Fucking her with the door to his classroom locked, the whole time her begging him to stop, pleading that she would be better.

Privately, Martin remarked many times about the peculiar nature between the relationship of Heather Rochester and her boyfriend William, an honor roll student whose grades Mr. Bloom had seen slump as the semester neared its close. Several other teachers also noticed and made comments rebuking Heather's showy acts of disrespect. She behaved just as badly in other classes - too proud and just as dramatic. For all intents and purposes, Martin saw her as a bitchy but beautiful girl who leapt at the opportunity to find faults and flaws with the curriculum. Real or imagined, she used them as an excuse to blame her failures on the teaching staff.

Martin had many times expressed his thoughts, both vulgar and profane, about Heather Rochester with other educators. It was the kind of thing even parents who legitimately love their children sometimes whisper to one another when trying to comprehend how someone they made, who came from them, could seem so unfamiliar. Teachers often remark similarly, only without the filter of having to remember that their DNA was involved. It wasn't uncommon for the teachers at Martin's school to vent and express their own frustration about being cursed out by some 18-year-old senior.


And because Heather had family on the school board, these instances were usually brushed over by the principal, who basically allowed her free reign to insult, belittle, and degrade any educator who happened to interfere with her bad mood. When it came to her boyfriend, nobody had to ask why William was interested in such a shrieking, shrill, and altogether banal girlfriend. She had the body of a cheerleader that every guy wants to be with: large chested, blonde hair, and legs that led to the place any man with a fully-functional libido desired. As valedictorian, William was certainly a catch for Heather. The kid was a shoo-in for the University of Oklahoma, and Heather planned to come with him, attending the nearby community college.

It all led to Martin telling an errant joke. A joke that would've been fine in a teachers lounge. A joke that no teacher would ever dare repeat to Heather Rochester. Maybe the breakdown in Martin's thinking came from too often debasing Heather in his private fantasies, where she lived on her knees, waiting for him to grab her by the head and force her to swallow every inch as penance.

Martin couldn't remember exactly what Heather said to earn his overly-harsh, sarcastic rebuke. He also couldn't figure out why this had been the breaking point, the moment he threw away an entire teaching career over one insolent student. Whatever her comment had been, it didn't deserve to be met with such a publicly-brutal, cold, strike in front of her peers. But Heather started their altercation, and Mr. Bloom ended it with a few choice words.

"The smartest thing ever to come out of your mouth, Heather Rochester, is your boyfriend's semen. At least one of those swimmers might have developed some shred of intelligence, provided that you spit fast enough so that it wasn't brain damaged by the sound of your voice"

A few blurry moments later and Martin Bloom was unemployed.

In the next few months, the arguments between Martin and Mary escalated. Mary was mortified at having to explain Martin's behavior to her friends, who soon ostracized the family. Plus, the bills kept coming, weighed down with ominous instructions, such as "final warning" and "foreclosure." As time passed and Martin's employment options began to look more and more scarce, they found themselves moving towards the inevitable - the offer from Martin's late brother.





Chapter Three: Liam's Cove

Eventually, Mary played her trump card. Though she deferred to Martin in front of the twins, Mary had already decided there was no future in which she didn't relocate to the infamous Liam's Cove. Initially, she didn't need to do more than simply keep advancing the suggestion, only to retreat when her position was unfavorable. But as the days and weeks advanced the inevitable slowly became clear to her husband. There really wasn't any other option.

Their quickening financial crisis moved her ultimatum forward. The solution was natural, Mary had every legal right and the ability to simply visit Liam's Cove on her own. Unspoken was the threat that she might simply leave her husband to sulk in his own solitude, strolling around his house while she checked out Liam's nude beach. Mary knew this presented two untenable options for Martin; either he stay behind alone or they go together.

Martin was jealous by nature and hated the thought of any scenario that placed his wife in a position where she might be picked up by a sensual island man, 10 years or more her junior. So, as much as he didn't want to attend the repugnant island, he couldn't stop Mary from making her own travel plans. Ultimately for the sake of his marriage, he conceded. Their visit would be brief. They'd stay a few days, no more than a weekend.

After landing in Tokyo, Martin and Mary took a boat ride to the Cove, nestled away in the North Pacific Ocean. Even from the water, they could see the isolated mansion built into the side of the rock. It bore ostentatious amenities that seemed to contradict the placid lifestyle Liam espoused in his last few years.

Walking up the private beach, they noticed that the house seem to have everything. It had been built on stilts to withstand tropical storms and the four-floor palace seemed to float above the sand. It was easy for Mary to imagine her children enjoying themselves. Here, each would have a wing of the house to call their own. She wondered what kind of colleges or academic achievements would be available with such wealth, and what kind of life they could live free from the responsibilities of the daily grind.

For the first time in her life, Mary looked at the future as something hopeful. Finally, she might not have to chase after a classroom full of spoiled brats. It was a future free from wiping runny noses, changing dirty diapers, and trying to match random shoes to hyperactive little feet. Free most of all from the agitated parents who thought they were the only ones who worked that day.

Per the late Liam's arrangements, a lone man stood outside the marvelous mansion, holding the keys to their future. Before Mary realized what was happening, he'd swung open the front doors and launched into the grand tour.

"Hello, and welcome," The man said formally. "I'm Aiko Proctor, Secretary for the Director of Public Relations for the Institute... and... an old friend of Liam's. It is my goal to help acclimate you to the special culture provided at the cove. As you are the last remaining relatives of our founder, there's special importance on providing a welcoming atmosphere for the two of you. Please let me know if there is anything you need."

"Thank you," Mary said, almost beaming at the man.

Akio Proctor looked mostly Japanese, though a hint of his American ancestry shone through his bright and energetic futures. Proctor was youthful, energetic, and most of all, excited at meeting the family of his mentor.

To say that Mary was taken aback by the grandeur of the sprawling estate would've been a tremendous understatement. But she felt instantly at home. Everywhere she looked, there was postmodern architecture, massive open windows and high glass ceilings. Her mouth gaped at the swimming pool and Jacuzzi, the pristine yet contrasting white painted stairs that felt at once rustic and edgy. It was all extravagantly exorbitant, prohibitively expensive and absolutely perfect. .

"The master bedroom," Aiko said as they crested the steps, "takes up the entire top floor."

"So Liam could invite the entire island into bed with him," Martin sneered.

If he heard the remark, Proctor certainly didn't acknowledge it.

"The library is the only part of the residence that's regularly open to the public. You'll find an entrance from both the outside the residence and within," Proctor said matter-of-factly. "I declined to include it on this tour as I feared the contents might be... objectionable."

"Don't you mean obscene?" Martin asked.

"A matter of opinion," Proctor shrugged. "But you are correct in assuming a large portion of Liam's collection is devoted to the erotic."

"I think we can simply bar up our entrance then," Martin said.

"As you wish," Proctor said. "I may add though that as an author, Mr. Bloom thought it prudent to keep a robust and varied collection of the classics, and of course his own works."

"I've never read anything of his," Mary said. "I would love to..."

Martin interrupted. "See the lewd, perverted world Liam created?"

"I would be happy to retrieve any title you might be interested in, madam." Proctor continued the tour as though nothing out of the ordinary had been said.

It took them the better part of an hour to see the entire house. Martin and Mary explored each of the floors; every level had the potential to exist as its own unique structure, able to operate independently from the others. Once they'd covered the entire house, Proctor sat them down at one of the tables in the main room. He stared at his intertwined fingers, as though deep in thought.

"As long as you're staying here, I have been instructed to provide you with a weekly stipend for the maintenance of the estate as well as any personal needs. You may be aware, supplies from the mainland tend to become more expensive if not purchased in bulk. Mr. Bloom intended for whoever lived here to be completely comfortable, free from the worry of money. Please note, the allowance comes with one condition: to receive these funds, you must reside within the residence. Now, do either of you have any questions?"

Mary spoke first.

"I guess... Well, honestly, this wasn't at all what I was expecting."

Mary couldn't help but let her excitement color her response. She paused and tried to think rationally.

"The lawyer said something about hundreds of families living out here. Is that true?"

Proctor cleared his throat.

"There are indeed hundreds of people who live here. This estate, minus the library and the parlor, which sometimes hosts events and foreign dignitaries, is your private property. But this place is only a small part of the island. Rest assured though, there's a considerable distance between here and the other houses. However..."

"However, what?" Martin said, his voice rising in anger again.

"Mr. Bloom was very liberal. Some of our common practices might be considered... indecent in the United States.

"Jesus Christ," Martin muttered with disdain.

Proctor ignored the remark and continued unabated.

"Liam sought to make sure his island remained an open place for experimentation and spiritual fulfillment, pursuits typically not possible unless conducted outside of the norms of society. His was a hyper-progressive view, one which the members of the Institute, your new neighbors, are determined to protect and advance. From your tone, Mr. Bloom, I surmise you have no interest in seeking the same experience that your brother so greatly enjoyed during his time here."

Proctor continued quickly, disallowing any opportunity for dissent.

"This is no cause for alarm on your behalf. This particular residence was only periodically inhabited, largely by guests sharing your particular sensitivities, such as state officials with whom Liam conducted business. Should you wish, it is entirely possible to avoid the other residents of the island without any difficulty. As I mentioned your house is entirely self-sufficient."

The grand setting made it easy to imagine heads of states all seated around the table. Mary pictured a collection of stuffy men in suits trying to hammer out contracts and land use agreements with Liam - an aging and probably disinterested hippie. A man she easily imagined wanting only to return to his simple hut by the ocean.

"Mr. Bloom, this is delicate, but I feel I must be forthcoming," Proctor said. "On this island, acceptance is a two-way street. The people who live here may engage in various sexual activities that strike you as inappropriate, lewd or distasteful. However, they absolutely do not engage in this behavior with anyone without consent. They live here with the understanding that they will not be molested nor shamed by anyone who does not share their perspective. If you're worried you may see a nude sunbather, I would recommend spending as much time in your residence as possible, as the beaches are open to anyone. Though if you are conducting yourself as a tourist, you will find Japanese customs are much more permissive than those in America when it comes to certain taboos. That being said, I see no reason why a live and let live policy could not suit both of your needs and the needs of the larger community. Your neighbors, if you wish to call them that, are largely normal people, and I would encourage you to acquaint yourself with the people who called your brother a dear friend."

"I'm afraid that's entirely out of the question," Martin said, the scowl never quite disappearing from his disapproving face.

"I'm sorry you feel that way," Proctor said. "However, you would not be the first resident who later changed their mind. I would encourage you to keep an open mind. This house, though marvelous in his own right, was never the home of your brother.

"All the better," Martin Bloom said coldly.

If Aiko Proctor had been even the slightest bit perturbed by this remark, he didn't let it show. He remained stoic and surprisingly patient as he listened to the indignantly ignorant man sitting across from him run down the work of his former employer and most coveted idol. Mary took stock of Proctor's extraordinary forbearance as he tactfully shrugged off Martin's repeated insults. She feared Proctor would have no interest in staying on in his position, even as his poise made her eager to hear more.

In Proctor, Liam had found a dedicated acolyte. The diminutive but disciplined disciple believed fully in Liam's vision and felt a duty to promote their way of life. He endeavored to further Liam's teachings in a practiced, understanding manner that would help closed-off individuals see the light.

Unlike her seething husband, Mary wanted to know more. Her mind filled with questions; scandalous, sinful wonderings that, despite her attempts to remain professional, infected her with desire..

The jet lag made Martin more irritable than usual, and without murmuring so much as an excuse, he stood and announced he was going to bed. Though she knew he was exhausted, Mary was embarrassed by her husband's behavior. He'd done nothing but insult Proctor. Still, Proctor seemed none the worse for wear. He'd weathered the storm with tremendous grace, unbowed as the island's inheritor talked down to him and insulted the memory of his late brother, a man who'd possessed unceasing ambition and altruism. Had Proctor acted superior or spoken to them with disdain, Mary would've understood her husband's reaction. But as Martin walked out of the room, she couldn't help but feel admiration for Proctor, a man she found charming, charismatic, and exceedingly polite. Though an awkward tension remained as Martin left, Mary's intrigue never wavered. She wanted to know much, much more.

She also wanted to apologize for Martin. They'd been married for 20 years and their union was a testament to how two people could overcome their differences, even as they changed and grew as individuals. They'd learned to forget and forgive, a crucial skill for two people who'd wed as naive teenagers.

When they hitched their wagons together, the future seemed simple. Back then, Martin, a high school brainiac who showed more potential than most in their small town of Cherokee, Oklahoma, would talk for hours with Mary about how great their lives would be. Mary, enamored by his intellect and ability, once believed every word.

Martin had been the first of his family to graduate with a high school diploma. Not even Liam Bloom, for all his accomplishments and earthly successes, could claim something as simple and transformative. Liam had dropped out of high school in 1946. He'd left home and served in the Korean War. By the time Martin came of age, his literary success eclipsed his younger brother. Their parent's admiration should have been held in reserve for Martin, but they heaped all their praise on Liam, a pulp science fiction author living the high life on the coast.

Proctor spoke up, cutting through Mary's thoughts.

"Did you have any more questions, Mrs. Bloom?"

"Many," Mary laughed. "I find myself unable, or at least unsure of where to start. I don't want to bother you; I feel my husband has done enough of that. And please accept my apology for his behavior. He's tired and just... Honestly, I don't even know if that's it. He hasn't been himself lately."

"Please, pay it no mind," Proctor said in a manner that made obvious his continued reverence and obligation to his late employer and friend.

"No, he made an ass of himself. I'm sorry for how rudely he spoke to you."

"Mrs. Bloom, if I may be permitted to speak bluntly..."

"Please, do. Your candor is greatly appreciated."

"Of course," Proctor stated almost enthusiastically.

Even those who lobbied for the Japanese Government to outlaw the Institute found Proctor's skillful, unassuming rhetoric impossible to overcome.

"Liam Bloom never found acceptance in his native country. Though his literature shares many themes prevalent in Japan, particularly his attention to robotics, he found himself creating a different culture - one entirely unique but largely rejected by the 'civilized world.'". His goal was to create a community where people, displaced for sexual practices between consenting adults, were allowed to thrive...."

Mary interrupted. "You mean like, homosexuals?"

"In part, yes. The residents of this island would never judge you and your husband's sexual preferences, no matter how unique they might be. We feel strongly that our role is not to judge, but rather to encourage. We consider it tremendously impolite and distasteful to ask about anyone's particular sexual practices, and should you care to share them, I can assure you we would accept you without judgment. I encourage you to adopt the same mindset when interacting with any of the other residents. For many, the aspects of their relationship are public. Though you will find some who are more cautious or private with strangers. It's important to remember that many suffered before they came to this sanctuary."

"Sanctuary?" Mary asked genuinely.

Proctor nodded. "Liam Bloom considered the persecution of sexual minorities the greatest shame of many otherwise great countries. He used his fortune to ensure the legal protection of anyone who came here seeking legal or social sanctuary and created an accord with the Japanese Government that extended temporary citizenship to all who live here.."

Mary considered Proctor's statement, then said, "It sounds like Liam was really important."

The corners of Proctor's small, black eyes turned up as though he might laugh.

"Yes, indeed. In many ways and to many people. Every investment, every cent he made, he poured back into providing for his people." Proctor paused. "Please know, I understand how your husband may feel. Family can be difficult and it's obvious he and his brother had a tenuous relationship. But you should know that most people on the island revere Liam. He was a great friend and ally."

He paused to consider the gravity of his next statement.

"I consider myself truly fortunate to have been his friend and confident. Even in Japan, things have not been easy for those who are... different."

Aiko knew he was likely sharing too much, but something about Mary's demeanor, her genuine, inquisitive nature, prompted him to provide her more than the basic explanation. Despite her age, her religious upbringing and the unruly temperament of her husband, Mary Bloom had an honest curiosity that endeared her to strangers.

"Whatever happened with Martin and his brother?" she continued.

There was no extended pause. There would be no dramatic revelation. Proctor simply met her question with his own.

"I had hoped you would be able to tell me that."




Chapter Four: Riley

Proctor and Mary walked the estate's grounds. As they did, the small Japanese man told her more of the island's history.
"During those first days, all we had were a few random prefabricated homes running off of antiquated generators."

As Mary listened, she couldn't help but wonder about the marvels her brother-in-law had created with his money and ingenuity. He'd crafted his own society; carved out the ideas that once existed only in his fictional novels until they were real - a monument to his name that endured beyond his passing.

"If you continue to follow this road for half-a-mile, you'll find yourself in the center of the village," Proctor said.

Though the road was neither yellow nor made of brick, she was reminded of Dorothy's OZ. Before her, the concrete path, which was wide enough for two, maybe three people, disappeared into the jungle that seemed entirely untamed. The foliage was unruly and wild with long bladed grass. Above them, sprawling palm trees bowed over their heads to create a dense canopy. All around them, the blend of wind rustling in the long, exotic leaves and the cries of unseen animals in the distance created a tropical blanket of sound. It was unlike anything she had ever experienced. Had she simply awoken to this beautiful wilderness, she might have thought it another world.

They continued down the path, and Mary became convinced they would stumble into a forbidden pool inhabited by a conclave of water nymphs, or a magical forest inhabited by fickle and flirtatious gods. For a woman who'd never traveled more than 100 miles away from home, even the sky seemed strange and foreign - the air new and exhilarating. Unsure if she'd have another opportunity for solitary exploration, Mary made up her mind to seize the moment.

"Let Martin sulk," she thought.

This was her opportunity to be bold, explore, and even though she had no bathing suit, go swimming. But first, she wanted to meet some of the people Liam claimed as his family. Outcasts or otherwise, she needed to know. Not for a logical reason, such as needing to know the people her children would call "neighbor," but for something deeper and unseen. An innate curiosity that had always been there now propelled her forward.

Though she loved Martin, she'd never known her husband to be social. He was the quiet sort, a contrast to her outgoing personality. To his credit, he'd never inhibited her outgoing nature and she loved him for it. A solitary creature, Martin was perfectly content spending the night pouring over a biography of Catherine the Great as Mary went out with her girlfriends to dance with anyone she found interesting. There was trust in their relationship.

Once through, she'd done more than just dance. She never told anyone.

There's an implicit trust given to those most loved, and what a warped disturbance it can cause, especially as it increases the distance from those who need none. How hard it is for two people to be completely honest with one another, no matter the amount of love. Hidden are those small, personal truths, buried underneath the senseless shame and sense of propriety. It makes existence little more than a battle against our own nature, ever rowing against the current, pushing ourselves upstream further and further away from every instinctual desire.

Some can never bring themselves to row and float freely through life. Others fight back, forever forcing themselves upstream against the unimaginable strain. And then, there are those like Mary. People who find themselves swept away by an opportune wave, an irresistible current, finally unmoored from the repressed instincts they once thought vile. Like Mary, these unfortunate people all know the truth; once they let go, once they finally give in to temptation, they'll never be the same.

If Mary knew that taking the path down towards the village would open her up to a larger world, a liberation which every inch of her being now screamed for her to embrace, she ignored it, keeping this secret from herself. Even as she tried to appreciate the natural beauty of the mystic new world, her every step down the path served to inflame the inner obsession about the wild, forbidden sex she expected to see around every tree, behind every fern or bush. She didn't even know what she was looking for, just that there had to be something amazing out there. In many ways, Mary was behaving like a teenage boy who just discovered nudity in the pages of a National Geographic magazine. Titillated and tantalized, she was still unsure how such a world could exist.

And wished to see more.

She stepped into the clearing with her diminutive Asian escort, but the contrast between her vivid imagination and the rather plain reality struck her as disappointing. Instead of huts, teepees or some other indigenous dwelling, she saw a rustic subdivision of small homes. Up ahead, two roads converged at right angles like a plus sign. Set beside each road, there were prefabricated houses from the second world war, each neatly separated into equal grids. She imagined that someone coming home after a few drinks could easily enter the wrong house by accident.

Not that these homes paled in comparison to their home town in Oklahoma. In many ways, these premade, repurposed domiciles of aluminum sheet metal were much nicer than the old two-bedroom home she and her husband and children shared. And there were so many of them, each with their equally-sized yards, stretching off into the distance beyond sight.

Despite their rustic nature, there was an individuality to each dwelling. They were more than just the cookie-cutter carefully manicured lawns that anyone could find in Better Homes and Gardens. Many of the homes had multiple gardens growing in the front lawns; there was clothing strung up to dry. One particularly scandalous clothesline caught her eye; hanging several pieces of lacy underwear all flapping in the breeze. Mary was shocked. She couldn't believe that someone would hang up such a public display of sex, completely exposed in their front yard for the world to see.

Proctor noticed her discomfort at seeing the garments and spoke casually.

"The island only has two real roads, if you count the ones that don't lead directly to the estate. The dock is the only way on or off the island. Given the proximity, there tends to be little emphasis on privacy. If you'd like, we can turn back."

"Not at all, it just... seems so normal," she said.

"Isn't it?" Proctor's question was more statement that inquiry.

And then the girl caught her eye.

She appeared to be only a few years older than Mary's daughter, Bethany. She lay in the sun, on one of the cheap plastic lawn chairs that decorated many of the lawns. It took Mary a second to truly notice how casually naked the young girl was, but when she did, she stopped breathing. The girl's small, pert breasts pointed absently up towards the sun, angling to each side as she lay on her back.

If she noticed Mary, the girl didn't make any effort to hide. She wore a large white sun hat, a few strands of red hair popping out from under it. The hat's brim hung over one of her eyes - the other was covered by her dark sunglasses, the kind that Mary had been seeing in all of her fashion and celebrity magazines. Mary focused on the girl's nudity and realized, if not for one of her slightly crossed legs, she would've been able to see straight up the girl's sex as she sunbathed.

There was a paralyzing sort of shock that kept Mary gaping like an Easter Island statue as she gazed at the open display of nudity. She hadn't seen a girl that age naked since she was in high school herself. But instead of being mortally embarrassed, or charmingly indifferent, she felt something else. Something she couldn't quite place or name made her want to talk to the girl. She felt desperate to engage the young woman and decided it must be academic. Yes, that was it, she only wanted to ask her how someone could reach this point of comfort and calm about exposing their body.

The idea of being attracted to another woman was completely foreign and mysterious to her. Truth be told, it had never entered her mind. In recent years, Oklahoma had been caught up in the moral panic over gay men in California and those other "liberal" parts of the country. Though Mary knew about lesbians, the idea had always been startling to her. As a teenager, she'd practiced kissing with a few of her female friends. An act she undertook with an innocence common to girls her age. At the time, she'd dismissed it as her friends had - harmless fun that would help them please their future boyfriends.

Looking down at the naked girl with rapt attention, Mary told herself that her newfound interest was merely an expression of anthropology, or at least it's equivalent. She knew her struggle to rationalize her interest in the naked girl was an oversimplification.

Yes, in the past, she might have believed it, but this was something else. Faced with something completely new, something tantalizing yet forbidden and forced out of the public consciousness like some sort of plague, Mary placated her curiosity by indulging her intellectualism.

"Who is she?" Mary said.

"A resident," Though Proctor spoke clearly, he barely noticed the naked girl. His focus resided solely with the slack-jawed woman in the sundress next to him. "We can talk to her if you would like."

The first steps to acceptance start with small trembling tiptoes

"She won't mind?"

"That depends entirely on what you wish to say," Proctor said. "Though I doubt you'll find anyone more friendly."

Somehow, Mary managed to muster some small semblance of courage, screwing herself to the sticking place with each step forward. It was impossible to say when the woman first noticed her. She was peering down into a book, an old paperback Mary had never heard of, Time Enough for Love. On the cover was an older man next to the nearly naked goddess from another universe.

Mary found the cover appropriate, this girl also seemed from another universe - a beauty previously unknown to mankind

Here she was, a middle-aged, certainly attractive, but a traditional, stereotypical suburban dream mother. Mary worked hard to present an all-American image. The French-tipped curls of perfectly presented blonde hair; her carefully selected sundress from the finest store she could afford. She represented the ideal image of her era - a look borrowed from the sultry, perfumed magazines that alluded to the sex lives and escapades of the rich and famous. Those lucky few could play a different, more glamorous game. Their existence at once devious and decadent and completely apart from the world below them. They could be admired and worshipped from afar but never fully accepted by the moral majority.

To take that step forward took courage. Mary moved towards this other, radically different person who seemed so open and yet so vulnerable in the way she displayed herself. The girl, so much younger, seemed a complete and confident woman standing - well laying, apart from any commonly held convention. And that made her someone worth seeing. Mary mirrored the other woman's courage, enough at least to draw her into the other woman's presence.

Mary drank in the girl's exposed body, her beautiful curves, her tanned and bronzed bosom. She tried to think of what she might say to her, but the words wisped and wafted over her head, escaping into the stratosphere. The only thoughts that came to Mary's mind were, "she's naked, she's naked" and "oh my goodness! Did I ever look anywhere close to that amazing?"

Once it became obvious that the young woman had noticed her, it was too late for Mary to do anything other than to continue walking closer, looking down at an uncomfortable craning angle. She had to say something; it was becoming unspeakably awkward and the need to speak, to break the tension, burned behind the back of her neck.

Somehow, she managed a few of the simplest words.

"Uh. Hi," Mary muttered, her eyes drifting down to her own shoes.

In an instant, the girl dropped her book down to her stomach, pushed herself up to a sitting position, and in doing so, revealed every inch of her body. Mary felt as though she was gazing at the epitome of perfection - a transcendent goddess with breasts that seem to curve and slope in exactly the right proportions. She stared openly at the girl's nipples with a sense of comparable jealousy and a secret hint of something more. The naked girl sat up without any shame, her legs spreading to offer a perfect view of her vagina. Behind her trimmed bush hid a sex that Mary had never known.

Except briefly... for one moment, one night... when she and a girlfriend had gotten a little too drunk and never spoke of it again. Most of that evening was little more than a blur, a fuzzy blotch on an otherwise blameless life.

Without a moment's pause, the girl stood up and offered her hand. Mary immediately noticed how her breasts, though much smaller than her own, seemed to bounce with the friendly gesture.

"I'm Riley," the girl said. "I imagine the good doctor is giving you the newbie tour?"

"Newbie tour?" Mary asked.

"Dr. Proctor loves breaking in the new girls!"

She caught a withering look from Proctor and immediately fell silent.

"As you know, Riley," Proctor said sternly. "I am not a doctor."

"You might as well be," she said. "You have what, six months left on your Ph.D.?"

"In anthropology," Proctor said. "The addition of a few initials on letterhead is hardly a transformative brand."

"Whatever, be modest," Riley said. "Other than the old man, Doc here pretty much ran the island."

"I would hardly say that."

Riley pulled her arms together and clasped her hands in front of her vagina, squeezing her legs together. The fluid, alluring movements accentuated her already perfect breasts. Were it not for her brazen nudity, the coquettish pose might have created the illusion of a shy damsel in distress.

"Oh, but please doctor. Whatever would we helpless ladies do without you?"

Aiko seemed unimpressed by her feigned display of fragility.

"Somehow, I think you and the missus will continue on just fine without a man."

Though both seemed comfortable with each other as Riley seemed with her own body, Mary found it hard to focus on their friendly banter. Riley's hands dropped to her waist as she talked and Mary couldn't believe the girl wasn't rushing to grab some sort of garment. Instead, Riley made the same gestures a clothed person would, brushing her bangs away from her eyes where they hung ever-so-slightly over her right eye. When her arms moved to cover her breasts, it wasn't a deliberate act of modesty, but rather her natural, off-hand posture.

"Let's not forget our etiquette," Proctor said. "We are ignoring our guest, who came here with the express purpose of meeting you."

"You mean you came all this way to see little old me?" Riley's playful smile was disarming.

Mary started to speak, managing only to stammer, then deferred to Proctor.

"Not you in particular," he said. "Rather the denizens of the island. You must remember, the Bloom family has been estranged for some time."

The words seem to strike them in the face and created an almost somber sense of sadness - one neither Riley nor Proctor had experienced, which pained them nonetheless. From their reaction, Mary knew Liam must have spoken openly with his neighbors about his familial regrets.

Proctor cut through the silence.

"As a personal favor, I would appreciate it if you shared some of your story with Mary. No more than you're comfortable with, of course."

"Right, you want to hear it straight from a siren of the Isle of Lesbos!" Riley laughed at her joke. "You'll find that that's a bit of a tradition here, Mary. The secrets that most people spend their entire lives trying to hide from the rest of the world, we put right out in the open. If someone's going to reject you, why wait until you've spent years bonding with them?"

"Do give her more than that," Proctor said patiently. "She is married to Liam's brother and they've inherited his estate. Also, please keep in mind that Mary and her husband had no idea about the institute until just a few months ago."

In that moment, a noticeable change came over Riley. She didn't quite cover up instantly, it was too late for that. But Mary could see her move her arms across her breasts, barely hiding those beautiful pointed nipples. Riley's hands clenched into interlocking fists and moved to cover her garden that moments before she'd displayed as proudly as a prize-winning rose. Still, the change was unmistakable. Riley appeared mortified to have introduced herself with such inhibition to someone as prim and proper as Mary. Someone who, for all she knew, might determine her future.

"Oh, I am so sorry Mrs. Bloom. You must think I have absolutely no sense of decency. This is... well, there's not many people around at this time of day. Most go out to the ocean or into town or work, and nobody really minds if I show a little skin."

She paused for a second, and then leaned in as if whispering to a fellow conspirator.

"Actually," she said. "Most seem to encourage it."

It was Mary's turn to feel like the interloper. She felt as if she'd intruded on someone's private property and was somehow asserting the right to drop her baggage on their lawn. She immediately began bending over backward to apologize. Not just because she felt she'd violated some strange, exotic custom; she genuinely wanted to hear the girl's story. Riley was the first person Mary had met other than stuffy, stolid Aiko Proctor and she wanted to know everything about her.

"No, please. This is your home. I understood what I was getting into, you'll just have to forgive me if I... uh..." Mary found it impossible to tear her eyes away from Riley. "If I... stare a little. This is just all so new to me."

The words came out so nervously, Mary was sure she'd only made things more awkward. But Riley beamed in response.

"If I didn't want anyone to stare, I wouldn't work so hard at being a looker!"

She was that. With a smile, Riley placed her hands on her hips and cocked her head to the side. Mary's eyes wandered and she noticed the naked girl's long red hair, flowing down almost to her waist. Mary's gaze continued on to the slight angle where Riley's legs connected to her buttocks. Riley, now on full display, posed as though she was modeling an invisible clothing line.

"Well, it shows," Mary said earnestly. "I would kill for your body."

"Well, I would commit a series of war crimes for yours," Riley responded. "Any military tribunal would look at the size of your breasts and agree I had no choice."

"Scale it back a little, Riley. She's new and married," Proctor said.

Mary wondered what Proctor meant. Was Riley a lesbian? She was so young! Mary thought back to her period of experimentation during high school. She and her girlfriends had practiced kissing. There'd also been some heavy petting under the bed covers, but nothing more. Now, Mary found herself wondering what more was possible than the few frantic fingers she'd known, experiences brutally shoved back into the dark recesses of her brain.

"But I love the new ones!" Riley bounced with glee, her breasts heaving ever so slightly with the excited motion. "So, Mrs. Bloom. How long are you here?"

"Oh please, call me Mary. Three days." Mary tried not to blush as she peeked at the naked girl's body.

Mary wondered if she would get used to this. She wasn't like Martin, able to disappear into books endlessly without any human interaction. Realizing that they'd lapsed into silence, Mary struggled to speak. It was as though she was the one without any clothing on. The conversation continued to stall until Riley recognized Mary's discomfort.

"It's a little overwhelming at first, I know," Riley said. "It was a month before I could say two words to anybody." Mary smiled at the supportive statement and Riley continued. "Listen, why don't you come over tonight? My partner, Aubrey, is going to make spaghetti. I'm sure your husband would love it!"

"Oh, I'm quite sure he wouldn't!," Mary laughed.

"Well, come over anyway. I promise we'll be wearing clothes. Besides, I'm sure you have questions for us that the good doctor doesn't need to hear!"

"I'm not sure if I can." Mary's statement betrayed her desire.

With a motion that showcased her firm, swaying breasts, Riley shrugged in response.

"Consider it a standing invitation, then. Dinner at seven," Riley said.

"Thanks. Maybe I'll see you then."




Chapter Five: The After Dinner Show

"Okay, so I have to ask, and I hope I'm not being rude, but how'd you end up on the island?" Aubrey asked.

"I already told you, hon," Riley said. "She's Liam's sister-in-law. "

Though most people would have considered Aubrey to be a stereotypical lesbian, Mary had never really been exposed to such a person, not in rural Oklahoma. Aubrey was older than Riley, at least ten years her senior, but that wasn't what Mary found shocking. Mary stared in polite awe at the woman's extreme haircut. Aubrey's bright blone hair was cut short, in what another person would know as a pixie style, stopping below her neckline and combed to one side, giving her the appearance of a butch punk rock princess. Unlike Riley, Aubrey talked in an aggressive, almost antagonistic meter that made Mary feel self-conscious and awkward throughout dinner. So much so that she barely picked at her plate.


"We're really just here on vacation," Mary volunteered.

"The beaches are the best in the world." Aubrey spoke with an authoritarian tone that overshadowed Riley.

Though Riley was an incredibly outgoing and vocal person, the young girl now seemed demure, now dressed in a white blouse and a bright red skirt. In fact, most of the evening's conversation had been dominated by the two older women. "Older" was completely relative; Aubrey's bright blue eyes and clear, almost rosy, complexion cause Mary to believe she was the elder person at the table, at least by a few years. She felt certain that neither Aubrey nor Riley had children, especially given the biological impossibilities their matching genders presented.

"I haven't got to see the beaches yet, but I did get an eyeful earlier of something else beautiful." Mary's sheepish tone acknowledged the lameness of her joke.

But both her hosts laughed heartily, though Aubrey seemed to be going through the motions.

"I'm sorry about that," Riley said. "In all fairness, Doc didn't warn us."

"Oh, don't worry about it. This was kind of a last minute thing. I've been trying to get my husband on board with relocating here for a long time. Things have been a little tight lately and I thought a change of scenery might do us good."

"Where are you from?" Aubrey asked.

"Cherokee, Oklahoma," Mary answered. "Population 1,500."

"Well, that's quite the city compared to here," Aubrey said. "We might have a tenth of that, though it's hard to know. People here tend to come and go."

Mary nodded then asked a long-gestating question. "So is everyone here, well, you know..."

"A lesbian?" Aubrey asked aggressively. "You must think that because we're here, the island must only be for dykes, right?"

Mary lowered her eyes and blushed in embarrassment.

"Cut her some slack, babe. She didn't know what she was getting into. Besides, I think she's been a good sport so far," Riley chided.

"Well I certainly didn't mean to be such a bitch about it," Aubrey said.

"It's okay," Mary replied. "Riley's right, I'm just not used to this is all."

"No one is," Aubrey responded. "I'm from Waco, myself. Riley and I met at Baylor University."

"Another Southerner!" Mary exclaimed. "I thought you had a little bit of an accent."

"Shaved some off during my years as an academic, but it's still there," Aubrey said.

"Dr. Mayberry, the hottest professor I ever had," Riley said, beaming.

"I really don't want to talk about that," Aubrey said slowly.

"What did you teach?" Mary instantly wished she could withdraw her question.

"Philosophy," Aubrey said coolly.

"And now here we are, exiled on the Isle of Lesbos together," Riley said, trying to be upbeat.

Mary couldn't help herself. "Lesbos?"

"She exaggerates," Aubrey said. "Never mind that Lesbos is in Greece, we hardly represent a conclave of lesbians. That's not to say that we're the only lady loving ladies here. You'll definitely find more than a few like-minded exiles on this island, though most of us would rather not share our stories."

Again, Aubrey stared daggers at Riley.

"I understand," Mary said. She felt strongly that she should share some of her own experiences with these two women, and then the story got away from her. "My husband lost his job recently. He said something very foul to one of his students. He hasn't really been able to talk about it, or about anything really, since it happened. No one in my home town will talk to me now and I'm not even the one who did it. Add to that, Martin won't talk to me either. And there's no money and no place else to go. Honestly, I don't know how we're going to make it with the kids and everything-"

Without warning, Mary burst into tears. It was the sort of uncontrollable sobbing brought on by desperation and futility.

"Shhh, it's okay. Really, it's okay," Riley said with a comforting tone.

Only it wasn't. Mary wailed even louder, her eyes closing as she lost all touch with her usually upbeat demeanor. She knew she was embarrassing herself but she couldn't help it. A lifetime of work lost in one bad moment, and now everything seemed so terribly ruined.

Riley's hand reached out and touched Mary's thigh under the table. Mary found the girl's touch soothing. Her tears abated as Riley's hand stroked up and down, finally finding and then squeezing her hand. Before Mary knew what was happening, the much younger woman moved around the table to hold her. Riley cradled the Oklahoma housewife's head against her small breasts, stroking her hair as she sobbed into her chest.

"The same thing happened to us," Riley said.

"It wasn't the same thing," Aubrey said abruptly. "We didn't do anything wrong."

"Neither did she!" Riley snapped back. "It sure sounds familiar to me. No one talking to you, everyone whispering behind your back, not knowing how you're going to make a living or who in their right mind would hire you."

Aubrey started to say something but Riley cut her off.

"And I know you don't want to talk about it, but it happened to me too," Riley said with a quiet strength. "You can leave and go into our bedroom if you want to be a baby about it."

"I'm sorry. Oh God, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to," Mary stammered.

"It's okay," Aubrey managed. "We can be a little... hostile around heterosexuals."

"We know what you're going through, or at least part of it," Riley said. "I'm only sorry we've been such poor hosts."

Just then, Riley shot Aubrey a look that seemed to say "shut up for the rest of the conversation." Then she turned to Mary and smiled kindly at her.

"Aubrey and I started dating, well sneaking around, to have sex after I started coming by during her office hours for tutoring. I was pretty open to it. Truth be told, I initiated everything. I had a friend in high school and we did a lot of stuff together. Aubrey was really reluctant. I had to charm her. Wile her, ya know?"

"And get me drunk," Aubrey said.

"And get her drunk," Riley smiled. "But only the first time. After that, we couldn't spend enough time together." Riley looked at her lover. "I know you miss teaching. I know how embarrassing it was for you when they finally caught us, but at least we're here now living openly. Aren't you glad we're here?"

"It's really is a beautiful island," Aubrey said quietly.

"I just don't know how I'm going to do it with the kids," Mary managed through the tears. "I can't imagine my son, Brian, seeing you topless. He would lose his mind."

"Well, it's not like he'd get anything more than a look," Riley smiled.

"You get used to it after a while," Aubrey said. "Besides, there are segregated areas for people with children."

"The twins are 18," Mary said.

"Then they won't see anything they wouldn't see at college. Trust me on that," Riley said.

"Oh my God, how are they going to go to college?"

The thought made Mary start crying again.

"There's actually a series of courses Liam Bloom arranged through his connections with professors at the University of Tokyo," Aubrey said. "It's a correspondence course, but there are several teachers on the island."

Mary nodded then changed course. "So, is everyone on the island homosexual?"

"It's a fairly diverse population," Aubrey said. "I would say there are more gay and lesbian couples than anything else, but there's also quite a few swingers and other alternative families sprinkled into the mix."

"Alternative families?" Mary asked.

"Polyamorous relationships," Aubrey said.

Riley sensed their guest required more of an explanation.

"Our closest friends here, Justin, Alice, and Becca, are in one - a polyamorous relationship that is," she said. "It's kind of like a tricycle I guess. When Becca lost her husband in Vietnam, Justin and Alice let her and her kids stay with them, and then something more just sorta happened."

"That was really kind of them, to take them in," Mary said.

"Well," Aubrey said. "It's not like Justin's not having his fair share of fun."

"So they have like, a biblical marriage? Kind of like Rachel, Leah, and Jacob? "

"Sort of, I guess," Riley said. "I don't know, I'm not religious."

"I don't want to classify them with anything that patriarchal," Aubrey said. "Justin and Alice love each other and Becca's also in love with both of them. They both love her, too"

"That must really complicate family reunions," Mary said.

Everyone laughed and Mary got the sense that, despite feeling like a sore thumb, these people were no different from anyone else. So what if these women wanted to live with each other or as a triad? What did it matter to anyone but them? It wasn't like anyone back home would miss Sunday school just because there was an island in the Pacific that happened to be populated by lesbians and sexual deviants. Besides, Mary had known plenty of religious men growing up who had no problems with premarital sex, just as long as they were the ones who got to have it.

"So, be honest," Riley asked. "You've never had any thoughts about being with a woman? You're really just here because of Liam and your husband losing his job?"

"Is that weird?" Mary asked. "I mean, I've never really thought about being with a woman in a relationship."

She didn't know why she omitted her one dalliance. After a lifetime of hiding it, it seemed only natural to keep living the lie. Besides, the encounter was so brief, so incomplete, it seemed impossible to conclude anything definitive enough to share.

"Never? Not even in the shower at school?" Aubrey asked. "You never had any really good friends you experimented with growing up?"

"Don't pressure her," Riley said, then turned to Mary. "I'm sorry, we don't get many people out here who aren't like us, so it's a little unusual. And with everything that we've been through, let's just say it can put some people on the edge."

"I'm sorry, too," Aubrey said, though not quite as sincerely. "I didn't mean to offend you or anyone else by existing."

"There you go again," Riley said. "You been like this ever since we came out. Just because someone's not gay doesn't mean they're the enemy."

Aubrey's eyes narrowed. "You don't understand what it was like 20 years ago, you're too young. You've listened to too much Harvey Milk and all his idyllic recruitment speeches to know how it really was. All you flower children never had to live with the random arrests, the raids, the hiding, and lying. It's not that different now. You might think things changed overnight, but they didn't. There are a lot of people out there who would still love to string us up or burn us like witches."

"Please. Riley replied. "We're way past that now. And just because some fat-ass Christian lady in an unhappy marriage fired you doesn't mean you get to be rude to every straight married woman you meet. We've been over this before. If it wasn't for you explaining things to me, I would've never even known who I was. What we need to be doing is explaining ourselves instead of hiding or attacking people who might ask an impolite question out of ignorance."

An awkward silence enveloped the room and Aubrey stared down at the floor. Mary could sense this fight was choreographed, a well-rehearsed argument that had always existed in their relationship. She might've considered it distasteful for a couple to so publicly air what was clearly a private feud, except she'd witnessed so many of her straight friends back in Oklahoma do the exact same thing. If anything, it was endearing to see the two women draw parallels to her relationship with Martin.

Now that the air was cleared, dozens of questions raced through Mary's head and she tried in vain to filter them in search of one that wasn't offensive. Still, she wasn't sure that the invitation was genuine until she heard Aubrey say it plainly.

"Go ahead," Aubrey said eagerly. "Ask us anything."

"Well, I know how you met, but where was the first date?"

Both women looked pleasantly surprised. Aubrey clearly expected some insensitive or demeaning questions like, who was the man? Or who cooked dinner?

"I don't know if it was really a date so much as a hookup," Aubrey said.

"It was a date," Riley said.

"She came by for help with a reading assignment. I realized pretty quick that she didn't need help with Nietzsche since she clearly already knew all the main points I was trying to make. It was around seven at night and I asked her how she planned to get home..."

"I told her I had to walk," Riley said.

"So I said something like, 'a pretty thing like you, no way I'm going to let you walk home at night" Aubrey smiled. "She failed to mention that she lived less than a mile away. Anyways, the next thing I know, someone suggests we go have a drink at the bar."

"Um, no!" Riley interrupted with a wicked smile. "You were the one who suggested we have a drink at the bar. I was just an innocent young student trying to get an education. And then, like the lecherous professor you are, you just had to take advantage of my nativity to get at my nubile young body."

"How did you bring it up?" Mary asked. "I mean, weren't you worried about getting in trouble?" She quickly continued. "Not that I'm judging. It's just, sleeping with a student is usually a little out of bounds. Then again, my husband taught high school, so it's kind of apples and oranges."

"It's frowned upon." Riley cut in. "Unless of course, you're fucking the hottest professor on campus."

Aubrey blushed then added, "Or if you're a tenured male professor taking advantage of a young coed. But even so, yes. It was definitely hard to bring up."

Riley continued the story. "I guess we're lucky that you're not capable of subtlety. I mean, really! You went on and on about how the ancient Greeks loved sex and the beauty of sexual relationships between teachers and students. Your hints were dropping like a sack of bricks."

"Anyway," Aubrey continued. "After that, after we realized there was something between us, we started making plans to see each other, all on the down low of course. She'd come and stay a weekend with me out of town and every now and then, there'd be a secret tutoring session underneath my desk."

"Underneath your desk?"

"Oh, you know, oral" Riley said.

"You mean with your mouth?" Mary exclaimed. "Gross!"

"I told you she wouldn't get us!" Aubrey was fuming, almost unable to control her anger. Her whole body was shaking with rage in response to the audacity of this middle-aged housewife from the sticks who'd never even considered using her mouth to give a girl pleasure.

"I'm sorry," Mary tripped over herself apologizing. "I didn't... I mean I don't really think that. I guess I'm just a little shocked to hear it."

"Wait..." Riley said as a knowing look spread across her face. "Has your husband never gone down on you?"

"Gone down on me? Do you mean with his mouth? God no!" Mary responded.

"And you've never done it to him?"

"Only a few times. That's it."

The lesbian couple gawked at Mary in stunned silence. Mary suddenly felt like the only kid on the block who hadn't been given a copy of Everything You Need To Know About Sex But Were Too Afraid to Ask. It wasn't like she was a complete innocent. Every now and then, Martin would get it in his head that they should spice up their sex life with a blow job, but Mary was always reluctant to engage in an act that she didn't enjoy. Martin was so mechanically inhibited during sex; so quietly focused and straight to the point that Mary felt lost and isolated. It wasn't that she didn't want more from sex, she just wasn't sure what she needed.

"Oh, honey! You don't know what you're missing out on," Aubrey said, a sincere sympathy flowing through her voice.

"How does it feel?"

"It's an orgasm unlike any you've ever had before. It's a pleasurable, tingling sensation that rolls its way up and down your entire body, overcoming every one of your senses, making you forget where you are and all your worries in one single, transcendent moment," Aubrey said.

"Thanks for the compliment!" Riley interjected.

Aubrey kicked her under the table.

"I don't think I've ever felt anything like that..."

"Oh my God!" Riley exclaimed. "Her husband's never given her an orgasm!"

Mary turned a pale white.

"Never?" Aubrey asked in disbelief. "Not even once?"

"I mean, I'm sure he has. I'm sure it happens every now and then," Mary said timidly.

"If he had," Aubrey said. "You would know."

"Honey, I know our usual rules about this, but this has got to be an exception, right?" Riley asked her lover "I mean, a life without orgasm? She needs this! Plus, she's really hot!"

"I know," Aubrey replied. "But it's got to be Mary's decision. Neither one of us wants to pressure you into doing anything you might regret."

Mary swallowed the rest of her wine in a single gulp, inspecting the empty glass as though it might refill itself in her moment of need. She wasn't quite sure where this evening was going or if she was on board with everything. But part of her yearned to discover what she'd been missing out on.

"What do you mean?" Mary asked.

"Okay," Aubrey said cautiously. "So, we don't want to put you in an uncomfortable position but there's something we talk about a lot... Riley, she's always been curious about other women. And let me say, for the record, we're not some gang of dykes who hit on any woman off the street. We're happily, monogamously partnered."

"Partnered? Why don't you just say married?" Mary asked.

Riley beamed at her. "I knew I liked you."

"Because married is a legal distinction that we're not allowed," Aubrey responded before looking at Riley."And as much as I love this girl, I want the same rights that go along with it. We can't do that if we go around calling each other wife without it really being true."

The look of dejection on Riley's face was painful.

Aubrey continued talking to her lover. "You know I love you, and only you, Riley. I just want the rest of the world to acknowledge and accept that you're my wife. It's an unfair distinction that doesn't change how we feel about each other."

Riley's sad expression evaporated as suddenly as it appeared.

"We're not like the other hippies on this island, experimenting with each other's bodies, stirring up drama about who's sleeping with who. We keep our sex lives to ourselves."

"Oh, they aren't all that bad. Besides, some of the things they get up to seem like fun." Riley grinned.

"We've talked about opening up a little bit, sharing our bedroom," Aubrey continued. "It comes up every now and then. But it's not a priority for us. We're in love with each other and that's enough. I know that Riley's never been with a woman other than myself. It makes me a little insecure to think about her falling for someone else, even though I can appreciate a woman's body enough to know that there's a large spectrum of beauty and body types that Riley never got to enjoy, partly due to me."

"You're worth it," Riley said.

"I love you for saying that," Aubrey responded. "But I also know you like being the center of attention, which is another thing I love about you. I love that you like to sunbathe nude in the front yard and show off your body to the entire neighborhood. I love it because I'm the person you come home. I'm the person everyone else on the island is jealous of."

"I've never thought of it that way, but that's really beautiful," Mary said. "Nudity and sex have always been deeply shameful to me. Having the most embarrassing parts of my body on display. I can't imagine getting naked in front of someone I didn't trust completely."

"Well, no one's asking you to get naked just yet," Aubrey said. "As far as that goes, if you want to dip your toes in the water, I recommend you experiment with a little nude sunbathing or swimming. You know, start small."

Mary smiled bashfully. Her comfortable response set Aubrey at ease and she continued.. "Besides, I think Riley's probably more interested in giving you a demonstration."

"I'm Harvey Milk and I'm here to recruit you!" Riley said.

Aubrey ignored Riley's quip and continued giving Mary the lay of the land. "As I see it, you have a lot of questions about sex that we'd be happy to answer in whatever way you're most comfortable. It's not an offer we've ever extended before. But when I came home, Riley was absolutely glowing about you."

"Glowing about me?" Mary asked.

"Oh, something about the beautiful blonde who saw her naked today," Aubrey said. "My style not withstanding, Riley's attracted to a certain suburban element."

And with her short, cropped hair and almost boyish features, the contrast between Aubrey and the taller, traditionally attractive blonde suburban housewife was profound. Mary wondered if an attraction to women came with the same sense of wanderlust that men experienced. She knew full well that the allure of variety could entice most men to stray. She'd never thought of herself as being capable of infidelity, but the tantalizing thought of actually experiencing a real orgasm at the hands, and tongues, of people who knew what they were doing, was almost too much for her to pass up. But it was also too far, too fast. She'd barely gotten used to the idea of seeing someone she'd just met naked. She definitely wasn't ready to let that someone lick her pussy.

"So," Aubrey said cautiously. "If it's okay with Riley, and I'm sure it is, you can ask us anything you want. And if you like, and only if you like, maybe we'll put on a demonstration."

Mary thought for a long second, then put forth her first question.

"Okay, and this is going to sound bad but I don't know any other way to word it. But... it seems like oral must be pretty phenomenal for you to give up normal sex."

Aubrey replied in a patient tenor. "Well, just so you know, we don't like the term "normal sex." Sexual preferences are always weird and peculiar from the outside. But I get your larger point. Lesbian sex isn't restricted to mouths. We use our fingers, quite well I might add! And we've also got a wide assortment of toys to accommodate the missing appendage you're probably more familiar with."

"Toys?" Mary asked innocently.

"Dildos, vibrators, and our favorite, the strap on."

"What's a strap on?"

"It's like a harness," Riley said. "It straps on around Aubrey's waist and lets her use a dildo to fuck me."

"Oh, like a man?"

"Like a man who never has a problem getting hard after a night of drinking.," Aubrey explained. "A man who never ejaculates before his partner receives pleasure. Plus, we share it so that I get the same experience once Riley is satisfied. But I can understand why you would phrase it like that, even if it's not quite accurate."

"Please don't let us pressure you," Riley interjected. "Being a little more adventurous is something that Aubrey and I have been talking about for a long time. We don't want things to ever get stale between us between the sheets, and I've... Well, I've been curious for quite a while. But if it's not something that you want, I promise we'll understand. If you're thinking about living here, we want to make sure you feel completely at home."

Mary took a deep breath and tried to come up with a measured response. Finally, she gave up, incapable of speaking anything other than her mind.

"Honestly, Riley. You've both made me feel incredibly welcome and indulged my curiosity, even when I've been insensitive. I want to learn more about you two, about everything. I promise I'll let you know if we go past my boundaries."

"Well," Riley said. "If she's never met a lesbian before, and her husband has never gone down on her, I guarantee you she's never seen anything like our strap on."

"Oh come on, you can't show her that," Aubrey protested.

Mary didn't need a diagram to guess at the kind of contraption the two had in mind. But still, she'd never seen a sex toy. That wasn't to say she didn't have girlfriends who talked, but they all lived in Oklahoma City or Norman, both of which were more than three hours away from her small town. The idea of making that journey just to check out some seedy sex store seemed extremely forced and untoward - exactly the sort of thing that her small town neighbors liked to gossip about.

But here she was, with two people who'd invited her into their home to see a strange device that might reinvigorate something in her sex life. It was starting to seem perfectly normal, especially considering her current state of loosened inhibitions. The entire atmosphere of the island seems to be sucked into this tiny home. She didn't feel pressured, but rather found it comforting to know that no matter what happened, the island would remain a safe sanctuary.

So Mary spoke her truth. The words weren't said tentatively or authoritatively. Rather, she sounded like a normal neighbor, asking for a cup of sugar.

"Well, if you don't mind, I'd love it if you showed me."

Riley and Aubrey gasped in silent harmony. Aubrey savored the raw electricity for a moment, then turned to her partner.

"What's the harm?" she asked.

"Really?" Mary started. "I can see it?"

For a long, delicious moment, Mary and Aubrey looked at each other as their eyes conducted a silent, sexual conversation.

"Yes, of course," Aubrey said without breaking Mary's gaze. "Riley, go and get it."

As Riley bounded to the nearby bedroom, Aubrey continued to stare at her beautiful guest, evaluating her response as the two women waited for what seemed to be an eternity. Mary didn't know what to expect. She would've been overwhelmed and overjoyed just to see the apparatus. Her breath quickened as she imagined what it would look like, fixed around Riley's bare, voluptuous hips.

Just then, Riley walked out of the bedroom wearing the strap on. he harness was fastened at two points, both at the top of her waist and down around Riley's waist, her skirt flapping around with the toy as she wiggled it around. Both straps connected around her bottom. Attached in the middle, through a series of metal ringlets was the phallus, unmistakable in its purpose. It seemed larger than her husband's, and he was nothing to complain about in that department. More than that, the big purple dildo seemed thicker than she could imagine actually fitting inside of a person. With every step Riley took, the plastic penis bounced back and forth. Finally, she stood in front of them and reached down to grab the fake dick.

Riley waved it around with her tiny hand, making sure that Mary could see all the terrific angles Riley hoped the beautiful housewife would notice its slight upward curve, a purposeful design feature that made it appear all the more natural.. Mary blushed and looked away for a moment, then pushed past her awkwardness by asking another question.

"Does it give you any pleasure?" she asked Aubrey. "I mean when you use it on Riley?"

"How do you know she only uses it on me?" Riley teased.

"Oh, I never thought about it." Mary thought for a moment. "I thought that maybe you both swapped or... I don't know."

Aubrey cut her off.

"It's really more of a scheduling thing," she said matter of factly. "Sometimes one of us may be too sore to be on the receiving end. I know I am right now, especially after last night. There are always other options, but of all our toys, this is Riley's favorite. It's the biggest."

"Part of me wants to use it right now," Riley said.

"What if you did?" Mary blurted out.

They endured a heightened moment of silence, one accompanied with sexual tension, forbidden desire, and something entirely new Mary observed in the looks on each of the lover's faces. Riley seemed to be fighting an over-enthusiastic response, while Aubrey pensively considered exactly how far her comfort level would allow the evening to progress.

"We really need to set some ground rules if you're at all serious about continuing this," Aubrey said. "I understand the pressure you might feel to humor us, but this would be a first for us in the same way it would be for you. We've had the opportunity to talk this through, and while I'm a little nervous about sharing..."

"We'll do only what you're comfortable with," Riley said. "It's way more important to us that you feel welcome, that you have friends here than it is for us to get wild. I'd hate to think that something we did sour you on Liam's Cove."

But Mary's mind was already made and it took her only a second to say as much. Already her pussy began to dampen against her panties, causing her to wriggle in her seat, anxiously wanting more than just to watch. Somehow, by sheer force of will, she held herself back.

"I can't stop imagining it. I would be beyond thrilled to see whatever expression of love you feel comfortable sharing with me. So long as you both consider me a friend as well, and not some interloper trying to come between you."

Aubrey grinned. "What a very diplomatic way of saying you want to watch me fuck Riley with that strap on."

Mary blushed but didn't look away.

"Don't worry," Aubrey said. "I think we can arrange something."

"Come over here," Riley cooed to her partner.

They moved to their couch, a floral-patterned piece of furniture. It was made of tacky polyester and worn synthetic fibers, sturdy enough to serve their purposes. They didn't start fucking right away. Instead, Aubrey began to slowly caress Riley. The older woman's hands moved down the younger girl's body. Almost in a platonic, non-sexual manner Aubrey grabbed her lover's shoulders and stroked her long red hair, running her hands through each individual lock until she reached her ear. Then, she leaned in and kissed Riley's neck.

Riley gave out a low moan of enthusiasm.

"Are you sure you're okay with this?" Riley once again asked their guest.

"Okay doesn't begin to describe it," Mary said enthusiastically.

The answer sufficed. Riley and Aubrey became absorbed with one another again. It was almost as though Mary was simply another object in the room, barely more than a background ambiance. She watched in awe as their lips interlocked. Each woman stroked the other's hair. Their passion ebbed and flowed as each became more aggressive, then retreated back to let the other partner lead.

It seemed to Mary that Aubrey was the more dominant, as she led more than she followed. But that dynamic was upended as Riley grabbed Aubrey by both of her ears and drew her in close, her lips tugging and even biting softly on her partner's delicate skin.

The scene flipped once again as Aubrey returned to the role of dominant instigator. She worked her way down the girl's body, and as she began pulling up her lover's blouse, Riley assisted her by lifting both her arms over her head.

Mary was treated to a magnificent sight. Underneath the blouse, Rile wore a simple white brasserie that did little to hide the small bulges of her beautiful breasts. Though she'd seen them, there was something almost sexier about being teased. Before moving lower, Aubrey buried her head in between Riley's cleavage, pulling her lover closer as she nuzzled her chest. Aubrey lifted her head and they kissed again. When their lips parted, they worked together to fix the strap on around Aubrey's waist.

Aubrey pushed her lover down on the couch and began pulling up the younger girl's skirt. In a fluid, practiced motion, she pulled down Riley's panties and pushed her skirt up past her waist, revealing the mound of gentle, soft pubis right above her sex. Aubrey moved her lips against over her partner's small breasts, pulling down Riley's bra so that she could gently kiss the hardening nipples freed from the tight-fitting fabric. She took a turn with each breast, sucking on both nipples before moving her head down Riley's stomach.

Riley breathed in sharply. As she arched her back, Mary was afforded an unimpeded look at the young girl's pussy for the second time that day. She could see clearly that it was dripping wet with arousal. Riley's thin, shapely legs spread wide and she thrust her butt forward. Though she could barely make out all Riley's body, Mary memory did the rest. She'd already seen the girl fully displayed earlier that day and would never forget how stunning the girl's perfectly small, perfectly perky breasts looked. She was entranced by Riley's hard, pointy nipples and her lithe, pixie-like body.

And then, Riley's sex disappeared from sight as Aubrey's head went atwix her legs. The young girl let out a soft moan of pleasure as her lover worked her tongue around her clit. Then, in a moment of complete pleasure, she let out a loud cry and grabbed Aubrey by the hair, pushing her head down harder into her pussy. She ground out every last bit of pleasure from her partner's lips and tongue before she tapped her on the head.

"Okay... I'm ready."

They adjusted their position again and Aubrey took a deliberate, angled position above Riley. She adjusted her stance a few times, until, with a practiced motion, she slowly eased her body down until her hips lined up with Riley's.

Mary couldn't quite see the exact moment of penetration, but she watched intently as Aubrey's sultry, denim-covered hips flexed to find the perfect position. Aubrey continued to rotate her hips until the dildo's tip, which was thinner than the rest of the faux cock, came to rest perfectly against Riley's delicate opening. The young woman, anticipating pleasure, whimpered in anticipation before whispering...

"Fuck me, Aubrey. Fuck me so Mary can watch,"

Her voice was a salacious purr; at once demanding and quiet. Her youthful excitement at being on display was obvious. It transcended beyond the stress and toll of everyday life. In that moment, she felt perfect and complete. It was obvious to everyone in the room that Riley had been dying to display her body, to show off every inch through an elaborately exquisite performance.

It was such a turn on, Mary thought she might faint. This was something she never considered possible, and now that it was happening, she felt unprecedented arousal stirring inside of her. She wanted to rip off her sundress and beg Riley to use her.

Though Aubrey was wonderful, it was only Riley she desired. For some reason, Aubrey didn't appeal to her in the same way. It wasn't her hair, if anything she liked Aubrey's style. No, if anything, she thought that might've been a turn on. A stark difference that might help her bridge the gap that led to experimentation with another woman. No, Mary knew without a doubt that Aubrey just wasn't her type. Her type was more like her daughter: petite, small chested, perky and precocious.

The sudden thought of her daughter was unabashedly sexual in nature. The shame of it sent shivers down Mary's spine. Still, she couldn't help but replace Riley with the image of Bethany. Mary watched the fake purple penis slide up to the hilt inside of Riley's hilt, hearing a loud gasp emanate from the girl being so intimately fucked right in front of her. But her thoughts continued to turn her daughter. In Mary's mind, Bethany was laying before her, moaning as her mother thrust the toy deep inside her.

She tried to banish the incestuous thoughts, to hide them in that unseen mental pit where she placed uncomfortable and unseemly things that simply didn't speak about in proper places like Cherokee, Oklahoma. But they refused to go, tormenting her brain as they played on a loop. The depraved images of her daughter, naked and writhing where Riley was being fucked, wouldn't go away.

It was Bethany, not Riley, taking every inch inside her quivering, open sex. It was Bethany grabbing onto the back of her lover's body, her nails digging into her mother's back, her hips, bucking desperately in an effort to push the plastic toy deeper and deeper, faster and faster as she screamed with pleasure and delight. And it was Mary, not Aubrey, making love to her, exploring every inch of her virgin daughter, taking her past the point of no return so she could experience pleasures she didn't know were possible.

Riley's back arched. Her moans echoed throughout the entire house, cascading and clashing off the wall as she shook and wriggled with another orgasm. It was a climax, not only of ultimate satisfaction, but of the fulfillment of a long-desired dream - her need for public and enthusiastic exhibitionism. Riley continued to enjoy this sexual nirvana.

As she watched Riley experience absolute pleasure, her long-awaited climax that arrived far too soon, all Mary could think about was her baby girl.

Could Bethany be interested in such an experience with another woman?

Mary thought of how exciting and exquisite it would be to see her face contorted like Riley's, overcome with pleasure. Despite her wanton desires, Mary knew that such an interaction was as unlikely as it was inappropriate. Thinking past her inflamed sex and dripping panties, Mary found the courage required to banish these incestuous thoughts to the back of her brain, and promised herself she'd never think of them again.

`If only it were so easy.

On the couch,the two lovers looked into each other's eyes. Riley craned her neck up to lock lips with Aubrey's, then they whispered softly into each other's ear. If Mary had to guess, it sounded something like "thank you," or "I love you." Maybe both. They kissed again, slowly, with a delicacy unknown to most men, then Aubrey placed her hand gently on the strap on and guided the instrument softly from Riley's body.

Without any panties, hers being so unceremoniously thrown on the couch, Riley stood up and pushed down her skirt, adjusting her bra back into place. Apart from her mussed hair, flushed face, and bra, she appeared almost as normal as any other churchgoing girl. Aubrey still wore the strap on, it's plastic parts dripping with the slick, sweet nectar of her lover. They hugged each other again, still oblivious to Mary and the world beyond. In that moment, they were simply two people, two lovers lost to the world in each other's embrace.




Chapter Six: Bethany and her Body

For Mary, her experience with Riley and Aubrey proved to be more than just a surreal, fleeting night of experimental voyeurism. It burrowed deep into the back of her brain. Her fantasies remained ever present, manifested as waking dreams that fueled her erotic imagination. Even though it wasn't her husband who dominated her thoughts, she found herself longing for Martin in ways she'd long forgotten. Only the two were barely speaking, created a rising internal sexual tension that constantly threatened to pour out of the recesses of the mind.

Though she could barely bring herself to admit why it was happening, her eyes were constantly drawn to her daughter. Day after day, she craved even the slightest glimpse of Bethany's skin, She imagined her daughter as Riley had been: her legs pushed apart, her head thrown back in ecstasy, her voice screaming loudly, begging her mother to fuck her.

Of course, Bethany was completely unaware of her mother's fantasies. She was a smart girl but still naive, uncertain of what she wanted in life. Just a few weeks ago, she put what she could fit into a single suitcase, said goodbye to everyone and everything she'd ever known in Oklahoma, and moved to a mysterious island in the North Pacific. There was a growing resentment and bitterness, as the uprooting of her life was all because her idiot father couldn't control his fucking mouth and curse outside the classroom like a normal person. No. He had to dress down Heather with the most filthy slurs she'd ever heard. Words she wouldn't have guessed her father knew were leveled at the one fucking brat who would run and tell.

Not that the bitch didn't deserve it.

In a way, Bethany was almost proud of her dad. He'd finally shown himself to be something more than the ineffectual yet effete history teacher he'd so often proved himself to be. Yes, Martin Bloom would happily tell you about the three grueling days that comprised the Battle of Gettysburg, about the fatal charge that brought an end to the great Southern cause. But he never failed to put his students into a bored coma by delving too far into obscure details and ignoring the big picture. He was a good man, never hesitating to bend over backwards and help his students with makeup work or extra credit. At first, every student loved this; they appreciated the opportunity to avoid a tanning by working hard at the last minute. But ultimately, Mr. Bloom was taken advantage of by privileged brats who would rather do anything but work.

Now here she was, thousands of miles away from her home; separated from everything and everyone she'd ever known. She was stranded, all alone on some random island with her parents and brother Brian, forced to live in a place her parents refused to acknowledge except in hushed tones or heated arguments during the final few days before they sold their home and all their possessions. Everything except what each of them could fit in a suitcase.

Worse, she knew from the reaction of the town, that her old life, her friendships, were all a vapid lie. A fake facade of civility that evaporate once she really needed help.

As the feelings of betrayal and frustration dissipated, Bethany began longing for the change. She'd long since grown bored with drinking coffee with her friends and forgetting to tip at the local diner. Back in Cherokee, there was nothing exciting to do within 200 miles. And try thought she might, there was no one from her hometown that she really missed.

Her best friends had always been more interested in attending church socials, school dances, and droning on about which football player they liked. Those girls were going to get married as soon as they could and would happily abandon any pretense or past posturing of leaving their hometown, even if just for college. The last few months had made clear the vapidity of these people she called her friends. After her father's foolish and embarrassing behavior, they'd all given her the cold shoulder. When it was all said and done, she didn't even attend prom. Those days were long in the past, discarded a thousand miles away.

The new Bethany craved adventure. So, she read; she listened; she drank in the world around her. The idea of living in Japan, or really in any other foreign country for that matter, struck her as far better than the boring, trudging existence her former life could offer. Even with just a month left to graduation, she considered ending it early and running off to New York or LA - someplace exciting where the people were new and different. Someplace where she could be different.

She supposed her wish had come true; her life now was certainly different. So different in the fact that her father had forbidden her from going outside. He finally relented; in part because of the ridiculousness of such a rule and his inability to enforce it.

He'd sort of gotten his way immediately. Those first few days after they arrived on the island were insular. They'd all huddled together, fearing to stray far from one another as they adjusted to the newness of it all. Everything from the new jungle climate to the tedious unpacking and claiming of their new home had kept them indoors and within arm's reach.

It wasn't Liam's home anymore. Martin had insisted upon this and Mr. Proctor, their prim and proper valet, confirmed it was so. Like the rest of the island's denizens, Liam preferred to live the simple life in one of the prefabricated homes her mother had told her about. With the same breath, she also forbid her from exploring the island. The time would come when she could, her mother told her, but not now. Still, the mansion was beautiful, and despite her father's urging, Bethany continued to think of it as Liam's home. One of their first points of familial contention had been the scandalous library, full of different erotic, histories, and pornographic photos. Materials her father absolutely forbid her to look upon. But his authority had slowly been eroding, and now, only Brian showed him any deference.

The house was big enough to easily hide almost any activity. And though she appreciated the luxury of having her own bathroom, these days, Bethany practically lived in the library, devouring a reading list left behind by her late uncle. She poured through his books - everything he thought to recommend. She found herself pouring over one essay in particular. It was one of Liam's last works, interestingly titled, The Taste of Taboo...

Though it began in a fairly innocuous and poetic fashion it served as a direct challenge to her strict religious upbringing. Unlike the derivative psalms and proverbs she'd once struggled to memorize, Bethany found herself taking each word with meticulous care. She stopped after each paragraph to consider the message behind the prose.


A Taste of Taboo

By LB

Here is the best story about the shouldn't...

A patriarchal voice whispers in the wild that only one trifle is forbidden. To the humans that hear, all needs are fulfilled. So what is left?

A sole want.

Desire...

Forbidden fruit, neatly displayed at the center of an eternal garden. Not warded off by spells or swords. Not held high above the ground or buried beneath the soil where one must exert an extraordinary effort to earn their passion.

Clear, accessible, effortless craving... against an opaque, ambiguous ultimatum, absent any explanation.

We are all Eve - tempted. Begging to say yes to the serpent as authority screams no. Possessing pales compared to the pursuit. Seeking fulfillment less than repealing that prohibition

We do not need - so we must want.

*****

Lately, her mom seemed much more well-adjusted to their change of scenery. She encouraged them to be patient and bide their time while their father grew more accustomed to their new reality.

Warning the Bethany and Brian not to go too far into the island only encouraged to go exploring. At first, Mary kept a tight watch on her flock, making sure that none of her offspring took off down the obvious path towards the village. But after a week or so, she began to relax. With her mom's attention waning, Bethany seized her opportunity. She picked out some tight fitting jeans shorts, ones she would be comfortable to go swimming in, and a tight, dark top to go with it. The shirt was sleeveless and showed off more than a little of her cleavage. Not that she thought there was much to show. She constantly wished for breasts like her mother's - large and attention-grabbing,

Bethany didn't dare travel down the forbidden path in plain sight. Instead, she broke through the jungle and worked her way down a barely-trodden path that she hoped would lead directly to the beach. The thought of being cooped up on this island with only her family and never even touching her toes in the Pacific Ocean seemed a great travesty, one she determined to rectify.

She picked up a few nicks and scrapes as she pushed her way through the dense foliage. It didn't bother her though; her will was resolute and determined to find the ocean. Her legs burned and ached, but she pressed on. Finally, she found her way past the dark, misshapen rocks that tore past her flip-flops until the whiter sands materialized beneath her feet. From the moment she arrived on its shores, the ocean had her in its thrall.

She loved it.

The beach seemed endless. Bethany took a look around and saw she was entirely alone. Upon realizing her solitary situation, a scandalous thought came over her. It tickled her as though it was a warm, bubbly sensation, driving its way up from between her legs. If this place was truly some sort of forbidden free-for-all, then there was nothing to stop her from experiencing the ocean for the first time as God intended it - completely naked. There was a moment's hesitation, a nervous glance back over her shoulder to see if anyone had followed close behind. Then, her fears dismissed, she took off her top and set it on a nearby rock.

Her breasts felt a cold as a gust of sea breeze blew over her. She looked down at her bare chest, not wishing there was more to see, but that there was someone to see them. Her tiny nipples hardened and pushed outward. She stood still for a moment, with her hands on her hips and her thumbs hooked in her shorts as she considered taking this final step.

Her decision made, she pulled down the final curtain, and without knowing it, put an end to a chapter of her life. It was a permanent advancement, as she unknowingly stripped for an unseen audience. Unhindered by the hidden onlooker, she bent over, exposing her ample, apple-shaped bottom so as to kick off the denim shorts. Standing there, completely naked in nature like some savage on a deserted island, Bethany experienced a sensation entirely strange and wholly exotic.

She felt free.

Like many of the other girls in her school, Bethany had embraced the fad of shaving her pubic hair so that her tiny sex could draw more attention. Not that she had ever experienced any attention, male or otherwise. Like most of the girls, and truthfully, most of the boys in Cherokee, Oklahoma, she'd had almost no exposure to even the most casual or candid conversations about sex. Most of what she'd learned had been preserved in time from the Stone Age. Each lesson designed to scare kids into thinking that masturbation might cause blindness, that wasted sperm might as well have been shot directly into God's eye, and that anything outside of the marital bed was a taboo only to be crossed at the peril of ostracization and eternal hellfire.

Though she knew those lessons were ridiculous, some part of her expected an angry bolt of lightning to come thundering down and zap her dead right there on the beach. The righteous electricity would reduce her beautiful, young 18-year-old body into a nondescript clump of ash and crystallized sand. Her remains would serve a brutal warning to anyone else who dared flout the sanctimonious, outdated expectations that thrived in small, rural communities like the one she'd escaped. Her mind ducked past the puritanical lessons of her past. She glanced back over her shoulder once more, peering everywhere except the place where one solitary person stood, hidden by the trees they gazed through. The unseen eyes watched her every move, waiting desperately to see the slight curve of her breasts when she turned around.

But Bethany didn't turn. Instead, she ran straight to the ocean, her muscular legs rippling; her full butt bouncing adorable as she sprinted towards the water. It was as though she sought a baptismal for most egregious of sins: celibacy. The water was frigid at first; the chill ran through to her bones. It was all she could bear as a wave splashed against her tits, leaving seafoam all over her body, like that famous painting - minus the clamshell.

She laughed, as much at herself as at the joy she felt in thumbing her nose at everything she'd ever been taught to fear. Without hesitation, she exchanged her moral anxieties for one single moment of pure ecstasy and exhilaration. Because at that moment, eternity in hell couldn't compare to the pure, unadulterated pleasure of finally feeling free in this new and strange place.

She swam out, almost past the breakers, towards the setting sun. Bethany kept the beach in sight as she paddled out, treading water as she looked out into the horizon. There, she found the expanse of the ocean truly breathtaking. She thought that only a sailor could ever share this experience. Oklahoma had been the place she was born, but in this moment, she knew she belonged in this place. Not just to this tiny corner of Japan, but to the world.

It was the kind of life-changing epiphany common for those in their teenage years. The idea to do something wild and crazy like running off and starting a band, or switching majors to something completely impractical. It had been an accidental moment of clarity that suddenly overtakes the common problems and concerns of the day, cramming everything down underneath this new idea of monumental importance.

She might've stayed in the water forever if had it not been for the setting sun.

There was something special about feeling such a large body of water pressed against her naked body for the first time. Especially once she acclimated to the cold water. As she swam, everything seemed perfectly in balance. Bethany knew that this was the only way she'd ever set foot in the water again - completely nude. It was a feeling of being at one with nature. Of being a part of the ecosystem instead of something above it, something which warped and wove the earth into artificial constructs, needlessly built out of some puritanical fetish. It occurred to Bethany that the problem was no longer hers to bear. She'd finally glimpsed something in her future that felt as attainable as the shoreline.

There was something wonderful to be said for that kind of hope. Something to be screamed and shouted. And as she exited the blue expanse, the realization stayed with her.

She shook herself off the beach, using both of her hands to ring out her long dark hair, even though she wouldn't bother to do anything more with it. She looked out again. Where before there had been apprehension, now there was only an anxious excitement. The excitement was born from the potential of someone actually watching her as she put on this naked display. But it was an ancillary thought, cradled deep within her mind. With the deliciously deviant thought tucked away, she was thrilled at simply being naked. Unashamed, she stood tall, her bare breasts in full view. Her hairless pussy stirred wickedly as she reveled in her conspicuous exposure.

She didn't want to find her clothes and resume a covered facade. She didn't want to rejoin the real world, even though that was what everyone expected. She'd never been so comfortable in her life and dreaded the idea of closing off her body again. Still, there didn't seem to be any other choice. So reluctantly, Bethany started back towards the shore. She combed the sands, trying to find the exact same spot where she'd left the rocks. At first, she wasn't worried. There was no need to be. She'd swam far enough out that it was more than possible she'd inadvertently veered off, especially as the twilight started to spread over the Cove.

She moved to her left, assuming she'd drifted with the current. But this was nothing more than a guess. The island wasn't very large and the idea of not being able to find her way back to the mansion never occurred to her. But now, she couldn't remember which brambles and branches she followed on her way through to the beach.

Panic set in once she found her book on the rocks where she was sure she'd left her clothes, only to find nothing on the sand nearby. There were no other places she hadn't searched, and her confidence waned. Just then, Bethany thought of the consequences of her actions, the stern rebukes she'd receive from her father, the groundings, the...

The what?

She laughed to herself at the ridiculous though. Here, she was an heiress to a vast island, and a mischievous idea began to take root. Bethany was an adult; she was 18 and no longer a child under her parent's care. Her thoughts returned to her late uncle, Liam Bloom. He'd created this place for people exactly like her, people who wanted to be free from society and live their lives in whatever weird ways they deemed appropriate.

So, why shouldn't she try something fun? Worrying about the judgments of others was no way to make a decision.

They were all on this island together. Why couldn't she do as the Romans did?

And, more to the point, what could her father really do about it?

The irreverent idea continued to blossom, bolstered by her own burgeoning sense of independence. It was the same instinctual impulse to pre-label oneself grown before fully understanding the world. For most 18-year-olds, the idea of becoming fully emancipated would have been foolhardy given their ignorance about the world. But in this corner of the Earth, Bethany knew nearly as much as her family. Apparently, there were plenty of people on the island who thought as she did. And as a Bloom, she had a right to claim the sanctuary of her inheritance, regardless of what her foul-mouthed and foul-mannered father said.

Bethany wasn't sure what else to do. She'd already outlined the beginnings of the forthcoming confrontation, playing it out as a vignette, over and over again in her head. With barely any sunlight remaining, she knew she had to start making her way home. There was a chance that one of her family members would see her. And as she imagined their reaction, mortified though they might be, the many arguments that played on a loop in her mind kept her resolute.

In the fading light, she pulled out Liam's last book to her favorite passage, hoping to draw from it one last bit of courage.

What imbues that apple with worth? The taste, no matter how ripe and juicy, pales to the potential of the prohibited. There is a kind of virtue in the violation, a shared sentiment between sinners who believe against better judgment that they might know better than the authority. That they might grasp around the base of the tree, and shake and shake until every morsel of knowledge, every understanding of good and evil is delivered unto them.

And with that understanding, they might make a world in their image....

A world better for surpassing the supposed moralists, those who whispered and shouted shouldn't until their cries grew crude and callow. Those who waded in the shallows, afraid to really swim...

*****

Sometimes a sentence, even out of context, can strike a person in exactly the manner needed, if not intended. And Bethany, guided by the old man so recently departed, knew she would also need to do more than just swim. Her life needed to be defined by this newborn sensual expression.

Ever so galvanized, Bethany still felt sheepish as she blustered her way back through the jungle. Her hands alternated between protectively covering her breasts and her sex from the wild, unruly prickles and sticks. Ironically, she became all too cognizant of the fundamental need to cover oneself. With every step and every breath, she grew more and more exhausted. She wondered how anyone in their right mind could call such a disaster a path. The more energy she expanded on her journey home, the more her anxiety evaporated from the sheer struggle of her fighting her way back through the untamed nature.

Explaining to her family how she'd lost her clothes once seemed like the most humiliating thing in the world. Now she was more concerned with finding her way back at all. She pushed on, the scratches and weird itches blurred into her burning muscles and aching joints until suddenly, a branch snapped just beyond her.

Despite her alarm, she was too tired to care about anyone else's opinion. Showing herself to her family, displaying herself unabashedly, seemed to be the most honest way to get it over with all at once. She would announce her independence as she beat her fists against her petite breasts. She would stand there, naked in the fresh air, and proclaim that she had tried something new and would continue to be her own person, whether on this island or elsewhere. The thought gave her a sudden rush of excitement. She would stand tall, proud and nude, and herald her adulthood by baring herself to anyone who dared to look.

The rationale behind this tactic grew and Bethany told herself, without really believing it, that she could make an articulated stand for her sexual liberation. She felt a swelling between her legs, a prominent tingle of excitement at the thought of being truly seen.

Plus, there was the assurance of their guide, Aiko Proctor. Yes, she could always live someplace else on the island. Mr. Proctor had insisted there were many available homes. No doubt she'd be provided an allotted and some sort of position, should her father be as rash as kick her out. Over and over again, she reminded herself that she was 18 and could do as she pleased. She pumped herself up, steeling up every ounce of courage within her. Holding her breath, she stepped closer to the clearing.

At once, it became obvious that she was lost.

Instead of one big mansion, she saw the rows and rows of prefabricated houses. Some with lights on, others barren and empty. Even now, still in the trees, she was nearly in the yard of the nearest home. It was close enough that the bamboo forest could be considered a part of their property if such a thing truly existed in Liam's Cove. Then, she heard it.

"Oh God! Fuck me harder, Daddy!"

Was it actually incest?

Once she saw them, she couldn't look away. Entranced by the scene, she crept closer, emerging out of the forest unseen. She watched with rapt attention as the two identical young men took their turns with the young woman, casually alternating between each of her orifices, as though it was a routine, perfected through years of practice. At times they had her bent over, her ass in the air. Her blonde hair was tied in pigtails so that one of them could pull them, tugging her pussy back onto his cock as the other twin shoved his manhood into her mouth.

Moments later, the blonde girl found herself splayed out on the picnic table, her neck craned backwards as one of them pressed his dick further down her throat. Bethany didn't even realize that she'd begun masturbating. She was overcome by what she was watching. Mindlessly, she felt her hands move down toward her pelvis and begin involuntarily rubbing her dripping sex. Desperately, she thrust against her hand, seeking release. She watched as one of the brothers positioned himself underneath the older woman, his body propped up awkwardly beneath her so that she was sitting on his lap.

"Oh God! It's so big in my ass!"

Bethany couldn't believe what she was witnessing. Here was a woman, only a few years younger than her mother. She was completely naked, her large, undulating breasts covered in perspiration as she went between these two men. Bethany had heard of anal, just not of anyone actually doing it. Yet, with abandon, this woman moved up and down on the man's penis, forcing all of him inside of her bottom, begging for more.

"Please, give me your cock! Please! I want to suck it so bad..."

"What is daddy doing to you?" he asked.

"He's fucking..." The words died in her throat, as though she was gasping for air. "Daddy's fucking my ass."

Bethany couldn't believe it. The threesome alone was taboo enough. She marveled at hearing how vocal they were, screaming out obscenities usually hushed behind the covers. It imprinted on her imagination, and she started seeing not just nudity, but sex itself as an activity for her new exhibitionism. Her pussy ached with desire, desperate to join in the action. But each participant was so engrossed by their activities that they failed to notice Bethany as she stood nearby, looking on.

"Then here you go. Suck what I give you and don't stop until I tell you slut."

Bethany thought the woman tried to say "yes daddy," but the words were hidden behind a muffled yelp he shoved the cock down her throat. The man grabbed her pigtails, forcing himself deeper as he fucked her face. She offered no words of protest, her face radiating with lust as drool dripped down her chin. She gulped at the cock in her mouth and simultaneously pushed herself down on the cock in her ass. It wasn't enough, and he grabbed her by the waist, forcing her down. She immediately let out a yelp of pain and pleasure.

Through practice and sordid discussions with her friends, Bethany had a better understanding of her own body than did her mother. She'd frequently masturbated to completion, every few days for the last month after nearly being caught by her mother in the shower. Though it was exciting, the heightened risk triggered her sense of shame, mostly because of how it heightened her own arousal to race her body against the chance of being caught.

Still, she'd known how to make the most of a showerhead since that very first time.

It had been almost accidental. At first, the handheld nozzle tickled her pussy. Then, she began to position it deliberately, enthralled with this new idea. The knocks, the pounding on the door, the risk of being caught, none of it mattered in that moment. Unable to stop herself, she reached down and touched the area above her opening, angling it at just the right space for the perfect sensation from the stream. She let it build and build until she shook with ecstasy. It had been somewhat disturbing at first, how much she enjoyed the thought of her mom being on the other side of the door, shouting at her to finish up before she used all the hot water as it sprayed her little pussy. Those concerns seemed so trivial as she gave herself the most powerful orgasm of her life.

She'd almost fallen down in the shower.

Her hands grabbed at the sliding bar on the shower door for balance as she composed herself. Taking a extra second to rinse off the gleam of sex, she hurriedly turned off the nozzle, then wrapped herself in a towel barely large enough to cover her body before opening the door. She recalled the feelings of guilt and excitement as her mother stared down at her, her wet body clad in next to nothing.

Mary had been almost unable to tear her eyes away. Not knowing any better, Bethany assumed her mother knew exactly what she had been doing.

It had been nearly a month since that chance discovery right before her parents vacation. Since then, desperation caused her to repeat the performance, at times longing for an intrusion that never came. It wasn't because Mary lacked the opportunity, though at times she swore it off, Bethany's desires directly correlated with her mother's presence. Truth be told, the thought of her mom pounding on the door, maybe even coming into the room, enticed her imagination in ways she couldn't fully understand. Other times, she'd tried giving herself an orgasm while lying in bed, frantically rubbing her aching sex only to give up without the added exticement of risk.

Even now, as she experienced a new level of excitement while watching the two brothers taking turns on either side of this blonde woman, she couldn't help but think of the near miss with her mother. Only now with so many taboos already violated, she went further in her imagings. She switched their roles, fantasizing about catching her mom naked, her enormous bust barely contained by a towel as she scampered out of the bathroom.

Except for that one moment in the shower, Bethany had never been this turned on. She was desperate to relieve the tension that consumed every inch of her body, that overpowered her every thought and every rational part of her being. Now, just as it had then, the same lustful desire dripped down from her glistening sex. Try though she might to force the image of her mom out of her mind, she found herself unable to stop replaying variations of the same steamy shower scene. As she drew closer, she let these forbidden thoughts combine with the sex unfolding in front of her face. She was so wet that her index finger slid easily inside her tight, young vagina. She moaned heavily at the new sensation of having something inside her young body for the first time.

"God, double stuff me! Both of you fuck me!"

The other man changed positions so that each of them could work together to pull the woman's legs apart. Bethany marveled at the size of their bulging cocks. Even though these were the first penises she'd ever seen, there was no doubt in her mind that they were larger than average. Even from a distance, she looked on in wonder at their massive, purple cockheads. Then, one of the brothers began stroking himself, keeping himself ready until he could find the exact right spot for penetration. Though Beth couldn't quite see it happen, she heard the loud screams as the two men moved inside of her body together.

"Oh Fuck! God, Yes! Use Me!"

"Take it! Oh yeah, that feels so fucking tight. How does it feel, finally having both of your holes filled?"

"Oh my god, oh my god!" the woman panted.

"You wish we were triplets, don't you? That way you could have a cock in your mouth too!"

"Fuck, I'm such a slut. Fuck me harder. HARDER!"

Bethany's hands explored every inch of her pussy. Her hips ground against her fingers, the tension in her bodybuilding and building until there was nothing she could do but scream as the sensation carried her past any previous point of human joy or pleasure.

Bethany collapsed as she came, her knees buckling as she landed softly on the grass.

*****

Time seemed to pass in a blur. She was oblivious to the fact that her voyeuristic adventure had been put on hold. As she came to, she realized that none of the three sexual partners she'd been watching were wearing much in the way of clothing. One of the twins had on blue jeans, the other hid behind him. Bethany noticed how his sandy blond hair and muscular body was identical to his brothers. Though he was trying to deemphasize it, it was plainly obvious he was naked, and on top of that, still erect. Bethany stared at his huge member and tried to imagine taking such a monster inside of her.

"Oh god, are you okay?" The woman asked.

Up close, she still reminded Bethany of her mother. Her blonde hair was a little bit darker, but her breasts were large and exposed, and in Bethany's opinion, perfect. She had wonderfully dark nipples that Bethany couldn't help but stare at. The woman bent over, her breasts swaying with the motion as she reached out to take Bethany's hand. As the woman lifted her up, Bethany felt their touch against her longing body. Bethany struggled to right herself and without thinking, grabbed onto the woman's shoulders for support.

"I think I'll be fine," Bethany said. "I just slipped."

"Thank God!" The naked woman then introduced herself. "I'm Sarah."

"She must be the new girl," the naked twin said.

"Go inside, David. You'll scare her off," the woman said.

The man made a move as if to say something, but then turned and stormed off.

"Sorry about that, you kind of interrupted something." Bethany blushed and the woman moved to ease her embarrassment. "We don't mind, honest. We noticed you were watching and decided to give you more of a show. "

"I've never seen anything like that before," Bethany said excitedly.

"Well then, I guess you are new to the island," the woman said with a laugh. "You must be a Bethany Bloom."

"How do you know my name?"

The woman shrugged."It's a small town," she said plainly. "Besides, Aiko gave us a heads up. I think he wanted us on our best behavior."

"Oh. Well, I'm really sorry I interrupted you." Bethany looked at the ground as she spoke. "I just got so, well... I don't know what happened."

"Judging from what I saw, I'd say that you had an orgasm."

Bethany looked back down, sheepishly.

"Yeah. It was certainly something," she said.

"Have you ever played with yourself before, dear?"

It was then, upon hearing her matronly tone, that Bethany realized the woman was probably closer to her mother's age than she initially thought.

"Yeah," Bethany replied softly. "I mean, not like that, but I've played with myself. I guess it's just been a while. And it was nothing like this... I mean, watching you and your daddy."

Sarah laughed again.

"Oh dear, that's just a role-play game we play. "

"Oh..." Bethany said.

Of course, she knew that, but it was weird talking naked to a triad who had just been in the throes of pleasure that she found her words coming out awkwardly.

Sarah felt the need to explain herself

"We were just trying something new. They were pretending to be the gay couple down the road and I was their naughty daughter who came home after being fucked by her boyfriend. To punish me they decided they would use me like a faggot."

Again, Bethany found herself at a loss for words. Her eyes, wide as saucers, made obvious her shock.

"Okay, I get it! TMI! But, you were watching!" Sarah laughed. "Well, more than watching I'd say, given that you're standing here bare ass naked."

"Oh yeah, uh, I kind of went for a skinny dip," Bethany stammered. "When I got out of the water, I don't know what happened. All my clothes were just gone."

"Would you like to wear something of mine?" Sarah asked. "I'm sure I have something that will fit you."

Before she had a moment to think, Bethany spoke with her new-found assertiveness.

"No, I'm okay. I mean it's okay, right? To be naked on the island?"

"I mean, yes. Obviously," Sarah pointed happily at her own body and Bethany took it as an invitation to admire her perfect curves, to look over every inch of her skin, including the bush that sat just above her precious folds.

"You seemed scared honey, almost like that was your first time watching. Now I'm guessing it very well might have been."

"Yeah, but that's not really it," Bethany said. "I'm about to tell my family that I prefer to live naked, as much as possible that is."

"Oh wow, well a quick word of advice. It's much better to stick with what makes you happy and then find others who accept you for it. Believe it or not, a lot of my family weren't exactly happy with David and Dennis, but why would I limit my happiness?"

"So, you get to have both of them?" Bethany asked. "Don't they mind? I mean, how do you decide who does what? And isn't that wrong? I mean, being with two brothers? -"

"I'm going to stop you right there sweetie. I'm afraid I've heard this question one too many times before."

"I'm not like David and I are doing anything," Dennis said plainly. "So there's no worry about birth defects or anything. Besides, we're built exactly the same, so it's not even that weird for us. I guess maybe for other people, but we don't worry about that."

There was a brief pause, then Sarah looked up and down Bethany's naked body.

"Did you want to join in honey?" She asked. "I know it can be really hard to ask, but we wouldn't do anything you didn't want. Consent is the only rule on this island and I don't want you to worry for a second that anyone, not even David, would do anything you weren't completely comfortable with."

"Thanks," Bethany replied. "I do kind of want to, but..."

"I get it. You've had enough excitement for one night," Sarah said as she smiled at the young girl. "It's okay honey. I promise, whenever you're ready, we'll help you meet some people. A girl like you will have plenty of takers. Trust me."

"Thanks, really." Bethany looked around, then asked sheepishly, "this is really embarrassing, but how do I get home?"

"I assume you mean the big house?" Bethany nodded and Sarah offered up direction. "You're literally about 50 feet away from the path. Just turn that tight little butt of yours around and you'll be home in about 20 minutes."




Chapter Seven: Her Brother's Angle

Why?

Brian kept asking himself,

Why hadn't he just stayed in the U.S. and attended the University of Oklahoma? Why did his dad's big mouth have so much power over his own existence?

And why did he follow his sister down to the beach?

The last question seemed painfully obvious. He'd been waiting for days to get out of the house, waiting for the opportunity to escape and do something besides pour over old books and unpack boxes in a house that would never feel like home.

But still, why hadn't he announced himself? Why had he lurked behind her, keeping his distance, following her from behind?

And why did he steal her clothes?

The last question was obvious. As he watched her strip naked, he saw every inch of her backside. He saw how the curve of her back ran down to her cleft, then gazed at the perfect bulge of her ass as those shorts slid down. He'd never seen a girl naked before, having long since convinced himself that he wasn't really interested in any of the girls at his former high school. Like his father, Brian was bookish, nerdy, and far more interested in things like Star Wars and old-school paperbacks than he was with naked girls.

But still, he watched his sister unknowingly undress in front of him, more aroused than ever. He leered over her figure, perfectly silhouetted by the setting sun. The moment when she bent over and revealed her beautiful ass to him... he would have traded all the pulp novels he owned just to move twenty feet closer to her. Sure he'd seen his fair share of skin magazines. His friends passed them around like treasured possessions. But this was worlds beyond a picture in a sticky, used up magazine. She wasn't some airbrushed blonde bombshell, splaying her legs out wide to give a gynecological view of her vagina. This was his sister, a real girl, standing there in her unadorned flesh. And to his surprise and relief, his cock grew harder than ever.

His sense of relief came from deep seeded concern. In the pages of those skin magazines, he couldn't help but notice those muscle-bound hunks with their large phalluses shoved into the twats and mouths of these women. Truly, they were impossible to miss, but they always seemed to draw his attention. At first, he thought it was just window shopping, comparing sizes, or any one of a thousand other explanations. He rationalized it away while clinging to his fading expectations. But he knew the truth; he was on the cusp of realizing something uniquely unsettling. He tried to avoid thinking about men, forcing the girls to the forefront of his mind as he desperately tugged on his flaccid member. Only, despite his best efforts, Brian found that the idea of naked men kept popping up to assault his imagination.

He might have overlooked this preoccupation with penises if it hadn't resulted in him experimenting with his own body. He repeatedly found himself drawn the most extreme photo in those magazines. One example was a spread of a well-endowed, handsome man who was resting the head of his dick on the outside of a blonde MILF's plump ass. In the next photo, he could see the man, his huge cock half in and half out of the woman's butthole, her pristine face posed in a look of absolute ecstasy.

He wanted to focus on putting his penis inside of a girl's butt, only the excited look on her face stood in stark contrast to the man's dull, almost uninterested expression. It made him want to be her. He couldn't help but wonder how something that big might feel inside him. His curiosity grew and grew until one day, a few months before they moved to the island, he dared to experiment in a moment of unbridled lust.

Brian used the bathroom when the masturbated, running the water and pretending to bathe. He was in the middle of a stroke session, looking at his favorite pictures and imagining the man's cock pressed against his butt. In spite of his shame, the idea ravaged his mind. It whirling around until he became desperate enough to try anything. His hands spread his cheeks apart, his fingers reached for his unused hole. Upon touching the opening, he hesitated to enter himself. Something about the inherent dirtiness held him back from actually inserting his digit. He gave out a loud gasp as his middle finger excited him in the most intimate of ways.

While laying on his side, he arched his back. He moved his body back as his finger massaged his hole, unwilling and unable to bring himself to actually bear down. It still seemed too unseemingly, like his hands could never be clean after violating himself in this way. He used his left hand to tease his hole as he stroked himself, bringing himself to the point of climax before he stopped. He paused and looked around wildly for something else to defile himself with.


From the floor, the door stopper seemed to stare him right in the face. Brian adjusted his ass, lining it up with the cheap plastic white cap on the metal spring. His asshole, while resisting the intruder at first, gave him the pleasurable feeling of something again teasing his most sensitive area. It bent around on the spring, not quite lining up, as Brian desperately tried to shove it into the right spot. He moved again and again, until he forced himself open, accepting almost an inch of the object.

It was more than enough. He gave a loud moan, feeling for the first time the blissful sensation of internal stimulation. He moved awkwardly but passionately, pretending through his posture that the door stop was actually fucking him. Brian heard the door rattle against the latch and couldn't care less. The slight discomfort was offset by the intense taboo of being used like the porn stars in those magazines. He wanted more. He scooted against the wall, trying to push all of it inside himself. But before he could truly enjoy being used by the metal object, a familiar tingle began shooting up to the head of his penis. Even that little bit inside him was enough to push him over the edge.

He came forcefully; his cock, his stomach, even the mat in front of the bathroom door, were all covered with semen. It took him a second to regain any sense of control. Only after the sensation of pleasure subsided was he overwhelmed by the sharp pang of self-disgust. Panicked, he clenched and kept himself from removing the makeshift sex toy. In that horrible moment, he worried that his mother or father might find him attached to the door. Somehow, he slowed his breathing and managed to remove the stopper. After he came free, he cleaned up the bathroom and resolved never to do such a vile thing again.

His pledge lasted nearly three days.

After that, he resumed his experimentation with a wild and repressed abandon, making do with markers or pencils that he threw away in disgust after managing to work a few inches inside himself. Only once did he dare take a marker much further. He nearly lost his grip, and immediately decided to restrict himself so as not to lose anything inside himself. He eventually settled on Bethany's hairbrush, the handle fit perfectly inside his tight ass. It was wider than he was used to and stretched him past any point he could have ever imagined.

And best of all, there was something sensual about seeing his sister grip it later that day when she brushed her hair.

Unable to reconcile the startling and embarrassing new sexual picadillo that confronted him, Brian engaged in a pyrrhic battle that pitted his self-denial against his humiliating desires. Even when he imagined girls, or looked at photos of women he deemed desirable, Brian could only cum when he engaged in the most depraved and disgusting sex acts he could imagine.

Compared to the highs and lows of the past few months, spying on his sister as she got naked seemed normal, almost like a natural reaction. He was grateful for this new chapter in his sexual curiosity; it made him feel something like a man. His dick actually responded to a girl undressing right in front of him without any disturbing homosexual thoughts..

From his hidden vantage point, he took in her ass first. She faced the ocean as she took off her top, making him wait until she turned back to see her dot-shaped nipples, pointed and dark against her skin. She turned around quickly, almost as if teasing him, leaving him silently begging to see more. He grinned as he watched the flesh of her ass bounce as she ran towards the surf, his cock completely rigid in his jeans.

Once she swam out into the ocean, he breathed a sigh of relief. He'd gotten away with it, completely unnoticed. His shameful secret would never be revealed. He tried to portray his desires as merely an experiment. It was all an exercise to ensure that he wasn't some sissy or faggot. But as she moved away, Brian felt his desire stir. He realized he wouldn't be satisfied until he saw all of her clearly. She was right there in front of him, a nude speck just over the horizon. Who knew if he'd get another opportunity to glimpse her pussy? So he waited, adjusting his cock over and over again as he justified the lust he felt for his twin sister.

He took off his glasses as he waited, wiping them on his T-shirt in the hope that a proper cleaning might turn them into binoculars. Just then, an idea struck him, impulsive and completely irresistible. Before he knew what he was doing, he'd run out to the rock where her clothes lay. He craned his neck the entire time as he looked out to the horizon, keeping a constant vigil. In a moment, her garments were in his hand and he was running back to his hiding place in the tree line, invisible to anyone on the beach.

Then, he waited.

And waited.

By the time she swam in, it was getting dark. Brian could barely make out his sister's silhouette as she emerged from the water. He could just make out her body against the setting sun, but it was enough. Frustratingly, his sister's pussy was left almost entirely to his imagination. As she walked toward his hidden vantage point, she unwittingly presented him with the sight of her pert, petite boobs. He watched them shake as she bent down, trying to find her clothing on the rocks. She searched around, and in doing so, give him mind-blowing glimpses of her beautiful body. Instinctively, he pulled his cock out from within his tight, restrictive jeans and began stroking.

This was nothing like the skin magazines. If he'd stopped to consider the cause of his actions, Brian might have recognized the violation as the impetus. The inherent taboo of watching his sister look futility for the clothes he clutched tightly in his left hand, spurred his desire. She bent over and looked out to the ocean, then finally spread her legs just enough that Brian could see her sex. As he stared at her perfect, tight little ass, he found himself nearing the edge.

He breathed heavily, and in a moment of lust, pulled his sister's panties from the clump of clothing in his hands. As she bent over, looking along the rocks, he fondled the white, nearly see-through garment in his hands; the smooth silk slid along his shaft as he used it to masturbate. The thought of those panties touching Bethany's pussy, the same panties that were now sliding up and down his cock, brought him so close...

Then Bethany started walking toward him, almost deliberately. Her eyes seemed to look straight into his. She came closer to the woods, and he could just barely make out her hairless pussy. At that moment, staring at his exposed sister, her eyes seeming locked on his, his cock exploded. He shot cum into her panties in rope after rope of shame. Just as he finished, Bethany seemed to close the distance. She stood on the verge of discovering him, head in hand, leaking his last few drops of cum into the pile of her clothes as his feet.

Sadly, there was no time to savor his orgasm. With his smaller head finished thinking, Brian bolted. This wasn't something that could ever be explained away or forgotten if he were discovered. No, if he managed to escape unseen, this would be his dark secret. Something so shameful he could never share. Brian dropped his sister's clothes where he stood and retreated back towards the house. He looked back over his shoulder, and to his relief, saw that his sister was nowhere close to following him.

He resolved to never again pursue his sister again; he'd let this one magical moment embed itself inside his erotic imagination, lingering for eternity, always coupled with the amazing fantasy that something else might have happened. Even though he took his time walking back, he still had to stop at several points along the path to catch his breath. Reminding himself she hadn't seen him helped. With any luck, Bethany might just sneak back past him on her way home. He could avoid her and just forget the whole thing happened.

He couldn't have been more wrong.

When he returned to the house, he found their parents were waiting on the porch, his father's face frozen in a glare of livid displeasure. The lines on Martin Bloom's face were angled into a scowl, his arms were crossed angrily. To his surprise, Brian's usually sweet and demure mother also had her hands on her wide hips, her expression one of concern and profound worry.

"Where's your sister?" Mary asked.

"I haven't seen her," Brian said.

Unfortunately, he wasn't a very convincing liar.

"Where the hell did you go?" Martin asked, his voice so low it was almost a growl.

"I just went down to the beach to..."

"I told you not to leave the house!" Martin roared.

"I'm sorry, I got bored and..." Brian's father interrupted him once again.

"Do you have any idea the types of perverts there are on this island? There are homos all along the cove who'd be glad to teach you a lesson about sexual deviance. Do I need to remind you about the failings of the Greco-Romans? How their love for molesting young boys undid the greatest thinking minds of that era? Do I?"

Martin Bloom went on for several minutes, railing his son about the dangers of homosexuality in a profanity-infused, intolerant tirade. He was so caught up in his own lecture that he failed to notice his daughter, coming up the path clad in nothing more than a nervous smile.

Mary noticed her naked daughter first. Her face turned red and then a ghastly white as Bethany emerged from the thick jungle. The faint light from the house was enough to illuminate Bethany. It took Mary only cursory glance to see her daughter approaching the family, timid and tentative, bearing all of her body for them to see.

As she stepped fully into the light, neither Brian nor Mary could tear their eyes away from Bethany's stark naked body. It didn't matter that they were all related. Two pairs of eyes traced their way up and down her pixie-like body with a hidden, secret desperation that neither dared to imagine the other shared. Both their gazes lingered on Bethany's budding breasts. Though they were barely more than a handful, they looked exquisite. Her nipples drew every eye, hard from the night's air. Mary glanced down her body and wondered about how her daughter managed to nearly completely shave her pussy.

Amazingly, Martin managed not to explode in irate fury at the sight of this incredible act of disrespect. His mind burned at the very thought of what he was seeing. His face flushed and reddened at the wanton, willful disrespect to his authority. He directed all of his anger inward as he struggled to understand why his teenage daughter would dare defy him with such an open and brazen announcement.

"So... I lost my clothes at the beach," Bethany said. The strength in her voice quickly gave way as a lump formed in her throat. "And... uh... I don't think I want to wear them anymore."

"Excuse me?" Martin's voice rattled with anger.

"Well, it is a nudist island and..."

Bethany wasn't able to finish her thought.

"Young lady!" Martin cried out. "You're going to march upstairs right now and put on something decent! Then we're going to have a family meeting and figure out what to do about this god forsaken island once and for all!"

Bethany and her father had this fight, or at least a tamer version of it, plenty of times before. Once, they'd fought over a miniskirt, another time over a revealing dress. Martin tended to lose his cool anytime Bethany wore anything remotely raunchy. Martin's delicate sensibilities about how his daughter should behave were now ripped apart, her behavior past the point of reason. Skinny-dipping was bad enough. But this was a new level of unacceptable

Now, it was Bethany's turn to interrupt. She didn't give him time to finish his thought. Like an animal responding to a predator, Bethany rose up on her haunches and breathed fire back at her father.

"No. I don't think I will," Bethany said.

"Since when do you decide what you will or won't do?" There was a surprise in Martin's voice but he continued on. "As long as you're under my-"

"Roof?" Bethany gestured to the sky and he breathed in deeply before throwing her arms up into the air in exasperation, a wide motion that caused her small, supple breasts to bounce. "News flash, Dad. We aren't under your roof. Know why? Because you don't own a house anymore. Because you can't control your mouth. We're in Uncle Liam's home. You know? The brother who you never told us about? And why? Because he was bi? Or gay? Is that why? You wouldn't talk to him because he was gay and still gave you his fucking house!"

"You have no idea what you're talking about."

Martin's words were icy.

"It sure seems like everyone else here loved him. "

"If you say another fucking word about it-"

He stepped forward, and came uncomfortably close to his completely nude daughter. Martin glanced down and watched her breasts move up and down, heaving with excitement as their confrontation escalated. He expected her to back down at any moment, to start crying and pleading as she'd done so many times following one of her childish tantrums. Martin looked back up into her eyes and saw tears begin welling up. But rather than placating his rage, Bethany's teary eyes served as fuel for his defiant anger. He looked down again at her tits, unable to deny his realization that his little girl was now a fully-formed woman. Her blossomed breasts and bare pussy were so close that he could have easily reached out and felt both. Instead, his anger caused him to clench his fists and pull back his shoulders in a menacing manner.

"Martin get inside," Mary demanded. "Right now!"

"I am not about to-"

"You most certainly are," Mary responded with tremendous patience. "I'm going to talk to Bethany and address the situation. You need some time to calm down."

"But-"

"She's naked!" Mary couldn't believe she had to point this out. "So both of you boys need to get inside right now."

Martin realized there was no arguing with her. Both he and his son turned to head inside and allow the two women to talk, although Brian did so more reluctantly than his father.

Martin practically ran up the stairs. Once he reached the safety of his room, he began to fume. He found himself unable to read, unable to write. All he could do was think about exactly what he'd say to Bethany the next time he got his hands on her. He considered spanking her, punishing her like he had when she was a child. Yes, the belt would teach her a lesson; he'd happily put welts on her ass if it meant she learned to act appropriately.

His anger appeared to be the only means of overwhelming the lustful images of his daughter playing in his mind. Visions of her loomed large and he thought of how Bethany's boobs were much smaller, and seemingly more firm than his wife's. His daughter's gorgeous tits surprised him; they were larger than the concealing bras and T-shirts she wore suggested. He remembered their perfect symmetry, how they stood straight out with small, petite nipples, so different than her mother's. God, she was so fucking young and pretty. Martin's mind continued to race and he couldn't help but wonder about the parts he hadn't stared at, her tight, virginal pussy, her shapely ass...

He continued pacing around the house, trying desperately to focus on something else. But his anger had taken over. Martin fumed at the disrespect he'd just endured. Both the women in his life had thoroughly emasculated him. And try as he might to prevent it, his anger was mixed with untapped lust.

The fresh memory of his naked daughter, her whole body open to him, remained at the forefront of his mind. And basically, his wife had joined Bethany's defiant cause. It made Martin want to break something, made him want to rush back downstairs and reassert himself, physically if need be. Instinctively, he started thinking like a principal and imagined himself bringing a paddle or his hand down hard on each of her tight butt cheeks. It felt good to think about holding her down across his knees. He could almost hear the reverberating smacks as he struck her flesh with his hands, along with her uncontrollable sobs and weepy promises to behave.

It'd been nearly an hour since Martin secluded himself in his bedroom, and still, he tried to pretend that his lustful thoughts about his daughter weren't real. He kept trying and trying to convince himself that he was different than Liam. That he could never be the type of pervert who developed sexual feelings for a family member. His Herculean effort to deny the truth of his feeling resulted in an intractable rage that only Mary could calm.

Thankfully, she appeared moments later and sought to calm her husband's storm.

"I know you're angry, but everything's settled," Mary said.

"I cannot believe she dared-"

"Calm down," Mary said. "It's over now. She's not going to do that again."

Martin sighed in relief and tried to rid himself of his new obsession with his daughter's body.

"So, we need to discuss punishments," Martin said sternly.

"There won't be any," Mary responded.

"What?!" Martin's anger flared up again.

"Calm down," Mary urged. "What can we actually do to her? Not let her borrow the car to visit her friends? Kick her out? Would you rather she go live with a bunch of nudists and swingers? Because a beautiful young teenage girl like that, trust me, she'll find someone here to shack up with."

"So what do we do?" There was defeat in Martin's voice.

"There's nothing for you to do," Mary said. "Because I already took care of it."

"Nothing?!"

"Absolutely nothing. The biggest nothing you'll ever accomplish in your life." Martin started to protest again, but his wife cut him off. "This is absolutely non negotiable. Now, dear, before you blow your top again, let me explain,"

"What possible explanation is there for just letting our daughter walk around naked?"

"We are not going to just let her just walk around naked," Mary said. "But you have to acknowledge that she's an adult. She's 18. There's little we can do to stop her. Plus, according to Liam's will, she has a legal right to stay on this island."

Martin expression became apoplectic and Mary tried to lighten his miserable mood with better news. "However, I did have a long talk with her and we've come to an arrangement."

"So, we're negotiating with our children now?"

Mary sighed. "The dynamic is changing. Rather it has changed, largely because of your actions."

Her statement cut Martin like a knife, so he turned the sharp edge on her.

"Maybe you've forgotten you were the only one who wanted to move here!" Martin protested. "You refused to leave it alone until you got your way!"

"Because we had no other choice!"

The sudden departure from her usually demure tone shocked Mary's husband into silence.

"Now, listen!" Mary urged. "We've got to make the best of our circumstances. Besides, there's a good chance that this is just a passing phase."

Martin was at once elated and sick with disappointment as he considered the possibility.

"In the meantime," Mary continued. "She agrees that it was rude and inconsiderate of her to assume that the family wouldn't be upset by her nudity. She also agreed with me when I said that we need to set up some ground rules. I think we made some good strides."

"Ground rules?"

"Yes. For instance, I asked her to remain dressed when you or Brian are around."

"But not you?" Martin sounded practically jealous, but his needy tone was lost on Mary.

Mary had her own reasons for not insisting that he daughter remain clothed while in her presence. In fact, Mary had immediately accepted that she was tremendously excited to experience more of her daughter's nudity, and possibly to share in it. She craved the sight of Bethany's body and couldn't wait to see her strut around the house naked. She already wondered how Bethany might react if her Mom joined her, though she wasn't sure how to ask.

Mary saw no harm in her daughter fulfilling a fantasy that just happened to be mutually pleasing for both of them. Was she supposed to hate the sight of young girl naked? Because she didn't see that happening. Besides, Bethany had made it obvious she wanted people to watch. Mary just didn't want to ruin it by letting on how much it aroused her.

"We're both women," Mary paused, well aware that her next statement would upset her husband. "And besides, she plans on visiting the village... naturally."

"No way! She's not going down to meet with those degenerates!"

"Be realistic about this," Mary implored. "We have no way of stopping her. And, rather than scream at her and have her go live with one of those degenerates, I thought it better if she and I went together so that I could make sure she was safe."

"These are the ground rules?" Martin couldn't help but sound ungrateful. "This is what you negotiated for an hour to get?"

"Well, a lot of it was her sobbing and cursing about you." Mary put her hands on her hips as she scolded her husband. "She does have a point though. You did make everyone in town hate us."

The pain in Martin's face let Mary know she'd made her point.

"We've already had that argument, so let's focus on the fact that our children are adults and that we've managed to keep some rules and authority in the house that we all own together as a family."

"But-"

"I don't expect you like any of this. But you know... she's right about another thing too. It's about time you told us what happened with Uncle Liam."

"Forget it."

"I'm serious Martin, whatever happened between the two of you suddenly seems very relevant to the rest of the family and me-"

"Fucking drop it."

"You know what," Mary said, her patience evaporating. "I think I'll find another room to sleep in."




Chapter Eight: A Teasing Interlude

Though he tried to avoid her, Martin bumped into Bethany that next day. The first time, in the morning, she was wandering around the parlor, wearing a faded black t-shirt that was just long enough to cover her ass. When she bent over, he could just make out the bottom cleft of her porcelain cheeks. He couldn't help but look. His unlucky streak still intact, he stared at her barely exposed ass for just one second too long. Sensing his eyes upon her, Bethany glanced back just before he looked away, catching the undeniably lecherous look on her father's face. She glared back at him, maintaining eye contact until Martin's eyes darted down to the floor. She couldn't help but laugh at his expense as he retreated into the master bedroom, doing his best to hide from his teenage daughter.

That afternoon, she wore only a bikini around the house, which she happily took off to suntanned. Initially, she turned her deck chair away from the house, as though she were putting on a show for the inhabitants of the island - broadcasting her nudity to all who might pass by. She didn't intend to tease her father and brother, never realizing that at this exact moment, both were peeking at her through their respective windows.

Unaware of their overlapping interest, father and son gazed secretly at the naked beauty, sunbathing on the lawn. Without a doubt, Brian's room on the first floor afforded him with a better view. Though it required every ounce of his courage to peek out of the blinds at his sister, the reward was definitely worth the risk.

Bethany lay face down, her adorable ass exposed to the sun. Despite being pressed down against the pool chair, Brian could just make out the shape of those stunningly sensual curves. Brian's hand reflexively reached for his cock. He wasn't ready to completely betray himself to his sister's flesh, so he lightly brushed at his hard rod. He waited, hoping to see more. Ten minutes later, she turned over.

At first, Bethany kept her hands clasped over her breasts. She cocked her head quizzically towards the house and scanned each of the windows. Then, in a move that made it appear she'd decided that modesty was pointless, she dropped her hands and bared her body to anyone who might happen across her, including her family. Resting her hands on her hips, she felt an impish sense of empowerment and pride that caused her nipples to harden.

Less than twenty feet away, Bethany's brother was afforded a perfect view of her breasts.

No longer satisfied by his soft contact, Brian started stroking his throbbing cock in earnest to the sight of his sister. Though she couldn't see him, he couldn't help but wonder what the hell he was doing and how far this could go. He tugged on himself with increasing friction, his wanton desire propelling him toward the point of climax. He tried to slow his hand, dismayed by the speed at which pre-cum began to leak from the head of his delighted cock. In an attempt to delay the inevitable, he clamped down on the head of his cock; he didn't want to recklessly shoot his semen all over the kitchen floor. But he was too far gone; his innate desire to express his lust was unavoidable. Brian's seed leaked out past the tip of his cock, dribbling onto his hands as she watched his sister's nearly naked body basking topless in the sun.

At this point, with the floodgates primed and ready, Brian had only two options: He could tighten his grip and fling his fist up and down his shaft with reckless abandon until he exploded, or stop his pursuit of pleasure, ruining the orgasm.

Surprisingly, Brian chose the path of pain. His entire body screamed in revolt as he stopped running the cock-rubbing road to physical nirvana. His cock did its best to resist, making things as difficult as possible. As Brian shoved his painfully-hard cock back into his jeans, even that stimulation made him close to exploding out his own cum in beautiful bolts of white. Though he had little time to commend himself, Brian decided there was still something noble to allowing himself to only half-sate his most urgent desires.

Though Brian's cock was hidden, albeit poorly, behind the stretched fabric of his pants he suddenly felt exposed. The boy dashed back to his room, abandoning his peeping sentry post in a kinetic gust of a confusion and excitement.

For his part, Martin had simply been looking out a window in the master bedroom onto the grounds below. He considered his discovery of the young, naked woman in the backyard, a woman that he just happened to be related to, purely accidental - or at least that's what he told himself as he glowered down at his sunbathing daughter.

"If she weren't so rude and disrespectful, I wouldn't have to look at this."

He repeated the thought to himself as though it were a mantra. He knew what he was doing, layering over the thoughts he didn't want to acknowledge with anger. But as long as they stayed below the surface, he was safe.

For an hour or so, Bethany sunned her naked, nubile body in broad daylight. Her father didn't lurk - that would've been inappropriate. Instead, he simply checked in every few minutes. At first, his glances down at the display of glistening skin lasted only a few moments. But, after thirty minutes, Martin's quick glances turned into minute-long observations. He openly watched the youngest member of his family parade around the front lawn and move on down to the beach, flexing her bare bottom and stretching her legs with each step she took down the path until her naked form disappeared from view.

Martin told himself he wasn't waiting for her to return, he was just working around the house. So what if he kept track of his daughter? This island was insane, it was his fatherly duty to make sure she didn't get lost, or even worse, waylaid by their pervert neighbors. He'd just keep checking in until she returned. He refused to acknowledge the other thoughts swirling just outside his train of thought. He knew what he was really doing, hoping to watch Bethany as she walked back up towards the house, her body on display. He wanted to see her newly bronzed body, displayed in all of its perfection. He wanted to see his little girl's pussy.

Sadly, as he watched her go inside a few hours later, his view was blocked by the towel Bethany was wrapped in. Martin did his best to remain in a state of absolute denial, trying to force down his erection at every turn, to deny himself the surprising, unfortunate truth he'd learned about his sexual self. In an attempt to ease his trouble, he shut himself off from the rest of the house. As he saw it, behind any door, his daughter might be prancing around, her inviting body ready to force even more unpleasant realizations upon him. He kept at the years'-long process of shutting off his own sexuality, twisting and warping his attraction in seething, pent-up anger.

So Martin dreamt about discipline, about the different means and methods he might use to reassert himself as the head of their family. He lavished his attention on daydreams, where he made both women acknowledge his rightful position as patriarch of this family. His righteous domination would allow him to pull his family back from the brink of ruin. Only just beneath the surface bubbled something more behind this fantasy of punishing his wife and daughter.


Chapter Nine: Mother and Daughter

"Oh my god, Mom!"

Bethany's cry of disbelief punctuated a startling moment when a fantasy become reality. Following her declaration that she would be embracing a new, nude lifestyle, Bethany assumed she'd have the house mostly to herself. Surely her nudist outlook would shock her family in a submissive state of permanent solitude. And she'd been right, with one exception. Her mother dared to do more than simply sulk in her room and stare from a distance.

Unbeknownst to her daughter, Mary had been broadening her own horizons. Wouldn't her family be shocked if they knew she'd watched her new friends, Aubrey and Riley, go at each other. They'd probably swallow their tongues if they knew she'd been invited into their bedroom, an invitation she declined. Her excuse had been her marriage. But, truth be told, Mary had already progressed past the tenant of strict fidelity. Her reluctance to engage Aubrey and Riley had more to do with her burgeoning feelings for her child and her unnerving desire to lay herself bare before her daughter.

Mary and Bethany sized each other up. Despite her best efforts, being face to face with her mother caused Bethany to revert back into a sulking teenager who felt caught rather than comfortable naked. Involuntarily, Bethany squeezed her legs together and clutched her arms awkwardly to obscure her breasts.

"Harder than you thought?" Mary failed to suck the snark out of her voice.

"Just harder with all of your judgments!" Bethany raged, making sure to let her mother hear the anger in her voice.

"Who's judging you?" Mary was surprised at how quickly her tone went from snarky to unassuming.

"Oh, don't act as if I fit into your stereotypical feminine ideal!" Bethany was talking a mile a minute. "I'm not going to be the same boring sorority Sooner who leaves college with no more than a Mrs. degree. I want to be free! To try new things! Just because you never got a chance to do anything fun..."

"I have fun," Mary said calmly.

"I don't mean reading the latest issue of Cosmo."

"You mean sex."

Bethany blushed in response to her mother's bold question.

"I don't really want to hear about-"

"And I don't really want to see my baby all the way grown up, flaunting the fact that she's so... um, mature-" With an exaggerated swing of her arms, Mary motioned at her daughter's breasts. "But I guess it's time everyone got used to seeing you in different ways. No, not different. In the real way. I know I'm always going to be your mom. But you haven't been my baby for years. You aren't even the same person you were last month, let alone a child. It's time for me to adjust and accept that we have a new, adult relationship."

Bethany was taken aback. "Um... thanks, Mom."

"But, you also have to see me as more than just your Mom," Mary continued, her tone becoming very serious. "That's part of the trade. I have to see you as being 18 instead of 8 and you have to see me as a woman, not just your mother. It shouldn't surprise you to hear that sometimes I still feel 18 instead of... well..."

"It's not like you're old," Bethany hoped her mom knew she meant it.

She never thought of her as being old. Mary was too stunning. Often her daughter felt eclipsed by her All-American good looks.

"It's not like getting older is something that happens consciously... or voluntarily." Mary smiled at her daughter, then continued. " I still remember Woodstock, Vietnam. It seems like yesterday that all my girlfriends were talking about 'free love.' Only I never felt comfortable with myself. I was repulsed by the people I considered 'immoral.' We called them the worst things, 'degenerates' and 'deviants,' even 'homos,' we should have just said different."

Mary took a deep breath, then continued. "I see those same people here on the island, the nonconformists, the people I used to think were crazy. They seem like normal people who just want to live their life a little different than mine. I also can't help but look back and wonder how many doors were closed to me just because of where I was born. Or how many I chose not to walk through because I was scared of seeing something that might challenge this image of myself. And why? Because I wanted to fit in? Look where we are now and I still can't figure out what the hell I'm doing!"

"But how did it happen?"

"What do you mean?" Mary asked.

"Conforming. You know, becoming the Mom everyone expects."

"I don't think that's what happened," Mary countered. "You have to remember, the world's so different these days. It might have only been 20 years ago, but for Cherokee, you two were quite the scandal."

"Us?"

"Oh, my!" Mary quickly realized her mistake.

"Wait..."

"Honey, I thought you'd figured it out." Mary's eyes were compassionate, but she couldn't help but sound a bit surprised at her daughter's delayed discovery. "I mean, we told everyone you came early..."

Bethany looked out with a vacant stare.

"I'm really sorry, honey." Mary wrung her hands in frustration. "I thought you knew. Brian asked about it years ago. I mean, there were only whispers. In those days, you just didn't talk about premarital sex."

Bethany thought for a long moment, then said simply, "So, my mom was a slut."

Mary couldn't help but smile at the inference.

"Shhh..." She said playfully. "Come on, sit down with me."

The two moved onto the large sectional couch. With a slightly exaggerated flair, Mary bent forward as she sat down causing her pendulous breasts nearly fell free of her tight blouse. She awkwardly adjusted the straps of her bra before leaning forward again. She moved confidently, without concern for being watched. Sitting there, Mary and Bethany gravitated towards one another like two gossiping teenage girls, instead of mother and daughter.

"Things... were a lot different back then." Mary started. "My goodness, how do I even explain it? I mean, all of this! There's just nothing in my past that could prepare me for this island."

"I know, I just love it!" Bethany seemed to hug herself as she rocked back and forth ever so slightly, noticing the sensation of her bare bottom sliding against the fabric.

Mary smiled.

"I'm glad you like it here." She sighed. "Your father and Brian have hardly ventured out of their rooms."

Both mother and daughter were well aware the men were avoiding the main parts of the house, they just didn't know exactly why. Mary wanted her family, her entire family, to feel comfortable in their home. It may have been seven thousand miles from Oklahoma, but it was the Bloom home, whether they liked it or not.

"Do you think..." Bethany started, then felt slightly embarrassed to voice her suspicions. "Dad and Brian probably aren't ever going to be comfortable being around me when I'm naked, huh?"

"Probably?" Mary teased. "With that body? There's no probably about it."

"Come on Mom!" The adult-themed compliment caused Bethany to blush. "You know, at school, the girls called me 'late bloomer.'"

"Oh, Honey!" Mary's protective nature, her desire to protect her child, stirred in her chest.

"It's the creativity that gets to you." Bethany looked at the floor as she spoke. "I mean, 'flatsy patsy' was totally unoriginal, but it still sucked to hear."

"I always thought you had plenty of friends..."

Bethany snorted as she laughed. "Sure. Yeah. I mean, I guess I did until Dad... well, you know. We all hung out with each other, but there were only seven fucking girls in my entire graduating class."

The statement caused Mary to flinch. While she certainly loved their time in Cherokee, the town hadn't always loved her back. The people there labeled her, stopping short of parading her through town wearing a scarlet letter.

"I'm sorry Cherokee wasn't what you wanted."

"It's okay..." Bethany shrugged in an effort to downplay her disappointment.

"No, it's not." Mary pressed. "You hated it. Only I didn't notice. I could have done more to make you happy. We didn't have to live there."

"I don't know that I always hated it. Besides, where would we have gone, Mom? Besides, we're here now, as far away from that shithole town as possible."

Bethany swore with a unique enthusiasm - one that drew attention to her cursing. Mary always considered it foul for vile words to come out of a pretty mouth. But, this time, it didn't bother her as much. There was a softening of predefined roles, a changing in their dynamic. She definitely saw Bethany as something more than her daughter... she just didn't know what that meant, or what to do about it.

"I guess if Cherokee had been exciting, or even tolerable, I might have been okay with staying." Bethany seemed to rest her case, then looked expectantly to her mother for a response. Mary paused, trying to gather herself. Her eyes had once again wandered down to her daughter's chest and she watched with rapt fascination as Bethany's breasts moved in time with her breathing. Mary struggled to speak.

"Maybe... maybe the really horrible moments are a blessing. If it's enough to propel us forward into the next part of life," Mary said. "I mean, here I am, living in the last place I could expect. Who knows if I could've changed so quickly if it weren't for how bad things finally got back home?"

"If we hadn't been forced here, would I..." Mary's eyes darted to her daughter's body. "Would I even be considering this?"

Although Mary was clearly considering something else, to Bethany, the words sounded like a rejection of this lifestyle. The younger girl shrank back on the couch, away from her mother. She knew there was an embarrassed expression stamped on her face. She hated how obvious it was. Bethany seemed to fold in on herself, her shoulders pitching forward so that her arms created a blockade - one that did only a marginal job of hiding her nipples from Mary's eyes.

"I'm sorry this is so miserable for you," Bethany said.

Bethany didn't quite know why she craved her mother's approval. Yes, there was the obvious reason - that her Mom now made up exactly one-third of her social circle. But it was something more than that, some part of her craving something more than the motherly approval. Bethany listened to her response with desperate longing.

"Not miserable." Mary tried to smile at her daughter, but her nerves wouldn't allow it. Her tongue threatened to betray her, but she knew an explanation was owed. "Misery isn't the right word. But, it doesn't feel right to call it tension. Hell..."

She looked at daughter and she broke - her eyes now soft with longing as she ran her gaze up and down her daughter's succulent, naked body. Whatever resolve Mary had left crumbled; she was no longer able to conceal her desire. She drank in every inch.


Bethany's heart leaped at the change. She watched with loving anticipation as her mother lingered over her most secret and special parts, especially as they came to rest on her lap and legs. Wordlessly, Mary licked her lips, gawking at her daughter's hairless pussy. Recognizing this, Bethany felt no hesitation in separating her legs - just enough to tempt her now an obviously-enchanted mother. Both pushed each other forward subtly, not quite sure, hoping that their burgeoning feelings were shared.

"I..." Mary shook her head, almost in a trance. "What was I saying?"

"Something about hell..." Bethany smiled.

Mary nodded, then said strangely, "Hell can take pleasing shapes.."

Seizing her moment, Bethany pounced on her prey and purred, "Yeah? And what shapes do you find pleasing?"

This realized confidence made Bethany's body tingle with delight. She arched her back and shoulders, making her sexual agency obvious.

There was one upside to how much her family was avoiding her - she'd had plenty of opportunities to practice sexy poses in front of the mansions many full-body mirrors. It felt so good to show off in shared spaces, especially knowing anyone might see what she was doing. She posed on all fours, laid on her back, even propped herself up on her side, lifting her leg straight up into the air. She marveled at how her vagina opened and how sexy she looked, wondering enthusiastically about experiences with the same sex.

Vainly, part of her wanted to experience her own body from the outside. She thought her pussy looked tasty, she could only hope it looked delicious to her mother. Bethany certainly was curious to try out her Mom's. And as she posed, she hoped to present a view break any last reservations.

"I shouldn't... I mean this..." Mary was a goner; her daughter controlled her fate.

"Calm down, Mom. You haven't done anything wrong! I mean, really! We're enjoying ourselves, right?"

"Yes..." Mary said softly. "But, maybe I've let you... let myself go too far."

"How did you go too far?"

Mary tried looking up from her daughter and into her eyes, but she couldn't hold Bethany's urgent gaze.

"By looking at me?" Bethany's back arched a little more. "Mom! I want you to look!"

Surprise cut through the lust-induced confusion and Mary's eyes snapped back to meet her daughter's.

"You do?"

"Uh, yeah! I mean, I don't see the point of being nude while being locked away in a room by myself. I want you guys to see me naked." Bethany said. "I mean, is that weird?"

"Everything here feels weird."

They both laughed.

"So, then let's be weird, Mom! Besides, we're not hurting anybody, right?"

"Right..."

"I mean, what's the harm in just looking, right? You've seen me naked before."

Her daughter's invitation was like a playful slap across the pleasure centers of her mind. Now aware of the promise before her, Mary was able to take a deep breath and follow her delightfully debauched instincts.

"Well, a lot has changed since then!"

"Not as much as I hoped!" Bethany laughed and cupped her hands under her breasts, offering them up for comparison. "I always hoped these would grow to be exactly like yours. I mean, they're so beautiful!"

"Oh, it's not as big a deal as all that, having big breasts."

"Then show me!"

"What?!"

Mary didn't know why she offered up any resistance. She worried she was enjoying this too much. As they say, 'misery loves company' and Mary felt so wonderfully miserable.

"Come on, Mom! It's not like I haven't seen your boobs before. I mean, I used to suck on them!"

"Like you could possibly remember that!" Mary scoffed.

"All the more reason to remind me."

"I don't know." Mary's eyes darted to the floor. "I think I've already done enough on this island, to tell the truth."

Her mother's hint of a tantalizing story made Bethany forget about the alluring pose she was holding. Quickly, she leaned forward. "Oh? What did you do?"

"Nevermind. I shouldn't say anything,"

"Come on, Mom! I won't tell! I promise!"

Mary let out a loud sigh, then began recounting her first day on the island - specifically, her unplanned introduction to Aubrey and Riley. The secret spilled out all at once, with Mary openly discussing how she watched Aubrey work a strap on into her younger lover. Bethany listened attentively, squirming every now and then with an excitement her mother pretended not to notice. It reminded Mary of how Riley had acted during dinner the night they met. She had wriggled like that, just before they...

"As I was walking home, I realized what a horrible boundary I'd crossed." Mary tried to make it sound as though she regretted what happened, but her penance was hollow. She swallowed hard, trying to force her heart rate to something slower than a hummingbird's, then continued her manufactured attempt to sound remorseful.

"I guess and I mean, meeting Aubrey and Riley did give me a better idea of who Liam was and what this island's all about. But I'm not sure where things go from here. Should I pretend that nothing happened? If I do that, how weird will it be the next time I see them?"

Her insecurities expressed, Mary realized her anxiety was misplaced. She filled her lungs and let out a cleansing breath.

"God, it feels good to tell someone. For days, I've felt... ashamed."

Mary was touched by the expression of genuine sympathy her daughter provided. This warm look of compassion was worn so well by a young woman wearing nothing else. Her burden lightened, Mary realized she had no reason to hide behind this shame. Besides, her daughter was obviously a receptive audience. Her calm recaptured, Mary finished her story - adding in some salacious details she might have otherwise left out. To her surprise, Mary ended on a personal and unexpected note.

"... and she came again, and just as hard! I honestly didn't think that was possible... although, how would I know, right?"

A moment passed, then Bethany's mouth fell open in surprise. "Wait a second. Are you saying you've never had an orgasm?"

Though she knew her daughter asked without malice, Mary still felt the keen sting of embarrassment. She tried to respond but struggled to find the right words.

"Mom... it's okay. Really. Everyone can't until they can" Bethany barely hesitated before saying, "If you want, I could show you how."

Mary's stomach flipped in delight, as though they'd driven too quickly over a small hill. Despite her body's response, the repressed part of her brain refused to quit. "I think I've been shown quite enough, thank you very..."

Bethany's movement interrupted her mother. With a knowing smile, the naked girl reclined until her back was supported the arm of the couch. Then, she lifted her hips into the perfect position. She stretched out her legs, pointing her toes toward her mother as she flexed. Then, with a slow but steady purpose, Bethany spread her legs. Though she desperately wanted her mother to see all of her, Bethany also wanted to give her mother the chance to object if she felt uncomfortable.

Though her mouth fell open in shock, Mary could make no sound as she looked down at her daughter's vagina. Transfixed, she stared at the tight pink flesh as it opened ever so slightly, allowing Mary the slightest peek inside her baby girl's sex. Other than her bulging eyes and shaky breathing, Mary was frozen. She could only stare as Bethany smiled back at her with a wickedly-sweet grin. Her finger touched the top of her pink slit and started moving it in small circles around her clit.

"Oh my God!" Mary whispered the words.

"I hate that you haven't ever had an orgasm, Mommy." Bethany sighed with pleasure as she applied another finger to the task. In a petite but silky voice, she asked, "Does it look good? Because it feels amazing!"

Mary could only nod. Her slight but honest affirmation spurred Bethany onward.

"When you masturbate, do you touch yourself like this?"

Possessed by a unique mixture of jealousy and desire, Mary watched as her daughter's fingers danced confidently across her pussy. Had she ever touched herself like that? Could she?

"I think so..." Mary said. "At least, I try to. You seem to be much more... comfortable than I am down there."

"Okay, Mom. How about this?" Bethany wondered if a logical approach might pay dividends. "You've never had an orgasm; I've had lots of them. We can totally solve this right now! Just take off your clothes and do what I'm doing!"

Having presented a winning argument, Bethany beamed at her Mommy with pride.

"I'd..." Mary stammered. "I'd just feel so foolish."

Bethany sat up quickly and moved forward until she was on her hands and knees. She crept forward, slowly inching closer to her mother until their faces were only inches apart. Bethany pursed her lips, which caused Mary to close her eyes. She was unable to resist her daughter but unwilling to make the first move.

"Please, Mommy."
Mary's right hand moved up to her daughter's neck, just below her ear. Her eyes opened, betraying her most innermost longing. Lust overcame the two. It was impossible to say who kissed who, only that their lips combined in the truest expression of passion. Mary moaned in surprise as her daughter's tongue flitted inside her mouth. The two of them moved back and forward, their arms reaching out blindly, unaware of any other sensation except their lips.

"Take off your clothes, Mom..."

Two pairs of hands worked together with the loose fitting garment, almost tearing through the fabric. Bethany found her mother's bra strap, her hands moving with a calm purpose as she worked to unclasp the hook. Mary found herself just as enthralled by being seen as she was enraptured by her daughter's embrace. For a moment, their arms became entangled. Mary's long blonde hair caught on the neckline of her blouse, and her large breasts heaved against the fabric.

Their two-person knot made them laugh. Her tension gone, she lowered her arms and allowed her daughter to undress her. Bethany made a deliberate show of flinging her mother's blouse across the room, as though never wanting to see it again. Though it was unhooked, Mary let her bra linger in place. She had one arm draped around her almost plainly visible bosom, concealing only most of her nipples.

"You're almost there!"

"I know, it's just..."

Bethany deftly moved one finger up to her mother's lips.

"Show me, Mommy. Please, it's all I've ever wanted."

Mary dropped her arm.

There, only inches from Bethany, were the largest breasts she had ever seen. Bigger than of any of the girl's she had ever longed to touch after seeing them undress in the locker room or at the pool. The two magnificent orbs seemed alive, bouncing slightly as her mother breathed deeply with desire. Bethany couldn't believe her luck and she refused to blink, scared her mother might disappear or change her mind. She thought of how she'd once sucked on each tender and perfectly sized nipple and cursed herself for being a forgetful babe. Everything she knew, her entire sexual psyche, became consumed by this strange and somehow natural desire to return to that former state, to suck again with a newfound purpose.

"Wow! They're amazing! And even bigger than I imagined."

Mary blushed. "How often have you imagined them?"

Bethany gave a slight shrug. "I guess, ever since I wanted boobs, I wanted to grow up just like you."

"Well, gravity hasn't been kind..."

"Mom! Are you kidding? You like gorgeous! I'll bet they actually bounce when you move, I've always wanted that!"

"It kind of hurts..."

"It'd be worth the sight..."

"Maybe for you..."

"Maybe I'll make it worth it..."

"You already..."

Bethany moved quickly to close the small distance between them and pressed her chest against her mother's. Ever so slightly, she moved from side to side, feeling the embrace of her mom's large breasts. Surprised by her daughter's bold, playful sexual advance, Mary could only smile back at her daughter, now close enough that she could feel the warm air exiting her nose. Again, Bethany kissed her mother, not as a daughter, but as a lover. As their tongues danced, Mary could feel Bethany's nipples hardening. Then, her daughter's small hands reached up and cupped the underside of her breasts. Her finger spread over the firm flesh and began kneading, resulting in one of the most pleasurable feelings Mary had ever experienced.

They moved even closer together. Gone was any pretense of discomfort or hesitation; they'd traded in their typical mother daughter relationship for something far more erotic. Now, they knew each other more intimately than anyone could. Their lips and tongues remained intertwined and they sighed with pleasure into each other's mouths. Then, Mary reached out and ran both her fingers across Bethany's nipples. She traced the young girls areolas, then pinched her nipples. Emboldened and wanting more, Mary began pulling at them. The tugging made her daughter's nipple harden even more and she continued playing with them, feeling very much like a playful kitten with a ball of string.

"Oh God, Mom. I love your tits." Bethany's voice was raspy and Mary swooned at the sound.

Compelled by her lust, Bethany lowered her head to her mother's breasts and covered her right nipple with her tongue. She sucked, massaging the lightly shaded areolas with her lips, and savored the taste. Bethany bit down a little with her lips. Hearing her mother gasp with pleasure, she applied more force.

Mary could barely process her pleasure. Bethany pulled her mouth from her nipple and rose to look at her mother. Now, Mary took the lead and mashed her lips against her daughter's with reckless abandon. They embraced, and Mary began exploring her daughter's tender, virginal body with her hands. She wanted to attack her daughter's chest with her mouth and repay some of the pleasure she'd been given, but she made herself slow down.

"Mommy, may I?"

Mary laughed.

"Are you sure this isn't too much?"

"We aren't hurting anybody, right?"

"I suppose you're right."

Mary was so excited she could barely draw enough air into her lungs to keep from hyperventilating. She squirmed as Bethany moved down her body. They young girl's mouth paused on her stomach and she realized she was desperate for more.

Bethany carefully reached down and lifted up her mother's skirt. Underneath the cotton fabric, she saw that her mother hadn't bothered with panties. Bethany could just make out Mary's pussy, hidden underneath a soft patch of light pubic hair. She pulled the skirt up; her mother offered no resistance.

"Mom, I want you make you cum." The words were magic and Mary could only nod.

Bethany buried her head in her mother's lap and moved it from side to side to spread Mary's legs apart. Face first, she dove underneath the fabric, using her tongue to probe the warm flesh. Her efforts caused a tremendous tickle to run up the older woman's legs and Mary cooed. Bethany licked and lapped at every inch of her mother, unsure exactly what to do.

She moved her lips around with enthusiasm, doing her best to respond to the movements of her mother's body. She followed her instincts, applying pressure here, adjusting there - all in an effort to find the right spot. She felt the folds of her mother's pussy give way to her tongue and her reward was such a wonderful taste. She ran her tongue up and down the wet slit, until she found her mother's clit. She flicked her tongue like she would a finger, and the shaking spasm let her know she was doing exactly what she hoped to.

Her mother tasted amazingly. She worked her tongue greedily, trying to fit it completely inside her. Mary squirmed, her hips shaking. Bethany breathed in the aroma of her sex, her nose nestled above her mom's pubic hair as she performed a minor miracle of cunnalingus.

"Oh Christ, honey! it feels so good..."

She looked up at her Mom, feeling closer to her than ever. But Mary's eyes were closed as she revelled in ecstacy. Bethany continued, slowly, and moved her hand to the pussy she was eating. She worked her index finger inside her mother's vagina. She proceeded slowly, pushing deep inside until it was inserted past the knuckle. Bethany began moving her finger in and out, faster and faster as Mary's body welcomed her.

"Tell me Mommy!"

"Oh my god! It feels, it feels so good! Oh fuck, yes! Just like that!"

Bethany lifted her head up and watched as her mother convulsed. She was struck by how gorgeous she looked and had to tell her. "Mom, you're so beautiful!"

The compliment pulled Mary back to earth and she suddenly felt exposed. "Oh, Bethany. Baby. I'm sorry, we shouldn't be doing this."

Bethany shook her head. "No, I want this. I've always wanted it. Not just to be with a girl, and not just to be with a girl like you. I want to be with you, Mom. I want to be inside you."

She moved her finger faster, curling it inside her mother's dripping sex. She felt her mom's tight pussy relax to accommodate her. She dropped her head down again to taste Mary's pussy, her tongue darting purposefully. She could hardly hold her mother down as she bucked up with an otherworldly pleasure, her whole body shaking and rocking with the sensation. But Bethany kept going, continuing her pace as her Mom screamed. The sounds of her pleasure reverberated off the walls, creating an erotic, orgasmic cacophony.

Once the screaming stopped, Bethany moved up her mother's body. She reached out and pulled her Mary's head to her breasts in a reversal of roles.

"Oh god, it was so good!" Mary breathed into her daughter's chest.

"Was I really your first?"

Mary nodded, her chin brushing up against her daughter's nipples. She couldn't stop her body from shaking.

"I'm glad it was with me, Mom," Bethany said. "I know it's stupid and selfish, but I'm so happy it was me."

Chapter Ten: Caught with his Toy

From the balcony, Brian watched. He crouched, not really hidden, but it was enough to obscure him from the couple below him. He stared, transfixed, his body frozen in place. If he'd been in possession of any rational faculty, he would've realized that his mother and sister were unconcerned with being seen. He couldn't bring himself to masturbate; his mind was stupefied. He was in shock, too sexually stimulated by what happened below him.

And then came the crying.

Many women, especially those conditioned to view sexual pleasure as something inherently sinful, find themselves overwhelmed when they finally release their repressed desire. If she'd been able to think straight, Mary might have thought that, while she enjoyed every second of the experience, her senses were completely overloaded by a thousand competing thoughts.

"What have I done?" She wondered. "Will my relationship with my daughter ever be the same? Oh God, how long have I been missing out on this?"

Her mind quickly moved on. "Will she ever let me do this again?" And then the most pressing thought. "How can I live without this? Without her?"

In place of words, Mary wept loudly into her daughter's arms. Her face smothered was pressed into Bethany's small breasts in a reverse pastiche of a mother consoling her child. Bethany stroked her mom's hair and whispered to her words of comfort. Those words were inaudible to Brian, who simply skulked above, unsure what to think about this development.

With the scene turning from sensual to sweet, he realized that the risk/reward analysis had altered unfavorably. Though he wanted more than anything to find himself in the middle of his mother and sister as they cuddled each other naked in the parlor, Brian knew he needed an exit. Feeling more than a little guilty, he launched himself without thinking through the nearest door.

The room he found himself in was every bit as ornate and lavish at the main parlor. Brian stood on the second story, stopping to stand next to the railing. Rows and rows of shelves were filled to the brim with books. It would have matched any public library and dwarfed many of the more modest ones in his home state. Plastered across the walls, hanging from the rafters, displayed on pedestals, were statues and paintings depicting every sort of erotica known. Liam's was a library spilling over with sex.

There were classics: David bearing his pose, Venus hiding a single side of her breasts, and countless other images of classic art. Greco-Roman soldiers cast in bronze, their manhood displayed on bowls and pots. There were paintings by Georgia O'Keefe of blooming, vaginal flowers, blossoming with dozens of different colors. Men with unusually small or large penises, women of all races, sizes, and shapes. A strange lumpy rock, with drooping, oversized breasts and a massive waist. Even a painting of a Japanese girl with some sort of squid positioned between her legs.

He walked through the room, staring gape-jawed at the walls, ignoring the countless volumes of literature. The old: Twain, Dickens, Poe; the vulgar: Vonnegut, Bukowski, and Heinlein. Innumerable works of fiction and nonfiction, all ripe for the plucking. And yet, his eyes wandered across the paintings. He walked through the library for nearly an hour, gawking at art that depicted matters of sex unspoken of, even in his burgeoning imagination.

Then he came across a glass case, tucked away in the corner of the room, next to something called a vibrating chair. The decor seemed similar to an ad clamped on the back of a sci-fi magazine. Inside a rectangular glass case were dozens of different sex toys from forgotten eras. A few were even made from stone and metal. There was a long pole with a circle attached called a Vibra-touch. Even an inflatable woman, still in her box.

Towards the back of the box, tucked away as though it was nothing special, was an item that seemed almost designed for Brian. Nearly twice as long as any man, the double-ended dildo called out to him from inside the case. It didn't take long - Brian was already too worked up from what he'd witnessed to show restraint. He would have broken through the glass to grab the toy had the latch not been easily accessible.

Without giving his surroundings a second thought, he sat down in a stiff wooden chair. He found a slot, where he assumed money would have been placed, had been replaced with a simple push button. He pressed it and the chair shook loudly against the wall. It startled him out of his sexual hypnosis for a second. He didn't really understand the sensation, nor the purpose of it, but he rode it out. After a minute, the clunky seat stopped shaking. He looked around again, and after deciding no one had noticed, frantically stripped off his clothes. He positioned himself awkwardly, legs up, buttchecks spread, and rubbed the head of the toy against his desperate hole.

His body resisted. At first, Brian believe there was no way his tight little ass could stretch enough to fit the instrument inside. He tried again and again. The ring in his bottom slowly stretching more and more each time. He became frustrated with his lack of progress and almost gave up. But his commitment to sexual self-abuse propelled him forward. He decided, even if he couldn't penetrate himself with his glass cock, he was desperate to bear the pain.

Gritting his teeth, he shoved the toy against his asshole one more time, then let out a guttural scream as the head popped past his sphincter and into his body. He whimpered, trying to pull the thing out, only to find that was worse. Maybe he was punishing himself. Maybe there were latent masochist tendencies inside him that were finally making their way to the surface. Whatever it was, he knew he needed more.

Brian bit his lip, bracing himself for another sharp, shooting pain. Only this time, it hurt less. As he worked the dildo deeper, he found it felt better. Gripping the glass phallus in his hand, he bore down on his body. He wriggled and wormed his way around the chair, struggling to get comfortable. His dick hung limply down between his legs, almost unable to get hard. Still, he pushed more and more of the dildo into himself, his left hand holding onto a hilt about halfway into his sphincter.

Brian reached a limit inside of himself, a barrier where his toy could push no further. With one hand he started fucking himself, slowly working the toy around in his ass. He had never felt so full, so satisfied. Even though his dick wasn't responding, his prostate produced more pleasure than his penis ever could. Stroking himself almost came as an afterthought. At first, it was as if his hand was gripping a dangling rope. His head bouncing between his fingers, he only shook himself desperately. All at once, the blood began to flow and his cock stiffened in his hand. He closed his eyes and let out a loud moan as the familiar tickle of pleasure worked its way up his shaft.

His body seemed on the edge of an orgasm more powerful than anything he'd ever experienced. His eyes stop fluttering and squinted shut, lost in his own pleasure. All he could hear was the sound of skin on skin, and then...

"Would you like some help?"

His eyes shot open in a panic. There was his sister, standing nearly naked in front of him. She wore nothing more than a semi-see through red nightgown. He could make out the tiny curves of her breasts, though her vagina remained hidden.

Despite the offer, he froze, with the dildo in one hand and his cock in the other. It was as though he suspected his sister might possess the movement-based vision of some prehistoric predator and would simply move on to her next masturbating relative if he remained perfectly still.

"Do you like what you see?" Bethany asked, her hands moved to the strap of her nightgown, teasing him. "Or are you thinking about someone else?"

She couldn't help but play with him a little. Brian had always been the brainiac, the one working late into the night on papers destined for display on the refrigerator. Straight A's, numerous awards from track and field, award-winning submission printed in the student newspaper. The head of his class until he was forced to graduate early. And now, to catch him in such a compromising position, posed with a sex toy forced up into the most forbidden recess of his body, she couldn't help but have a little fun.

She knew it was selfish, but she didn't want to tell him that he looked good. His body didn't have an ounce of fat. All over, she could see lithe, powerful muscles rippling underneath his disciplined flesh. Bethany didn't know that he'd just watched her devor their mother, and Brian didn't have the presence of mind to leverage this knowledge. In the throes of the most exhilarating sexual experience in his life, Brian could barely make eye contact, he certainly couldn't ask to be used.

But somehow, Bethany knew.

She reached out with her hand, curling it around the furthest end of the toy as if gripping the tail of a snake. There was something more extreme about this than what she'd done with her mother, something more taboo about anal activity. Bethany didn't rush in; she waded slowly, and would have stopped had Brian been capable of any resistance.

He didn't ask her. He didn't even dare to whimper or let out any noise. He was afraid of making his sister stop. She gently moved the dildo further into his tight behind. But despite his effort to stifle it, he couldn't control a loud moan of pleasure.

"You like this, don't you?"

She didn't need to ask; he didn't need to nod. His eyes were wide, his lips pursed, his back slouching down in the chair so that he could leverage more of himself onto the dildo pushed into him. Further and further, she moved the toy inside of him, bringing it almost all the way out before slowly pushing it back in. She drew closer to him, becoming more confident in the action and moving faster. Then, she pulled too hard and his hole gave out a loud pop as the toy came out.

"Oh, fuck!" Brian said, the sensation equal parts pain and pleasure.

"You want it, huh?" Bethany said, inspecting the toy and finding it surprisingly clean.

Her brother nodded.

"You'll have to tell me," She said with a sadistic smirk. She couldn't believe how much she enjoyed this.

"Yes."

"Yes, what?" Bethany asked teasingly. With one hand, she gripped the base of the toy and softly slapped his ass it.

"I want it," Brian begged.

"Want what?"

"I want you to put the toy in me," Brian said.

"No. No, that's not really want you want," Bethany said, a devilish idea coming over her.

She couldn't help herself. It wasn't just about humiliating or emasculating him. The power, the control, Bethany found it all immensely arousing. The juxtaposition between her seemingly perfect brother's image and the whorish display he putting on made her weak at the knees.

"You want me to fuck you," She almost giggled as she said the words. "And before you get it, you're going to tell me. You're going to say, 'sissy I want you to fuck me.'"

Biran replied without a moment's hesitation.

"Sissy, I want you to fuck me!"

He pulled his legs back and showed her his slightly gaping asshole, opened by the penetration. She could see his balls and cock hanging limply, waiting for her. His eyes were closed, and she knew he was willing to do anything. Something about seeing him so submissive made her crazy with lust.

Bethany wished she'd mastered the use of a dildo on her own ass. She wasn't too worried; somehow, she knew she'd have plenty of opportunities for practice in the future.

She moved to reinsert the dildo into her brother's ass, but wound up running it into his taint. It took several tries and his tight little hole tried to fight its approach. Finally, it opened to allow his deepest desire. Moments later, it was deep inside him. He let out a cry as the glass cock split him in two.

"Oh my god, are you okay?"

Bethany's playful teasing ceased in light of real pain. But Brian nodded, even as tears welled up in his eyes. The same sensation felt a little rougher when performed by another. Not that it deterred him any. In less than a minute, his ass moved to the edge of the chair, almost riding his sister as she pistoned the dildo in faster and faster.

For some reason, perhaps a self-conscious reluctance, he couldn't bring himself masturbate in front of his sister. Not in the usual way. But neither could he deny his need for stimulation. What resulted was an imitation of self pleasure. His hand reached down to his slightly flaccid cock, rubbing it, pressing his growing hard on down in a futile attempt at fucking.

Moving forward to the edge of his seat, Brian half-stood as he rode the cock.. Bethany crouched down, squatting in order to better shove the toy up and down. Her right hand started to feel a little sore. She readjusted, positioning herself so that she could reach around his leg and hold the end of the dildo in her other hand.

Brian stood in front of her as she moved the toy back and forth. Her right hand gripped his buttock, feeling how soft, how tight, how firm he felt. He moved his hand away from his prick, letting it flop in front of her face. He gripped her hand tightly, trying to cause her to spread his ass further, allowing him to take just a little bit more of that 12 inch toy.

That was all the encouragement Bethany needed.

His dick wasn't huge, nor was it small. Not that Bethany had much to compare it to. Though she was curious, it helped that she was taking a more aggressive role in the action. Hanging down, it seemed like his cock had its own personality, a drooping, sorrowful shaft that hung a little lower than the balls. His head stood out to her, pink and a little larger than the rest of the fleshy thing with traces of pubic hair around the base.

She didn't need to ask. She just moved her lips closer as she pushed the toy further up his ass. Tentatively, she opened her mouth and kissed the head of penis. He let out a moan of approval. Hearing his pleasure, she opened her mouth and sucked in his cock. She was unsure of exactly what to do, only that she was receiving the right reaction. As if she needed a second opinion from the sharp gasp that emitted from Brian, his cock swelled with the attention, growing in her mouth.

She gobbled the rest of it up, her nose reaching his pubic hair in one swallow. Then he grew in her mouth, stiffening until the length slowly pushed her head back. Suddenly, he was too much to take all at once and she let out a large cough, nearly choking on the first cock she'd ever put in her mouth.

She collected herself then placed her free hand on his shaft, fascinated by how the skin moved up and down as she played with it. Bethany placed his dick back into her mouth, this time doing little more than swirling her tongue around the head. Then she pulled back, looking up at Brian.

"God, I'm sucking my own brother!"

She started sucking again.

"I'm being fucked by my sister. I'm sissy's little fag!"

"I like hearing that," She said, pausing from her duties. "Tell me again."

"I'm my sister's faggot."

She moved her mouth up and down the side of his cock, soaking it in her salvia before answering.

"I love what a faggot you are."

He let out a loud moan as she pushed the dildo further inside of him. Now, she could barely wrap her fist around the part still outside of his body.

"Do you want to see my tits?" She asked, looking up at him.

"Yes!" He said.

"You aren't a total faggot, then."

With her free hand, she pulled the cups of the gown aside so that her breasts were pushed up by the fabric. Her nipples were hard and dark against the flesh of her tiny bosom. Satisfied by his lustful gaze, she went back to sucking. Even as she gagged, she tried her best to put it all down her throat. Though she couldn't take more than four or five of his inches, she kept sucking, moving faster and faster, working the toy deeper and deeper. He moved in conjunction with her motions, pushing his body back as she fucked him from both sides, letting him use her mouth.

He wasn't going to last long. He felt the cum building in his balls, working his way down his shaft. Yet he didn't know how to communicate what was happening. He looked down and saw his sister's wide eyes and mouth as she stuffed him inside her lips, showing no signs of stopping. Selfishly, he wanted to cum inside of her. He wanted her to taste him, even if she didn't know what was going to happen.

On the other side of his head, Bethany hadn't given a though to the final result of her brother's blowjob. After having caused her mother to cum less than an hour or so before, she had reached a point of sexual arousal where anything seemed appealing.

He wasn't sure if she was sucking him or if he was fucking her face. Then the moment overwhelmed him. His ass spasmed and clenched repeatedly on the toy, squeezing out every drop of pleasure for his penis on the other end of his body. He contracted, his cum shooting out of his cockhead and into his sister's mouth. His whole body shook as his prostate radiated pleasure/

Bethany was startled by the first stream. Her hand stopped fucking Brian's ass as she reacted. She could barely taste the salty spray as it slammed against the back of her throat. But as he continued, she couldn't hold on. Try though she might to suck out every drop, it became too much. His cock bounced out her mouth, shooting the last of his load onto her forehead and the side of one cheek. Saliva and semen fell effortlessly from her mouth and dripped down her lips and onto her chin.

She let go of the dildo and reached her hand up to touch her chin. She dipped her finger into the goo he'd shot all over her. Despite her best effort to swallow it all, a good portion dripped down onto her tits. She scooped some up, inspecting it first, then slurping it down, one digit at a time. She was surprised at how good it tasted - salty and sweet without being overpowering.

She licked her lips, knowing there was more of her brother's seed spread all over her face, neck, and even a few droplets that had made it down to her tits. Bethany looked down at his deflating cock, its head dribbling out a few last drops. She gave it one last kiss...

Then both of them jolted as, somewhere close by in the house, a door slammed shut. It was enough to wake them from their sexual hypnosis.

"Get dressed." Bethany said, finding Brian's jeans and throwing them at his feet.

In a swift motion, she pulled her top back into place. She noticed a wet spot on her nightie from his cum.

"Uh... Beth?" Brian said, awkwardly. He pointed at her face.

"Oh, right." Quickly, without taking the time to savor it, she did her best to scoop up the rest of his cum. She quickly licked her fingers clean as she moved toward the door.

"Wait a minute, then take the downstairs route to the outside," Bethany said. "Oh, and maybe grab a book, at least for show. There's a lot of good reads here."

She paused, then said,. "Try Time Enough for Love."




Chapter Eleven: Bethany's Turn

Bethany crept into the hallway, her hands periodically adjusting the thin straps on her nightie. She looked around nervously, fearful of being discovered. She could still taste her brother, which left her a little ruffled, a little uneasy, and very excited. Unlike the tryst with her Mom, there seemed something less innocent, less intimate about her interactions with her brother. With Bian, things had been raw, lascivious. Even so, those two interactions, first with her mother and then her brother, stirred up her sex drive to every depth of wanton lust.

Strangely, her puritanical upbringing made gravitating to the extremes of sexuality easier. Since everything was forbidden, any sense of scale evaporated. Bethany used to feel tremendous guilt after masturbating, so some part of her reasoned that hell made more sense with the handbasket. After all, incest seemed no more forbidden than her lesbian desires. As she tried to process the overwhelming occurrences she'd just enjoyed, her sense of self-recrimination fell to a whisper and was replaced with the brazenly unapologetic rhetoric of her late uncle.

There was one real element to her self-flagellation - the sneaking suspicion that her mother would not understand - or worse, might feel dejected by her experiment with Brian. So, as she tiptoed down the hallway to her bedroom, she worried more about what her mom might make of this new relationship than what would happen if her father discovered her face smeared with her brother's cum.

Only 'relationship' wasn't the right definition. Bethany had given Brian a blow job for the novelty of the act. Seeing her brother so submissive made her want to further explore her dominant instincts. It'd all been too much to resist. Despite the overwhelmingly perverted experience she'd had with Brian, she knew the spiritual connection she'd forged with her mother would remain strong.

She stripped off her clothes and stepped into the attached bathroom. She drew herself a bath and shaved her legs and her pussy, washing off the flakey bits of Brian's cum she'd missed earlier as she hastily beat her retreat. Though her body seemed exhausted from the past few days, her pussy ached for attention. Rather than touch herself and ease the longing, she reached for her uncle's writings, intent on finishing his essay, "The Taste of Taboo"

"We do not frighten - do not bleat for our shepherd like a frightened flock. Nor should we cast down our gaze from the gutter, wallowing in our own wickedness.

But some must want more than we need, more than our lot.

For we may even know better.

For we believe it would be worth it, even when we do not.

For there are wolves...

And the shepherd is safe.

But beyond his eye, mountains, streams, hills, and rivers lie.

Many pleasures and loves a polite populace may know well without daring to speak or name.

And we may think our bodies brave, our spirit defiant, our desires imprudent and inopportune only because a nameless, pitiless authority condemns us to dwell as derelicts of society. We might rip our clothes, cover our faces in ash, and walk the streets wailing at our subjugation by this lot. We might berate and belittle the simple for their sermons, thinking ourselves superior. 

Or we might count ourselves blessed.

For by tasting the taboo, our brief meal seems sweeter."

*****

Bethany read and re-read the last line. She felt a mixture of mirth and vexation and knew she needed more than a taste; her pussy clamored for a main course. As her bath drained, she wrapped herself in a towel and stepped from the porcelain tub. She stopped in front of the large mirror and regarded herself in the mirror. For the first time, she knew she was beautiful.

And equally frustrated.

She kicked herself for not fucking Sarah and the twins. The thought of asking either family member to reciprocate hadn't occurred to her until just now. Given her pent up sexual desires, it seemed natural she'd engaged with her mother and brother in sexual exploration. After all, under her bed were a collection of subversives books covetously culled from the library. The Tropic of Cancer, Stranger in a Strange Land, Women, and of course, Everything You Wanted to Know about Sex and were Afraid to Ask. She'd been following a recommended reading list left to her by Liam Bloom. In the library, next to the poster, had been a pen, where patrons had been encouraged to write their own suggestions on the wall next to her uncle's.

She opened the door to her room and was surprised to find her mother. Startled, she immediately lost her grip on the towel. It fell from her body to the ground, revealing her freshly cleaned and shaved body.

"I'd hoped for that reaction!" Mary beamed at her. She lay sprawled on the bed, wearing an oversized t-shirt that only just covered her vagina. Despite having tasted her mother only hours before, Bethany couldn't help but let her eyes linger up those long, tender legs. Bethany licked her lips longingly, unable to speak as someone else took the lead in their newfound lust.

"Oh God, have I gone too far?" Her mother asked, falling prey to her fears about predation.

The tremor in her voice was enough to shake Bethany out of her stunned stupor.

"Not far enough," Bethany said.

Mary reached out and turned off the lamp as her daughter bounded to join her in the bed. They both reached for the t-shirt together. They lifted it off her body and fell together. To their shared delight, their breasts pressed together in the dark.

"Oh God, I'm cold," Bethany said, shivering from the bath.

"Come here, baby. Let Mommy warm you up," Mary answered.

They pulled the covers up together, then held one another, their arms wrapped around the other's backside. Mary's hands reached down farther, her longer arms easily reaching down to her daughter's tight bubble butt. She gave it a squeeze then pulled them closer together. Bethany could feel her mother's pubic hair brush against her leg. Knowing they were both totally naked made her vagina ache with anticipation. She craned her head back as her mother began kissing her neck, working her way up to her mouth.

"I'm so sorry I left you earlier..."

"It's okay, Mom," Bethany said, breathily. "You're here now...."

"Let Mommy take care of you tonight..."

Mary's hand reached down between her daughter's legs and quickly found her sopping wet pussy. Mary moved her fingers around her baby girl's dripping sex. Bethany responding in kind, letting out soft mews of approval. Mary couldn't help herself. She began probing Bethany's delicate nether region, her motion hidden by the dark. The tip of her finger easily gained access to her daughter's pussy.

Bethany's hips thrust forward, meeting her mom halfway as she fingered her. The folds of her lips gave way readily, allowing open access as the older woman pushed forward inexpertly. And yet there was something natural about this embrace, as though it was perfectly normal for the smaller girl to submit so readily to the sexual advances of the other. The finger curled a little, and then straightened. Bethany breathed out, a loud gasp of unexpected pleasure.

There was something so much more sensual about even this small step towards further sexual interaction. With her own movements, she might anticipate every new sensation, bracing again brunt of the pleasure. Without advanced knowledge, every twist and turn hit her senses at once, it's suddenness satisfying her more completely than anything that came before this touch.

Her mother moved her lips to the nape of her neck, kissing tenderly, whispering sweet nothings that meant everything to her darling daughter. The middle finger joined the other. And Mary heard her daughter exhale in approval as her arms wrapped around her shoulders. Changing the course of nature, Mary craned her head down, her lips suckling at her baby's nipples. She tugged, kissed, and lightly nipped at every inch of her areolas, her left hand kneading over every sacred inch of flesh.

Bethany used every inch of leverage possible cuddled together in that bed to force those digits deeper and deeper, grasping at the small of Mary's back. Her mom reached for her tight buttocks, forcing her closer, her two fingers reaching further and further until a gasp became a bellow.

Bethany let out a loud cry as she came.

It wasn't the same startled and surprised reaction as her mother's earlier orgasm. Bethany knew exactly what her body would do. How it would shake, quiver, and melt. How it would tingle, tickle, and take every thought from her head, only to replace it with the paramont point of human existence. This was more intense, more meaningful; because that sense of satisfaction deserved to be shared with someone, not buried in internalized shame and self deprecation. Her reward came as the result of another's efforts, a source of pride destined to be shared.

Let the lonely demand this difference.

She could never again be the same. Never would Bethany be able to depend on only her hands, her mind, herself to please her own body. She now craved the intentions of another. The sharing of sensuality, the validation of being the object of another's affection.

"Oh yes, yes, do it for me baby," Her mother said.

She whiplashed back and forth, her eyes wide and fluttering. Her mother moved up her neck, kissing almost every inch of her as they experienced the other side of orgasmic bliss together. Mary met Bethany's lips, having to hold her neck in place for their tongues to intertwine. Slowly, she let her fingers slide out, moving her palms up to hold Bethany's face as she came back to reality.

Mary gave her one last kiss before moving down her body. Her mouth and hands focus on her breasts, giving her a brief break before her mouth found her still throbbing pussy. Her clit was almost too sensitive, but Bethany didn't dare move away. Long, lapping licks, inexperienced enthusiasm poured all over her vagina as Mary buried her head between her thighs.

The sensation shortly transitioned from being almost too much, to not quite enough. Mary moved her hands up, gripping her ass, pushing Beth forward, making the most of each moment as though she might never get a chance to taste a girl again. Mirroring these motions, Bethany locked her hands around her head, pushing Mary's face back into her desperate sex until another orgasm caused her to thrash out with such force that her mother might have suffocated between those lovely legs.

Sex gave way to something softer. Bethany lay in her mother's arm, her head resting on those much larger breasts as she did when younger. Only now there was something more between them, a romance that could not be called out that flourished forward in the dark. That they were mother and daughter served only to give this newfound interaction legs to stand on; already each had been filled with a passion that propelled a full speed run full into this new relationship.

"Do you mind if I spent the night?" Mary asked.

"Mom..." Bethany said, looking at the silhouette of her face in the night. "I think I'd mind if you didn't..."




Chapter Twelve: Out in the Open

The morning light crept into the lover's room without the regret that so often accompanies a forbidden first time. Bethany smiled at her mother, beaming in the glow of their newfound love. That the two would now spend together as many waking hours as possible seemed to go without saying. Still they both struggled to find their way out of bed. They spooned, switching positions as they had perhaps a dozen times during the night.

"So what should we do with our day?" Bethany finally asked.

"Oh God, do we really have to do anything?" Mary said. "You young hot ones, always needing to go, to see. What more could I want to see that what's right here?"

She playfully lifted up the covers, revealing her daughter's glorious, barely touched body.

"There's a whole island out there that woke up today wondering if they could share in your delicious body with me," Bethany said.

"Oh god, now I'm hungry," Mary changed the subject.

"So am I..." Bethany said, moving down to kiss between her mother's thighs. Mary stopped her a little short. Yes, she was insatiable. Yes, her flesh had awoken a new sense of desire, a new outlet for her repressed sexuality.

But a girl needed to eat. And it was hard to abandon all at once the trappings of motherhood.

"Eventually," Mary said, as her Bethany again dived down to suck on her nipples. "We will die of starvation..."

"We will make due," Bethany murmured between mouthfuls. "With milk and clams..."

Mary laughed.

"What does my darling want for breakfast?"

"You know what I want Mom..."

"Well..." Mary said smirking. "What else?"

"What if I say we can go..." Bethany said. "So long as we leave exactly the way we are..."

"You mean..."

Bethany nodded, before ripping the sheet off her mother.

"But... but..."

"That's what I want to see....

In the end, Mary agreed that she would wear at least a towel to the beach. Though Bethany wanted to immediately inform the rest of the family about the new dynamics of their relationship, Mary insisted on having her make sure the coast was clear before making breakfast in the kitchen.

Even there, Mary clad herself in a towel, tightly pressing her breasts to her body as she hurriedly fixed toast and scrambled eggs. Bethany seemed bemused by her mom's frantic behavior, sitting complete nude, the bottom of the stool the only thing hiding her body. The pair ate lunch in near silence - as the subject both needed to discussed and yet could not quite be broached out in the open.

From there, Beth led her mom to the beach down the same path she'd taken little more than a week before, watching with eager eyes as she finally removed the towel behind the safety of the treeline, baring her large bosom for the entire island to behold.

"Wow..." Mary said.

"Do you like it?" Bethany said, her eyes looking down at her mom's quarter sized nipples.

"I do... but..."

"But?"

"Are you sure it's okay?"

"Mom!" Bethany protested. "I've been out here before... besides, you met that one girl out here naked. You know, the one who said looks like me..."

"Yeah, but we, well we are..."

"So what?" Bethany said. "It's our fucking island!"

"Bethany!"

"It is!" She said. "Uncle Liam left us that big house. I think he had an idea of what we might use it for."

"Now Bethany, let's not get carried away."

"He was a horny old man Mom," Beth continued. "He could flower it up, but trust me, Liam always had just the one thing on his mind."

"I hope we didn't come out here just to talk about lecherous old men."

Bethany laughed.

"Just wait until you feel the waves on your nipples."

The two ran togethers towards the surf, bottoms and bosoms bouncing, hand in hand until the waves pushed them apart. Soon they were up to their necks in the water. The tops of Mary's breasts buoyed above the white crest of the water. Her daughter had been right; the feel of the ocean against her naked body was better than any suit. And she could never see herself going back. They took turns acting almost like children again, splashing each other, urging each other on until tired and exhausted. Then they laid belly first on the sand, turning only to tan their bare skin in sweltering sun.

"We really shouldn't stay out here too long," Mary said.

"I'm already crispy," Bethany said.

"Should we go home?"

"Fuck that place."

"Honey!"

"I'm sorry," Bethany said before her eyes narrowed. "I mean fuck the people in it. Fuck men, and let them hope they can find a way to fuck themselves half as good as we do. But I doubt it."

"Bethany!"

"Mom!"

"Can we just talk for a second?"

"Sure. What's the matter?"

"I know..." Mary started slowly. "I know our relationship has changed. But part, well maybe even most of me is going to always be your mother..."

Bethany grabbed her hand.

"I'm glad."

"No matter what happens, no matter how long this lasts, I need to still be your mother, well after you get tired of me and want someone younger/"

"Mom... I'm never going to get tired of you... you're perfect..."

Bethany went for a kiss, but Mary stopped her.

"I'm not, and I won't be," Mary said. "But I will always be your mother. And I will never get used to hear such vulgar language come out of such a beautiful mouth."

"Mom..."

"I mean it!"

"Not even if I'm talking about fucking you."

She emphasized the words.

"Maybe I could get used to that," Mary smiled/

"I hope so."
"Baby," Mary said. "Can we go in? I'm starting to fry."

"Come on Mom." Bethany said, her voice reverting to a child-like whine. "I don't really want to go home..."

"Well," Mary answered. "What if we didn't go home?"

*****

"I'm sure I have something you can wear," Riley said, even as she eyeballed the nude teenager standing in front of her. "We seem to be similar sizes."

"If it's all the same," Bethany said smiling. "I think I'd prefer au natural."

"Oh you'll like this one Aubrey!" Riley called into the kitchen. "She's a reader."

Mary had already introduced the lesbian couple who started her sexual awakening to her nude daughter, a conversation made easier as Riley had been hanging the laundry on her clothesline wearing nothing but a tiny white skirt. Standing nearly side by side, Riley was a little shorter, other than her long red hair, Mary noticed her nipples were larger, a little puffier, and slightly off-color next to her daughter's. Maybe it was experience following hard after expectation, but now that she could directly compare the two, the girls looked nothing alike.

Bethany's brunette hair stood out, as did her darker, smaller nipples, whereas Riley's light toned areolas faded natural into the color of her breasts. Maybe it was the light before, but Mary could definitely now make out the traces of freckles, scant and light. Both girls were beautiful, but each in their own way. And though Mary tried to not to let on, her gaze often reverted to her offspring. Looks that did not go unnoticed by her younger host.

"What kind of wine?" Aubrey called.

"What are we having?" Riley said.

"Uh... rolls... and um... cheese. So take your pick" Aubrey said. "We weren't expecting company..."

Mary was embarrassed.

"Oh please, I hope you didn't go through any trouble."
"You've already had my cooking," Aubrey said smiling. "So you must already know I don't go through too much trouble."

The lesbian couple laid out the small lunch, pouring wine for their guests and sitting before Aubrey spoke up again, directing her voice towards Riley.

"You know, we usually wear clothes at meals," Aubrey said. "It can be... distracting."

"I can put something on," Bethany said, a little startled. "It's your home. I'd hate to make you uncomfortable."

"She's just jealous I'm looking at you," Riley said. "And I'm going to continue to look at our guest honey, so long as she doesn't mind me objectifying her."

"I don't mind," Bethany said. "Actually I find it kind of strange so many women obsess about their appearance only to obsess about appearing as though they actually want attention. I'm naked! I want you to look! It's the whole point of being naked."

Riley beamed.

"I think we share a sentiment."

"It's a very permissive parenting style," Aubrey said, barely veiling her criticism.

Aubrey seemed peevishly destined to pick a fight. It is a unbecoming trait common in some who have experienced profound discrimination to anticipate aggression in others. For the former professor, losing so much, her former life, and livelihood made her overly cautious, much to her lover's chagrin. By pushing against others first, she seemed to ensure that those who did stay would stick. But this was more than that.

Since their shared sexual experience, Aubrey found herself at odds with every angle of the encounter. There was a sense of jealousy at not being the only object of Riley's interests. A feeling of inadequacy at having failing to attract much attention from the other woman. Not that Aubrey could articulate any of this, she was still processing her own emotions. Had she spoken her misgivings out loud, no doubt her lover or guest would have dispelled these demons. Instead, her own feelings were buried beneath expressions of apathetic intellectualism or cold, calculating, passive aggression.

It festered. So she lashed out, almost out of habit.

"Well Martin and I are at odds about it," Mary admitted. "But there doesn't seem any point in fighting her about it. Besides, we went out to the beach today - I get what the fuss is about."

Riley smiled.

"The ocean is beautiful."

But Aubrey wouldn't let it go.

"You don't worry about desensitizing, allowing your daughter to be oversexualized?" Aubrey said.

"You're being extremely rude," Riley snapped.

That the two could bicker and bargain about anything might have seemed strange had Martin and Mary not co-existed in a similar environment, alternating between hot and cold.

"I'm only asking. I mean, what if you want babies?' Aubrey looked at Bethany. "Are you really certain about raising them here?"

"She's years away from that decision," Riley answered.

"Still it something to ask a parent. How comfortable you are here with your family?"

"I guess," Mary said. "Well I know enough history to say our ideas of privacy are really a recent invention. Until a hundred years ago, most people would be living in the same one room hut, maybe even sleeping in the same family feather bed. I'm sure people in the past saw their parents having sex and emerged unscarred. Maybe shame is something passed on by parents uncomfortable with their own bodies."

"Hm," Riley said, thinking. "I've never thought of it that way. Though I've often told Aubrey, when we have kids, I want them to be brought up in a place like this. Where our relationship isn't judged or stigmatized."

"I mean, maybe if I had grown up here, walking around nude, sharing in the sun would have always seemed pretty normal," Bethany said. "Honestly even now it seems so natural."

"I must admit," Aubrey said slowly. "I like the idea of living in a society where we aren't always compared to something sick and perverted, like bestiality or incest."

Mary almost choked on her wine, trying to act as though her reaction something incidental. Next to her mom, Bethany bit her lip. Her eyes burning with white, incandescent rage she just barely controlled. Her voice nearly shaking as she spat out her next sentence.

"What's so sick about incest?"

"I'm sorry?" Aubrey said absently.

"I think you heard me," Bethany said cooly. "So I'd like to know if you can answer my question."

Mary looked down at her toes, trying not to give away anything other than her awkwardness at this confrontation. She didn't know where Bethany planned to go with this, and certainly wasn't ready to be outed, even to these friends.

"I don't really think you expect me to debate incest do you?"

"I would hope that as a professor, excuse me, a former professor..." She chose that shot deliberately, enjoying the look spreading across Aubrey's face. "You might be able to backup an argument with facts."

Aubrey seethed, angry at the incredulity of a guest uncouth enough to sit with her tits out and call her credentials to the carpet. Riley butted in, rescuing the situation from an all-out war.

"Doesn't she remind you of someone? A precocious know-it-all barging into your office full of opinions?"

"I don't know if you were as brash," Aubrey said.

"More so, I think," Riley answered. "Besides, how many times have you bemoaned the next generation. They never read, it's all MTV and fashion magazines. Here comes a live one and you are upset she's not reflecting back your own opinions?"

"Okay then," Aubrey said, relaxing into a smug, self-satisfied posture. "I'll bite. Let's start with the genetic abnormalities that comes from inbreeding."

Bethany smiled.

"I'm not sure that a lesbian should argue that the purpose of sex is producing offspring."

"You can't be serious!"

"I am. Most sexual encounters do not result in children. I don't think that children is the reason most anyone has sex, even those trying to make babies. Love, passion, fuck even boredom are all better reasons from fucking than thinking my sperm needs to go into your ovaries right now."

"You can't deny there is always the possibility of pregnancy. Even with modern birth control methods, there will always be a risk."

"I'll go further," Bethany said. "I'll argue for relatives trying to get pregnant. Are we to exclude matches on a biological basis? If so, where do we draw the line? Say I did sleep with my brother. What percent chance of abnormality is acceptable to you? Bearing in mind that of course you have no actual concern for this potential baby. For you, this argument is only proof that a particular relationship is scientifically icky."
"So you are casually dismissing the potential of a multitude of birth defects-"

"Such as what? Cleft palates? Slower learning? Why stop at incest then? Don't let anyone with Huntington's disease reproduce. Or dwarfism. If you are going argue eugenics, put the jackboots on everybody's junk. If you are slow, if you're infirm, if your genetics increase the likelihood of an undesirable child-"

"So I'm against a father and daughter fucking and you call me Adolf Hitler..."

"Right now, you are against even a mother and daughter being in love!"

The words slipped out. Mary let go a look, her heart fluttering at hearing that four letter word describe their relationship for the first time. Aubrey was too involved in the argument to noticed, but Riley caught the glance. Their eyes met.

Really? Riley mouthed.

Mary nodded.

"I'm fucking up any argument you attempt. Let's go with father and daughter. Let's say I'm 18 and want a relationship with my Dad. Why do you get to tell me who I can and can't sleep with? Because it makes you uncomfortable? Because it's unnatural? Isn't that the same argument Christians used to condemn you?"

Aubrey scoffed.

"It's not at all the same thing!"

"Of course it isn't. But being different doesn't make it wrong!"

"You're ignore the potential for rape, predation, and grooming..."

"Take that to its logical conclusion, and no one can have sex because some people are coerced."

Aubrey recognized she was losing the high ground and retreated to a sociological position.

"It's wrong because of the power difference between an adult and a child. There will always be an amount of pressure a parent can place on their offspring that denies consent. "

"How long are we going to cling to the notion that someone is a child even after they reach the age of adulthood?"

Aubrey continued her argument undeterred.

"Because they have been classically conditioned, there is always going to be a power imbalance. A parent will be able to put undue pressure upon them simply as a result of their upbring. They simply can't consent."

"So... I am unable to make a decision on who I sleep with as an autonomous individual because I am powerless? Exactly how does this "empower" me as a woman?"

"A child will often do anything to please their parent and can't - "

"Does that sound like any teenager you know?" Bethany teased. "Eager to please their parents? Power imbalances change over time. Relationships are subjective, elastic things that can't be generalized. We all know there are some girls out there who have Daddy wrapped around their little finger.

"You can't - look sex changes the nature of the relationship. Someone may have many lovers, they only get one father and mother. The sex will ruin the relationship..."

"Maybe..." Bethany said. "Or maybe it won't. "

She took a deep breath, trying to calm herself down.

"Look sex, relationships, it's all complicated," Bethany said. "And it's a shame that for fear of hurting us, our parents make us figure out so much on our own. It creates this distance between us as adults. Because there's something so essential we can't even discuss. I'm not arguing there aren't problems with inbreeding, consent, or a bunch of other shit. I'm certainly not suggesting that its for everybody. But maybe it can work out for some people. Maybe it's something worth talking about without stigmatizing people as being perverted or sick."

Riley seized her opportunity.

"We can at least agree on that - no Mary wait...."

But she had already made her way out the door, tears streaming down her face.




Chapter Thirteen: The Mutual Interest

Riley found Mary sitting on the lawn chair outside, her head cradled in her hands.

"You must think - that I'm, that I'm..." Mary started.

"Only I don't," Riley smiled. "Only not at all."

"I've ruined any chance she has of fitting in here, of starting over."

"I wouldn't say that," Riley said. "If anything you'll fit right. In an island of deviants, she might take the cake. She'll be so popular with Proctor. "

"Riley..." Mary said, her voice dropping needlessly to a whisper. "I had sex with my daughter."

"Mary..." Riley said, in a mocking whisper. "I know! It was super obvious. Aubrey's just a little dense. Plus she a master debater."

Riley made her hand into a fist to pantomime jerking off.

"I just let myself get carried away..."

"If my daughter looked like that, I'd get carried away too. Again, and again."

"Riley..."

"Mary, it's fine. It's more than fine. I mean, your kid made quite the point. She really bent Aubrey over the table."

"Really?" Mary sniffled.

"Aubrey even apologized. I've never seen that happen."

"So what now?"

"Well now," Riley said. "Uh... let's see how to ask this. Don't take this the wrong way, but you got to watch us."

"You really want to watch us?" Mary asked, perking up.

"Uh, no. We want to fuck you," Riley said. "But we will take watching, if that's all you are offering."

Mary smiled.

"Just, just give me a second to clean myself up."

*****

There was enough time for Mary to compose herself, for Aubrey to make a series of apologies. Compliments, a fawning sort of flattery egged the pair on, moving them into the bedroom. After a few minutes deliberation, there was no longer any doubt as to what would ultimately happen. Though initially intellectually opposed to the idea of such a union, Aubrey could not control her curiosity at witness such a taboo display.

The lady simply protested too much.

The foursome moved to the bedroom with an almost unworldly haste; Aubrey and Riley setting out a collection of sex toys for the couple's pursual. The lesbian couple seemed content to watch at first, standing back towards the doorway to the bedroom. The Bloom women looked awkwardly at each other, unable to get started in front of an audience. Bethany rocked back and forth on the balls of her feet, clutching her hands together behind her back, waiting for her mother to make the first move...

It was more than Riley could take.

"Well if you aren't going to get things started..."

She cut in between the two of them slowly, as though asking for a dance, providing ample time for either to protest. The red haired girl placed her hands around Bethany's waist, the tips of her fingers teasing the top of her ass. The younger girls moved closer together. Riley pulled her closer until those bare breasts pressed against her. Bethany reached up, cupping her jawline before delicately placing a kiss on her lips.

The room descended into a whirlwind of women, each reaching out to pay particular attention to the other. Hands moved silently around, tearing at each other's clothes, until everyone was unabashedly naked. Each pair of lovers began paying attention to each other, gently kissing and stroking each other in the middle of a four person pile-up on the bed.

Then, seamlessly everyone switched partners. Aubrey made out with Mary, Riley and Bethany explored each other, then they swapped again, and again, until all boundaries were lost in a universal union. Hands reached out, squeezing breasts, tweaking nipples, rubbing against bare bottoms and bodies as individual flesh was lost in the orgy of foreplay.

"Are you okay Mom?" Bethany asked, as the two broke off to embrace.

"Fantastic," She said. "I just hope you want me after..."

"Mom!" Bethany said. "I only want this with you."

"Oh my god that's so sweet," Riley said, turning her head as Aubrey sucked at one of her nipples. "That's exactly how I feel baby."

Aubrey made a moan of approval.

"Oh god, go lower baby..."
In an instant, Aubrey was between her lover's legs as she laid out on the bed. Riley's slender thighs curled up between her head as the older woman pushed her legs back. She let out a gasp of pleasure, and then somehow managed to speak.

"Bethany, is it okay if your Mom sits on my face?"

Bethany grinned.

"She better!"

Mary smiled, moving slowly on her knees to work her way in position. She lowered herself slowly, inch by inch coming closer to Riley's eager mouth. The girl could barely contain herself, letting her tongue poke out of her mouth.

"Oh please, closer. I've been waiting for so long."

Mary spread her legs a little wide, crouching down until Riley's mouth met her lips. She let out a startled cry almost as if surprised, then reached down to grab roughly at those large nipples on the tits beneath her.

"Does it feel good Mom?"

Mary could only nod.

Bethany crawled closer. Sensing her, Riley reached out a hand, moving it up her thighs until it brushed against the youngest girl's ass. Then Riley lost control, climaxing from the use at both ends. Still she kept her legs spread, her tongue lapping, both unable and unwilling to move from her position. Bethany kissed her mother, then moved down to suck on each her hardening nipples, her hands squeezing those beautiful D cups.

"Oh wow..." Aubrey said, looking up from her girlfriend's pussy. "She's is sucking on her mother's nipples. I don't know why that's so arousing..."

Bethany smiled back up at her, one hand still on her Mom's breasts.

"I knew I could bring you around."

"Does Mary taste good?" Aubrey asked.

Riley made a moan of assent.

"God, I can't believe how beautiful the two of you look," Aubrey said.

Instead of taking a break from Mary's pussy, Riley made her pelvis thrust up again, desperate for attention. Aubrey went back to licking her lover, her tongue darting up and down the other's pussy. Riley kept her lips kissing upward, eagerly drinking up the other's juices. Consumed with each end of oral sex, it took less than a minute before Riley came again, her whole body convulsing underneath Mary.

The older woman's knees almost gave out in the position, very nearly falling over herself as Riley's head moved roughly into her. They adjusted, Mary moving out from on top of the redhead, Riley taking a large gasp of air.

"Oh my god that was so fucking hot. I came so hard...."

"You did quite the job down there," Mary said, beaming.

"Hold on..." Riley said. "I want you to see something."

She dug out a container under the bed, opening the box to new looking sex toy.

"That might be a little advanced for them," Aubrey said.

"Shhh," Riley said. "Beth, have you ever been fucked by a girl before?"

"What do you mean fucked?" Bethany said.

"That's a no. You'll like this, Aubrey get her ready...."

"But..."

"Come on! I want to see your taste some cute little teenage snatch."

Aubrey shrugged. She adjusted Bethany, pushing her legs apart as she went expertly to her task. Bethany gripped her hands around the older woman's short blonde hair, unable to get enough of the action. She sat up, pulling on her hair until Aubrey said something. Then she sprawled onto her back, trying to relax and let the orgasm come to her.

Mary moved her pussy into her daughter's mouth, almost replicating the scene from before, only with her daughter at the bottom of the love pile. She barely adjusted the angle so that her butt was facing Aubrey, supporting herself with the headboard. Together the threesome banged against the frame, causing a loud thumping sound against the wall that rocked with the rhythm of their motions. Bethany came twice, one right after the other, her cries of pleasure muffled by her mother's dripping muff.

Her whole body went limp, quivering with pleasure. Despite her difficulties in reacting, Bethany kept her mouth open as Mary glided her pussy back and forth over her daughter's eager mouth. The sound of the excitement underneath her was enough to push Mary over the edge. Her hands squeezed the railings on the headboard until her knuckles went white, her ample ass jiggling back and forth as she grinded out her orgasm against her Bethany's eager tongue.

"Oh, god, baby that feels so good..."

"I hope you aren't done yet," Riley said, holding up her latest acquisition. "This just came in from the mainland."

In her hands was a double-ended strap-on. Unlike the one Mary saw previously, both ends of the purple phallic shaped shaft stuck out in a curved, flattened V shape. It was easy to see how the contraption worked, one woman would start by inserting her side, then strapping the velcro harness to her. Full and ready, she could then angle the other side to pleasure her lover.

"Riley and I got tired of arguing about who was fucking who," Aubrey said almost sheepishly.

"Come here Mary."

"Me?"

"Don't you want to be the first to fuck your baby girl?"

"God yes," Mary moaned, her hand dropping to her pussy.

As Riley moved closer with the toy, Aubrey worked as a fluffer. Her fingers moved softly in between Mary's legs, eliciting a soft moan of surprise. She gently moved her mouth over her pussy, fingering as her tongue lapped greedily at that clit, her other hand reaching up to grasp at those heavy breasts facing the ceiling.

"Is she ready?"

"I don't know that I am," Aubrey said, before diving back in. "But I guess I need to see this."

The two worked together to steady Mary, with Riley pushing her legs apart to fit the massive dildo. It entered easily, pushing through the folds of Mary's gender with only a little effort. She gave out a little shudder, thankful that she only needed to fit half of it inside of her. The two then worked together to fasten the harness in place.

"God, I feel so full..." Mary said, barely able to keep her balance as she moved over towards her loved one.

Bethany looked wide-eyed at the large toy brushing against her body, moving its way down towards her belly. They kissed, and then she fit her hand around it, helping to position it in the right spot. She spread her legs, eager to have Mom enter her. The head of the enormous fake cock pushed against her pussy, which refused to give, warding off this welcome intruder. Only then did Bethany balk a little about her body's needs.

"Mommy, please be gentle!"

Mary knew she should have stopped, at least to check in to make sure her movements were still okay. But lust had wrapped its way around her thoughts, propelling her body forward. Even as her daughter's delicate, petite little body tried to preserve the little left of her innocence, the toy inside of her worked its way pleasurably inside of Mary.

She remembered her own first time, the pain, and only the stirring in her own loins allowed her to levy this experience at her own baby. She felt her daughter's lips spread, barely accepting the first bulge of the head. Bethany let out a pitiful cry, biting her lip, trying to hide how much it hurt.

"Slow, slow, Mom, please go slow!"

She tried to slow down. But her own momentum overpowered her. In seconds their hips were rubbing back together. Mary held her daughter's teeny tits in both hands, using them for balance as she thrust back out. It was like being fucked herself by the perfect dick, only she got to control the speed to her own satisfaction.

"It's too much. It hurts Mommy, it hurts a lot!"

"I'm sorry love, it's going to hurt a little at first. It will get better, I promise."

"Does it feel good? Do I feel good Mom?"

"You feel so good baby."

"I'm trying to be a good girl! I'm trying so hard."

"Take a deep breath baby. You are doing so well."

They kissed. The pain was nearly gone. And Mary went back to working her toy inside of Bethany's virgin hole. As she moved, the resistance seemed to slow, until she started being able to glide almost all the way in and out with ease. Legs up in the air, suspended in missionary position, Mary fucked her. Bethany then felt hands all over her, the lesbian couple working their fingers around her body. Touching her tits, kissing her, playing with her clit, increasing her pleasure to a point where it became unbearably close to orgasmic.

"God, I'm so close!" Mary said.

"Come in me Mommy."

Bethany seized her moment, breaking free from the other's attention, her hands clasping around her mom's neck. She recognized instantly what her lover wanted. They switched a little, Mary adjusting her legs so that her baby could clasp around her neck, bouncing up at down on her cock. The two embraced, the larger bust heaving against her daughter's face. Bethany tried to kiss at each nipple as they jounced against her nose. The two locked their lips together until Mary started to shake, her body showing every sign of orgasmic bliss.

"That's it Mom. Cum in me! Tell me how good I feel."

But Mary couldn't respond. Her body gave out. They moved again, Mary lying her back so that Bethany ended up riding her like a cowgirl. Her hands seized the straps to pull herself closer and faster. She ricocheted up and down, the beginning pains all but forgotten as she gave herself over to being immaculately fucked. She rode her mother, her legs squeezing her pussy against hard and soft jelly-like toy, trying to force out a nonexistent seed.

Bethany reached down, her hands exploring the almost endless expanse of her mother's considerable chest. She kneaded the flesh, her fingers finding every space of breasts, tweaking each nipple. Following her example, Aubrey and Riley took Bethany's breasts into each eager mouth. Despite her enormous effort and energy, their size kept them almost stationary, allowing easy access for the lusty lesbian couple. It was almost too much. The pleasure overrode every nervous system in her body, sending signals to each extremity, letting nothing else take precedent. If it hadn't been for the two woman holding her up, Bethany might have vibrated herself off the bed, hoisted up by her own pelvic thrusting.

"More!" She cried out.

They switched positions. The dick pulled out with a quiet pop, letting Aubrey guide Beth onto her hand and knees. She reached out, lost to a carnal carving of every sort. Her hands almost clawed at the long, stiff nipples, her mouth finding Aubrey's neglected pussy as the mom placed her penis against her baby's hole. Mary started fucking her daughter in doggy style, and the girl begin devouring the older lesbian laying on the bed in front of her.

Her screams were muffled by the faint trace of pubic hair in her face. Mary anchored herself around Bethany's diminutive waist, holding her hips as she continued a relentlesss fuck on her baby's beautifully used hole.

"Oh fuck, oh fuck!" She spoke up from the other woman's snatch. "Oh fuck Mommy it feels so good!"

This new angle opened up Bethany to new extremes of excitement, diving fully into depths of her unexplored cavern. Her body convulsed again and again in ecstasy. She quickly lost track as each orgasm overflowed against the other, building her back up immediately. Her vagina ached from the excess, always seeming to be finished, only to suddenly explode again.

"Don't stop fucking me!" She roared, trying to use her hands on Aubrey's breasts to push herself back onto her mother's dildo.

Mary's face was a mess of sweat and exhaustion. Though the movement of the dildo inside of her was familiar, the position was not. She exerted so much effort with each thrust that her hips began to ache, sore from the pounding. Yet she was relentless in her pursuit. She banged her daughter slowly now, breathing heavily, taking her time. Aubrey's hands intertwined with Bethany's head, directing the younger girl to exactly the right angle, allowing her first orgasm underneath her. Aubrey jolted, letting out a loud moan that signaled the newcomer's success at eating her out.

A few more thrusts, and Mary was nearly spent.

"Can we change positions?" Mary panted.

"Sure Mom, let me take over."

The strap-on pulled free for a second, and now Bethany was on top, fucking her mother in missionary position. It didn't quite move with the same amount of ease. Still Mary was able to relax and enjoy the sensation of being used. Every breath became loud and ragged, her body responding to her daughter's movements. Bethany reached down to play with her mother's nipples. She arched her neck at an uncomfortable, nearly impossible angle, tilting to gnaw gently on those nipples. Bethany roughly clasped her teeth, biting at those tender breasts with just enough force to evoke a response.

This mix of pleasure and pain brought Mary to the brink again. She looked over, watching her lesbian friends again in their own world, their fingers inside of each other while kneeling on the bed. The scene was too much. Again she came, this time as her offspring's instigation.

"I want to try something." Riley said seductively. "Beth, how do you feel about your butt?"

"Um... I like it..." She managed.

"You don't mean?"

Before Aubrey could continue her protest, her lover was on her hands and knees. As Bethany fucked her mom position, Riley moved her head in between that beautiful bubble butt. She parted the girl's cheeks, her tongue working her way down the part in between Bethany's cleft and licking downwards. Bethany let out a moan, her body shivering with the sensation as Riley worked her tongue against her anal opening.

"Oh fuck!" Bethany said.

"What? What is happening?" Mary said, dazed and barely keeping up with the action.

"She's... she's..."

"What?"

"I'm licking her asshole," The spritely young lesbian said before returning to her work.

Every anal nerve responded to the tongue. The touch so foreign, so forbidden, so new, like a jolt up and down her body. Beth didn't know how to react. Her body oscillated between two equally intense experiences, craving each at the same time. Riley kept up the action, her tongue barely able to find the right spot as Bethany moved inside her mother. She ended up lapping a large arc around her puckering hole, not that the distinction matter much to the recipient.

Lost in wave of unimagined ecstasy, Bethany let loose a loud scream, every sense overwhelmed by the stimulation. She couldn't contain her delight, her voice shaking the rafters, alerting the neighbors, even signaling those orbiting in outer space. Amid two alternating forms of bliss, she shook, every nerve ending reacting at once. Finally, Bethany's eyes rolled back into her head, her hips tottering at the conclusion of her climax.

*****

It was some time before any of them regain their senses, sharing a few embraces before they brought themselves back to reality.

"God, I hope we weren't too imposing," Mary said.

"I'm kind of surprised we let ourselves go so far," Aubrey said, hugging the other woman. "But please, you're welcome into our bed anytime."

"Really?" Riley said.

"Really," Aubrey said. "I know I've been reluctant to really buy into the whole free love angle of the island."

"You don't say," Riley said, rolling her eyes.

"Enough of that." Bethany said. "Sorry Riley, I get the feeling we're about hear a life changing epiphany."

Aubrey shrugged.

"Fuck it, maybe..."

"Go on," Riley said.

"Here?" Aubrey said. "Right now?"

"It seems like they've trusted us with enough intimacy already."

"I guess I just got so paranoid, thinking that I had to be the only one you found attractive. As if you would be able to pluck out your eyes," Aubrey started. "I don't know, this may be stupid, it's not well thought out..."

"Please share," Mary said, clasping her hand. "Lord knows we didn't think this out."

"I thought to myself, I guess shortly after Beth made me cum," She gave a knowing smile at the youngest girl. "I thought wow, I really have everything. A beautiful lover, and another beautiful girl down in between my legs, and..."

"And?" Riley said.

"It sound so stupid out loud, but I guess I realized all that was stopping this was jealousy. The fear that I would lose you the second someone better, someone prettier came along. And I thought, well if we can both be with someone prettier-"
Riley cut her off with a kiss.

"Stop it, there is no one prettier."

"You stop it. There always is, at least eventually. But you know what I mean. If we can be content together, in love together, and enjoy others together, what's the big deal? What's the fucking problem? Only us. Only me. Why would you ever leave me if being with me doesn't mean the end of sexual adventure but the start?"

Riley clasped both of her lover's hands in front of her.

"I'm so glad to be starting again with you..."




Chapter Fourteen: Father Forces the Issue

The next day passed in a simmering pause. Certain lewd and pernicious thoughts continue to ferment in the minds of the Bloom men. Only while Mary and Bethany conspired and coupled, the boys withered in their boredom, their libidos neglected to the point of pent-up frustration. With no outlet for their sexual energy, degrading fantasies entertained their imaginings, with very little social interaction to stigmatized their realization. Shame requires society - and here neither seemed accessible.

For Brian, the idea of opening up and walking out the front door seemed as foreign and strange as stepping onto a spaceship; beyond the realm of what might be realized. That there was an inviting native population teeming with a voracious sensual energy seemed impossible. His own shy demeanor about sex seemed insurmounted. In contrast, his father viewed the natives with the same antipathy as a Spanish conquistadors. To him, they were simply the unwanted occupants of his island.

Brian's experience with his sister did alleviate his bashfulness about these desires. Though he kept the glass dildo in his room, he vowed never to speak to his sister about the incident. In pursuit of that goal, he avoided his entire family, hiding in his room to read and masturbate with his new toy.

Martin Bloom was similarly cloistered, though for different reasons. He couldn't quite understand the recent rift keeping Mary away; obstinately refusing to apologize or adapt in any way to the island. An irresolute attitude had begun seeping into his mind, the idea that he was already well on the path to losing his family, and something had to change.

Alone in the largest and most exorbitant of rooms, sexually violent thoughts played on a loop in his head. Cultural shock, years of sexual repression and guilt, mixed with the insidious knowledge that he alone bore responsibility for his predicament constantly required substitution with a growing, quiet rage. He avoided turning his anger on himself, believing his meekness allowed this salaciousness to spread. He became obsessed with this idea, considering every avenue to stomp out his family's blossoming sexuality at the source.

It wasn't a conscious decision. It wasn't even intentional in its beginnings. These thoughts occurred so similarly to the incident with Heather that the pattern only became obvious afterwards. He thought so much of disciplining his daughter that the action ultimately became almost involuntary. The image of daughter standing naked in front of him required him to replace wanting her with wanting to bend her over his knee. He imagined her, weeping, wailing, begging for his forgiveness, enough so that he begin subtly entertaining the idea of Bethany as a sexual being.

Closing his eyes, he could see her naked body as if tattooed onto his eyelids. Those perky, budding breasts, that taunt teenage body, her incipient sexuality showing in the carefully crafted bald space above that innocent vagina. Her ass, pert, full, giving that full shimmy as she walked....

Martin couldn't confront these feelings.

So his cock stayed in a stay of permanent arousal, untouched and unmilked in weeks. His mind seasoned with every sort of forbidden sexual idea.

Then he saw her.

Then he snapped.

He didn't know where Mary was - they weren't really on speaking terms. Not that any of this was premeditated. He simply walked downstairs and found his daughter, bent over the refrigerator as if deliberately provoking him. Her hair was done down in a simple ponytail. He traced his vision down her neck and back, knowing she was wearing nothing to cover those breasts. She took her time, looking up and down through everything, wiggling back at forth, shaking her scantily clad ass as she did.

Those shorts, leftovers from volleyball, were almost transparently black.

He started to walk away.

But Martin couldn't help himself.

Did the id decide then?

Or after she spoke?

He loudly cleared his throat.

Bethany jumped, almost banging her head on the top of the fridge. She turned around, startled, her tits wiggled just enough to attract his attention.

Her voice spat venom.

"Jesus Christ!" She said. "You scared the shit out of me."

"Language young lady," He said, stepping a little closer, unable to avert his eyes from her body.

"Oh, okay yeah, that's really rich from you," Her eyes went around in her head, rolling almost a full circle before she grabbed an orange from the crisper.

Again he saw that ass wiggle between those tight, nearly see-through shorts that always hugged the part in her buttocks so tightly.

He knew what he wanted to do it.

"Your mother talked to you about wearing clothes in the house."

That same contemptuous look. Worse than rebellion, an expression that showed more boredom than defiance. She spoke again, adding a little snark into her voice.

"I'm sure I've have changed her mind," Beth said dismissively.

"Put on some clothes." His voice dropped.

"Whatever."

She made as if to simply walk past.

He grabbed the hook of her arm.

"Let go!"

He tightened his grip, losing his hold on her elbow and grasping her wrist. She moved her hand towards him, striking him across the face. Then he was ready. He caught her on the second attempt, placing those thrashing hands in front of her body, holding them together like handcuffs as she struggled in vain against his larger body.

"Let me go!"

She kept trying.

"I'm serious, you fucking -"

"ENOUGH!"

He yelled.

He grabbed her by the root of her ponytail, slamming her down against the countertop with enough force to daze her. He held the side of her face down, her legs kicking absently back, her arms reaching out at nothing. Bent over like he had imagined so many times.

It happened so easily, so fast...

He forced halfway down the elastic band on her shorts, finding her wearing a thong underneath. The sight of such lewd, ill-covering underwear only further inspired his rage. His hand arched back, giving his daughter even time to recognize the motion from nearly a decade ago.

"No!"

SMACK!

She let out a loud wail, largely at being spanked like a little girl. He reached for her clothing, pulling down what passed as panties all the way down. The next few strikes came inexpertly, his hands working against her futile attempt to block him from behind. She tried to pull up her shorts, ashamed of being bent over with her panties and shorts down around her ankles.

Martin took the opportunity to hit her harder.

SMACK!

SMACK!

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

Her whole body trashed and jerked with each violent wallop. She tried frantically to escape. But without a plan, without the strength to do anything, she could only whimper and cry out as he brought his hand down again and again. She forgot about trying to pull her panties up, giving Martin a full view of his daughter's reddening ass. He saw straight down the spread in Bethany's butt cheeks, all the way to her hairless vagina, poking through in between her legs

She still tried to worm away, her hands finding purchase at the edge of the counter as she tried to propel herself forward. Martin yanked hair on her hair, and in a moment of white hot anger, brought his hand down lower, right where her pussy started.

She screamed.

He slapped her pussy again.

"Please no, no no Daddy..."

That sounded so good.

That pitiful attempt to please him by reverting to a childlike state. Her voice cracked, filled with tears as she begged. He struck her again between the legs, a little lighter than he would have on her butt, but enough to keep her crying.

"Stop, stop Daddy, please!" She said.

"Will you behave?"

"Yes!"

"Will you be a good girl?"
"Yes sir, I'll be a good girl!"
"Take your punishment then," He said. "If you want it on your bottom instead, I want to hear you count. Like you used to. After every spank, I want you to tell me why you are sorry."

"Yes sir," She said slowly, almost growling.

Smack!

"One!" She said. "I'm sorry for being rude."

Smack!

"Two!" She said. "I'm sorry for swearing."

Smack!

"Three! I'm sorry for being sexy."

Smack! Smack!

She let out a scream. All around her ass and thighs were bright red handprints from her punishment. Out of pride, Bethany had tried to hide how much it hurt. Now there was no denying it.

"I'm sorry! I'm sorry Daddy!" She said. "I'm sorry for showing my tits, my ass..."

SMACK!

"I'm sorry for showing my pussy Daddy!"

SMACK!

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry, stop Daddy please..."

She only had one thing left to say.

She broke completely, tears running down her face. Her whole body convulsing with every whimper from her frail and sore bottom. Physically, her body was almost broken, taken past the point where any machochist would have offered up a safe word.

Yet she held onto one secret. One thing she now thought her father knew. As the attack became more brutal, Bethany believed it might be the real reason for this attack. And with every successive strike across her sore backside, she became more convinced of his intention to coerce a confession.

Only her father knew nothing except his own lust. In such a powerful motion, he had exercised every demon, removing his impotence as a parent and a lover. His hard-on came both from the erotic nature of this aptly intended punishment and the expression of a long neglected side of his sexuality. He saw his daughter's bright red ass, heard her screams, her cries, her pleading, and fed it to a ravenous, starving sexual beast.

In another mood, Martin might have seen his handiwork at a step too far, even considering her behavior. But in the moment...

In the moment every submissive statement only made him more convinced that a heavier hand was needed in controlling his family.

In the moment, he continued on the path to perdition. His pent-up rage and the dutiful reaction of his daughter convincing him to continue the course.

In the moment, his cock nearly burst out of his pants

He arched back for one last spank...

"I'm sorry Daddy no..."

SMACK!

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry I... I...

Then it became too much. Not the strike, but the burning, the anticipation of another.

"I fucked Mommy!"

She blurted it out through uncontrolled sobs. Begging, pleading, trying to do everything, anything to get away from the immense sexual pain.

He stopped short, unable to comprehend what she said.

"You what?"

"I'm sorry Daddy!"

"You're a fucking liar," He insisted, rearing back his hand.

"No Daddy, no please... I'm sorry!"

SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! SMACK!

These alternated between her pussy and ass, as her whole body crumpled. She was a weeping, broken mess. Unable to fight, her ass now shone dark red with marks that would later cause her to remember when she sat down. And still she kept screaming out as he spanked her, convinced that these confessions would finally make him stop.

"I'm sorry I fucked Mommy!"

"I'm sorry I sucked off Brian!"

"I'm sorry I let a lesbian lick my ass!"

"I'm sorry I'm such a slut Daddy!"

He didn't know what to think, what to believe. All he knew was that something more needed to be done.

"Enough!" He said, panting, his arm aching from the effort.

"Thank you, thank you Daddy! It hurts, god it hurts so bad!"

A pause. Over her sobs, she couldn't hear him adjusting. She just felt him moving from behind and then...

"Oh My God! What are you doing?!"

Only to her horror, she already knew.

The head of his cock entered her almost at once, his girth nearly splitting her apart. She squirmed, trying to shake herself free. But he held her tightly around her waist, her panties still pulled down around her ankles. He was rough, burying his dick inside her immediately, giving her no opportunity to adjust as his thick nine inches pushed their way past. Her body, bruised and broken, barely resisted. He impaled himself inside his baby girl in one long stroke, ignoring her loud scream.

He seemed so much bigger than the dildo, wider, different in the way he moved around inside of her. He stayed there, allowing her to adjust, enjoying the new, exotic sensation of sex with teenage pussy. She was so tight, her hole barely able to accommodate his massive member. Every inch of him seemed massaged. Every centimeter in her canal seemed to clamp down on him.

The pause allowed a second to consider the consequences, the lines crossed, each knowing there would be no going back. They both seemed frozen, Bethany unable to move, her brain processing this violation. Everything about her sexuality wanted this, in spite of the situation. And seeing his daughter in this submissive state, completely his again, Martin's anger cooled, feeling love for Bethany for the first time in a long while.

Then she broke the trance.

"Just stop Daddy. We don't have to tell anyone."

"It's too late for that."

The rage returned, racing through his mind. His failure as a father, her disodience as a daughter. How she had turned him into a foolish, oblivious cuckold right under his roof. How she had corrupted his son, turning him into her sex toy. How she had thrown away every virtue...

He started to pull out, only to throw himself back into her pussy. Bethany let a loud whine, a whimper of submission. It spoke to him, causing almost as much pleasure as her tight, nearly virginal vagina. He slammed back and forth into her snatch, holding her butt, rubbing the raw skin as he moved inside of her. Her screams, her wild, angry, useless yelps drove him further, faster, harder.

"Please stop, please..."

"I'm already fucking you," He said coldly. "No matter when I stop, we've had sex. I've fucked my daughter."

Bethany let out a deep, sensual moan in spite of herself. Something about that sentiment turned her on so much, and she couldn't help but relish in her own ravishing.

"You asked for this," Martin drove the point home. "You wanted the whole family to watch. You wanted all of us to use you!"

Almost immediately, Martin had to stop himself from cumming, working to squeeze shut the head of his enlarged cock as he pounded into her.

"Say it, say I'm sorry for making Daddy fuck me!"

"No... no... no..."

"Say it!"

He pounded hard into her, his hands gripping her shoulders tightly.

"I'm sorry for making Daddy fuck me!"

Then it really dawned on her. She started to sob again, only no tears could roll down her cheeks. This was it, the way she would always remember losing her virginity. Beaten, bruised, and then fucked like a worthless piece of trailer trash. And worse, as she screamed out words, Bethany knew there was some truth in her statement.

She liked this.

Her whole body shook at her own powerlessness, unable to do anything as her pussy stopped burning, stopped fighting, and started fucking back, her legs pushing back into his ever so slightly.

It was subtle. Involuntary, yet inexcusable, a nearly imperceptible reaction to a new reality. Her image of her father snapped. In spite of this ravenous rape, gone was the insubordinate, infantile view of her Dad as a bookish dork or an foul-mouthed hypocrite. His arms bulged as they held her in place. His power realized in a pure, brutish sense. Gone was any memory of the way she used to run roughshod over him. The idea now unthinkable as he took her from behind, owning every inch of her body.

It was perverse. The type of twisted, perverted fantasy that exists in the mind of every predator. Yet her body betrayed itself to this sexual stereotype. Unable to fight anymore, once she gave in, her clitoris began aching for more. Every stroke became easier as Bethany's body betrayed her. Her juices mixed with her the pre-cum from the top of her father's cock.

She wanted him...

And she hated that.

She hated him for making her ever feel shame about her own body. She hated him for ruining everything good about their old life. She hated him for repressing and stunting her mother's sexuality. She hated him for fucking her.

And most of all, she hated him for making her want him.

It was nothing like her mother. Nothing like a woman, the inherent intimacy, the loving lust that made every touch tender, every embrace passionate. Here was rugged, animalistic, rutting. Behind her, a man worked his way towards his own satisfaction. She wasn't being made love to. They weren't have intercourse or sex.

Her father was fucking her.

He began to moan himself, his cock pulsing inside of her. He tried to force back the cum, wanting to savor every second of forbidden sex with his daughter. He paused, trying to hold it back. Then he heard those cries and whimpers clamber into high pitched breaths and desperate whines for more. She started bucking back against him, pushing up against the table, forcing herself back against him. At first he thought it was to make him finish, to rob him of really enjoying her.

Then her whole body spasmed. Bethany writhed and let out an orgasmic scream of gratification. That she could revel so much in her own rape puzzled him. He had never even known such a reaction in Mary. Yet this display, this incredible showing of bliss stirred something inside of him. In her indulgence, he recognized sex as something that did not need to be taken from one person to please another. If anything, as she came she seemed to enjoy herself more than any sex he'd ever had.

"You like this don't you?" He asked, genuinely. "You like being the family's slut?"

"Oh God," She purred. "God yes Daddy, I'm a slut. I'm the family's slut."

"You want it?"

He pulled on her ponytail again, only this time she adjusted, working her ass closer to him.

"Yes Daddy, use me!"

"You love it don't you? You just love being fucked by anyone!"

"Yes Daddy, fuck me!"

"It's what you're for. You're for fucking, aren't you baby girl?"

She let out another moan as he ploughed into her. Her pussy lips closed around his cock, trying to milk him dry as he pounded into her body. It was all he could take. Try as he might to keep going, her sultry, baby voiced assent made his balls swell up like balloons ready to burst. He let out another moan, almost ready for release.

"Say it! tell Daddy what you're for!"

"I'm for fucking Daddy!"

She could sense him starting to twitch, a reaction that brought her back to reality.

"No! No wait Daddy! Not inside of me, don't cum inside of me!"

But there was no stopping. The head of his cock erupted inside of her, spilling his seed, overflowing in her. He kept pumping shot after shot of semen inside of her without a second thought. He couldn't care at the moment, his mind was entirely focused on the task at hand. He filled his daughter with as much of himself as possible, who forget every concern in the pure bliss of taking a man's seed.

He pussy was completely stuffed, bursting with her Daddy's cream. She could feel it moving inside of her with those last few strokes, another orgasm building inside of her. Her abused hole moved her tantalizingly close to the edge, pushed to the cusp of another climax...

Then Martin softened, slowly pulling his penis out of his daughter. He left her there, sprawled out over the counter, desperately needing another release, unable to bring herself to beg.

She straightened herself up, cum dripping down her legs and into her panties. A flood of different emotions filled her mind just like the semen seeping out of her used pussy. Anger, hatred, a blind indignant and impotent rage infused with lust and longing, the desire to take that dick into her mouth, to suck him until hard and ride her father until he reciprocated with another orgasm.

Bethany marched awkwardly away, pulling at the sopping panties sticking to her thighs as she retreated to her room, unable to think anymore.






Chapter Fifteen: Where Mary was

"I'm happy to process this order," Aiko Proctor said beaming. "Actually a few of these things we have in stock. May I take it that this shipment indicates your satisfaction with our island?"

She sat across in a simple wooden chair. Mr. Proctor's office resembled many of the other prefabricated housing units in the village, only he had modified the living room to mirror any formal office. He sat behind his desk, cluttered with thousands of papers and a boxy computer. Even equipped with Windows 2.1x, the latest in the advancement of modern technology, he still worked feverishly with a fountain pen. As Mary looked through the various adult catalogues, he wrote up the orders with unparalleled professionalism.

That soft smile was his only reaction during the process of picking out a collection of vibrators, strap-ons, and other adult toys. Mary had come in at the suggestion of Riley, who assured her "Doctor" Proctor would help with satisfy all her needs. She had hoped to surprise Bethany, who she left sleeping, and flaunt her new sense of sexual adventure.

This proved harder than she thought. Mary had started unsure of herself, unable to form a complete thought.

Proctor had understood. He stated quite plainly that he processed hundreds of products from the mainland, many of a personal nature. He would find it "unconscionable to reveal any personal items retrieved with the assurance of privacy." With that Mary had spilled out her requests.

Though she withheld her reasons why.

And Proctor, though an explanation weighed on his mind, stopped himself from asking anything. He referred to objects as sexual as a butt plug by their product number, such as unit 8321, or unit 1302, a double sided strap on. His voice never broke, never betrayed any interest other than ensuring his client was completely satisfied.

"I think we are going to be very happy here," Mary said, timidly.

"I am pleased to hear it," Aiko said. "Your case file has presented a unique abnormality in our records."

"Wait, what?" Mary said, confused. "Case file? Abnormal? It sounds like we are all a part of some crazy science experiment."

Proctor laughed.

"Not quite, not quite. I feel I've given you the wrong impression. Please let me beg your forgiveness. I did not mean to offend."

"So what do you mean by records?"

Proctor opened his hands in a gesture of peace.

"Nothing sinister, I assure you," He said. "The same records relevant to any landlord, only ours are processed through the Institute, a formal organization. We have the essential master list, who lives where, who orders what, receipts and paystubs. Then we have our interviews."

"Interviews?"

"For those who choose Liam's Cove as a sanctuary, we often require responses to a series of interviews. We record this data in order to use this information to advance certain policies in a variety of countries, and to generate revenue for our research."

"So you make people like Riley and Aubrey tell their story, then you study it, or sell it?"

Proctor paused for a second, choosing his words carefully.

"I cannot comment on any of your friends, or their particular situations," He said softly. "But everyone here signs agreements pertinent to their situations. The information collected is used for a good cause, to further our work abroad..."

He stopped for a second.

"We simply cannot take everyone," Proctor said. "Liam stated from the outset that he would use any stories as he saw fit to as fodder for commercial writing. I share that sentiment, though my approach differs. I personally ensure the data collected is put forth only through outlets that ensure anonymity. Through their publication, my chief desire is to make the world a more receptive place."

He pulled off his glasses and rubbed his eyes.

"This requires sacrifice. To say I am perfect in what I reveal to the public is too far. But I am deliberate. I am an academic, recording for posterity the incredible work founded by your brother-in-law. I will assure you, I only want the world to change so that such an island is no longer necessary. I have given my life to it - many others here have done the same, at greater cost. Please do not think I do not acknowledge this sacrifice."

"I'm sorry," Mary said. "It just seemed like you want me to say something about..."

Proctor shrugged.

"You come in and ask for these objects," He said. "I will not directly question what you want with them, but do not think me a fool. I do not imagine Mr. Bloom needs a unit 1302. I have made my own connections and conclusions, ones which I will keep to myself until directed otherwise. I wish to know, certainly, but only when you wish to tell."

"I'm not there yet," Mary said slowly.

"I understand," Proctor said. "But know that there is no judgment here. At the institute we study all sexual behavior without judgment."

"All?" Mary said.

"We draw our inspiration from the scientist Alfred Kinsey," Proctor said. "So yes, all sexual encounters and relationships without moral judgment. For all I know, you could be using these items on your family, and I would respond clinically, asking questions and advancing your interests."

"Clinically?"

"It is my career," Proctor said. "But please, remember you cannot share anything I haven't heard before."

Mary gulped, believing her situation entirely different.

Aiko seemed to realized he had gone too far and pulled back from interrogating her.

"You are under no obligation to share," He said cheerfully. "I merely wished to express my personal relief that your family finding a home here. That said, your situation is an anomaly compared to the way in which we select most clients. I hope one day it will become possible for you to share some of your experiences for my academic records."

"One day I might," Mary said.

"Please take your time. There is no pressure. Oh and before I forget," Procter said. "We will have some foreign dignitaries visiting from Japan on June 1st. You may want to mark it on your calendar. I doubt they will bother you - it is a simple tour in the afternoon."




Chapter Sixteen: Mother and Son

She returned home to find Bethany's door locked, her lover unresponsive as she rapt quietly, trying not to attract any undue attention. Mary might have pounded louder; more than anything she wanted reassurances from her daughter. But she still needed to stifled this secret.

Her head was swimming, processing everything Proctor said. She had seriously considered speaking then, sharing their relationship with the island's purveyor if only to further clear her conscience. From the reaction of Riley and Aubrey, it struck her as likely that the doctor would be true to his word, asking questions for purely scholarly reasons. Additionally, there was the prospect of entering into the same arrangement as the other natives, leaving her husband before the blow-up at their inevitable discovery.

The idea of moving out in the village made its way in her mind. Sharing together a simple, prefabricated home. Hanging their laundry on the clothesline. Sleeping in the same bed every night...

And yet...

If the good doctor didn't approve, she didn't want to know.

Mary decided to go for a swim to clear her head. She stripped down to underwear, briefly considering skinny dipping, before deciding against such a display. She glided effortlessly through the water, taking lap after lap, hoping to wear off her pent-up sexual energy. More than anything, she wanted to feel Bethany's hand all over her body, caressing her in the bathtub. These images, playing over and over again only furthered her frustration.

She stepped out of the pool, noticing how the water made her engorged nipples stand out against the fabric. She covered herself in a towel, taking hurried steps, knocking again with no answer to Bethany's room. Desperate, and still soaking wet, Mary went into Brian's bedroom, finding the door open, the room completely empty. Carelessly, she closed the door, never thinking about the lock, not noticing as the latch refused to catch.

She made her way into the attached bathroom, turning on the shower, oblivious to her surroundings. Mary stripped down, throwing her wet panties and bra onto the floor in a pile. She tied back her long blonde hair, taking a look in the mirror before stepping into the shower.

Brian had been watching again. Shadowing her, enjoying each step as his mother's panties rode further up, showing more skin with each step. Initially Brian panicked as his mom entered his room, convinced she would find the dildo in the shower or the erotica barely hidden under his bed. He held his breath as he heard the shower start. Then every other thought dissipated next as he imagined his mother's exposed body.

He couldn't believe his luck. The adjoining door to the bathroom wasn't even closed! He moved closer on his knees, watching his mother stip nude in front of him. In his imagination, she was putting on show, slowly teasing him from every angle as she admired herself naked in the mirror. What he would have done to get even closer, to squeeze, to touch her.

Her breasts were only a few feet away. He imagined burying his face between her bosom, his mouth trying to latch onto those pink, oversized nipples. They were so much bigger than his sister's! They swayed as she moved, responding with every step. He saw her ass bowed out as she bent over, adjusting the nozzle to the right temperature. His gaze then fixated on her curly, kinky blonde pubic hair as she turned.

His hand moved down past his waist, pulling his cock free. He hardened immediately, his cock swelling up to six inches. That he already came today didn't matter. He watched as his Mom closed her eyes, the water running down her body, letting her hands pay special attention to her tits. She lifted up the undercarriage of her breasts, moaning as she letting the water rinse the tender area underneath.

His mother danced around the water like a nymph, rinsing off every inch of her body. Then his heart stopped as her hand reached for his toy. After his last fitful masturbation session, he'd cleaned and forgotten the dildo in his shower caddy. It was impossible for her not to notice as she reached for the soap.

Brian bit his lip, expecting a scream of outrage. In his mind, it was one thing for two women, even mother and sister, to experiment together. A man giving up his masculinity to adopt the position of the fairer sex was entirely different.

But rather than shock, his mother gave a soft smile, picking up the long glass shaft. As she soaped her body, rubbing every inch of herself, she gave the toy a thorough wash.

She knew it was wrong, dirty, an encroachment on her son's privacy. But after so many years of stifling her desires, Mary found the forbidden all the more alluring. Like Brian feared, there was no explanation for the toy other than the obvious. The one sex act she had left to try. Mary thought back to how Bethany had reacted to Riley's tongue in her ass, only to wonder what inspired Brian to start experimenting with anal. The thought of her son spreading his legs and taking that toy excited her, making her all the more eager to use it.

She started by washing all over, spending a little extra attention on her sex. Then the purpose of the shower was forgotten. The reality of holding the toy her son had so gleefully reamed himself with worked up her already steamy imagination. With her right hand, she started rubbing her clit. A more wicked idea drove her libido since seeing the toy. She reconsidered only for a second, knowing that she needed to try. She gripped the thing awkwardly around the middle, letting out a loud puff of air as the wide head stretched open her pussy.

She couldn't believe Brian had managed to fit this thing inside him. Though it was big; using her son's sex toy on her hole drove her crazy with new urges. She wondered if he would want her to fuck her with the strap-on she ordered from Proctor. She wondered if Brian wanted to have another man take him from behind - and if she could watch. She imagined him on his knees, sucking and slurping, or in doggy-style, taking it from either side.

As her imagination and newfound homosexual interest drove the dildo in deeper, Brian watched his mother fuck herself like a harlot in heat. He rubbed his cock in deliberate, controlled ways, careful not to bang himself against the door as he peeped. His mother moved to the shower nozzle, detaching the hose and moving it above her clit as her other hand worked the toy slowly. She let out another moan, her legs squirming, closing against the pressure.

It was too much for her to take. She came right there, her knees knocking together and almost causing her to collapse. It wasn't enough. Her sensensuality, unleashed after years of dormancy, awoke to find itself ravenous. Her clit was too sensitive for more of the shower head, so she placed it back on the hook, barely keeping her footing as her body continued to quake.

Mary worked the toy slower, unable to take more than half of the thing. Considering her son's sexual adventure, she decided on her own. She moved her fingers to her behind, working themselves down her crack. She faced the water, letting it rinse down the small of her back as she explored the cleft between her cheeks. Her tight little rosebud tingled, eagerly awaiting this new attention. With a fingertip she parted her virginal canal, creating a new sensation of pleasure and pain that almost made her stop.

And yet she wanted more.

She didn't even have a knuckle in and already it seemed almost too much. Mary relished the resistance. She liked being naughty, doing things no good girl would. She worked with both hands, gliding in and out, tamely double penetrating her body for the first time. Her breathing increased, her body shaking in a pre-orgasmic build up with Brian watching everything....

Until he burst through the door.

Several things happened at once. Brian kept edging himself, using the palm of hand on the head of his cock to stop every impending orgasm. Only as he watched his mother play with both ends of herself, he lost his balance. His pants, partially down around his knees, tangled him up. The door providing no balance as it simply went forward with his body, sprawling out on the floor.

Mary's attention switched so suddenly she couldn't even managed a scream. Her natural reaction was to hide. The toy clattered to the floor of the shower, falling out of her open sex. She grabbed at the shower curtain, before realizing that it was see-through. Behind the curtain, the mom used her hands to hide her pussy, her arms draping over her breasts.

"What... what are you doing?"

That was obvious. The top of Brian's ass, curvy, hairless, almost feminine, showed from where he was planted face first on the floor. He muttered something, pulling up his pants in a hurry. Not that this did anything to hide that bulging erection.

"You don't have to hide from your mother!"

"What?" Brian couldn't believe what he was hearing.

Mary gathered herself, composing herself the best she could. She almost forget the streams of water beating down on her body. She stopped hiding herself, pulling the shower curtain aside, putting her hands on her hips in a full frontal display. Brian nearly lost his mind, unsure of what he should be doing.

All these new experiences had been building for Mary and she found herself able to borrow a little from Bethany's confidence. Besides, it was obvious she was the object of her son's affection.

There was something empowering about knowing that.

"Show me what you were doing," She said.

"I... I wasn't..."

"Yes you were," She said. "It's okay honey. Let Mommy help..."

"Help?"

"Were you looking at your mother's breasts?"

Brian looked down, ashamed.

"It's okay to be curious," She said. "I'm curious."

"What... what..." He stammered.

He was like a man who won the lottery and kept checking the ticket.

"What are you curious about?" He finally said.

"I'm curious about my baby's cock," She said, smiling, her finger moving to her lip. "Can I see it?"

He pulled down his pants without a word, letting his dick flop out.

"Oh wow!" Mary said. "Now touch yourself, I want to see how big it gets."

He started masturbating again, slowing, moving the skin up and down his cock. She watched him grown, hardening almost instantly. She couldn't help but compare the only two penises she'd ever seen. There was something more appealing about him than his father. Brian was circumcised, the pink head of his cock standing out, though not oversized. It seemed almost to have a personality, a face unlike the somewhat monstrous, oversized thing between her husband's legs. Yes, he was smaller, but certainly almost as long as some of the strap-ons. A manageable length and girth, with balls that hung down further than his Daddy's.

"That's it hon, does it feel good?"

"Yes Mom."

"Do you want to come closer?" Mary said nervously.

Though it seemed obvious, she didn't want to push Brian too far too fast. But she remembered her first time with Bethany all too well. The suspense, the uncertainty, her need for someone to take the reins and reassure her. She didn't need to be told it was Brian's first time. His expression said it all. She was so turned on by this change in her normal roles, she found herself mimicking her daughter's natural eagerness toward sexual exploration.

"Do you want to touch your Mom's tits?"

He moved closer, taking each step, unable to say anything. Brian looked down at her nipples, large, puffy, reaching out a hand slowly, wondering when his mom was going to call him out for being a pervert. With a gentle, gingerly touch, he ran his finger tips over her boobs.
"Join me," Mary said, making her son break his stare with her breasts.

"In the shower?"

"Brian, baby," She said soothingly. "Tell Mommy what you want..."

Put on the spot, he couldn't answer. But he stepped into the shower, joining his mother as the lukewarm water rushed over his body. He moved his hands over her breasts, inexpertly squeezing and squishing her breasts together. He was rough, and the desperate way he mauled at her body turned Mary on even more.

"Go ahead, suck on them like you used to."

He craned his neck, taking her nipple into her mouth. Her boy sucked as he was told. Her nipples hardened in his mouth as he alternated between them. She directed him with her hand, motorboating him gently between those twin beauties, letting him indulge this forbidden fantasy. Brian could barely contain his longing. His cock rubbed all over his mother's body, up and down on her leg, her hips, trying to find purchase anywhere. He was so desperate to cum, so ready to lose that virginity.

She crouched down, letting him rub his cock against her tits. Mary pushed them together, letting him titty-fuck her in the running water. She smiled up at him, her eyes wide and eager. He moved his cock faster and faster against her. He was only inches away from her mouth, almost touching it as he flopped forward against her flesh

"Do you like this?"

"God yes!" He said.

"Can I suck your cock?" Mary said, then continuing before he could answer, her voice involuntarily letting loose a string of sexual requests.

"Please baby, let Mommy suck your dick! It's so hard and beautiful honey. I want to so bad! Can I taste it, even just the tip?"

"Go ahead Mom, suck me."

He said it like almost like a command, a little confidence seeping into his voice. She took her time on the head, lovingly licking his urethra. She pursued her lips around him, sucking softly on the head. She was new at this. It had been years since she'd serviced Martin such a way. The difference was profound. Her son's penis seemed to possess a personality, every twitch and touch unique. She tried carefully to take things slow and enjoy the moment. She took more and more until her nose was pressed up against his scant pubic hair. She gagged, pulling back. Then did it again.

And again.

She'd never been able to deep throat his Dad.

She took a deep breath, suppressing a cough. Sputtering, she went back to sucking him, bobbing up and down on his member, taking every inch she could to prove herself to her baby boy. He moaned, loving every second of it. Then Mary looked up at her son, his cock brushing against her face as she opened her mouth to talk.

"Is it your first time?" Mary said.

"No." Brian said guilty as his mother stroked him. "Bethany sucked me."

"Did she?" Mary said amused. "She never told me."

"I saw the two of you together," Brian said, gasping as she sucked him. "It was so fucking hot..."

"Maybe next time you can have a closer look," Mary said. "Did you and Beth have sex?"

"No..."

"Would you like me to be your first?"

"Oh god, please Mom!"

She stood up slowly, holding onto his firm, thin arms for balance. Mary turned around, plastering her hands palm up against the shower wall for balance, letting her ample ass protrude for his pleasure.

"I'm sure now I don't have to tell you," She said, glancing back over her shoulder. "But you can touch me whenever, wherever you want baby."

"What do you want me to do?" Brian asked timidly.

"Just fuck me!" She said, surprised at how loud she sounded.

He moved his hands slowly down her backside, tugging at a fistfull of cheek before moving his cock into position. Unsure of himself, he started slowly, the head of his hard dick nearly finding its way into her ass. It slid up, slippery in the water, gliding back and forth between the part of her butt. She smiled at him, finding his inexperience immensely arousing.

It brought her back to her first time with Martin...

Only now instead of sharing in the same ignorance, she could educate. She reached between her legs, gently grasping his thick tool, guiding her baby boy inside her open pussy without any resistance. His toy had stretched her open and Mary appreciated the smaller size. Unfortunately, she had grown accustomed to seeing sex only as the pounding his father gave, a brief shamefully one-sided act that only occurred out of a desperation.

This was nothing like that. Mary took every inch of her son eagerly and wanted more. She bore down on Brian with a new energy, thrusting back at him more than he pushed into her. She reached up, gripping the shower nozzle, placing it inches away from her demanding clit as she fucked.

Her pussy overwhelmed with stimulation from both sides, Mary lost herself in the ecstasy of immediacy. She forgot herself completely. Her mind ignoring the awkwardness of the second man inside her pussy originating from it. Every thought, every care lost in her lusty obsession. Mary determined to milk her son dry, the sounds of her thighs bouncing back against him echoing off the shower walls. She found herself doing it all, demanding her son validate her desire by mimicking the dirty talk practiced with her daughter.

"Oh God you feel so good baby. Do I feel good?"

"Yes..." Brian's eyes had almost rolled back into his head.

"Fuck me honey, fuck Mommy harder!"

He tried. The fear of losing his balance became the only thing that prevented him from unloading in his mother immediately. Her pussy clamped down around cock, it's pressure mixed with that wet warmth making him forget ever enjoying his hand. He grabbed onto her waist passively, holding on for dear life as she pushed back against him, driving back against his boyish body.

Though he didn't know it, he felt her cum on his cock. She stopped her motion, trying to simply keep herself upright as she went through the throes of orgasmic bliss. Her whole body shook and spasmed. Brian slid out of her, holding her up.

"Whew..." She said, enjoying the first orgasm a man had ever given her. "That was intense! I can barely stand..."

"Well, I guess we can stop..." Brian said wistfully.

"Or we could move to the bed," Mary said, turning off the faucet.

They took turns drying each other off, paying particular attention to their favorite parts. Mary made a big show of fluffing her son's prick with the towel until it was completely dry. Brian instantly went for her breasts, quickly abandoning the towel to nuzzle them.

"Oh honey..." She said, holding her son's head against her as he sucked. "And you just got them dry!"

They both managed to a brief chuckle before moving to the bedroom, still shaking off the last drops of moisture. Mary almost threw her son onto the bed, letting him lay on his back as she rode up and down his cock. She traced her fingers all over his chest, forgetting herself for a second in a lesbian reflex and tweaking his nipples like a girl. Only he responded in the same way, moaning, lifting himself up for easier access. Mary smiled, twisting harder this time, feeling the response inside of her. Brian bucked up at her, moving his mom forward on top of him.

He reached up, holding her bouncing breasts firmly as she pushed him in and out of him.

"Fuck, fuck me, fuck me Brian," She said.

"Oh god, you feel so good Mom!"

"Tell me! Tell me how my pussy feels..."

"God you're so, you're so tight. It feels so good."

She purred as she cradled his head in her hands, moving him up to kiss her as they rocked into a sitting position. He adjusted, letting her wrap her legs around him as they moved their hips together. He could barely contain himself, the break in the action the only thing keeping him from unloading already. Their lips met, mother ravishing her son's virginal body in a complete abandonment of everything proper.

His moved his hands down her body, resting them on her ass, trying to push her closer to him. Already the two connected fully, Mary finding that her son fit almost perfectly inside of her, leaving no space between the two. His hand propelled her faster, almost if stroking himself through her as he forced their bodies together.

"Mom, I'm going to cum..." He said, panting.

"No! Not yet!"

She nearly screamed her disapproval.

"Take me from behind," She said, pulling herself off his cock. "Then you can cum.."

She turned around her hand and knees, her hand immediately dropping to fidget with her aching clit. Something strange started in her pussy, her hole, though used and thoroughly fucked, didn't feel stretched out or sore like after Martin. There was something different about a real dick, about real flesh inside of her, about knowing naturally her pussy was giving back as it took. Without consciously realizing it, Mary wanted to be completely ravaged, to be fucked until she couldn't take it anymore. The slight pain only added to her pleasure, making her bear down even harder to get at this new joy.

"Fuck me! God please just put it in me! Do whatever you want to your Mom, just fuck me."

He could see the gaping part in his mother, and easily pushed his penis into her desperate body. She used her hands and knees as leverage. Again her body worked back, only in this position Brian was finally allotted the forced needed to really go at his mother. Her moans of approval only egged him on, leading him to piston himself harder and harder

"That's it, fuck me! Use me! Harder baby... Fuck Mommy harder!"

Only he couldn't fuck her any harder, even as he held her around the waist, applying every angle of leverage he could to keep up the pace. He found his hips quickly hurting from the speed, but he continued on in spite of it.

"God I'm such a slut!" She screamed. "I can't believe I'm letting my son fuck me."

"You feel so good..." He managed between breaths.

"Pull my hair..." She murmured.

"What?"

"Pull my hair!" She said. "Pull my hair so you can fuck me harder!"

He reached for her wet hair, wrapping his hand around a tangle of it. Her neck twisted as he pulled back, using it to keeping his rhythm. He didn't dare pull too hard; he was afraid of hurting her.

As he pounded into her, Brian imagined himself in the same position, bent over and being used. Even as he enjoyed his mother thoroughly, in the most sublime sexual experience of his life, part of him needed something else. Part of him needed submission.

"Fuck you're making Mommy cum!" Mary screamed.

She shook so hard, he came out of her. He had to stop himself from shooting off on her ass, so he paused for a second before ramming himself back into her thrashing body. She kept shaking, letting out a loud yelp of satisfaction. He repeated the move again and again, pulling out only to put himself back in as his mother slumped down, her stomach against the bed, her body experiencing another, smaller and simultaneous orgasm.

"God... that's so good... I want you to cum baby," Mary said, now spent and sore. "I want you to cum inside the place you came from,"

They heard the sound of steps in the hallway first. Brian froze, unsure of what to do. Mary barely noticed the door open, too drained to even try to deny what was happening. She batted her eyes open to see Bethany standing in the doorway, wearing only her nightie, her hands across her chest in disapproval.

"So that's where you went."

"I'm glad you're here," Mary said. "I want you to watch your brother cum in me."
"It's bound to be more fun that hearing it from the hallway," She said, a little sore.

"Are you mad?" Mary said.

"No..." Bethany said, closing the distance and bending over to plant a kiss on her lips. "I'm just a little jealous. Go ahead and finish Brian. I want to see Mom's pussy filled with cum."

Unsure, but still just as horny, Brian began again. Bethany crouched down, holding her mom's hand as he began fucking her harder and harder.

"Do you like this?" Beth said.

"Oh god, yes, he feels so good..."

"Did he make you cum?"

"Two... no three times."

"Good, he's got such a great dick," Bethany said. "He also likes it in the ass."

"I know," Mary said. "I saw the toy."

"I fucked him with it when I sucked him..."

"God... that's so hot...."

The way the two talked so sexually about his forbidden fetish proved too much for Brian. His hips thwacked against his Mary's ass. His dick moving faster and faster as the cum came pouring out, filling up his mom with her seed.

"Oh god, I can feel his cum..." Mary said.

He didn't stop. Brian continued pounding into her, needing to get out every drop. The repeated motion, the taboo feeling her son's seed filling her vagina brought Mary back around again. By the time he eventually pulled out, she was rubbing herself vigorously.

While part of her still felt sickened by sex after what her dad had done, the other part strangly aroused, Bethany didn't want either feeling to last. While she didn't dare expose herself, her pussy still matted and dripping out the last few drops of Daddy's cum, she didn't want to forever associate sex with her father. She forced herself to speak, to not let her last experience stick in her sexual imaginings.

"Let me help you with that Mom..." Bethany said.

"Really? I mean, I'm all..."

"I've tasted my brother's cum before," She said shrugging.

She pushed Mary back down to the mattress, looking down as her sibling's white cream seeped out into the folds of their mother's sex.

"God that look so fucking hot..."

She meant that. And again, there was only them. Bethany bent her head down, her tongue lapping up her brother's cum, not just licking it, savoring each mouthful as she ate from her mother's pussy. It only took a moment more, a few more flicks from the tongue....

Mary came again as her daughter drank up the semen from her sex.




Chapter Seventeen: Salvation

Martin hurled the empty whiskey bottle into the ocean.

He stumbled across the beach, walking for what seemed like miles in his inebriated state. He was barely able to keep himself, stumbling through the white sand. The sunlight escaped into the cool Pacific air, burning a bright orange against the beautiful backdrop of the island paradise. He believed himself alone, though barely off in the distance, a couple well-known to the women in his family frolicked along the beach.

Martin couldn't notice them; he was consumed by a mixture of guilt and self-pity. Even as doused his brain in liquor, the scene replayed over and over again. Her screams, her pleading, and worst of all, her cries still turned him on.

His stiffening prick pushed him over the edge.

Because he knew he would do it again. It had been nearly twenty years, each day keeping his libido on a lease. And now there was no going back....

It wasn't an actual plan; an impulsive act driven out of shame and self revulsion. He simply started to swim, hoping the tide would take him out and let him drown alongside the overbearing desires he could never overcome, let alone ignore.

He swam until every muscle ached, until every tendon tired, until his body finally gave itself over involuntarily to its fate.

Only unbeknownst to him, the ocean didn't want him either. It hurled him back onto the beach as though sick with him. Unconscious, unmoving, he lay there. Until Riley called for Proctor.

*****

"His blood alcohol content was above .23," Aiko Proctor said, leading the Bloom family in to see Martin lying asleep bed in the island's infirmary. "Thankfully Trevon is a registered nurse."

He gestured to the large, almost imposing black man working delicately at the IV fluid.

"Don't worry so much about him," Trevon said, touching Mary's arm. "He looks a lot worse for the wear, but hell I seen kids get hit worse. The IV will simply help with his hangover."

"What happened?" Mary said.

"Riley said she saw him swim out to sea," Proctor said. "Given his level of intoxication, I assume he must have gotten disoriented."

Mary began to cry, hard and ugly. Her eyes welled up and then let loose a flood of tears that mixed with mucus from her sniffling nose.

"Trevon..." Proctor said gently. "I cannot thank you enough for your help this evening. But it might be best for you to head home and let Wyatt know that everything is okay."

"Yeah, sure boss," Trevon said, his eyes darting awkwardly around the room.

"You know my feelings on that title."

"Sure, okay doc," Trevon said. "But leave them my number. If you have any questions, or if anything changes about his condition, ring me up."

"What... what should I look out for?" Mary said.

Trevon shrugged.

"Sweetie, I don't see him needin' a thing except a smack atop the head," Trevon said. "But should you worry, I'm a light sleeper."

"Thank you," Mary managed.

"Yes thank you Trevon," Proctor said. "I don't know what we would do without you..."

"Well..." He said as he left. "You would definitely need a degree where doctor meant a bit more."

Proctor let out a chuckle.

"I'm not sure I'm up to doing anything quite so useful Trevon," He said. "So long as I have you to lean on in these moments."

"Night doc," the older man said.

"Goodnight," Proctor said, shutting the door to the makeshift clinic.

His face turned somber, as he carefully chose his words.

"I must admit, I have a series of questions, ones which I pose... not out of any need to be answered personally," He said softly. "It strikes me as curious that Mr. Bloom would chose to tour the island in such a state. I wonder what impetus created such behavior so out of character with what I have so far known about the man. I am not too obtuse to have a theory - but... "

Mary started to speak, only to sob again.

Aiko Proctor opened his arms, letting out a soft shrug.

"Again, I do not need answers," He said, moving towards the door. "I only suggest someone ask."

With that he left the family alone.

Mary tried to compose herself, finally finding her voice.
"He must know... about us," She said. "We've... we've gone too far. I'm so sorry kids, I'm... I don't know! I just wanted you two so bad... I forget myself, forget him..."

"Mom..." Bethany said softly.

"We can figure things out together," She said. "We can find someplace else to live, the doctor will help us, I'm sure..."

"Mom..." Bethany said louder.

"I know you don't want to leave, but it's important we stay-"

"MOM!" Brian bellowed.

"Well what is it?"

Martin stirred, his eyes fluttering open.

"I need to tell you something."

*****

Mary and Brian sat gape jawed, listening to an abridged account of how Martin turned his punishment into something more.

"I don't ever want to see you again..." She said softly. "You... you..."

She couldn't say the word.

And Martin couldn't meet her eyes.

"Mom..." Bethany started.

Both mother and father turned their heads.

"It wasn't quite... you know..."

Mary cocked her head, waiting for her to elaborate.

"It wasn't really rape."

"It sure sounds like it," Mary said flatly.

"Okay... yeah, at first I didn't want it," Bethany said. "But... ugh I hate to say it this way. But the things I was wearing, or not wearing, how I have been parading myself around the house... It wasn't for nothing."

"What?" Mary said.

"I wanted the attention, I wanted everyone's attention," Beth said. "God even before we got here I guess I always knew that I could mess with Daddy."

Her eyes narrowed as she looked at her father.

"I mean come on, you're so super obvious about it," She said. "Whenever I wore a shirt that he could see down, tight volleyball shorts, or went to the beach, I could see him drooling all over. If I'd hated it, I might have covered myself up."

"You... you wanted it?" Mary said.

Martin looked equally shocked.

"I mean at first, I was more surprised, shocked, and it hurt. You know how big Daddy is," Bethany said.

Mary nodded.

"And then, then I don't know. Past a certain point, the hurt started to feel good, great even. I'm not saying the way it happened was okay. But the spanking, the hair pulling, the rough way I was used..."

She took a deep breath.

"Well... I..." Bethany said, looking at her feet. "I haven't stopped thinking about it."

"Beth, baby, I don't know what to say," Martin started. "A thousand apologies wouldn't seem to cut it."

"You might start."

"I am so sorry," Martin said. "I can't believe, I mean after everything I tried to do, to make myself into the family's moral center... that we would end up here... to end up like this... and it's all my fault..."

"You don't know the half of it," Bethany said.

"I should have kept more control over myself," Martin said. "I knew, I've always known, how insatiable and immoral I can be. I've tried so hard to clamp down on it, especially since..."

"Since?" Bethany asked.

"Since Liam and I...well..."

Mary crossed her hands over her breasts.

"Martin," She said firmly. "It's time for you to tell us all what happened.




Chapter Seventeen: Martin and Liam

Martin begin speaking, at first stumbling before falling into a practiced, almost lecture style recounting of the incident.

"We had been dating a few years, going steady. You remember the trip I know, right around the time... well, I suppose there's no point in hiding it. Just a little after you two were sharing a room inside your mother. After that, well we couldn't expect much alone time until the honeymoon. We were going to be married - either that or I would find myself blown to bits by the Stillwater family shotgun.

It was supposed to be a stag party. Only I don't need to tell you kids, the idea of throwing a party in Cherokee has severe limitations. Liam had been in touch recently - he always went through periods like this, at least when I was growing up. At times I felt like a toy on the shelf, the brother he would remember after a few months or years gallivanting around the world. The reality of being in Korea fighting escaped my understanding when I was a kid.

I jumped at the chance to visit him in San Francisco. This was '70, in the middle of the anti-war, free love movement. Just at the moment when it seemed things might really change. I was 18. I wanted to see something before I started school again at Norman. I know what I seem like now, a stuffy, old curmudgeon who hates fun. Parents project these things naturally, desecrating every piece of evidence that another person ever existed. How suddenly I changed from aspiring hippie to responsible pillar of my household. Looking back, I think I get it now. Maybe had I been honest about my own experiences, had I simply shared the real struggles, the problems instead of stuffing them down, I might related. Things might have been better. Instead, I hid everything under the rug.

Things never stay under the rug...

I didn't know much about sex, just that I was always horny. Your mother and I had given in twice and ended up pregnant. At the time, it didn't feel worth it. But still, I was always horny.

Society strangles these urges, says they aren't important, laments the weakness of women who enjoy sex. As though she's the slut should she indulge a man in what he wants. It's the most important thing. Not only in life, but to the survival of the species. We need sex. Healthy sex, honest conversations about it, because what's the alternative? I guess what Mary and I did.

It's as if we've subconsciously cultivated a confirmation bias toward a negative view of what should be a wonderful thing. Don't have sex. Don't have sex. If you want sex, if you have sex, you are sinful. You are bad. But biology wins out.

And because every effort is aligned against anything other than abstinence, no one uses birth control or protection. No one talks about consent, mutual pleasure, or anything else. So when someone breaks, gives into desire, and ends up pregnant, ends up with a disease, ends up emotionally or physically unprepared; it only proves the dangers of sex. Imagine we warned against the dangers of driving, never teaching driver's ed, never teaching about seatbelts, or road signs. Never even talking to our kids about it because it's too awkward. And then when car accidents went up, we used these results to prove that driving was too dangerous to even consider.

I'm just as guilty. I let a few bad experiences shape me. Not that our first time wasn't... special. But I know you didn't enjoy it. And I felt too ashamed that I did. Too embarrassed to find out what to do differently. It was hard enough finding out the weird things about myself, then to try and guess yours? It's not an excuse, I should have, I would have done a thousand things different. I will from now on. 18... Christ I thought I knew everything. No worse than that, I pretended to know everything.

Liam offered me an escape. He had enough money to fly me out, to treat me to anything I asked. Not that I knew what to ask for. He picked me up at the airport, bringing me to his favorite bar where he plied me alcohol. Elaborate, fruity cocktails with umbrellas all over. Bars filled with men and women wearing next to nothing as they danced against each other. Liam seemed to hold court over them all. He was so handsome back then, long brown hair in these unshelved kind of curls, lean muscles, washboard abs..."

Martin stopped for a second, lost in his memory.

"We drank and drank. Everything came free, along with another new friend who wanted to talk with Liam. I short of stayed in his shadow, admiring how immersed he was in this strange, exotic community. Beautiful women, long-haired men wearing all manner provocative outfits, leather mostly, though a few were even dressed like women. It was like a psychedelic show...

Then we smoked some dope. My first and only time.

Late in the night, Liam made a comment about the scene behind too tame for a real bachelor's party. He made a couple of suggestions, including a strip club and a stag film. Back then, the only way to watch porn was in some grimy theater with a dozen other men. We started at the strip club..."

"You never told me this...." Mary said.

"You'll see why," Martin continued. "We went to a club, it had some... well different dancers..."

"Different how?" Bethany said.

"Different... oh god." He said slowly, making a long dormant connection. "She looked exactly like you..."

He looked at his daughter.

"But we had already... and I guess I wanted to try a different type."

"What happened?" Mary asked, her brow furrowing.

"Not... much... not nothing," Martin said slowly. "I mean a lap dance, a little more. She let me run my hands all over her body. I got to touch her ass, her breasts. She reached through my pants, and uh... manipulated me through my clothes. That wasn't really the important part though..."
"Go on," Mary said sternly.

"Even back then, San Francisco was pretty different. Dingy, dirty, overflowing with the refuse of society. It's easy to glamorize it now, to look back and think about how gentrification changed the community for the worse. Not so - yes for anything to take root there needs to be soil, but those who've spent any time in the muck and mud want something better.

The young have no expectation, no sense of comparison. I didn't. I saw the Castro as a different world. I was 18, overwhelmed, overstimulated, and undersexed. Bethany, Brian, most every teenager is like you, starved for human affection, missing that all important connection that breathes meaning into our lives. How quickly we try and forget that feeling, how lonely we were.

Even so, I don't think we were ready to get married. I don't think anyone is. Though perhaps at 18 these fears possess a little more legitimacy. There is part of you now that looks back to the time when you were four or five with an astonished bewilderment, belittling the naive things you once believed as childish fantasies. That scorn, that derision for your old self always remains present - at least in a healthy being. I erred, I reverted back to beliefs not really mine. Inherited yes, socially enforced, but consciously chosen. An upbringing may be a deterrent, but it's hardly a defense.

I was sheltered. Only the more we pursue purity, the easier it is to notice the speck of dust. And then, once an exception has been made, how readily a smudge becomes a slimy stain. Shame and secrecy prevents us from knowing the difference. Allowing things to fester rather than expose what in the open, might not even be considered so squalid.

I guess it's a lofty way of explaining that once I sinned by having premarital sex with the woman who would become my bride, there seemed no point in stopping. The wages of sin are death, and all sin separates us from God. Another way of saying in for a penny, in for a pound. Or see a stripper, see a stag film.

Liam suggested a place near the Castro. Such a thing was forbidden, illegal even. But I was drunk. I was horny. It might seem strange that in world of video home systems and laserdiscs, a man might venture into a dimly lit theater to watch women naked. But desperate times and all. Perhaps that's why pornography has become so prolific. Sex used to always be a public thing. Even buying a magazine involved visiting a store and paying a clerk. Now subscriptions can renew nudity on a monthly basis, no shame, no stigma, just solitude and sex.

I remember the place smelled stale, used, and bleached. We bought our tickets, well Liam did, and found our way to the back of the theater. I can't remember much about the film. A girl wearing stockings, her hair done up, a close up of her mouth around a stiffy, hairy cock. I remember finding it strange that the movie didn't have a designated start time.

I had never seen such an act. The idea of putting a mouth on a penis or vagina seemed so unexplainably taboo. Maybe now it's normal, but then! I don't remember when I became aware of my surroundings, only that at some point I realized that many of the men were making a familiar movement in their seats. I saw one guy stand up, nodding at another, then sitting down in the next seat. His head went right down into the other's lap.

I couldn't believe what I was seeing, or at least what I knew was happening right in front of me. The man let out a loud moan as the other moved his mouth up and down only a few feet in front of me.

Liam caught me staring.

"That happens all the time."

He explained to me that it was almost the same thing as masturbating.

"You do masturbate right?"

I nodded.

"Oh good, then it's no big deal if I do right? I mean, you've already seen it done before..."

I nodded again, unsure what to think. Mostly I didn't want my brother to think I was some sort of hillbilly square, too prudish to jerk off.

So should I have looked away?

I didn't.

Liam was large. I guess it runs in the family. Only he was circumcised, I don't know why I wasn't, I could never summon the courage to ask. That pink head caused my eyes to rivet on him. He smiled back at me. If he felt uncomfortable at first, he certainly didn't show it. He started to stroke himself in front of me, his eyes staring into mine as he worked himself slowly.

"No one cares, you can take out yours if you want," He said.

I waited a few more seconds, watching him work himself until I couldn't take it anymore. The images on the screen, the first time I'd ever seen pornography, almost possessed me. Though after a few moments, I was only casually glancing up at the projection. The real show was right next to me. Most of all, I remember my brother's wicked smile as he masturbated. My own hard-on strained against my pants, almost poking through the fabric. It didn't take much, just a hand on my knee. I didn't resist. He playfully reached for me, gently smacking my cock through my pant leg.

"Come on, let it out." He said. "I'll help if you want."

Was pulling out my penis out the same as saying yes? I didn't really think about it at the time. I was so horny. Every second was consumed with sex, as if all the blood in my body only flowed to that one part. I don't think it mattered that he was man. I was sexually interested in everything. On the days when I couldn't control myself, I could cum three or four times.

How it happened was kind of a blur... I just know that I helped my brother unbutton my pants. Only I didn't know what he had planned until his head dropped down onto my lap. The sensation was unlike anything I'd ever experienced. I'd only been with your mother a few times, and this...

This was something else.

His lips gripped my dick, his entire mouth engulfing me in a single swallow. He bobbed up and down, taking in every inch with a practiced perfection. It didn't matter the length - God I sound like an asshole saying it like this Mary - but he really knew what he was doing. He never choked or gagged. I could feel him deliberately relaxing his throat to take me all the way to base. His mammoth dick rubbed up against my leg.

I knew I wanted it.

He never even used his hand. All nine inches dropped all the way down his throat. It was like being inside your pussy, but with more pressure. He licked and slobbered all over every inch, varying his technique at first. Then he went all the way up and all the way down at the same pace. I tried not to think about it being my brother blowing me in the theater. I tried my best to focus on the action on the screen, but I kept watching him work. I told myself that no one would ever know.

I don't know if it's just my memory. Maybe he just had a particular skill. But I've never shot a load like that since. The head of my cock sprayed out gallons of semen. Liam just sucked it all up, continuing in the same pattern even as I tried to stop him. I emptied my balls in my brother's mouth, releasing years of pent up sexual frustration.

And somehow, I stayed hard for another minute or so.

He came up for air, wiping cum off his lips with his fingers, then slowly sucking on each of them.

"Did you have fun?" He asked.

I nodded, then he asked me to help him out.

I didn't know what to do. Somehow accepting a blowjob seemed less gay compared to touching another man's cock.

"It's no big deal," I remember him saying. "You touch yours."

Then his strong hand was in mine, helping me touch him. I relaxed a little, feeling that soft, delicate skin as I struggled with the girth. He helped me, holding my fingers as we masturbated him together.

"It feels good, doesn't it?" He asked.

I nodded.

Then he stopped me.

"I'm not quite ready to blow yet, do you want to see some more of the city?" He said.

I didn't really want to leave. Already there was another stirring in my sex drive. But the city had awakened me. The lights, the sounds, the anonymity as we cruised from one bar to the next. A few drinks, a few more moments to realize I had not turned into a pillar of salt. Maybe it was the alcohol, or that I wasn't alone. Everywhere men were enjoying each other in the most carnal ways. And I was curious.

We went through an undisclosed door; again Liam pulling out his wallet for the cover. Only this time, we were each handed a towel and a key.

"It's like a spa, come on it'll soak up the alcohol," Liam said.

We placed our clothes in the locker, each of us taking longer than necessary to eyeball each other. The towels were designed two sizes too small. I remember pinching to keep it together, my bulge clearly visible as I walked down the corridors. There was a gym in front of several hallways with countless small, little rooms containing nothing more than a mattress.

Liam led me to the back. Inside, several men sat with their towels around them in the steam, touching themselves as they watched a kid my age working his mouth up and down an older man. Yes, everyone watched, nonchalantly, as though nothing particularly unusual was happening. I don't remember exactly what we talked about. I could barely keep my focus with the sexual scene unfolding in front of us. We took a minute gabbing, watching, the steam making me slide off my towel.

I remember seeing several other guys openly masturbating. I joined in, working myself for a minute or so before my brother took over. He was sucking me again when the older man stood up, having the boy to bend over in front of him. In one motion, he forced his cock inside his ass.

The man lost himself in lust, gripping the boy by his hips, ploughing into that sensual male body. I'd never heard a moan like that, the sounds of their desire dripping down in the sauna. I must have looked transfixed, unable to unrivet my eyes from the pair.

"Do you want to try that?" Liam said, looking up from my cock.

I thought of my older brother bending me over and sticking that oversized thing inside my virgin hole. While the reality scared me, the idea worked me up even further. I might have even said yes had he pressed me again, only he dropped his towel and got up.

Sitting down in my lap!

At first I rubbed my dick against his naked ass, between his cheeks. Then he spread his buttocks apart, holding me still, finding exactly the right spot. He let out a loud moan as he lowered himself, my cock feeling the unimaginable tightness of his anus. He was so warm. Every second inside of him made me want to shoot, only I knew I needed to make it last.

I was 18, but I still only had a certain amount of sperm inside of me.

He grabbed my thighs, using them as leverage as I nearly went in and out of him. His sphincter seemed to grip at my dick as he bounced up and down. I didn't know which was happening: was he fucking me or was I fucking him? I didn't care. I lost myself in the moment, surrounded by all the steamy sex in this public sauna.

My hands reached all over his body until he directed me to his dick. I reached around, tugging at the thing in his lap as we fucked. We both forget boundaries, forget our relationship as brothers, consumed by these carnal pleasures.

"Oh god, I'm close!" I remember calling too soon.

"Cum in me Marty." He said.

I flooded his insides with my second load of the evening, letting out a gasp of relief as I released. Somehow, he stayed on top of me through it, his hand helping me rub his shaft. As I deflated, he stood up, removing me from his ass with a quiet pop. He turned around, the head of his cock in my face.

"Give it a try," He asked again.

I hesitated, then he coaxed it out of me.
"It's only fair. I did it for you."

He had a point.

I couldn't argue. My brother had already given me his bottom. It seemed so stupidly selfish not to at least return a blowjob. I put my hand around his shaft, looking quizzically as the unfamiliar pink head in front of me. Somehow even fucking his ass didn't seem that gay. But this was the barrier, the final moment that threatened to brand me a fag for life...

He pushed his hips closer.

I closed my eyes.

I opened my mouth.
He tasted salty, almost rubbery. But not bad, not vile or like pee. I opened my mouth wider, trying to take more of him in, keeping my teeth from touching his skin. I looked up at him, my eyes wide and craving his approval. In that instance, I understood submission, the simple desire that comes from subjecting yourself completely to another's will.

"You're doing great baby!"

Somehow him saying that filled me with pride.

He was gentle with me, at least compared to the way I was with him. He never held my head down or made me swallow it all. I couldn't do that. Even still there were moments that I choked. Once or twice, I coughed so much that I nearly retched. But I went back at it, bobbing my head back and forth like he did, sucking and slurping as many inches as I could manage.

I needed it.

It didn't make sense to me at the time - it puzzles me more at this moment. How could I find myself so enraptured by becoming completely subservient to another man? It still seems absurd. And yet there was something freeing in devoting myself completely to his cock.

For the past twenty years, the memory of what I did in the bath house has dominated my sexual imagination. It always lurked in the background, an invisible brand beckoning me towards another life. I knew to lead a normal life I had to fight it, to repress my own urges, and it's made me miserable.

Because giving him pleasure made me forget the rest of the world. I focused only on sucking what I was given, surrendering every shred of my masculinity. It was so freeing!

I had to use my hands, but I made sure my mouth met every inch of his skin. I licked down his shaft, gargling greedily at his balls, sucking each in turn. I stroked him as I did, then put him back in my mouth, trying to take all I could. I sucked until he started to twitch in my mouth.

I don't know why it surprised me, but I saw it coming. Liam's semen hit the back of my throat with such a force that I could barely swallow. There seemed so much of it, salty, sweet, spunky. I choked violently, the dick falling from my eager lips. He kept spraying, coating my face. By the time he was finished, most of his ejaculate dribbled down my chin, covering the corners of my mouth.

"Was that good?" I remember asking.

"You're wearing the proof." He said.

I asked for a bathroom. He gave me directions, saying he wanted to finish watching. I looked over and saw that from the wrist up, the older man was inside the teenager. The boy softly moaned. The fist fully engulfed, the small part of the man's forearm now disappeared. It was too much for me. I made my way out of the sauna, immediately forgetting Liam's directions.

I found myself in a dimly lit room. Cut into the sides of the walls were holes at the waist level. I could see a penis protruding from the other end. A man bent to his knees, taking the cock in his mouth as I walked passed. I was drunk, overwhelmed, barely able to understand what I was seeing.

Then everything went black.

The room turned into a maze. As I walked, I bumped into several bodies, unclear of anything in the dark. Hands reached all over my body; tearing at the towel, touching my butt, fondling my flacid dick. I pushed a few arms away, trying to move on, only to trip, nearly falling until caught by a strong arms in the dark.

His hands reached down, finding my ass, a finger pushing at the back of me. I tried to cry out, only to have him hush me. Another man joined in, his mouth working on the tip of my cock. I had no idea how they managed to find their way around. Maybe I was too drunk. My hole resisted at first, the tip of his finger twirling around me, my whole body fidgeting from the sensation. Then he broke in, the digit entering me suddenly, violently. It hurt, but not as much as it stimulated me on the other end.

I let out a loud cry as he worked himself in and out of me. Then something strong wafted underneath my nose. It smelled like nail polish. My head was swimming. I found myself drug to a mattress. Strong hands grabbed my waist, reaching around to stroke my cock as he positioned on my hands and knees. I felt something wet, almost slimey slide down my ass crack.

Then I screamed!

"STOP! STOP! THAT HURTS!"

I begged!

"It's only the head. Calm down, it will get easier," the stranger said.

I sobbed into the mattress as he forced his dick up my ass. I tried to fight at first, only to have him pin my arms behind my back. My hole burned with every inch he shoved in, struggling to take him. The same smell went into my nostrils, making my whole body relax underneath him.

Suddenly, he stopped hurting. My cock grew harder than I'd ever known. I stopped fighting him. My dick rubbed against the mattress, desperate for any attention. He grabbed it, stroking me as he used my body. I whimpered, I moaned, I begged like a little bitch. He pulled me to my side allowing another mouth worked on my cock. I opened my mouth, letting out a gasp of intense pleasure, only to find another penis shoved into me.

Indescribable bliss.

I lost myself in this whirlwind of lust. Two of my holes were completely devoted to the pleasure of these shapes in the dark, stretching out both holes with their unseen length. My cock squirmed and shook with pleasure, the man in the dark expertly manipulating me. I hate to admit it, but I found myself more excited by giving rather than receiving.

No - that's putting it too pristinely. Put simply, I loved getting fucked.

In my face, in my ass, it didn't matter. I needed dick.

The man in my mouth came, this time I managed to swallow most of it. Whenever I took take a breath, I yelled out to the dark room that I needed to suck another cock. I waited for what seemed to be an eternity to feel someone else in my mouth. I barely had him inside of me before a brand new sensation started below my waist.

The rhythmic thrusting stopped as warm cum entered my virgin hole. I thought I might orgasm again, but I had been milked almost dry. The mouth on my cock was patient, taking his time as my erection came and went, building back up in different moments. As the dick in my ass pulled quickly out, semen splattered down my thighs, giving my cock another rise. Without the pressure against my prostate, I found it easier to get closer again, edging towards another end of pleasure.

I remember apleading with him to fuck me, saying wild, desperate things, only to hear him laugh and keep sucking.

Another cock positioned itself against my rear, pulling me up on my hands and knees. The mouth let go of my throbbing member as the two men angled me on my hands and knees. They used me like a spitroasted animal, alternating back and forth between the ends of my ability to satisfy. By this point, my whole body ached with wear, my knees, my cock, my ass; all tired and sore.

Yet I begged for more.

The cum again surprised me, causing me to choke for a second. Instead of spitting it up, I managed to savor the load in my mouth. It must have looked like I was foaming at the mouth. I let it drip down my lips, covering my face and dripping down onto the mattress.

The next man fucked me so hard, I thought I would split in two. He slammed into my body. I cried out, begging him to slow down. I could hear the sounds of our skin slapping together in the dark. My hand went to my dick, swollen and aching. Then the man then pulled out almost accidentally, shooting cum all over my ass. The first few shots splattered on my back, the rest spilling over my cheeks. The last few warm drops were squeezed out into my sphincter as he shoved himself back in my body, his semen mixing with the first guy's.

Another man adjusted behind me. And as I lay in a pool of cum, my face smeared, my butt and back dripping, I let out a plea for mercy. I needed to cum. My ass ached so much. He didn't stop - I should have known better in such a place. Only this cock filled me more than the other two, stretching me out, continuing to drive deeper inside of me until I couldn't take another inch.

"No, please."

It was all I could say.

"Not even for me, baby brother?"

His voice was so reassuring.

Liam's hand wrapped around my cock, which grew again in his expert hand. He fucked me slowly at first, letting me get used to him before I was screaming with lust again. I begged him to finish inside of me quickly, usure of how long I could take that monster. There were moments when I felt like he would tear me in two, even with the cum of two other men lubricating every sensation. At times I tried to work myself away from it, but I always bounced back against him.

My brother was fucking me face first in a puddle of cum, stroking me so that I would let him ravage my innocent body. I came first, in a few meager droplets in front of my stomach. The last minute or two were brutal. I bit my lip, almost drawing blood as I tried to take him to completion. I wanted my older brother to be proud of me. He then pushed me down harder. I lay flat on my stomach, whimpering as he shot into my ass. His warm cum filled my abused hole, soaking into me, my sphincter trying to hold in the loads of three different men - two a stranger - the last my brother.

We stayed like that for a moment. Then he slowly pulled out, which seemed to hurt the worst.

Dazed, I walked out of the darkened room, cum flecking off my face, dripping down my butthole. When I looked at myself in the bathroom before showering, my whole body was a perfect mess of smeared white goop. But the most sexual part was the cum left on my face in droplets, my matted hair, my bleary, red and squinting eyes staring back in the mirror at this stranger covered in jizz.




Chapter Eighteen: The Family Affair

Martin turned away, as if unable to look at his family after what he confessed.

"Whoa..." Beth said.

"I'm sorry I didn't tell you," Martin said. "I never knew how..."

"So what happened after?" Mary said. "I still don't understand why you and Liam never talked about it. "

"You remember the times. Being a homosexual was like a disease someone chose. After I came back home, I read book after book at the library. Each of them said different versions of the same thing. That being homosexual was a mental disorder, that I was deviant, even a predator..."

He paused for a second.

"I'm afraid that part stuck," Martin said. "The idea of my older brother preying on me, getting me drunk and taking advantage of me. It absolved me of any guilt. I let the anger take over."

"So all this time," Mary said, her voice quivering. "You never had any interest in me?"

"Of course I did," Martin said sharply, reaching for her hand. "I'm sure Liam loved Savanna, even in the physical way. I've always found you to be the most beautiful woman in the world Mary, only there's always been something missing."

"What?"

"Intimacy," He said. "I've always been holding back these fantasies, these interests, afraid that if I started letting myself enjoy sex too much, I'd... I'd...."

He cleared his throat.

"I know what happened before," He said. "I know inside of me there's this bottomless pit of depravity. I've tried to push these desires deep down into a hole, only they're determined to claw back out. I tried pretending that these sick urges weren't there. I blamed Liam for putting the ideas in my head because I couldn't blame myself, I couldn't face what I am..."

"Daddy..." Bethany said.

"I'll never forgive myself for what I did to you," Martin said. "God I'm so sorry. I've been lying all these years. Repressing everything about myself, taking my rage out all on you all."

"I'm sorry too," Mary said. "I think we could have been having a lot more fun if we'd all been honest."

"What do you mean?"

"Oh God, where do we start?" Mary said.

And the three of them told Martin just how much the rest of the family had already enjoyed each other on the island.

*****

The sun rose across Liam's Cove, its rays stretching across the surf in same way. The pristine water shimmered with the new heat, the sand warming as four pairs of feet patted across the sand. Thought the day might have seemed interchangeable to the hundred or so other denizens still slumbering in their dwelling, to the Bloom Family this morning would mark the beginning.

Martin watched his family run ahead of him, stripping off their clothes, giving him full permission to stare. There was the familiar sight of his wife's breasts, bouncing up and down with each step. The slight curves of his daughter, their small size keeping her flesh almost stationary as she ran towards the ocean, contrasting the supple shake of her bubble butt as Bethany sprinted the last few steps into the white crested surf. His son went last, slowly stripping down, surprising him with a cock significantly smaller than his Daddy's.

The four spent a few hours enjoying the water together. Pushing themselves past the waves, splashing each other over the water, teasing and touching each other underneath the ocean. Mary took a turn play wrestling with Bethany, coming at her from behind. Her hands pinched those puffy nipples until her baby girl finally gave in and went down, her brunette hair soaked with seawater. Martin grabbed his son's ass playfully under the water, Brian smiling shyly at him.

"Let's do a chicken fight!" Bethany yelled over the roaring waves.

"Are you sure that's safe?" Mary said.

The water was almost up to her neck as Bethany made her way farther out than the rest of her family.

"It's really even out here," Beth said. "Come on! It'll be easier if I'm on you."

Mary ducked down, submerging and letting Bethany's legs to clasp around her neck. Though Mary felt her daughter's pussy against the back of her head, this proved little distraction. The pair had already known so much more. For Brian and Martin, his growing prick against his father's body proved to be too much excitement. Bethany grappled with him first, quickly gaining leverage in the friendly combat.

Brian seemed more interested in groping his sister than pulling her off their mother. Bethany kept her vice-like grip around Mary, her legs brushing against those massive breasts. She wiggled and wormed, finally managing to unseat Brian enough that the boy was dangling half on half off his Dad, his hard on squeezing against a shoulder.

Then he let himself fall. His hands reluctantly letting go of her pert breasts.

Both Mary and Martin begged off from another round, content to watch their children continue their mock melee from the beach, their hands exploring each other hidden from sight. A few more tender moments passed like this, before everyone decided their bodies needed a break. They walked home together, each nude, each ogling the other.

Martin walked in front, his large penis swinging back and forth like a pendulum.

"I'm going to hop in the shower," Martin said.

"How about we all hop in the shower?" Mary suggested.

"Are we all going to fit?" Martin asked, still unable to believe his luck.

"Maybe," Mary smirked. "Or maybe we'll have to just get used to taking turns..."

The shower in the master bedroom seemed designed for sex: two nozzles protruded from opposite ends of a see-through box. On the opposite end from the entrance there stood a bench where someone could sit and enjoy the steam. Each shower head detached with adjustable knobs for pressure, which were quickly put to work.

Mother and daughter entered, soaping up each others breasts. They took turns burying their heads in each other's bosom. Suds and sprays went everywhere, the two giggling like school girls as they found the now familiar pleasure in each other's bodies. Bethany's fingers moved underneath her mother's voluminous chest, moving them up closer to her face. She motorboated each, sucking on each nipple.

Father and son watched, no longer needing to constrict their delight. Martin looked down to see his boy holding himself in his hand, pulling up and down furiously on his hardened dick. His own member hung like a thick piece of rope, the edge of Martin's foreskin still hiding his pink head. Brian's eyes traced up and down his dad's body, fixating on his father's manhood. He found himself unable to look away, barely noticing as Mary took a nozzle to her daughter's desperate clit.

Martin smiled at him, peeling back the foreskin as he showed off his impression endowment. He stretched out his skin, letting his son look from every possible angle. Brian's wide-eyed stare, along with the scene of his wife pressing their daughter's ass up against the glass wall, making her squirm and shake as the nozzle teased her clit, finished his growing erection.


He was over nine inches. Nothing compared to his memory of his brother, yet it was much more than his kid. Brian looked at his Dad wide-eyed, reaching a hand tentatively forward, only to draw it back.

Martin smiled.

It brought back a memory.

"Go ahead," He whispered. "Touch Daddy's dick."

Brian reached out a clumsy hand, gingerly touching his dad. He closed it in a fist, stroking almost reluctantly as Bethany squealed against the shower head.

"Oh god Mommy! It's so good! I'm going to cum!"

"Be a good girl, cum!"

"I'm cumming, I'm cumming, I'm cumming..."

"You boys better get in here!"

Brian let go of his father as they both opened the door. There was little room. A mixture of hands washed around every inch, paying particular attention to those measurements between their legs. Bethany and Mary took turns with two wash clothes on both brother and husband, son and father, coyly cleaning until all pretense was long gone. They their fingers massaged around the shaft, pushing the head up against their pussy or their ass, teasing their men to the breaking point.

Bethany held her father's cock in her hand, considering it with a certain amount of admiration. A smile spread across her face, an idea becoming more and more convincing. She stroked her dad, then grabbed her brother by the hand.

"Sit down," She said, nodding at the bench.

Brian obeyed. She pulled her Dad closer by his dick, squeezing in on her brother's lap. She scooted up towards his knee, then starting sucking. Her lips moved past his foreskin, sliding down the length of his cock. After a minute or so, she pulled away, kissing Brian on the mouth. In one hand she held the head of their Daddy's dick up to him, offering it.

"Go ahead, share it with me!"

Brian looked up at his father reluctantly, wanting, but unsure of himself.

"You'll love every second of it," Martin said, staring down at his son. "The taste, the feel, the sound of my balls as they slap against your chin."

He moved his mouth closer, slowly opening his lips. He deftly kissed the head. Martin put his hand around his son's head, guiding him as he opened his lips up, letting more and more in. Once he made contact, the boy lost control. He instantly tried to engulf the entire meal, gagging as he tried to inhale every inch.

"Oh wow, you're already such a greedy cock sucker," Martin said.

"Just like Daddy," Bethany said, taking over with her mouth.

"Take your time," Martin said. "You'll get used to it."
Brian worked on his father's head, his tongue swirling around the soft foreskin, licking around the inside of his urethra. Bethany moved below. She started by licking his balls, her tongue eliciting a soft moan from Martin. Then she opened her mouth, letting each one of his testicles into her open lips. Martin had never known such pleasure, his entire penis given the full treatment as he gently thrust in and out of Brian's waiting mouth.

There was one more person to consider. Mary saw a space, a small little opening to apply a skill she had only seen performed. Bending down, she spread Martin's cheeks apart, sticking her tongue into his puckered hole. Martin let out a gasp of surprise, followed by a deep moan of ecstasy. It seemed every possible point of pleasure was being examined. His children using their mouths to alternate between sucking on his dick and balls, his wife tonguing his anus. It was overwhelming, receiving every second of attention. It was uplifting, sharing their secret together, working as one in sexual harmony.

And for Martin, sex was finally exhilarating again.

More than the pounding hot water turned the tight, cramped box into a cauldron of carnal pleasure. Every way he moved, Martin found a mouth willing to suck, to tug, to lick and lap up every private part. It made no difference that neither child could swallow him whole. They took turns, using their grip to choke up on his dick, letting him control his pace much as he could. As much as he loved fuck their beautiful teenage faces, his body responded equally to his wife working her tongue inside him. He couldn't decide which was more pleasurable, the attention paid to his sexual organ, or the delicate touch of her tongue on his rosebud.

Martin could barely contain himself. His balls bulged with the need to ejaculate. He tried to hold it in, only to find himself relentlessly fucking each face as it appeared in front of him. The pressure built up inside of him. And Martin possessed no more self-control or stamina than a teenager. He pulled out of Brian's mouth, his hips propelling him forward. Before Bethany could her brother's place, this motion brought him smooshed between the two. For one last stroke, his miraculous shot resulted from the effort of both son and daughter, his cum spreading on the side of both cheeks..

Bethany realized what was happening, gripping her Daddy's cock and directing the spray. On the other end, Mary felt her husband clench, his buttocking tightening as he unloaded years of built up tension all over their children's faces. Both of them waited with open mouths, letting the shots of cum hit them on the lips, tasting Daddy's seed with their tongues.

As he finished, barely standing, Martin managed to speak.

"Mary, honey look at this..."

As the water thudded around them, Bethany stared up at them. Cum dripped down her nose and onto her waiting tongue. Her brother's face was a similar portrait, wearing the same byproduct of satisfaction on his cheek and forehead, a long stand of semen stuck just above his eye. Martin wrapped his arm around his wife, holding her close as they watched.

"They look so beautiful," Mary said.

Bethany beamed, then with a finger, scooped up a long strand from her brother's forehead. She savored it in her mouth before leaning in to kiss him, swirling the same cum between the two siblings.

And after lavishing their attention on each other, indulging in their most forbidden longings in the shower, the Bloom family finally bothered to get clean.

*****

They took turns drying each other off before Martin collapsed onto the bed. Mary joined him, her hair wrapped in a towel, the rest of her body on a lurid display that seemed more natural by the minute.

"We aren't done with you yet you know," She said.

"I'm not a teenager anymore," Martin wheezed, feigned exhaustion.

"And yet..." Mary said. "You have two teenagers waiting to be pleased."

Martin groaned, his dick still a little sensitive as Mary touched it.

"Come on," Mary said. "I know you want to fuck Brian in the ass... and maybe Bethany too!"

He perked up.

"I think I can rally. I just need a minute."

She kissed him on the forehead.

"Hurry up honey," Mary said. "I just got in some toys I'm dying to show you."

He closed his eyes, zonking out in a post-orgasmic mini-nap. He might have stayed that way, awash in serotonin and the countless other chemicals that combined to lull him to sleep, had he not heard the screams of delight from downstairs.

"Oh god! Mommy that feels so good!"

He made his way down the staircase. His eyes still blurry, his mind barely adjusting to the reality, his dangling sex acting as a divining rod to the action. From the stairwell, he looked down into the open parlor room. Standing stupefied for a second, he tried to take in the new toys his wife wielded with such ease.

He could hear the loud buzzing of the Hitachi vibrator she pressed against Bethany, their baby girl's face flushed with pleasure as she squatted on the flooring, working the thing around her clit. Martin wondered if she intended to force the oblong head into her parting, suddenly concerned about his own inadequacy by comparison. To his childish relief, she never tried inserting it, letting the wand buzz against her clitorus. She started lowering her other hole slowly onto a black bulbous toy with a flared base, held in her mother's waiting hand.

"Go slow honey, this butt plug is awfully big."

The black object started to disappear as she sat on it.

"Oh, oh wow," Bethany said as her tight opening made contact. "Fuck it hurts!"

"Aren't you glad I asked you to take this first?"

"Ok, ok, ok, Mother knows best. Is it in yet?"

"You're about halfway there," Mary said. "You're doing so good honey..."

She stopped for a second, trying to catch her breath and relax as the black behemoth stretched her open. Martin could only make out the part outside of her ass, flared and disappearing little by little as she sat further on the floor. Mary moved her hands away, the object inserted far enough to remain in without her guiding it.

"It's the widest here. Relax, breathe..."

Bethany let out a painful moan, taking it a little more. Then the whole toy shot straight inside of her at once, having gone past the widest section in the middle. Her ass hit the ground with a loud thud.

Bethany let out a scream of shock.

"Oh fuck me! Fuck, fuck!"

The pain wasn't from the descent, her bottom only fell a few inches. The sudden introduction of the entire toy opened up the deepest part her anus all at once, stretching her open in ways she'd never experienced. Mary held her closely, her hands cupping her breasts, their mouths meeting in a passionate kiss. Bethany started moving the vibrator against herself. Her hips bulging to and fro, her ass growing accustomed, appreciating the new sensation.

After a minute or more, it became clear that Beth was no longer simply taking the toy, she was using the floor to push the thing deeper inside. She was fucking herself with the rubber base, vivaciously masturbating at each opening in her body.

Her work done, Mary stood up. Martin looked quizzically as the contraption tied around her waist. It looked almost exactly like a penis, from the flesh-like color to the round, slightly developed head. Martin walked all the way down the stairs, seeing his son bent over the couch, his ass pointed up for easy access.

"I'm glad you're up," Mary said. "Hopefully we can rouse something else."

"That shouldn't be too hard," Martin said. "Though I see you've grown an extra appendage. How is a man supposed to compete with such a modern woman?"

"That's right! You haven't seen this in action," Mary said. "I hope you don't mind, Brian has prepared a demonstration."

"Go ahead."

"Mommy is going to be gentle with you and get you ready for Daddy's big dick."

She positioned herself behind her son, the phallus slapping him between the cheeks. She took a second, coating the thing in lube. Her son opened easily for her. Alone, desperately needing any dick, Brian had gotten used to opening wide without such stimulation.

"Oh my god, Marty, look at him take it!"

She slipped inside of him almost effortlessly, surprised at how quickly she filled his hidden hole. She gave his ass a playful slap.

"Does that feel good?"

"Yes..." Brian managed, his body draped over the couch.

"Do you want more?"

"Yes, please!"

His desperation and the obscene reverse of roles inspired her. Already she was feeling more confident, relishing in her role as procurer of these game changing curiosities. Swallowing hard, she spoke up again,

"Please what?" Mary asked.

"Please have sex with me Mom!"

She did her best to hold onto his legs, finding it difficult to keep the toy positioned and exert enough force to go quickly enough. She started slowly, pulling in and out, hearing the soft, mewing moans, so feminine and docile. Mary slid almost all the way in and out of him, his ass eagerly swallowing up everything she fed. The other side of the double-ended sex toy worked back inside her, causing her to moan with each thrust.

"God it feels good to fuck you," Mary said. "I only wish I could feel the inside of you."

She began getting more of an understanding of the motions, moving with more speed.

"Does this feel good? Do you want more?"

"Yes Mom."

"Call me Mommy," She said, deciding on the spot. "Both of you, Daddy shouldn't get all of the fun. And for the next few minutes Mommy's in charge."

"Yes Mommy," Brian breathed out as Mary pulled all the way out.

"Now tell me what you want!"

"Fuck me... god please Mommy fuck me, I want it so bad..."

"How should Mommy fuck you?" She said as she shoved it back into him

"Hard!" He nearly choked on the words. "Fuck me hard Mommy!"

Her hips smacked into his with an unexpected force. She fucked him with an unyielding passion, sweat pouring down her body, her every muscle aching as she poured all of her energy into pounding his tight little hole. When she paused, she managed to call out encouragement.

"You feel good baby. So good, do you like Mommy using you?"

"Yes."

"Do you want me to touch your dick..."

"Yes..."

"Beg!"

"Please Mommy, please touch my dick..."

Her hand wrapped around him, his body arching so she could use the leverage to fuck.

"You really turned yourself into a slut with that toy didn't you?"

"Yes Mommy!"

"Are you Mommy's slut now?"

"Yes, Mommy!"

"Tell me."
"I'm Mommy's slut!"

"Will you do anything I ask?" She stroked him faster. "Anything?"

"Anything, please, anything just keeping fucking me..."

"Get Daddy hard!" Mary said. "Go ahead, ask him..."

"Dad- Daddy," He managed. "Can I suck you?"

Martin moved quickly, standing crouched on the couch, positioning his still flacid penis in his son's face. He slowly allowed it to dangle in front of Brian, whose lips brushed back and forth against it from the force of his fucking. After a few seconds of teasing, Martin let it fall into his mouth. His son greedily sucking and fucking simulateously.

Martin imagined he had looked the same way in the dark all those years ago, so slutty, so vulgar, so sexy. Brian eyes were closed, his body completely surrendered to the lust, slurping up the lengthy limp dick in his mouth. Martin looked over and saw that Bethany had re-positioned herself to watch, tottering on her buttplug, using the floor to fuck herself. Loud, orgasmic screams bellowed out of her mouth over the whirring sound of the vibrator. Lost in observing his daughter masturbate, Martin absently grew in his son's mouth, his dick deep-throating his lust lost baby boy.

"Don't be left out," Mary said.

Bethany then moved behind her Mom, bending over, her tongue finding her ass. It darted around, teasing Mary, it's tip barely parting her smallest hole. She buried her face between her Mom's buttocks, devouring her derriere in another delightful display of lust. Mary maintained momentum for a solid minute, giving Brian brief tugs on his dick as she fucked him. Then Mary let out a gasp, needing a second to pause as the passion pulsed up either side. Her own gratification barely impacted Brian, who slobbered all over his father's cock, letting the momentum push his ass back onto his mother's dildo.

The family fucked together in a display of harmous unity. Mary orgasmed, the sensation of the strap on sliding inside pairing perfectly with the tingling tongue gulping at her backside. Beth worked herself into a frenzy, tasting her mother. Her hand waved the vibrator around her clit, the butt plug shoved into her own ass. She started pulling the toy a little more than halfway out, then sitting down on it once or twice to feel the full force of being fucked. Finally, it became too much and Bethany collapsed with her climax, her nose resting against Mary's ass.

With an audible pop, Mary pulled out of Brian's ass, joining her baby girl in laying down exhausted on the floor. Martin keeping pushing in and out of his son's mouth, shocked and pleasantly surprised at how willing Brian seemed to accept anything his dad desired. Martin slapped him across the lips with his shaft, ramming himself down his throat.

"Come here, it's my turn," Martin said. "Do you want this inside of you?"

"Yes..." Brian breathed out through the cock in his face.

"Yes what?" Martin said, mimicking Mary. "You need to tell what you want me to do."

"Please Daddy, fuck my ass like Momny did."

"Good boy, come over here." Martin said, withdrawing his dick.

He sat down on the couch, positioning Brian by the hips so that he sat down onto his giant cock. He spread his cheeks, trying to make room for the head peeking out from the foreskin. Though Martin could make out the gaping hole from where his wife fucked their boy, he missed his first effort. And Brian proved his the depths of his depravity, bearing down against his father's body. He bit his lip, embracing the pain, relaxing just enough to wriggle down on that dick.

"Oh God..." Brian whimpered.

"It will get better."

The rest of Martin slid quickly into his limp son, filling him fully. Blinding pain prevented any resistance from the boy. Then he had help from the women in his family. Seeing Brian bounced around like a ragdoll, moving up and down on Daddy's lap, Mary and Bethany rallied. They both went to their knees, alternating between sucking on Brian's cock and balls as Martin moved inside of him. In seconds, his flaccid, comparatively small penis again swelled to size.

He reached his down his hands, grasping his dad's legs, trying to fit more inside of him. Brian was tighter than even Bethany. His sphincter squeezed tight around every inch, trying already to milk out every drop of Daddy's cream.

"You're a faggot like your father."

"Yes sir..."

"God you feel so good Brian, you're such a good little slut."

Brian's eyes rolled back into his head as he bounced up and down, forgetting every inch of masculinity in this newfound joy at being penetrated. There was something so different about a real man inside of him. Something that clicked into place after years of pretending and posturing. He threw himself into the act, committing fully to being a sex toy for his father. He moaned loudly, screaming at times like Bethany as he sprang up and down.

But try as he might to fuck himself harder, he could still barely take his father. The best strokes came from the motions that made Brian question whether the intense sexual response was pain or pleasure. These came from his father pounding into him, his strong hands forcing him to take it when he thought it would be impossible to continue. Even with his cock inside his mother's loving mouth, his balls lapped up by his sister, the most unimaginable satisfaction came from being fucked.

"Fuck this is just so hot!" Bethany said.

"Do you like this Brian?" Mary asked.

"He loves it, "Martin said. "Tell them."

"I love it. I love being fucked!"

The words came out slowly, as though Brian was drunk on dick.

"Look on how much he can take," Bethany said. "Mom have you ever?"

"No, not in my ass," Mary said. "He's such a good boy. No he's such a good slut."

"I'm jealous," Bethany said.

The two stopped for a second, watching with fascination as father continued to fuck son. Then Bethany broke from her daze.

"Oh god this is too hot, I can't wait anymore," Bethany said. "Fuck me baby brother!"

With delicate care, she managed to climb onto of Brian's lap, easily fitting his cock into her overstimulated sex. Her lips spread apart, Brian passively driving into her pussy, fitting little more than half of himself inside. The angle was barely workable, and Brian could feel the protruding curve of the toy on the other side of his sister's pussy. She wrapped her hands around his neck, shoving her small breasts into his face. He was being fucked in two different ways, each submissive.

She couldn't quite fit every inch of her brother inside of her. With the butt plug still inserted he seemed so much bigger. Her body permeated with an intense passion. Her pussy clenched around the head of his cock, trying desperately to keep it in. He came out, only to feel a hand inserting him again. Martin then reached around, holding his daughter by the ass. He pushed harder into his son.

It was almost like the father was fucking them both. His thrusts permeated through two bodies, their bodies responding in uncontained, uncontrollable moans.

"God Brain fuck me. Fuck me!"

Brian could barely breathe, let alone speak.

"It's so hot watching you fuck Daddy. You're his little bitch just like me huh?"

The three of them worked together in tandem, moving slowly, Martin having to lead. He cautiously kept his cock from moving too quickly, letting his baby girl enjoy her brother's body. Two pairs of hands felt up her tits, tweaking her nipples, pulling their bodies close together as Bethany climaxed.

"Oh wow!"

She bounced off Brian's cock, cutting her orgasm short, leaving her demanding more. The intense sensation in her ass, unexplored and inexperience, demanded attention.

"Daddy, I want to know what Brian felt. Fuck me in the ass."

"Are you sure?" Martin said.

"And I want you to keep fucking me," Bethany said to her brother.

Father and son disconnected slowly, Brian letting out a deep breath as his Dad pulled out. Before he could react, Bethany pushed him down onto the sectional, coming after his body like an unbroken animal. One hand pinned down his effortless arms, the other reaching for his soaking organ, already aching and dripping pre-cum. Bethany pounced on her brother, inserting him easily into her. She reached around, twisting at the butt plug that refused to budge. She gave it another pull, then shuddered as she unearthed it from her eager ass.

Riding Brian, her Dad came behind her, pushing Bethany down, adjusting her ass to squeezed in between the two. Brian's cock and balls slapped against his father's as he continued ravaging his sister. His hands reached up, holding her tits, pulling her down onto his lap as Martin forced his closer to him. She lay forward on his chest, kissing him gently as Martin's dripping dickhead touched her gaping butthole. He was too aroused to practice much patience. Once aligned, he flung his body forward with too much energy, stuffing his daughter all at once.

"FUCK!"

"Are you okay?" Mary asked. "Does it hurt?"

"I'm so fucking full, both of you are like one huge dick!"

"Are you okay?" Her mother asked again.

"No, yes, god I don't know. I just need it."

Martin could feel his son on the other side of Bethany, his cock protruding ever so slightly as they both had their way with her. At first, both father and son couldn't managed to move much, and certainly not at the same time. Brian had the easy entrance at first, pounding into his sister as she moaned, giving her a chance to adjust to the big Daddy dick in her virgin hole.

Feeling himself shrinking a little, Martin started to move. Brian took a break, trying to stay as still as possible as Martin slowly moved inside of her. Her ass accepted more from him, adjusting to take it as he worked up a rhythm.

"Oh my God! Yes!"

"Does Daddy's dick feel good little girl?"

He was picking up the pace, not quite taking her in the same ravishing fashion as before, but certainly pressing her near the brink.

"I feel so used. Thank you, thank you both. I'm so close..."

"I want you to cum," Martin said. "I want you to cum from both of your holes. Used up in the sluttiest way a girl can be taken, fucked in every hole all at once..."

"God I'm cumming!" Bethany screamed. "It's so good. Keep fucking me! Please Daddy, keep fucking my ass!"

Inspired, Mary moved from rubbing Beth's breasts to crouching above her son's face. Slowly she squatted, lowering her lips down until Brian got the idea. He opened his mouth and start lapping tenderly at his mother's pussy. Bethany looked up from her orgasm induced coma and craned her neck, sitting up the best she could while balancing on both dicks. Mary saw the effort and angled herself down, letting her daughter's head rest on those bosomy breasts. With two dicks inside of her, Beth greedily latched again onto her mother's nipple.

Muffled by those voluptuous curves, her orgasmic cry went unheard except by her mother. Mary gently stroked her daughter's hair, whispering sweet nothings into her ear as both men renewed the loving depredation of her body. Her pussy and asshole swelled up tighter than ever, stretched out and yet squeezing hard against the twin intruders. Father and son competed for extra attention, uncontrolled, unleashed from any obligation. The moans melted into screams of pleasure and pain, the perfect metamorphosis of the two into a submissive state of helpless contentment.

Martin was the more aggressive, though not by much. Brian altered his focus from his own needs to his mother's, working his tongue all around her pussy. Mary reached down, the tips of her fingers brushing against her boy's cock as she played mercifully with Bethany's clit. Her girl slumped over again, convulsing in another unexpected and unheralded orgasm, her neck losing control over the muscles that kept it up.
"It's too much, it's too much..."

"Do you want us to stop?" Martin managed, pausing on the brink of orgasm.

"No please don't stop. Just use me! No matter what I say, don't stop!"

"Oh god..." Mary whispered.

Mary shook with her own pleasure. Her hand propped up her baby girl's head, forcing her to stay in one position, almost biting down on her nipples as she riveted back and forth on Brian mouth.

Brian couldn't last long.

Neither of the men could.

"I want to be filled. I want to be bred with your cum. Please..."

Brian reacted to her shout almost as a command. The head of his dick started to twitch. His desperate dick shot up into his sister's desperate cunt, adding his cream to her wicked body. Even as he shot rope after rope inside of her, he kept pumping up into her, faster than before, trying to shake out the last drop.

He made to move, trapped underneath the weight of his family, when he heard his sister.

"Oh god, I can feel my brother's cum inside of me. No, no please try and stay in, stay in until..."

She lost her breath, her body again experiencing another climax. With the insatiable abilities of an undersexed teenage boy, his dick kept its stamina. He pushed back against it's retreat, staying hard long enough for Martin to near his end.

"Please finish Daddy," Bethany begged quietly. "I need it so bad."

"I'm going to cum..." He managed between breaths.

"That's it, cum in me Daddy. I want my whole family to have used me."

"I'm close..."

She let out a wail, clearly more pain than pleasure.

"Just finish Daddy... finish..."

She smiled as his warm seed spread inside her tight little hole. On both ends, her body leaked out against each cock, letting loose the seeping start of twin creampies. Bethany took a deep breath, suddenly all too aware of the uncomfortably large dicks in each of her ends. Her feat accomplished, she climbed up, using her mother's breasts to steady herself.

As she stood, a nearly biblical flood of cum dripped down onto her brother's cock, covering him with the steamy end of their sex. Brian hand moved again to his prick, desperate for another cum. He didn't need to lift a finger. Martin went to work, swallowing the cum covered cock in one motion. He was joined by his girls, they each took turns sucking until Brian shot another load into his mother's mouth.

"Wow..." Mary said as they stood.

She hadn't swallowed it all, letting the last few blasts spray her face. Though Mary wore the most recent traces on her face, everyone had been covered in a wet, sticky mess of their own indulgence.

"Let me help you with that..." Bethany said,.

Her mouth met her Mom's, letting her tongue lap up the cum remaining on her chin before reaching down to her breasts. With one finger, she curled it across the cum she had missed on one cheek, letting the digit slide into her mouth with a seductive lick.

"I hope there's more where that came from," Bethany said, giving her brother a slap on the ass.

"I'm sure there is," Mary laughed.

There was a brief pause. Brian lay exhausted on the couch. The women kissed again, taking joy in savoring the seed spread across their bodies.

Martin stood up to stretch, then stared in shock, seeing what the rest of his family was too preoccupied to notice. He froze, unable to speak, looking blankly at the far end of the room.

But no one noticed.

Mary broke away from her daughter's embrace, speaking almost shyly. She pointed at the cum dripping down Bethany's legs from both sides.

"Maybe I can help you clean up," her mom said. "Maybe using the same method."

"Oh god Mom, give me a minute to recharge, and then we'll see."

Then another voice called out, resonating across the parlor room, announcing with its austerity that the Bloom family had not been alone. And yet, it's command was not a condemnation or reproach. The voice came out melodiously, almost cheerfully as it clamored across the main room.

"Perhaps we will all have a chance to see the Bloom family again later," Dr. Proctor said, brushing off the awkward scene in front of a half dozen stupefied guests. "I guess some sexual proclivities do run in the family."

Mortified, the family tried to cover themselves. Martin hiding his cock with his hands, Mary grabbing the nearest pillow.

"Please accept my apologies," Aiko Proctor said, bowing. "A medical emergency on the island distracted me from my obligations and I did not remind the Bloom's of our visit to their home."

"But for now," Proctor added gracefully, leading the group away. "I would invite you to see the library where Liam Bloom cultivated a collection of books and oddities..."

And as they walked away from the family, bare ass naked and blushing, Mary heard a few of the men talking.

"Did you see the hooters on the mother..."

"And the daughter... Do you think she'd believe I was her cousin?"

"Fuck off Samuel!"
"If my mom looked like that..."

"If our mom's looked like that, they'd need to build another penthouse."

Despite it all, Mary beamed, listening to the compliments as the family scurried away.

"What did they call this place again?"

"The islanders call it Liam's Cove."

"It's more like Lot's Cove."

The rest let out a laugh.

"It's cute, clever, and more subtle than the obvious,"

"What's the obvious?"

A last voice rang out.

"Incest Island."

Afterword: Thank you for reading, I know it was a long journey. This is a contest piece, so please vote. If you enjoyed the story, please comment or message me. Your feedback has been the inspiration to continue stories in the Incest Island series.