
Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 1
Mail Bottom
Chapter 1
Posted: 2/2/2019, 4:41:13 AM
Updated: 3/7/2019, 8:36:28 PM

In my family, my uncle had always been an enigma. I was told during the Depression, while still a teenager, he had left home and “went on his own”. His rare reappearances, at family funerals and my parent’s marriage were always unexpected. In the pictures of my parents’ wedding, he was fashionably dressed and looked very aristocratic. It was at my mother’s funeral, his sister, that I had first met him. I was eighteen then and with her death I was all that remained of his immediate family. He questioned me regarding my academic status and he had knowledge of my accomplishments in sports. He approved of my plans to pursue a career in business. I had told him I had applied to several schools including Harvard. He informed me of some connections in Cambridge and that he could “make some calls” to possibly speed the process.

Several weeks later I received my acceptance letter from Harvard. He called to congratulate me and said he would provide an allowance while I was at school. My uncle said it was to be for my mother’s memory. This generous income ensured I never lacked for money during the school years. I didn’t see him at the graduation. But, later at the fraternity I found keys to a late-model sports car, clipped to his card in my mailbox. My new car was parked in the street.

I called and profusely thanked him. He laughed and told me to come visit him in New York City. He said he needed to go overseas for a period of time and needed someone to oversee his townhouse. I agreed as I had not made any concrete summer plans. I had a great deal of curiosity regarding my uncle’s life.

It was 1955 and a New England brisk Spring morning. The warm sun hinted at the approaching Summer. Driving south from Boston to New York City I couldn’t resist having the top down. I pushed the new Mercedes 190SEL to the southbound highway’s limits.

Both my parents had been casualties of the war. First, my father had been lost in one of the first B-24 bombing runs over Germany. His body was never recovered. My mother mourned herself to the grave. Her grief was so profound that her will to go on slipped away after the war years. She had been unable to cope in a world without my dad. I had come home from school and found her curled in her bed. I thought she was sleeping until I touched her cold arm. Then I noticed the empty pill bottle on the floor.

There were no sad memories to dwell on today. This spring day was full of endless promise. New vistas were just over the horizon.

It was mid-afternoon when I reached the city and it took another hour to locate the address. It was on a corner in the Upper East Side. The building itself was a brick four story that blended in with the other adjoining structures on the block. The small brass plate on the door read THE MANHATTAN CLUB and then below in smaller print, A GENTLEMEN’S SOCIETY.

I knocked on the the door. A small slot slid open at eye level and two eyes peered out. I held up my uncle’s card. The door opened and the largest man I had ever seen opened the door. The fitted tuxedo he wore didn’t match his fight-battered head. He had cauliflower ears and a nose which had been flattened to his face. He smiled revealing a gap in his front teeth. “Come in. Come in. We “wuz ‘spectin youse” he said with a deep rasp.

He led me across the small lobby and unlocked a inner door.”Dis” room “wuz” built during “probisson”” he informed me.

I entered a dimly lit vast open space. Rows of dimly lit crystal chandeliers receded into the depths of the room. Faint atolls of light showed tables and chairs, A dark carved wood bar was to my right. There was a low murmur of voices. I inhaled an aromatic mixture of tobacco smoke and aged leather. The faint snick of a billiard ball broke the quiet stillness.

I walked across the room to the bar. Several well-dressed men at the corner of the bar acknowledged me. One lifted a glass. I nodded back. I was conscious of my garish Hawaiian shirt which hung loose over my worn khakis. I wished I had worn my suit.

The bartender leaned over the bar and smiled, “The Prince has finally arrived!” He reached under the bar and pressed a release.

“There you go Sir. Take that lift straight up” A door sized panel had opened in the wall past the end of the bar.

He motioned for me to proceed, “You’re expected.”

The elevator rose and I counted three floors. The doors slid open to a tiled foyer. A white haired, distinguished butler was waiting. “Master Jeremy how good to meet you. My name is Jameson,” He was very British. He held out his hand and I shook it.

“Your uncle is occupied at the moment. He has asked me to make you comfortable,” The butler led me to what he called the sitting room.

It reminded me of a high class lobby of a hotel. Sunlit bay windows lined the wall. Plush furniture had been arranged around the deep plush carpeted room. There was a huge television set at the far end of the room. I walked to a bay window and looked out at Central Park.

“Can I get you a refreshment Sir?” Jameson asked.

I turned to him and said black coffee would be fine. He returned with a cup and saucer on a silver tray. I sipped at the coffee and watched the traffic below as the sun set over the city.

Jameson returned announcing. “The master will see you now Sir,”

Jameson led me across the hallway to a richly furnished room. The room was dominated by a massive stone fireplace. Bookcases lined the other paneled walls.

My uncle was seated in a leather chair by the hearth. He rose to greet me. We hugged and he warmly expressed how good it was to see me. He was pleased with my accomplishments. He said he knew my parents would have been proud of me.

We sat by the fire, drank fine whiskey and talked for several hours. We discussed the last war, my parents, Harvard and the impending cold war. I was fascinated to hear another worldview, which was diametrically opposed to what I had read in the paper. He refilled our glasses and told me he needed help from me. He had pressing business in Hong Kong. He needed me to stay at the townhouse and oversee his domestic concerns. I modestly told him I had little actual business acumen, but he waved my protestations aside. He told me it was all very simple. He smiled and said I would find my stay rewarding.

He began telling some of his history. He said at the end of the war he had been with an Allied Forces advanced recon team that had been the first to enter Buchenwald, the notorious Nazi concentration camp.

He rose and used a poker to stir the burning logs.

“While searching the SS Officers’ quarters I came across a young girl, chained by the ankle, in the commandant’s bedroom. She was one of the prettiest children I have ever seen. She, along with her family, had been deported from Italy. They were Jewish you see,” he said turning to look at me.

“Her family were dead by that time, along with hundreds of thousands of others,” he added soberly. “Evidently the camp’s oberfuhrer had been taken with her extraordinary beauty and had pulled her from a group of girl prisoners. She was only nine,” he added.

“He kept her safe and unabused in his compartments for nearly a year. He probably had plans to groom her as a future mistress,” he mused.

He sat down.

“I used my various connections and got her out of Europe and brought her back here to the States. The situation in Italy was utter chaos at that time. Since then I have had reputable sources look for any family left there. She is most definitely an orphan. She has lived with me in this house these past years,” he said.

“Her war experiences left her traumatized. I have had one the best psychologists in the city here to treat her. She no longer suffers from nightmares. But, we were unable to cure her anxiety regarding leaving this building. It has become a safe refuge for her. Crowds of unfamiliar faces and the loud noises of the city panic her.” He said.

“It has been very important to me that she would get the best of culture and education,’ he stated.

“I have had private tutors come here. She has been educated to a college scholar’s standing,” he said proudly.

He paused in thought

“She has a uncommonly brilliant mind,” he added.

“Now Jeremy what I have to say now may offend your modern sensibilities,” he sat back in the chair and looked at the fire.

“I am a man of particular old world tastes. I don’t belong in this modern age. I believe that if a man has the power to rule his world than he should do it by all means. To rule with all the fierceness and will he possesses,” his voice rose and had grown passionate.

He turned to look at me, “I had her come to my bed when she was thirteen.”

He watched my face and when I didn’t react he sat back.

“You know it wasn’t until the past few centuries that a girl her age wasn’t considered marriageable in most civilized cultures. I bear no remorse or guilt for my actions.”

I had been silently taken aback at his words. I hadn’t imagined my beloved uncle as a man capable of a molesting a child. I decided to listen more and withhold my judgment.

“Along with her formal education, I have also had her trained in ways society wouldn’t approve. I have had specialized teachers to come here and educate her in special skills.

“She completely belongs to me, Jeremy. Understand me when I say belong. I mean own as a possession,” he said flatly.

“She has been trained to serve me and bring me pleasure,”

“She understands and accepts this relationship.”

He paused.”Well until recently. She turned seventeen this year and has become rebellious. It is maddening, but she can also be exhilarating,” he smiled.

He looked at the now empty decanter on the table between us.

“Let me introduce you to Leah,” he said.

Next to his chair a tasseled cord dangled from the ceiling. He reached over and pulled it. I heard a faint bell.

“One for Leah. Two for Jameson” he informed me.

I heard a distant chime. Minutes passed and no one came.

“Leah has been apprehensive since she heard of your arrival,” my uncle commented.

He leaned forward to the coffee table at our feet. He used a key to unlock a cabinet under the top.

He raised his voice, directing it toward a closed side door. “I do have another way to fetch her”.

“No!” A female voice protested from behind the closed door.

My uncle shook his head. “I apologize. She is not happy with my new choice of dress for her introduction to you. She felt she should dress formally. I maintained she would dress in a manner reflecting her position. I recently had to implement a crude means of enforcing my expectations”.

He fully opened the cabinet door and motioned for me to come closer. I leaned forward in my chair. Hidden within was a blinking electronic apparatus.

“This equipment was made for me by a former German scientist now working for the US government rocket program. He felt he owed me his life,” my uncle added.

He flicked a toggle switch and there was an immediate electronic hum, the panel glowed and several glass enclosed needles pegged across clock-like dials then settled at different readings.

“This controls the amount of voltage,” he instructed. He turned a large knurled knob and the hum changed tone as the meter’s needles flicked across the dials.

“This entire building is enclosed in an electronic field,” he waved his hand around.

I was puzzled by where this was all going, but I nodded as if I understood.

“This button releases the shock. This is low level,” he said simply as he pressed a red button.

Immediately there was a high-pitched squeal from the other room.

“Leah, come ... now” my uncle said sternly.

I was taken aback by the appearance of a beautiful young woman emerging from the hall. Her dark green eyes glared angrily at my uncle as she vigorously crossed the floor to stand before us. I just gawked. She was the most stunning girl I had ever seen.

She was dressed in a classic French maid’s uniform tailored to her body and my uncle’s tastes. The uniform was cut in a fashion that any housekeeping duties beyond the bedroom impossible. The tightly laced and ribbed corset amply displayed her large youthfully firm breasts. The frilly lace decollete across the deep cleavage only just covered the brown of her aureoles. Lacy garters attached to her black fishnet stockings were visible at the hem of her very short silk skirt. In her high heels she stood at about five feet, four inches.

She had the smooth olive complexion of the Mediterranean. The incongruity of the thick leather collar on her neck stuck me immediately. It was out of place with her fine features and the thick mane of dark curly hair falling about her shoulders.

She stood with defiance under my frank appraisal. She had attempted to tug her skirt down. It had ridden up her thighs as she flew into the room. She only succeeded in pulling the small uniform down to reveal more of her bosom. She stood before us with hands clenched at her sides. Her green eyes smoldered.

“That collar you see delivers a sharp shock,” My uncle pointed to her neck.

“Leah, this is Jeremy,” My uncle spoke in a mannered tone. “He is to be the master of the house while I am away.”

Leah glared at my uncle. She shook the thick mass of curls slowly in a negative way.

“Leah ... recall our earlier discussion,” My uncle stated firmly.

The two exchanged eye signals. She broke her eyes from him and looked at the floor. Shaking her head she took a deep breath. She turned in my direction and carefully bent one knee. She inclined her head and upper body toward me.

“Welcome. Sir,” she said slowly, separating the words. I could discern a slight hint of the Mediterranean in her voice.

I started to reply, but my uncle held up his hand. “Leah has been taught the proper way for a servant girl to greet men guests. But I am afraid we so rarely have company. She forgets her lessons. I shall have to remind her as she has been warned,” he said causally.

He reached down to the cabinet.

“No!” she said sharply.

She looked at him in exasperation. She then slowly lowered herself to her knees before me. She did this in a tightly controlled manner, so as to not spill out of the uniform. As she knelt I was awarded a lovely glimpse of slender upper thigh as her short skirt rose. I looked down at her. Her eyes were lowered.

She grasped her hands in her lap.

Large green eyes came up to mine. She fully acknowledged me.

“Welcome, Master Jeremy” she said properly. “How may this girl serve you?”

My mind whirled and I had no immediate reply.

My uncle instructed her to refill the brandy decanter.

Again she modestly attempted to minimize the display of her lush figure as she placed her hands to the floor, shifted her legs and arose at an angle. The short uniform defeated her efforts.

I watched her walk across the room to the bar. She had a lovely backside. The elevated heels caused her hips to roll in an unavoidably provocative fashion. She repeatedly tugged at the short skirt.

“It is impossible for her to remove the collar without the key, which is locked away, of course. Hopefully, in my absence you will not need to shock her. But use it without qualm if Leah is disobedient. She will respond immediately,” my uncle observed.

Leah came back to stand before us with the decanter on a tray. She stared above us. Her face was fiery. Having my uncle talk about her as if she was not there was humiliating.

“Leah you will do this as you have been trained” my uncle spoke sharply.

The lovely girl paused to collect her temper. She closed her eyes. She exhaled and bent forward from her waist presenting the tray to me. Her position caused her breasts to strain outward and nearly spill from the top of the uniform. The full cleavage was presented as an offering above the tray. She was close enough I could smell her light perfume. I recognized this act was designed to be a tempting presentation of her. I considered myself a consummate gentleman and refrained from gawking. Despite this, as I grasped the decanter I impulsively and boorishly brushed my fingers across the smooth olive skin of a proffered breast.

She inhaled slightly at my overly-familiar touch and her eyes came up to mine. Our eyes locked. She was silently outraged. I took the decanter and poured whiskey in my glass.

As I returned the decanter I again stroked her breast. She closed her eyes and endured it.

She did not look up. Bowing she stepped back from me.

I swirled the whiskey about the glass. I tasted it. “Exquisite,” I said looking at her.

She gave me a quick venomous glance as she turned to my uncle. She performed the same serving maneuver for him. Her position caused her skirt to rise over her bottom revealing the full length of her legs, garters and tiny lace panties.

“Exquisite,” I repeated watching the display.

As Leah rose from serving him, my uncle told her to get her pillow. She went to a side boy and took out a small tousled frilly pillow. She carried it to the floor by his feet. With another unfriendly peek at me, she lowered herself demurely to her knees. She folded her hands in her lap and rested primly on her heels. She stared up at my uncle plainly ignoring me.

My uncle and I continued to talk. I was reconsidering my opinion of him after tonight’s events. I guessed his age as in his late forties. He was tanned, lean and looked vigorously fit. He was very serious man. Leah was a stunning creature and I could understand his desire to posses her. Any man would. I decided I would not judge him.

I had attempted to turn our talk toward the mysteries of his life. He was not forthcoming in this regard, but adroitly dodged my queries. The conversation invariably returned to me. I was being interviewed.

We discussed my parents. When relating a childhood memory of my mother, he noticed his fond recollection was causing me grief. There was a pause and we both sat and stared at the fire. He was politely silent as he packed his pipe. I composed myself.

He said. “I loved her also Jeremy”.

“Would you like to have a smoke, Jeremy?” he asked, changing the subject.

He turned to Leah and told her to bring the cigar humidor. She rose demurely.

She carried the heavy wood canister to him, my uncle waved his hand to serve me. She came before me and again bent forward to expose her full bosom. She lifted the hinged lid to rest between her breasts revealing an array of cigars.

“Cigar, Master Jeremy?” she murmured.

I picked a large Cuban make I recognized as an Upmann. I rotated the leaf-wrapped cigar at a loss to how to prepare it. My uncle spoke. “She will do it for you Jeremy,” he said encouragingly.

I shrugged and held it out to her. She set down the humidor and took the cigar. Using a knife she expertly cut off an end. Holding the cigar to her mouth she rolled it between her pursed lips to smooth the rough edges. Then in a very businesslike manner, she extended her tongue around the tip. I had a sudden image of that tongue and full lips performing fellatio in the same manner. I inadvertently smiled. She saw my face. I had an intuition she knew exactly what I was thinking.

My uncle spoke. “She is well trained in all her duties,” he said using an old Zippo lighter to re-lite his pipe.

I turned to see if he was implying a deeper subtext, but his expression was deadpan as he sat back in his chair. He blew out a cloud of smoke.

She used her fingernail to strike a wooden match. She let the match burn below the sulfur and lit the cigar. She drew on it, developing a perfect cherry glow on the tip. She exhaled away from me. Her eyes came up to mine and locked for a long moment of frank consideration. She bowed, offering the cigar to me. I took it from her fingers.

She carried the humidor back to the shelf. She returned to kneel at my uncle’s side. He laid a hand possessively on her head and gently ran his fingers through her curls.

“Before this evening ends we need to discuss Leah,” he announced. He brushed the hair back from the side of her face. She regarded him.

“I want you to interact with Leah. She has been shut up in this penthouse for too many years. I want her to be with a man her own age.

“Also in return, Jeremy, I want you to benefit from this time. I want you to understand the control of a woman. The ability to master a female needs to be learned. It is what makes a real man. This 20th world has few models to emulate,” he added as an afterthought.

“I want you to learn your own destiny. The template is here.” He indicated Leah and the whole room.

“Perhaps you lack the strength, will or desire, we shall see. But I want you to taste true power. If you find it doesn’t fit you. Than we will both know.

“Now in regards to Leah. I have instructed her in my absence to obey you as she does me. You are the master of this house. You may find the practical application of this may be a challenge. I will leave you to your own wits and devices in the matter.”

He smiled as he turned to her. “I think initially you will find Leah’s temperament daunting, but I have discovered that in the deepest core of her soul she yearns to be conquered.”

Leah was visibly agitated as my uncle discussed her this way. She restrained herself. Bowing her head she stared at the floor.

My uncle lifted her chin so they were eye to eye. “Leah, I will repeat this once more so there is absolutely no misunderstanding. Jeremy is the master of the house in all matters while I am away. You will serve him and you will obey his command. You understand and accept this?”

There was a pause as the two stared at each other. She nodded.

“Now tell Jeremy you understand,” he told her. He used his hand to turn her chin gently towards me.

She would not meet my eye.

“I will obey you.” She whispered looking above my head.

I had drunk more whiskey than I was accustomed too. It was astonishing I was being given this very beautiful desirable girl. Perhaps because of the drink I was readily accepting this confounding proposition. Perhaps it was I wanted Leah the moment I first saw her, sober or not.

“Now that this is settled, one last thing,” My uncle rose and went to a bookcase. He reached behind a shelf and pulled a release. A section of the bookcase slid forward and opened.

He flicked a light switch and beckoned for me to see.

I stood and followed him into the next room.

“During prohibition this room was used to hide barrels of whiskey,” he commented as we entered.

It was a small windowless brick-walled room. There was a waist high, iron cage centered on the floor. An array of leather paddles and various sized whips hung on the wall.

My uncle taped his pipe stem on the iron cage.

“Leah has spent time in this. I find it helps her to meditate on proper obedience in periods of rebelliousness.” he commented.

He took a bullwhip from the wall. Whirling his hand over his head he made the whip crack like the retort of a pistol.

I looked through the open door. Leah was watching us from the other room.

“She has a tolerance for pain. If she needs punished, do it. However I would start with discernment until you can judge and apply proper employment of the tools here. She is too exquisitely precious to damage permanently.

“If she does anger you. Before you use a whip or paddle let her dangle in these a bit,” He clutched a chained manacle hanging from the ceiling and shook it.

“Take a few breathes, enjoy her restraint and fear of being punished. Then show her whom her Master is.”

He shifted his focus to look at her in the other room. She had turned away.

“I have a long day of travel tomorrow” he said.

We walked back into the study. He took Leah’s hand and she rose to her feet.

“Leah and I shall now retire. Pull the cord twice and Jameson will come and guide you you to the guest quarters. He has already had your car parked in the garage and your suitcase brought up”

He looked at my shirt and pants. “First thing tomorrow I want you go to my tailor”

He led Leah by the hand from the room. She didn’t look my way.
Chapter 2 »
Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 2
Chapter 1 Mail Bottom
Chapter 2
Posted: 2/4/2019, 6:40:21 AM
Updated: 3/8/2019, 8:21:34 PM

I arose at mid-morning with a lingering hangover. After a shower I followed the scent of frying bacon to the kitchen. I was greeted by a rotund and jovial cook, who hearing the shower had started preparing breakfast. She related my uncle had departed before dawn. She detailed the daily operation of the kitchen. She would be in twice a day to prepare breakfast and dinner. I would need to tell her in advance if I were expecting a lunch. She showed me the phone to call in special orders from the staff kitchen downstairs and the location of the dumbwaiter. She asked what I liked to eat. She promised meals “just like home.”

After breakfast, carrying a mug of coffee, I toured my new home in the daylight. I followed the sound of voices and came across a small gymnasium. Leah was poised, legs spread, across a set of elevated parallel bars. Her arms curled gracefully above her head. An angular blonde circled the apparatus watching her closely. The woman barked a guttural command. Leah swung forward in a flip, clearing the bars to land, legs spread, on the floor mat. She brought her hands above her head in completion. The woman standing above her looked over at me. She wore a white loosely-fitted tunic-like blouse and baggy knee-length shorts. There was a black sash tied around her waist. She strode to me. She introduced herself as Ingrid and held out her hand. We shook and took the other’s measure. She started squeezing my hand hard, testing me. I squeezed her back. I had spent long hours rowing on the Charles River and had an iron grip. She curled her lip and winced. She jerked her arm and I released her hand. She was icily beautiful, but in a hard-featured way I found unappealing.

I noticed a rider’s crop dangling on a thong from her left wrist.

She told me she was Leah’s trainer and that her job was to keep her charge in a superb physical condition. I couldn’t place her accent, possibly Slavic or Russian. Ingrid stated since Leah was both a Jewess and an Italian she was naturally lazy and sly. Her task was to instill in Leah “proper discipline” for a young girl. She absently swung the crop against her leg as we talked.

Leah continued her exercise regimen. She was doing a series of aerobatic lifting maneuvers on the parallel bars. She made a fumbling movement as she lifted her legs above her head. Ingrid’s head jerked toward her. She screamed in what I recognized as Russian. Leah finished the exercise, flowing into gracefully extended spread position on the mat. Ingrid bounded over to her and snapped the crop on the mat. Leah jerked in reaction to the sharp retort and glanced at me.

I leaned against the wall and continued to observe. Leah was in amazing physical condition. Her rounded curves were misleading. She was a tightly muscled lithe specimen of female dynamic prowess.

I watched Ingrid’s growing agitation with Leah. Leah had made several imperceptible to me, errors during a ballet stretching routine. Leah caught my eye, aware of my appreciative scrutiny. She was unable to fully relax her extended leg to complete a leg split on a mirrored wall rail. The leotard stretched on her breasts and ass in a way making it impossible for me not to grin. Ingrid squatted behind Leah and said that my attention was distracting her pupil. I laughed in agreement and left.

I went into the city, to my uncle’s tailor, that morning. He was expecting me. He suggested some evening wear and some casual linen shirts and pants. He said also a gentleman needed dinner jackets. I left with some items off the rack. A closet of tailored clothes would be delivered within the week.

I returned to the townhouse. Leah wasn’t in the dining room for the the lunch I had requested. There was an extra setting on the table.

I sat by myself and ate. Afterwards I explored the back hallway I had seen off the kitchen. The narrow nondescript corridor led to what had been back in the day, the live-in servants quarters. Two rooms were vacant. The third was evidently Jameson’s. I saw a pressed butler’s uniform hanging by the door. The fourth door was closed. I heard familiar jazz music coming from within the room. I listened, recognizing the artist. I knocked on the door and the music volume immediately rose responsively. I lifted my knuckles to knock again, but said the hell with it. I went back to the study, found a book and read. Later I watched TV and decided I wasn’t in the mood for the Micky Mouse Club.

I decided to venture to the club downstairs.

Just after five o’clock the main floor was already raucous. I sat down at the bar and had a beer. I turned in the swivel seat watching the goings on. At a table, a short distance from the bar, an older well dressed man had pulled a gigging waitress to his lap. He had his hand under her short skirt. She had her arms over his shoulders. He was pinching her ass with his fingers as she wiggled on his lap.

The girls working the room were dressed in what I could only describe as erotic cocktail waitress style, wearing tight low cut tops with frilly short skirts. They wore heels, fishnet stockings and garters.

In the center of the room there was a spotlighted, round circular stage. Three girls where doing a joined-arm Rockettes style kicking routine. They didn’t have underwear. As I watched a guy stood and grabbed a girl off the stage. She disappeared into a group of men. I heard female squealing and saw one of her white legs flutter above the huddled men.

“You probably haven’t been filled in on this place have you?” the bartender spoke behind me.

I turned to face him.

“All the girls you see are available. If you notice, there ain’t no wives in here. This is a man’s club like the sign says. The girls get well paid off the top. Tipping them for special favors is also expected”.

“We got all kinds that work here, we got chorus girls from Broadway, secretaries, school teachers, co-eds,” he pointed. “Couple housewives and society girls. You name the type we prolly seen ‘em. “What I am saying you ain’t going to find any whores from the street in this place,” he explained.

“There’s rooms right upstairs. Your case you could just take one that caught your fancy up to the penthouse. Your uncle left a open tab and it covers all expenses,”

He continued,”House protocol is if the girl is wearing one of those little ribbons and a bow on her wrist, she is claimed for the night.”

“Also there is a unwritten decorum about how far things can go on the floor here,” he was looking away from me. I followed his gaze.

The older gentleman I had observed earlier had pulled down the waitress’s bodice and was nuzzling her pert bare breasts. She was laughing as she held her torso to his face.

“It can get a little rowdy in here on Friday nights. The men like to let off steam. Some of the real rich ones are given a lot of extra space,” he commented as we watched.

I looked around the room. There was a completely naked girl in heels standing with a group of men at the far end of the bar. I knew her. She was a well known, famously blonde Hollywood actress. She played the parts of the sexy girl that was always comically dense. There was a gold chain circling her neck. The chain links fell down between her perfect breasts and looped up to the man’s hand she was leaning against. I knew him too. He was a renowned and very well regarded US Senator.

The bartender leaned forward and said quietly, “Always good to just keep your eyes moving around and not get stuck,’ he advised.

A platinum blonde plopped down on the seat next to me. She put her elbow on the bar resting her head to look at me.

“So you’re the new king of New York City. Pretty young aren’t you? She sipped on a glass of bubbly champagne.

She was cute with a pert nose. I thought the heavy red lipstick she wore was too garish for her refined features. She looked like the kind of girl I knew from the blue blood prestige sororities back at school.

“How is it working out with the captive princess up there?” she giggled.

She sat her glass down and leaned forward. “You see Leah, you tell her friend Mary misses her. OK?” She said earnestly.

An older, rubenesque proportioned woman in a floor length, sparkling, sequined gown approached us. She placed her hand on Mary’s arm.

“Mary just run along now. Mr. Jeremy just arrived and needs to catch his breath,” she said.

Mary turned and looked at her.

“I was just being friendly Marge,” she pouted.

Mary picked up her champagne glass, leaned forward and whispered hotly in my ear, “I can suck a whole banana out of the peel in one piece”

She leaned back to see my expression.

She swung around and provocatively swinging her ass walked away. A distinguished man who looked like he could be a judge slapped her ass. She swung around and dropped in his lap. She looked at me and winked.

The lady in the gown ran her eyes over me.

“You’re a big one aren’t you?” She placed her hand on my shoulder as she looked at my chest. “You played football back at college?

“I played rugby and was on the rowing team,” I answered.

“Maybe if you like we will have to let Bertie the door man train you in the big gym upstairs. I do like a muscular man. I guess I am just a old fashioned girl who dreams about being carried off by a big brute captor, “ she mused.

She ran her hand down my arm and squeezed my bicep.

“I am Marge and run this place” her eyes scanned the room.

“Your uncle told me you were coming” she looked at me. “Me and him go way back,” Marge looked forward at her reflection in the bar mirror. “You know I was seventeen and dancing at the Follies when I got a job here. I was a real looker back in the day”.

“I was here when he brought Leah home. She was just like a beautiful broken doll.”

She lit a cigarette.

“I used to be upstairs at the townhouse a lot back then. I was with her most everyday. I tried to be like a mother to her,” she blew out smoke.

“Later I was the mother who found special girls to join her in your uncle’s bed,” she shrugged her shoulders. “Your uncle wanted her to learn talents that don’t just come natural to a young girl,” she looked at me.

“I had went against him back then when he decided it was time for her to be bedded. She was just a kid. Her body was certainly ready, but the inside of her head wasn’t. Anyway,” she paused to exhale. “She did take to fucking like a duck takes to water”.

“Your uncle never really forgave me for crossing him over Leah. He doesn’t like a woman to speak her piece”.

“You’ve talked much to Leah?” she asked looking at my eyes.

I nodded.

“I can imagine how that went,” She tapped her cigarette in a ashtray.

“He left you in charge didn’t he?” She said inquiringly.

I nodded.

She made a slight smile. “Leah is not fully agreeable on that arrangement, I imagine. I do know that girl”.

“Look I am going to give you some advice. Leah has been kept in this building most of her life. It is all she knows. Become her friend. She yearns to know about what it is like for other girls her age out there. Being young and free. Start with that,” she snubbed out her cigarette.

She studied me.

“Now if you take after your uncle and expect much more. For her to be for you, like she for him. You need to work all that out on your own. Some things need to be learned and there isn’t any manual written for it. A man needs to understand himself to be that kind of hard man”.

“I will say something that isn’t my business,” she looked me in the eye. “That Ingrid that your uncle has coming here is trouble. I have crossed paths with that one before. She is a what they call on the street a bull dyke. I don’t have a problem with homosexuals. I look for girls who like to do both ways. Some of the men here like having a couple girls in a bed for that”.

She continued, “I had a girl here few years ago. Lydia was her name. Real sweet. Very special,” Marge’s voice grew angry. “Well she stopped coming to work one day. A couple weeks passed and I hear that Ingrid had her”.

She paused.

“What ever that bitch did to her, she wrecked her. Then when that damned cunt Ingrid got bored with her she threw her out. I heard my sweet Lydia was wandering around down by docks and I had her found. She was nearly dead and hooked on heroin. We got her cleaned up, but there wasn’t anything there that was sweet anymore. I had her moved upstate. Some nuns at a convent I send money to, took her in.”

“I check on her. The Mother Superior says she is a quiet, humble bride of the Lord”.

Her voice became tight, “Watch that Ingrid. She is a evil bitch. I wouldn’t trust her an inch”.

“I have said enough on that,” She got another cigarette out of the pack.

“Some clients in the back room have asked for you to join them in a poker game.” she motioned across the room. “If you are interested, the game rooms are through those double doors,” she pointed.

I had played a lot of poker in college and it struck me as a fine idea.

It was after midnight when I pulled my respectable winnings from the table and said goodnight. The main floor had quieted and I went upstairs to my bed.

The next morning after breakfast I visited the arboretum on the roof. Jameson had told me I must visit it. I took the circular staircase up from the main room and entered a large glass enclosed oasis in the middle of the city. It was full of large tropical plants and flowers. The air was warm and humid. I followed a tiled path and came to central open area. There was a small pool and a large sculpted marble fountain. It was an intricately carved scene of a flowing bacchanalian orgy. Large satyrs chased finely detailed, naked nymphs around the fountain. The goat legged satyrs all possessed an over-sized phallus from which the streams of water flowed.

“You like that, I bet’” a female voice spoke from the other-side of the fountain.

I walked around the edge of the pool.

Leah was reclining in one of the wicker chairs grouped around the space. She had a open book in her lap. She had a pair of reading glasses perched on her nose. She looked at me over the glasses.

“This is my private study time” she warned me apprehensively as I approached.

“Don’t mind me,” I replied.

I looked around. I squatted to run my hand in the water.

“Warm’” I commented.

She had on a over-sized baggy sweatshirt and her legs were bare. It said YALE across the rise of her breasts She considered me.

“You know you should leave this place. We don’t want you here. I don’t care what your uncle told you about it how it would be. You are just not needed here,” She informed me.

I splashed the water with my hand. I looked at her.

“Well he was pretty insistent I stay,” I replied. “I do like it here”

I stood and sat in a chair next to her.

“I know the other night wasn’t what you wanted. It wasn’t hard to see my uncle put you in a very difficult situation. I know you were very humiliated,” I said.

“Oh yeah you just hated it!” she slammed her book closed. “I saw your eyes. They were all over me. You were mighty free with your hands too. I bet seeing me like that really excited you!”

“You are a beautiful girl Leah” I said. “Any guy in the world would see that”.

She took her glasses off and looked at me.

“If you are going to stay here I want you understand the way it is going to be. No matter what your uncle said, I am not part of the living arrangements. I didn’t agree that he could just give me away.” She said hotly.

She reached up to her neck and tugged at the thick collar. “I would like you to give me that key so I can take this damned thing off!”

She dropped her hand and we looked at each other.

“Maybe we can start fresh and get to know each other Leah,” I said. “Maybe we can become friends”

“Friends don’t have a way to electrocute you,” She answered.

“Friends don’t think they have a right to make you have sex with them,” she continued.

“And friends don’t think they have a right to own you,”She said in finality and opened her book to ignore me.

I stood up. “I would like you to have dinner with me tonight. I will expect you”.

I went back downstairs. I took my car out that afternoon. I explored the city and did some shopping.

That night for dinner I dressed formally in one of my new jackets.

I sat at the candlelit table. Leah came in. She was dressed in a stunning long black gown. It was shoulder-less and grouped beneath the swell of her breasts. She had on a strand of white pearls that looped below her neck. She had done her hair up.

I stood and pulled her chair out. She demurely lowered herself and said “Thank you”.

I sat and picked up a wrapped present. I handed it to her.

She took it and lifted her eyebrows in question.

“I found it at a record store,” I told her.

She tore the paper off. I thought in many ways she is a lot like a kid.

“Oh wow!” she exclaimed.

It was a hard to find Miles Davis album.

“I like him!” she said excitedly. “How did you know?”

“I heard you playing some jazz earlier. I saw him at a club once in Boston. I like him too,” I answered.

“Maybe we can listen to it together later.” I suggested.

She placed the album on the table.

“I don’t know. We’ll see,” she said curtly.

I had found some fresh ingredients at the Italian market that afternoon and had the cook prepare lasagna and a fresh salad.

I poured red wine in her glass as the cooked served us.

“Oh, I love lasagna!” Leah exclaimed when the cook set the dish before us.

She had a lusty appetite and ate with relish.

I told her about some movies I had seen. She listened avidly.

We talked about me. I told her about school. She asked me naive questions about dating. She liked the idea of a guy asking a girl out for a date. She wanted to know if girls ever asked guys to go out. She wanted to know details about dating. She seemed to think that going on a date must end in sex. I explained to her that usually a couple would date a while before that happened. She was dumbfounded that a couple might not have sex for months or even longer.

“Many people wait till they are married,” I informed her. “That is the traditional way our parents did it”.

She pondered that.

“So if the girl doesn’t want to, than she doesn’t have to have sex?” she asked me innocently. “Even if the guy wants her too?”

I shook my head. “Yeah that happens a lot”

I enjoyed her gay laugh.

We drank the wine and talked. The cook cleared the dishes from the table and left us.

She wanted to know all about dances and parties. She said that sounds so fun. She was very interested in how the girls dressed and wore their hair at parties. She wanted to know the music that was played. She wanted me to describe how we danced.

She had seen dancers on variety shows on the TV. But it seemed my uncle had limited her viewing. “I only get to watch what he says,” she said simply. She didn’t want to talk anymore about that.

I had tried to bring the conversation around to her and my uncle. She would get a set expression and change the subject.

After I had poured out the last of the wine, I asked if she was happy at the townhouse.

She swilled around the little wine left in her goblet and looked at me. “What are you asking? Am I happy with my life? Am I am happy living here? Or am I happy being your uncle’s mistress?” she asked directly.

“I guess all three,” I answered.

She looked at her wine glass. “I suppose I am happy living here. It is all I really know.”

She looked at me. “You know your uncle has my life totally centered around him,” She continued.

“I have been happy being with him since he found me,” she said. “I guess I love him,” she shrugged her bare shoulders.

“He told me thinks you are becoming rebellious Leah,” I said.

She continued looking at her glass. “For so many years he has controlled every thing I do. He has wanted to shape the way I think. I have wanted to have my own way of thinking. To make some decisions about myself. He doesn’t much like that”.

I drained my glass. Perhaps the wine had loosened my tongue. I stepped on thin ice without a second thought.

“I can understand why he wants to own you that way,” I said.

She set her glass down.

“Why did you have to say that? I was having so much fun. You just had to ruin it!”

She stood up angrily, threw down her napkin and stomped out the room.

She had left her record. I took it, another bottle of wine and two glasses to the study. I set up the record on the phonograph. I sat in my uncle’s chair and listened to the first tracks. I reached up and tugged the cord once. There was the sound of a distant chime.

Five minutes passed and no Leah.

I reached down and unlocked the cabinet. I turned on the apparatus, waited for it to warm up. I turned the level control knob halfway. I considered the implications and made a decision.

I pressed the red button.

I heard a faint scream.

After a moment the study door flew open. Leah had let her hair down and was wearing a long, boldly flowered, silk kimono. Her eyes were wild with anger. She saw the open cabinet door and lunged at it. I grabbed her and we wrestled. She was furiously strong for her size.

Holding her arms I pushed her away so she fell back to the floor. She had scratched my face.

I reached down, pressed and held the red button. She cried out and arched backward grabbing at the collar. She jerked on the floor. She made a drawn out exclamation of agony.

I saw she was wetting herself.

I stood, went to the wall and opened the bookshelf.

I grabbed her ankle and dragged her across the floor into the hidden room. She weakly protested and struggled when I bent down and lifted her up. She immediately started kicking and yelling when she realized I intended to shove her into the open cage. She had her fingers wedged at the door as I tried to close it. I had to pry them loose. Then she tried to bite my hand. I lifted the front of the cage so she rolled backward. She lunged and shook the now latched door and cursed me. I was startled a girl would know such vehement language. I locked the cage door. I took the key and put it in my pocket.

One of her legs kicked out at me.

“You bastard let me out! she screamed. She jerked crazily at the iron bars.

Her hair had fallen all about her face. She looked wildly deranged.

“I’ll kill you!” she screamed as I turned off the light and closed the bookshelf behind me.
Chapter 3 »
Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 3
Chapter 2 Mail Bottom
Chapter 3
Posted: 2/6/2019, 4:44:56 AM
Updated: 3/8/2019, 9:00:18 PM

Mercifully, the locked inner room was sound-proofed. It was blissfully quiet in the study. I sat down in one of the big chairs and caught my breath.

There was a soft knock on the door and I said “Enter’ Jameson looked in from the door.

“I thought perhaps I heard a disturbance, Master Jeremy?” he said politely.

“All taken care of Jameson,” I stated.

He nodded. “Ah Miss Leah, I presume.” he said.

I nodded at him.

“Sir, may I relate some history?In the great war we learned, when the Hun advances in force, hunker down in the trenches. Resist the attack by all means available. Then immediately regroup and fully counter-assault the enemy.” He lifted his bushy eyebrows and closed the door.

I went to the bathroom and washed my face looking at the scratches in the mirror. I used a styptic pencil on the three blood-spotted lines and decided I would live. I went back to the study, browsed a book and finished my glass of wine. An hour passed.

I refilled the glass and opened the bookcase. I turned on the light. Leah was huddled in a corner of the cage. She blinked and then stared hatefully at me.

I smelled urine as I approached the cage.

“You smell rank Leah,” I commented.

I tilted my glass and drank.

“Want a sip?”I held the goblet out.

She glared at me.

“OK” I said and turned to go.

“Wait” she said in exasperation. “I am sorry I scratched you.”

I touched my cheek. “I don’t think there will be scars.”

“I don’t like being in here. I hate the dark. It makes me think I am losing my mind,” she said.

I looked at her. “Leah I have decided not to have pity on you. From now it is going to be my way. You will do as I say.”

“Or what? You leave me in here forever?” she said bitterly.

“I don’t think it will take that long,” I said. “Probably just over night”.

I turned back around and walked to the door. I turned the light off.

“Wait!”

“What do I have to do to get out of here?” Her voice was changed. It had a tremor of panic.

I turned the light back on and considered her. “Give me that sodden kimono, “ I told her.

She stared at me balefully.

I shook my head. “Fine”

I flicked the light off and closed the door. I could her calling after me. “Wait, please wait! NO!”

I went to the kitchen and got a cold piece of lasagna from the refrigerator. I stood in the kitchen and ate.

I went back to the study and re-opened the bookcase. I turned the light on. The kimono was balled in the corner of the cage. She was huddled with her knees against her chest.

I went to the cage. We stared at each other. She had been crying

“Leah, are you ready to be a good obedient girl?” I asked her.

“What is it you want me to do?” she asked quietly.

Earlier I had noticed what I wanted on the wall. Something I had seen at the bar the night before had intrigued me. I took a chain leash from a peg and held it before her.

“I will leash you. Take you to the shower and you will wash,” I told her.

She eyed the leash. “This is what you want?” she asked. “I thought you said you wanted to be friends.”

“We can be friends,” I told her, “Except you will be a naked friend and on a leash”.

She sighed. “I had thought you might be different than him. I didn’t think you were cruel”

“Leah I don’t know how cruel I am. But I know, the thought of having you excites me. What I have do to reach that goal. I guess we will just have to see how hard you fight it”.

She closed her eyes and leaned her head back against the bars.

“I wish had a choice about all this,” she said despondently.

She looked up at me. “Your uncle knew this would happen. I would lose if I fought you. He probably didn’t have to put this on me,” Her hand went to the collar. “Sooner or later you would have me.”

“Okay let me out please. I will do want you want,” she said in defeat.

I opened the door and helped her out. Her nakedness was wonderful as she rose against my arms.

I had her tilt her head back to fasten the leash to the ring on the collar. She stood still and took a deep breath.

I stood back holding the leash. Damn she was beautiful, even in her disheveled shape.

Her full grapefruit sized breasts rose and fell. She would not meet my studying eyes.

She had quarter-sized aureoles and nipples like taut large pencil erasers. Her sex was shaved bald.

I had never seen that before on a girl.

I squatted down to look closer. I reached out and ran the back of my forefinger across the smooth pubis.

“Damn this is the sexiest thing I’ve ever seen.” I observed.

She shivered.”I’m cold,” she said.

“Okay,” I stood and tugged the leash. Her head jerked and her eyes flashed at me. She resisted the pull on her neck. Then, resigned to her fate, she lowered her head and meekly followed me.

I led her out of the room and closed the bookcase.

“Leah if I were truly cruel I would make you crawl behind me, like my dog right now,” I told her looking over my shoulder, as she followed behind me.

She lifted her eyes, gauging my words.

I turned to walk backward as I tugged on the leash. She was very charming to watch.

I sat in a chair as she stood before me. I wound the leash around my fist to tug her closer. I looked again at her sex. I brought my fingers up between her legs. There was a wide gap between her slender thighs. I slid three fingers forward across the gap marveling at the smoothness. Her cleft was swollen and wet.

I looked up. “You’re aroused?” I slid the middle finger between her lips and intimately stroked her.

She had closed her eyes and exhaled as I touched her.

“That happens when I get scared.” she said slowly.

While still caressing her sex I looked up at her.

“Kiss me Leah” I told her.

“You want everything from me, don’t you?”She replied.

I ran my other hand up the back of her leg to her ass and used a firm cheek to move her pelvis on my finger.

“Kiss me Leah” I told her again.

She closed her eyes and lowered her lips to mine.

We kissed. She lifted her hands to my shoulders to steady herself. I pushed against her lips with my tongue. She opened her mouth. I squeezed her ass, enjoying the tight rounded smoothness.

I broke the kiss, “Now was that against your will?”

She didn’t answer as she faced me. I saw sullenness in those eyes.

I pulled my hand from her vagina and looked at the wetness. I leaned back in the chair to fully take her in.

“Come let’s get you cleaned up” I stood and led her down the dim, silent hall to the master bedroom.

I had a thought and turned to look at her following behind. The leash swung between us.

“My uncle kept you naked all the time didn’t he?” I asked her.

“Sometimes” she answered, avoiding my eyes.

“There is more to this than being scared that excites you. You respond to a man having his will with you” I stated.

“I hate being weak” she said passionately. She reached up to the leash and shook it. “Men have wanted to control me all my life,” She held the leash. “I protest or fight, but I can’t prevent myself to not submit sooner or later in the end,” She shook her head.”My body always betrays me. Your uncle knew how I am. I can’t help myself. He enjoyed when I fought him. He would always win”.

The bathroom had a tiled shower you almost could drive a car into. I turned on the spray and adjusted it.

I took off the leash. I ran my finger under her collar.

“I didn’t think about this, it might be ruined if it gets wet”.

“He told me it is special treated when he put it on me. It is waterproofed,” She answered.

She stepped into the shower and pulling her hair back, faced upward into the spray. She adjusted the valve to a warmer setting.

She looked at me with one eye under the cascading spray. “You just like watching?”

Steam billowed around me as I stood by the open shower door.

“Maybe I shall join you” I stated.

I stripped and stepped in behind her.

She was rinsing soap from her upturned face.

I reached up to fill my hands with her breasts. They were soapy and slippery.

“Oh man” I murmured as I caressed her ripe body.

I pulled her close, pushing my rising erection against her back.

She slid her body around in my hands to stand back and look down at my cock. She boldly reached down to grasp me.

“Well, I have only seen your uncle’s before. He was circumscized. I do like this,” she rolled the loose skin of my cock over the glans.

“Guess for sure you aren’t a Jewish boy” she stated.

She slowly jerked me. She studied my reaction.

I had the sudden revelation she was considering if she could gain control of me with sex. My uncle had said she was uncommonly smart. The way she was using her hands showed a practiced skill in manipulating a penis.

She kept stoking my cock rubbing the head on her stomach.

“That feels good doesn’t it” she asked teasingly, watching my face.

It felt like she was stroking the entirety of my being.

“How would you like me to suck on it?” she asked in the same teasing tone.

I stepped back and took her hands from my cock.

I took a calming breath so my voice wouldn’t break.

I held her away from me and spun her around.

“Bend forward, put your hands on the wall. Spread your legs.” I positioned her.

I slapped her butt telling her to lift up on her toes.

I bent my knees. Holding her hip, I probed at her thighs finding her cleft.

She was ready for sex. I slipped into a hot velvet glove.

She arched high on her toes when I entered her.

She arced her head back.”Oh God!” she cried out.

I started to thrust into her. Her head bowed forward as the shower cascaded over us.

I was not a considerate lover. I used her body for my pleasure. She responsively pushed back against my demanding thrusts. Standing on one foot, she linked a leg around mine to clamp herself tighter. She squealed when she climaxed. Using my grip on her hips, I lifted her and came, pounding my seed to the depth of her. I released her hips and pulled my swinging cock free.

“Wash me” I said standing back from her.

Hands braced against the wall, she turned her head around. Her wet hair hung lankly against her face. She shook her hair back, turned her body, lifting her arms for an embrace.

I stepped back from her.

“Now Leah,” I said.

She considered my expression. She turned and got a bar of soap. Walking around me she washed my neck, chest and back. When she began to soap above my stomach I told her to get on her knees.

Hand on my hip, she lowered herself. She lathered my pelvis. Then using her fingers she washed my cock and balls. She ran her hands down my legs.

I turned so my ass was before her. I lifted my arm and looked down at her. She was working a lather in her hands looking at my butt. She looked up me. Both of us very aware of her position. She ran her hands up and soaped my cheeks. I felt her hands part my ass and run across my rectum.

“Uncle taught you well I see,” I commented.

I felt her fingers soap around my anus. Her other hand had come up between my legs to clean the perineum. I watched as she concentrated on her task. She guided running water between my buttocks to rinse me.

She looked up at me.

“Kiss your new owner’s ass Leah” I told her.

She cocked her head blinking in the falling water. She rolled her eyes and then kissed my buttock.

I looked down at her. “I will take that as a full acceptance of the way things now stand for us,” I watched her eyes. “Yes?”

She had sat back on her heels. The water was running in rivulets over her breasts. One stream had become a small cataract arcing from a rigid nipple.

She slowly nodded.

I speculated there was still a hint of speculation in those green eyes.

She soaped and finished rinsing my legs.

Standing, she washed the remaining soap off herself.

We stepped out and dried.

I knew she was expecting I would take her straight to the bed.

“Leah go to your own room,” I pointed toward the door as we left the bathroom. “I will expect you to awaken me at nine, naked and sucking my cock”.

“And oh yes. Bring a cup of coffee. I like it black.”
Chapter 4 »
Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author




Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 4
Chapter 3 Mail Bottom
Chapter 4
Posted: 2/8/2019, 7:43:08 AM

The opening of the bedroom door woke me. I sensed it was daylight. I kept my eyes closed and laid still. The floor creaked and there was a clink on the bed table. The sheets lifted as the bed shifted with her slipping under the blanket. I was on my side and she slid her warm body down mine as she went deep under the covers.

I felt her lips on my morning erection. She took me in fully in her mouth and sucked as she had been told.

I lifted the covers and looked at her. Her eyes met mine as she moved her lips slavishly on my penis.

“Good morning, “ I said.

I rolled onto my back scooting myself backward to sit upright against the headboard...

She followed my movements maintaining her lips on my cock. She snaked her body between my legs. Her head bobbed for several minutes. She was exquisite at this. Her tongue was magic.

She let me slide from her mouth swirling her tongue around the head. She pushed forward and arched her self up. Holding my cock she rubbed it over her nipples.

She watched me.

“I was taught sucking a cock should be both a physical and visual experience for the man,” she informed me.

She brought her forearms forward squeezing her breasts together pinning my dick. She moved her body, working my cock in the warm smooth valley. Her eyes never left my face.

She lowered her head licking the head of my cock as it emerged from between her breasts.

She slid her body down and adored my erection, running it around her cheeks and lips. She looked up at me.

“Do I truly please you Master Jeremy?” she asked coyly.

I reached over to pick up of the cup of coffee awaiting on the table next to the bed. I sipped it.

Our eyes never broke contact, It was a continuing contest of will.

She broke the moment and began an earnest sucking, using both hands to stoke below her lips in a skilled circular hand-job.

I sat the coffee down and took a deep breath. I leaned back and closed my eyes as she worked me close to a climax. She slowed. Her lips brushing the glans, she examined me. “If I was under you I could take you down my throat,” she commented. “Would you like that?”

I looked at that beautiful face. Her lips planted lingering kisses on my glistening cock head as she awaited my answer.

“Just finish” I grunted.

“Would you like to cum in my mouth or squirt hot sperm all over my face, Sir?” She teased. “I love it both ways” she added.

I reached down and pressed her head down on my penis for an answer.

She was very talented. She artfully took me to a toe curling ejaculation. She looked up at me wide eyed as she swallowed the ejaculate. She kept me in her mouth sucking until I loss turgidity. She laid my cock on my stomach and lovingly planted kisses on it.

She sat back and knelt between my legs. She ran a finger around her lips and sucked on it. “Your slave hopes she pleased her Master” she said sweetly.

I flipped my leg over her and sat up on the edge of the bed. I drained my coffee.

“It was suitable” I said noncommittally.

I rose and pulled on my jockey shorts and robe and went to the dining room.

Cook had prepared a man’s breakfast of bacon, eggs and home-fries.

I was eating when Leah appeared. She was naked. With bowed head, she came to my chair and knelt.

I looked down at her. She had brushed her hair and put on some makeup.

“You going to eat? I asked.

“I am awaiting your next command Sir,” She stared at the floor.

“Leah sit in a damned chair and eat,” I said.

She immediately rose to sit. She grabbed a box of frosted flakes and filled a bowl. She poured milk over the cereal from a pitcher. She began to eat like she was famished.

Cook came in and sat a bowl of fresh fruit on the table...

“Morning Miss Leah!” She said cheerily. “It is a beautiful day isn’t it?”

If the cook noticed anything odd about a naked girl at the table she didn’t show it.

Leah nodded with her mouth full.

The cook went back into the kitchen.

Leah looked at me, pushing the now empty cereal bowl away.”They are used to me being naked or in my skimpies around here. Probably more odd to see me with clothes on.” she added.

“My uncle did then keep you naked a lot?” I asked.

She reached to the fruit bowl and took a stemmed cherry.

Crossing her legs on the seat, she leaned back in chair to look at me. Using the stem she worked the cherry between her pursed lips as she pondered the question.

“I guess it depended on his mood. I always tried to read him and see how he wanted me. I have a closet full of pretty clothes,” She bit on the cherry and ate it watching me.

She continued, “How do you want me? You said naked last night. That was your last command,” she raised her eyebrows quizzically.

I finished my breakfast and dabbed my mouth with a napkin.

“Don’t you have a workout class this morning? I asked her.

She shrugged her shoulders. “Ingrid would probably like me naked too. She is always looking at me like she wants to eat me alive.”

“Don’t you have a tutor coming this afternoon? I continued.

She laughed. “Now that would probably give old Mr. Benson a heart attack” She was delighted with the thought.

“Listen” I said” Let’s just keep your normal routine for right now.”

“You don’t like me always naked and ready for you, Master?” She sat upright and presented her chest. Her full breasts quivered.

“We could go into that backroom and figure this problem out Leah. That one long leather switch looks well broken in.” I said dryly.

She peered at me intently, judging my seriousness. Evidently corporal punishment wasn’t a trivial subject.

“OK. Same routine it is,” she said rising from her chair. She picked another cherry from the bowl.

She bit down on it, juicily smiling at me. She spun around and left. I watched that tight gyrating, bare ass as she skipped out.

I went out into the city that morning. I went across town to meet a fraternity brother and have lunch. Then we went to see the Yankees play the Red Sox. I was home in time for supper. I went to my rooms and changed. Leah greeted me at the table. She was wearing a classic little black dress. It looked smashing on her. I complimented her dress and she glowed at the praise. “I love getting dressed up’” She stood and twirled around so I could see all of her.

She candidly open that night. I knew Mary downstairs. I asked if she had any other friends.

She told me about a Japaneses girl named Mei my uncle had brought to the States to stay at the town house. She said my uncle told her Mei was her 15th birthday present.

“We where best friends. She had been raised to be a courtesan. They are called oiran in Japan. She was trained in hundreds of ways to please a man, but that wasn’t all. In Japan a girl was expected to entertain also. She taught me to play the koto,” she added lightly. “I can play for you sometime if you like,” She looked hesitant, but hopefully at me.

“Sure.” I said. I wasn’t sure what a koto was.

“She is the one who showed me the sacred art of seduction. You know there are many subtle ways a girl can interest a man. You can excite him with just a touch,” She reached over to run a fingernail lightly over the back of my hand. “Many different ways. But they are ancient secrets,” she confided.

“So I wont know when I am being seduced?” I asked.

“Oh trust me you would know soon enough,” she laughed. I hadn’t seen her laugh like that before. She had opened a window of herself.

She told they had been inseparable for the year Mei stayed with them. “But, she just wasn’t just here for me,” she confided. “Your uncle had sex with her too. The three of us would sleep together when he was here. She is the one who showed me that oral sex is more than just sucking a cock. You know it is really an art in the East.”

She continued. “Mei knew how to be with a girl too. I hadn’t done that before. Your uncle had made us be together at first. Then later, when he was gone we would do it,” she added. “A lot”.

She looked at me. “I don’t think I am lesbian however,” she added confidently. “I like being with a man too much,” She lifted her chin and smiled.

My uncle had sent Mei home after a year.

Then later he started bringing Mary up to stay for periods of time.

“She was a good friend too?” I asked.

Leah nodded.

Mary was well skilled at taking a man fully into her throat. Leah had been taught how to perform this.

“I don’t think your uncle really cared for Mary. She wasn’t his type. She is vulgar and course. There wasn’t anything submissive about her either. Which he expects in a girl”

“But we became friends. I get so lonesome around here. She was funny and we would laugh and laugh.”

“Then your uncle kicked her out. He said she was getting too attached,” Leah shrugged her shoulders. She continued. “We did play around a little like girls can do. But it was nothing like Mei and I”

Cook had cleaned up and left. Now it was just us at the table. We were drinking wine.

“So what does the Master have planned for his slave girl tonight?” she asked with a sly smile.

“Well the Master is expected at the poker table tonight,” I answered.

She stuck her lip out. “You have resisted all the ancient secret wiles I have been using on you,” she pouted.

I rose. “It was a struggle darling. Trust me,” I told her.

“Be in my bed when I return tonight” I added as I left for the evening.

It was late when I got back upstairs.

When I entered my bedroom I was greeted with the sight of Leah kneeling naked at the foot of my bed. Her leash led from her collar to a loop around the bedpost. Her head was touching the floor.

“This slave awaits her Master,” she said quietly.

I let her hold her position as I disrobed.

I sat on bed and looked down at her. I took the leash from the bedpost.

“Leah” I said “Do you want to make love?”

She kept her head lowered. “A slave girl has no say in the matter, Sir”

I nudged her with my foot. “Leah!” I said sharply. “Do you want to make love to me?”

She held her position then raised herself. She fell into my arms so we fell back on the bed. She was on top of me, our faces inches apart.

“Ask me again Jeremy,” she whispered kissing me.

I was awoken in the morning with my penis being sucked. I lay back and enjoyed the sensation of it. Then I reached down to pull her up in my arms. We made languid slow love. That morning both of us wanted to enjoy just the loving tenderness of each other. The night before we had gone after the other’s body with a frenzied pent up wildness. The first tryst had urgently gone into a second. It had been passionate as we both sated desires.

Her tongue ran around my ear. She whispered her favorite position was from behind.

She gently pulled from my embrace and rolled over presenting her ass to me. I thought she desired anal sex. I rose behind her and rubbed my erection around the bud of her rectum.

“Oh no!” She exclaimed quickly. “I can do that but I need to get ready for you. Please, my pussy. Dog style. Fuck me hard. Like you did in the shower. I love that.”

Afterwards we showered. We washed each other. She knelt as the other night. She dutifully washed my penis and reached around to my ass. She ran her finger around my anus and pushed.

“I know a secret way to rub my finger against your prostate gland that make you cum like a rocket. I will do it if you like. Your uncle never wanted it,” she added.

I braced a hand against the tile as she probed... “That is kind of a private area. I will think about it,” I answered.

At breakfast I suggested we watch the TV that evening after dinner. Nineteen fifties television was no big novelty to me. I considered it a small boring black and white picture with corny variety shows and westerns. But, Leah was thrilled by the worldly window of it.

“Can we?” she had asked me excitedly when I had suggested it. Her entertainment options in the townhouse had been limited.

She had been so delighted with the prospect it had made me feel sad.

That was my first morning in the gym. The second floor of the club had a large workout room with weights and a raised boxing ring. Bertie had agreed to train me.

I stood there before him in shorts and a t-shirt and he surveyed what he had to work with.

“Well you “duz” have some size,” he grunted. “But you ain’t ready for no twelve rounds wit a da champ,” he concluded.

We did weights and he had me jump rope till I was dizzy. He watched me work a speed bag.

Then we got in the ring and did some sparing with gloves. He showed me elementary blocks and weaving. He said maybe I had potential. I took a shower, left the club and went for walk on a sunny New York City day.

I knew Leah had a full schedule with tutors and Ingrid.

I had thought to buy Leah a kimono or something exceptionally oriental and pretty. There wasn’t much Japanese presence in the city since the war. I walked to Chinatown and browsed shops. The stuff I was seeing on the racks was touristy and cheap.

I ended up taking a cab to Saks 5th Ave. and buying her some diamond ear rings.

For dinner that night she wore a stretch crepe midi dress. A finely shaded top covered the upper swell of her bosom. She had curled her hair up so it tumbled about her face. She had used light make-up as she had learned I preferred. She looked stunning. She watched for my approval.

She saw it my appreciative eyes.

She immediately told me about her day. Ingrid had been mean to her. Ingrid had asked pointed questions regarding me. Leah said Ingrid could tell we had been having sex. Ingrid was angry about it and been very unpleasant during the entire class.

Leah sniffed and said. “She wishes she was a man and could have me.”

After finishing dinner Leah said she would slip into something more comfortable for watching TV. She slipped off to her quarters.

I went to the living room and looked at the evening paper.

She came back in a gray silky two piece outfit. The bottoms where thin loose pantaloons held by a drawstring. The matching top was a small clingy vest that showed her belly and deep cleavage.

She dropped down beside me looking at the paper. “What’s on TV tonight?” she asked excitedly.

“Well we can watch I Love Lucy and Gunsmoke” I replied.

“Lucy!” she cried out. “I want to laugh tonight”.

I looked at my watch. It was still early yet.

I took out her wrapped present out of my pocket and gave it to her.

I knew she loved getting presents. She loved the earrings. She threw herself against me, kissing my face.

“Your uncle never liked me wearing much jewelry,” she explained.

She held them in her fingers and started to cry. “I love these they are so beautiful,”she said as she turned them.

She wiped her tears as she put them on. She turned her face back and forth to show me.

She jumped up and ran to the mirror to look, turning her head. “They are so lovely!,” she exclaimed.

She came back and knelt before me, placing her hands on my knees.

She looked up at me. “What you started to do this morning. You know anal sex. I want us to do it tonight. I want to do it with you. It is nothing to do with you giving me these. I had decided before. It is something I want to give you.”

“I have never done that before’” I confessed. “The proper girls of Cambridge don’t party to such things”

“It’s okay” She replied. “It’s not difficult for the man, I will show you”.

We watched Lucy and then Gunsmoke. During Gunsmoke we started making out. I had her top up and was kissing and nuzzling her bare breasts.

“mmmmm” she moaned. “That feels too good,” She rose from me and pulled her top back over her breasts. She glanced at the television.

“I hate cowboys. They always looks so dusty” She adjusted her pantaloons which had slipped low on her hips. “I am going to get ready for you.”

“Ready?” I asked.

“Yes I am going to do a enema, so I am nice and clean there for you’” she replied.

“I might like to watch that,” I grinned.

She slapped my knee. “You are silly. It is dirty and would be embarrassing for me having you watch.”

“A slave’s degradation can be enjoyable for her Master,’ I told her deadpan.

Her eyes searched my face. “You’re teasing again?”

I grinned.

She shook her head.

She poked her finger to my chest. “Your uncle never joked. If he said something I would jump. If you treat this relationship like a joke, when you are serious, I wont know.”

She stood and said somberly. “Please think about that and the way you want me to be for you”.

I had leaned back to listen to her. I was thinking how beautiful she looked when she was passionate.

While walking in the city earlier in the day I had a epiphany. She would make a perfect wife. What else could a guy ask for in a girl to spend his life with? My thoughts just couldn’t get around the paradoxical jump from a mistress to matrimony.

She was sitting on the bed when I entered. She had on a thick cotton, floor length bathrobe and was rubbing oil on her upraised calf.

“Ready for you Master,” she said rising to meet me.

Her robe hung open and she was naked under it. She helped me undress.

She led me to the bed. “Please sit, Sir, and I will prepare you.”

She dropped her robe and knelt between my legs. She smelled like soap and clean girl.

She stoked my cock until it thickened. She picked up the bottle of scented oil and squirted some on her hands.

She looked up at me as she sensuously oiled my penis. “Mei told me in Japan the act of anal intercourse is very sacred between a man and a woman. If the woman gives herself to a man this way it means she is giving her body fully to him. Also that she acknowledges his absolute possession of her. Not just of her body but of her totality.”

She looked down watching her hands move on my shaft. “For the man by his taking her this way it means he has a dominant ownership of her. That his using her in this way means his body is bound to hers.”

She looked up to me. “I don’t have the Japanese words but that is the sense of it. I thought it was beautiful”.

She stood, handed me the oil and leaned forward placing her hands on the bed. She presented her ass.

“The Master should prepare his bitch’s anus for his cock”

I poured some on my finger and rolled it around her sphincter. I poured some over the little bud and worked my finger in.

She moaned and moved against my finger.

“The slut is ready for cock” she whispered.

I told her to crawl forward on the bed. I reached between her spread legs and cupped her sex. She was ready, very wet and hot.

She ground down on my hand.

“Oh god I need this!” she hissed.

I positioned myself and rubbed myself between her oiled cheeks. I pushed the head of my cock at her anus. She took deep breaths preparing to relax. There was resistance and then my cock’s head slid through the sphincter ring. She let out a long breath.

“Oh god. Oh god” she moaned.

I used a slow back and forth motion working myself in, Her head was bowed as she concentrated on relaxing her muscles. Her body was slack under my hands

“OH god I knew you were thicker than your uncle” she whispered urgently.

I leaned forward to fill my hands with her swinging breasts. Using this grip I began to work her onto me.

“Oh yes Jeremy. Make me your slave bitch. Use your slut. Oh god!” She slowly panted.

My loins where against her buttocks. I was buried to the hilt in her. I held the position savoring her tightness.

She moved her head sideways flat on the bed. Her eyes where closed. She took deep breaths.

I started to fuck her ass slowly. I immediately decided I liked this power.

She made little grunts when I thrust.

I leaned back and gripped her hips. I pulled her against my cock

With each consequential thrust I pulled my cock back further and then to return sliding to her depths.

I started going faster and more forceful.

She started to meet my thrusts. Then her ass muscles tightened on my cock like a fist. I gasped and came in her bowels.

She continued to slowly rotate her ass as my cock lost it’s rigidness.

I stood back from her. She fell forward limbless on the bed. It was quiet except for my heavy breathing.

I walked into the bathroom and wiped my dick with a wash cloth.

When I returned she was still prone on the bed where I had left her. Her head had twisted to peer at me. “I think I fainted for a minute,” She pushed herself backward off the bed. She was unsteady. “I should have cleaned you. My duty,” she said weakly. I steadied her in my arms.

“Oh god I am going to make a mess,” Her hand flew to to her bottom.

She hustled toward the bathroom.

The toilet flushed and she came back to me. I was laying back, head up on the pillows. She slid across the pillows and into my arms. “That always hurts but in a good way. You like it?” she asked looking questioningly up at me.

“Yeah I loved that. I could make a regular habit of it,” I replied.

Her eyes scanned my face. “Your teasing again aren’t you,” She placed her head on my chest.

I pulled her close to me.

We where quiet.

“You know when your uncle told me you where coming here, he also told me he was going to give me to you,” She said softly. “I was so furious with him. Like he was going to give me away, like a dog or something. Oh boy, did we have a fight. That is when he put this on me,” She reached to the collar.

“Then that night when I walked in the study and first saw you,” she paused. “I knew you where just like him as soon as I laid eyes on you. The way you looked at me. I knew I was lost. That you could rule a girl.”

She ran her fingers across my chest. “My body just responded to you.”

“I didn’t want you to see how weak I was. I wanted to fight you and him both. I tried. I really did.

Then when you put me in that cage and I was sitting alone in the dark, I knew that I had no choice but to give in to you. I knew when you opened that cage door, I knew you would own me forever.”

She turned her head up to look at my eyes. “What I am saying Jeremy I will be yours however you want me. Mistress, concubine or as a devoted slave.”

I thought about how I wanted to reply.

I told her. “Leah I have never wanted a girl so much. That possessing you is something primal and basic to a deep part of me,” I finished stumbling for words. “I don’t know how to say it”

She was smiling at me.

I pulled her to my chest and rested my hand on her head.

We held each other.

I thought to myself. “Uncle you hadn’t mentioned she was mine to keep.”
Chapter 5 »
Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author




Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 5
Chapter 4 Mail Bottom
Chapter 5
Posted: 2/17/2019, 6:23:13 AM
Updated: 3/8/2019, 9:32:42 PM

The next morning I made an overseas call to Hong Kong. In the Fifties such calls used a problematic radio-telephone linkage. I finally reached a West Coast operator who said she would attempt the necessary connections and call me back. Twenty minutes later the phone rang and it was my uncle. The connection was terrible. I asked him when he was returning to New York City. The line was filled with fluctuating noise and faint, disjointed voices. I understood him to say the “political situation had changed and he needed to stay in Hong Kong”.

I raised my voice. “What about Leah?” There was a crescendo of buzzing and I heard his voice again. “beautiful bird with a broken wing that will never fly”. I was yelling now. “I am planning to go back to school this fall!” I heard his voice in the cacophony of noise say “telegraph”. There was only static on the line and I slammed down the phone.

Leah had heard me yelling and concernedly come into the study.

“Jeremy?”

I held my hand up. I didn’t want to talk. I stomped away, going up the circular iron stairs to the arboretum. I dropped in a chair to brood. I rehashed my uncle’s words from that last night. I couldn’t recall making a lasting commitment. This wasn’t fair.

Leah came into the garden wearing a short pink robe and carrying a beach-bag. She came to me and kissed my lips.

She took a beach towel from her bag and spread it on the sun-warmed tile. She took off the robe and was naked.

Taking a bottle from the bag she poured thick oil on the upper slopes of her breasts. It trickled over her nipples. Her free hand cupped below one breast catching the excess. She smoothed the sleekness over a breast, then running her hand in the deep divide of the firm globes to the other breast. She slowly, caressingly oiled her bosom. She smoothed the oil down her stomach to her mons. She squirted some on her pelvis and let it stream down her legs. She set the bottle at her feet. She ran both hands down her stomach to join at her cervix. She murmured with pleasure moving her hands down her thighs. Bending forward, she turned and thrust her firm buttocks upward toward me. Picking up the bottle, she reached behind her back and squirted oil between her cheeks. She palmed oil over the surface of her ass. She dropped the bottle and squatted. Using both hands she caressed and squeezed her butt. One hand parted her cheeks oiling the crevice. She murmured again. She threw her hair back in private ecstasy, running her fingers around her anus. She sinuously ground against her hand. Bringing her hands around under her hips she gracefully flowed prone to the towel. She began to slowly grind. Her spread thighs revealed her fingers stroking wantonly at her sex. She thrust against her hands. Her buttocks clenched. She gasped in orgasm. Relaxing she laid still on the towel.

“Leah,” I said.

She turned her head, opening heavily lidded eyes.

“Yes?” she answered softly.

She rose to her knees and shuffled to me. Pushing my legs together, she planted her elbows on my knees and rested her chin on a palm.

“Yes Jeremy?” she looked up at me.

“You overheard my conversation with my uncle?” I asked.

“I heard you yell my name. It was hard to miss,” she replied.

She walked her fingers up my leg. I was wearing shorts. She flattened her oiled breasts against my bare legs.

“I have to finish school!” I said in exasperation.

She cocked her head. “I am stopping you?”

I shook my head.

“Hold your head up,” I told her.

Puzzled she lifted her chin.

I unlocked her collar. I let it dangle from her neck.

“There,” I said.

She pulled it off and held it in her hands.

She looked at it and then to me.

“I didn’t ask for this,” she said.

“Maybe it was time Leah” I replied.

“Now I really feel naked “ She observed.

“What if this is not what I really wanted? At first this was forced on me,” She held up the collar. “It took away that I had any say in my life. But, now maybe I am not ready to be free like this. Maybe I have come to like being this way.”

Her eyes searched my face.

“Are you getting ready to leave me too?” she asked.

I shrugged. “I just don’t know what I want.”

In the coming weeks we didn’t discuss this matter again.

June came to the city. Leah asked if she could go with me to the downstairs gym. I took her the next morning. She immediately loved everything about it. She hefted the smaller barbells and rotated the heavy iron plates on the stands. She ran her hand over the speed bag and rubbed her cheek against the battered, worn surface. “I love the smell of leather and men,” She winked at me.

Bertie was delighted with her. I asked him if we could put some muscles on her. He closed one eye and gave her a frank look over. He made a gap toothed smile. “She looks “purty” good to me already. But “wat” ever you say, Mr. Jeremy.”

He started her on a series of exercises doing push-ups, chin-ups and light weights. She had watched me spar with Bertie and asked if she could try that too. So everyday Bertie would patiently practice in the ring with her. He showed her to how to throw a punch. I watched her stalk Bertie around the ring, throwing lefts and rights at the thick pad he held out. I was proud seeing her growing confidence. I wasn’t worrying anymore what my uncle would think of the freedom I was giving Leah.

After dinner we routinely retired to the living room. We had found this an intimate time to enjoy a glass of wine and watch evening close over Central Park. We both shared parts of our lives that were difficult to discuss. She hadn’t been forthcoming about her war years. I hadn’t asked, feeling if she wanted to share it, she would when she was ready.

This night there was a rising full moon. The city looked surreal in the brilliant lunar light. The stark black and white absence of color made me think of a photographic negative.

I said, “Let’s go out and walk in the park.”

I suggested we could slip out through the freight area. No one would see us.

She considered it, then negatively shook her head.

“No. I’m sorry. No!” She looked beseeching at me.”You don’t know how bad I get when I try to leave the building. My heart starts beating like it going to pop from my chest. The worst part is I can’t get my breath and it is like I am going to asphyxiate. It is terribly frightening”.

She related they had tried before. My uncle had persuaded her they could go to the opening of the musical “Carousel” on Broadway. They planned to go in a curtained limousine and enter the theater from a back entrance. My uncle had reserved seating in a private balcony. She really wanted to see the play and had agreed to try. Leah told me when they entered the parking lot, she had panicked. My uncle had to carry her back to the elevator. She thought she was dying.

Leah opened up about her war years.

Life in her close Jewish community was idyllic with brothers and sisters and loving parents. She admitted her memories of then were perhaps rose colored because she had been a little girl. She said she knew that she must have been a happy child, because when the uniformed soldiers came with guns, that was the first time she had ever known fear. They had forcefully herded the females into one truck, separating from them from her brothers and father. She said that was the last she ever saw of them. She said they had traveled for days in that truck. It was cold and there was no bathroom. The soldiers would stop and let them relieve themselves beside the road as they watched. At arrival at a barbed wire open field she had been separated from her mother and sisters. That was the last she ever saw them. She had been with a small group of girls her age when the Colonel took her. She called him the Colonel. He took her to a big building with rooms and locked a chain on her ankle. She said she stayed in that room a very long time. He didn’t hurt her but he liked to bathe her with a big sponge. He also liked to watch her squat over the basin and make water.

She spent many long hours by herself.

This part of the story she paused. “I was told I was a prodigy child, Jeremy. I could recite the five books of the Torah verbatim when I was six. All of it. Poppa would read it to us every night. I heard it when I was very small and I remembered it. People in the village would come and listen to me,” Leah watched my reaction.

I smiled at her.

She continued. A Polish woman came daily to bring her sausage and a potato and to empty her waste basin. She had given her a doll. She told the doll the tales of Moses, Abraham and Noah. She had spent the hours alone with her doll reciting the books out loud.

She closed her eyes in memory. “It is how I passed the days.”

I was cognizant of her expression that she was telling me something very important about the way she saw herself. It was something she kept hidden.

She continued her story. She said then one day there was a new sound of big airplanes, which changed the quietness of her existence. Daily she heard them more and more. Then one day the Colonel came to the room very upset. He had new clothes for her which he had piled on the bed. He had hurried off. Shortly thereafter she had heard explosions and shouts. She crawled under the bed. The gunshots went on and on and had gotten louder and closer. She was very frightened.

The door slammed open. The skirt of the bed was lifted and she saw my uncle peering at her. His face was painted black and his white eyes scared her. He spoke German, asking her name. She responded in German. He then asked her if she was Italian. She told him, “Si.” He pulled her from under the bed. He took the chain off her ankle, put his jacket around her and took her in his arms. She said she wasn’t afraid of him then. He made her feel safe. He carried her outside the building. Over his shoulder she saw the Colonel with other German soldiers lined against a wall in the courtyard. They were all naked. My uncle carried her to a big black car. In Italian, my uncle told her to lay down on the seat and cover her eyes. She obeyed. Then she heard terribly loud gunshots.

She looked at me. “Then your uncle brought me here. Here, I have been since.”

It was in the dog days of July. I had finished playing my evening poker game and taken the lift upstairs. When the elevator door slid open, unexpectedly Jameson was there to greet me. He was holding a broom and dustpan.

“Mary, from downstairs, called on the house phone and was most insistent to speak to Miss Leah. I of course was adamant that phone calls from the club were never accepted at the townhouse. She was most uncivil. She threatened to climb up though the dumbwaiter shaft and scream if I didn’t allow her to speak to Miss Leah. I do apologize Sir. I think I have precipitated a terrible row.”

Jameson followed me as I walked into the living room. He had been sweeping up the breakage of a lamp that had been shattered against the wall.

“What was this all about?” I pointed.

Jameson dispassionately shook his head.

At that moment Leah stormed in from the study.

“You son of a bitch! Mary told me what you did!”

“I am here day and night dedicated to satisfying all your needs! You go down there and let some whore suck your cock!”

I immediately knew what this about.

Waitresses served the poker table. Recently a very pretty blonde had been overly attentive towards me. She worked as a lingerie model for an advertising firm on Madison Avenue. She would bring a round of drinks to the table, then leaning a hip against me, watch as I played cards. Several times she had pressed a breast against my shoulder and whispered in my ear, how lonely she was. Earlier that night I had given in. Rising from the table, I announced, “Deal me out this hand.” I had taken her arm and led her into the men’s room. I had bent her over the sink, flipped up her short skirt, pushed aside her panties and fucked her.

“She didn’t suck my cock Leah” I said.

“But you fucked that slut didn’t you!”

She plummeted my chest with her fists.

“You men are just like dogs! You will fuck any bitch who sticks her pussy in your face!”

I grabbed her wrists and held her.

“I got this Jameson” Wide eyed, he nodded and left the room.

“Leah!” I shook her.

‘You fucking bastard!” She spit at me.

I dragged her to an ottoman. I sat and using her wrists I forced her across my lap. Holding one wrist I reached down and pulled her silk nightgown over her buttocks. Her cheeks were bare, She reached back trying to claw my arm.

I smacked her ass.

She screamed. I smacked her other cheek.

“No. NO!” She tried to catch my hand attempting to shield her bare cheeks.

I smacked her ass again and again.

“No,” Her hand fluttered.

I avoided her ineffective efforts to stop me. I spanked her mercilessly.

Her hand dropped. She gripped my trousers.

I stopped. “You ready to listen?”

She sobbed.

“Leah?”

I squeezed a reddened cheek.

She writhed and protested.

“Leah?”

“Yes! Yes,” A pause. “Sir”

“Leah I can make you clean the fuck juices off my cock with your tongue.”

I paused.

“Or you will listen to me?”

I made no excuses for my night’s activities. I told her that I was the man and her owner. She had no say in whom I fucked.

She listened hanging limply over my lap. I possessively stroked her abused ass.

“Can I talk now?” She asked meekly.

I helped her rise and sit on my lap. She winced as she settled.

She held her hands together, placing them in her lap.

She looked up at me. Her face was blotchy and flushed.

“Jeremy what took you so long to discipline me?”

“I have been trying to tell you for weeks I needed this. You can be so dense.”

She squirmed looking at me questionably.

“Were you serious about making me suck your cock after fucking her? I would have to do it if you made me.”

It was mid August.

One of Jameson’s daily duties was to go downstairs and pick up the mail. He would sort it by importance and leave it on my uncle’s desk.

I entered the study and was greeted with the sight of letters scattered across the floor.

There was a crumpled wad of paper in the midst of the mail. I picked it up and smoothed it out. It was an official document from the Harvard Business School detailing my Fall itinerary. I saw the opened Harvard School of Business Administration envelope on the floor.

I folded the crumpled letter, stuck it in my pocket and went to find Leah.

She wasn’t in the living room, the gym or my bedroom. I went to her old room in the servant’s quarters. I had moved her to master bedroom after the first week. The door was locked.

I knocked.

“Leah?” I said.

“Go away!”

“Leah open the door now,” I rattled the door knob.

“Leave me alone!”

I stood back and kicked the door. It burst open banging against the wall.

She was laying face-down on the small frame bed.

She turned a puffy tear filled face toward me.

“Just go ahead and leave me here! I don’t care!” She turned her head away.

I sat on bed. “Leah I haven’t decided yet. If I did go I would come back here every weekend.”

She sat up right. “Don’t try and fool me. I know when you go back to school, I will not be a priority. What you going to do, pencil in Leah at the bottom of that schedule?”

She desperately grabbed my arm and clutched herself to me.

“Jeremy I can’t stand being here anymore by myself!”

She pushed her face close to mine.”Aren’t you happy with me? I try to be everything for you.”

She sniffed and rested her head on my chest. “Jeremy tell me what more I can do for you to stay with me. Please”.

I stroked her hair.

“Leah finishing my MBA is what I have been planning for so long,” I said softly.

“Jeremy please put the collar back on me. I want you to know how I belong to you,” She pushed away to look in my eyes.

“I need to know how I belong to you” Her look was plaintively frank.

I spent the next day scouring the streets of New York City for a collar. I didn’t want to put that thick electronic monstrosity back on that beautiful neck. I finally located a upscale pet store that had a nice selection of designer collars society ladies would choose to put on their fancy pedigree dogs. It was pink patent leather and had a delicate lock and key. I gave it to her after supper. Leah loved it on sight.

“We need to do it proper as you put it on me Jeremy,” she decided.

She stood shrugging her evening dress from her shoulders. She shimmed it down her hips. She wasn’t wearing underwear.

She knelt, placing her forehead to my shoe. She lifted her torso, spreading her thighs wide to display her sex. She lifted her shoulders thrusting out her breasts.

She raised her face, looking into my eyes. “Collar this one whose body and soul belongs to you, her Master.”

I placed it around her neck and locked it.

She flowed up into my arms.

“God Jeremy I love you so much.”

The next morning Ingrid was furious when she saw the new collar.
Chapter 6 »
Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author



Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 6
Chapter 5 Mail Bottom
Chapter 6
Posted: 2/26/2019, 10:27:30 PM
Updated: 3/8/2019, 9:17:28 PM

I was on my third cup of coffee and finishing the morning paper when the quietness was interrupted by a shrill scream.

Leah tore into the room.

She tugged down her leotard revealing a long welt on her hip.

“Ingrid cropped me,” she wailed.

I marched to the gym. Ingrid was at her locker, packing a small bag. She nonchalantly watched me approach.

She held up her hand.

“Leah must have more time in training! She has become insolent and disrespectful. I will not have it!” she demanded. “She is losing discipline!”

“You’re fired. Get your shit and get out,” I replied tersely. “Now!”

She considered me dispassionately.

She curled her lip in a sneer.”Your uncle hired me. You have no say young man.”

“Ingrid if I see you again I will beat you with that fucking crop” I coldly promised her.

She narrowed her eyes, taking my measure for a a physical confrontation.

She closed her bag and smiled. “I shall contact your uncle and inform him of your actions.”

She left.

Leah came in the room and hugged me from behind. “She was getting worse and worse. I am glad she is gone. I can do all the routines she taught me, I didn’t need her anymore.”

She continued. “I want to work out more in the gym with you and Bertie!”

The next morning I was having breakfast and listening to the news.

Leah and the cook where chatting.”Well I thought it was strange Miss Leah,” The cook said. “That Ingrid is never here early morning. I came into the kitchen first thing and she was in the cooler. She told me she had forgotten her lunch yesterday. Then later when I opened the refrigerator her lunch was right there.”

“Where is she now?” This matter had my full attention.

The cook shrugged as she walked into the kitchen. “I think she went back to the gym. I didn’t hear the elevator go down.”

I shook my head. I hadn’t finished my breakfast and now it was time for a fight.

I pushed my chair back and started to rise. I realized I felt odd. My coffee cup and the newspaper had grown larger and were wavering. I turned my head. The walls flowed as the room expanded. I pushed against the table to steady myself. My hands felt separate from my arms.

I looked at Leah. She had sat back in her chair. Her eyes where wide in alarm.

“Somethings wrong, Leah!” I pushed up from the chair in slow motion. She looked at me as if I were a stranger.

Ingrid bounded into the room. A blur of Ingrid afterimages trailed after her. She grabbed Leah’s arm and jerked her from her chair. Leah looked at her and started laughing. Ingrid slapped her telling her to “Shut up!” Leah fell to her knees and began to laugh hysterically. Ingrid started dragging her.

My feet felt dislocated and weightless. I had to think about each movement, lifting one foot after the other. I followed around the table, the pile of the carpet was thick mud. I staggered after them into the hallway. Ingrid waited poised outside the door. She towered over me. I abstractedly watched her fist come toward my face. The world flipped and I went down a black hole.

I gradually worked through a mad whirling tunnel of lights and faces to a conscious existence. My world was centered on a dull pounding headache. Marge was looking down at me holding my hand. I lifted my other hand to examine the foreign wrapping around my head.

“That bitch used a sap on you. You got stitches and a lump like a acorn, but Doc says you’re thick-headed. I told him I agree,” she smiled.

I looked around recognizing I was in the in-house infirmary.

“Leah?” my mouth was dry and my voice sounded unfamiliar.

“We got her” Marge said, reassuringly squeezing my arm. “The police have that lezzie cunt too,” She added. Marge looked to my right and I turned my head following her eyes. I recognized a physician I knew as a regular club member. He was closely watching me. He looked at Marge and nodded his head.

“He is aware now. This is a good sign,” he observed.

Marge told me what had happened the day before.

The cook had tried to stop Ingrid as she dragged Leah through the kitchen to the freight elevator. Ingrid had overpowered the cook and locked her in the pantry. She had taken Leah down the lift to the basement garage and taken her off in a car.

Jameson, hearing the cook’s screaming, found me unconscious in the hallway. He had called downstairs for help. I had been taken to the house infirmary. Marge said doctors were “a dime a dozen” at the club. I was exhibiting manic convulsions. I had been injected with a heavy narcotic and kept strapped to a hospital bed. Twenty four hours had passed.

The night before the police had rescued Leah and arrested Ingrid at a motel in downstate New Jersey. Ingrid had made a full confession. She had doped the Orange juice with a powerful hallucinogenic drug. She had gotten the drug from a chemist girlfriend at Columbia University. The university had a contact to produce the drug for the CIA.

Leah was to return tomorrow.

“They say she is just fine, Jeremy’” Marge assured me. “That Ingrid is going to get hers. I have contacts in the women’s lockup down there. She will be flipped from top to bottom”.

I was waiting on the sidewalk when the Jersey police dropped her off. I hugged her, escorted her into the club and then had to sit down. The world was slightly off balance. Sounds and voices carried echos.

Everyone wanted to hug Leah. Physically she looked fine, none the worse for wear. Then she looked at me with haunted, exhausted eyes.

I excused us and took her upstairs. We went straight to bed and stayed there till the next morning.

Leah told me the story. She hadn’t been able to fight Ingrid. She had fallen into a crazy world and everything was funny. Ingrid had pushed her into the backseat of a car. Leah said she just pulled herself into a fetal ball trying to shut out the overwhelming clamorous sounds and lights. It had been a nightmare of disorientation that wouldn’t end. She said when the car finally stopped it was dark. Ingrid had talked to her softly and said she was taking her to a safe place. The door to the motel room had been right by Ingrid’s parked car. Ingrid had guided her into the room and sat her on the bed. Leah said she was starting to make sense of reality. She realized Ingrid was putting a handcuff on her wrist. She said she didn’t think twice about it, but instinctively punched Ingrid’s chin. “It was an uppercut like Bertie showed me” she said. She said Ingrid fell back and Leah hit her again with a roundhouse on the nose. Ingrid spun backward and cracked her head on the floor. “She didn’t move after that,” Leah smiled. “I unlocked the door and went to where I could see lights. I found the front office and the man there called the cops”.

“Then there were a lot of police and they got Ingrid. I told them that was her. I was at the police station forever. They had a nurse look at me. I hid how strange I still felt. Sometimes the room and everyone in it seemed like a movie.”

Leah told me one of the detectives had wanted to cut her collar off. She had told him no, that wearing it was required by her religion. He had asked what religion that was and she had said Shinto and it meant she was a virgin. He had left her alone after that. She giggled at her deception.

She held my hand.”You put this on me and you will be the one to take it off.”

I said I was so glad she was safe.

She smiled at me.” You don’t really see all of it do you? Jeremy I was out in the world. I was around strangers! I was able to function! I’m free I can go anywhere I want!”.

That is what we did. We went to movies, baseball games, horse races, art museums, night clubs, Broadway plays and the opera. We spent a day shopping at Macy’s. She wanted to see the ocean so we took a couple days and drove to Cape Cod.

We drove the car onto the beach. She got out of the car and walked alone to the breaking waves. She stood in the surf and let the tide break around her legs. She watched the clouds and the horizon. Then fully clothed, she laughed in joyous abandon and dove into the waves.

That night at a inn, we made love on a squeaking, old fashioned bed. At dawn we quietly sat on the beach and watched the sun rise.

She turned her head to me. “I want to go to college Jeremy, will you let me?”

“Can we just take one day at a time Leah? I replied.

“It will always be the same for us Jeremy,” she gripped my arm. “You know I will always belong to you. I will always be there for you in everything. I just want to learn more and be with other people. I want to see, taste and smell the whole world! Please let me.”

A week later we were in the arboretum. The noon August sun was above us and creating a island of light. We were both naked. I drank a beer as I watched her. She was leashed and kneeling at my feet flipping through a pile of college catalogs. She had decided she liked Columbia and was examining the application to take the entrance exam.

She had on her reading glasses. “Damn I just don’t know about all these references. You think I get any of those judges or politicians that come downstairs to give me one?” She used her pen to make a mark on a form.

I was studying the way the sun shadowed her full upthrust breasts.

I tugged the leash. Her head tilted distractedly at the pull. She continued to read.

I tugged again. This time she turned toward me and noticed I was erect.

“Oh” she said. She moved between my legs. She bent forward and took me in her mouth. She brought her mouth up off my cock and shifted her head. She had the paperwork still in her hand. She looked at it as she moved her mouth on me.

She lifted her mouth. Her lips brushed my cock. “Extracurricular activities! What am I going to put there?”

I tugged the leash. “Expert cocksucker” I said.

She giggled. She took off her glasses and set the papers aside. She situated herself firmly between my legs then looked up at me.

“You’re just prejudiced” She took me deep, sucking as she slowly bowed her head.

Over the past months she had perfected her oral skills. Using her lips and tongue on the shaft and crown she was able to bring me to ejaculation. It was a sensually slow act. She would watch my eyes as she moved her lips across the ridge of my glans. She said she was “coaxing the eruption” It was exquisitely pleasurable.

Our eyes locked as my climax approached. She held my shaft as I came, rubbing it across her pursed lips.

She opened her mouth to take me as sperm flowed over her lips and down her chin. She bowed her head taking me fully in her mouth.

“Leah?” she looked up me, her cheeks concave as she sucked.

“Sit up a minute” I told her.

She swallowed and sat back on her heels.

“Yes?”

“Let me see your neck”

She looked at me in puzzlement and lifted her chin. I pushed her hair back and hooked my finger under her collar. I used the key to unlock it. Her hands came up to to my wrists as I started to pull the collar away. Her eyes where hurt and bewildered.

“Jeremy?”

“You can’t be wearing a dog collar at college.”
Chapter 7 »
Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author




Home » Authors » Taoman » The Summer of Leah » Chapter 7
Chapter 6 Mail Bottom
Chapter 7
Posted: 3/5/2019, 9:53:51 PM
Updated: 3/8/2019, 9:33:18 PM

That fall Leah was accepted at Colombia.

My uncle and I had been in overseas contact by telegraph. He agreed with my release of Leah. He asked me to forego returning to school for a semester. The world was changing in the Far East and he needed someone he could trust. I went to Hong Kong.

I returned to New York City eight months later. I called Leah and we met for dinner. We spent the next three days at the townhouse.

The relationship had changed. After our first night Leah had asked me if I was satisfied with her as a “free” woman. She said wouldn’t mind wearing the collar when we were together if I wanted her that way. I told her I didn’t notice any difference in her. She wanted to know if I saw changes in her? I said no. She said she felt more confidence and liked making her own decisions.

I didn’t see her again until that winter. On her Christmas break we went on a cruise to the Bahamas. The love-making was still intense. But out of bed, we had several heated arguments regarding politics. I had given her the public relations version of what my uncle’s business was involved with in Southeast Asia. She asked several pointed questions about his connections with the US government. She was knowledgeable in current world political situations. I wouldn’t be forthcoming on some matters and she became angry. She was adamantly opposed to western Vietnamese involvement. We argued when not in bed.

I didn’t see her after that till the next Christmas when I back in New York City.

It was a warm reunion. She had missed me and she, too, was often on my mind. She asked about the girls in Hong Kong. She said she knew me and that I wasn’t living like a monk. I told her there was no one special.

She had cut her long hair and was wearing it in a short, fashionable bob. I told her I always loved her long hair. She told me she was a modern woman and that long hair wasn’t fashionable.

She didn’t want to go to the townhouse. She said there was too many memories there. We spent several days at a downtown hotel. We went to movies and a play. She wanted to visit some clubs in the East Village. We avoided politics and I thought that the reunion was special.

We continued to meet this way for the next several years. Her senior year, she told me she was seeing a guy. We had made love and where sharing a cigarette. She put it out in the ashtray. She told me she was in love with this guy. He was smart and wonderful. He had a very promising future. He knew about her past, just not all of it.

She said she needed to stop seeing me. It wasn’t fair to him.

I became angry. I still felt possessive of her. I told her she wasn’t cut out to be an American wife. I asked her if he really knew what she needed?

She became angry. “What? I am supposed to be someone’s mistress or be owned by a man all my life?

Maybe that is not want I want!”

I told her she would never be happy being in an equal marital relationship. Furiously she told me, “I didn’t know her anymore.”

She climbed out the bed and got dressed.

She regained her composure by the time she had slipped her shoes on. She came and sat on the bed.

“You and your damned uncle know that part of me too well. Way, way too well!” She shook her head. “Maybe having a man own me is whom I was meant to be. But no other woman I know would accept that. The world is changing. Women can be strong and independent. I might always have to fight that submissive part of me from coming out. I want to change and put all that behind me. I think I can be happy not being owned by a man.”

I held her hand and we looked at each other.

“Jeremy you took that collar off me. You freed that girl I was. What did you think was going to happen?” she then leaned forward and kissed my cheek.

She stood and put her jacket on. “Please don’t call me. I can’t be tempted by you.”

She turned and left.

I didn’t see her again until 1968. I was a lobbyist for my uncle’s interests at the Presidential Convention that year. Our eyes met across a mass of heads at a post convention party. She immediately started across the floor to me. Every male eye followed her stunning beauty as she passed through the crowd. Her hair was cut close to her head in a shag. She wore a very short skirt which showed those fine legs to perfection.

She came into my open arms and we hugged.

She stood back from me and looked me over. “Damn you! You have no right to look so handsome!”

We sat together at the bar for hours. She had married that guy Ben from college and they had a little girl. She showed me the child’s picture. She was as beautiful as her mother.

Leah looked at the photograph. “She is her daddy’s little girl.”

Leah worked for the State Department as a linguist. Her husband was an MD and they lived in Northern Virginia.

She was at the convention with a woman’s group called Independent Voices. They wanted more say in the party.

It was getting too loud at the bar and we walked out into the veranda.

I kissed her. It was electric.

We broke the kiss. She looked at me, our faces inches apart. “Damn! I forgot how it was to be kissed like that. Jeremy you still make me weak,” she breathlessly giggled.

“Why did you let me go. That young girl loved you so,” she asked.

I told her she had changed too much at school.

She stood back from me. “You really believe that?”

She shook her head and went to the veranda rail. She looked out at the city lights below.

“That girl who once told you she belonged to you forever. She didn’t change. You did. Your uncle ruined you. Those years at college I dreamt of the day after I graduated and could be back fully in your life. I didn’t date. Believe me I was asked out a lot too. I knew if I went with you to Hong Kong there would be other girls. Hell I expected your uncle had a harem of beautifully nubile Asian girls catering to your every need. I would have accepted just being in a line of girls for you to fuck for the rest of my life. As long as I belonged to you.” her eyes searched my face.

“You pushed me away Jeremy’” she said.

“You know when Ben first proposed to me. My first thought was I belong to Jeremy. I can’t be married’” Her eyes where teary. “I hadn’t heard from you in a year.”

She turned from me and wiped her face.

“Ben has been a wonderful husband. He adores me,” She said.

“Dose he ever need to spank you Leah?” I smiled.

She turned to look at me. “That takes a lot of nerve for you to ask me that. You were always so bold”

I shrugged.

“No” she said. “He is such a sweet and kind man. Such thoughts would never cross his mind.”

She changed the subject and asked how my uncle was.

I told her my uncle was fine. Richer than sin. War was profitable. He hadn’t returned to the States since Kennedy was assassinated. He said America had changed too much.

She was silent.

“I loved him. I also hated him,” She added. “He was different from you Jeremy. He was a sadist. I never told how he liked inflecting pain. I was young then and somehow thought I deserved it,” She shook her head. “He loved to use that crop on me.”

She looked at me. “You and I never went to the dark places I did with your uncle. When someone whips you like he could, the pain takes you outside yourself to where you are bonded to the one using the whip. He knew how to break me down to fractured parts of my being. He said he loved to see me dance to the whip.”

She grasped her elbows. “I had to get some therapy for that. I was lucky to find a good female psychiatrist with knowledge of holocaust victims. I probably would never be able to have a normal relationship without that help.”

“I knew I belonged to him. He was my father, my savior and I was his property. A slave girl for his pleasure. A vagina, ass and mouth for his cock.”

She looked in my eyes. “Then you came and it all changed. I felt love. You were good and decent and kind,” She laughed. “But you had enough dominant maleness to bring out my submissiveness,” She looked at me wryly. “You loved having your own little sex slave.”

I grinned.

“I have changed Jeremy. I look back now and don’t recognize the girl I was back then.”

I kissed her again. She held herself to me and we kissed for a long moment.

She broke the kiss. She said softy. “God damn you Jeremy. You bring up feelings I haven’t felt for so long.”

I told her I had a room upstairs and put the key in her hand. I looked at my watch. I told her I just had to meet someone and would be up there in a hour.

I opened the door and she was kneeling naked at the corner of the bed. Her head was bowed.

She lifted her torso, presenting her breasts”This slave awaits her master,” She said.

I came to the bed and looked down at her. I pushed her hair back. She shivered. She was wearing the old collar. I ran my finger under it.

“I always keep it close. It is my own therapy. It is to remind me of who I was once and who I am now,” She looked up at me. “Jeremy make love to me like you own me. Make me remember.”

It was glorious. Her body was still firm and luscious but had matured to a opulent voluptuousness.

Afterward she had slid down my body to take my penis in her mouth. She cleaned our residue with her lips and tongue. She lay with her head on my thigh looking at my cock. “God I didn’t even think twice about doing that. It just happened. I haven’t done it in years,” She bent forward to kiss my penis. “I had forgotten how I like the taste of sex.”

The bed was empty when I awoke. That old collar I had put on her so many years ago lay on her pillow. The lock was open.
Your opinion is important:
Share with others what you think about
"The Summer of Leah"
     

The End

    | Posted: 2019-02-01 Taoman's Blog Share: twitter Tweet 

Home Top Taoman's Page   Feedback to author
Reader Comments
Comment
Taoman
3/7/2019, 9:15:23 PM

@Rhymegirl

I think the positive response from a girl like you, who embraces her submissiveness, is inspiring. I have another story in mind. It is a true life recollection that will have to be done in a way that is not to person and event specific.
   
Rhymegirl
3/7/2019, 2:04:07 PM

I adored Your story and how things went for Leah. He left her alone without Him too long. Love needs to be nurtured or it dies. Jeremy is the loving, gentleman Dominant that I adore. I could stay with One like Jeremy forever. Very well written story. I love it~ Please keep writing!
Replies:   Taoman
   
Taoman
3/6/2019, 10:30:41 PM

@De11al

Life and love are often sad. Leah decided her family was more important than her needs. No this story is over. I think.
   
De11al
3/6/2019, 6:26:21 PM

Ch 7 seems to be a sad ending ... a farewell meeting. Still hope there is more to come, though.
Replies:   Taoman
   
chipum2
2/27/2019, 9:41:03 PM

I was reading in your blog about there being some debate about the quick knock out, I will say this, but I will preface it with I am not the violent type, I was once a bouncer at a bar in Anniston Alabama that was of the redneck variety. Quite often I had to make sure that a violent drunk would move quietly to his mode of transport and either stay in it or leave without disrupting the bar patrons. More often than not they wanted to fight the escort for making them leave the bar. I found a quick blow behind the ear quite effective in making them go to sleep without more fuss.
   

