Femdom Island Ch. 03
byJackBro©

Warning: The following is a sexually explicit story intended for mature audiences. If you are offended by stories of such nature, do not read it. All characters are fictional and not intended to resemble any real people. Comments welcomed.

* * * * *

The next morning Lori decided on a cultural adventure - or at least that was what she told me. It might have been cultural for her, but it was not at all cultural for my cock.

She said she wanted to go to a museum across town to learn more about the history of the female dominant culture. We did go to a museum, true, but it was no ordinary museum. Instead, I discovered the most shocking place I ever visited. Not in my wildest imaginations did I ever imagine such a place could exist.

Lori continued to be privileged with the ability to wear clothes, although I noticed she wore less every day. That morning I awoke to find her modeling a new outfit in the bedroom mirror. She called it a summer dress, but the only thing I noticed were her tits. The dress hugged her body tight to show off every curve. The neckline dropped down low enough to expose several inches of her ample cleavage. Each time I looked upon her I couldn't help but picture her topless. Despite my own nudity, I still had not seen Lori in the nude. Hell, I hadn't even seen her topless.

I never noticed Lori wear provocative clothing before. Back at work she usually dressed quite conservative, which was part of the reason I agreed to go with her on this mission. Her choice of unisex clothing intrigued me. I logically figured that if she wanted to be treated as an ordinary co-worker in spite of her big tits, then she would also treat me as one in spite my nudity. For the first three days she conformed to my expectations, but the milking chamber changed all that!

The reason for her change to provocative clothing, I knew, was because I lacked any clothing myself. She exposed herself because of my own exposure. She liked to get me excited to witness the result.

As a consequence of the summer dress, I was at least semi- erect all morning. I even became fully erect a half-dozen times, which Lori naturally noticed too. Without fail, she would call me into the next room to help her with something when I was in my most excited state. I would have to walk in to join her with an erection.

"Oh John!" She would comment as soon as I was within sight. "Very nice! You don't know how much I like to see you hard and long."

Despite her words, she never did anything about it. She looked, but she never touched. And I was not allowed to touch either. Lori made sure I couldn't touch by first watching me and then by shackling my hands behind my back. The shackles were the worse. Along with the leather tie down straps she purchased the day before, she also took the liberty of buying a set of metal cuffs. The feeling of the cold steel against my wrists only served to increase my arousal.

Of course, I knew what she was really trying to do. By keeping me aroused and excited all morning, Lori was trying to prime me. It was like adding ammunition to a loaded gun, where my cock served as the barrel. I knew by the time she finally got around to it, I was going to give her one hell of a show.

To make matters worse, she made me drink three glasses of goat's milk for breakfast, which I failed to understand at first. Only after I finished the last few drops in the second glassful did she remind me.

"Don't you remember me telling you when you were tied down by your arms and legs?" Lori spoke blankly at the breakfast table. "The goat's milk increases sperm production. So drink up. You're going to need a whole lot of goat's milk for what I have planned for you later today."

I almost choked on the milk as it went down.

"And here's another glass!" Unbelievably, she got up and went to the refrigerator to get a fourth glass. "That was only enough for your left nut. This is to fill the right one."

I sported a raging hard-on by the time I finished drinking it down, which Lori immediately noticed. Naturally, I had been thinking about what she had planned for me later in the day. I wondered what act would require me to have a lot of sperm, but the list was never ending.

By the time the noon hour rolled around, my dick was at a partial erection near continuously. I think I even felt my balls start to swell as a result of all the goat's milk I drank at breakfast, but I think that might have been my imagination. I wasn't so sure about the goat's milk. I figured it was just some crazy story Lori had heard. I think it only made me need to piss more, but my balls did feel a little swollen.

Just in case the crazy story about the goat's milk was true, Lori had me drink three more glasses over lunch.

"You're really going to cumm now," She told me as I started the third glass. "And it's really going to make you last a long time too. They say each glass is good for another squirt, and you've had six so far."

I again wondered about the crazy story. Six squirts certainly would be a lot. I only did four the day before, and that was after an extensive cock-teasing session. I knew six would extend my orgasm out for another minute.

We left immediately after I emptied the glass. It was time to go to the museum.

"Now?" I questioned in surprise. "What about?" I looked down upon my own dick.

"What about it?" She questioned back. "You're dressed fine! Come along with me to the museum and maybe I'll let you fuck me later."

Her suggestion intrigued me. It also served to amplify my hard-on and keep it hard.

"Oh, I like the way you're dressed!" Lori giggled as she opened the front door. "But one more thing! I almost forgot!"

She reached over to pick up the handcuffs lying on the counter. "You'll be wearing these for the rest of the day."

"Please," I tried to stop her but to no avail. She shackled my wrists behind me just before we walked out the front door.

So with my wrists cuffed behind me, we walked out in public. The full erection standing up at attention remained as we passed women in the hallway and then stood next to them in the elevator. I could do nothing to cover myself with my shackled position, which seemed to give the women a little extra delight.

"Isn't he darling," One of them said in the elevator.

"Good length," Another complimented in the lobby.

I was eventually forced to walk out into the street with an erection leading the way. To make matters worse, Lori made certain everyone saw me. She took me by the arm and forced me to walk beside her. Women looked, and they weren't shy about looking either. Many of them stopped and gawked at my cock. Although it was normal for men to remain publicly naked on the island, it was rare for them to be displayed with a public hard-on too.

"Nice pet!" I remember one of them say.

"Nice boner," Complimented another.

I suppose, in a way, I was no different than a sexy young woman strolling down a public street in a string bikini back on the mainland. It felt humiliating, yet at the same time I liked the compliments. Well, at least I liked their compliments well enough to keep me hard.

"I could take care of that problem," A complete stranger eventually offered as she passed.

"Don't worry," Lori answered her back. "I'll take care of him plenty well myself a little later today."

I liked this even more. So did my boner. It stayed hard for the next seven blocks until we reached the cable car.

* * * * *

I didn't know how far we were going. Lori never told me. I had to simply walk beside her and go to wherever she lead. She stepped onto the cable car, and I followed only a few inches behind. For a brief moment I felt relieved to finally be out of the open air and inside an enclosed space. Little did I know the worse part was just beginning.

Lori sat down but not before she first attached the cuffs to the overhead railing. She released me temporarily, but only long enough to pull my hands above my head and force me to again remain exposed and in a position where I could not cover myself.

She also positioned me - although I did not notice it at first - so I was forced to partially block the isle. I did not notice my predicament until one of the ladies got off at the next stop and gently rubbed up her thigh against my dick as she passed. I realized my body partially blocked the isle, and the half-erection sticking straight out of my body blocked it even more. It was inevitable that whoever walked down the isle would brush up against my cock. Most touches appeared accidentally, but I knew more than a few of them were rougher and amply planned ahead of time.

It bothered me the way so many women could look at me so easily. My shackled position gave them an excellent view. They remained free to look at me, while I remained helpless to prevent them. To make matters worse, the ever-constant acceleration, deceleration, bumping, and then braking of the cable car at each stop only helped to entertain them more, as they were free to stair at my cock as it bounced all around.

My member remained partially erect and pointed straight out of my body most of the way, but then came the female passenger who got off the car at fifth-street.

The same woman had already brushed up against me quite noticeably when she first got on and looked at me admirably as she sat in her seat. I noticed her too, for she was a particularly good looking brunette with a chest almost as ample as Lori and with a blouse unbuttoned low enough down the front to nicely show off her cleavage. When she finally exited and got off the car, I felt her. It was sudden and without warning. I felt something on my dick.

All the other women brushed up against my dick with their thighs, but I immediately realized this woman used her hand. She grabbed me. A good-looking young woman who I had never met before suddenly had her hand around my organ. A stranger held me.

She meant business and knew what she wanted. She also wanted me to know it. She grabbed hard, wrapping her fingers around the circumference, and held my pecker in the palm of her hand. Then she squeezed down hard, and I'm talking about really hard. She nearly crushed my dick in her hand.

Worse yet, she kept on walking, pulling my swollen dick along with her. I was forced to take two steps forward and I think my feet nearly left the ground as she gave me a mighty yank. I unintentionally let out a shrill, as it felt like she was pulling my cock right out of my body. The only thing that held me back were my still shackled hands and by now a very slippery cock. Despite her tight grasp, she soon lost it and I sprung back to my original position.

The last thing the woman said as she left the bus was "Have fun ladies." I did not know what she meant at first, until I looked down and saw myself now rising to a full erection.

"Please John," I heard at the same time from behind me. "Stand still and stop shrieking."

"But Lori," I started to say, but then realized it was of no use. I wanted to tell her about the lady and her tight hold upon my boner, but I realized Lori had seen the whole thing. She knew exactly what happened and seemed to enjoy it.

The rest of the women in the compartment enjoyed it too. I knew they especially liked my full erection. I wanted to bring it down, but the grasp and the pull of the stranger was too much. I just stood there in silence and tried to keep still as a dozen women now looked. In addition to seeing me in the nude, the women could see me erect too. I gave them a free, unencumbered view of my erect pecker.

It was a long ride to the museum, only made longer by my predicament. Along the way at least a dozen more women grabbed me, although, thankfully, none as hard as the first. It was very embarrassing, and Lori did nothing to help me. In fact, she giggled each time a stranger grabbed my hard-on. I heard her from behind me, and I could tell she was enjoying herself.

I don't know how long we were on the train. Time had slowed down for me, like the last hour of a long flight. I think the entire trip was really no more than twenty minutes, but in my state it seemed like an hour.

Lori uncuffed my hands from above and recuffed them behind my back when we got near our destination. We exited amongst a sea of people. Office buildings surrounded us. Wide boulevards carried only public transportation. I saw we were downtown.

* * * * *

"Come along John," Lori spoke as I tried to walk behind her and cover my size. "The museum is right over there," She pointed. "One of my newly found friends told me about it, and I can't wait to see the displays."

We walked up a wide set of stairs into an old red-brick building. Along the way she again took me by the arm and forced me to walk by her side - on display. I noticed many women still taking glances and couldn't wait to get inside to cover myself. My erection remained as hard as ever, and now it stood wet with pre- cumm too. My balls were so tight it felt like they were encased in tight strap. Of course there was no strap or any other clothing around my balls. I knew the tightness could be from only one source, all the goat's milk she made me drink during the day.

The museum looked respectable, although I feared what could be on display, especially considering the last public place Lori took me to. I tried to question her about it earlier, but she said little. She only said that a museum display would help us better understand the culture we were living in.

Even after we arrived and I stood in front of the museum, I still didn't know the type of museum it was. Large banners hung on the walls to announce some kind of special expedition, but none of them told anything about it. A fancy sign stood over the main entrance of a long series of glass doors to indicate it was somebody-or-other's memorial museum.

We walked through one of the center doors where Lori showed the receptionist some sort of ticket to get inside. When the young girl collecting the ticket took a glance down at my waist, Lori told her that I was just a little excited to see the show. It was embarrassing, but not nearly as embarrassing as what I was about to see.

I walked in just behind Lori and was shocked. I thought I was seeing things at first. I couldn't believe such a place could exist. I thought maybe they were statures or they were plastic replicas, but I could see they clearly were for real. The exhibition on display for that month at the museum was of healthy men. Healthy men, that is, in the cock department.

Some stood behind iron bars. Others were behind glass. There were men on display all around, and all of them were naked and erect.

"Oh my!" Lori exclaimed almost in a squeal, allowing her own shock to show through. "They told me what it was about, but I never figured there would be so many."

I realized at that moment that Lori had lied to me earlier. She had known what the show was about the whole time.

"Just look at them all!" She scanned the room. "There are so many! And they are so big! This is like dick heaven!"

We stood in the main foyer of the museum for several minutes as others walked by us. Lori went into shock, as was I. I think, for the first time on this island, she was perhaps in even more shock than me.

"This is so great!" She said with glee. "I don't know where to start."

It didn't take her long to decide. We began our tour with the dungeon display. With Lori leading me by the arm and my hands cuffed behind me, I walked unprotected at her side.

We entered a set of double doors to see a man in chains on the other side. A little further along another man was stretched across a wooden rack. As my eyes grew accustomed to the weak light, I noticed both were naked, naturally, and held behind iron bars. Straw covered the floor. The walls were made to look like old, decaying brick. The only light came from electric candles along the wall. Clearly, the place was made up to look like an old dungeon, a dungeon of a sadist female princess that held her harem of male slaves.

"Oh, I really like this!" I heard the excitement sound in Lori's voice. "Just look at this place! This is incredible!"

We walked along to see naked or nearly-naked men shackled in various compromising positions, each in his own cage like an animal exhibited at a zoo.

"How about that one over their John," Lori pointed to one man in particular, held down, face up, with leather straps by his arms and legs and with his ass raised up on wooden blocks as though to place his tool on better display. He wore clothing, but it was ripped almost to shreds as though he had just been attacked by a female dominate. His organ stood out in the center, exposed between two shreds of clothing, on display and fully engorged. I noticed it larger than normal but not too big, maybe 8-inches in length.

"He is supposed to represent a poor, helpless male captured by an evil sea-creature, it says here," She read from a wooden plank tied to the bars of his cage. "It says the creature happens to be a female sea-creature. This poor man was captured in one of her traps and brought down here into her cave where he has no chance to escape. She tied up and stripped him until she exposed the thing she was after, namely his dick. And then, oh my!"

Lori let out a sigh. She kept reading, but refused to speak. I naturally grew curious and looked over her shoulder to try to read the rest.

"Oh my!" She spoke again. "It says here that the sea- creature will soon return. And when she does return, it looks as though he will be attacked again. She is just waiting for his pecker to grow to its full length, and then she is going to return to resume her attack."

Lori paused as though it was too embarrassing to voice out loud. I continued my attempt to read the words myself, but she smartly blocked my view.

"The creature will soon return," She continued after catching her breath. "The sea creature will soon return with a plate full of vegetables which she will then coat with a special sauce. His sauce! And unfortunately for this man, the creature is particularly found of meatballs."

Lori turned to look at me with a great big smile on her face. "And take a guess where the meatballs are going to come from?" She questioned me.

It wasn't hard to figure out. "Him?" I asked simply.

"You got it!" Lori confirmed. "The creature is going to come back into the room and jack him off onto her plate of spaghetti, and then she is going to castrate him!"

Lori stood frozen and simply looked at the shackled man and his erect cock. I stood along side her but tried to look away. I thought it was disgusting, but for some reason my cock refused to get any smaller. I knew it had to be the goat's milk working its magic.

"What an interesting concept," The fantasy actually seemed to excite Lori. "But we better go on."

The next cell held a man in a similar position. He was tied up against an X-shaped structure with his arms and legs spread wide. It looked as though he had been attacked by the same female dominate, his clothing ripped and his body exposed. His organ was left just as unprotected as the one in the previous cell.

"Look at those balls," Lori pointed out, which we could easily see due to his spread eagle legs and raised shaft. "He's got quite an impressive nut sac! His balls look like they are just made to be squeezed! And his pecker isn't bad either!"

He was about the same size as the first, standing upright at about 8-inchs in length. I noticed every man looked to be larger than what I considered average. I also noticed every man sported a hard-on. I wondered why they didn't have the common sense to bring themselves down, but a moment later I found out.

A bikini clad woman with a big set of tits passed by us and entered the cell. She looked down at his organ for a second, and then walked behind him and reached around.

"Oh yes!" The man cried out as she stroked it.

She stroked it several times, and each time the man cried out with pleasure. I had to turn away after the second one, unable to watch, but I noticed Lori had her eyes riveted on him the entire time.

"No! No!" I then heard him yell out nearly in a scream. At first I thought he was being whipped or put into pain in some way, but in actuality the woman had only let go. He was crying out in desperation for release. I watched as he struggled at his bonds and tried to hump thin air in a desperate attempt to get off.

I felt sorry for him, but Lori did not.

"I guess now we know why he has such big balls," She whispered to me almost in a laugh. "They must really be full of sperm, just like yours! We have to remember to come back to watch when it's his time to shoot off."

She pointed to a pad of paper sitting on a three legged stool. On the top was a cardboard cutout of a clock with the hour hand pointed to two and the minute hand pointed to three. Below was a simple explanation. The clock indicated what time the man was scheduled to get off. The spectators could see it, but the man could not. Therefore, he never knew which masturbation session would bring release. Looking at the picture and then over to Lori's watch, I saw he still had a half-hour to go. It didn't look like he would make it that long, and then I wondered how long it had been since the clock was first set. By the size of his balls, I'm sure it was several hours.

The bikini clad beauty, meanwhile, continued her rounds. She went down to the next cell and then onto the next. I would have liked her to reach out to masturbate on me too, but then quickly erased the idea from my mind out of fear of becoming hard again.

We finished with the dungeon display and arrived back again at the main foyer.

"I wonder what other goodies they have on display here?" Lori questioned more to herself than me.

"This one looks interesting," She pulled me along to another set of double doors. Above the doors stood the sign: "Does Size Make a Difference?"

Lori giggled as she read it. It took little effort to guess what the display was about.

"Oh my God!" She exclaimed as soon as we walked inside. "My God! Look at him! Just look at him!"

Directly in front of us, in the middle of the room so no one could possibly miss him, was the most well endowed man I had ever seen. He stood there completely naked with an organ that seemed to extend half way down to his knees.

"My God!" Lori kept exclaiming in shock. "I didn't know they could grow so big. What kind of girl could even take that thing?"

I wondered about it myself. The guy was about a foot long, and he was still in the flaccid state. Full, he would have to be, I don't know, about sixteen inches. And he wasn't only long, he was wide too, as wide as a forearm. I couldn't imagine any girl deep or wide enough to take him.

Lori admired him for several minutes. "Wow!" She kept saying. "Wow! Wow! Wow! His cock certainly is impressive, don't you agree John?"

"I suppose so," I answered shyly, not entirely sure what to say. "But a little impractical," I pointed out. "I mean, you already said it. No one could accept him."

Lori let out a little laugh. "Yes, but it certainly would be fun to try!" She laughed some more and then went on.

No other man was quite so impressive, but they were all big and some of them were even hard. Lori especially liked the hard ones, naturally, and she especially liked the hard ones with the longest peckers. First, we came to a man with an eight-inch rod. The next room was filled with three men shacked up together, each with a ten-inch long member.

"Wow, what monsters!" Lori gasped as she stared. "Just think what it would be like to be fucked by one of those things!"

She continued to stair, and as she stared I felt her hand move. She released my own hand from her grip and reached over to touch my cock.

I jumped back.

"No!" She corrected, and touched it again. This time she wrapped her hand around and pulled me forward. I felt that I was hard.

"Good boy!" She complimented. "Good boy John. You're providing me what I desire, although what I really desire is one of those cocks instead. I've always fantasized what it would be like to be fucked by a really big man. Just look at them!"

She continued to do so along with about a half-dozen other women standing before the display. They looked too, and I noticed they also looked at me as though to compare relative sizes. I politely remained hard for their enjoyment, not that I had any other choice with Lori's hand firmly grasped around.

"Very impressive," She finally concluded. "And we still have one more display to go."

I noticed as we progressed through the displays that each cell held a larger man. It therefore was easy to guess what stood behind the large group of women in the last cell of the display.

We walked up to join them with Lori's hand still firmly clasped around my erect cock. She held my hard organ in her hand as though it existed as a convenient handle to pull me along.

"A foot-and-a-half!" She spoke as she read the sign standing at the entrance of the room. "It says this one is a full 16 inches in length. Just think, a full foot-and-a-half of cock."

She squeezed tighter and pulled me inside.

I wanted to correct her. Sixteen inches was not quite a full foot-and-a-half in length, but then I saw him and realize it didn't much matter. The guy behind the bars looked almost deformed.

"Holy fuck!" Lori gave my organ a mighty squeeze, indicating she saw him too. "Look at him! Just look at him!" She nearly yelled it out. "His cock looks to be about the size of a horse's."

He stood firm and hard, upright at attention with a full hard-on. A busty beauty stood close beside him to keep him that way. Even I had to agree he looked impressive.

"Sixteen inches of man-meat," Lori spoke to me in a whisper. "My God! What a monster!"

We stood for several seconds at the display. Lori kept her hand firmly clasped around my pole the entire time. I noticed none of the other women looked at me now. They were too entranced by the big man behind the iron bars.

Then I felt it. It came from behind me. I felt a hand on my bare ass.

"Lori," I let out a high-pitched yelp. "Someone else is touching me.

She looked at me confused. Then she looked behind me and smiled. Clearly, she saw whoever it was who touched me. By the feel of the hand, I could tell it was another woman, although I could not see myself.

"What's wrong John?" She questioned. "Where is she touching you?"

"My ass!" I told her. "Someone's got their hand on my ass!"

Lori looked at me and shrugged her shoulders. "So, what am I supposed to do about it?" And then she quickly turned her attention back to the big cock behind the bars.

I felt humiliated, and then I was made to feel even worse.

"Lori!" I cried out again. "Oh Lori, you have to do something!"

I couldn't believe what was happening! I wanted to push my waist forward, but Lori firmly held me back.

"Please Lori!" I cried.

"What is it now?" She asked as though I was only a minor annoyance.

"It's the woman with her hand on my ass!" I tried to push forward again but was held back.

"Yes," Lori didn't even bother to look at me. "What about the woman with her hand on your ass?"

"She's trying to," I still couldn't believe it. "She's trying to push into me!"

Lori only let out a sigh. "Push into where?" She questioned.

I couldn't believe she didn't understand, but then I looked over and realized she did. As much as Lori tried to sound disinterested, she couldn't disguise it. I saw a great big smile on her face and realized she knew full well what was going on behind me. Maybe she had even planned the whole thing.

"Oh shit!" I cried out in shock. "She's in!"

Lori couldn't hold back any longer and looked at me with a laugh. "In where?" She could hardly say it.

"Oh shit!" I cried out again. "A woman's got her finger up my ass!"

Lori's smile grew even bigger. Then she spoke just like before. "So, what am I supposed to do about it?" And she turned her head back to the big man behind the stage to watch him.

Behind the bars in front of me I saw the buxom beauty reach around and lightly tease the head of the big cock with her fingers.

"Stand still," Lori spoke as she temporarily let go and performed a similar ritual on me.

"Oh John!" She liked it. "Very good. That's very considerate of you!"

I felt wetness. I realized I was pre-cumming. It was inevitable given the two female hands on my body at the same time.

I pre-cummed some more, and after Lori judged there was enough, she temporarily let go in order to spread it all around. Soon, I was not only naked, but wet and slippery with a cummed- up cock too. The woman's hand stayed inside me the whole time.

Suddenly, Lori wanted to leave. "We need to go," She told me as she backed me up through the crowd of women and then pulled me along. Thankfully, the finger left my ass.

I only discovered the reason for her change in plans when we reached the display cage from 20 minutes before. The big man remained shackled, behind the iron bars, with his erect dick still pointed firmly up into the air. His pole continued to sparkle with wetness, and his swollen nuts continued to look as though they were about to burst out of his sac. I realized it was time for his milking. Lori wanted to witness the big man erupt.

"He should make for a really good show," She confirmed my suspicions. "Just look at the size of his nuts! I bet he's going to cumm in gallons."

I've never met a girl like Lori before; a girl who so much enjoyed watching a man eject. She already watched me do it several times, and I had a strong suspicion she was going to watch me several times more.

Soon, the female master arrived. She walked into the cage and began to stroke him, except this time she was not going to stop. We all knew this already. Only the man with the cock being stroked did not know.

"Oh, Oh, Oh!" The shackled man cried out.

"He's close!" Lori spoke excitedly, squeezing my cock at the same time. Each time the shackled man cried out with an "Oh," Lori gave my own cock a squeeze.

It did not take him long to cumm, and when he did cumm it came almost as a surprise.

"Oh yes!" He cried out as Lori gave my cock its most intense squeeze yet.

The seductress let go and a moment later he erupted - and did he ever erupt.

"Holy shit!"

He let go with the biggest, most powerful squirt of jizm I ever witnessed. It shot four feet up into the air and didn't land until it was at least ten feet away from his shackled form.

"Fuck!" Lori yelled out as he squirted so far that it went through the iron bars and splattered on her leg. And then he did it again, and then he did it yet again. The second spurt just barely made it to the bars. The third landed on the stray-covered floor between us.

"Holy fuck!" Lori cried out each time. "It looks alive!"

I noticed her eyes stayed locked on his spurting member, and I could see why! It was an arousing sight, even for me. For as his cock erupted, I saw it move. It pulsated and spasmed. It tensed, sprang up, and even seemed to grow and extra inch. And then, just before it was about to erupt, it did! It sent forth a gusher. And it did it again and again.

"Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!" Lori spoke in time with his pulsating member. "He's cumming like a fire hose!"

And he really was! I never would have believed it if not seen for myself. The guy looked like a cumm producing machine.

The fourth and fifth squirts weren't quite as intense, and then they rapidly began to diminish. They did not diminish altogether, however. I still saw his cock continue to spasm and his balls lurch up and down in his sac in an attempt to get off some more. The man looked utterly exhausted by the time he was done.

"Oh John!" Lori told me. "Thank you for bringing me here. That was the best show I've ever seen!"

I don't know why she said this, for I did not bring her here at all. The whole thing was her idea.

"And you feel as though you want to join him!"

She still had her hand around my cock. She had it around me through the whole show. I was the only man there, and she said it loud enough for several other women to hear.

"A bonus round," The woman next to me said.

"Yes, let's see how he compares," Said another.

I couldn't believe this! I stood out in public, surrounded by horny women, and Lori wanted to do me.

"Please!" I tried to stop her. "Not here! Not in front of all these women."

Against my objections, I felt it. Lori made a single stroke up and then back down the length of my erect member. By now I had grown slightly flaccid from all her squeezing, but the single stroke made me spring back up.

"Oh John, I like that," She felt it. "I guess that means a yes!"

"No!" I quickly countered.

She answered my objection with another stroke.

"Go for it!" The woman to my side changed position to look at me head-on.

"Over here," Another woman yelled out to the crowd. "We have a bonus round!"

This was like the milking station all over again, except this time I was standing and remained free to run out the door, yet I didn't. I knew the consequences. Plus, secretly, I think I wanted her to do it.

She took a third and then a forth stroke in rapid succession.

"No!" I tried to stop her. "Please Lori, not in front of all these women!"

I heard her giggle and then speak. "Your voice says no, but your body says yes," She pointed out.

She stroked me three more times. I suddenly started to pre- cumm once more.

"Oh John, that's even better!" She complimented. "You want to do it in public, don't you?"

She stroked my cock again, and then she stroked it yet again. After I pre-cummed she started to really go at it. Lori pumped my member like she owned it - which I suppose she did!

More and more women started to join us. First a dozen in the original crowd, and then another dozen from down the hall from both directions. I suppose word was spreading.

I couldn't believe what was happening! I was actually being jerked off in public. Lori began to pump me continuously, and I knew what was going to happen. With my heightened state of arousal from her summer dress, the bus ride, and then her hand; I had no other choice. I knew I would soon cumm. And even worse, I was going to cumm in front of a crowd of horny women.

The only redeeming feature was that only a few would be able to see my cock erupt. Lori stood in front of me with one hand on my nipples and the other pumping my cock. Therefore, she blocked the view. They could only see me from the side, but all that was about to change.

"I can't see! I can't see!" Several women complained.

I was thankful to hear this, but then I heard another voice give a suggestion.

"Let us all see!" A voice sounded from directly behind Lori. "Give him a wrap around!"

I didn't know what this meant, but from the smile on Lori's face I knew she did.

"What an excellent idea!" She agreed. "What do you think John? Do you think I should give you a wrap around?"

I stilled didn't know what a "wrap around" meant, but I still answered with a "no." Whatever it was, I knew it couldn't be good.

I was right!

Lori backed away, walked half-way around me, and then brought her hand around from behind. As soon as I felt her hand on my cock again, I knew! She wrapped her hand around my body and grabbed my erection while standing behind me.

"Is this better?" She asked.

Before me stood at least 30 women, and now they had a clear and open view. A cheer rose up from the crowd in response to Lori's question.

"Yes, much better," I heard someone say.

"That looks great!" Voiced another female.

Before they could stop cheering, she started up again.

"No Lori! Please!" I tried to stop her.

"Yes John! Yes!" She replied in return. "It's time for you to give these women a show!"

Lori started up faster than when she left me. Her hand raced up and down the length of my boner. I knew I wouldn't be able to hold out for very long.

"No! Please! Not in front of all these women!"

"Yes you will!" She countered. "You're going to show them how much you can cumm after all that goat's milk!"

Her hand pumped me even faster. I felt myself rapidly approach the point of no return.

"Do it to him!" The audience shouted.

"Yes, do it for them!" Lori agreed.

Her pistoning hand increased its stroking action one notch further. I knew there was no hope for my well displayed and thoroughly abused cock.

"No! No Lori!" I cried out as it did it. My waist thrust forward. My cock pointed up at full mast. It pulsated and spasmed for just a moment before Lori let go and showed off my full glory.

My cock screamed at the absence of her hand. It screamed in the form of a powerful spasm. I thrust out my waist, shoved my cock up and into the air, and spurted.

The crazy story Lori had heard about the goat's milk turned out to be true. I noticed it on my first squirt. Instead of cumming in a short spurt, my cock came in a long, continuous flow. I couldn't believe how much quantity I cummed. Somewhere in the background I heard a cheer go up from the audience as I felt my cock let go with a powerful eruption.

First one and then another, my cock erupted again and again, sending multiple bursts of sperm rocketing into the air and then splattering on the floor in front of me.

Lori, meanwhile, kept her hand away from my cock so they could enjoy the show. The audience got to see everything.

Comments Welcomed