Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index
Chapter 1: Paid Vacation
Posted: May 27, 2012 - 07:59:09 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Finally, the time was at hand - the girls were arriving today! This past week was devoted to getting everything on the island ready for the six young ladies who would spend the upcoming six weeks here with me. I worked 20 hours per day getting the mansion ready, installing all of the wiring and video equipment, and finally stocking the supplies for the six women and yours truly with plenty left over to spare for emergencies. The supply boat would only come once a week, so if there was a massive storm or unforeseen disaster, we could potentially be stranded. With the reserves in place, however, we would not be stranded without an ample amount food and other necessities to easily tide us through. Thus, everything on the island was set to go.

Soon, it would be time to take the big boat to the mainland and pick the ladies up at the airport. I could hardly wait!

With their detailed biographies and several photographs archived on my computer server, I decided to take one final look at the collection of women before departing. They had been interviewed and screened extensively for what would happen over the upcoming six weeks. I did my best to get a nice variety of different looks and personalities. At the same time, though, my goal was for the girls to be compatible with not only me, but each other as well. Their individual profiles were a definite sight to behold on the computer.

All six of these women were chosen with the highest regard to physical appearance, brains and temperament. A great deal of time and money had been invested into this. A whole year of preparations were at stake, beginning with the thousands of flyers sent to health clubs and universities all across North America offering six weeks of relaxation and fun on the tropical island that I called home, and a cool, whopping payment of $100,000 (USD) at the end. One of these six women would receive something even more lucrative - $500,000 (USD).

The inquiries flooded in and then the applications. Going over them resulted in three-fourths being promptly rejected, but then it got much tougher. Requests for additional information, including photographs, were sent out and as a result, some of the applicants replied. The list was pared once again and then from there, the finalists were chosen subject to comprehensive background searches and, more importantly, one-on-one video conference interviews. From those 20 finalists, the super six were eventually chosen. Perhaps not surprisingly, those decisions certainly rank as some of the hardest that I have ever had to make in my life.

Who were these ladies? They ranged in age from 18 to 30, and all of them were bi-sexual or, at the very least, overly curious concerning other women. It was a requirement for acceptance. Obviously, it turned a lot of potentials away, but those were the only type of ladies that I was interested in bringing to the island. As for who each of them were...

A glorious, sexy melange of Spanish and Asian heritage, Camille was a buxom and charming 25-year-old who worked as a title processor for a real estate agency in the San Diego area. Camille had an incredible body, no doubt, but also the outgoing nature and friendly demeanor to match. Long, coal-black hair and dark, piercing eyes only added to her sensuous appeal. The luscious Latina still lived at home with her parents, but looked at these upcoming six weeks on the island as a way to really branch out in life and explore new possibilities. I was happy to afford her the chance.

The dancing queen of Baltimore, Pamela had made quite a nice living for herself in the fast-paced, frenzied world of adult entertainment. More specifically, Pamela (age 30) was a stripper. She certainly did not fit its usual stereotype, however. Pamela was perhaps the smartest, most intellectual person I had ever come across in my life. She was a proud, card-carrying member of _Mensa_ and ranked very high on the Dean's List at the Maryland university which she attended. Pamela was using her earnings as an exotic dancer to make it through college, with the goal of one day becoming a teacher.

Age 30 as well, Amy was employed as both a waitress and bartender at a Cincinnati restaurant. A red-headed ravisher who was much more than just a pretty face (and fantastic body), the first thing people invariably noticed about Amy was her astonishing beauty. And why not? It was difficult to miss. A creamy-skinned seductress with emerald green eyes and all-natural 36d-25-36 measurements that were nicely packed onto her 5-foot-6 frame, Amy was the type of woman who got noticed everywhere she went simply because of her physical characteristics alone. An extremely flirtatious and aggressive individual, Amy welcomed (and craved) all of the lustful attention that was continually heaped upon her.

But like everyone else, Amy had her shortcomings. She had been through a failed marriage and seemed to take immense pride in exuding a _bad girl_ persona. In fact, Amy cheated on her ex-husband with four different guys in their first year of marriage, and then more in the third (and final).

Still, I got the feeling from our telephone conversations that Amy was a good and sincere person. She had made some very misguided and wayward decisions in her life - no doubt - but there was something about Amy which drew me to her, and piqued my interest. I believed if she were to find the right man, Amy would finally settle down and turn out to be the ideal, picture-perfect (and faithful) wife. Could that elusive _right man_ ultimately turn out to be yours truly?

A true, quintessential All-American girl, Devon was apple pie, soft blue eyes and warm summer nights on the front porch swing. The 27-year-old had a spellbinding face and shiny, long blonde hair, a taut, shapely figure, flawless skin and an upbeat, lively attitude. With all of these positive attributes, as well as a personable and gregarious nature, how could anyone _not_ find a lady such as Devon appealing?

In fact, I got the impression during our initial telephone discussion - and nothing had changed my mind since - that Devon was a true, bona-fide princess. Her squealy voice and infectious personality had warmed my heart, and made me feel good inside. Also during those same conversations, I came to the conclusion that there was a good, genuine quality about Devon. What exactly _was_ genuine, I was not sure of at this point in time. But I had six whole weeks to find out...

Trish was a marvelous, captivating young lady with lush brown eyes, long, yellow-blonde hair and the type of bright, pearly-white smile often seen in toothpaste advertisements. Trish's natural beauty was all-encompassing - from the toes on her feet all the way up through a 5-foot-4 frame of toned, busty flesh, to the very crown of her pretty head.

Trish was the only woman of the group who did not reside in the United States. She was a born-and-bred Canadian who had spent all of her life in and around Toronto. Trish was a physical fitness enthusiast who found work as an instructor at a health club in her hometown. This 30-year-old was full of the sweetness and sunshine that made everyone around her feel as if they had just met a new friend. Trish was the type of woman that good things always seemed to happen to, simply because she was such a warm-hearted, friendly person.

Trish's dream in life, aside from getting married and having a family, was to own a fitness center. Perhaps the money that I was paying her for spending these six weeks here would help make that dream a reality for her? Or maybe I would assist in helping Trish's ultimate dream come true? That being, of course, the aspiration of one day finding a husband and having children with him. Could that man be me?

Last but certainly not least was Lindsay, a deliriously beautiful 18-year-old who just graduated from high school three days ago. Lindsay was a total vision of loveliness who seemed entirely too sweet and innocent to get involved in a naughty project such as the one that I was presenting. Nevertheless, I gladly welcomed Lindsay, along with her very ripe and nubile 34c-22-32 figure, into my midst.

With long-flowing blonde hair, blue eyes and the face of a cosmetics model, Lindsay was the embodiment of everything that a cheerleader should be. She was the captain of the squad while attending high school in Ohio and, I am certain, brought a great deal of _team spirit_ to the mix. I would also wager that Lindsay had invoked a lot of vivid fantasies and desires for others while shaking that little cheerleader ass of hers, too. She definitely would have for me! Oh ... just the mere idea really seems to get me going.

All six of these women were bi-sexual, beautiful and very unique, but in their own special way. My upcoming sabbatical with them promised some fireworks as the group of charming ladies began to compete for the grand payout of $500,000.

The catch, however, was that none of them knew what the criteria for winning the big prize was. I was not about to clue them in, either. All they knew and all they would be told was that six weeks from now, one of them would receive a cashier's check for $500,000. The remaining five would also receive a cashier's check, but for $100,000. The process for choosing who got the big payout would remain a mystery until the end. I felt as if this was really the only way to go.

A brief 30 minutes after I had arrived at the airport on the mainland, the jetliner approached and touched down. I watched it taxi to the terminal building and stop 50 feet short. A few moments later, the plane rolled forward until it reached the gate. There were about 200 passengers aboard, but six of them belonged to me. My body started to tingle as droves of travelers began filing out into the airport gate. All of the hard work, the preparations, the countless hours and restless nights over the past year for this one, exact moment ... I could not believe that it was finally here!

It was quite easy to pick out which of the passengers were guests of mine. All I had to do was pay attention to the twitching of my cock - it had an excellent memory of all of the photographs and profiles saved on the computer server back on the island. Fortunately for me, I had on a pair of casual, loose-fitting shorts!

As the travelers exited the airline, I held up a sign to let the six girls know that I was here to greet them. In two minutes, the whole group was standing around me in a semi-circle. They were even more beautiful in person!

"Welcome ladies," I announced to them. "My name is Jeremy and I shall be your host for the next six weeks. We'll have your luggage taken to the boat and then we shall then head for our island paradise retreat. Are there any questions?"

"How about we stop and get something to eat, eh? I do not know about everyone else, but I'm absolutely STARVING! All there was to eat on the plane was little snack boxes."

My mind flashed through the several photographs/profiles and tried to put a name with the face. "Sure ... Trish, isn't it?" Yes, Trish ... I said to myself. I actually came to that conclusion not because I had placed her name with any of her photographs (or even the video conference we once shared), but because of the ripe Canadian flavor in Trish's voice (the _eh_ gave it away). "There is plenty of food and refreshments on the big boat," I added, my focus locked onto the beautiful, breathtaking blonde from Toronto. "You will have all you can eat there, and I promise it will be much more appetizing than your typical airline box snack."

Several of the girls laughed as Trish rubbed her flat, toned stomach with a hopeful expression on her enchanting face. She must have really been hungry, I told myself.

Wanting to soothe those pains, I quickly headed for the exit to the terminal building and the group followed in tow. I could tell that the ladies had already developed some friendships as they got to know one another on the _long_ airline flight here from Miami, Florida. They were bound to find each other - since all of them were instructed to wear black wristbands around their right elbow. Not only that, but their seats were all grouped together on the airline as well. It had been my plan for them to develop friendships on the flight. Now, I realized that it worked. I could not be more happier because of this, too...

All of the ladies and yours truly hopped into the private bus that I had previously arranged for, and we were promptly whisked across town to the marina. Once their luggage was stowed away, the group boarded the big boat with me - a 72 foot, high-speed _Teknicraft Catamaran Excursion Cruiser_ - and we immediately set sail for our destination. Since the capacity for this vessel - aptly dubbed by myself as the _Pussywillow Express_ (for obvious, clear-cut reasons!) - was 172 passengers, there was an ample amount of room for everyone to kick back, relax and feel comfortable.

During the cruise, a couple of the ladies had gathered in the lower cabin, where they relaxed while lightly snacking and sipping some refreshments (the hungry Trish included, of course). The remaining ladies were all assembled on the top deck of the boat, getting an early start with their suntans. The respective conversations between both groups had become quite friendly and animated; everyone was having a wonderful time. That made me feel even better. Needless to say, I was aiming for a very peaceful co-existence for the seven (and eventually nine) of us over the course of the next six weeks. That was a very tall order, indeed, but it was my goal.

Past the barrier reef, the waves became larger and some of the ladies squealed with delight at the roller coaster ride, while others held on tight, looking scared and pale. Lindsay, the 18-year-old from Ohio, seemed to be having the most difficulty during the choppy water phase of our voyage. But a big bowl of vanilla ice cream (topped with sprinkles and chocolate syrup, of course), as well as words of healthy support from Trish and Devon, seemed to help settle and soothe Lindsay's jaggled nerves. Still, the girl was having problems and would probably be happier than anyone else once we finally reached landfall. Clearly, Lindsay had never been on a long ocean cruise - four hours - like this before.

Add all of those thousands of miles Lindsay spent flying in the air earlier today to the bumpy boat ride, and I believe that it would be safe to assume that she was feeling a bit nauseated right now. Concerned for her, I promised Lindsay that we would reach our island destination soon.

And sure enough, we did.

With layers of clouds trickled here-and-there, the sky surrounding the setting sun on this breezy June evening was a brilliant, tropical shade of orange as the catamaran made its final approach toward the island. All six of the ladies were gathered together upon the top deck of the boat, so they could take in the wondrous, untamed beauty of the island. The general consensus among them was a sense of sheer awe.

I have held steadfast in the belief since day one that anyone would be hard-pressed to find a more beautiful, picturesque location in the entire world than the private island which I had considered home for the past 16 years.

Located 130 miles away from the coastal city of Lima, Peru (South America), the island was literally a virgin territory. With the exception of the large mansion, outdoor recreation complex, horse stables and access roads which encircled it, the island was basically the same as God had created it. That, of course, was the way it should be.

The few people who visited my little corner of paradise over the past 16 years fell in love with the dramatic views, the tropical fusion of stars at night and the chance to be alone with the elements. Here one found palm-fringed blue lagoons, a lush rain forest, hidden gardens, cascading waterfalls and a wild river running between two canyons. And those beautiful beaches - gold, red, black and green sands - were caressed by an endless, peaceful surf.

The putt-putt golf course, located in the recreation area next to the mansion, had an intricate (and very unique) design which appealed to even novice players. Alternative forms of outdoor entertainment included horseback riding in the forest, scuba diving off the coast, or taking the _Jeep_ for the day and paving one's own course through the wilderness. This island was, without question, a true paradise.

The stirring of my cock reminded me to keep my mind on the task at hand, or run the definite risk of foundering on the barrier reef. I quickly steered the large boat into the opening of the reef left by the fresh water pouring into the ocean at that spot, and docked at the pier.

"Ladies, we have arrived. There are also food and drinks at the mansion. Please leave your luggage here on the boat. We can come back later and pick the bags up with the _Jeep_. No use carrying the luggage all the way to the mansion."

They all seemed in agreement. After I secured the boat, the girls jumped out and we headed up the narrow path to the main house some 2,000 feet away. The last 100 were steps which had been laid with slabs of volcanic rock. The estate, a Mediterranean-style villa, greeted us with its wide-open design which allowed the sea breezes to easily pass through and carry the scent of flowers and the fresh, tropical air.

At the front entry, several of my lovely female guests turned their attention toward the center peak of the home. This was where, at a two- and three-story height, etched glass front doors and windows depicted the sea at the bottom and birds in the sky at the top. Outside colors, I should mention, were peach and aqua, which (in my opinion) enhanced the serenity and tranquil ambiance that prevailed here. But the outside of the estate, although beautiful, did not even begin to tell the story about what awaited indoors.

Stepping inside, the ladies were immediately stunned by the eye-catching assortment of interesting and entertaining details. To help create and maintain a sense of warmth in a residence this large, there was an abundance of visual stimuli. Everywhere there was something to see, something going on, something intriguing.

Inside the front room was a circular wet bar sculpted with a rich, blue granite countertop. Several panels of beveled mirror wrapped around the bar and reflected the creamy-toned marble floor outlined in sheer, black granite.

Beyond the bar was the rear wall of glass doors which opened to a reflection pond. In the center of the pond were two volcano-like apparatus structures which erupted with fire under the control of the home's automation system. The automated computer system included 30 miles of wiring which controlled all of the home's lighting, climate settings, music and security. At the touch of many LCD panels located throughout, music by way of CD/MP3 or satellite station could be played in any zone of the estate.

Views from inside the front doorway also included the tropical forest and the infinity-edge swimming pool which seemingly emptied out into the Pacific in the distance. Additionally, the backyard included waterfalls, pools and rock fountains surrounded by lush, abundant landscaping.

Ahead and off to the left of the bar area was an informal eating nook that was nestled in a corner beside the glass windows and doors for maximum views of the outdoors. To preserve these views from nearby areas, the nook featured an all-glass table with acrylic chairs. Solid furniture would have obstructed the view and distracted from the openness.

Adjacent from the nook was the kitchen. A chef's dream, this kitchen contained two of each major appliance, and a trio of dishwashers. One of them was a huge machine that featured a conveyer belt for the cleaning and drying of the dishes. Cabinetry was maple with black granite countertops and backsplashes to contrast the light colors of the walls. The design of the ceiling mimicked the shape of the island and breakfast bar cabinetry. In the dining room, the dark wicker chairs and wooden table (large enough to comfortably seat 15) made an elegant statement without being too flashy.

The living room was seen from the dining room through an archway. There, the fireplace of French marble rose more than 20 feet and was framed by sweeping panels of mirrors. Glass doors revealed the awesome view of the pools and rock fountains against the backdrop of the lush forest.

Needless to say, the ladies were captivated as I took them on the whirlwind tour. Trish made the comment that she believed houses like this only existed in the movies, while Lindsay said that this was definitely nothing like the Ohio residence she had grown up on during all of her 18 years.

Before reaching the master suite, one would have to pass through the anteroom where the _glass wall_ was showcased. Weighing a full two tons, the nine-foot-wide curving wall was 3,000 feet of 1/4-inch plate glass layered and secured into place. Over 1,000 fiber optic strands were inserted when the glass was installed. Those fiber optic strands produced dazzling, brilliant beams of light of 56 different patterns.

The ceiling here was also a work of art, consisting of four fiberglass sections forming a dome that was painted to resemble the evening sky and then illuminated with fiber optic lights to twinkle like bright stars. A medallion on the floor also reflected the changing colors of light.

The opposite wing of the mansion included a hobby room, shower room, ten guest suites with restrooms, the home office and an _OmniMAX_ movie theater. The walk, 200 feet in length from one wing to the other, was entertaining.

One of my favorite features was the wall of electronic art located just before arriving at the huge office. Three abstractly-configured, etched glass frames contained flat screen studio monitors for digital art. Thousands of digital photographs were stored in computers that drove the screens. The automation system could randomly sequence the pictures, or change them after a sensor detected someone passing by. Either way, the digital art was unique and provided an interesting and ever-changing variety of images.

Beyond the hobby room was a spiral staircase that led to a rooftop garden overlooking the main pool and tennis court. An elevator descended to the below-ground recreation room, which included a variety of slot and pinball machines with bubblers, arcade games and neon lights above. I even had a _PlayStation 3_, _X-Box_, _X-Box 360_ and three _Alienware_ computers with Internet access available. The bright colors of the carpet throughout added to the overall sense of fun that I wanted the recreation room to portray to others.

After doubling back to the main entrance, I turned and smiled at the lovely collection of ladies. "This is as much your home for the upcoming six weeks as it is mine. I want you to explore and dabble in everything that there is to do here. The only place that is strictly off-limits to you, without getting permission first, is my own bedroom. No one is allowed in there without knocking first. Please, now ... can everyone agree with that?" Nods all around...

"There is so much that I want to do here!" Trish squealed, obviously full of excitement. "I want to try the recreation room where all those games and pool tables are. But I also want to go swimming in that beautiful pool outside. I want to play putt-putt golf and watch movies in that theater! I wanna go to the beach, too! Think how awesome it must be!" Indeed, Trish was literally bubbling over with enthusiasm.

"I could go for in a good dip in the pool," Pamela mused. "It felt so humid and dry outside."

I smiled at her. "Another thing all of you will like is that each guest suite comes with its own personal climate conditioning system. Just type whatever temperature you want on the wall panel, and you're set. It ranges from 50 to 85 degrees Fahrenheit. The change is almost instantaneous. It is the best climate conditioning system money can buy."

"50?" Devon gushed. "I don't think we want it THAT low."

"My brother, Eduardo, keeps his house around 60 degrees in the summer," Camille complained. "I'm always cold there. He does it because of his allergies. Whenever I visit him, I sit outside more often than not. I'm basically forced to. It feels like an arctic freeze inside his house."

"I would sit outside if I were you, too," Trish offered. "Isn't the weather in San Diego gorgeous year-round, eh? I would doubt there is even a need for an air conditioner."

"I bet there is plenty more to see in this mansion," Amy said, looking my way. "You didn't show us everything..."

I shook my head at her. "No, I didn't. But I will in due time. Feel free to branch out and explore on your own. You may go anywhere except my private suite. As I think about it, Louisa's room is off-limits, too. But I see no reason why you would want to go into her suite. She is our cook and housekeeper, and is 76 years of age."

Pamela glanced about in all different directions. "The guy who owns the strip club where I work has a mansion sort of like this. I say SORT OF because this place is so much better. He throws holiday parties for us there every year. I must say that this house is a hundred times bigger, too."

"And a million times more impressive, I'd wager," Trish chimed in. Excellent, I told myself. Clearly, all of my esteemed guests were in love with the house and everything that it had to offer. Especially Trish. I felt relieved.

"Where can a girl get something to drink around here?" Amy asked, obviously referring to alcohol.

I pointed toward the circular wet bar located on the other side of the front room. "You will find plenty of whatever you need behind the counter there. It is well stocked-up."

Amy smiled in delight, then sashayed off toward the bar. Camille followed her. Swish swish, wiggle wiggle ... it sure was a sight to admire the lush, rounded backsides of Amy and Camille as they made their way over to the bar. I found myself temporarily mesmerized by the wondrous view.

"I'm too young to drink," Lindsay pouted, looking at me. Oh dear Lord, I said inwardly, Lindsay was a complete and total doll. She looked incredibly sexy with that tiny pout on her beautiful, unblemished face as well. Lindsay was too young to drink? Oh ... poor baby. I felt like wrapping my arms around that hot, little body of hers and telling her that everything would be alright. What a sweetheart!...

"It's okay," Trish said, slipping an arm around Lindsay's shoulder. "You don't need any of that nasty stuff anyway."

Lindsay offered a very shy, somewhat embarrassed smile the very instant Trish wrapped that arm around her shoulder. The 18-year-old's humble and innocent nature seemed out of place amongst her older and more seasoned counterparts here (none more so than me, to be perfectly honest).

One of my early priorities would be to get Lindsay to open up to us over the coming days and weeks. Being a sheltered girl from Ohio, with devout religious beliefs, who just graduated from high school three days ago, everything here may have been too much for Lindsay to digest all at once. The situation was not helped by the fact that she was also away from her family for the first time ever in her life.

Perhaps I was wrong - it has happened many times before, of course - but I got the sense that Lindsay seemed somewhat intimidated by all of the things that were happening around her thus far. With her humble upbringing thus far in life, one could definitely understand why. Over time, I hoped to help bring Lindsay out of that apparent life-long shell. The others would have to play an important role in that, too.

"Alcohol is bad for you," Trish added, slowly guiding Lindsay away. "Trust me, sweetheart. You don't ever need to get started on alcohol. All it does is lead to bad things down the road." Lindsay nodded her head as Trish chirped, "Let's go into the kitchen and see if we can find something decent for you to drink, like some orange juice. My own personal favorite is _Kool-Aid_." Trish glanced at me for a moment before telling Lindsay, "Jeremy promised me a few weeks back, when I was talking to him on webcam, that he would have plenty of _Kool-Aid_ on hand for me."

"I do not think you will be disappointed," I assured her.

"There is nothing wrong with getting started on alcohol," Amy commented, taking a sip of wine. Thankfully, she seemed pleased with its taste. That gave me yet another sense of relief, too. Obviously, I wanted everything on the island to be perfect. The only way that would be possible is if all of the ladies were happy and content with what was offered here. What kind of host would I be otherwise?

Camille nodded her head, seemingly in agreement with Amy about the prospects of drinking alcohol. With Trish and Lindsay now safely out of earshot, Amy promptly continued, "It does not lead to bad things down the road, either. Like anything else, that only happens when the alcohol becomes an addiction that spirals out of control. Just don't let that happen to you, though, and there will be no problems." Amy grinned and added in a most devious tone of voice, "I would _LOVE_ to get Lindsay totally drunk someday very soon!"

Although I could not tell if Amy was serious with what she had just said or was merely joking around, I narrowed my eyes in displeasure at her regardless. Needless to say, I did not like or approve of that particular comment.

"Lindsay is too young and impressionable to be forced or coerced into anything," Pamela surmised, looking at Amy with a disapproving glare. "I hope you were kidding with what you just said, Amy. If Lindsay wants to try alcohol, let her do it on her own terms. She does not need someone to get her drunk, no matter if it would be a thrill to you or not."

Good, I said to myself. There was at least one person here - Pamela - who felt the same, exact way I did. Even better, someone else took objection to Amy's words as well.

"Lindsay is a baby compared to the rest of us," Devon chimed in. "We are all ages 25 to 30. She is 18. Not only that, but the girl seems so incredibly shy and apprehensive about everything here. I just think that it is plain wrong to talk about her that way, Amy. Just plain wrong. Come to think of it, three of us are 30, and I am 27. There is a 10 plus year age difference between Lindsay and four of the five other girls she is with now. That must be awkward for her."

"If I got Lindsay drunk, it would help loosen her up."

Pamela tilted her head and shot Amy quite the evil eye. "Stop it! It is wrong to even think something like that."

Amy snickered at the reaction she was getting from Devon and Pamela. She added fuel to the fire by chortling, "You know my motto in life? Screw milk ... vodka does a body good! Given the chance, Lindsay would think the same, exact way."

Devon frowned and shook her head at Amy. "You better be glad that Trish is in the kitchen right now with Lindsay. If Trish heard you say these things, Amy, she would be most unhappy. Trish really likes Lindsay, you know."

"And has nothing but Lindsay's best interests in mind," Pamela nodded, her arms folded across her front. "I can guarantee you that Trish does not have a selfish thought at all when it comes to Lindsay. Not one selfish thought."

"Oh ... settle down!" Amy squealed, flicking her wrist toward Pamela and Devon. "I was only kidding..."

"Really?" Devon asked, obviously skeptical.

"Trish wants a piece of Lindsay's ass just like the rest of us," Camille quipped. "All Trish cares about is getting her clutches into that little, teen ass."

"Not true!" Devon angrily huffed, upset with those words. "Trish really, truly does care about Lindsay. Didn't you see how she treated her on the boat ride from Peru?"

Camille did not concur. "What I saw was Trish's eyes ravaging Lindsay's body at every single opportunity."

"You did not!" Devon shot back.

Amy let loose with an evil snicker. "Trish is really no different than the rest of us. She wants to stick her nose as far up Lindsay's ass as it will go. That is probably what she is working toward right now in the kitchen by being so nice and friendly toward her. Come on ... admit it."

"Amy!" Devon gasped, taken off-guard.

Camille licked her lips and clearly agreed with Amy's wicked mindset. "Now THAT sounds like a good idea!"

Amy smiled. "I bet Trish is wanting to strap one on, and take that little 100 pound body - or however much Lindsay weighs - and split her like a wishbone. Snap her in half!"

Pamela frowned and shook her head. "All this crude talk and thinking; I thought I left the strip club behind me. This was supposedly a vacation for me, not more of the same."

"You are one sick and twisted freak, Amy."

"I know," she told Devon, laughing. "And I love it!"

Since it seemed as if this discussion had the potential to turn into a heated argument, I decided to put an end to it before things got that far. "Settle down, ladies. I am sure that all of you are a bit irritable and cranky after all those airline miles today, but there is absolutely no need for raising your voice. Take a step back and relax. There are plenty of drinks behind the counter where Amy and Camille are. In the walk-in cooler, in the kitchen, you will find a wide variety of orange juice, soda products, milk and punch. Everything here is for all of you to enjoy. Why not get something to drink and settle down ... relax?"

"Alcohol and I simply do not mix any more," Devon told us. "I could go for a tall glass of orange juice, though." With that, Devon turned and then made her way into the kitchen.

"I could go for a tall glass of Lindsay," Amy mumbled, although I could make out what she said. She finished off her glass of expensive wine and mused, "Or just a shot..."

"You better stop talking like that," Pamela warned Amy, obviously having heard and understood her words as well.

I simply looked at Amy and shook my head. She was clearly a very out-spoken and blunt - almost gruff - type of person. Amy needed to use a lot more tact when choosing her words. What if Trish, who seemed overly protective of Lindsay thus far, had heard all of these naughty things Amy was saying? Well trained in kickboxing, the athletic Trish may very well take it upon herself to boot Amy into next week. The last thing I wanted was any sort of altercation between the girls.

Moving onto better subjects, I should mention that Louisa, the elderly housekeeper, had set up a large table with baskets of fruit in the dining room with a wide selection of snacks, including a variety of smoked fish, breads and cheeses.

"Soon," I told the ladies, "we'll get your suitcases, then your room assignments. I see that most of you have already made friends, so if you find someone you want to share a room with, let me know. If not, you'll room with someone of my choosing for now, but you can always pick someone else later. Your comfort is my number-one priority."

The ladies ate and drank, chatted and got acquainted. About an hour later, when everyone seemed to have settled down and found a room-mate, I asked for two volunteers to help me with getting the luggage. Devon and Camille were quick to offer their services, so I took them to the main carport and the three of us hopped into the _Jeep_. Driving to the dock was much longer in distance than walking to it, but the amount of time was basically the same.

In a few minutes, Devon, Camille and I had the luggage loaded into the trailer that was attached to the _Jeep_, and we were on our way back up to the mansion. Once there, all of the girls pulled their suitcases off of the trailer and quickly headed for their respective rooms. Before they left, however, I reminded them that the big reception party was at 9:00pm tonight. Everyone had to attend. It was to happen two hours later than our standard time for dinner of 7:00pm each night. Once I made those two points perfectly clear to them, I decided to head off toward my own suite.

To the right of the anteroom was the master bedroom. My own personal haven, the domed ceiling detail above the bed incorporated 100 fiber optic stars which twinkled in the dark. The illusion was that a seven foot opening had been carved through the roof to reveal the evening sky. It had fooled the vast majority of those who had been here at night. They wondered why there was such a _big hole_ in the roof. My youngest niece once asked if a meteorite had struck here!

With a single touch of the automated system, an eight foot wide screen slowly dropped from the ceiling directly in front of the bed. At the same time, the lights dimmed, any music playing ceased, and the bedroom was suddenly transformed into a nighttime theater. One had a choice of high-definition television or DVD playback for the big screen.

Across from the bed was a sitting area that was stepped up from the rest of the room. This large space included a desk on one side next to a window with a full view of the outdoors and, on the opposite side, a morning kitchen with a small refrigerator, sink, counter space and bar.

The master bath was to the left side of the anteroom. A whirlpool spa was positioned here to maximize the view of the scenic south beach in the distance. Sunk into a black granite surface, the tub offered side-by-side seating to enjoy the outdoor scenery or a DVD movie on the flat panel screen in the wall beside the bath. The ceiling overhead featured a painted tropical sky with its orange hue dabbed with wispy clouds. The floor was heated to alleviate any cold chills after stepping out of the spa.

But my destination at this moment in time was completely sealed from all other areas of the mansion. Its entrance was behind an ordinary wall panel within my private suite that gave no indication that it was hiding anything.

To access it, I had to punch in a detailed security code on the suite's LCD panel. Once doing so, the computer asked for voice verification. Then, after saying my name out loud, the wall opened and suddenly, the secret room was revealed.

Inside, I flipped a metal switch and the wall slid back to its former place. There were a large spread of television monitors, each of which surveyed different places both in and around the mansion. I had hidden cameras - large and small alike - scattered everywhere on the island. There was literally no place that one of my cameras would not pick up.

With all activities being recorded and archived into the computer (the lone exception being the housekeeper's private quarters), I could also re-live anything which took place over the next six weeks with just a couple of keystrokes. The cameras were linked to motion detectors (also hidden) and when activated, the screens instantly came to life.

Yes - I had built myself quite the voyeur room. With the help of a _Hewlett Packard AlphaServer GS1280_ (series 64) computer system and a large satellite dish next to the garden on the roof, I could see any part of the island at any time. That included, of course, my lovely female guests in their private moments. Over the next six weeks, this voyeur room would obviously be a favorite spot of mine.

For now, I decided to focus all of my attention onto the second guest suite - which Pamela and Amy were occupying. Pamela was seated at the circular table, casually reading a fashion magazine, while Amy was up and about, chatting away. Curious, I decided to turn the room's hidden microphone on. It was time for me to do some (innocent) eavesdropping. Hopefully, their debate about Lindsay and alcohol was over.

"I cannot believe that I have been up since three o'clock this morning," Amy commented, glancing at her wristwatch for a brief instant. "I tried to get some sleep on the flight from Cincinnati to Miami, but I couldn't. No matter how hard I tried, I could not fall asleep. I don't like airplanes."

Pamela smirked. "I know exactly what you mean. What time did your flight leave Cincinnati this morning?"

"5:30," Amy replied. "Five-freaking-thirty. Still, even at such an unholy hour, the airport was buzzing. It was busy. The plane touched down in Miami around 8:10 and then I boarded the connector to Lima at 8:45 just in time. I was worried about my luggage, but everything turned out okay. I worried the whole flight if my bags made it onto the plane."

"I slept on the flight from Baltimore to Miami myself," Pamela told her. "It left around 5:50 and landed at 8:25. It was the only sleep that I've had in awhile. Believe it or not, but I worked last night until four in the morning. I worked from five until four o'clock... 11 hours."

"You're a stripper, right?" Amy asked, to which Pamela nodded her head in affirmative. "Wow. You must be tired. Even with that little nap from Baltimore to Miami, you must be exhausted. Work 11 hours straight and then get on a plane. I could never do that and survive."

"I hate working Sunday nights," Pamela pouted. "I should have stayed home. Sunday is _buy one lap dance get one free night_ ... I do twice the work I normally do, but make much less money. But I wanted to get one more night of work in before I left. I also wanted to say goodbye to my friends. They wanted to say goodbye to me, too."

"Do you actually like being a stripper?"

Pamela pursed her lips together and shrugged her shoulders. "Ehhhhh ... it has its ups and downs. The money is great and I get to set my own schedule, work my own hours. I have been working at the club for over 11 years, so I have seniority over all of the other girls. They all call me the mother hen of the place." Pamela took a deep breath and sighed. "When I started working there at age 19, though, I surely never thought that I would still be dancing at 30. It has been a really, really long ride ... I have seen every imaginable."

"Have any plans for when you decide to quit?"

"I am going to college, have been for awhile actually, and when I finally graduate I want to become a schoolteacher," Pamela answered. "I have loved working with and being around children all of my life. Unfortunately, though, I think the past 11 years working as an exotic dancer will come back to haunt me. No school would ever hire a former stripper ... but I am going to get that degree anyway. I promised myself. I also promised my sister and the rest of my family."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index
Chapter 1: Paid Vacation
Posted: May 27, 2012 - 07:59:09 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

"I never went to college myself," Amy offered. "At the moment, I am a _Hooters_ girl." Pamela seemed intrigued by those words as Amy went on, "Yep ... I have been working for _Hooters_ for the past two years as a bartender and waitress. I enjoy it. It's a good, fun atmosphere. I basically flirt with everyone that I come into contact with, and they flirt with me back. Management actually encourages it."

Pamela grinned leisurely. "I bet you look real good in a little _Hooters_ top and those orange shorts ... don't you?"

Amy smiled as well, but chose not to respond directly. "You know, I think our jobs are very similar in certain ways. You a stripper, me a _Hooters_ girl. Very similar."

"Oh? How so? Aside from the constant flirtation?"

"I think you, like me, would have to remember names and faces, and what everyone says. Customers, you know. I have so many regulars who come in and tell me their problems when I am working behind the bar ... whether it be life, dating, marriage, money, whatever. If I can remember their name and face, and whatever they say to me, I can pick right up with the conversation the next time they come in. A couple of days, a week ... sometimes even a month later. You would be amazed at the tips some of my customers leave for me when I am bartending. It is because I am so responsive to them."

"Oh yeah," Pamela agreed. "I remember everyone that I've given lap dances to. If I remember them and say something like, you were here a month ago and I danced for you three times, it makes them feel special. Everyone likes being remembered. It typically translates into more money and tipping for me as well. That is a big part of what I do. I make it a point to remember everyone that I dance for. I never, EVER forget a face. I would lose money if I did."

"Exactly," Amy mused. "That is why I say our jobs are similar in certain ways. The better our memories, the more money we make. I get a lot of tips from simply listening to others, lending a sympathetic ear. People like to talk about their problems. It makes them feel better. I am more than willing to stop and talk with a customer for a minute or two even if the restaurant is incredibly busy."

"Do you like that part of your job?"

"Yeah, I do," Amy answered. "I am really outgoing and will talk about anything with anyone. I don't mind listening to people talk about their problems. I like it, really, because I'm good at giving advice." She giggled and added, "Maybe one day I can have my own newspaper column. Doctor Amy ... the best source of advice for all of Cincinnati!"

"What do you think of this place thus far?" Pamela asked.

"The island is so beautiful!" Amy gushed. "I cannot wait to explore and find all the hidden places. Think we'll get to do that? How about we ask at dinner tonight? Want to?"

Pamela smiled softly and replied, "Sure, we can do that."

"Boy, I want to take a shower!" Amy exclaimed. "That long airline flight, from Cincinnati to Miami, then all the way to South America ... I need a shower, real bad. Want to take one? I saw a bunch of towels in the closet. There's some other stuff in there, too. Like some colored sheets, or something. Have any idea what they are?"

"Those are to dress in, like the natives," Pamela mused. "They are called pereos." Wow, I said inwardly. Pamela was sharp. I was surprised that Pamela knew what a pereo was - considering that she was a life-long resident of Maryland. Then again, I told myself, Pamela was a member of _Mensa_. That was, of course, the organization for those people with ridiculously high IQ ratings. Her mind, she once told me in a previous telephone discussion, was like a sponge. Pamela wanted to soak up all of the information about everything that she possibly could. Clearly, this woman was not your stereotypical exotic dancer. No way at all.

"Oh, neat," Amy responded. "Natives wear pereos? Maybe we should dress up in them? What do you think?"

Pamela thumbed through a few more pages of the magazine before setting it down on the table. "Maybe we can, later. First, we have to figure out how to put them on."

"Everything about this place - the island, the concept, Jeremy and all of the other girls - everything seems like a complete fairy tale to me. I ... I cannot believe that I am actually here, right now. I just cannot believe it. I ... I don't think I ever want to leave!"

"What do you mean?" Pamela wondered.

"This is what I have always dreamed of," Amy answered. "I've always wanted to go to someplace like Hawaii or the Bahamas. This island, from the little of it I've seen thus far, can stand up to either of those places. I have always wondered what it would be like in a multi-million dollar mansion. All of the other girls here are so beautiful, and so nice. Then there is Jeremy. I ... I'm just so excited! It's like all of my dreams are coming true at once!"

I should point out that this particular side of Amy was quite appealing to me. Unlike earlier, when she made the comments about wanting to get Lindsay drunk, Amy did not seem cold and abrasive at all. In fact, she seemed very likable.

Then again, I said to myself, the personality profiler on my computer predicted that Amy would be prone to extreme mood changes. Those mood changes, the program surmised, would not necessarily have to be triggered by a certain event, either. But most troubling of all, the software suggested - judging by her responses on the long questionnaire - Amy may very well suffer from _Cyclothymic Personality Disorder_. That, I am afraid, will be touched upon later in the story.

"Speaking of Jeremy," Pamela said, looking over at her new friend, "do you have any idea how one of us is going to get paid $500,000? The information packet I got said we were all going to be paid $100,000 each, except one. That one gets $500,000. Have any ideas on how we get that big money?"

Amy giggled and replied, "It will probably be the girl who gives him the best fuck." She laughed again, while Pamela looked at her with a surprised expression. It was obvious that Pamela did not expect Amy to use such brash language.

"What?" Amy snickered. "It's the truth. The packet made it very clear that we were going to be used as sex objects this summer." I frowned at those words, not agreeing with them in the slightest, as Amy kept talking, "The $500,000 prize will probably go to the girl who fucks him the best. In fact, I guarantee it. What else could it be?"

Pamela shook her head and laughed in mock disgust. "I do say, you're terrible, Amy!" She paused and added, "But then again, you may be correct. You probably are."

"No..." I moaned at those words, momentarily hurt by them. That was not going to be the case at all!

"I could use a half-million," Amy remarked. "All I know is that I am going to do EVERYTHING that Jeremy tells me. Obey, obey, obey. Hopefully, I'll get that money."

"If I get the 500-K ... then great," Pamela told her. "But if I don't, I'll gladly take the $100,000 instead. I could use it toward tuition, and a new car. I really need one."

Amy made a face. "You're a stripper, girl. You probably made _$200,000_ last year alone. You need a new car?"

The 30-year-old laughed. "I've held onto the Pamelamobile for too long. It's time to finally let go. The Pamelamobile is actually a _BMW_. I have been looking into buying a brand new _Lotus Elise_. I think that they look really neat."

"I have a 1999 _Saturn SL2_," Amy said. "I would like to buy a new car myself, I guess. I am kind of partial to the 2013 _Chevrolet Camaro_. I like them. I could never afford one until coming to this island. You know, one decked out with lots and lots of goodies. But getting back to what I was saying, when we get the chance, let's ask Jeremy how we get the big money. He probably won't tell us, but maybe we can sneak it out of him. You know ... trick him."

Pamela shrugged her shoulders and countered, "Jeremy does not seem to be the type of person who can easily be tricked. I could be wrong, but I do not think so."

"I used to be able to trick and fool my ex-husband all of the time," Amy confided. "Until he finally smartened up."

"You were married?"

"Yes," Amy nodded. "His name was Eddie. He was black." Amy waited to see if Pamela would have any type of reaction to that little tidbit of information - positive, negative or neutral. What she got was no reaction. Pamela just sat there, waiting for Amy to talk more about her ex-husband.

"We were only married for three years," Amy finally added. "It was really all a big mistake. I never loved him enough."

"Then why did you marry him?" Pamela wondered. "Me ... IF I ever get married, I will be 100 percent, totally in love. I would never get married unless I felt that way. The same would have to apply for my husband-to-be and how he felt about me. Nothing less than 100 percent totally in love."

"I married him because the sex was great at first," Amy answered. "You know what they say - once you go black, you never go back. But even that grew old after awhile."

"I have never been with a black man, so I would not know," Pamela countered, shrugging her shoulders.

Amy shook her head. "I cheated on Eddie with four guys in the first year of marriage." Pamela's eyelids skyrocketed as Amy went on, "I worked for a financial group back then in an office building. All four of the guys I cheated on Eddie with that first year, I knew from work. One was my boss."

"Nice way to get a raise, I suppose."

"No," Amy told her, defiant. "It wasn't about money or pay or anything. It was about the sex. I became addicted to my boss. I had to be with him every single day. I had to have his cock in my mouth or my pussy every single day. I could not live without it."

Pamela burst into laughter. "Alrighty, then!" After a couple of seconds, she was able to settle down. "What did your husband say after he found out about your ... addiction?"

Amy pouted. "Eddie kicked me out once he found out. I went to live on my own for awhile. Had to get an extra job at a supermarket, and worked there at night. I needed to make ends meet. But Eddie took me back after a few months. I was totally faithful to him for a year."

"Only a year?"

"Yeah," Amy frowned. "First it was this guy I met at the movie theater. We kind of ... got into his van ... and found a dark corner of the parking lot. That was only after I had given him a hand-job in the movie theater." Pamela looked intrigued. "Then it was my boss again. And his wife."

"HIS WIFE?" Pamela exclaimed.

"Both of them were much older than me," Amy fidgeted. "They were into some pretty kinky stuff, and it excited me. I cannot tell you how many three-somes I had with them. I remember times I would lie to Eddie and say I was going to the mall with a friend, just so I could spend a couple of hours with Master Jack and Mistress Kim. They ... they did things to me that I did not even know were possible! I learned so many things from them ... so many things."

"What happened when Eddie found out this time?"

"He kicked me out again, and then divorced me," Amy sulked. "I went back to the supermarket. I had quit there when Eddie took me back the first time. Then my boss got into trouble with his boss, and was fired. I was let go from the financial group, too. I guess the company wanted to wash its hand of any sex scandal or whatever. It would have been bad for business. I then got my job at _Hooters_. My new boss there actually LIKED it that I was fired for basically being a nymphomaniac. So, because I could work however many hours I wanted, and made good tips, I quit the supermarket again. I make enough money as a waitress and bartender to survive on my own. I do not live the life of luxury, but I get by pretty much okay. I work really hard and am super-nice to all of the customers. That way, all of the tips keep piling in."

Pamela smirked. "Master Jack and Mistress Kim? You're into that bondage stuff, huh? I have a friend like you."

Amy nodded. "I'm into it both ways. I can be dominant or submissive. Either way, I feel comfortable." She sighed and shook her head. "When I cheated on Eddie, I was a lot younger. I was a different person in those days. I ... I ... none of that should have ever happened."

"You regret the way things turned out, huh?"

Amy took a deep breath. "I look back on it now and feel guilty because I lied to him, and cheated on him, for such a long time. But truth be told, I should have never married Eddie in the first place. It was a mistake. I did not love him enough. Nor was I ready to settle down like that." Amy rubbed her eyes with two fists and sighed. "What about you, Pam? Have you ever been married? Or come close?"

"Pamela," she corrected her. "Please ... Pamela, not Pam. No to both. Never been married, never been close."

"Do you want to get married?"

The blonde nodded her head. "Oh yes. I just have yet to find the right man. If I get married, though, there will be no turning back. It will be forever. Trust me on that."

"It must be difficult to maintain a relationship with the type of job that you have," Amy remarked, sounding tentative. She did not want to step on any toes with her comments.

Pamela laughed. "Being a stripper? It can be, yes. It is one of the reasons why I haven't been on a date in eight months. I find it difficult to trust guys because of what I am forced to go through each and every night that I work. I am continually exposed to the lesser, vulgar side of men. It has tended to grow and wear on me after all these years. Honestly, I find it incredibly difficult to trust any man."

"I never thought about being a stripper," Amy mused. "But I bet you that if I was a stripper, I'd be one of the girls who actually enjoyed it. And I would be good at it. At least ... I think I would be good at it."

"It's not too early to get started," Pamela advised her. "You are the same age as me, and I am still going strong." She paused briefly, then continued, "Master Jack and Mistress Kim? Do you still see them? Still get together?"

Amy frowned and even seemed to hold back tears for an instant or two. "Mistress really started to get jealous, I think. Master was spending a lot of time with me. I mean, I would be underneath his desk each morning before he was even in the office. I'd spend my entire lunch breaks with him. Mistress told me one day that I was nothing more an object to them, a plaything and sex toy, and I had run my course. I was to leave and never come back. This was after we had lost our jobs for getting caught. I tried talking to Master, but he said he didn't want to risk his marriage for a piece of pussy that he knew would cheat on him eventually anyway."

Pamela was taken aback. "That is awfully harsh."

"Yeah," Amy murmured. "Thing is, though, I'd have never cheated on him. It would have been one-on-one all the way if I had my say. I never felt so strongly for someone as I did him. And the crazy thing? He is 68 years old now. I'm 30."

"I dated a guy who was 54 when I was 19," Pamela offered. "It didn't last long, though."

"Older men can be the most amazing lovers," Amy swooned.

Pamela placed both hands on the small, circular table in front of her, then stood up. "Well ... I need a shower."

"I was going to take one, but you take yours first," Amy told her. "I'll stay out here and unpack my suitcases."

"Are you sure?" Pamela confirmed. "I almost forgot that you wanted to take a shower, too."

"Go ahead," Amy insisted. "I still have a lot more work to do with my suitcases. Go ahead ... and take your time." Amy nodded her head and added a bright smile for emphasis. "I will stay busy out here, trust me. So much to do!"

Pamela made a motion to grab a pair of towels from the nearby bed, but Amy stepped forward and offered her a kiss on the cheek instead. Pamela hesitated for a moment, then tilted her head and looked at Amy. "What was that for?"

"I'm just glad that we are room-mates, and friends." Indeed, the Amy that I was witnessing right now seemed worlds different than the one who made all those crude remarks concerning Lindsay a short time ago. I liked her.

Pamela smiled. "I'm glad we're friends too, Amy." She grabbed her towels, then smiled again. "I have an idea."

"What?"

"Let's both take a shower together."

Amy's green eyes swelled with interest. "Really?"

"Why not?" Pamela asked, already beginning to unbutton her blouse. It was silky-white and made of sheer lace, and showed her bra straps through its ultra-thin fabric. This woman was loaded! A chance of seeing those bare breasts of hers made my cock instantly spring alive.

"Yeah ... why not," Amy agreed. "You and me are gonna be room-mates all summer long."

Pamela simply slipped her blouse from her shoulders, then opened her jeans. This woman was obviously a stripper. She had absolutely no qualms about getting naked in front of Amy. "This will happen eventually anyway. Might as well get acquainted sooner than later, you know."

"Good point. Wait for me!" Amy slipped her t-shirt over her head, and pulled her shorts down.

Pamela was now in her sexy bra and tiny G-string, but not for long. She reached back and unhooked her bra, which allowed her large, overflowing breasts to spill out into open view. Now I definitely had an erection. She was gorgeous!

Once the bra joined her blouse and jeans on the floor, Pamela hooked her thumbs into the G-string and guided it down her shapely hips and thighs. She lifted each leg gracefully to step out of her G-string, then stood up at full height, completely nude, her immaculate blonde hair cascading down her shoulders and across her luscious breasts. Pamela swept it back with a quick motion of her right hand.

"Wow, you're beautiful," Amy said, full of awe.

"Thank you," Pamela smiled in response.

"I wish there were more bi girls who looked like you." Next, Amy returned her attention to undressing before looking at her room-mate once again. "Would you unhook my bra?"

Pamela stepped around to Amy's back and undid all four hooks, allowing the red-head's fabulous breasts to pour out. Amy immediately rubbed them and complained, "I hate wearing bras. They're so tight. Look at the impression that stupid thing left on my skin." Amy continued to massage her own breasts, before giving Pamela another lustful glance while stepping out of her little bikini panties.

"I wonder if Jeremy will like the way we look?" Pamela speculated. "Hopefully he will."

"If Jeremy is a real man, he will," Amy replied.

Both ladies giggled as the 30-year-old grabbed some towels and followed Pamela toward the entrance to their personal restroom. As could be expected, both of them were impressed with what they saw once entering the restroom. There were the usual amenities, along with a wall-length mirror, a green marble sink which had seashells and fish designs carved into it, and a huge floor rug with two dolphins adorning it. I thought little touches like this added to the island theme.

There was the luxurious whirlpool as well, but the only place on Pamela and Amy's collective minds right now was the spacious shower stall. And why not?

Large enough to comfortably fit five people (if not more), the shower itself came complete with programmable body jets, a cascading waterfall for the neck and shoulders, hot, cleansing steam and a pair of fully adjustable shower-heads and foamers. There was even a MP3/_iPod_ player included in the shower itself, though I am certain that neither Pamela or Amy had caught onto that just yet. Maybe I would personally get to show it to them one day? I sure hope so.

All of the guest bedrooms and restrooms were replicas of each other, so the other ladies had the same luxuries that Pamela and Amy did. Everything was exactly the same.

Inside my voyeur room, I glanced at another monitor and noticed that in guest suite one, Devon and Camille were having similar ideas. It looked as if Devon was preparing to get ready for a shower, while Camille was relaxing on her bed with a wet towel over her face. Everyone was spent after their long airline flights from North America.

My interest level perked up once Pamela and Amy came into view on the monitor which surveyed their shower stall. They fiddled around with the intricate controls for awhile, then smiled as warm, soothing water sprayed from the dual shower heads. Pamela and Amy stood underneath the relaxing stream, quickly soaping themselves from head to toe with the foamers.

Pamela caressed her breasts gently with lathered hands, squeezing her nipples and rubbing them briefly before venturing downward toward the cleft between her thighs. Her movements were slow and sensuous as she applied the soap in a lush, thick lather. Then she slid her hand between her thighs once again and lovingly caressed herself.

I zoomed in and watched intently as Pamela ran her finger back-and-forth along the slit of her pussy. Zooming out, I noticed Pamela sighing as she held her face directly in line with the spray. Her rounded hips swayed in a gentle motion and her nipples stood even more erect than before.

Underneath the secondary shower nozzle, Amy had rubbed and soaped her own breasts into a creamy lather. She watched Pamela, but tried her best not to be obvious about it. Amy turned toward the spray of water and let it pour over her breasts, rinsing off the thick soap, while her right hand slipped between her thighs and began frigging her pussy with an ever-increasing rhythm. She then rubbed her own nipples with her left hand until they became even more rigid.

Amy looked over at Pamela and watched with a mixture of lust and fascination as the blonde's hip movements were more rapid than before. Amy then increased her own motion with her right hand, massaging her silken pussy faster.

Pamela's breathing was coming in raspy sounds as her face appeared flushed. Her hand went deeper between her tanned thighs, which were now spread further apart. Her long, slender middle finger disappeared into the pink crevice while the ridge of her thumb kept rubbing her little nub of a clitoris that was set to trigger an explosion.

Pamela's left hand reached for her pussy and massaged her clitoris more vigorously. It was obvious that the tension rose within her, and soon she let out an audible moan which resulted in her body shaking with pleasing, orgasmic lust.

Next to her, Amy was building to the point of release as well. Her hand reached for her slit and she jammed three fingers as far and as deep as they would go into herself. She let go of her breasts with her other hand and used it to massage her engorged clitoris. Amy then squealed with hot passion as she too, experienced a self-induced climax.

I watched in shocked silence - my shaft hard as a rock - as the pair of heavenly beauties shivered and vibrated in the aftermath of orgasm underneath the dual shower heads.

Once those sensations of arousal settled down, Pamela strolled over to her new girlfriend and embraced her from behind, cupping Amy's large breasts with both hands in the process. "Wow sweetheart ... I really needed that." She giggled and shyly added, "This is the first time that I have ever taken a shower with another girl."

The red-head giggled and placed her hands onto Pamela's. "I needed it too, honey." The two stayed together for a couple of seconds, grinding their bodies as one, as I spied on them while rubbing the enormous bulge within my shorts. I was so aroused from watching their masturbation display that I felt as if my body would just spontaneously combust!

Amy's next move was to turn her head around and place her mouth across Pamela's for a truly deep-rooted kiss. The pair of gorgeous ladies moaned and shivered together, while my erection grew so much that it actually ached. This voyeur room would _most definitely_ be a favorite spot of mine over the course of the following six weeks!

I moaned like a madman and watched with interested eyes as their kiss continued. Pamela and Amy were now exchanging tongues between their open-mouthed kiss. I zoomed in for a closer look with the hidden camera, which did nothing but cause my cock to finally reach its fully erect status.

"I would never cheat on you, either," Amy murmured.

"I wouldn't let you," Pamela sighed in response.

"Wash my hair for me tonight?" Amy asked with a friendly smile, now facing away from Pamela and adjusting the wall lever just a tad. Amy settled on a warm/hot temperature, then let the steamy water engulf her voluptuous body as she stepped into the proverbial line of fire.

Pamela was already squeezing shampoo from a bottle and onto her hand as she smiled at Amy from behind. An instant later, Amy dutifully dropped to her knees and looked over her bare shoulder at Pamela with an expression full of pure gratitude across her lovely, enchanting face.

Amy's red hair was already completely soaked, so Pamela wasted no time as she placed both hands onto her new lover's head and began to lather her up with the shampoo. My cock was throbbing uncontrollably as this highly erotic scene continued to unfold before me. Amy's silky hair was not quite that long - only slightly more than shoulder-length - but Pamela took her sweet time anyway.

Amy let the shampoo sit in her hair as she then told Pamela to kneel in front of her. The exotic dancer did just that, then giggled as Amy began to lather up her own hair as well. Pamela's blonde hair was much longer than Amy's, so there was a tremendous amount of time and effort required to shampoo and lather it up. Amy, of course, was in no rush. She seemed to genuinely enjoy doing this for Pamela.

"Ever have anyone help wash your hair before?"

"Yes, but it has been a LONG time," Pamela responded, her face beaming. "Not since high school ... an old boyfriend."

"I could do this ALL night long," Amy purred, biting her lower lip, as her hands and fingers continued to massage (and lather) Pamela's scalp. "I think this is so incredibly hot."

"I think YOU are incredibly hot," Pamela moaned.

Moments later, both ladies were giggling and standing underneath the heavy stream of shower water from above. They were sharing the water, and letting it rinse the thick shampoo from their hair, and down their luscious bodies.

I sighed as a short time later, Pamela and Amy were busy soaping each other's bodies up with the hand-held foamer and sponges. Pamela seemed to pay close attention to Amy's large breasts, fondling and squeezing the firm mounds. Amy reciprocated by placing a soapy sponge between Pamela's thighs, and massaging her nether regions rather thoroughly.

Amy sighed as Pamela brought a knee up between her thighs. Amy seemed to straddle that knee and allow it to stimulate her pussy as she sought Pamela's mouth with her own. Once finding it, the two ladies shared yet another loving kiss.

"Will you let me?" Amy asked once their lips parted, her voice sultry, as her eyes shifted downward for an instant.

"Let you what?"

This time, Amy lowered her gaze and held it at that level for several seconds. "I want to lick your pussy," were her words. "I want to lick your sweet, little pussy ... and make you EXPLODE in orgasm right here in the shower."

Pamela's body squirmed about in an obvious rush of heated anticipation as she offered Amy a gracious smile. "Really?" When Amy nodded her head, Pamela stepped away from her and then leaned back against the side wall of the shower stall. As Amy dropped to her knees, Pamela spread her trim thighs, allowing the red-head full access to her womanly treasure.

"Hmmmmm..." was the initial sound that Pamela made once Amy's hot tongue came into contact with her precious pussy. Amy placed one hand on Pamela's left leg, with the other clutching her ass, as she let her tongue do all of the work. Pamela, of course, was quite appreciative of the oral favor. "God, Amy," she squealed, reaching up with both hands and massaging her own breasts. "Hmmmmm ... that feels good."

Standing sort of bow-legged in the shower stall, with Amy on both knees directly in front of her, Pamela let out her loudest groan yet and then tilted the back of her head against the wall behind her. By now, Amy was thrusting a single finger in-and-out of Pamela's luscious folds while her tongue continued with its all-out, ravenous assault.

Pamela's audible noises and squeals of passion became even more resounding once Amy added a second finger to the mix, her tongue still continually swirling itself over and across Pamela's tender pussy. I simply could not believe my eyes!

Both Pamela and Amy could easily pose as pin-up centerfold models if given the opportunity. They were that beautiful. I had become so overly aroused while eavesdropping on these two ladies as they took a dual shower that I was about to lose my mind. This was not one of the many adult movies that I had watched throughout the years to amuse myself. No ... this was real! Even better, it was taking place on my private island - in my very own home. Unbelievable!

"OH MY GOD!" Pamela whined out in pure ecstasy, her body bucking and churning about within the shower stall. It was obvious that Amy was intent on bringing Pamela to an orgasm. It was probably the only thing that mattered to her at this point in time. Shortly thereafter, Amy's concentration on Pamela's little clitoris was finally rewarded with a climax.

With Amy's face still firmly nestled between her thighs, Pamela rocked and gyrated her pelvis about in erotic delight as she went through the joyous progression of orgasm. Like the hungry nymphomaniac that she claimed to be, Amy eagerly lapped up all of the delicious juice and nectar that oozed from Pamela's pussy as a result of her mind-blowing orgasm. She did not stop, in fact, until that pussy was licked clean.

When Amy finally withdrew her face from the joining of Pamela's thighs, the 30-year-old enchantress from Maryland had a dreamy look on her face. As a show of appreciation, Pamela then knelt downward and shared a slow-moving kiss with Amy. Best of all, it had a lot of tongue action included.

"Hmmmmm ... I needed that SO bad," Pamela commented once their kiss had reached its conclusion. "You do not know how long it has been since someone made me feel so good inside."

Amy smiled at those words, then pecked Pamela's lips with another kiss. "It was my pleasure, honey. My pleasure..."

Pamela suddenly giggled. "All we need now is a man!"

"Yeah," Amy agreed. "Where is Jeremy when we need him? I wonder if he could satisfy both of us at the same time?"

"Oh God..." I moaned, as those wicked words caused my cock to erupt within my shorts. My whole body trembled with lust as I squirmed about in the chair, surprised that mere words could cause an explosion like this within me. Of course, the red-hot encounter that preceded those words helped, too.

Taking a deep breath, I rose up from the chair and exited the voyeur room. I hated to miss any of the live, spicy action, but knew that my cameras were always on the lookout and would dutifully record any movements for me. I needed to wash up and prepare for the official reception party which would take place in the dining room later tonight.

All of the ladies showed up that evening at the right time - 9:00pm. The buffet table was set up with the dishes that had been prepared by Louisa, the elderly woman whom I considered to be the world's best cook/housekeeper. Never once had the 76-year-old fixed a meal which I did not like, or fully appreciate. Tonight would be no exception.

In addition to fruit juices of all varieties, other beverages, such as bottled water, coffee and iced tea were available as well. My goal was to keep the reception as informal and as friendly as possible. Tomorrow, I figured, my plans for the upcoming six weeks would actually begin.

For this evening, I chose to mingle with and meet all of the girls, trying not to give any impression of favoritism. Right now, though, I found myself feeling attracted most to Pamela, the exotic dancer from Maryland with the long blonde hair and loaded, top-deck figure.

Not only was she very exquisite to look at, but there was something in the way that Pamela carried herself which was just as enticing. Despite the fact that she was a stripper which, of course, brought a horrible (and unfair) stereotype with it, Pamela seemed to be the type of woman that I should get to know on a much deeper and more personal level.

When I approached her, Amy was at her side.

"Are you two beautiful ladies enjoying yourselves?" I asked, trying to be friendly and casual, the sight of them quivering together in the shower still fresh in my mind. Not only had I watched it live, but I went back and replayed the footage two more times after my own shower earlier as well. Oh ... the look on Pamela's face when Amy was tonguing her.

Amy jumped in before Pamela could even attempt to answer. "Oh, yes. This island is so wonderful. And the food is absolutely delicious. Can we eat all we want?"

"Of course. You can eat all you want, and ANYTHING you want." I put more emphasis on the _anything_ to see if there would be a reaction. Pamela smiled and giggled as she caught the double meaning, but Amy just kept talking away.

"Oh, okay. I just didn't want to mess up my chance at the big prize - the 500 grand in cash. I mean, I don't know the rules or anything, so I thought I'd ask. It is okay to ask, isn't it? Or should I back off?"

Twirling her silky red hair around an extended finger and batting her eyelashes, Amy was really laying on the sweetness now. She was trying to seduce the answer out of me. Little did Amy know that due to my eavesdropping on the conversation that she had with Pamela earlier, however, I was prepared for it. Amy was not about to trick me tonight.

"You may ask me anything you want," I answered.

"I bet there are lots of rules, aren't there?"

I nodded my head. "A few rules, actually. We will go over everything in the morning before breakfast. Right now, I think it is best that all of us simply enjoy the evening. All of you certainly did have a long trip to get here today."

"You can say that again!" Amy huffed in an exaggerated fashion. "During the last few hours of the flight from Miami to Peru, I felt as if my ears were going to pop! Add in the flight from Cincinnati... 3,700 miles! I had never been in an airplane for so long before."

"You don't have to worry about getting back on a plane for six whole weeks," I advised her, smiling leisurely. "By that time, you will be a lot richer than you are now. You know ... either $100,000 ... or $500,000. We shall see. That should definitely make the trip back home a lot less taxing for you."

"How will you determine who gets the big money?"

"That, my dear Amy, I cannot answer. Not now, at least."

"I knew it!" Amy complained, even stomping her foot. She was obviously an expert at seduction and manipulation. "But I wish I knew what the guidelines for getting it were. I mean, a girl does have certain needs, but I would not want to break any of your rules and ruin my chances."

"Needs?" I asked, my eyebrows raised.

"You know," she said. "Different things. Like how a girl feels, what she wants. Needs."

I shrugged my shoulders. "I'm not sure I do."

"I don't need to talk about it in front of everybody," Amy fretted. "But if I asked you in private ... would that be okay? Could I do that? Please?"

"You can ask me anything, at any time, any place. My door is always open for you and the others. Just knock."

"Oh, good! I'll be sure to remember that."

I would be remiss if I did not mention the fact that although all of the ladies were dressed in casual attire, one of them stood out more than any other due to her very provocative choice of clothing. Perhaps she chose to come to the official reception this way because she enjoyed shocking others. Obviously, this woman craved being at the center of things. Some could even argue that it was a loud cry for attention. Whatever the case, it should not come as any great surprise that the person stirring the proverbial pot of controversy with her attire was none other than Amy.

It was not because Amy had on a skimpy tank-top, or the tightest pair of denim shorts that I had ever seen on a woman. Rather, it was because of what was printed on the front of her tank-top. In big, bold letters, stretching out across Amy's massive breasts, was the term _Filthy WHORE_. Beneath it, in much smaller text, read _Sin For Sale_.

Where Amy got this tank-top, with its hot, shocking inscriptions, was beyond me. I did not even realize that a clothing company would ever create something such as this. Regardless, it seemed to go with Amy's character perfectly. She wanted others to look at her, and think of her, this way. She most definitely wanted to be noticed. That was obvious.

With Amy literally busting out all over the place, one could easily assume that all eyes locked onto her whenever she chose to wear this little, form-fitting tank-top out in public. She had caused quite the stir among all of the ladies here on the island with it (as well as me, obviously). Who else but Amy? It made sense to me. _Filthy WHORE_, _Sin For Sale_. Indeed, who else but Amy?...

"You have a beautiful home."

And you are a beautiful woman, Pamela, I said to myself. "Thank you, dear. I appreciate that."

"You're welcome."

Although no one could find any fault if I were to stay here and converse with the charming Pamela from now until the end of eternity, while gawking at Amy's eye-popping chest at the same time, I felt it was to move onto another two-some. I certainly did not want any of the ladies to believe that I had a favorite. Not yet, anyway.

I looked around and murmured, "I must be going now, before the other ladies start to think I'm playing favorites. Both of you, Pamela and Amy ... enjoy the party."

Devon and Camille were huddled together and engaged in a lively conversation, but both offered me a friendly smile once I made my way up to them. I did the same, but added a second grin for Devon. A well-stacked blonde herself, Devon had a small American flag on full display - its stick was embedded in her cleavage, and the actual flag was flowing out from her camisole top. She was proud to be an American! Who could blame her for such a wonderful thing?

"Has the island been kind to the two of you thus far?" I asked them, wanting to sound as friendly as possible.

"It's been great!" Devon chirped in response, her blue eyes glowing. "I just cannot wait to get out and explore this place tomorrow. I bet the beaches are beautiful."

"They sure did look beautiful in those pictures that I got in the mail," Camille offered. "I cannot wait to see them with my own two eyes, either. You did say, Jeremy, that you would take us on a hike of the island tomorrow."

"I most definitely did. And, I will."

Camille took a sip of her hot, steaming coffee, then flashed me a winning smile. This mocha-skinned beauty of Spanish and Asian descent was the type of woman who had been inhabiting my dreams and fantasies for as long as I could remember. "Everyone seems to be complaining about what a long airline flight it was from the states," she commented. "But I had the longest flight of all - from San Diego to Los Angeles, all the way over to Miami, and then back in the same general direction to Peru. I wound up flying 12 hours when it could have just been six! It'd been so much easier to just go from San Diego to Peru."

I nodded at her. "I understand that, Camille. But I wanted you to be on the flight from Miami to Lima with all of the other girls so you could talk and develop friendships before even stepping foot on the island. You are the only girl who came from the west. The others all reside in the east - Devon lives in Pennsylvania, Pamela is from Maryland, Trish in Ontario, and Lindsay and Amy are from Cincinnati." Cincinnati, in fact, is my original hometown as well. It did play its role in Lindsay and Amy being here right now.

I paused for a brief moment before continuing, "I did make it worthwhile, though, Camille. I paid for you to have a three day vacation in Miami in-between flights, with a quick trip to the Florida Keys. You said you have family there."

"Oh ... I'm not complaining or griping about it," the 25-year-old assured me. "I had a good time in Miami. And I definitely thank you for paying all of my expenses. It is just that mostly everyone is complaining about the long airline flights they had. Mine was twice as long as theirs! But you did make the strange journey worth my while. I got to visit my cousin Maria for the first time in 15 years. I used to visit her all of the time when she lived in La Joya."

"So everything worked out well," I nodded.

"Yes, it did," she agreed.

"Where exactly is La Joya?" Devon asked Camille.

"Across the border from San Diego, in Mexico," she said. "Cousin Maria lived there until her family upped and moved away to the Florida Keys. That was 15 years ago."

"It must have been something to see her again," Devon remarked. "Is she the same age as you?"

"Two years younger. I'm 25. Maria is 23."

"Most of my inner and outer family is in Pennsylvania," Devon offered. "I never have to travel far to see them. Problem is, I'm not particularly close with any of them. Well, except my sister and my grandparents. I am close with them. My sister, Patricia ... she is happily married, and has the two most adorable children. I am always willing to baby-sit for them whenever the need arises! Hey ... how do you like it in California? I've never been there."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index
Chapter 1: Paid Vacation
Posted: May 27, 2012 - 07:59:09 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

"Where I live - San Diego - it is beautiful," Camille answered. "Actually, I live in Chula Vista. It is a suburb of San Diego. I was born in Mexico, but my family came to the United States when I was three years old."

"I spent four years in and around the Los Angeles area," I said, tossing my two cents into the conversation. "Others say differently, but I never really liked it there. I lived in Los Angeles from the ages of 18 to 22. Actually, I lived in Long Beach and Lakewood. Technically speaking, I still have a home there, I suppose - in Rachos Palos Verdes - but my father and his girlfriend stay there. The house is in my name only for legal purposes. But, as I said, I never liked it in California. The only reason I have to return there today is to visit my father."

"You haven't lived in California since you were age 22?" Camille clarified. "How old are you now?"

"38." Yes ... I was plenty older than all of my guests.

"There is a running feud between people from San Diego and Los Angeles," Camille smirked. "I cannot say anything good about Los Angeles. I don't like it there much myself. I prefer San Diego a million times more. It's home to me."

"What can we expect over the next six weeks?" Devon said to me, her head tilted in an inquisitive manner. "I mean, are you going to ask us to do anything shocking?"

I reached out and gently brushed Devon's American flag with a fingertip, while also smiling at her. "Whatever you or any of the others do, dear, will be up to you. I won't ask or force any of you to do something that makes you feel one bit uncomfortable. Remember, your comfort is my goal. I want you and the others to have the time of your lives. The only chance I have of that happening is if you and all of your fellow ladies are 100 percent comfortable here. It is my job to make sure that happens."

In a move that surprised me, Devon smiled and leaned upward, then planted a gentle, whispery kiss upon my face. I even felt myself flush red with embarrassment as Devon then looked at me, her expression vibrant and cheerful.

"What was that for?" I managed to get out, holding the side of my face with an open palm. I was _stunned_!

Devon grinned and responded, "That was the first kiss of many between us, hopefully." Camille cooed at those words, as did Pamela and Amy (both of whom were close by), while I tried to make sense of this. Both hands clutched together at her waist, Devon simply continued to look at me and grin.

Still feeling a bit flustered, I managed to put forth a smile while telling Devon and Camille, "I better get going. As I told Pamela and Amy, I don't want to show favoritism. I should go over and talk to Lindsay and Trish. They seem to be sampling all of the fruit punches at the drink table."

"Is it okay if any of us show favoritism?" Devon asked, those pretty eyes sparkling as she studied me from head to toe. "I already know who MY favorite is."

Just like that, Devon replaced Pamela as my favorite. Of course, I figured that I would switch back-and-forth between several (if not all) of the ladies before finally deciding on the one I liked the most. It could take the whole six weeks. Perhaps it could even take _longer_ than six weeks, too...

But for now, my favorite was the blonde and very petite Devon. I appreciated a woman who was open, honest and very straightforward about her feelings (but not to the point of being potentially hurtful, as Amy was earlier when discussing the possibility of getting Lindsay drunk). In fact, I do not think there are enough honest people in the world today.

"You can do whatever you want," I said to Devon, before turning and slowly walking away.

"But you don't understand," Lindsay spoke to Trish in a hushed tone, as I approached them from behind. "It's not that I've never been with another girl. I've never been with anyone before - boy or girl - period. I'm a virgin..."

"You're a VIRGIN?" Trish exclaimed, although she kept her voice low so the others (presumably) would not hear her.

Unfortunately for the two ladies, however, I was standing directly behind them. Trish turned and looked at me, then brought a hand to her mouth and sighed. Meanwhile, Lindsay was shell-shocked. Was the fact that she was still a virgin supposed to be kept a secret? It sure did appear that way...

Trying to calm the sudden rush of anxiety that was here, I patted my right ear with an open hand several times. "What did you say? I've been having problems with my ears lately. There are certain instances when I just cannot hear a thing."

Lindsay seemed to appreciate my response, but continued to pout anyway. "Please don't tell the others, Jeremy. I beg of you ... PLEASE! It's a personal and private thing. I was only telling Trish here because she has been the nicest of anyone to me thus far, and she is my room-mate."

I smiled at her. "I said I've been having problems with my ears. I didn't hear anything. I cannot tell the others something that I did not hear. So your secret is safe. You never have to worry about me exposing a secret."

Lindsay suddenly looked relieved. "Thank you."

"You are very welcome."

It should come as no great surprise that Lindsay was an early favorite of mine as well. It was easy to understand why just by looking at her. The 18-year-old appeared to be nothing more than a delicious, tempting little girl every single time that I laid my eyes on her thus far today. Her pristine, long-flowing blonde hair tied into a bushy pony-tail was enough to drive any man insane by itself. Her hair was so shiny and immaculate; it glowed in the moonlight.

But there was plenty more - her wholesome, sweet-cheeks face and her sexy mouth enhanced with its pink, glossy lips. Lindsay had a smile which could make my heart flutter. Of course, one could never forget that lithe, slender figure of hers, either. At 5-foot-3 and 95 pounds, it seemed as if Lindsay belonged on a homecoming float somewhere right now. She surely did not belong in a hedonistic haven such as this island. On the other hand, though, I was glad she was here. I was not complaining about her presence at all.

Lindsay's innocent, religious schoolgirl demeanor was what got me most about her, though. One could easily tell that she had spent a secluded life growing up in a small rural town. But now, Lindsay wanted to spread her wings, so to speak, and explore new avenues in her life. Discounting the $100,000 in guaranteed earnings, it was her likely reason for coming to the island. No one could blame her for that.

The little sweetheart received extra points, at least in my book, for still being a virgin. Devon was my current favorite, yes, but Lindsay was nipping at her heels. Pamela had fallen a little behind, but I had a sneaking suspicion that she would find herself back in the running very soon. Obviously, the same could be said for Amy.

"How are the two of you enjoying your time thus far on the island?" I asked both Lindsay and Trish.

"This place is beautiful," Trish responded. "I know I sound like all the others, but it's the truth. This is way better than I ever imagined it would be. They definitely do do not have any places like this in Canada."

I nodded my head and smiled. "Wait until our nature hike tomorrow. You will be awestruck ... trust me."

Speaking of being awestruck, that was personally how I felt right now. I was such a lucky man to have been able to surround myself with this group of lovely women. Never in my life had I witnessed such a collection of beauty assembled together in just one place. This was incredible for me!

"You own this island, right?" Lindsay said to me. "If you do not mind my asking, Jeremy, how much did all of this cost you? I mean, not only the island, but the house, too. And everything outdoors - the pool, the garden, the stables. You must have spent a fortune on this place!"

"Many millions of dollars, I'd bet, eh?" Trish speculated.

"I'd rather not get into specifics about myself right now," I told them. "In due time, though, all of you will know most everything about me. I am a very open and honest person."

Suddenly, I noticed that Lindsay was wearing a wristband. But not just any wristband, or the one I had instructed her to wear around her elbow on the flight from North America. This wristband had the phrase _What would Jesus do?_ printed on it. Clearly, Lindsay was a very religious girl.

"Nice wristband."

Lindsay smiled at me, then raised her right hand and pointed at its wrist with her left. "Oh ... this. Faith is a very big part of my life. I am a believer that the only way to God is through Jesus. I've always believed that." She smiled again, in the shyest, cutest manner, and added, "Maybe you can tell I'm the daughter of a minister."

"I am not very religious myself," I admitted. "I have been to church a few times, but that is it."

"You should become more interested and get involved with the church," Lindsay urged me. "God has helped me through many of the problems that I have faced in my own life. If you devote yourself to Him, Jeremy, He would help you too. Any problems that you have, God would guide you through. He has been my strength and inspiration for all of my life."

That was a good mindset to have, I said inwardly. But I had so many problems that God would not know where to start.

After two hours of meeting and mingling, I called for everyone's attention. "Ladies. This has been a delightful evening, but I know you are all very tired from your long airline flights and wish to rest. Sleep late tomorrow if you like. We'll get together for awhile at ten o'clock and then the afternoon is all yours to enjoy the island. Remember, my personal suite is on the other side of the mansion from where all of your rooms are. If you have any questions, concerns, suggestions, whatever ... feel free to knock at any time. I will do whatever I can to adhere to your requests and wishes. Your comfort is my goal. Good night, and sleep well."

The girls began to drift off to their own rooms while I cleaned up and cleared the dining room. The whole job took less than ten minutes. One could say that I did have a live-in housekeeper to do this job for me, but Louisa was a senior citizen and I felt as if I asked too much of her as it was. So, I was more than happy to help with the clean-up. I also did my fair share of daily chores around here, too.

Next, I went to my private suite and locked the door, then opened the secret panel to the voyeur room and scanned the television monitors. All of the guest suites showed up with some of the ladies in various stages of undress, getting ready for bed. Remembering what had transpired earlier today between Pamela and Amy, I immediately got hard once again.

For the time being, I decided to focus my attention on Devon, who was sharing the first guest suite with Camille. Judging from her words, the 27-year-old from Pennsylvania had a definite crush on me. It was wonderful that Devon felt this way about me, but I had one question: Why?

Obviously not afraid to speak her mind, Devon was very outgoing and amicable, and her warm nature complemented her striking looks. Her physical appearance by itself simply demanded one's attention. Was there any man alive who could resist a woman as sultry and as beautiful as Devon? What normal man hasn't dreamed of an overly shapely blonde with a small, rail-thin waist, with the face of an angel to boot?

But since Devon was someone who could easily have her choice of any man, I wondered to myself why she had taken such a sudden interest in me. Of course, not only was this her first day on the island, but Devon and I had yet to sit down and thoroughly introduce ourselves to one another. It was not all that often when a dazzling, radiant woman such as Devon made a pass at me right out of the gate - even before knowing me. In fact, this was the first time ever.

I hardly considered myself some type of Casanova, or a very desirable man. I was really just your normal, typical guy. There were both good and bad things about me, but nothing stood out either way. That is an honest-to-goodness assessment of myself. Devon, however, could have her choice of any man. Why did I interest her so much at this very early stage of our relationship?

I contemplated several reasons in my mind, but none of them seemed to make any sense. Meanwhile, I kept an eye on Devon with the help of my hidden surveillance cameras. She was on the edge of the bed, wearing an oversized night-shirt, while Camille sorted through her suitcases just a few feet away. Curious, I flipped the microphone for their room on.

"What's it like in Pennsylvania?" Camille asked.

Devon, brushing her long-flowing blonde hair, offered a smile and replied, "A WHOLE lot different than what you are used to in San Diego, I'd say. There's snow in the winter and it gets really hot in the summer. I guess it is an okay place to live, but I'm glad I finally got out - at least for the time being. I love this island. I just love it!"

"Already?" Camille countered, giggling. "I'm going to miss my family while we're here. My mom and dad, and my two brothers. I'm going to miss all of them."

"That's one thing about me," Devon commented, her lips pursed. "I really don't care to see my parents any more. I wanted to get away from them more than anything else."

"Oh," Camille replied, looking hurt. "Did your parents do something wrong to you? Why are you mad at them?"

"It's a long story," Devon told her, glancing away.

Sorting through her suitcase as she sat on the floor, Camille nodded her head and said, "Well, if you ever want to talk about it, let me know. I'd love to listen and help."

Devon gave Camille a smile and mused, "I appreciate it. I think maybe I'll feel more like sharing in the future, as we get to know each other better. Sound good?"

"Of course," the lusty Latina responded. "Hey, what was that earlier when you tried to put the move on Jeremy?"

"Yeah," Devon grinned, shrugging her shoulders. "So? What can I say? I like him. I like him a lot."

"He does seem nice," Camille offered, sounding reserved. "I was talking with some of the others earlier. We really don't know what he expects from us over the course of the next six weeks. I'm going to hold back my judgment on him until I learn more about him. One of my friends back home warned me that Jeremy may run some sort of slave camp here. She warned me to be ready for anything."

I scoffed at those words - a slave camp(!/?) - as Devon shook her head in denial. "No, I don't think so. I asked Jeremy that very same thing at the party - what he expected from us. He said he would not ask us to do anything that made us feel uncomfortable. You were there too, Camille. I trust him. He is very, very nice. He is honest, too. I like those qualities in a man. I appreciate them."

"How do you know that he is honest?" Camille inquired. "I mean, you just met him a couple of hours ago..."

"Call me an excellent judge of character," Devon told her. "I can see right through men when they are being dishonest. I have had my fair share of practice with that in the past."

"Why are we even here, though?" Camille wondered, a bit skeptical. "Why did Jeremy bring all of us here? Why is he paying us so much money? Surely, he wants something."

"To find the right woman, and eventually marry her," I replied out loud. Obviously, since I was in the voyeur room, neither of the ladies could hear me. But still...

"Those are good questions," Devon nodded. "Maybe we can ask Jeremy about them tomorrow. Nevertheless, I believe this is going to be the absolute best time of all our lives. I think you have nothing to be worried about, Camille. I can promise you that Jeremy will treat us very, very well."

"You must really like him."

"Most definitely," the blonde returned.

"Is your love life as bad as mine?" Camille inquired, suddenly changing the subject.

Devon frowned momentarily. "I was dating this guy named Barrett for a long time, but he was a total jerk." Devon took a deep breath and shook her head. "I don't know why I stayed with him as long as I did, but I did. Years."

"Have you ever been married?"

"No, but I'd love to be someday," Devon replied. "I came close with Barrett, I guess, but it never would have worked out. He was such a jerk. He wanted me to live my life HIS way. I felt suffocated. And he cheated on me, too."

"How could anyone cheat on you? You are so beautiful!"

Devon blushed again. She seemed genuinely grateful for these nice compliments. "Thank you, Camille. But after me and Barrett broke up, I kind of lost myself in my job. I was a project manager for a large company in Pennsylvania. I devoted my heart and soul to that company. I worked 16 to 20 hours per day. I worked off days, even vacations. I once worked 106 days in a row, at least ten hours each day. I was like a walking zombie once I finally had a day off. And even then, I still worried about my job all day long."

"Why would you do that? Why work so hard?"

"I wanted to be promoted, but things got to the point where it seemed as if that would never happen," she said. "I saw people with half my experience pass me by. They got to work on the bigger projects, and make more money. And I hated the fact that my boss took ALL of the credit for the work I did. ALL OF THE CREDIT." Devon became agitated as she continued, "I worked my ass off for that company. All those hours and I never got any credit whatsoever." Devon pouted and fretted, "I'm sorry ... please excuse my language."

"There is no need for you to be sorry," Camille mused. "You wanted a little appreciation from your work. You say those with less experience passed you by and were promoted? Yet you gave your whole life to that job?"

"I haven't been on so much as a date in four months," Devon sulked. "I never had any time for anything other than work. But I got so angry with my boss and burned out that after I saw a flyer at a local health club, advertising this island and the chance at $500,000, it seemed like the right choice for me. Once my application was accepted for coming here, I quit my job. I told my boss to shove it."

That was an interesting tidbit of information to me. I was not aware that Devon had quit her job in order to come to the island. Suddenly, I felt worried for her future. I was under the impression that she and all of the other ladies had taken an excused leave of absence from their jobs.

"What are you going to do once you go back home?"

"I'll land on my feet somewhere," Devon answered. "Even if I don't get the $500,000, I'll get $100,000. Not bad for a six week vacation, huh?" Devon grinned and added, "Plus, it looks like my life-long fantasy will come true here."

"What is that?"

Devon hesitated, then smiled again. "To be with a woman."

Camille's eyes went wide. "You have never been with a woman before? And you're 27? Talking sexually, right?"

Devon nodded her head. "I have been attracted to other women since I was in high school. But I was too afraid to let anyone know about it. Too scared of embarrassment, I guess." Devon seemed a bit uncomfortable as she continued, "I take it ... you have been with ... women before?"

"Yes, I have. Since I was 17. Lots of girls."

"Are those ... is that ... what you prefer?" Devon seemed even more uncomfortable now. She was very curious about Camille and her experiences, obviously, but did not want to come across as being too intrusive or nosey.

"Sometimes I like being with guys," Camille responded. "Sometimes I like being with girls. Depends on my mood. Sometimes I like being with guys AND girls at the same time."

Devon smiled. "You mean a three-some?"

"Or a four-some," Camille mused. "Five-some, six-some. The more people for me, the merrier ... you know?"

Now, Devon was frowning. "I've been with two people in my life. Barrett, and my boyfriend from high school, Tim. Everyone always tells me how beautiful I am. But I'm 27, and I feel as if a big part of my life has passed me by. I just ... I get the feeling that I'm missing out on something. Like I have let so many opportunities pass me by in life in terms of relationships, and I don't have all that many left."

"You are 27, Devon," Camille reminded her. "Not 97. Not too many chances left for a relationship? That is crazy! You have all sorts of time. What about Jeremy?"

Devon smiled. "Hmmmmm ... Jeremy. I really like him. I want to get to know him better. I felt a certain spark the first time I looked at him earlier. You know what I mean?"

Camille tilted her head and raised an eyebrow at Devon. "The type of spark where you feel as if, quite possibly, you have finally found what it is that you have been searching all 27 years of your life for? Perhaps ... the perfect man?"

Devon offered a sheepish grin. "Exactly."

Inside the voyeur room, I gulped my throat and felt a sharp tingling sensation shoot right down my spine. Devon viewed me as _the perfect man_? _ME_? The idea was quite flattering, indeed, but I simply could not accept it. I was not perfect. I had way too many flaws as a person to be considered anything more than average, or even below average.

"You are beautiful," Camille stressed, her gaze locked onto Devon's face. "You are the sexiest woman that I have ever seen in my entire life. I think you are a goddess."

Devon offered a slight (perhaps stunned?) smile, then gulped her throat. Camille quickly went on, "I am happy that you are willing to tell me things about your life. I want you to trust in me. I want to be your friend."

"You are very easy to talk to," Devon nodded. "I feel as if I could tell you anything, Camille. I really do. Just from these few minutes here, and the reception party."

"You can," the Mexican purred, before shifting gears in their conversation. "If you like Jeremy as much as you say you do, why not let him know about it?"

Devon laughed in a negative manner and shook her head. "I tried that at the party earlier. I kissed him, you know, but I hope I wasn't too forward with what I did. I really don't want to mess things up. I like him SO MUCH."

"I like you too, dear," I commented, watching the monitor.

"I feel as if I'm back in high school!" Devon giggled, tilting her head from side-to-side in a repeated motion. "Like I am vying for the attention of the hottest guy in class! I certainly haven't felt this way since then."

"The hottest guy in class?" I chuckled, not believing my ears. Was Devon actually making a reference to me?

Camille laughed as well. "I was always vying for the hottest girl in class when I was in high school. Everyone knew that I was bi-sexual, and that I adored other girls. It didn't stop the guys from going after me, though."

"Wasn't it embarrassing?"

"What?"

"Everyone knowing that you were bi-sexual?"

Camille shook her head. "Not at all. I never really cared what others thought about me. I had four different girlfriends when I was a senior in high school, and many more in the years following that. If I kept the fact that I am bi-sexual to myself and never let anyone know about it, I would be in the same predicament that you are now."

"What do you mean?" Devon wondered, curious.

"Age 27 and a virgin in terms of being with other women," Camille replied. "Instead, because I was not afraid to let others know of my sexuality, my first time with another woman happened nine years ago - in 2003. A girl, actually. A Puerto Rican girl named A.J." Camille closed her eyes for a moment and sighed at the memories. "Hmmmmm ... A.J. had a tongue and definitely knew how to use it."

"Really?" Devon fidgeted, but also seeming very intrigued.

"How you could have survived this long with just two men in your life - and no women - is beyond me," Camille told her. "I would go insane without the taste of pussy. And just two men? You have limited yourself so much, Devon. Your life must feel so incredibly unfulfilled right now."

"Yeah..." Devon murmured, her voice suddenly frail.

"I have an idea," Camille purred. "You say that you really like Jeremy. You have an attraction for women that has yet to be explored. And you seem very curious and interested about group sex, or at least the idea of it."

"I've never done that sort of thing before," Devon said in her soft, squealy tone. "I mean ... I don't even know anything about it. But the thought does intrigue me."

"Here is my idea," Camille cooed, a devious smile on her face. "I say you and me go to Jeremy's room right now, knock on his door ... and then we seduce him. Together." My eyes suddenly wide, I coughed out loud and felt my cock twinge and pulsate with life. Camille wanted Devon to tag along with her for a night of sex with me? Just the mere idea sent my mind into serious overdrive with the possibilities!

"Oh no, I could never do that," Devon offered in response, shaking her head. "I ... I'm not that type of girl."

"What type of girl?" Camille giggled. "Look at you, Devon. Look at all the pent-up sexual frustration that is inside of you. You haven't been on a date in several months. How many times have you seen a good-looking guy on the street, or at the corner market, and just wanted to let go? Just wanted to throw yourself at him, and let go? Bend over right there and let him violate you like no one's business?"

"Camille!..." Devon squealed, fidgeting about as she leaned against the dresser in their suite. Devon's good side wanted to deny those allegations, but if so, it would have been a lie. Judging by her reaction, Devon had many fantasies similar to the one which Camille just eluded to.

"I know your type."

"My type?" Devon screeched. "WHAT are you talking about?"

Camille smiled. "You worked in an office setting, yes? I bet you wore tight, little outfits every single day to work - showing off your body for all the men, and even the women. Am I correct?" Devon squirmed and fidgeted some more, silently admitting that Camille's speculation was dead-on accurate. "You were the best-looking woman in the entire museum, and you knew it. You wanted others to know it, too. Show some leg, some cleavage ... you'd do anything."

Camille eyed Devon from head to toe and continued, "How many times did you fantasize about sucking one of your male co-workers off? Even if it was just for fun? How many times did you think about hooking up with the hot red-head in the corner cubicle, and licking her pussy?"

"Act-Actually," Devon stammered, "the hot blonde. I ... it was a hot blonde in the corner cubicle. Je-Jesse."

"Thought so," Camille grinned. "How many times did you finger yourself to sleep at night, fantasizing about licking Jesse's pussy as if it was your first supper in weeks?"

"Camille!" Devon whined, obviously flustered. "Stop it!"

"I bet you would have made a fine _sucretary_."

"Sucretary?" Devon asked, confused.

"A sucretary," Camille repeated. "Your job each day would be to wait on your knees underneath your boss' desk. When he comes into the office and sits down at his desk, you would be required to start sucking his cock immediately. That is what Amy was for her boss. She told me so!" Eve nodded her head for emphasis and purred, "Oh yes ... you would be REALLY good at that. Probably even much better than Amy, because of all of that frustration inside of you. Or maybe your boss could be a woman? Me ... perhaps? _I_ would have you lick my pussy all day, Devon. I would also have you fuck my clients and all of your co-employees on demand. Oh yes ... I would! And best of all, you would like it! You would always want more!"

"Oh God..." Devon sighed, those words and the thoughts they conjured up within her mind obviously affecting her.

"You would be really good at that," Camille surmised, a wicked grin on her face. "You and your hot, little body. If I were your boss, Devon, your only job would be to fuck and please others. The office slut! But most importantly, though ... me. I would turn you into a 'lil fuck doll ... a _Tickle Me Devon_ doll. I'd dress you up in leather, latex, PVC ... handcuffs too, of course. Dog chains! You'd crawl around the office all day on your hands and knees, and you'd fuck anyone and everyone I told you to at a drop of a dime."

Devon sprung up and flailed her arm outward in a very angry fashion. Apparently, Camille had went too far. "I am going down to the kitchen to get something to drink," Devon told her. "And I DO NOT want you to follow me." With that, she turned and stormed out of the room.

Camille still had that evil smile as she looked toward the door Devon had just exited through. "It may take a couple of days, but I'll convert her," the Latina said in a low voice, nodding her head for emphasis. "I'm going to turn her into a walking, living, breathing sex toy ... yes I am."

My attention was diverted as I noticed in the third guest suite, there was what appeared to be a little girl seated on the far bed. She was wearing white pajamas that had feet in them, with _yellow duckie_ designs all around. Oh my God!...

"I just never found the right person to give myself to yet," Lindsay said, as I flipped the audio switch on for the room that she shared with Trish. "I want my first time to be very special and wonderful. Is that too much to ask? I want to look back 50 years from now and not regret one thing about it. That is why I've waited this long. I had lots of opportunities with guys in high school, but I never found the right one. I guess I'm a little old-fashioned..."

"There's nothing wrong with that," Trish, who was seated on the opposite bed, told her. "But why did you come here, honey, knowing what this place would be like?"

"For the money," Lindsay admitted. "For the money. I ... I know it will happen here. I know that I will lose my virginity here. I just want to feel comfortable and secure with whomever it happens to be with. I guess I won't be in love, but I at least want it to be with a friend. I don't have any friends here yet because we all just met today."

"I'm your friend," Trish cooed.

Lindsay seemed to squirm about at those words. "I have never had a girlfriend, unfortunately, and I've only had a couple of boyfriends. I've always been curious about other girls but have always been too afraid to approach them. I live in a really small town and if word got out ... OHHHHH ... I don't even want to think about it. But I've dreamed of one day having a girlfriend for probably five or six years. Even as early as age 12, I was attracted to other girls. I had the biggest crush on Britney Spears back in the day."

Trish laughed. "Hopefully not any more! I remember when she shaved her head bald ... her career has definitely taken a downward spin from where it was 10, 12 years ago."

"She has made a comeback in recent times, you know."

"Sort of..." Trish conceded.

Lindsay hesitated for an instant, then shyly bit her lip. "Carrie Underwood is my girl-crush nowadays."

Trish smiled. "Nothing wrong with that. Nothing wrong at all. Carrie Underwood seems like a very classy gal."

Lindsay shook her head and added, "I have vivid fantasies about a lot of girls I see in my everyday life, too. Not just celebrities. I have wanted to be with another girl for the longest time. I think ... I think I was attracted to girls before I was boys. I ... I have so many different thoughts ... and fantasies." Lindsay's face went beet-red as she went on, "I ... I cannot believe that I am talking so open and candidly about my attraction for other girls with you. I have never told anyone about my fantasies like this."

Trish smiled and winked an eye at her. "I want to be the one who makes your dreams come true. I would be HONORED."

Lindsay gulped her throat, then pointed toward the nearby restroom. "I think I'm gonna take a bath in the jacuzzi. Never been in one of them before." She smiled at Trish and added, "I'm only staying in there for a half-hour, though. I'm really tired. I cannot believe that it's almost midnight. I never flew quite so far in an airplane before. I don't even like being in them. Amy said her ears were popping. So were mine, unfortunately. They were popping like crazy!"

"Do your religious beliefs make you believe that sex is a bad thing?" Trish wondered. "Sex outside of marriage, eh?"

Lindsay nodded her head. "Yes. It was instilled in me by my parents that I should save myself for marriage. My oldest sister, Jennifer, waited until her wedding night. She was 22 then. My other two sisters, Gina and Alison, did not wait." Lindsay frowned again. "Allison is younger than me. She is 16 and has already been with three boys."

"Does that make you jealous?"

Lindsay contemplated Trish's question for a moment, then nodded her head in a shy manner. "Sometimes I think about what it would be like. Alison has told me ... some stories."

Trish smiled at her. "Oh yeah? What type of stories?"

Lindsay gulped her throat. "Alison tells me of the many things that she does with her new boyfriend." Suddenly, the 18-year-old looked very agitated. "If it is God's will for me to save myself for my wedding night, then why do I have the feelings and desires that I do? Why does listening to Alison and her stories about Eric make me ... umm ... uhh..."

"What?" Trish insisted.

Obviously overcome with a sudden rush of embarrassment, Lindsay eventually admitted, "Hot. They make me feel hot."

Now, Trish was smiling from ear-to-ear. She had just managed to get Lindsay to confide something in her that no one, with the possible exception of Alison, had ever heard her say before. "Having sex is not a bad thing, honey. I have never been married, but I've had sex with five people in my life - three men and two women. It does not make me a bad person. I KNOW that I am a good person. I also know that no matter what, I will go to Heaven when I die. Heaven would be a sparsely populated place if it only consisted of people who waited until their wedding night to have sex."

Now, Lindsay appeared to be so incredibly flustered that she was actually trembling. "I'm gonna go take my bath..."

Suddenly worried, Trish sat up in her own bed and implored to her room-mate, "I didn't mean, honey, to make you feel one bit uncomfortable with what I said. You gave me your views on sex. I gave you mine. That is all."

"You did not do anything wrong," Lindsay assured Trish. "Nothing at all. I just ... I have been thinking about this day for the past three months. Ever since Jeremy said he had accepted my application and was bringing me to the island, I knew this would be the place where I would lose my virginity. Now that I'm finally here, I ... I ... I don't know."

"Don't know what?"

"I need to come to grips with what will happen here," she explained. "Look at the other girls here. Pamela is a stripper. She has been a stripper for over 11 years. My mother would freak out if she knew that I was hanging around with a stripper. Look at Amy. She told me on the airline flight that she has sex with FIVE GUYS AT ONCE every weekend. I heard that Camille has a group of girlfriends back home. I ... it seems to me that I'm the odd one out here. I have no experience. You have been with three guys and two girls, Trish. I am sure that Devon has had her fair share of lovers, too. Plus, all of you are so much older than me. Jeremy is the oldest one of you all. He is more than twice my age. Jeremy ... Jeremy ... Jeremy ... is only eight years younger than my father." Ouch, I said inwardly. "Trish, I ... I feel ... I feel so out-of-place. I feel so different!"

Lindsay vehemently shook her head and fussed, "Look at that shirt Amy had on at the meeting earlier tonight, with those ... those ... those AWFUL WORDS!" Obviously, Lindsay was referring to Amy's _Filthy WHORE_, _Sin For Sale_ tank-top. "I would never be caught DEAD wearing something like that! I feel ... I feel so out-of-place here. So out-of-place! I ... I ... all of the girls seem so entirely different than me."

"There is no reason for you to feel out-of-place, honey," Trish countered. "Everyone has to start somewhere. And I love the fact that you are still a teen-ager. I am a good 12 years older than you - 30 - but I never want you to feel out-of-place when you're with me. What I want is for you to feel comfortable and at ease. I want to be your friend. I am pretty easy-going and can relate to anyone at any age. My younger sister, Melissa, is close to your age. She is 20, and probably looks at me as her best friend. I think that I am a pretty cool and sensible gal, and I can relate. I can. Believe me, I have nothing but your best interests in mind. I want you to feel as if you could trust me with anything."

Lindsay swallowed hard. "Like my virginity?"

Trish nodded her head. "If your virginity is something that you would be willing to give to me, Lindsay, I cannot tell you how much of an honor and a privilege it would be for me." Lindsay lowered her head and blushed a crimson red yet again as Trish added, "I would treat it as such, too. I would make you feel so incredibly special, so wonderful. I would make it better than you ever dreamed possible. That much, I promise you. 100 percent satisfaction, guaranteed."

Lindsay was so disoriented now that it seemed as if she could not offer a single word in response.

"But I am not going to coerce or try to talk you into anything," Trish quickly advised her. "Whomever you decide to have your first time with, sweetheart, the choice will be up to you. I want what you want. As long as you are happy, Lindsay, _I_ will be happy. Please remember that."

Still embarrassed and flustered, Lindsay glanced upward and made momentary eye contact with Trish. "I will."

"Can I ask you something, eh?"

"Sure," Lindsay replied, her eyes cast downward again.

"You mentioned the fact that Pamela is a stripper, and your mom would not like the fact that you were hanging around with one," Trish began. "You are very religious. Does Pamela being a stripper make her a bad person? If the answer is yes, I will keep it to myself. I will not tell Pamela, or anyone else. You can trust me."

Lindsay took a deep breath and sighed. "A week ago, I would have said yes. But now ... I'm not so sure. Pamela is so nice and friendly. She told me to come to her if I ever needed any help or advice. She ... she seems way too nice to be a stripper. I have a hard time imagining her that way. She was so nice to me on the boat ride from Lima to here. You were nice too, Trish. I ... I really appreciate that. Strippers ... I imagine them as jaded and hard-looking ... like those you see on television talk shows. Alcohol and drugs, marijuana. But Pamela is so beautiful. She looks like a professional model if you ask me, not a stripper. She is smart, too! She is part of _Mensa_. I would not think that many strippers are qualified to be in _Mensa_. Did you see how fast Pamela filled out those _Sudoku_ puzzles on the boat? She did them in no time flat!"

"I happen to think that Pamela is a sweet girl," Trish commented. "I sat next to her on the flight from Miami. I certainly would have never pegged her as a stripper. But Pamela is nowhere near as sweet as you are, Lindsay."

With that, the young minx bolted up from her private bed and declared, "I'm DEFINITELY going to take my bath now."

Trish grinned and waved at Lindsay as she made her way into the restroom. "Have fun in the jacuzzi..."

Of course, with Lindsay stepping into the restroom and triggering its motion detector, the corresponding monitor here within the voyeur room came to life. After closing the door, Lindsay went over to the tub and turned its water on. She adjusted its temperature to her liking and then allowed the tub to begin to fill with water. A moment later, the little blonde leaned against the sinktop and began tugging at the feet part of her pajama bottoms. Decision time...

What should I do? I was presented with the opportunity to sit back here in my voyeur room and watch Lindsay peel away her entire pajama suit from her heavenly body, only to then submerge herself into the luxurious whirlpool bathtub.

Of course, I could throw another descriptor onto that body of hers, too - virginal. Lindsay was a virgin and thus, no one had ever been blessed with the sight of her nude body before. But the moment was here. I had a one-in-a-billion chance of eavesdropping on an untouched virgin as she took a bath. Lindsay would not have the faintest clue that she had an audience. No one, in fact, would know. No one except me. All I had to do was sit back, and watch...

It should not come as any shocking surprise that the very moment Lindsay began to tug her pajama bottoms downward, I temporarily deactivated the camera in the restroom, thus causing the monitor in front of me to go blank. There was not even a millisecond of debate about that within my mind.

I simply could not bring myself to spy on Lindsay in such a private moment. Until she was comfortable sharing her body with others, it would not be right of me to eavesdrop on her as she took a bath. I could never do that to a virgin.

But none of the other ladies here were virgins.

Back in their guest suite, Trish was eyeing the closed restroom door while gently caressing and prodding each of her large, beautiful breasts with an open hand through the t-shirt that she wore. Judging by what had transpired thus far, it was obvious that Trish wanted the opportunity to get to know Lindsay. I got the sense that she actually wanted to care about Lindsay as a person. But by watching her now on the surveillance monitor, I could easily tell that Trish had a _serious_ physical attraction for Lindsay, too.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index
Chapter 1: Paid Vacation
Posted: May 27, 2012 - 07:59:09 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Continuation...

Trish's brown eyes were glazed over as she continued to stare at the closed restroom door, while also still rubbing her breasts through the fabric of her t-shirt. There was one thing on her mind, and it was obvious. The 30-year-old was fantasizing about the very thing I chose to forego just seconds ago. What did Lindsay look like when totally nude? Or, perhaps more likely, Trish was contemplating how that little, virgin pussy would taste on her lips and tongue...

Trish let out a long-winded sigh and now used both hands to generously cup and squeeze her breasts. The busty vixen glanced at the door again, then gently murmured, "Oh God ... Lindsay is so pretty." My eyes wide as I watched her, Trish settled down onto the mattress and moaned out in arousal. "She's the sweetest little thing I've ever seen in my life. I want to take her home and play _house_ for the next 50 years!"

Before gliding her right hand underneath the waistband of her shorts, Trish looked at the restroom door yet again. It seemed as if she wanted to make certain that Lindsay would not be stepping out anytime soon. Satisfied for now, Trish groaned out as she slid several fingers between her thighs.

The young woman's body began to squirm and writhe about on the bed, albeit in a gentle fashion, as she twiddled away at her pussy with a bevy of fingers. Her shorts were blue and made of cotton, and were quite a snug fit. Though I could not see Trish's pussy as she massaged it, I followed the plight of her long, supple fingers through the fabric.

"Hmmmmm," she sighed, her knees now in the air and feet flat on the bed. "I want to love that girl so much..."

Inside the voyeur room, I could not resist the urge to withdraw my throbbing cock from my own shorts and feverishly stroke it in the open air. Trish came across as very classy and distinguished, so having the opportunity to watch her as she masturbated in this private moment was very special. It was also incredibly naughty, but I could not help myself.

Trish licked her lips as her actions upon the bed became more animated. Her knees still in the air, those legs were moving as she continued pleasuring her pussy with her right hand. With her left, she traced it across the outline of her breasts. Wow, I said to myself. What a goddess...

I should have felt guilty for spying on Trish, but I didn't. The sexual voyeur in me always won out over my decent, logical side in the end - with the lone exception of Lindsay. Though my voyeuristic side wanted me to, I could not bring myself to eavesdrop on an untouched virgin. All of the other ladies, though, were obviously fair game.

"Let's get off together," I growled out loud in the voyeur room, busily frigging my cock, my eyes transfixed on that one, particular monitor. "Come on, sweetheart. Get yourself off. Get yourself off, and help ME get off, too."

Trish giggled as I said those words. I wondered if she was fantasizing about what it would be like to do the things to Lindsay's sweet pussy that she was now doing to her own. I did not need to wonder. That was obviously on her mind. A whole lot of other things were on her mind, too.

"Hmmmmm..." Trish soon moaned, her movements becoming even more agitated. She was fingering her pussy nice and fast now. Her moans were becoming more prevalent, too.

I almost blew my load as Trish used her free hand to pull a white vibrator out from underneath the pillow. It looked like one of those _magic wands_ which I had saw so many times in adult mail-order catalogs. Trish held the pleasure tool above her face for an instant and giggled to herself. "Why ... it's _Mr. Happy_ time!"

But when Trish began nudging her shorts downward, there was a noise from elsewhere in the suite. Trish jerked about and instantly sat up as if she had just heard a gunshot go off. In reality, it was the sound of the restroom door being unlocked from the inside, then opened.

In her haste not to get caught _in the act_, Trish was able to stash the vibrator underneath the pillow behind her. But her posture was erect and straight, and she had quite the guilty, dumbfounded expression on her face as Lindsay glared at her with a very peculiar, odd look.

"Is everything okay?"

"Oh ... yeah," Trish nodded, her breathing ragged. She tried to compose herself. "Oh ... yeah. I was ... I was ... you ... you startled me! Yes! You startled me! That's all. I was ... I was about to doze off." Trish vigorously shook her head and then did her best to come across as an innocent. "I thought you were going to take a bath, eh?"

With her yellow-duckied pajamas still on, Lindsay pointed toward the suitcase that was perched atop her own bed. "I forgot my hair dryer," she said, that same odd look on her ravishing face. "I ... I think I'll get it now." Lindsay quickly stepped toward the bed and retrieved the hair dryer. She offered Trish one more strange look, then backed her way into the restroom and closed (and locked) the door.

Trish sighed deeply and brought her right hand to her face. She rubbed her eyes with her thumb and forefinger, then shook her head and sighed again. "That was close," she breathed. "I need some fresh air." A moment later, Trish rose to her feet and quickly exited the suite.

In the voyeur room, I shook my head as well. I got the impression that Lindsay knew Trish was not being completely truthful with her. But at the same time, I do not believe that Lindsay had any clue that Trish had been masturbating. Even more, masturbating to the thought of Lindsay herself. How could she ever suspect such a thing?

Trish was EXTREMELY lucky that she did not get caught...

The sight of Lindsay in her pajamas - which did nothing but make her appear even younger - coupled with the fact that she was an untouched virgin, made my senses shift into overdrive. I continually stroked my cock here in the voyeur room, fantasizing about what it would be like to take this erection and insert it into that sweet, little mouth of hers. I wanted to deflower Lindsay's pussy more than anything!

On the other hand, I would only do those things to Lindsay if she were to afford me the opportunity. Much like Trish, I was not going to try and sway her opinion toward me at all. I was not the type of person to do such things. But the idea itself? Contemplating the possibility? It was exhilarating.

I may have naughty thoughts, indeed, but I pride myself in being a gentleman and thus, my actions would always be totally pure and sincere. All one had to do is point toward my turning off the hidden surveillance camera in the restroom once Lindsay started getting ready for her dip in the tub. I would feel so very guilty now if I had actually spied on her.

Over the course of a few hours, I had gone from Pamela being my favorite to Devon, and now Lindsay. Yes, Lindsay was my new favorite. There was something to be said about her sweet innocence and wholesome good looks. I found that young and naive aura she displayed to be very magnetic, too.

At the same time, however, I had to be rational about Lindsay and any potential prospects with her. How many girls fresh out of high school would seriously consider a long-term commitment with a 38-year-old man such as myself? Obviously, I had to keep that in mind before allowing myself to become too emotionally infatuated with Lindsay. I was more than twice her age and, even worse, old enough to be her father. That was a definite first for me in my lifetime. Never before had I been able to say that about a woman that I was pursuing. Obviously, it was not something to be overly joyous about.

All of a sudden, however - as crazy as this may sound - Lindsay and Trish were no longer on my mind.

The surveillance monitor which displayed the long corridor outside my personal suite flickered to life, and my eyes went wide at what I saw. Amy was fast approaching my room, decked out in a flirtatious and sexy outfit. She even went right past the glass wall (and all of its shimmering lights) that I spoke of earlier, and paid it no attention whatsoever. It was crystal-clear that she was coming to offer me a visit.

I growled at the sight of the loaded red-head as she took in a deep breath, then knocked on the front door of my suite. I quickly exited the voyeur room and sealed its entrance, obviously not wanting Amy (or any of the other ladies) to know about my secret quite yet. Perhaps in time, I would let them know about it (or perhaps not). But right now? This was definitely not the right time.

I took a deep breath of my own before opening the door and offering Amy my most gracious, friendly smile. Needless to say, she looked absolutely scintillating. I was still sporting a raging, full-blown erection from earlier (thanks to Lindsay, Trish and the voyeur room), and the thought quickly dawned on me that Amy would be a good outlet for it.

I began to contemplate that if a truly perfect woman was sculpted, perhaps it would be Amy. Why not? All I had to was look at her in order to feel this way. Physically fit and shapely at a height of 5-foot-6, Amy literally glowed as she stood before me now. She had a certain, definitive aura about herself which could not be put into words. Those eyes of hers, green and alluring as could be, accentuated the sheer beauty of her face to an even greater extent.

"Hi Amy. What can I do for you? Isn't it a bit late?" Oh, I am certain that I sounded like a bumbling fool to her. I had too many visions of too many things - all of which were good - running roughshod throughout my mind right now.

She reached out and her delicate hand came into contact with my arm. She offered it a squeeze and looked directly at me. "Can I come in for a minute? I gotta talk to you."

"Ummmmm ... sure," I managed to tell her. I felt tingles going up my spine due to the warmth of her hand. "Come in, dear. Make yourself at home. Can I get you a drink?" I was able to collect my senses somewhat and pressed onward, "Unfortunately, I have no alcohol or wine located here. I'm not into that. But how about some orange juice, maybe?"

Amy slipped her slender right arm around mine and stepped into the suite, momentarily guiding me with her. Of course, I offered no resistance whatsoever. Why would I?

Amy said nothing in response as she released my arm and moved further into the suite on her own. Her firm, luscious legs mesmerized me for a moment as they shuffled along with catlike grace. The enchantress came to a halt beside the large, sprawling bed, which was the centerpiece of the suite, then turned her head and offered me an inquisitive glance. As a result, my heart literally skipped a beat.

"Orange juice would be fine," she simply offered.

After pouring her a quick glass of orange juice (easily the quickest glass I ever poured, by the way), Amy smiled as I approached her. Once the distance was closed, she reached out with a single finger and trailed it down the very center of my chest. The gentle, subtle move on her part, of course, sent absolute shockwaves throughout my entire body.

Taking a deep breath, I offered Amy a long stare and almost became lost in her green eyes yet again. I blinked, then re-focused and found myself taking in the wondrous beauty of Amy's face. As she looked at me with a playful glint in her eyes, and took the glass of orange juice with her free hand, I somehow found the will to speak.

"Anything ... I can do for you tonight?"

Amy had a bounce in her step as she spun around in a circle, offering up a beguiling smile to boot. Her eyes then began to focus on the suite, which had millions of dollars worth of collectables and decorations scattered throughout it. Of particular interest to Amy, however, was the 180-degree view of the Pacific Ocean through six floor-to-ceiling, plate-glass windows which wrapped halfway around the bedroom. It was a beautiful spectacle here at night, but even more so in the daytime when there were no clouds in the sky. It was blue for as far as one could see.

I gave Amy another hard, solid look. How I was able to maintain any semblance of thought (and restraint) with her proudly wearing a snug-fitting, blue denim blouse, along with a brown, sassy miniskirt, was beyond my comprehension.

"Wow..." Amy murmured, her green eyes flashing as they fixated on me after surveying the suite. "That sure is some view you have there, Jeremy. All lit-up at night; I can even see the beach below us." She paused and then openly wondered, "Just how much money do you exactly have?"

"Enough, but I'd rather not tell just yet," were my words. "Perhaps in due time, I'll let you ladies in on my secrets. Right now, we're in the _getting to know each other_ stage."

Amy stared at me for several seconds, but said nary a word as she then turned and slowly walked away. Yet again, I found myself totally infatuated with the sight of Amy's tanned, sleek legs as she silently stood with her back to me. The corduroy miniskirt she wore did a remarkable job of highlighting those beautiful legs. It did not take a lot of time before I was blatantly ogling at the mere sight of them. I stepped toward her, wanting to be closer.

Finally turning her head to glance over her shoulder at me, Amy giggled as I continued to gawk at her. She even shifted her weight a couple of times, which did nothing but draw my attention even more toward those immaculate legs.

"Don't you get lonely here, Jeremy, all by yourself?" Amy asked, slowly sashaying off toward the bookcase full of artifacts and historical relics against the far wall. "I mean, before we came ... there was no one here, right? No one but you? You and Louisa, of course?" She took a swig of her orange juice, then put its glass down on a coaster.

"That's right ... just me and the housekeeper. I do have a friend - a lady named Kristanna - who visits me on occasion. But I don't see her quite as often as I'd like to. I am afraid that Kristanna lives halfway around the world."

"I mean, you're a normal man, right?" Amy continued. "I mean, you have ... needs, right?"

I gulped my throat and answered, "Most definitely."

"OH..." the 30-year-old gently cooed, before bending over slightly at the waist to look at an object upon the shelf. Amy pretended to inspect the artifact, but it was readily apparent that her sole purpose in bending over was to get a reaction out of me. She even proceeded to wiggle that shapely, picture-perfect ass of hers in a seductive manner.

"Wow..." Amy murmured, as she bent lower, looking at a new object. "This stuff you have is pretty interesting, Jeremy." I groaned as the goddess raised a high-heeled foot and dangled it about for a moment. It was a very simple move on her part, but also powerfully erotic.

Amy put her foot back down and then bent _even lower_. Now, she was inspecting something upon the bottom shelf. Her legs widespread, Amy was bent over at the waist in her little, brown miniskirt, which was riding high. I quickly realized that she was not wearing anything underneath the miniskirt as her precious, glistening pussy was on full display for my admiring eyes. My entire body was trembling so much that I feared I may just spontaneously combust...

Amy stood up and slowly turned toward me, sweeping her immaculate, free-flowing red hair in the process with her right forearm. "Where did you get that artifact, Jeremy?" she asked, pointing to the piece on the lower right. "It looks so expensive, and beautiful."

Amy waited for an answer, but did not receive one. I was way too distracted to speak. Thus, she bent down once more and inspected the object on the bottom shelf. Again, her miniskirt rode high as I found myself literally drooling at the sight of not only her pussy, but her ass as well. This time, though, Amy glanced back over her shoulder and caught me openly staring at her. As if she did not know already...

Amy stood up one more time, then casually reached behind herself to smooth her corduroy skirt downward. Because this incredible woman had teased and tormented me so much over the past couple of minutes, my cock was bigger and harder than it ever had been before. The excitement level within me had reached monumental proportions, and was still growing.

Amy obviously had no interest in admiring those artifacts and relics upon the shelf. This whole charade of hers was nothing more than a ploy to get me aroused. She succeeded.

"I'm so looking forward to the next six weeks," Amy cooed as she strolled over to a chair, her exquisite, silky-smooth hair coming into contact with my shoulder. I could smell her perfume ... it was lavender. The intoxicating scent flooded my senses, and made my head swoon. Amy then took a seat and offered, "Hmmmmm ... but what a long day I've had. It would be really nice to relax, and unwind for a bit."

Try as I might, but I could not help but to stare at those gorgeous, lithe legs once again. Amy realized what I was doing, then proceeded to very slowly cross her legs - which brought a harsh, excited moan from deep within me. I was like a caged animal waiting to get loose! She had me under her spell, and was no doubt going to take advantage.

"I'd really like for you to fuck me," Amy proclaimed, her voice suddenly very intent and focused.

I shook my head in response to her aggressive words as I began to appraise the rest of her body. Amy had such slender arms and shoulders, but I paused too long to admire her large, heavenly breasts as they jutted outward upon her snug-fitting blouse. Amy's face was absolutely stunning. She had a perfect set of sparkling, white teeth, which accompanied a killer smile. How could I deny her?

Despite the heated state of arousal she had put me in, I suddenly felt mysteriously at ease. Amy was so easy - so comfortable, to be around. She was a true goddess...

"I want you to fuck me, Jeremy," Amy reiterated. My cock began to throb and pulsate within my shorts as she took a deep breath and arched her shoulders back, causing the blue denim top she wore to stretch tightly upon her breasts. My breathed wide, the young woman suddenly dropped to her knees - in a very submissive position - and begged, "Fuck me please."

"Oh my God..." was all I managed.

Even before I could think of what to do or say next, I found myself dropping to my own knees directly in front of Amy. I reached out with my right hand and cradled the side of her face, and held it in a gentle, loving fashion.

"Is this what you truly want?" I quietly asked her. "We just met today. I do not want you to do something that you may regret ... be it later tonight, tomorrow, whenever. You really, truly want to be with me?"

"I do."

I gulped at those words, which made my heart flutter with a sudden mixture of love and devotion. Could I hear those same two words from Amy again in the future? Perhaps next time, with her wearing a white gown in a cathedral setting?

"You don't have to do this," I told her. "I am in no way expecting this from you or any of the other girls here."

"I want to do it," she simply said.

I nodded my head at her. There was no turning back now.

I reached around Amy's luscious body and lifted the hem of her brown miniskirt. Again, she had nothing on underneath it. No G-string, no panties, no nothing. I could see the outline of her lush, perky nipples through the fabric of her blue denim blouse as well. Then, it dawned on me.

"You don't have a bra on either, dear?"

"I hate bras," Amy returned, making a face, in essence repeating what she said to Pamela earlier today in their guest room. "I hate bras. Way too constricting. And I think panties get in the way too much."

"You like showing off your body, don't you?"

"I love it," she replied in a matter-of-fact tone. "I've always been a show-off; a tease, a flirt. I can't help it."

With my left hand, I pulled back the waistband of my shorts while using my right to reach inside and grasp my fully-erect cock. I took it out and jostled it about before Amy's pretty face. Now, it was my turn to be the bold one.

"Is this the reward you have always gotten for being a tease?" I asked her. "A hard cock?"

She nodded her head, her eyes fixated upon my erection. "Yes. That, and some pussy. But I prefer cock."

I grinned yet again. "You're not happy unless you have a cock stuffed somewhere in your body ... correct?"

Amy looked up into my eyes and shook her head. "No, I'm not." I could tell that my words were getting to her. She was becoming turned on - even without me touching her.

"You came here tonight to seduce me. Didn't you, Amy?"

"Yes," she replied, her gaze quickly lowered.

"I think it's time you suck my cock," I simply stated, to which the 30-year-old nodded her head in a submissive manner.

I moved to the edge of the bed, then wiggled my shorts and briefs down to my knees and let them fall to the floor. At the same time, Amy scooted forward and grasped my erection with her right hand. She slapped its bulging tip upon her chin and giggled, then looked up into my eyes.

"You may want to get used to being on your knees for me," I told her, again showing my bold side. "We may like it so much that you do it for the next 40 years. Maybe have three, four kids along the way, and grow old together." Amy sighed at those words as I asked, "That sound appealing to you?"

She nodded her head. "Yes."

I smiled at her. "Me too." Jumping the gun, so to speak, on my part, I agree ... but it was spontaneous, and honest.

Amy did not waste any more time as she used both of her hands to cup and softly knead my aching testicles. At the same time, her slick tongue darted over and around the head of my pulsating cock. Being very gentle, Amy soon switched her hands to the length of my shaft while moving her tongue to my testicles. Now stroking its length, Amy slid and twirled her tongue around my testicles.

I was in my own sense of Heaven right now. I cannot even begin to describe the emotions that were swirling throughout me at this moment in time. Words would never do it justice. And, believe it or not, but I had only been with one other woman in any sort of a sexual sense up until this point. A 38-year-old man such as yours truly, and only one woman in his lifetime. Strange as it seems, but Amy was just the second for me. I could not have asked for anyone better.

Moving her hands and fingers back to my testicles, the eager nymphomaniac captured the very tip of my shaft between her lips and soon began the slow, deep descent.

I moaned and growled as I watched the length of my cock sink further and further between her lush, red lips. I eventually let out a satisfied groan once Amy had engulfed me completely. Her nose and lips pressed against my pubic bone, Amy had taken my entire length into her mouth.

The enchantress was frozen for a short time, obviously enjoying the feel of my bulging cock-head lingering deep within her throat. Then, without warning, her head bobbed upward - until the very tip of my erection was loosely nestled between her lips. Two seconds later, she quickly engulfed and swallowed the entire length of my cock into her hungry, greedy mouth yet again.

Amy used this particular technique for quite some time. At the speed of light, she would jam my shaft deep into her throat. While tickling and playing with my testicles, she would then very S-L-O-W-L-Y ease my shaft almost completely out, until its tip was just between her luscious lips. Then, the maddening process would repeat itself.

When Amy looked up at me, her mouth still full, her green eyes roared with passionate lust once they caught sight of mine. Our gazes now mutually locked as one, Amy began bobbing her head up-and-down at a very gentle, easy pace.

The young woman moaned in delight as I reached down with my hands and caressed her scalp. Running both hands through her silky, red hair, I let out a deep sigh and then thrusted my hips forward - driving my throbbing erection hard and fast into her eager, willing throat.

"I can't take any more!" I exclaimed, out of breath.

Amy immediately steadied herself, gripping the base of my shaft and closing her lips tightly around it. A mere instant later, the eruption came.

As expected, Amy kept her mouth sealed around my cock as I pumped load after load of semen into her. She slurped and swallowed down every last ounce, then removed my cock from her mouth and began licking it dry. Her tongue lashed away at every inch, making sure the moistness was taken care of. She did a very thorough (and excellent) job, too.

Though emotionally drained and somewhat exhausted from the intense height of sweet orgasm, I was not done with Amy. Nor was she done with me.

"We gotta get you out of these clothes," I breathed, reaching forward and unbuttoning the blue denim blouse that she still had on. After whisking it off of her, Amy wrapped both arms around my neck and shoulders, and joined me on the bed. She sat down upon my lap and embraced me lovingly, her warm breath now serenading my neck. She jammed her breasts over and across my chest, obviously enjoying the sensation.

"You don't mind me coming here tonight the way I did?" she whispered, her lips mere inches away from my ear. "I hope I'm not being too forward with you. I just need to get fucked tonight and unfortunately, you are the only man here. I need a cock in the worst way tonight."

"You can be as forward or aggressive with me as you like," I told her, my breathing tense and ragged. Amy had a bright smile on her face, her pretty eyes flashing, as I gazed at her. I cupped her chin with both of my hands, then massaged her lips with both thumbs before pressing my lips to hers for a fervid, exploratory kiss.

My whole body tensed up and I growled like a madman as Amy soon found my tongue with her own, and erotically stabbed away at it. I slipped an arm around her lower back, and caressed her supple waist with a hand. All the while, Amy reached for my deflated cock and began to pump and frig it.

Amy was going through her own progression of moans and sighs as she literally assaulted my mouth with her lips and tongue. The feel of her big, wondrous breasts against me as she pressed her chest hard into mine wave after wave of hot lust all throughout me. I was on cloud nine!

"Tell ME what you want, Jeremy," Amy said in a breathless tone. "Tell me what you want me to do. I want to obey you. I want to make you the happiest man alive ... tonight."

I held back a laugh and wryly countered, "Does this have anything to do with the money you were asking about earlier?"

"It has NOTHING to do with it," Amy responded, her tone and expression honest. "I just want to get fucked. These beautiful girls all around me, anticipating what the summer has in store. Plain and simple, I want to get fucked." Amy offered another beguiling smile as she leaned forward, her eyes never leaving mine. "I am here solely for your pleasure tonight, Jeremy. I want to be your sex slave. I want to make your every fantasy a reality ... tonight."

"How about this, dear?" I countered. "I want to make you happy. Why don't you use me for your pleasure tonight?" It probably was not all that often when someone actually refused a personal offer from Amy to use her as his or her plaything. In fact, I am quite certain that I was the first to do so. But, I am a very unique (and sometimes strange) individual.

Amy looked surprised at the rejection, but stepped forward and attached her lips to mine for yet another heated kiss. I responded immediately by wrapping both arms around her hot, curvaceous body, again pulling her closer and luxuriating in the feel of her firm, large breasts on my chest.

Our mouths still entwined as one - with our tongues dancing - Amy placed a hand upon my chest and gently pushed forward until I was laying on the bed. The kiss between us as she then leaned over and straddled my body intensified once Amy wrapped both arms around my shoulders and clutched them tightly. I could easily get used to this...

I moved my hands to both of Amy's bare breasts and began to eagerly maul them, groping and squeezing the big globes with reckless abandon. Amy tilted her head to the side above me, her tongue running wild and free within my mouth. My only response for that was to literally jam my own tongue down her throat, wanting to forever lose myself there.

"I enjoy a good, hard fuck," Amy purred, as I then moved my lips to her breasts and kissed each succulent nipple. Of course, her words had an immediate impact on me. I felt my cock getting erect again. "Fuck me hard, Jeremy."

I gulped my throat at those words before asking, "But you do enjoy a bit of foreplay before that too, right?"

"Oh yeah," she cooed, my tongue now flicking itself over and across a hardened nipple. "I like it a lot. I'm just not all that used to it ... you know. I prefer my sex HARD."

Burying my face in the lush, deepened valley between her breasts, I moaned out loud while trailing my tongue over and through Amy's scrumptious cleavage. "I like it hard, too, dear. Don't worry ... I'll take good care of you tonight."

Amy's body trembled with desire as I kissed my way from her cleavage to her midriff, and then her abdomen. I paused for a quick moment, tracing the tip of my tongue in circles around her navel before dabbing it inside.

"I like that..." she squealed, arching both her back and neck in response to my forward actions. I twirled her body around and then pinned her beneath me upon the mattress.

After pulling the corduroy miniskirt upward, and bunching it around her waist, my lips and tongue glided lower, only coming to a stop at the silken joining of her thighs. Amy's entire body tensed as I gently extended my tongue and swiped away at her swollen clitoris. I brushed the little nub with my tongue several times before asking in a gentle tone, "How many men and women have been this close to your pussy, dear? Tell me. How many have experienced it?"

"Oh God..." the red-head answered, lost in thought for a couple of seconds. "I think... 37 men, and 11 women. Yes. That is how many people I've had full-blown sex with."

I smiled, thinking to myself that Amy was definitely not a virgin. The bloom went off this rose long ago, but that was perfectly fine to me. "That's an awful lot of partners. You're only eight years younger than me."

"What can I say?" Amy countered. "I'm a slut. I once was gang-banged by 10 men ... all at the same time. I'm a slut! I took them all on, and I still wanted more!"

I moaned wildly at those words while nuzzling her clitoris with my lips and tugging it very gently before countering, "I think that you have a beautiful pussy, dear." I swiped away at the exposed area once again. "Enjoy your sex hard, huh?"

"I certainly do," she grinned, nodding her head.

"Let's make _you_ happy, then."

"I also thought, back when I was in high school, that it was my job to give all of the boys their first kiss." Amy giggled and added, "I gave a lot of them their first blowjob, too. God ... I've probably sucked off over a hundred guys."

"Is that something that you are proud of, dear?"

"Yes!"

Amy grunted with obvious anticipation as I forcefully mounted her in the missionary position. My cock fully hard and erect, I fisted it and prepared for entrance. I used my opposite arm to securely hook Amy's beautiful legs over my shoulders. Then, it was finally time to sink my throbbing shaft into the tight confines of the vixen's little pussy.

I did just so, burying the entire length of my cock into her. And _WOW_ ... did she feel wonderful! It felt as if I had stuck my full erection into a slippery vise, which was trying to squeeze the absolute life out of it.

"Oooooh yeah," Amy growled, already starting to display some heated emotion of her own. "That feels GOOD..."

Her words and noises of loud passion only intensified once I started to thrust myself in-and-out of her. Wasting no time whatsoever, I was hammering away at her voluptuous body as hard as I possibly could from the very onset. This was, needless to say, what Amy wanted me to do.

Amy continued to scream and wail out in approval as she then wrapped both arms around my shoulders. She held on tight as her lovely, enchanting face began to rock from side-to-side in a constant, repeated motion. It was very obvious that she enjoyed rough, physical sex like this.

I was grunting and growling like a wild animal, focusing all of my attention onto Amy and my ability to blast her pussy as hard as humanly possible. I think I was very successful in doing so, too. I knew my hips could not move any faster. Plus, watching the priceless expression on Amy's face as I drilled her pussy was something else.

The nymphomaniac's pussy felt so incredibly tight and luscious on my cock that I really never wanted to pull myself out of it. Would there be a way for me to dive right in there, and never come out? That was my only thought at this exact moment in time.

Amy's slender neck and back were now arched as she continued to cry out in her own desire and passion. The squealy, high-pitched sounds she made, combined with the incredible amount of sexual heat and friction on my cock, was enough to finally push me over the edge of release.

I blasted my way into her incredible pussy one final time before letting out a long-winded growl of ultimate desire. I could feel the thick sperm just pulsing outward from my cock, filling and flooding Amy's hot, thirsty pussy. She squirmed and writhed about beneath me, while continuing to voice and moan out her own, total arousal.

Just when my orgasm had reached its apex and began to simmer down, Amy experienced one of her own. She screamed and embraced me even tighter than before, and then her voluptuous body shook and rumbled about in joyous release.

"OH GOD!" Amy exclaimed, clutching me tightly.

When it was over, my cock was still embedded within the seductress' pussy as I settled down on top of her. I took a deep breath and offered Amy an appreciative kiss, before flashing her a smile. "You were marvelous, dear."

"Oh yes..." she sighed, obviously still caught up in the joyous aftermath of orgasm. "I loved it, Jeremy..."

When Amy slithered out from underneath me and rolled onto her side, I noticed that she had a far-away look in her eyes, with a drop of sperm running out of the corner of her mouth. I reached out and wiped the drop away, then she immediately licked the finger dry I had used to do so. Amy had made me feel so good that my body actually ached.

I smiled at her. "Were you able to unwind for a bit?"

"Oh yes," she replied in an emphatic tone, before getting up and reaching for her blouse. She slipped it on and then buttoned it up, covering her luscious, heaving breasts at the same time. Now suddenly deflated as it seemed she may leave me, my senses then perked up a bit as she leaned over and planted a warm, loving kiss upon my mouth.

"You're not spending the night?" I asked, crestfallen. However, that may not be such a bad thing. I really needed to get to sleep. This woman had totally worn me out.

"I'd love to stay and fuck the night away," Amy swooned. "But I told Pamela that we could stay up tonight, and talk. Pamela logged a good nine hours in the air today just like I did. I want to catch her before she falls asleep."

"Understood," I said, nodding my head. "Remember, though, there is a meeting tomorrow morning at ten o'clock. It is mandatory, so don't stay up too late."

Amy grinned and purred like a kitten. She made a motion to turn and walk away, but apparently changed her mind and glided right back into bed with me. The feisty bombshell settled down on top of me and found my mouth with her own for another incredible, searing kiss. I managed to cop a quick feel or two of her ass, but then she sprung upward and was standing before me. I had a sudden request for her...

"This was ... this was incredible," I began. "Amy, I ... I need ... I need something ... to remember this night. I want to remember it forever." My eyes then focused on that tiny, little brown corduroy miniskirt she had used to tease me so much earlier. "Your skirt. Please let me have it."

Amy had a quizzical expression upon her face. "My skirt? What are you going to do with it?"

"I just want to keep it," was my honest response. "I want it to help me remember this night, and that it happened. This was the most incredible night of my life - bar none. And you are one truly incredible woman."

Amy smiled, but still seemed a bit skeptical. "If I give you my skirt, what will I wear in going back to my room with Pamela? I'll be half-naked going through this big mansion."

"Is that a problem for you?" I laughed.

"You've got a point," she conceded, already slinking the miniskirt down her shapely hips and thighs. Once it hit the floor, the 30-year-old goddess stepped out of it and kicked it upward, catching it with her right hand.

Amy leaned over and handed me the skirt, pressing her lips to mine for one final kiss. She then flashed a brilliant smile and waved her hand at me. "See you in the morning."

"See you in the morning, too," I returned. "Take care, Amy ... sleep well, and tell Pamela that I said hello."

After Amy left my personal suite, I made certain that the door was securely closed and locked behind her, and went straight to the voyeur room. Once there, I turned on the monitor for the camera in my adjacent bedroom. I pressed Amy's miniskirt to my nose and sniffed it, happy that she had given me a souvenir, then loaded up footage from moments ago and salivated at the images I saw.

There I was with Amy - on the television monitor - as her head bobbed up-and-down over my cock. I fast-forwarded and then watched my hips, nearly a blur, as I forged my way into her pussy in a repeated, furious manner. Seconds later, I was filling and flooding her insides with my sperm.

Although all of the erotic footage was archived on my computer system, I burned a DVD copy of the whole encounter anyway. This way, I could watch it someplace other than the voyeur room. It sure would be something to be able to watch Amy's seduction of me on the theater screen in my suite...

The thought then occurred to me that I had witnessed several sides of Amy today. At various times she was nice and friendly (her discussion with Pamela in their suite earlier), while at others she was cold and abrasive (wanting to get Lindsay drunk, for example). She had plenty of wild, brash stories to tell, and obviously craved attention.

After showing up at my door, Amy went from being overly flirtatious, to downright submissive, then finished with an edge that bordered on aggression. What to make of her? Not only did she seem to have a lot of facets to her personality, but Amy could flip-flop between them with absolute ease at a moment's notice. I wanted to learn much more about her...

This was just the ladies' first night on the island. I had six whole weeks to look forward to! Six beautiful women, all of whom were bi-sexual (or at least had the interest), and me. How long would it be before Camille convinced Devon to fulfill that fantasy by inviting me into a three-some with them? Just the simple thought of submerging myself between two ladies with the looks and class of Devon and Camille sent my mind racing with lust.

Pamela was the very buxom and enchanting stripper from Baltimore. Would I one day get lucky, and be the recipient of a _lap dance_ from her? When would Trish make her first move on me? Would Amy blab and inform everyone about the passionate encounter that she and I just shared? I figured that everyone would know about by the morning.

And, of course, I could never forget sweet, innocent Lindsay. She came to the island as a virgin but that, of course, was probably about to change. Who would get the honor of popping Lindsay's virginal cherry? Trish seemed to have the inside track since they were room-mates, but I wanted to throw my hat into the mix, too. I would treat the little angel like a true princess if she were to afford me the opportunity to be the person who took her virginity. Much like Trish, I would consider it to be a great honor. It would be the greatest honor of my life to date, in fact.

All of these questions - and many more like them - would be answered in the coming days and weeks. More than anything else, however, I had to remind myself of why I had brought all of these enchanting women here in the first place. It was not for endless and mindless hours of sex, although, I must admit, that sounded quite appealing.

"To hopefully find the girl of my dreams, and then marry her," I said out loud, glancing at the monitor for Devon and Camille's guest suite. Both lovely ladies were sleeping in separate beds, so I doubt anything happened between them tonight. That was unfortunate, but predictable. Amy was having a discussion with Pamela in their suite, while in room three, Lindsay was already fast asleep as Trish lounged in bed and read a magazine about physical fitness and yoga. Hmmmmm ... I secretly wondered if Trish would meet up with _Mr. Happy_ again before the evening was through.

Deciding that it was time to finally catch some sleep of my own, I shook my head and smiled at all of the images before me. "These six weeks are going to be really fun."

Oh ... and did I mention that Amy was my new favorite?

Feedback is always appreciated!


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | Next

Chapter 2
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 2: Literacy
Posted: May 28, 2012 - 08:51:41 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

When I woke up in the morning, I realized that I had not slept this good in quite a long time. The sun was already high in the sky; I looked at the clock and it was precisely 9:15am. I told the collection of ladies last night that our first official meeting would be at 10:00am this morning, so there was an ample amount of time to prepare for it.

I showered and shaved, but did not rush. When I was done, I splashed on some cologne and slipped into a pair of shorts and a loose-fitting shirt. I also found a pair of sandals and exited my personal suite, ready for the 10:00am meeting.

In the dining room, I put on some coffee for the others and poured myself a glass of fresh, delicious orange juice. The girls were drifting in and helping themselves to the fruit and breads laid out on trays which Louisa, the elderly housekeeper, had pulled from the walk-in cooler. Pamela and Camille sipped coffee as the others filed into the room. They were all wearing light attire; such as summer dresses or denim cut-offs and tank-tops. It seemed quite informal.

Once everyone had settled down and found something to drink or snack on, I called for their undivided attention.

"Ladies..." I said, then all of them looked over at me. "Hmmmmm, thank you. Now ... did all of you sleep well?"

Heads nodded and lips smiled. I caught a glimpse of the incredible Amy; there was a dreamy look on her face as she nodded her head vigorously. After last evening, I figured, everything about Amy was quite vigorous. I still felt sore (and very satisfied) from our rip-roaring sexual encounter. The memories of last evening will remain with me forever.

"Great," I announced. "Now, please follow me through the door on the back wall. Inside, is the meeting room."

This would be the first time any of the women had been in this particular area. It was a 20x30 room with a small podium on one end. The side walls were mirrored and the other two walls were covered with soundproof padding. It seemed to be the perfect place to have a get-together.

We entered the room and I immediately went to the podium, where there was a stool for me to sit on. There were seven padded chairs arranged in a curved line, facing the podium. The girls milled around until I invited them to take a seat. Once they did, it was time for me to formally address them.

"It has been a very long trip here but I promise to do everything that I can to make it worth all your whiles. Before I begin, I want to point out to all of you that in addition to living on an island paradise, there is a huge library with books of all varieties, as well as hundreds of DVD discs of movies and other subjects of interest. The sound system is state-of-the-art and there are thousands of CD's and MP3's to listen to. The best place to listen to music, besides your own bedrooms, is the recreation room. Remember, it is downstairs and accessed via the elevator. I have video game systems and powerful computers with full web access located in the recreation room as well. There is also a fully-fledged OmniMAX movie theater located on the other side of the mansion. I have a few movies in the OmniMAX format and if any of you would like a list, all you have to do is ask. It's that simple."

"Do you have any PORN?"

"Amy!..." Pamela playfully chided her.

I laughed, thinking that Amy would fit real well in porn. With her checkered past as an unfaithful wife and an appetite for sexual fulfillment that was second to none, Amy would most likely go really far in the world of adult movies. She seemed quite capable of handling the fast and rigid lifestyle that went along with being an X-rated movie starlet as well.

On the other hand, though, I would never suggest and/or wish that type of career for her. In my opinion, at least, there are far better ways for women to make their money in life. Pornography was clearly at the bottom of my suggestion list. Still, it was an amusing thought nonetheless.

"My first priority is your comfort. It is really my only priority. If there are any problems, complaints or if you would like to see something added that isn't here ... please, by all means, speak up. You have access to everything here."

"Everything?" Trish giggled, looking at my crotch.

"Whatever is here, is for your use," I responded, not letting on that I meant that answer with the same double meaning that Trish had used in her question. Many of the girls giggled, though, easily picking up the hidden meaning. I wanted to come across as serious, yet approachable. Aside from yesterday, this meeting was going to be their first real impression of me. I wanted it to be a good one.

"Are there any more questions along those lines?" Nobody seemed to have one. "Great. Then we can get started." I settled into the stool and rested my feet on its low bars.

"All of you know that you were chosen to spend six weeks here from amongst thousands of applicants. The reason for the choices I made shall remain confidential. As you know, the next six weeks will be six weeks that we spend together. I want this to be the best six weeks of all your lives."

Camille raised her hand, and I acknowledged her with a friendly nod of the head. "I have a question," she said. "Do we always have to obey you? No matter what?"

"Life is about choices," I replied, "and all of you are free to make your own." I paused and then added, "I will not ask any of you to do something that makes you uncomfortable. I do have set rules which we will go over, but none of them should be a problem for any of you. My rules are clear-cut, basic stuff. Common sense stuff. As for OBEYING me, you'll never once have a problem with what I ask of you. Trust me."

"What happens if we do have a problem, though?"

"If you do, let me know," I told Camille. "If any of you have a problem with what I say to you, ask of you or do in your presence ... let me know. I will stop immediately. I do not want any of you to have any reservations or bad thoughts or ideas about me whatsoever. I want your trust. I want all of you to be totally comfortable until you leave. I realize that being here - thousands and thousands of miles away from where you live with no one else in sight - is probably very awkward for most, if not all, of you. I do not want it to be awkward. I want you to feel at ease. There is nothing be feel awkward or cautious about. And, each and every one of you are free leave at any time - for any reason. Just give me the word, and I'll have you home."

"Our comfort is his only priority," Devon smirked.

Camille nodded and surmised, "Sounds fair enough."

"Good," I returned. "Now, where were we? Ahhhhh, yes - we are here for the next six weeks. There will be meetings and required activities but most of the time, all of you will be free to explore the island as you please. Outdoor activity is encouraged, as staying in your bedrooms all day long will be frowned on. Sure ... some days, you may wish to stay inside. But doing so repeatedly will not be good."

"I didn't come here to stay cramped inside a room all summer," Lindsay (my yellow duckie girl (her cute pajamas from last night)) offered. Many of the others nodded in total agreement in response to Lindsay's words.

"Whenever a meeting is called, everyone must attend. Can all of you agree with that? If so, please raise your hand in acknowledgment." Affirmative. "Furthermore, you will find me to be a very easy-going sort of guy. I am quite lenient and for the most part, will let all of you do as you please. As I said, only a few meetings and daily activities will be required. And that's about it ... except, of course, the mansion, grounds and the island itself. Use them as you wish, but do not abuse them. That is really the only type of situation where I would have problems with any of you. This beautiful island is as much your home for the next month-and-a-half as it is mine. Treat it as such. By that, I mean take care of it. Clean, pick up after yourselsometimeves when necessary. Are there any questions?"

"Can you explain the money payouts?" Lindsay asked.

"Certainly. Anyone else wondering about that?" Several of the ladies nodded. "Very well. Let me go over things so there won't be any confusion. As you were informed in the mail, at the end of these six weeks, each of you except one will receive a check for $100,000 in U.S. funds. The one left out will get a check for half a million dollars."

Pamela raised her hand. "But how will that decision be made? I mean, if I wanted to work for the big money ... how would I go about it?" Everyone nodded at that question.

"That is confidential," I replied, much to their dismay. "None of you will know the criteria for it, which makes things interesting." I decided to add a little fuel to the fire. "Perhaps I don't even know the criteria yet, myself?"

All of the girls seemed very confused with that comment. That, of course, was excellent. My plan was in motion...

"How do we even work that OmniMAX theater if we want to watch a movie in there?" Trish asked, breaking the silence. "I LOVE watching movies. I'm a movie buff, actually. I have a whole wall of movies back home in Canada."

"Just come to me, dear, and tell me what movie you want to watch," I answered. "I'll set everything up for you. Come to me with any questions, concerns or requests. I am here to make sure that all of you have the absolute best time of your lives. Anything less on my part is unacceptable."

Devon took a sip of her pineapple drink and cooed, "This island is turning out to be much better than I ever possibly imagined it would be." Wow, I said inwardly. Devon was so incredibly gorgeous. A hot, ravishing blonde with a full D-cup; I thought a body like hers only existed in fantasy worlds. Devon had the prettiest, most innocent blue eyes. Her smile was one part naive, one part playful.

What made Devon even more appealing was the simple fact that she was one of the nicest, most friendly people I ever had the pleasure of coming across in my entire life. Devon was a total sweetheart. She was very easy-going and personable, and had a heart of pure, solid gold. From our short time together thus far, I already knew these things about her. Devon was, in fact, the type of woman whom I had been desperately searching all these lonely years for. Could this angel, perhaps sent from the high heavens, ultimately turn out to be my soul-mate and eventual bride in life? If so, then I would most definitely be a very happy man.

"I want to try all those arcade machines in the recreation room," Lindsay offered. "I just love playing video games."

"You do? Really?" Trish asked her young room-mate, her eyes glowing, as she looked Lindsay's way. "I love playing video games, too." Trish seemed to be absolutely glowing at the news. She and Lindsay had something unique in common. It was fairly obvious that even though they had known each other for less than 24 hours, Trish had a major attraction for Lindsay. Who could blame her for that?

"Let's go down later and check it out!" Lindsay chirped. "I will play video games with anyone!"

"Sounds like a plan!" Trish beamed.

"Are there any further questions?" I waited, but there was only silence. I stole another glance of dazzling Devon before saying, "Thank you, ladies. That will be all for now."

"What about that hike you promised us?" Pamela wondered. "You said you were going to take us on a tour of the island."

"Indeed, I did," was my response. "In a couple of hours, perhaps at two o'clock ... yes, two, I'll lead anyone who is interested on a hike to the most majestic waterfall on the island. It's a long, tiring hike, so wear some good boots. Trust me, though ... the long hike is well worth it."

"We're all interested in going," Trish nodded.

"I don't have any hiking boots," Camille fretted, pouting. "I forgot to bring them with me."

I smiled at her and commented, "It's okay, dear. There are plenty of extra boots and shoes - in all sizes - tucked away in the storage room. You'll find a pair in there. It is located behind the closed door in the recreation room."

"You really thought of everything, huh, Jeremy?" Devon grinned. "You even got us some extra boots and shoes. Wow."

"Of course I thought of everything," I told her. "I want everything on the island to be perfect for all of you. I really cannot stress that enough."

"We're off to an excellent start," Devon smirked, before stepping forward and planting another delicate kiss on my cheek. This lovely, curvaceous creature had done me the same honor last evening at the opening reception. This time, however, her friendly kiss was not that big of a surprise to me. Still, I enjoyed it greatly. What normal man would not enjoy a heartfelt kiss from a woman as enchanting as Devon?

I did throw a quick glance toward Amy, though. She was the first (and thus far, only) woman in the group who had gotten her clutches into me. Of course, that happened after the informal reception party last evening.

I was curious as to whether or not Amy would show even a hint of jealousy because Devon had planted that kiss on my face. Fortunately, she did not. Amy still had that far-out expression from earlier as she lovingly gazed my way. It was like she was in a different world, or something. I must have done something right last evening during our encounter. I still have quite vivid memories of her warm, amazing mouth wrapped around my cock, sucking and slurping away...

"If we're allowed to do pretty much what we want, this is going to be a GREAT summer!" Lindsay sparkled. The sweet and lithesome teen-ager took a cue from Devon and grazed the side of my face with a whispery kiss of her own. She then stepped back and offered me a tender, sweet smile. I believe that Lindsay was surprised at her very own action of kissing me. It was quite a bold move on her part, indeed.

Trish grinned and placed a reassuring arm around Lindsay's shoulder, then cooed something into her ear. Lindsay nodded and smiled sheepishly in response, while looking at me. Her face also turned red in the process. Lindsay was a doll!

Her kiss was obviously nice and well appreciated, but the thought crossed my mind that Lindsay's soft, succulent lips looked absolutely perfect for oral sex. They seemed ripe, and ready. Very ready. I realized that it was terrible of me to think that way considering her virginal innocence, but I simply could not help myself. I wanted to slip my cock into that tiny mouth of Lindsay's and have her suck me off from now until the end of eternity. Yes ... I was awful!

"Where's my kiss?" Pamela asked, her tone insistent, as she gazed my way with a playful expression.

I was about to invite Pamela to come and get one from me, but Amy stepped in front of her and said, "Here it is."

Along with the other ladies, I watched with interested eyes as Amy pressed her lips to Pamela's mouth for a deep, probing kiss. Amy held onto the back of Pamela's head as their velvety tongues then began to swipe away at each other between their pressed mouths. Pamela let out a gentle sigh and seemed to sag against Amy for a moment as the aggressive red-head placed a hand on her shapely ass and squeezed it rather harshly. Pamela really seemed to enjoy that.

I should also point out that Lindsay's reaction to this public display of affection was most amusing. She simply stood there and watched with wide eyes as the lusty duo of Pamela and Amy literally assaulted each others' mouths with their lips and tongues. Obviously, this was the first time that Lindsay had ever witnessed two beautiful women kiss one another before her very eyes. She certainly seemed to enjoy it, however - as did everyone else (myself included).

Once the erotic kiss was broken, Amy took a step back from Pamela and then smiled at Lindsay and her bewildered, shell-shocked expression. Amy shook her head and let out a playful sigh, then swooned, "Lindsay, have you ever seen anything quite like that in Bible class?"

The little minx turned beet-red with embarrassment due to those words and shook her head in a diffident manner. "No ... cannot say that I have. My church ... it would frown ... it would frown on the idea of two women kissing ... like that."

"Spoil sports!" Camille huffed.

Pamela nodded her head. "Churches are against the idea of same-sex relationships. Many of them even have programs to rehabilitate people who are either homo-sexual or bi-sexual." Pamela smirked and added, "When I was 20, I had a friend who was heavily involved in the church. He tried his best to get me to stop stripping. But I never listened to him. I was already living on my own, and the money was too good."

"Have you ever thought about being a stripper?" Amy asked Lindsay in a teasing voice, obviously wanting to get another reaction or two out of her. Her face still flushed red, Lindsay shook her head several times in succession.

"I bet that you would make a really good stripper," Amy continued, still pestering her. "I'd pay really good money for you to grind that little ass of yours all over my lap."

Now, Lindsay was squirming and fidgeting about in what was obviously a very uncomfortable state. Amy had gone too far.

"Amy..." Trish murmured, wanting her to stop the teasing.

But Amy was not finished. "I would pay even MORE money if you opened your legs and let me taste that sweet pussy. I'd happily spend all of my money on a girl like..."

"AMY!" Trish snapped at her, suddenly angry. "STOP IT!"

Needless to say, the young and fertile-minded blonde was incredibly embarrassed and flustered now. No one had ever spoken to Lindsay in such a manner before. That was obvious. The poor girl looked ashamed as she cast her eyes downward. Her body was trembling, too! Obviously, Amy had accomplished her goal. She wanted this type of reaction from Lindsay. This was the side of Amy that I did not care for one bit.

"Put a sock in it, Amy!" Devon snapped, also quite miffed. Devon tried to reach out and place a reassuring hand on Lindsay's shoulder, but Trish pulled her away at the last possible instant and held her with both arms. At the same time, Trish shot Amy quite the evil, displeased look.

"You have quite a mouth on you, Amy!"

Lindsay found comfort in Trish's warm and caring embrace. She buried her lovely face on Trish's shoulder and seemed to use the Canadian's entire presence as a shield to ward off the sneery barbs and chuckles from Amy.

It appeared as if Amy was finally going to keep quiet for the time being. But just in case, I decided to throw my own two cents into the mix by saying, "That's enough teasing for now. Let's go back out to the dining room and finish our breakfast before the food starts getting cold."

Trish quickly ushered Lindsay out of the meeting room, with the trio of Devon, Pamela and Camille following them in tow. Amy would have been the last to leave, but I latched onto her wrist and tugged gently just as she turned to walk away. The 30-year-old looked back over her shoulder at me with an inquisitive expression as I grinned at her.

"I just wanted to say that I really enjoyed what happened between you and me last evening," I informed Amy. "Believe it or not, but it was one of the most incredible experiences of my life." I smiled again and added, "You were wonderful."

Amy's face suddenly lit-up as she turned fully toward me. "Really? Do you mean that? I was ... wonderful?"

I nodded my head. "Of course I mean it." After a brief hesitation, I extended both arms and offered Amy a loving embrace. She felt magnificent all nice and snug within my arms. The warmth of her body was quite therapeutic to my soul. When our hug was over, I was shocked to find Amy was the one blushing now. Although it was slight and did not last all that long, Amy certainly blushed. I saw it.

"Is everything okay?"

Amy glanced downward for a moment, then flashed me a warm and genuine smile. "Everything is fine, Jeremy. Just fine. In fact ... things have never been more fine."

I put my hand out to her. "Let's go have breakfast."

The shapely red-head accepted my hand and agreed, "Let's."

As we walked out of the meeting room, Amy leaned upward and pecked the side of my face with a kiss. I could not believe the sudden change in her personality. She went from relentlessly teasing and prodding Lindsay with her words, drawing the ire of Trish in the process, to being humble and appreciative for the simple act of receiving a hug from me. Then, I recalled that the profiler program on the computer stated that Amy may have Cyclothymic Personality Disorder.

Similar to Bipolar Disorder, but not quite as severe or as potentially dangerous, Cyclothymic Personality Disorder is a chronic mood disturbance where a person can fluctuate from feeling energized and full of life to experiencing bouts of depression moments later. Worst of all, nothing specific has to occur for the sudden shift in mood to take place. It can also be applied to feeling happy and talkative, or overly gracious, to acting highly irritable with reckless words and thoughts a short time later. While in this state of mind, the person has very little or no regard toward the feelings of others. He or she might say hurtful things to friends or even loved ones, and then not realize the ramifications of those words and verbal jabs until hours or even days later.

Although I had known Amy for less than 24 hours, I got the sense that she could very well suffer from Cyclothymia - or perhaps a different, but similar, mental health disorder. In my mind, at least, Amy seemed to have several of the symptoms associated with this illness. There is help available, but only for those who step forward and actually want the help. A powerful medication, Lithium, is used to help stabilize a person's mood and everyday feelings.

It seemed to me that it would benefit Amy - and those in her daily life (such as the other ladies and yours truly) - if she were to seek counseling and be placed on a medication program. Having known her for less than an entire day, I thought it would be out of line for me to suggest that Amy seek professional help at this point in time. As I got to know her more, though, and if we became closer as friends and perhaps even lovers, I could make the suggestion to Amy in the future. I only had her best interests in mind. Something about Amy was ... not right.

If it seemed that I had a vested interest in this, I did. I had a mental disorder of my own - Dysthymia. Classified as an illness which includes constant feelings of mild to moderate depression, Dysthymia all but crippled me from the ages of 19 to 34 because I refused to seek treatment for it. It was not until I met a woman by the name of Kristanna - who would eventually become my best friend - that I went to see a psychotherapist over in Peru who placed me on a daily dose of the antidepressant drug Effexor. For the past four years, I had been taking 225mg of Effexor (three tablets) daily.

Although the medicine did not eliminate the daily symptoms of Dysthymia completely, I can attest that I am a million times better off today for taking it than I was four years ago before Kristanna convinced me to seek professional help. I had the feeling (hope?) that a similar story could be told for Amy if she were to take that first step toward wellness and a visit a doctor. I would gladly pay any medical fees...

Most everyone was anxious to walk down to the beach and take a dip in the ocean after our meal was completed, so I decided to let them do their thing while sneaking back up to my private suite. Due to the kiss she earlier placed on my cheek - and the light-up-the-darkest-room type of smile that went along with it - Lindsay was in a running derby with the likes of Devon and Pamela as I contemplated which of the ladies was my early favorite. It was much too close to call.

At this stage, could I go wrong with any of them? Lindsay had the innocent look going for her, which I found to be extremely tempting. She had earlier come to breakfast with her immaculate, long-flowing blonde hair tied into a bushy pony-tail. Lindsay looked to be no older than 14 or 15, though her actual age was 18. That was extremely tempting for me. So was her very nubile, lithe and slender figure.

Pamela, on the other hand, had the top-heavy look of a seasoned stripper, which was quite fitting, because that was how the 30-year-old had made her living for the past decade. She had a spectacular body, but also seemed extremely down-to-earth and likable. In fact, Pamela came across as somewhat quiet and reserved. Perhaps as she and I got to know one another better, Pamela would open up to me as well. I found myself very interested in her as a person.

Everything about Devon thus far seemed to indicate that she was a goddess in every sense of the word. It was also clear that the 27-year-old from Pennsylvania was candid and honest with her feelings. I still got butterflies in my stomach as I thought back to last evening, when the lovely, voluptuous blonde planted that tender kiss on my cheek out of nowhere. It really surprised me, and caught me off-guard. Needless to say, I was quickly developing a very deep and powerful appreciation for Devon as well.

Obviously, there was no way that I could go wrong if I chose my favorite from these three women. Lindsay was so fresh and wholesome, while Pamela was the mature and reserved woman of the group. Devon was obviously very straightforward and open with her feelings and thoughts, which was a quality that I greatly appreciated. I loved honesty.

Of course, I was not about to sell Trish or Camille short, either. Trish was a certified fitness instructor whose physical attributes rivaled those of Pamela's. My problem thus far with Trish was that the interaction between us had been very brief and limited. Still, Trish was very friendly and elegant. It seemed every time I had looked her way thus far, she was smiling brightly. Perhaps that was because Lindsay was always with her? If only one thing was certain on the island thus far, it was that Trish had a definite attraction for Lindsay. Again, who could blame her? But in the process, Trish seemed to be oblivious to everyone else on the island - including me. I wanted to change that. Trish was clearly the type of woman who would be worth investing a lot of time and effort into pursuing a relationship with. That feeling, though, had to be mutual.

According to the discussion she had with Devon last night, Camille did not fully trust me - or my intentions - yet. I certainly understood her concerns, though she seemed to be the only one who had doubts as to whether or not my motives for the upcoming six weeks were good and genuine. I would have to earn her trust over the following days and weeks. The best way for me to do that would to simply be myself.

Of course, I was not about to dismiss Amy from my list of potential favorites. A self-proclaimed slut, Amy was easily the most forward and aggressive of the group when it came to anything sexual. I could still visualize the sight of Amy from last evening, when she appeared at the door of my suite wearing that little blouse and miniskirt, with a smile on her charming face. She had an incredible body. Or how about earlier yesterday, wearing the Filthy WHORE, Sin For Sale top? I will never forget the image of Amy in that thing.

Amy was quite opinionated, which should be fairly obvious by now, and not afraid to speak her mind. Amy did overstep the boundaries with what she had just said to Lindsay. There was no doubt about that. But did Amy know any better? I got the sense that Amy had been saying things like that to people throughout her entire life. It seemed to me that Amy enjoyed shocking others and getting reactions out of them.

Still, I liked Amy. There was a good and genuine person lurking underneath all of that aggression ... somewhere. Would medication help bring that person to the forefront, so I could meet her? Or would a healthy dose of tender loving care do the trick? Either way, I was hell-bent in looking past whatever problems Amy had. I wanted to get to know her as a person. We seemed to have a lot in common.

I could easily picture myself falling endlessly in love with any of these six women. All of them had qualities and characteristics that were very near and dear to my heart. What I had to figure out over the next six weeks was which of them appealed to me the most. That was going to be tough.

As I briefly mentioned in the prior chapter, my ultimate reason for bringing these women to the island with me was so I could, hopefully, find someone to eventually settle down with, and marry. I will expound upon that in the future.

While sipping a glass of fruit punch inside my personal suite, I suddenly came to the conclusion that at least for now, Pamela had reclaimed her spot as my favorite lady. I went to sleep last evening thinking that it was Amy, but had now done an about-face and went back to my original favorite.

I could not get the image of Pamela's charming face and magnificent body out of my mind. The thoughts were haunting me and causing my cock to stir within my shorts once again. I took a big swig of fruit punch, hoping it would settle and heal my rattled nerves. Unfortunately, it failed.

I inhaled a deep breath and then decided to venture back into the nearby voyeur room. All of the monitors which surveyed the guest suites were blank, indicating that none of the ladies were in them since the system was triggered with the use of motion detectors. That was excellent. I wanted everyone to stay active and not dwell in their rooms.

The monitor showing the west beach was registering activity, as well as the exercise room and library.

For now, I decided to focus on the beach. I zoomed in with my hidden camera and noticed that the trio of Devon, Amy and Camille were all running along the shoreline, splashing each other with water and having an overall good time in their teensy-weensy bikinis. I quietly wondered to myself if the bikinis would eventually come off, and these three ladies would go au natural. That was a pipe dream on my part, I figured, however.

It was a bit surprising to me that Trish and Lindsay - both of whom I thought would definitely be at the beach - were now in the exercise room. Trish was putting her body through a good workout on a nautilus machine while Lindsay sat on a nearby bench, watching her and idly chatting away.

Trish was quite the fitness freak, I guess, so perhaps she and Lindsay stumbled across the gigantic exercise room and the Canadian could not stop herself from trying it out. There were so many machines and free weights that it could easily pass for a five-star fitness center.

Lindsay was so small and frail that I had a difficult time trying to imagine her lifting any sort of weights. If anything, perhaps Trish could bench-press Lindsay herself! That sure would be a definite sight to see...

On the monitor which displayed the expansive library, Pamela was seated at a table, wearing neat, wire-trimmed glasses and looking as desirable as ever. She seemed very interested in her book, although I could not tell exactly what it was. The question then crossed my mind as to why Pamela was all by her lonesome in the library. Hmmmmm...

All of the other ladies were keeping one another company elsewhere on the island, so I decided that I would try my hand at offering Pamela some as well. Not only was she my current favorite, but Pamela was all by herself. It stood to reason that if I sought anyone out at this point in time, it would have to be Pamela. Right? Thus, after sealing the secret entrance to the voyeur room, I left my personal suite and quickly wandered off toward the library.

When I got there, I was vividly reminded of Pamela's immense beauty once again. Never before did I think that a woman could look this luscious while wearing glasses. In a strange twist - at least for me - I actually thought that Pamela looked better with her glasses on instead of off. They gave her even more of a classy, worldly appearance.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 2: Literacy
Posted: May 28, 2012 - 08:51:41 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

Of all the women here - for whatever reason - the one that I seemed to respect the most thus far was Pamela. I believe it was due to the fact that I got the overwhelming sense that she was so much better - in so many different ways - than your prototypical, garden variety stripper.

Unfortunately, the 30-year-old was far too interested in her book. She did, however, look up long enough to offer me a friendly nod and a smile, but then went right back to reading. In a way, I felt deflated. Pamela was far more interested in her book than she was in talking with me...

I took a painful sigh and moved on from the library. I should not feel too bad, I convinced myself. Perhaps Pamela was one of those people who enjoyed throwing her absolute heart and soul into a book, and did not want to be disturbed. Hopefully, I would be the object of her undivided attention sometime soon. I would like that very much...

Adjacent from the spacious living room was the sliding glass door, which led outside. I decided to take that route while getting rid of my shirt. Then, I dove head-first into the pristine, infinity-edged pool and began swimming several laps back-and-forth. Not only was this good exercise for me, I told myself, but it was also a tremendous amount of fun. Swimming was one thing that I definitely enjoyed.

The outdoor pool was one of my favorite spots to simply kick back and relax on the whole island. Believe it or not, but the pool had no walls. It featured a gently sloping entrance on all four sides which mimicked a beach in both looks and feel. From a distance, this design element gave the illusion of water flowing off the edge of the pool (in reality, the water went through a series of drains where it was re-circulated). The vanishing edge effect of the pool was quite dramatic here on the island, since it overlooked beautiful, sweeping views of the Pacific Ocean. When looking at the pool from the right angle, it appeared as if the water emptied out into the ocean in the distance.

The pool also featured several fountains which created a sound shield and helped keep the water clean. Intermittently squirting fountains near the north entry of the pool were a definite joy to watch. Fountains coming from antique Greek urns made an elegant, timeless statement. Laminar flow fountains shot a stream of water through the air about the size of a person's finger. The water held together and created a moving, liquid tube which carried the glow of fiber optic lighting. Lastly, two foaming fountains mixed water and air for a frothy, mushroom-type effect.

As you can most likely tell, I had invested a lot of time, money and effort into creating what was - at least for me - the perfect pool. It had been three years in the making. I really do not see how the pool could be any better than this.

After coming up for a much-needed breath here in the huge mass of water, I noticed Pamela standing just outside the sliding glass door. I was delighted! Did she want to strike up a conversation? Now the one watching me, Pamela clasped both hands together at her waist and leaned against the door. She was dressed in a pair of denim cut-offs and a silky blouse. Her glasses, however, were a thing of the past.

"Hi there," I greeted her, wanting to sound as friendly as possible. "Had enough of your book?"

"For now," she responded, her brown eyes studying me. "I thought I would look in and see if you were skinny-dipping. I see you're not." Pamela grinned at her own words.

"Were you hoping?" I teased her.

She laughed. "Is that why you wore swimming trunks?"

"No. I have my reasons."

"Like getting us naked?"

I grinned sheepishly. "Something like that."

"Or maybe having sex with all of us?"

My eyebrows raised at those words. "Sounds good to me."

Pamela giggled. "This will be an interesting summer."

"Actually, it's the winter," I advised her. "We're near the equator, remember? It is winter-time right now in this part of the world. Yet, it's still swimming weather."

"That's good to know," the blonde smirked. "It wouldn't be as fun right now if we went around dressed like Eskimos. Winter in late May ... what a concept."

I swallowed hard as Pamela shifted her weight from one foot to the other. It was a subtle move on her part, but also powerfully erotic to my adoring eyes. I wondered if she did that on purpose to get a reaction from me? "You have a good point. Hey there, dear ... want to go for a swim? I must say that the water feels absolutely perfect."

Pamela grinned, but shook her head. "No, not right now. Maybe in a little while, but not now."

I held back an evil chuckle before telling her, "I'll go skinny-dipping with you if you want me to. Of course, you will have to go skinny-dipping too, you know."

She laughed. "I think it's time I go back to my book."

"What are you reading?" I tried to keep the conversation going, but Pamela quickly turned and went right back into the mansion. She looked over her shoulder and first gave me a smile, then a wave, before disappearing around the corner.

The mere sight of Pamela's lush ass in those tight denim shorts; I hated to see her leave, but LOVED to watch her go!

The conversation with Pamela only added to my sexual tension. I tried to dampen those feelings with a few more laps around the pool, but it was futile. I felt as if I needed to have sex once again. It would be the only way I could get rid of this tension and desire within my body. Where was Amy? She would never play hard-to-get with me. Amy would jump my bones, so to speak, in a heartbeat. Of course, she would probably do the same for a lot of people. Still, Amy seemed to be my only possible outlet right now.

I got out of the pool and dried off, then decided to go back to my suite. I went directly into the voyeur room and just like before, found the same television monitors active. Trish and Lindsay were still in the exercise room, while Pamela was perched at the table in the library, reading.

As I eyed the screen which displayed the picturesque west beach, I could tell that the tide was not as high today as it usually was. Still, the tranquil sound of the incoming waves as they rolled onto the beach was always relaxing. There was not a single cloud in the sky; it was blue for as far as the eye could see. The air there was always soft and pure, and had that tropical smell which was so intoxicating.

The island really had a lot to offer. In addition to the sprawling beaches and various waterfalls, there was the sheer beauty of the forest, the grandeur of a dormant volcano and the breathtaking views atop high-steeped peaks and cliffs.

But few things could compare to the beaches, which were a wonderful place to heal jaggled nerves. I could sit there for hours on end and simply meditate, and feel much better because of it. If I were to stay there all day long, I would later witness the sun sinking into the Pacific Ocean amidst a blaze of glorious tropical colors. That was, without a doubt, the most stunning sight of all on the entire island.

For as beautiful as the beach was, however, it did not even come close to comparing with the trio of Devon, Amy and Camille as they all lay together upon the sun-kissed sand. Much to my delight, all three of the ladies seemed to be deep in conversation. Intrigued, I quickly flipped the hidden microphone on so I could eavesdrop...

"We're all horny, thinking about the summer," Amy mused. I would have to inform her that it was the winter-time, too. Winter in May was a foreign concept to these ladies since they all resided in North America.

"I definitely agree with that," Camille nodded. "We're going to spend so much time with one another over the next six weeks. I really cannot believe it." The 25-year-old tenderly caressed one of her own big breasts and said, "Maybe we're all going to turn into a mob of pussy-hungry lesbians! That wouldn't be such a bad thing..."

Devon laughed and countered, "I may have an interest in women, but I'm surely no lesbian. I love cock too much."

"Have you learned anything more about Jeremy, Devon?" the Mexican wondered. "I know he is a pet project for you."

"I haven't had the chance to speak to him one-on-one yet," she answered. "I hope to soon, though."

"He's going to be the only man we see until we leave the island," Camille murmured. "There is no possible way that he can satisfy all of us. No possible way. I guess in the end, that is maybe what we will have each other for."

"He better," Amy remarked in a stern tone, which made my body shiver with absolute lust. "You don't advertise and insinuate a sex resort without enough cock to go around. If he is the only man we see, he better be prepared to deliver."

"What happens if he is not interested in us?" Camille said to her two friends. "Maybe all he wants to do is watch us have sex with each other. Some guys are like that."

"I guarantee you that he is interested," Devon responded. "I saw the way he looked at us. If anyone wants to fuck him, all they have to do is go up to him and tell him so. It is really that simple. I guarantee it."

Camille shrugged her shoulders, which caused her large breasts to bounce about in an enticing manner. "What about if seducing him is against the rules? I don't want to ruin my chances at the big money pay-out at the end. I don't know about you two, but I could really use a half-million bucks."

"You can always ask, but I don't think seducing him is against the rules," Devon offered, before turning toward Amy. "What about you? Have you gotten anything out of him, Amy?"

The 30-year-old sat up and grinned, "Yes, I did."

Devon raised up as well, and looked at Amy with an eager expression. "What? Tell us."

Amy smiled and replied, "He's one hell of a fuck. That's what I found out - just last night."

"WHAT?" Camille asked, in disbelief. "You said you got something out of him. What was it?"

"One great orgasm. That's what. I'm still all mellow from it." Amy sighed and flipped her silky, flame-red hair away with a single hand, then let out a content sigh.

Devon looked at her for a moment. "You're not kidding, are you? You're quieter today. Tell us about it."

"While Pamela was relaxing in the jacuzzi last night, I decided to put on a denim blouse and my favorite miniskirt, and sneak out of our room and go to Jeremy's suite. I had on a pair of come-fuck-me pumps, too. He met me at the door after I knocked on it." Amy paused for a moment, then smiled from ear to ear. "I could tell that he was devouring me with his eyes. I teased him a little by bending over and pretending to look at things in the bedroom, all the while flashing him my ass. I started sucking him off. His hands were ALL OVER me. We wound up on the bed and he fucked me there." My spine tingled with heated sensations as Amy added, "Oh God ... Jeremy made me feel SO GOOD."

"When I went back to our guest room, I could barely walk," Amy continued. "Pamela asked what was wrong, but I told her that nothing was wrong. I told her everything that happened with Jeremy." My eyes went wide as Amy concluded, "Pamela sucked his cum right out of my pussy. She loved it!"

WHOA! ... My heart began racing with those nasty words. Pamela sucked my sperm right out of Amy's pussy? Intense...

I could envision the scene now. Amy sprawled out across the bed - her thighs spread wide - with Pamela on her elbows and knees, her tongue buried deep in the seductress' little pussy. Oh my ... Pamela extracting a big glob of sperm from Amy's folds, and then swallowing it down her hungry throat. What a perverse, but very exciting thought!

"Damnit there, girl! What are you trying to do?" Camille griped. "Trying to fuck that half-million out of Jeremy?"

Amy looked hurt. "No ... I was just horny for some cock and when I saw that big hard-on in his shorts yesterday, I couldn't resist giving it a try. I needed it so bad!"

Devon made a face. "HEY! What about the rest of us?"

Camille snapped and complained, "Six whole weeks on an island with just one cock and Amy has already claimed it."

"No way!" Devon said. "Amy can't claim it for herself!"

Camille giggled and countered, "You see, Amy ... Jeremy is a pet project for Devon. She really likes him."

"I think all of us like Jeremy," Amy breathed. "He's very nice and sweet. What is there not to like about him?" I smiled as she added, "I wasn't trying to claim him for myself. And it had nothing to do with the money. All I wanted to do was get fucked. I was so horny last night, thinking about what these next six weeks will be like. I was thinking about all of you girls, too."

"How was he?" Devon squealed, with an inquisitive look.

"Wonderful!" Amy gushed. "I haven't had an orgasm like that from a single man in quite sometime."

"A single man?" Camille asked, somewhat confused. "What do you mean? You prefer married men, or something?"

Amy laughed. "No, not exactly. A single man as in ONE man. Back home in Ohio, I'm used to being gang-banged. I have a group of five boyfriends who I see every weekend. They come over to my apartment and basically stuff me full. Sometimes, it can be more than five."

Camille's dark eyes were wide. "Stuff ... you full?"

Amy grinned. "Yes. All at once. Five-on-one sex."

"Hmmmmm," Devon purred. "Sounds VERY intriguing!"

"I've never been with more than one guy," Camille openly admitted. "But where I live, in California, I get together with some friends I had when I was still in college quite a bit. It's me and ten different girls." She grinned and added, "We all get together and fuck each other silly, in big daisy-chains orgies. Talk about fun!"

"Sounds like it..." Devon murmured.

"My favorite part is when we put on blindfolds," Camille continued. "Most of the time, I have no idea whose pussy I am eating, or who is eating my pussy. All I can do is search for the closest pussy, and start licking away."

"That sounds incredibly hot," Amy commented, massaging one of her big breasts with an open palm. She turned toward Devon and said, "What about you, honey? Anything wild?"

"Not really," the luscious blonde replied. "I had a boyfriend for eight years and running, but we broke up a few months ago. I was totally faithful and monogamous to him."

"Oh, you poor thing," Amy squealed, patting Devon on the shoulder. "I'm sorry to hear that you broke up with him. Of course, his loss is our gain because if you were still dating him, you would not be here on the island right now."

"His name was Barrett," Devon pouted. "But don't feel sorry for me because the guy was a total jerk. I should have gotten rid of him a long, long time ago. If you want to hear a wild experience about me, I have to go all the way back to high school to tell a story. It's been that long."

"I love stories," Camille grinned. "Tell us a naughty story about something you did in high school, Devon."

The young woman paused before saying, "Hmmmmm ... okay. I had a boyfriend in high school. Let me say that his name was Tim, and he was the quarterback of the football team. I was the captain of the cheerleading squad."

"That doesn't surprise me," Amy snickered. "Blondie..."

Devon smiled and continued, "Well, during one game, Tim was tackled real hard by a defensive lineman or linebacker - I'm not really sure which. But he was roughed up pretty bad, and taken out of the game. I took a little break to go over and see how Tim was doing. He was in a lot of pain and needed some ... help. The type of help that only I could give him. So we snuck off and went under the bleachers."

"I started sucking him off, which made his pain go away just a little bit. One thing led to another, and then we did a full-on doggie." Devon paused and grinned, "It was the most OUTRAGEOUS thing to watch a football game going on right in front of me, while being FUCKED from behind..."

"Underneath the bleachers?" Camille gushed. "With all those fans and spectators above you? You weren't spotted?"

"Fortunately, no," Devon swooned. "But it was intense. It was the most crazy thing I have ever done in my LIFE. I still have no idea how I could have went through with it. I know that I could never do something like that again."

"I bet he fucked you in your cheerleading uniform, too," Amy speculated. "Guys love cheerleaders. I had an older boyfriend once when I was in high school. Actually, a lot older. He LOVED fucking me in my cheerleader uniform."

"Yes," Devon nodded. "Tim wouldn't let me take it off! But once these six weeks are up here on the island, I am certain that I will go home with plenty of wild stories."

Amy giggled. "I think all of us will go home with wild stories. Even Lindsay, a Bible-thumping virgin, is going to leave this place in six weeks with a boatload of experience and adventures. I'll PERSONALLY see to it." Amy licked her lips and added in a devious tone, "It has been my life-long fantasy to corrupt an innocent virgin. Just totally corrupt her beyond any and all reason ... break her will completely."

"Lindsay is a virgin?" Devon countered, very surprised. "How do you know that? Did she tell you?"

"I overheard Lindsay talking with Trish and Jeremy last night at the reception party," Amy answered. "Lindsay was fearful that all of us would find out about her secret of being a virgin." Amy rolled her eyes. "GOOD GOD, Lindsay was whining so much. I wanted to take a dildo and shove it in her mouth and down her throat. It would've shut her up. She was whining like a spoiled, little baby."

Suddenly, Devon appeared to be very uneasy. With what she had just been told, one could definitely understand why. "Whoa! Take it easy there, Amy. If Lindsay is indeed a virgin, we don't need to talk about taking dildos and stuffing them clear down her throat. That's not right."

Camille offered a wicked smile. "I kind of like the idea myself." Amy nodded at her as she continued, "I also heard bits and pieces of what Lindsay said to Trish and Jeremy. I totally agree with Amy. Lindsay was whining. But instead of shutting her up with a dildo, I would have preferred to jam my pussy in her face. I would make that girl lick my pussy until her tongue fell off."

"Like you did to Devon early this morning?"

"Exactly!"

Huh?

Did Devon and Camille have sex with each other earlier? Judging by this discussion, it certainly seemed that way. Last evening, Devon was pretty upset at some of the very straightforward and outlandish things that Camille was saying to her. The idea of them having sex together after Devon stormed out of their guest suite did not seem to add up. However, apparently that was what had transpired.

Devon no longer had to be classified as curious when it came to other women. She was truly bi-sexual now. The next to join that list, hopefully, would be Lindsay.

Although I had missed what happened between Devon and Camille sometime early this morning, I was thankful for the fact that I could go back and re-live it with the voyeur room. I would definitely being queuing up footage a bit later on...

Devon laughed at her friends, then shook her head in denial. "You two girls are terrible. Just terrible. Lindsay is such a sweet, little thing. Remember, all of us were strangers to each other until just yesterday. Lay off of Lindsay for a while. Let her go at her own pace. She is so young and innocent, and very, very shy."

Camille shook her head. "I don't consider any of us to be strangers. All of us may have just met yesterday, but we will be together for six long weeks. With the way that Jeremy has set things up - everyone gets a room-mate, we do daily activities together - there is no time to think of anyone as a stranger. I think all of us are just alike."

"The girls, you mean?"

"Yes," Camille told Amy. "We may be from different walks of life, but we are all in the same boat. My only hope is that Jeremy does not have something sneaky up his sleeve for us." I frowned at those words as Camille kept talking, "He is paying us a lot of money to stay with him. What is it? $500,000 for one, $100,000 for the other five? That's a million bucks. It just seems like he would want a lot more out of us than to just stay here and look pretty for him all summer long. That is what I think, at least."

"What more do you think he would want?" Devon asked.

Camille shrugged her shoulders and answered, "I don't know. Bondage, maybe? Something sick and twisted?"

Amy made a face. "There is no way that Jeremy is into bondage. God, Camille ... lighten up. I had one of the greatest sexual experiences of my life with him last night. This morning, Jeremy gave me a big hug and said how much he enjoyed what happened last night. He was smiling. He was GLOWING. Would a bondage Master or a twisted freak do something like that? Would one act that way? I truly think we are in for more of the same with Jeremy for the rest of the summer. He is the nicest guy that I have ever met."

"Wouldn't you like Jeremy to be into bondage?" Camille asked Amy. "I thought you said you were into that stuff."

"I am," the red-head nodded in response. "But trust me when I tell you that Jeremy is NOT into bondage. I know a dominant man when I see one. Jeremy is not dominant. He is too passive, too easy-going, too sweet. Trust me. I think this island is going to an absolute paradise for all of us. In fact, I would bet my bottom dollar that Jeremy does not even have the slightest clue as to what bondage is."

"I'm not an idiot," were my words, as I looked at Amy on the television monitor with narrow eyes. In fact, I thought inwardly on my own behalf, I have watched a couple of bondage movies over the years. So take that, Amy!

Camille shrugged her shoulders once again. "Maybe ... I don't know. I guess maybe I should lighten up, but I will still have my reservations about this place until I learn more about Jeremy. A LOT more, in fact. It just seems very strange and suspicious he is paying us all of this money. He wants something out of us. I know it."

"It would be another fantasy of mine if Jeremy WAS into bondage, though," Amy grinned, licking her lips for emphasis. "He could gag me, tie me up, degrade me ... and turn me into his personal fuck-slut any old time he wanted! He could keep me on a leash and I'd follow him around like a puppy all day! I'd kneel and beg ... I would even try humping his leg!"

Suddenly, I flipped the audio switch off and took a deep, ragged breath. I simply could not believe what Amy had just suggested! Even though I had very limited interest in the bondage lifestyle, Amy's nasty words and the naughty images they conjured up had not only caused my heart to pound in my chest, but also for my cock to bulge and ache in tremendous lust. Then, throw in all of that talk about virgins being corrupted and cheerleaders getting it on with quarterbacks underneath the bleachers at football games ... I could not take much more of this without going totally insane!

And yet, this was just my second day with these ladies. I could look forward to six whole weeks of this! (!!!!!)

After clearing my senses - at least somewhat - I went back into my personal suite and worked on the order for the next shipment of food and supplies from the catering company in Peru. Basically, I used a telxon gun to scan individual bar codes from the company's order guide. Everything had its own bar code. If I wanted 20 pounds of whole salmon, I had to scan the appropriate bar code with the telxon gun. If I wanted freshly cut rib-eye steaks, ice cream, shampoo, soap, hair brushes and so forth, I had to scan its proper bar code. Then, once I scanned all of the items that I wanted, I uploaded the information onto my computer and transmitted the order to the company's website.

I always sent my weekly order into the caterer on Tuesday morning. It took them three days to process and prepare the order, and get it to me. I paid them the healthy amount of 5,000 Nuevo Sol ($1,483 in US currency) to deliver the order to my island by way of one of their fishing boats each week. Having been doing business with the company for eight years, I think it is safe for me to claim that I am their favorite customer. I have paid them well over 2,000,000 Nuevo Sol (or roughly $600,000 USD) in delivery charges alone! The two owners led quite the lavish lifestyle because of me. They were good people, though, and deserved it.

After uploading and then transmitting the order via the world wide web, I took a few moments to contemplate what I should do next. Should I go to the library and attempt to strike up a conversation with Pamela? How about the exercise room, where Trish and Lindsay were located? Or maybe the west beach? Devon, Amy and Camille were having a very naughty discussion there. Decisions, decisions, decisions...

Ultimately, I went back to the library with the sincere hope of finding Pamela there so we could stir up our own discussion. Much to my delight, I found the blonde and buxom goddess reading a book at the circular table. Pamela was so involved with her reading that she did not even realize that I was also in the library until I made my way over to her.

"Of all the books in here," I gently said, looking at its title, "THAT is the one I would have least expected to see you reading." I offered Pamela a smile as she glanced up at me. "I'm not disturbing you ... am I? I'll leave if I am."

"No, not at all," Pamela responded, motioning for me to take a seat across from her at the table. She then peeked at the cover of her book and mused, "You would not expect me to read a book about Egyptian artifacts, huh? Let me tell you that I love to read ANYTHING and EVERYTHING that has to do with the mythology of Egypt. I am fascinated by it."

Egyptian artifacts? The mythology of Egypt? Not only was Pamela beautiful, obviously, but she was also smart and well-schooled. I knew nothing about either of the subjects, unfortunately. "That poses a question ... since when does a stripper have an interest in Egyptian artifacts?"

Pamela giggled as I referred to her profession. "Oh ... give me a little credit. I am a stripper, yes, but I do it for the money. I need it for college tuition. One day, I want to make something of my life and be successful. Being a stripper does not make me an air-head, you know. I am a member of Mensa too, F-Y-I." Yes... Mensa. The group for those individuals with ridiculously high IQ ratings...

"I would never accuse you of being an air-head," I told her. "Me, maybe. But not you. Definitely not you."

Pamela laughed. "That's good to know."

Once again, the thought crossed my mind that Pamela looked downright irresistible with those reading glasses on. Maybe I was developing a new, unique fetish? Of course, Pamela looked downright irresistible without her glasses on, too. Or any other piece of clothing or accessory under the sun. But I had a strange attraction for her wire-trimmed glasses. My naughty side had a stake in the matter, too. What would the lenses look like with sperm splattered all across them? But my attraction for her glasses went well beyond that.

"I think some of the girls went down to the beach," I informed Pamela, which was somewhat of a lie - I knew that was where they were. "Why didn't you go there with them?"

Pamela grinned and shook her head. "I had no idea where they went. The last time I saw the others was at the breakfast table this morning." She placed a marker in the book and set it down upon the table. "I felt like checking out the library, you know. I just LOVE books."

I nodded at her. "I remember from your profile that you are an avid reader. You read several books a week, yes?"

Pamela frowned for an instant and shrugged her shoulders. "If I'm not working or at college, attending classes, I am usually home - reading a book." A smile flashed across her lovely face as she added, "All of the employees at the county library know me by name. The neighborhood library, too."

"How could they forget a beautiful woman like you?"

Pamela smiled. "Thank you, Jeremy."

"Feel free to shut me up at any given time," I advised her. "I don't want you to think that I am prying, or being nosey. I just ... why ... why ... why are you a stripper?"

"Why do you ask that?"

I shrugged my shoulders. "I have never met a stripper before. I have never even been in one of those places, so I cannot really say what it is like. But I know the stereotype that goes along with being a stripper." I paused for a moment, attempting to find the right words within myself to say to her. I did not want to offend or upset Pamela in any possible way. "You just seem ... so much better than that."

Pamela tilted her head to the side and looked at me for several seconds. I got the sense that she was judging the sincerity of my words via my expression. I meant what I had said, of course, so hopefully Pamela came to that conclusion. I am about as honest as any one person could possibly be.

"Why are you a stripper?" I asked again. "Is it because of the money? I imagine with a body like yours, you make a nice living for yourself. You must get a lot of tips. I am sure that you have a lot of..."

"I am a stripper because it helps pay the bills and lets me live the type of life that I want to live," Pamela said. "At least, financially. I know it may not be much to you, Jeremy, since you're obviously worth millions and millions of dollars with this mansion and island. But I live with my sister, Candice, in a really nice apartment. A penthouse, actually. I have a 2007 BMW 323ci convertible. I'm going to sell it for $30,000, or thereabouts. With or without the money I receive from staying here on the island - meaning whether I came here or not - I am going to buy a brand new car, a 2013 Lotus Elise convertible, for about $60,000 when they come out in a few months." She paused, allowing me to take those words in. "Being a stripper lets me and my sister live in a very nice, upscale penthouse. It lets me afford to own a BMW. It lets me afford a snazzy sports car - the Lotus Elise convertible - that I would have no business buying otherwise. The quality of life that I have with my sister would not be near as good as it is now if I was say ... a waitress. Stripping is great money for me."

"Your sister ... Candice? You two are close?"

"Candice is my best friend," Pamela admitted. "She is a couple of years younger than me. 27, to be precise. I have another sister, Paula, who is 35. But Paula is married and has her own family. I have lived with Candice for the past nine years - ever since she graduated from high school."

"What type of work does your sister do? Candice?"

"She works at a flower shop in [City Name] and goes to college on a part-time basis," Pamela replied. "Candice is hoping to get into the world of science one day."

I smiled at those words. "She must be smart - like you."

Pamela giggled. "I come from a smart family, I guess."

"I imagine that you take care of your sister in terms of finances?" was my next question. "Unless your sister is the manager or owner of the place, I just cannot imagine that she makes a whole lot of money at a flower shop. Plus, you live in a very expensive and deluxe penthouse, you said."

"I handle 90 percent of our expenses," Pamela nodded. "I made over $200,000 last year alone, and have three times that in the bank. I've been a dancer for over a decade. Candice is my baby sister. I am happy to give her a good life."

"What about your parents? How are things with them?"

Pamela shrugged her shoulders. "I get along with my mom and dad, I guess. But they have never approved of me being a stripper. And they do not approve of Candice living off of my money because of where it comes from." She puckered her lips together and added, "Doesn't really matter, though. I have always made my own decisions in life."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 2: Literacy
Posted: May 28, 2012 - 08:51:41 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"But you are studying to be a schoolteacher, correct?"

"Yes," Pamela answered. "I get my degree next year. I cannot strip forever, you know. But I am going to do it for as long as they let me, and save as much money as possible. The $600,000 I have in the bank - I try to never touch it. The only thing I want to do with it is add onto it. I know I will have a NORMAL job one day. Probably sooner than I think, too. I'm not 20 anymore. I'm 30."

"Even without ever having been to your club, dear, I already know that you are the best-looking girl there." Pamela smiled as I continued, "I am sure that the powers that be will let you work there for as long as you want. They would be totally insane not to."

"I don't know," Pamela fretted. "I'm the oldest girl there - by far. I think the next youngest is 23. 24, max. This is a very high-class strip club that prides itself on having the most beautiful dancers in the area. I do not think they would want me if I was 30-something and, at least in their eyes, over-the-hill. But working there for so long, I cannot tell you how many girls I have seen come and go over the years. Most of them do not last but a couple of months. Some even a few weeks. Why, I have seen some girls quit even after their first hour. But I'm the one constant. I've been working there for 11 years - since I was 19. The next girl in terms of seniority is three years."

I felt like telling Pamela that there were much better ways for her to make her money in life. But on the other hand, I did not want to offend her. Thus, I held back on my comment. She did not need to live in a glitzy penthouse and parade about town in a BMW or a Lotus Elise.

In my eyes, at least, Pamela would make a great librarian. Money would be much tighter, of course, and Pamela would not be able to afford many of the luxuries in life that she now enjoys. But I felt as if it would be a much better fit for her. To me, anything is better than being a stripper. I am not saying one negative thing about anyone in her profession, either. I just thought Pamela was so much better than this.

I did not like the idea of Pamela exposing and degrading herself to what must have been thousands and thousands of strangers over the past 11 years. I may never have been to a strip club, but I had a pretty good idea of what went on in those places. Vulgar, drunk men who are lewd and totally disrespectful toward the ladies, shelling money out of their wallets for a lap dance which lasted for three or four minutes. Not every man is that way at those places, of course, but I imagine that a healthy percentage of them are. It only takes one bad apple to ruin the bushel, you know.

Personally, if I was a woman, I could never work in such a place. No amount of money could get me to subject myself to what Pamela must have endured for the past 11 years.

However, Pamela seemed very at ease and content with her career. So really, who was I to judge, or tell her what to do with her life? I may not agree with it - again, Pamela seemed SO MUCH BETTER than your prototypical stripper - but I was not going to say anything negative to her about it. It was not my place to do so, and I would be out of line.

"The Lotus Elise ... that is a European car," I mused. "They finally made their way over to America?"

"Yes," Pamela nodded. "The United States has very strict crash standards, you know, and it has prevented the Elise from being introduced there until just recently. Personally, I think it is the sharpest-looking car in the world. To me, it looks like it is from 20 or 30 years away in the future."

"I'm kind of partial to the Bugatti Veyron myself."

"That car costs like ... ten times as much as an Elise."

"More like 30 times," I corrected her.

"Oh." That one caught Pamela off-guard. Funny!

"What else can you tell me about yourself?" I inquired, wanting to change the subject. How long could I talk about cars before Pamela got bored? "What do you enjoy in life?"

"Reading," Pamela responded, picking up the book about Egyptian artifacts and showing it to me. "As I told you earlier, if I'm not working, I'm reading. I love to read. I do not think there is a book that I would refuse to read."

"Don't you ever go out?"

She shook her head. "No, not really. I work three or four nights a week, sometimes more. My shifts vary. The place opens at seven o'clock and does not close until four or five in the morning, depending on business. Friday, Saturday, Sunday, it opens two hours earlier at five. My sleeping hours are just terrible. It's not that I don't have the time to go out, because I do. I just don't WANT to go out, that's all. I'm pretty boring, actually."

I smiled. "I very seriously doubt that you are boring."

"Well, I haven't been on a date in eight months."

"Why is that?"

"I want to find someone who likes me for the person that I am inside, not outside," Pamela replied. "In my line of work, that is very difficult to do. I am so used to being viewed and looked at as nothing more than an object."

"I like you for who you are, Pamela. And, I can assure you that I would never, ever think of you as an object."

The young woman frowned and tilted her head at me. "I've caught you looking at me - checking me out - several times already, Jeremy. I have been here less than 24 hours. You have to realize that I KNOW when a man, or even a woman, is checking me out. Interested customers ... how I make money."

"I cannot help but to look at you because you are a very beautiful woman," I admitted. "But I am just as interested in the person inside of you, if not more." I extended both arms and held my hands out. "We've been talking for several minutes here. I don't know about you, but I am enjoying this conversation. I am perfectly content with this."

Pamela laughed. "You are running a sex resort, Jeremy, and yet you are perfectly content to sit here and talk? I am sorry, but that does not make a lot of sense to me."

I cringed at her words. "This is not a sex resort. Call it that if you wish, Pamela, but it's far from the truth."

"But the information packet I got in the mail said..."

"Disregard what it said," I interjected, cutting her off. "You can do whatever you please over the next six weeks. If you don't want to have sex, Pamela, then don't have it. I just want you and all of the other girls to be comfortable and happy here. Believe it or not, you are the boss. I'm not the boss here. You are. The others are. Not me."

"Why did you bring us here?" Pamela asked in a suspicious tone. Actually, it seemed as if she was more confused than suspicious. Or perhaps a combination of both? Whatever the case, I could not tell Pamela that I was on a crusade to find my soul-mate and eventual bride in life. Not yet, anyway.

"I brought you and the others here, Pamela, because I enjoy the company," I said. "Aside from the housekeeper Louisa - who is only here when I have guests - and a very close, dear friend of mine named Kristanna who visits me from time to time, I'm all alone on this island. The only other people who have ever come here are family members of mine. But they only come once or twice a year."

"Amy was saying something about Kristanna," Pamela mused. "Amy said you mentioned her last night. Who is she?"

"Kristanna is a friend of mine," I answered. "She is from Norway. Kristanna was hoping to be here yesterday to meet and greet all of you girls upon your arrival."

"Oh?"

"Hopefully, Kristanna will be here in a couple of days. She ran into some problems with her passport in Norway. I am hoping she will be here by the end of the week. You'll like her, Pamela. Kristanna is a real sweetheart."

"Is she bi-sexual like the rest of us?"

"Yes," I nodded. "Kristanna will be staying with us for the next six weeks, whenever she finally shows up." I reached into my shirt pocket and pulled out a 3x5 photograph of a tall, slender blonde smiling and posing next to a horse, decked out in riding pants, a white t-shirt and denim jacket. I offered it to Pamela and said, "This is Kristanna."

"She is very pretty," Pamela remarked, inspecting the photograph. "Is she your girlfriend, or something?"

I chuckled at those words. "No, not quite. A friend. A wonderful friend, but just a friend. Not my girlfriend. I have not had a girlfriend in a long, long time."

"That horse ... was this picture taken on the island? I have always wanted to go horseback riding."

"The information packet you got in the mail promised many things," I reminded her. "One of them was a horse stable."

"It also promised a sex resort."

"This island can be a sex resort if you want it to be a sex resort," I commented. "All you have to do is find a willing partner. I'm sure that won't be difficult for you."

Pamela laughed. "I haven't had sex in eight months." She hesitated for a moment, then grinned. "Until yesterday."

"Yesterday?" I inquired, suddenly very curious. Ahhhhh, I said to myself. Earlier, I eavesdropped on the discussion (with the help of my voyeur room) at the beach where Amy told Devon and Camille that Pamela sucked my sperm out of her pussy with her lips and tongue. Suddenly, I wondered if Pamela enjoyed the taste of my man-seed. Pamela could have another taste if she wanted to. All she had to do was ask...

Plus, I then recalled Pamela's steamy, little tryst with Amy in the shower after their arrival yesterday afternoon. That was the most highly erotic scene I had ever witnessed in my whole, entire life. Pamela and Amy squirming and writhing their luscious bodies together underneath the continual spray of the shower. Eventually, after shampooing and washing each other's hair, Amy dropped down to her knees and serviced Pamela's tiny, little pussy with her lips and tongue. Oh God ... I was getting an erection just thinking about it!

"Amy..." Pamela smiled and shook her head. "I shouldn't have said anything. I'm not the type to kiss and tell."

"You had sex with Amy?" I asked, acting surprised.

"No comment," she grinned, shaking her head.

No comment? No problem. I could always re-live their sexual encounter from last evening in the voyeur room at any given time. All activities here on the island were being archived onto the computer system. I would have to review the footage from last evening at the earliest opportunity.

"At least you seem like a nice guy."

"Why do you say that?"

Pamela shrugged her shoulders. "I wouldn't want to come to a sex resort where the guy running it is a total pervert. I deal with enough of them at my job. This is supposed to be a vacation, you know. Something out of the ordinary." She paused, lost in thought for a moment. "You still did not tell me why you brought all of us girls here."

"Yes I did - because I enjoy the company."

"The REAL reason," Pamela insisted. "Why?"

The time was not right for me to tell Pamela that I was on a mission to find my bride in life. I had known her and all of the other ladies for less than 24 hours. It is not that I did not trust Pamela with the whole truth, or think she would take it the wrong way. It was just too early in our relationship. That was the reason. It was too early.

"If I did not enjoy your company, why else would I have brought you and the others here?" I told Pamela. "Except for Kristanna and the one or two times my family comes and visits me each year, I'm all alone. Louisa does not count. I enjoy the company, Pamela. That is why you are here."

"You're not telling me the whole truth." Wow, I said to myself. Not only was Pamela smart and intellectual, but she was also very perceptive. "It's okay, though, Jeremy. I'll find out eventually. I'm the type of person who has to know everything. I'll figure you out sooner or later..."

Actually, I would welcome that. I wanted Pamela to know everything about me - but in due time. Her stunning beauty, combined with a fresh and friendly attitude, an unending quest for knowledge and, most importantly, the desire to one day get married and settle down had catapulted Pamela to the head of the class. She was my favorite of all of the women here - bar none. Whether she was an exotic dancer or not, I could definitely see this wondrous woman as my future wife.

"Are you going to kiss me or not?"

Pamela's question caught me off-guard. So much so, in fact, that I found myself doing a double-take. "Wh-What?"

"You were going to kiss me at the big, official meeting before breakfast ... remember?" she mused. "Amy stepped in at the last second and kissed me instead." Pamela glanced around in all different directions, then focused on me and offered a glittering smile. "No one is in our way now."

I gulped my throat. "Do you want me to kiss you?"

"Yes, I do. Very much so."

"Oh. Well ... I can do that."

"Then do it."

What started off as an awkward moment quickly changed to one of total bliss when I leaned across the table and found Pamela's lips with my very own. I proceeded to gently slip my curious tongue into her wondrous mouth and explore its many recesses and textures. Pamela met my tongue with her own within the confines of that delicious mouth of hers, and soon they began to duel and slip-slide together in erotic unison. My heart fluttering, I then brought a hand to the side of Pamela's face and tenderly caressed it. A glorious moment later, both of us broke the kiss simultaneously and took the opportunity to catch our collective breaths.

Pamela's head was tilted to the side as she looked at me with a sincere, appreciative expression. Soon, however, a loving smile flashed across that pretty face of hers as she slowly but surely removed her reading glasses. I wanted her to leave them on! "Hmmmmm ... that was the first time that I have kissed a guy in well over a year."

"Really?" I asked, confused. "I thought you said it was eight months. That was your last date, correct?"

Pamela's smile widened. "I didn't say that date was with a guy." My eyes grew large as she coyly added, "It was with one of the girls at the strip club."

"How did that work out?"

This time, Pamela had to forge a smile. "It didn't work out. Her name was Kitana. We're still friends, I guess."

"Why didn't it work out? If you don't mind my asking..."

"We went to a restaurant where there were families and kids around, and Kitana wanted to make out with me right in front of everyone," Pamela replied. "I may be a little bold and adventurous, but nowhere near like that. It's one thing for a woman to hug and kiss on a guy in a public place. It is something else for a woman to do that with another woman. I'm not looking to broadcast my sexual orientation in front of a group of strangers like that. Especially kids. We did go back to her apartment and wound up having sex. Nothing else happened between us beyond that night, though. It was pretty much a one-night stand. We kind of mutually went our separate ways following that night."

I nodded my head and offered her a smile. "Sounds like your friend lived life in the fast lane. Rest assured that you can hug and kiss on me all you want, though, dear." The 30-year-old giggled as I added, "I don't think that anyone here is going to be shocked or offended if you do. And you do not have to worry about kids seeing you. None are here."

"Do you like children, Jeremy?"

"I love kids." Pamela grinned as I continued, "I want to have three or four, maybe even five kids, one day. It is something that I have wanted since I was in high school."

"I want to have a bunch of children too," Pamela swooned, her expression conveying the notion of what it would be like if I was the father of her children. She rolled her head in an innocent fashion and lamented, "I just haven't found the right man to settle down with yet."

"Who knows?" I countered. "Sometimes you can meet the person who is best suited for you in the strangest place."

"Like a tropical island in the middle of the ocean?"

My insides warmed at her comment. "Sounds good to me." Soon, I chuckled and continued, "I could see it now, Pamela dear ... you as the mother of five children. Say goodbye to your Lotus Elise and say hello to a giant station wagon with lots of wood on the sides!" Pamela laughed as I kept talking, "Or maybe a mini-van. Soccer mom and PTA stickers on the back bumper ... girl and boy scout stickers too. " The dazzling blonde shook her head at me and giggled. "You would drive by in your gas-guzzling station wagon or mini-van and guys would say to each other, GOOD NIGHT, look at that MILF."

"MILF?" Pamela looked confused. "What's a MILF?"

I grinned and answered, "Mom I'd Like to ... bleep."

"Oh!" she laughed. "I should have known!" Pamela offered me a playful slap on the arm and continued, "I have never thought of myself driving a station wagon or mini-van, but I would gladly do it if I could have a loving husband and kids, and be happy in life. I would trade anything for it. There are times, though, when I wonder if that will ever happen..."

"I would trade anything for a loving wife and kids, dear. Seems to me as if you and I have something in common there."

"That we do," Pamela agreed, before smiling sweetly and slowly but surely making her way around to my side of the library table. She placed one arm around my neck and took a seat directly across my lap. An instant later, Pamela found my mouth with her own and the two of us shared a very warm and sensuous kiss. I rubbed my right hand over and across the center portion of her back while my left gently squeezed her thigh. Pamela responded by thrusting her upper torso against mine and finding my mouth for yet another exchange of tongues. Her large, thick breasts felt fabulous as they were squished all nice and snug against my chest.

I was quickly becoming overwhelmed by this woman. The intoxicating smell of Pamela, the taste of her luscious lips and her small, delicate hand suddenly rubbing and squeezing the huge bulge within my shorts was taking its toll on me. Not to mention, of course, her angelic face and voluptuous body. There was no question that I wanted this woman. I wanted her more than anything in the whole, wide world.

During our shared kiss, I managed to undo several buttons on her blouse and pull it open. Pamela wiggled her shoulders several times in succession, until the blouse loosened and fell harmlessly to the floor. I used this opportunity to squeeze and knead her left breast through the fabric of her silky, white bra with my hand, luxuriating in its plump firmness. She let out a squeal as I moved a few fingers underneath the cup of her bra and pinched her nipple, my lips and tongue savoring her delicious mouth. Eventually, however, Pamela broke the kiss and looked into my brown eyes with a dreamy, lust-ridden expression on her face.

She slipped her hand inside my shorts and gripped the base of my erection, then smiled. "Are you sure the other girls are down at the beach?"

I nodded my head at her. "Yeah ... as far as I know."

She grinned once more. "Good. I want you for myself."

"Trish and Lindsay are together in the exercise room," I managed to get out, unsnapping her bra in back and then disposing of it. "They will be there for a while."

"As long as they stay there..." she nodded.

I moaned in pure delight as Pamela closed her mouth over mine yet again. This time, our kiss was much more intense than before. We attacked each others' mouths, diving our tongues far and deep. In the process, Pamela managed to yank my shorts down. Now, she was stroking my erection in plain sight, as I massaged both of her breasts with my own hands. It was a very intense moment - to say the least.

Pamela broke the kiss, which disappointed me momentarily. I was quickly overcome with lustful desire, however, as she soon dropped to her knees and assumed the fellatio position. Pamela grasped my cock tightly and while looking up into my eyes, slapped it against her chin three times, giggling.

"It's been awhile since I did this," she purred. "Let me see if I remember how to put the lipstick on the dipstick."

Grinning, Pamela's eyes never lost contact with mine as the head of my cock then disappeared into her wondrous mouth.

I groaned in pure arousal, realizing that my shaft was fully jammed against the back of her mouth, as she massaged my aching testicles with both of her hands. Pamela kept that same position for several seconds, looking up into my eyes while moaning and panting out with her own sheer desire.

I quickly got the sense that Pamela was just as turned on as I was - if that was possible. She was burning up!

All of a sudden, Pamela changed her technique and began to bob her head up-and-down over my erection as if her very life depended on it. Her head was moving at an incredible rate of speed. At the same time, she massaged and tweaked my testicles with her fingertips. I could really do nothing but toss my head back and moan in undeniable passion.

The blonde bombshell took my cock out of her mouth for a spell and lapped at my testicles, getting them all nice and moist. Pamela then stuffed my erection back into her mouth, this time jutting her shapely ass outward, and sucked away with a ferocious nature that words could never describe.

Once again, Pamela took the full length of my cock into her mouth. But this time, I felt the tip of my shaft slip and slide down her throat. She was deep-throating me! I yelled out in pure ecstasy while massaging her head, running my fingers throughout her immaculate, long-flowing hair.

"You're beautiful, sweetheart," I moaned, looking down at her. Pamela's response was a cock-filled smile and giggle.

The wicked seductress withdrew my erection from her mouth, lapped away at my testicles and then swallowed my length once again. She repeated the same process, over and over again, several times. Soon, her head plunges became quicker, which caused me to moan and groan even louder than before. I was becoming lost in a sea of wicked stimulation.

What a remarkable woman, to say the least. Is there a better feeling in the world - at least for a man - than having a beautiful lady perched on her knees in front of you, orally servicing your cock? Some may disagree, but I really cannot think of one. Nothing even compared to this for me.

What made this even better was that Pamela was the total embodiment of the ultimate fantasy girl. Blonde and overly busty with a ferocious sexual appetite, women such as Pamela were only supposed to exist in centerfold magazines. But she was here right now - with me - on my island. What good had I done to deserve this? Thank you, God. Thank you!

I used both hands to grab the back of Pamela's head before letting out a thunderous, earth-shaking scream. I pulled her head to me so that my erection was embedded all of the way within her mouth and throat, without a trace of it exposed. Then, the eruption inside my body took place.

I growled as my cock fired its first batch of sperm into her mouth. Pamela choked for a moment but then pulled back, placing my burning shaft directly onto her soft tongue. The second laser-shot of semen went straight into her mouth, with big globs of it splattering across her teeth in the process. I grasped my cock and stroked it fiercely, wanting to spray even more of my seed into her hungry, awaiting mouth.

I was successful, at least partially, as half of my next blast landed on Pamela's pretty face and lovely hair. I watched her as she sucked and swallowed down what sperm went into her mouth, as more of it was jettisoned from my shaft. Soon, there were two thick, gooey strands of hot jizz slowly trailing down either side of her sweet face.

When I finally ran dry, there was one final string of cum which dangled from the tip of my cock. I shook it loose, and the big glob landed directly on Pamela's fiery tongue as she giggled with pure desire. Of course, she swallowed it whole.

I looked down at this fabulous, exciting woman. She was a mess, with my white man-cream all over her face and hair. It was a very beautiful sight to behold, however.

"How was I?" Pamela asked, smiling up at me.

"You were wonderful, sweetheart," I moaned. "That was, by far, the best blowjob I have ever received."

"Better than Amy's?" Pamela asked, in a quizzical tone. "I know she went to your room last night."

"Amy was fabulous, dear, but no one compares to you."

The buxom stripper smiled at me while rising to her feet. She grasped my hand and pulled me into a standing position as well. Then, Pamela wrapped her arms around me and pressed her lips to mine for a searing kiss. We kissed with great hunger and passion while grinding and bumping our bodies together as one. I cupped her sweet ass with both hands and squeezed it roughly, then managed to slip her tight-fitting denim shorts downward, and off. When her G-string followed, Pamela was just the way I wanted her - completely nude.

Pamela pulled me down to the floor with her, then broke the kiss. She grinned lustily at me and said, "Please, I want you to fuck me right now." The idea of re-paying her oral favor with one of my own was now on my mind, but... "Please," she reiterated. "I want you to fuck me now. I don't want to wait for it any longer. I've waited long enough to be with a man again. Please ... now..."

With the enchantress soon on her back, her legs widespread and knees in the air, I positioned myself to enter her in the missionary position. She raised both of her legs and crisscrossed her feet together behind my neck as I fisted my cock and guided it toward her slick pussy. It was time.

I burrowed the tip of my shaft into Pamela's opening and watched as her face turned red with hot passion and desire. Both of us groaned as I then sank my cock deeper and deeper into her, going very slowly. I simply could not believe how tight she felt! It was incredible.

Eventually, I had poked the full length of my erection into her. Pamela moved her feet so they were now on the floor again, her knees high in the air. I used this opportunity to lean forward and give her a full kiss on the lips. Both of us smiled at one another, in sheer arousal.

I withdrew my cock from her, very slowly, then thrusted it back into her velvety slit. Pamela moaned and squealed as I did it once again, but only faster. I continued doing so, picking up speed with each new thrust. In no time flat, I was pumping myself into her at a hard, steady pace.

Still leaning forward, I peppered the blonde's face and neck with a series of quick-hitting kisses. She seemed to enjoy this almost as much as I did. In addition, I loved the sound of Pamela talking to me with each and every inward cock-stroke that I gave her. It was sweet music to my ears.

"Fuck my pussy!" she demanded, encouraging me further. "Fuck it! Fuck it harder! I wanna feel you. Fuck me in my pussy!" Her nasty words were only making me thrust into her harder than before. "Fuck my pussy. Hurt me with your big cock. Fuck me!" I growled at her verbal onslaught. "Come on ... give it to me. Give it to me!" I was hammering away at her with all of my strength now. This definitely did not sound like the sweet and well-mannered woman I had spoken to over a 10 or 15 minute span. Beneath that cool and friendly exterior, Pamela was a nasty hellcat in heat! "OH YES! YEAH! FUCK ME! DON'T STOP! FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

Pamela's face was thrashing from side-to-side as her large breasts bounced about wildly. I was really giving it to her now. I did not know that I had this sort of power in me. She had drawn it out of me with her nasty language.

Pamela let out a series of loud screams before continuing, "Please fuck me. Fuck me harder! OH YEAH! MORE! MORE! OH MY GOD! YES! FUCK MY LITTLE PUSSY! FUCK IT WITH YOUR BIG COCK!" She let out another scream, then began to grope and massage her large, heavenly breasts with her own hands.

The combination of my cock buried inside Pamela's sweet folds and the sound of her nasty words were about to push me over the edge. I really could not take much more of this. This luscious woman, of course, sensed that.

"Give it to me," she continued. "Give it to me! I know you want to. I know you want to, real bad ... cum inside me. Come on, cum inside my little pussy. Do it! DO IT NOW!"

There was no holding back as I lost control of my body. Growling in a passionate rage, I buried myself all of the way inside of Pamela's tender folds and then simply exploded.

My absolute dream woman screamed in desire as a helping of sperm jettisoned itself from my cock directly into her womb. I continued to empty my load into Pamela, wanting to flood her insides with my thick and gooey juice. Initially, there were two large gushes of sperm which had shot out - and they were followed a series of several smaller ones. During this time, Pamela experienced a rather extensive orgasm of her own. It was only appropriate that she did so.

Once I was tapped out, however, I lost all of my strength and fell down directly on top of Pamela. Both of us had shared the ultimate togetherness between two people. Though exhausted, we reveled in that wonderful feeling.

"Good boy," she said, obviously pleased with my efforts. The blonde kissed me on the lips while running her fingers throughout my hair, and repeated, "Good boy..."

I put my arms around her and held her close to me. I offered Pamela a kiss of my own and said, "Good girl..."

Pamela giggled at me as we embraced one another tightly. "I hope you don't mind me being honest and straightforward, Jeremy, about telling you this was my first time with a guy in over a year. I don't want you to be uncomfortable. I just believe that honesty is a big part of any relationship."

"You can be as honest and as straightforward with me as you like," I advised her. "Tell me anything."

"It's a two-way street, you know," she reminded me. "You can be totally open and honest with me too, Jeremy."

"I have been."

"No you haven't," she countered. When I pulled back and looked into her eyes - wondering what that comment meant - Pamela waved a finger before me and said, "Tell me the reason WHY you brought me and all of the other girls to this island with you, Jeremy. The REAL reason. Not a half-reason. I promise not to tell the others if you don't want me to."

I chuckled inwardly, suddenly feeling a certain sense of ease. Pamela may very well be the one for me. In fact, as of this moment in time, I was absolutely positive of it. I could easily envision myself marrying this angel one day...

"The real reason, sweetheart, is because I want to find the girl of my dreams," I said, my voice gentle and soothing. I kissed her on the forehead. "I think I already found her."

Pamela sighed and closed her eyes for several seconds, allowing those heartfelt words to sink in and register. When she finally opened her eyes and focused on me, her face was awash with emotion. "Dare I say it, but I think you have helped me find what I've been searching for, too."

"And what is that?" I asked, kissing away a tear which trickled from her left eye.

"The perfect man."

Feeling playful, my head shot up and I glanced about in all different directions. "Oh? Where is he? Can I meet him? Maybe I could get some advice, and a few suggestions." Much to my delight, Pamela laughed at my words. My feeble attempt at humor was successful,

Pamela kissed me flush on the lips and literally begged, "Stay with me here. Hold me. Hold me in your arms."

Although I realized that the library was not the typical place for such romance and togetherness, I could never turn down that type of request from Pamela. So, I smiled at her and promised, "I'll stay with you as long as you want me to."


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Chapter 3
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 3: Tour de Devon
Posted: May 31, 2012 - 06:34:44 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

After our sizzling, red-hot sexual encounter had reached its conclusion, I stayed (and cuddled) with Pamela for a long period of time upon the carpeted floor of the library. It was a quiet, tender series of moments which I still look back on and cherish to this very day. That should be obvious.

If I did not know it before, I was most definitely aware of it now - Pamela was the woman that I had been searching for throughout my entire life. There was absolutely no doubt about that in my mind. I was totally in love with Pamela.

Some people may suggest that I sit back and evaluate all of the women before coming to such a conclusion, but at this point in time, there was no need. Pamela was the one for me. Guaranteed. All of the other ladies here were beautiful and desirable, indeed, but Pamela was my chosen one. I realized that when she was laying in my arms upon the library floor.

As the time went by, Pamela commented that she wanted to wash up, and take a shower. She also said it would not be a good idea if the other five ladies showed up and found the two of us together like this - cuddling as one upon the floor. They would all want me at once, Pamela predicted, and she wondered if I could physically withstand that.

I did not respond to her speculation (even though it was quite a riveting idea), but instead gave Pamela a friendly reminder about the 7:00pm dinner tonight. All of the ladies were required to be there. Pamela asked me what the penalty would be if one of them were to skip dinner, and I playfully replied by telling her that it would most assuredly be a harsh spanking. Pamela giggled and, of course, threatened to be elsewhere at dinner-time tonight.

After a long and tender kiss, the two of us finally parted ways. I decided to go back to my personal suite and take a shower. It was definitely needed. I took an extra long shower, reliving the earlier experience with Pamela in my mind, over and over again. Her nasty words and demeanor when I was penetrating her had a profound effect on me. I really have a bona-fide soft spot for attractive women who are friendly and respectful in general circles, yet harsh and aggressive during sex. Pamela had turned me on...

The mahogany library was not out of the voyeuristic view of my hidden cameras, of course, so I also had my first-ever sexual encounter with Pamela archived on the computer. You can bet that it will be forever saved - and cherished. It may turn out to be my most-watched encounter of all. I would have to burn a DVD copy of it at the earliest opportunity.

After stepping out of the shower and drying off, I threw on some light clothing and decided to lay down for a while. It was early in the afternoon and since dinner-time was not for several more hours, I figured that it would be best to catch up on a little rest. I wanted to take a nap, but...

I then remembered I had promised all of the ladies that I would guide them on a hike to the island's most picturesque waterfall. I did not have a whole lot of time to prepare for it, either. We agreed to begin our trek at 2:00pm - and that was only ten minutes from now. I had to get ready!

I threw on a pair of sturdy shorts and an old t-shirt, and my best hiking boots. I loaded my backpack up with plenty of water bottles and snacks, and a first aid kit (just in case it was needed). I also retrieved several cans and tubes of insect repellant from the storage room, so the ladies and yours truly would be properly protected from Mother Nature. Shortly thereafter, it was time for the journey to commence.

Our hike began at the north end of the mansion, where I guided the entire group - Lindsay, Trish, Devon, Pamela, Amy and Camille - up a very steep trail into the woods and then along a winding cliff. We eventually got back down to sea level, and then took a different trail which veered off to the west. I informed everyone that the waterfall we were visiting today was only a mile up this particular pathway. However, most of it was along a steady incline.

There were plenty of large rocks and muddy spots to deal with as we drew closer toward the waterfall. Soon, we had to be careful with tree roots and fallen branches as well. Needless to say, I had to stop and allow several of the girls to rest and catch their collective breaths while they eagerly downed the energy snacks and bottles of water.

Trish and Pamela, both of whom were very physically fit, did not seem to be having much of a problem with the trail. Lindsay and Amy, however, were often having to stop and pant for breath. Lindsay, in fact, was holding hands with Trish so she would not slip and fall on the treacherous terrain. Still, despite the physical exterion they had to put forth to continue, Lindsay and Amy insisted that we move on.

Fortunately, the steady incline eventually flattened out and the latter portion of the hike became much easier to navigate. All of the ladies were very intrigued once we came across a lava cave just a few hundred feet from the waterfall. Thus, we took another sit-down break in the cave and listened to the ocean's heavy waves crash into the rocky shoreline off in the distance, while having a quick snack. Everyone was so talkative and jovial; they genuinely seemed to be having the time of their lives thus far on the island. I could not be any happier because of this!

After exiting the cave, I offered to take the group on a side trip into the clearing, where a series of petroglyphs (drawings by natives from hundreds of years ago) could be seen on the collection of lava rocks. These petroglyphs were all over this particular area. To me, the aboriginal writings had always been most fascinating.

The true meaning of the drawings will most likely forever remain a mystery, but one could make out figures representing men and women, family units, goats, pets, canoes and even a possible surfer. Petroglyphs are made by pounding a pointed rock with a larger, dull rock into the boulder, thus carving out the figures. Considering that these drawings were, quite possibly, 300 years old, they were priceless in my eyes.

"What is this?" Pamela wondered, pointing toward a boulder with the phrase _Kristanna vilje elsker deg for evig, Jeremy_ carved out across it. "It has your name on it."

I laughed at the mention of the one rock which had given me the most fits over the past two years. "Remember when I told you about my friend from Norway, Pamela? Kristanna? The one who will hopefully be here by the end of the week? Well, at times, she will start talking in her own language right in the middle of a conversation. It drives me insane, but that is why she does it. Kristanna enjoys pestering me, but does so in a comical way. Unfortunately, Kristanna came across an empty rock here one day two years ago and decided to carve out a cryptic message for me."

"What does it mean?" Devon inquired.

I shrugged my shoulders and answered, "I have no idea. But one of these days, I am finally going to break down and buy a Norwegian-to-English dictionary. You will see what I mean when Kristanna arrives here later in the week. She is quite a character. You'll see what I mean. Trust me."

"At least the rock she left that message on was otherwise bare," Pamela observed. "It would be a shame if someone messed up a rock that had some of these writings on it. I should have brought my camera along with me." Pamela looked my way and literally begged, "Will you bring us back here in the future, Jeremy? Please? I would LOVE to photograph the writings ... be able to study and research them."

I chuckled, thinking to myself that Pamela was anything but the prototypical stripper. How many exotic dancers would even be remotely interested in a series of petroglyphs like this? Not only was Pamela interested, but she wanted to _study_ them. She wanted to _research_ them. Incredible...

"I'll bring you back here as often as you like, dear," I promised her. "Just tell me when, and we'll be off."

After getting back onto the path, it only took a minute or two before we reached our final destination. Once there, several of the ladies stood and stared in silent awe at the grand beauty of the island's biggest waterfall. A thick, steady stream of water cascaded down the steep mountain face and into a shimmering pond, which emptied out into the ocean further below. The mountain itself was rich with green weeds, giving it a tropical appearance. In a word, it was majestic.

Now, Lindsay and Trish both claimed that they wished they had brought their respective cameras along to capture the moment as well. I promised them that we would come back here several times in the near future so they could do just that. Devon and Camille were aptly prepared, though, having brought their cellular telephones with them and were busy snapping photographs of the beautiful, stunning landscape.

All of the ladies wore swimsuits or bikinis underneath their clothing, so they soon stripped down and jumped into the beautiful, chest-deep pond. Devon made an immediate move toward the heavy falls, where she allowed herself to bask in the cascading rush of water. Lindsay and Camille soon got the same idea and joined the 27-year-old there as well.

As for myself, I sat on the rocky ledge and smiled as Trish, Pamela and Amy all got into a water-fight with one another. It sure was a sight to watch them squeal and giggle as they blindly splashed water on each other. Soon, Lindsay waded over and joined the playful fight as well. She centered most of her splashing efforts on Trish.

Trish grabbed Lindsay's bare shoulders and dunked her head underwater several times in succession. Each time she came up for a breath, Lindsay would grunt and squeal that revenge would soon be exacted upon Trish for this. The Canadian did not seem to take her seriously, however, as she continually dunked Lindsay's head underwater. Of course, all of this was done in a very fun and safe kind of way. I got the sense from watching them together thus far that Trish would never do anything to harm Lindsay in the slightest way imaginable.

In an unexpected move, Pamela laughed as she literally jumped on the back of Trish's shoulders. This caused Trish to fall underwater as well, and then Lindsay used the golden opportunity to relentlessly splash away once Pamela allowed her to re-surface. Amy stood back and smiled warmly at the exchange, while Devon and Camille were still underneath the constant sheet of oncoming water on the other side.

Soon, Devon tore herself away from that prime location and made her way over to me. She was joined at her side by Amy, and the two ladies suggested that I take a dip in the water with them. I politely declined, though, saying I had left my swimming trunks back at the mansion. I even said that I was happy to just sit back and watch all of the girls enjoy their time in the water.

Devon and Amy glanced at one another for a quick moment and smiled, then both reached out and grabbed my wrists, and pulled me into the basin with them. I was surprised, but really should not have been. Both ladies giggled with pure delight as I flopped about in the water. I was not angry at them, of course, but I was a bit worried about my hiking boots. I had worn my best pair, but now they were soaked.

Undaunted, I returned their splashes with some of my own. Pamela snuck up from behind me and jumped on my back as well, but I did not allow her to submerge me underneath the water. "Get him!" Pamela then screamed, and soon all of the ladies were tugging at various portions of my body. I was no match for the entire group. Thus, I was (cruelly) dunked.

We stayed at the splendid waterfall location for another hour or so - just frolicking and playing around with each other. The hike back to the mansion was obviously less strenuous, since the majority of it was downhill. I was somewhat surprised that everyone had gone through my vast assortment of chocolate power bars and snacks, and was now feeling a tad hungry myself. But oh well ... I would rather be hungry instead of having one of the girls feel that way. Their needs were far more important to me than my own.

Upon our return to the mansion, I agreed to convene with the ladies yet again at 7:00pm for dinner. I reminded them that our nightly meal would always take place at this particular time. Then, I ventured off to my private suite, knowing it was time for a long and relaxing whirlpool bath. I had been through a lot over the past 24 hours, and it felt quite refreshing to have the opportunity to rest my sore, aching muscles in the hot, steamy water.

After I was done with my hour-long dip in the whirlpool bathtub, I stepped out and dried off, then returned to my adjacent personal suite. Curious about the ladies and what they were up to (as I always was), I strolled over to the nearby voyeur room and took a seat at its control panel. Much to my delight, only one of the surveillance monitors in front of me was currently active. Meaning, of course, that all of the ladies were together in the same place since the system was triggered with the use of motion detectors.

That particular place was none other than the indoor pool-house, which was found underneath the glassed-in portion of the roof. The swimming pool there - 24x60 in dimension - featured an underwater music system and a black bottom floor with 2,250 fiber optic lights installed, giving the illusion of a clear, brilliant evening sky. Swimmers could also dive underneath a glass wall and emerge outdoors by the terrace. The view from there, overlooking the rugged forest and the picturesque beach further beyond, was simply astonishing.

I rarely had to do anything with this pool, or the one located outdoors, in terms of maintenance since both were equipped with automated cleaning systems. In fact, the automated cleaning systems for both pools were the best that money could buy. Obviously, it was a nice luxury to have. All I had to do was flip a switch, and the pools would be totally clean and crystal-clear about 45 minutes later.

Getting back to the topic at hand, all of the ladies - Lindsay, Trish, Devon, Pamela, Amy and Camille - were currently enjoying one of the many features that the indoor pool offered. Specifically, they were playing volleyball.

With a heavy duty nylon net installed on the shallow end of the pool, I reclined back within my chair here inside the voyeur room as I watched the ladies play what seemed to be a carefree and jovial game of water volleyball. Lindsay, Trish and Devon appeared to be on one team, with the lovely trio of Pamela, Amy and Camille comprising the other. All of the ladies were still wearing the same bikinis they had on during our earlier adventure up at the waterfall.

It was most definitely a wondrous sight to witness the likes of Pamela and Camille, with their massive 38d-sized breasts bouncing and flopping about underneath their bikini tops, as they exerted themselves in the volleyball game. The same could be said for Devon, Trish and Amy, all of whom sported proud D-cups as well (although none were quite as large and majestic as were Pamela and Camille's).

But the most amazing vision of all was undoubtedly the young and docile Lindsay, with her humble and modest figure (at least compared to the others here) in a simple red bikini swimsuit. With her tight, little body on display, the 18-year-old princess looked even _MORE_ like a high school freshman or sophomore than she usually did. Of course, the aura that constantly surrounded Lindsay - that of still being an untouched virgin - was a big attraction for me. It would be for any man who was lucky enough to be in my position.

Since Lindsay was obviously the youngest and most freshly scrubbed of all of the girls, I caught several of the others stealing quick peeks of her as she frolicked about during the game of water volleyball. Many, if not all, of them were attracted to her. It would be easy for me to anoint Lindsay as the most beautiful woman of the entire group as well, but I was not quite ready to do that just yet (not with Devon and Pamela around). I had not made up my mind on that just yet Still, Lindsay was a gorgeous little thing. Just imagine that sweet, toothy smile of hers wrapped around my willing shaft, sucking and slurping it to the very root. Oh my ... a series of wicked chills just went down my spine!

I had the sudden urge to whip my cock out of my trousers and begin stroking as my wide, lecherous eyes soon became solely focused on Lindsay. How many people in Lindsay's life had the privilege of seeing her in a tiny bikini like the one she was wearing right now? How many people had seen Lindsay _this close_ to being totally nude? It got to the point where I used my hidden cameras to zoom in and totally concentrate on Lindsay and whatever movements she made in the pool. Could I be developing an obsession here?

Oh dear God ... the sight of Lindsay in her little swimsuit and the vivid thoughts it conjured up within my mind sent me to the very brink of erotic madness. I soon fell over that proverbial ledge, as my cock exploded and left a thick, heavy helping of sperm on my wrist in the aftermath.

Now feeling light-headed and mentally exhausted, I settled even further into the chair and took a deep, ragged breath. Oh ... I would give anything to be the one who is blessed with taking that girl's virginity. Anything at all!

Once it was time for dinner, all of the ladies met up with me in the formal dining room and purred with hungry delight as Louisa, the housekeeper, wheeled out the cart of steaming food and prepared to serve it to all of us. She had fixed two different casseroles - one chicken and the other turkey, with sides of oven-baked garlic bread and pumpkin muffins. Lindsay, Trish, Devon and Camille chose the chicken casserole, while Pamela, Amy and yours truly opted for the turkey. The food smelled absolutely delicious!

We all thanked Louisa, who dutifully meandered back into the kitchen with her cart and promised to bring our drinks right out. As could be expected, the meal was wonderful. Louisa really was the best cook in the whole, wide world.

Because Louisa was so old (and had an aching back), I did my best to help her out whenever possible. One thing which was very common for me to do, as I mentioned in the previous chapter, was to take care of the clean-up after every single meal. It was the least I could do for Louisa, considering what a wonderful, quality job she had always done for me.

Honestly, I loved doing dishes. When I was still in high school - which seemed like several eons ago despite the fact I was only 38 - I worked at a fast-food restaurant (_Kentucky Fried Chicken_, to be precise) and washed dishes there every single night. Although this chore was a pet-peeve of many, I was the exact opposite. For whatever reason, I loved it. I have always been a little out-of-the-ordinary.

Of course, I should also point out that many of the girls volunteered to take care of the dishes themselves once they learned that I did not want Louisa to do any of the clean-up, preferring to handle it myself. Lindsay, Trish and Amy were quite adamant in wanting to wash the dishes.

My best guess as for the reason why they wanted to help out was that they were thinking of ways to get on my good side. None of them, of course, knew what the criteria was for taking home the $500,000 grand prize at the end of these six weeks. Lindsay, Trish and Amy - inparticular - were trying their best to be overly helpful with me. I do not know if the money possibilities were foremost on their minds, or if they were truly good people who simply wanted to help. Or, perhaps most likely, it was a combination of both.

However, I told each of them to go off and do their thing. I even referred to the dishes as a _sacred ritual_ - and no one on the island was to wash them except for me. I also informed those three ladies, as well as Devon, Pamela and Camille, that I did not want them to do any chores while they were on this island of mine. They were my guests. What type of host requires his or her guests to do chores? Perhaps some would, but I was definitely not one of them...

"Is everything okay?"

Startled by that unexpectant voice, I quickly glanced over to the side - toward its origin - and was rewarded with the sight of the very captivating and vivacious Devon. I shook my head as if to clear the cobwebs, then offered her quite the dumbfounded expression. Why had Devon asked me that?

"Everything okay?" I countered. "Everything is fine."

"Oh," she said, stepping toward me. "Well, the reason I asked is because it looks like you just lost your best friend, or something. Are you sure everything is okay?"

The time was 8:15pm when Devon had approached on this peaceful and breezy Tuesday evening as I sat just outside the mansion, by the infinity-edged swimming pool. After taking care of the dishes moments earlier, I decided to come out here to relax and unwind for a bit. I had been thinking about the past 24 hours, and what the next six weeks had in store for not only me, but the girls as well.

I was a bit confused, though, as to Devon's remark toward me. I looked as if I had just lost my best friend? All I could figure was that she must have caught me in a very weird moment in regards to my facial expression and/or body language. I truly felt nothing but good vibrations.

I smiled and stood up to meet Devon as she stepped closer to me. "Oh ... yeah. Actually, I was just thinking. Have a couple of things going on in my mind right now."

Devon looked curious. "What were you thinking about?"

"Doesn't matter," I responded, reaching out and grasping her right hand with my very own. Indeed, I was becoming a bit more bold in my dealings with some (but not all) of the ladies. With Devon, it was easy. I already knew that she was attracted to me for some strange, odd reason. "The only thing that matters is that you are here now," I told her.

I quickly learned that I was not quite as bold as Devon, however, as she giggled and then slipped her arms around my body for a brief, but warm embrace. Though merely simple and friendly, the hug added to my positive emotions.

"How are you doing?" I asked once she pulled away and stepped back from me. "How was dinner?"

"Just fine, Jeremy," she smiled. "Just fine. And you? How are you?"

"Wonderful." The primary reason for that, of course, was because I found myself with Devon right now.

Strange as it may sound, but Devon's mere presence had made me temporarily forget not only about Pamela, but the proclamation I made to myself just hours earlier that she was basically the woman I had been searching for throughout my entire life. I was falling into a pattern, a cycle, here. It seemed as if whichever lady I had the most recent contact with - verbal or physical - was my new favorite and the one that I wanted to settle down with and commit to.

Before any of the women had even stepped foot on the island and met me face-to-face, Trish was my favorite. She seemed to be, for lack of a better term, the _coolest_ of them all. Trish was very positive and forthcoming, and I could easily sense that in the many telephone and video conference chats we shared before her arrival. I truly enjoyed my discussions with her more than any of the others.

Then, yesterday happened. With all of the ladies finally here, I swung back-and-forth like a pendulum. Originally, I liked Pamela the most. Then it was Lindsay, Amy, Devon ... back to Amy again. Today, my new favorite was Pamela. The thoughts I had about Lindsay earlier were really starting to consume me and push her to the head of the proverbial class.

Now? I was alone with Devon. Suddenly (at least for the time being), no one else really mattered. Devon was first and foremost on my mind. This was not a good cycle to be in. I had six weeks to make a decision, and even though this was just day number two, the clock was ticking.

I took a moment to study Devon from head to toe. I soon wished that I could take a year instead.

The 27-year-old enchantress from Pennsylvania wore a sleeveless yellow top that was not only extremely bright in color, but also ended several inches below her midriff. In addition, Devon had on a pair of matching yellow shorts which did an excellent job of highlighting her firm, tanned legs. Much like the top, Devon's shorts were a very tight and clingy fit. To complete her outfit, she wore a pair of white sneakers and matching socks rolled down to her ankles.

Mere words could never accurately describe just how good Devon looked in that popsicle color of yellow. The shape and contour of her large breasts - hidden beneath the tight, adhering fabric of her sleeveless top - looked titillating. Ditto for her ass, which appeared so very taut and ripe underneath the flashy exterior of those yellow shorts.

"Can I tell you something that you already know?"

"What?" the blonde inquired.

"You look ... fabulous."

"Oh ... thank you, Jeremy!" She closed the short distance between us and placed a hand on my wrist. "Actually, you are JUST the man that I am looking for."

"I'm the only man here."

Devon giggled again. "That's true. But I wanted to ask for a big favor - if you would get me a bicycle out of the storage shed. You said there are plenty locked up in there, right? I haven't rode a bike in ten years."

"You want to go on a bike ride?"

Devon gave me a military salute. "Yes sir."

I held up a single finger and grinned, "One condition."

"What's that?"

"Let me go on the bike ride with you," was my request, as I stood up from the chair. "That is, if you don't mind me tagging along. Maybe we could make it a little date?"

"A date?" Devon beamed. "I'd love that."

"As would I," were my words, as I chuckled to myself. I got Devon to agree to go on a _date_ with me out of nowhere. What part of my reserved, shy being had that request come out of so effortlessly and flawlessly? I was really starting to open up with all of these ladies around, and that was good. I would need to open up more over the coming days and weeks.

I reached out and placed my hand on the back of Devon's right shoulder. I gave a little nudge, then motioned for her to walk with me toward the exit of the outdoor pool area. When she did, I tilted my head and gazed at her as we slowly strolled along. "You haven't taken a bicycle ride in ten years, Miss Devon? How can that possibly be?"

Devon shrugged her shoulders. "It's a lot easier to drive a car, I guess. I was always too busy with going to college and then, after that, my job."

"Not near as fun to drive a car, though," I told her. "I take a bike out and go riding every week. I have for years." Once we reached the pool gate, I slipped ahead of Devon and opened it for her. "Do you have any particular idea where you want to go? I have all sorts of bicycles - free-ride, racing, sport, hybrids ... others. Where do you want to ride?"

"I was thinking of the access roads, but I wouldn't mind hitting the dirt trails in the forest, too. We have a little time before it gets dark. Maybe an hour or so."

I nodded my head. "A mountain bike sounds good for you."

After fetching the master set of keys from my pocket, I escorted the lovely Devon over to the storage shed located adjacent from the mansion and unlocked its door. I flipped on the overhead lamp and debated within my mind which bicycle would be the best bet for Devon. Ultimately, I suggested the _Litespeed Unicoi XTR_, a bicycle designed for mountainous, rugged terrain. It was a smaller frame model, thus making it perfect for a woman of Devon's stature.

I chose a similar ride for myself in perhaps my favorite bicycle of all, the _Cannondale Scalpel 3000_. It was very light-weight (only 5.15 pounds) and was the fastest bicycle that I had ever rode on my entire life. One of nine bicycles that I owned specifically for myself - no one else could ride these - the _Cannondale Scalpel 3000_ was my choice whenever I felt like trekking throughout the forest.

I offered Devon a helmet and pair of trail gloves, then filled up our respective water bottles at the sink. Finally, it was time to hit the road. After I locked the shed, Devon and I hopped onto the pair of bicycles and were ready to venture out into the wild blue yonder. Aside from Kristanna (again, my friend from Norway who would hopefully be on the island in a day or two - she was having passport issues), this would be the first time that I had some company on a bicycle ride in several years. I was going to enjoy myself.

"Do you remember how to ride a bike?" I asked Devon, as she wobbled about and seemed to struggle with her balance. Teasing her, I added, "Need some training wheels? I think I have some somewhere ... from when my niece was younger."

"Oh, I'll be okay," Devon assured me, only needing a few seconds to steady herself and feel comfortable, and at ease. "There. You never forgot how to ride a bike, Jeremy." The living, breathing aphrodisiac shot quickly ahead of me on the road. "Hey ... this thing rides like a dream!"

"It should, considering how much it cost," I yelled back.

The smell of over-ripe guava was in the air, while fading sunlight pierced the forest canopy and danced on the flora all around us as Devon and I carefully negotiated our way on the bicycles through ginger patches and blooming orchids. An opening in the thick vegetation provided a stunning view of the blue waters of the Pacific Ocean, contrasting with the many shades of green. Overhead, colorful native birds fluttered about from tree to tree while singing their lovely melodies of joy. With a cool breeze in my face and the sun upon my back, this was island living at its very best.

These lush slopes on the southwestern side of the island harbored many miles of dirt track that eventually gave way to volcanic cinder road. Soon, the path was leading us up a hill that became quite arduous to pedal. Thus, Devon and I found ourselves walking the bicycles instead of riding them. I could have made it up this hill when I was younger.

"Does this trail lead to any particular place?"

"The cliffs are just up ahead," I told Devon in response. "I think that you will enjoy the view they offer."

"I don't doubt you," she commented. "I haven't found one thing about this island of yours that doesn't fascinate or astonish me. The mansion and all of the many gadgets you have in it, the beaches, the ocean, the forest ... everything. Everything! It's all fascinating."

"I am glad that you are enjoying your time here."

"Tell me about yourself," was her quiet request. "How long have you lived here on the island?"

"A long time, 16 years. Yeah ... really long time."

"And you have always stayed here by yourself?"

I nodded and replied, "Yes, pretty much. Louisa lives and works here with me, off and on, whenever I have company - whether that be you girls, my family or a good friend of mine named Kristanna. Remember? I mentioned her earlier during our hike. She left that message on the boulder."

"I remember," Devon countered, turning her head to look up at me. "Didn't you say that she was coming here, too?"

"Yes dear, she is. Hopefully sooner rather than later. She is having some sort of problem with her passport in her home country. Kristanna really helped me plan and set up everything here for you and the other girls. It is really killing her that she isn't here with us right now."

"I don't have to ask if she is pretty or not. With a name like that, she HAS to be pretty. Can I ask what type of name that is? Is it foreign? I really like that name."

"Yes, Kristanna is originally from Norway," I responded. "That is what the secret message was written in - Norwegian. Anyway, besides my family, she is the one who has visited me the most. I've known her for about four years now. As a matter of fact, Kristanna has actually visited me MORE times here on the island than my family has. Many more times. Keep in mind that it is a mighty, mighty long trip for her."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 3: Tour de Devon
Posted: May 31, 2012 - 06:34:44 pm


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Continuation...

"Where are you from, originally?" Devon wondered. "Me, I have spent my whole life in boring, old Pennsylvania."

"Ohio."

"Did you grow up in Ohio?"

"No," I answered, shaking my head. "Well, kind of. My father was transferred to New Jersey when I was in the seventh grade. So I was uprooted and lived there, with him and my mother, until I graduated from high school. Then he was transferred again, and we all moved to Los Angeles. After leaving home, I spent some time in Oregon on my own."

"You've lived on this island for 16 years, right? That means you were 22 when you moved here?"

"Yes. I bought this island from a private developer in April of 1996. It was just a big chunk of barren land back then. Some business associates of mine thought I should turn it into an exclusive, high-rent resort, but I had different ideas. I wanted it strictly for myself. I had the mansion and all of the other man-made things, such as the pool, rock fountains and athletic complex - along with everything else - built from scratch. This is all my idea."

Devon took a deep breath and smiled. "Let me say you did a wonderful job. How could you possibly afford everything?"

I smiled at her and replied, "Money is not an issue for me, dear. It hasn't been since I was 20."

"What happened when you were 20?"

"I really rather not go into any specifics about my money and career just yet," were my words. "I've learned over the years that money - especially lots of it - can ruin chances of a possible relationship. I rather get to know you first, Devon, and vice-versa, before talking about my money."

"I can live with that," she purred, placing the side of her face on my shoulder as we continued to walk our bicycles along the steep, narrow path. "A possible relationship, huh? Have you ever had the feeling, Jeremy, that someone was SO right for you?" The image of Pamela immediately popped into my mind - she was still technically my _number one_ - as Devon continued, "I mean ... so AMAZINGLY right?"

When the blonde increased her grip on my arm, my eyes suddenly went wide in response. I realized that Devon was talking about me! I was the someone who was so right for her? So amazingly right? My body tingled at the mere idea.

Devon had dropped a series of powerful hints concerning her feelings for me since the dinner reception last evening. First it was the unexpectant kiss on my cheek, followed by the bold proclamation that I was already her favorite. And today, she offered me another gentle kiss while complimenting me on the thorough job I had done in preparing the island for not only her, but all of the other female guests as well.

During our earlier hike to the waterfall - when all of the ladies tagged along - it seemed as if every single time that I looked at Devon, her eyes were trained solely on me. I even got the sense that she could not stop looking at me...

I was starting to piece the puzzle together. Did Devon feel the same way about me as I supposedly did about Pamela? Or, felt about Pamela immediately following our sexual encounter earlier this afternoon? Was she in love with me?

When it became quite obvious that I would not answer her question - if I ever had the feeling that someone was so amazingly right for me - Devon purred and snuggled her face even tighter on my arm. She seemed to be very happy being this close to me. I have to admit that I enjoyed being so close to her as well. Any normal man would be.

"Do you ever go to the beach in Pennsylvania?" I asked, wanting to break the silence between us. I could not think of anything else to say. Being so incredibly close to the ocean now, it was a good, safe statement on my part.

"Sometimes," she answered. "They are always so crowded when the weather is nice, though, so I usually just decide to stay away. Plus, I was always busy with work."

"Work can be a downer," I chuckled.

"I really don't like the beaches back home, anyway," she said. "The water is polluted, people are out in droves and, believe it or not, my body in a bikini seems to attract the guys. I get hit on every single time that I go there."

"NOOOOO!" I huffed, insinuating (in a playful tone) that she was lying to me. "You get hit on? Gee, I wonder why?"

Devon shook her head in an equally playful manner as we walked our bicycles up the pathway. Soon, the two of us would reach the cliffs overlooking the water. "I have become very picky and selective when it comes to guys as I have gotten older - especially after I broke up with my last boyfriend, Barrett. I am not going to allow myself to get involved with someone like him ever again. And to be honest, I have never really liked guys approaching me ... guys hitting on me. I like to be the instigator."

"You have obviously been the instigator with me."

Devon nodded her head. "Precisely. You meet all of the qualifications that I look for in a man, Jeremy. That is difficult to do because, as I said, I am really picky."

"Oh? What qualifications do you look for?"

Devon smiled. "I realized long ago that no one person - man or woman - is perfect, so what I look for is the right man for me. I want a man who is very honest and caring. I am honest myself, you know, so it has to work both ways. I also want a man to be very compassionate and romantic, kind, loving ... one who has a good sense of humor. Romance is VERY important to me. I also want a man who loves animals."

"This island is a zoo," I grinned, referring to all of the many pets that Kristanna and I cared for.

"It also helps if the man is incredibly sexy," Devon said in a peppy, cheerful voice, gaining my full attention in the process. I still thought of myself as a normal, ordinary man in terms of physical appearance and build. Living in solitude for 16 years can do that to you. Devon, however, thought I was _sexy_. I was temporarily speechless. Not only speechless, but my mind was drawing a blank as well.

"So ... you see, Jeremy? You meet up with all of my many qualifications. You are fun, charming, honest and sincere, very romantic. At least, you seem like a romantic. You are also very, very respectful, and I like that as well. And you are incredibly sexy, too!"

I shook my head in a vigorous manner. "I agree with you on your assessment of me, except for the very last part. I never thought that I was anything more than the average..."

"Believe it," Devon interjected, her blue eyes glowing with adoration, her voice sincere, as she looked over at me. "You are a sexy man." The 27-year-old goddess emphasized her point by grasping my right hand with her left as we continued walking our bicycles up the cinder trail. "Pamela thinks you are sexy, too. So does Lindsay, Trish, and especially Amy."

"They told you this?" I asked, stunned.

"We talk, Jeremy," she replied. "All of us girls talk. We kind of have a sorority thing going on here between us."

"You named everyone except for Camille..."

"Camille is still holding back for some reason," Devon informed me. "She is still not ready to put her faith and trust in you like the rest of us have. Camille still finds it difficult to believe that you are paying us all this money to come here and simply spend the summer with you." Devon shrugged her shoulders and added, "But she is coming around, though. Slowly but surely, Camille is coming around."

"Trish thinks that I am sexy, too?"

Devon nodded her head in response. "She certainly does."

"Trish has actually noticed me with Lindsay around?"

Devon giggled. "Trish likes you, Jeremy. I know that Trish is totally focused and zeroed-in on Lindsay, but the girl is not blind. Trish likes you a lot." Devon shrugged her shoulders and added, "I mean ... is there anything NOT to like about you? If there is, we haven't found it yet."

Suddenly feeling all warm and fuzzy inside, a wide smile came to my face and stayed there for several seconds. It felt wonderful to receive such an added boost of positive reinforcement about myself from a woman as beautiful and as charming as Devon. And the others (with the possible exception of Camille) felt the same way about me? That I was a good-looking and handsome man? Lindsay too?

"Well, you already know that I think you are incredibly sexy as well," I told Devon, running my thumb across the back of her fingers as we held hands. She smiled at me as I kept talking, "Everything about you is perfect."

"No one is perfect, Jeremy," Devon corrected me.

"You are."

Devon grinned, but shook her head. "One who looks for a soul-mate without faults will have none." My eyebrows raised at her insightful words. "That's an old saying, Jeremy. It means if you search for perfection and settle for nothing less, you will search forever and never find it. I realized that many years ago. No one is perfect." Devon rolled her head about in a dreamy fashion and gave me a quirky look. "But you are as close to perfection as I've found in a man."

Now feeling light-headed, with my heart fluttering and my spine tingling with emotion, I recounted Devon's kind words within my mind several times in succession. This was simply incredible to me. I look at how energized and alive that I felt right now compared to just two weeks ago, and there is no comparison. I owed all of it to these lovely ladies! Their mere presence was having a profound effect on me...

"Oh wow!..." Devon gushed, suddenly awestruck, as she dropped her bicycle and ran over to the edge of the cliff. We had finally reached our destination.

The awesome scenery and a kaleidoscope of landscapes atop this 3,218-foot windswept perch had, quite obviously, caught Devon's appreciative eyes. With clean air and the pristine ocean below, it was easy for Devon to drink in the freshness of panoramic views. Lush gulches and mountains extended in several directions, with the sheer, green cliff wall directly beneath her dropping into brilliant turquoise waters.

"Look!" Devon exclaimed, suddenly hopping about, as she pointed toward something off in the distance. "LOOK!"

"What is it?" I asked, rushing to her side.

"It's a Humpback Whale!" Still pointing, Devon soon began hopping again. "Oh look ... a baby whale, too! It must be a mommy whale and her baby!"

Devon was obviously excited - and for good reason. I stood beside her and admired the majestic sight of a mother Humpback and a lone calf thousands of feet below us, basking and gliding about just beneath the surface of the ocean.

Squealing with delight, Devon clapped her hands together when the larger whale sprang completely out of the water and arched its massive torso, then dove right in back head-first. The mother whale then floated upon its side and extended its pectoral fin skyward for several seconds, before traveling into the depths of the ocean and eventually disappearing. The younger whale, of course, followed its mother.

"Oh ... come back!" Devon whined, now clutching my wrists with both of her hands. "Please come back, mommy whale and baby whale! I want to watch you two play some more!"

"Probably just came up for a breath or two," I speculated. "It is strange to see a Humpback Whale in this part of the Pacific, though. Usually, they are in the waters between Hawaii and Alaska. Maybe those two strayed?"

"Awwwww..." Devon frowned, now resigned to the fact that the two whales were indeed gone. "Have you seen any other whales in the waters here over the years, Jeremy?"

"A couple of Humpbacks," I nodded. "Mostly, the ones around here are Blue, Southern Right and Sperm whales."

Devon was giggling. "SPERM WHALES? Are you serious?"

I caught onto her joke and was laughing as well. "Yes, Sperm whales. I'm not making that up." I offered her a peculiar look. "You've never heard of Sperm whales?"

She shook her head. "No, I sure haven't. You're not kidding, huh? Do you know where they get their name from?"

"I think they produce some sort of wax substance which comes out of their blowhole," was my best guess. "I am sure that you have read _Moby Dick_, right?" She nodded as I added, "_Moby Dick_, in the book, was a Sperm whale."

"I haven't read that book since I was like nine or ten," Devon countered. "Back then, I had no reason to think anything of the term SPERM whale. Otherwise, I am certain that I would have remembered it." She giggled again. "It makes sense, though. _Moby Dick_ being a Sperm whale ... dick, sperm ... get it?"

"Don't go getting naughty on me now," I grinned. When Devon took her bicycling helmet off and tossed it to the ground, I smiled at her again. "You like the views atop this cliff, huh? It will be dark soon, but we can find our way back to the mansion quite easy regardless. I know every inch of this island. Want to stay here for a while?"

"If you don't mind."

"Not at all. Not at all..." I retrieved Devon's water bottle from her bicycle and gave it to her. As she took a healthy swig, I reached out and grasped her free hand. "You have to admit something, dear."

"What's that?"

"This island sure beats living in Pennsylvania."

Devon laughed. "Or anywhere else!" She gazed out at the tropical paradise before her. "This place is like a dream. It's like a postcard come to life."

I bravely slid behind Devon and wrapped both of my arms around her waistline. I offered her a little squeeze and placed my chin on the top of her right shoulder. "You are what is like a dream, Devon. Not this island ... but you."

Instead of replying verbally, Devon simply let out a content, pleasurable moan and covered both of my hands at her stomach with her own. As she gazed out at the ocean, I planted a series of angel kisses on the exposed portion of her neck. Devon wiggled her hips for a brief moment, then jutted her shapely ass onto my pelvis in a playful manner. That subtle move caused my cock to twitch with excitement.

Glancing over her shoulder at me, Devon reached back with her left hand and gently massaged my shaft through the shorts that I had on. Giggling again, Devon pecked the tip of my nose with a kiss. "The best part of this island, Jeremy, is you." She shook her and then cooed, "Without a doubt."

I placed one hand on her hip and the other across her left breast, cupping and kneading it through the skin-tight yellow top which she wore. "You're so gorgeous..."

Still looking over her shoulder at me, I sought Devon's lips with my own and the two of us shared a very deep and slow-moving, languid kiss. When it was over, I peppered various spots, including her eyes, eyebrows, nose, cheeks and forehead with a series of light, loving kisses. Soon, my right hand slid upward and found a big, luscious breast. It joined my left hand as I now eagerly groped and mauled Devon's breasts. I could definitely get used to this.

I released my grip on Devon's body when she began to wiggle and squirm about. Gazing directly into my eyes, the 27-year-old enchantress then latched her hand onto my wrist and slowly guided me away from the edge of the cliff. Soon, she removed her bicycling gloves and tossed them elsewhere. Her water bottle was now a distant memory, too.

I gulped my throat and sighed with pure arousal as Devon closed the distance between us and pressed her awesome body against mine in a suggestive manner. Next a growl emanated from me as Devon once again found the pulsating lump in my shorts with her right hand. She immediately began stroking.

"I want you, Jeremy," the gorgeous vixen purred, her voice soft and sensuous. "I want you right now."

Devon paused for a moment, her eyes trained on my face, then pressed her lips to mine and kissed me in the most tender of fashions. Yet within my body, it felt as if a series of earthquakes and subsequent aftershocks were taking place. I was attracted to Devon so very much! I wanted to luxuriate and revel in that remarkable body of hers. God, I said inwardly. Her mouth tasted wonderful through our kiss.

"Hmmmmm..." Devon moaned, grinning, withdrawing her lips from mine for a brief second. She heightened the intensity on my cock, however, gripping and squeezing it roughly through the pair of cargo shorts that I wore.

She offered me another kiss, then pulled back and studied my face for a moment. I am quite positive that Devon saw a look of unequaled lust in my eyes. She must have enjoyed it, too, because her lips were soon kissing mine again.

"Oh God..." I groaned against our kiss, as she unbuttoned my shorts and dug her right hand down deep into them. A sudden rush of pleasure vibrated throughout my body as Devon then slid that hand into my briefs, and found the naked flesh of my throbbing cock. Devon busily frigged it while slipping her warm, soft tongue into my mouth for a taste.

With her left hand, Devon grasped my right and pulled it toward one of her large, heavenly breasts. She placed my hand on it and offered a soft nudge, which instinctively caused me to cup and squeeze the full mound of flesh.

"Hmmmmm ... that's it," Devon encouraged me. "Touch me, Jeremy." She rolled her head in circles and added, "You like touching me there? Do you like touching my breasts?"

"God, yes!" I growled in response, my eyes wide and glazed over with total passion. "I love every single inch of you!"

My senses were alive with emotion and desire. I wanted to sink myself into this woman so bad, and become lost in her. Just completely lost in her - and never find my way out. Everything about Devon seemed like a total fantasy to me. A fantasy that I never wanted to end!

After another loving, tongue-filled kiss, Devon took a step back and offered me a playful smile. She then pecked my cheek with her lips and slinked her way down to my neck. Shivers resulted as she nibbled on the sensitive skin of my neck, her hand still frigging my erection. My hand, however, seemed to lose contact with her large breast.

Then, I growled like a madman as Devon slowly but surely dropped to her knees in front of me. She reached upward and placed her right hand on my chest, then trailed it all the way down to my waist in a very teasing, sensuous manner.

"I've been waiting for this very moment to happen ever since I first saw you," Devon swooned. She pulled my shaft out of my shorts and allowed it to wobble about in front of her adoring eyes. "I want to suck your cock so bad."

"Oh God..." I moaned, as Devon latched onto my shaft with her right hand and squeezed it firmly.

"I've never needed anyone in my life more than I need you right now," she added, an instant before opening her mouth and literally swallowing the full length of my cock into it. "You sexy thing..." I tossed my head back and moaned wildly as, after those words from Devon, she bobbed back-and-forth on my aching member, her delicate, savory tongue and mouth working my entire body into a hot, delirious frenzy.

Perched on her knees atop this high-steeped cliff with panoramic views in every direction, Devon was absolutely ravenous and insatiable - her lush, velvety mouth gliding back-and-forth on my erection as if this were her first meal in days. Devon was like a wild animal!

Sounds of pure passion and hunger were coming from deep within her throat as her blonde head continued on with its wicked, non-stop bobbing motion. Soon, I had to take a step back and lean against my propped-up bicycle. Without its support, I may have toppled over. There were many emotions running throughout my body at this moment in time. The only reason for that, of course, was because I was with Devon.

The young woman gripped the base of my shaft with her right hand and squeezed it roughly, her pretty eyes flashing with burning desire as she withdrew my aching length from the confines of her mouth. Devon looked up at me and smiled warmly. Now, Devon seemed to realize that she had me curled around her finger. My body was about to burst in flames.

"Oh yeah," Devon grinned, her hand now a blur as she frigged my erection. "Are you gonna cum for me, big boy? Are you gonna shoot it all over my face? Yes! Cum for me! Come on, Jeremy ... cum for me. Cum all over my face!"

"OHHHHH!" I roared out in arousal, as the first jet of thick, gooey sperm erupted from within my shaft and landed across Devon's forehead. The second quickly followed, hitting her square in the nose. Devon then took my cock back into her mouth and sucked on it fiercely, coaxing the third and fourth explosions out in rapid-fire succession. It all happened so fast, but was thoroughly satisfying.

"Hmmmmm," Devon growled, her lips still wrapped tightly around my shaft, as she squeezed every last ounce of sperm out of it with her hand. Finally, Devon withdrew my cock from her mouth and offered me yet another winning smile.

The gobs of semen I had sprayed all over Devon's face had saturated it completely. Her face was covered with my wet, sticky juices, and she obviously enjoyed the feeling. I had _NEVER_ seen a woman look quite this happy and vibrant because of something that I did for (or to) her. She was _definitely_ floating high in the clouds right now.

Devon then displayed her playful, teasing side yet again, this time slowly but surely lifting her little yellow top up, and over her head, before twirling it about with her hand and then tossing it to the side. Now topless, she smiled at me once again while saying, "Isn't this fun, Jeremy?"

My eyes went wide and I nodded in response, but chose not to say anything as I gazed down at her. _LOOK AT THAT BODY_. That was now my only thought. That awesome body would look real nice nestled all snug and tight against me every night for the rest of my life. In my bed ... as my wife. _YES_!

I moaned yet again as Devon soon slid her yellow shorts down her shapely hips and thighs, and eventually off. Her white G-string came next, and now this wicked vixen stood before me in nothing more than a pair of athletic sneakers.

Devon had the enticing curves of a centerfold, which was quite fitting, because she could easily pose as one if the idea ever interested her. If you combine that body of hers to her angelic face, with its high cheekbones, lush mouth and truly hypnotic eyes, the end result would be a pure visual aphrodisiac. Devon was a work of sculpted art.

Even more importantly than that, however, Devon obviously felt a deep attraction for me as well. I harbored similar feelings for her. How come it took us so long to meet up with one another? How come I wasted away for so many years in total isolation on this island, while Devon - who seemed to be an ideal match for me - was out there in the world? She had been waiting for me to rescue her from a bad job and unfulfilling life. Those thoughts flashed throughout my mind in this very wild moment of unadulterated passion. How come I did not meet Devon ten years ago? How come we weren't married with screaming children running around the house?

Devon nodded her head at me and said, "I know what I want, Jeremy, and you're gonna give it to me." She then rose to her feet and turned her back to me.

Now glancing over her shoulder one more time, Devon bent over ever-so-slightly at the waist, jutting her magnificent ass outward. She twitched her hips seductively, flaunting that ass for my appreciative eyes, and spoke in her most sultry, sexy tone, "Fuck me, Jeremy."

A tremendous amount of life and energy suddenly forged its way into my cock. It was as if my shaft was a balloon, and it was being pumped full of air by a helium machine. Devon's words and actions were the primary reason for that, too. In fact, they were the sole reason.

"Fuck me, Jeremy," the blonde purred, still glancing over her shoulder at me, her hips rolling and undulating in a slow, sizzling manner. "Come on ... fuck me. Put your cock in my pussy. Pound me with your cock! Do it! DO IT NOW!"

That was it.

With an animalistic growl, I stepped forward and latched onto Devon's hips with both hands, then thrusted my cock hard and fast into the silken depths of her little pussy. Devon tensed up for a brief moment, then placed both hands onto her kneecaps and held on tight, using them for support, before glancing over her shoulder at me yet again.

"Fuck me, Jeremy!" she demanded. "FUCK ME NOW!"

I did not need any further coaxing. My hips were already a blur as I hammered myself in-and-out of Devon at a very powerful, blazing rate of speed. And almost on cue, Devon began with a verbal tirade very similar to the one Pamela used earlier today while having sex with me in the library.

"GOD, YES! YES! Fuck me! Fuck me! HMMMMM ... pound me with that big cock! Hurt me with it, Jeremy! Yes! FUCK YES! OH GOD YES, FUCK ME! FUCK ME, JEREMY! FUCK ME!"

My whole body was seemingly in a different reality as I drilled Devon with every last ounce of strength I could muster. I could not believe, at this time at least, how I could have possibly survived without luxuriating in this voluptuous body of hers for as long as I had. How could I have lived 38 years without this woman in my life? Things would be so much better if we met each other long ago.

"HMMMMM ... FEELS SO GOOD!" Devon continued, her loud cries and screams literally echoing throughout the forest. "FEELS SO GOOD! YES! YES! FUCK ME! OH FUCK YES, THIS IS WHAT I NEED! FUCK ME, JEREMY! YES! FUCK ME!"

The sound my pelvis made as it crashed hard into Devon's upturned ass with every forward stroke was violent, and almost scary. I was certain that I had never used such excessive force on a woman before. Not Pamela, not Amy, not even my good friend, Kristanna. I was not afraid of hurting Devon, though. This is what she wanted from me. It would be safe to assume that she probably wanted more.

Of course, we were in the most naughty of positions, too. Devon's legs were widespread and she was bent at the waist, holding onto her knees, as I battered into her from behind. I was glad that we had this type of privacy...

"You know what, Jeremy?" Devon asked, her voice now low and controlled, yet still tented with erotic passion. "I don't OHHHHH ... I don't ... I don't need any man in my life except you! I don't WANT any man at all except YOU!"

In response to those words, my body received a new, even greater burst of energy. Where it came from, I do not know. But as a result, Devon was the beneficiary.

"OH GOD, JEREMY! THAT FEELS SO GOOD! OH FUCK ... YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME CUM! FUCK ... YOU'RE GONNA MAKE ME _CUMMMMM_!"

My breathing ragged, it felt as if my body was going to spontaneously combust. My head literally in the clouds, I gave Devon everything I possibly could in terms of power and effort. It was only a matter of seconds before her words proved to be prophetic. Devon screamed out in a wild, very intense orgasm, while I lost grip of my own self-control.

The action hit its fever pitch once I pistoned my cock into her swollen, little pussy one final time. An instant later, I roared out - screaming at the top of my lungs - while depositing a fresh batch of sperm into the blonde's exquisite pussy. I pumped my thick seed into her womb for several seconds, while both of us continually rocked and rumbled together in the throes of sweet orgasm and release. Again, how could I have lived without Devon for so long? She was everything that I had ever fantasized about...

Before I knew what happened next, Devon had dislodged her pussy from my shaft and dutifully dropped to her knees. She then swallowed my cock whole, and began to milk whatever juices remained in it down her hungry, greedy throat.

The young woman then wrapped both arms around my waist and held on tight even as I took a few steps back, just so I could lean upon my bicycle once again. Her mouth, of course, never released its warm, slippery grip on my relieved shaft.

I then took a deep breath and sighed in pure satisfaction, while glancing downward and admiring Devon's blonde head as she still slurped away at my cock. I touched her head and caressed it with my right hand, which caused her to look up at me with an overwhelming sense of devotion in her eyes.

"We should call you _SPERM WHALE_ from now on, Jeremy!" Devon snickered, a thick, gooey strand of jizz dangling from her chin in a very nasty, obscene manner. "Big sperm whale!"

"How about we call you _mommy whale_ from now on?" was my breathless suggestion. "I will be the _daddy whale_."

"HMMMMM..." she groaned in response.

As Devon swallowed my deflated shaft and began working it over with her mouth once again, all of a sudden, my whole body felt numb. My legs gave out from underneath me, and I collapsed into a seated position on the ground.

Sighing contently, I reached out with my right hand and caressed the crown of Devon's head. Her mouth still full of my cock, she made eye contact with me and smiled. My heart vibrated within my chest as I proclaimed, "You are one incredible woman, Miss Devon. Simply incredible."

Giggling, Devon released my cock from the clutches of her mouth and then took a seat in my lap. She aligned her sperm-soaked face with my own, then offered me yet another glittering smile. Her eyes were so serene, so peaceful...

I got the overwhelming sense that Devon was in love with me. I do not know why, but it was pretty obvious. A woman who was not only drop-dead gorgeous, but also so very sweet and kind-hearted was madly in love with me. Me? Me? It made no sense to me whatsoever. She was in love with _ME_?

Yet for my entire life, I had dreamed and fantasized about finding a woman who would have such genuine, pure thoughts for me. All I ever wanted was to get married, have a couple of children and grow old with my wife, while using our love as an unbreakable foundation for a life-long relationship. Even as a teen-ager growing up, I wanted to be married by the age of 18. It was ... the _ultimate_ for me.

The great majority of women throughout my adult life did not even want to truly love or care about me. They were far too interested in my billion-dollar empire than the person that I was inside. For most of the women I had known, they looked at me as a free ride through life. Sad, but true.

Yet Devon seemed to be someone who did have those genuine, pure thoughts for me. What did it matter that she and I met a little more than 24 hours ago? Love does not make always make sense, or come across with logic. Love can be crazy and unpredictable. But it is the greatest feeling in the whole, wide world when you experience it. Yes, it is.

Although Devon seemed to be my absolute _dream woman_ in every sense of the imagination, I found myself fighting the urge to anoint her as my unquestioned favorite of all of the ladies. I wanted to take another step back before coming to that all-important final decision. I still had these six weeks on the island with the entire group intact, so there was no need to rush things. Whomever I ultimately chose as my favorite - and hopefully my bride-to-be - I wanted to be _absolutely_ certain that she was the right girl for me.

"I know what _I_ want, dear Jeremy," Devon swooned, still smiling brightly, as she wrapped her arms around my neck and shoulders. Nestled on my lap, I slid my arms around Devon as she added, "I want us to stay right here - holding each other - for the rest of our lives. Hmmmmm, this is Heaven!"

How could I possibly choose anyone other than Devon?...


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | Next

Chapter 4
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 4: Burlesque
Posted: June 03, 2012 - 07:51:04 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Dear Applicant,

Thank you for your interest in Project: Island Fever. My name is Jeremy and, as the overseer of this program, I am extremely pleased that you would like more information on spending six weeks of your life with me on the island that I call home in the South Pacific. To begin the application process, I respectfully request that you fill out the basic information sheet that you see below and mail it back to me by no later than December 31, 2011. If there are any questions that you prefer not to answer (or do not know the answer to), you may simply leave them blank.

Once your basic information sheet is received, it will be evaluated and reviewed and, if it meets certain criteria, you will receive a more detailed application and accompanying questionnaire in the mail by no later than January 21, 2012.

If you are one of the (only) six women who are ultimately chosen to take part in Project: Island Fever, you will be compensated for your time, effort and energy at no less than $100,000 USD. Much more information concerning compensation and what will be expected of you is available in the 19 page booklet that was also included in this mailing.

If, for whatever reason, you are no longer interested in taking part in this project, simply discard this letter and do not respond. You will not be contacted/bothered again. I hope that you are interested, though, and that you take the time to fill out the following information sheet and send it back to me at the return address listed on the previous page. Remember, the deadline date is December 31, 2011!

Thank you -- Jeremy [Last Name]

Please answer the questions below in your own words:

FULL NAME: Devon Marie [Last Name]
ADDRESS: [Street Address]
[City Name], PA [Zip Code]
HOME TELEPHONE: (835)xxx-xxxx
CELL TELEPHONE: (835)xxx-xxxx
BIRTHDATE: 3/28/1985 ZODIAC SIGN: Aries
WHERE BORN: Allentown, PA
FATHER NAME: Dennis
MOTHER NAME: Madeline
BROTHERS AND SISTERS, NAMES AND AGES:
Patricia - 30, Michael - 24, Seth - 22
PETS - WHAT KINDS AND NAMES:
Three cats (Gizmo, Sassy and Jasmine)
And a baby kitten - named BOO
HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATE?: Yes
DID/ARE YOU ATTEND/ING COLLEGE?: Yes
IF YES, WHERE?: Kutztown University (Kutztown, PA)
ARE YOU STILL ATTENDING?: No
DID YOU GRADUATE?: Yes (2007)
COLLEGE DEGREE?: Yes - in Project Management
EMPLOYED AS: Project Manager
EMPLOYED WHERE: [Company Name] in Laureldale, PA
LENGTH OF EMPLOYMENT: Five years
MOST PREVIOUS JOB (IF ANY): Department store clerk

-- PERSONAL STATISTICS --

HEIGHT: 5-3 COLOR HAIR: Blonde
WEIGHT: 105 COLOR EYES: Blue
SHIRT SIZE: Small
DRESS SIZE: Small
TROUSER, IN-SEAM:
SHOE SIZE: 6-1/2
MEASUREMENTS: 34D-22-32
RING SIZE:

-- FAVORITES --

ACTOR: Brad Pitt
ACTRESS: Sarah Michelle Gellar
SINGER: Richard Marx
FOOD: French fries and burritos
CITY: New York
COUNTRY (OTHER THAN USA):
ANIMAL: Cat
FLOWER: Ginger
CAR: Porsche 911 Cabriolet Carrera convertible
TV SHOW: The X-Files
MOVIE: 9-1/2 Weeks
PERFUME: Giorgio COLOR: Hot Pink
STYLE OF CLOTHES: Tight, cute, sexy
FAVORITE EVENING ON THE TOWN (DESCRIBE IN DETAIL):

I like to get dressed up and have dinner at a nice restaurant that takes a long time. Curling up with my man on the sofa and watching an old horror movie would be the perfect capper for the evening.

WHAT QUALITIES DO YOU LOOK FOR IN A MALE/FEMALE?:

Honesty, responsibility, good looks, nice build and very loving.

DESCRIBE YOUR CURRENT FANTASY IN DETAIL:

I want to be a Playboy centerfold or a Penthouse Pet! j/k! Honestly, my fantasy is to meet the perfect man, fall madly in love with him and get married and eventually have a big, happy family. MOST EMBARRASSING MOMENT:

Accidentally losing my bikini top while swimming at a public beach ... OOOPS! LIST SOME PREFERRED HOBBIES:

Dancing, jet and snow skiing, swimming, bicycling, rollerblading, listening to music

PLEASE GIVE A BRIEF SUMMARY OF YOURSELF AS A PERSON:

I am a very friendly and outgoing person. I enjoy meeting new people and I treat anyone who is good to me like pure gold. I love life in general and want the world to be a very happy and peaceful place. My ultimate dream is to always be happy and have a wonderful family of my own someday soon!

Ever since the time I had spent with her last evening at the cliffs overlooking the ocean, Devon was at the front and center of my mind. The mere thought of her - and the many, wondrous possibilities that may lie ahead for us if we indeed chose to pursue a relationship - had overtaken my senses. And why not? Everything about Devon seemed so very special.

The time was 8:39am on this luxurious Wednesday morning when I found myself seated at the computer terminal here within the sanctuary of my private suite. I could not stop thinking about Devon. I wanted to know more about her. I wanted to know everything there was to know about Devon.

Thus, I had brought up a scanned image of the very first questionnaire Devon had filled out when inquiring about the island last year. Her cursive handwriting and its letters were big, round and bubbled, and very appealing to my eyes. I had read not only Devon's, but the questionnaires for all six of the ladies here on the island hundreds of times over the past six months. I never grew tired of them.

I still found it difficult to believe that a woman so very heavenly and radiant - like Devon most certainly was - could have such a sudden interest in a normal, ordinary man like me. Even more surprising was the simple fact that Devon seemed to be extremely straightforward and direct with those feelings. She was not afraid to pull any punches.

Never once had I thought of myself as a very desirable person in any sense of the imagination. Why would a woman such as Devon - who could literally have her choice of anyone - want to be with me? It did not make sense to me.

Or perhaps I should give myself a little more credit? Maybe, but the many years of solitude here on the island had dulled and jaded my senses - as well as my confidence - beyond all reasonable proportions. No one could spend 16 years on a remote island with minimal contact from the rest of civilization - like I have - and not feel the way I do. I have my reasons for shielding myself from others.

Still, it was time for me to accept the fact that Devon did harbor some very true and bona-fide feelings for me. I still may not understand why, but maybe I should not even concern myself with such negative thoughts anymore. The fact of the matter was that Devon already loved me.

Isn't that what I have wanted throughout my entire life? Ever since Victoria, my ex-fiancee, left me standing at the altar some 18 years ago (and shattered the person that I am inside as a result), I have yearned for someone to share my life with. Could that someone turn out to be Devon?

Telling someone (or blatantly insinuating, as Devon had) that you love them just a day or two after meeting for the first time probably would not be the smartest thing to do. However, I saw nothing wrong with having such feelings, even at an early relationship stage. I have certainly felt that way about others in the past. That is strictly my opinion, of course. Others may feel differently.

The flip-side of Devon, of course, was Pamela. Did Pamela have those same type of feelings for me? Was Pamela in love with me, too? Certainly, Pamela was the one woman of the entire group whom I had focused the most amount of energy and attention on thus far. Pamela was still my favorite (if I allowed myself to have one), but Devon was a close second.

Of course, I was not discounting Amy, either. Perhaps she had feelings for me as well? I certainly had feelings for Amy two nights ago, when she showed up at my door in her little blouse and miniskirt, and those awesome high-heels, and proceeded to tease me into bed like no woman ever had before. There was certainly good vibrations between Amy and yours truly yesterday morning when I was holding hands with her as we made our way to the breakfast table. At that moment, at least, we could have continued walking right to a wedding chapel, and I would have been forever happy.

Lindsay? The emotion and the sheer, physical desire I felt for Lindsay was quickly careening out of control. Though I was more than twice her age (what a pain it is for me to admit that), could I envision myself one day settling down with Lindsay and having a family with her?

What about Trish? Trish had been my favorite even before I met any of the ladies face-to-face. The conversations we shared together through various forms of chat (telephone, video, even text clients) always seemed to brighten my day in the time leading up to the ladies' arrival here on the island. Trish always seemed so peppy and lively, and nothing but raw, positive energy literally oozed from her.

She was, for all intents and purposes, the exact opposite of me. Or, in other terms, this Maple Leaf beauty from Toronto was the type of person that I wanted to be. Others naturally gravitated toward Trish, even if they did not have the privilege of knowing her first. Her amicable, friendly demeanor drew me to her like a magnet. What better way for me to improve my general outlook on life than by aligning myself with the pure definition of zest and spirit? Trish seemed like the ideal match for me in every sense of the imagination, though our time together thus far been limited.

Yes, there is a point I am trying to make with all of this rambling. This was just the ladies' third day on the island. They would be here for a total of 42 days. Thus, there was a voice inside my head asking me if I had jumped the gun, so to speak, a little too soon. Was it really smart to anoint any of these women as my hopeful bride just yet?

All of them (Camille included) had traits and qualities that were near and dear to my heart. Devon even stated last evening that each of them (sans Camille) was attracted to me in some form or another. And who knows? As strange and as unpredictable as my life has been thus far, perhaps Camille would ultimately turn out to be the one for me?

So, I came to the sudden conclusion that I was going to try and harness my emotions toward all of these girls - if just for a week or two. Oh, I would still get excited and rambunctious in their presence. I may even make myself look like a fool with the things I say or do in front of them. I would most certainly come across as too straightforward and rigid in certain circumstances.

However, I was going to try my absolute best to refrain from hearing the wedding bells jingle in my head every single time after I had sex with one of these ladies. It was not healthy for me and, of much greater importance, it was not fair for me to give them any false pretenses.

My thoughts of over-analyzation were interrupted as a gentle knock came to the front door of my private bedroom. My shaft began to rustle about within my shorts as I wondered which of the ladies had decided to pay me an early morning visit. Could it be Amy? Perhaps a repeat of Monday night was in order? Did Amy require some more hard loving? If so, I was certainly more than willing to lend a helping hand.

As things turned out, it was not Amy. That was not a bad thing, mind you, considering the person standing on the opposite side of the entranceway once I opened the door was none other than the vivacious and alluring Devon.

Adorned in a classy, loose-fitting summer dress that went all the way down to mid-calf, Devon's blue eyes flashed as she offered me a friendly smile. The dress that she wore was a predominantly dark color, but had decorative, flower-print designs all over it. Devon looked absolutely beautiful.

"Hi stranger!"

"Why, hello Devon," I said in response. "What do I owe the pleasure of your company to this morning?" I looked at my wristwatch and noticed that it was 8:46am. Less than eight hours ago, Devon and I finally made our way back to the mansion after the bicycle ride that eventually turned into an after-hours hike. Of course, I could not forget the rip-roaring sexual encounter we shared in-between.

Devon clutched both hands together at her stomach and looked down for an instant, while twirling a sandal-clad foot about upon the carpet. She then made eye contact with me and proclaimed, "I had a really fun time with you last night, Jeremy. I just ... I just wanted you to know that. I haven't had so much fun in a long, long time."

I smiled at her. "It sure was an incredible evening. I had a wonderful time with you as well."

Devon stepped closer and wrapped both arms around my body in a friendly, leisurely manner. She placed the side of her face upon my chest and held it there for several seconds, perhaps listening to the sound of my heartbeat. "I should have took you up on your offer last night, too."

"Oh?" I countered, my hands now on her shoulders.

Devon ended the embrace and looked directly up at me. "I should have spent the night with you here, in your room."

"There is always other nights," I assured her.

She shook her head and murmured, "I was thinking Camille would have been awake, waiting for me, in our guest room. She knew that I wanted to go out and do something with you last night. I was positive that she would have been there waiting ... wanting to know what happened between us." Devon paused for a moment, then continued, "That wasn't the case at all. Instead of Camille, I found Pamela in my room."

"Pamela?" I said, confused. "What was she doing there?"

Devon giggled. "Apparently, the story goes that Amy and Camille began drinking last night and got really, really tipsy and light-headed. They started making out with each other and were soon having wild, passionate sex. Because they were drunk, Pamela wanted no part of it. She left them in her and Amy's room, then snuck into the room I share with Camille and tried to get some sleep." Devon snickered again and added, "Pamela claimed that the sounds and screams each of them made kept her awake for more than an hour. In fact, Pamela said, things had just settled down between Amy and Camille about ten minutes before I showed up. So ... long story short, I shared a room with Pamela last evening."

"Did you two ... talk at all?"

Devon nodded her head. "For a bit, yes. I told her that you and I wound up going on a date, among other things."

"Oh? What did she have to say about that?" The possible answer to that question worried me, and for good reason. Early that afternoon, Pamela and I had sex together in the library. We were making promises and insinuations of true commitment to each other all throughout. Hours later, Pamela learned, I was having sex with Devon underneath the brilliant fusion of the setting sun at dusk. Indeed, what was Pamela's response to that little tidbit of information?

"She really didn't have anything to say," Devon replied. "I told her that we went on a bike ride. One thing led to another, I told her, and you and I wound up having sex." Devon snickered in a playful manner and added, "She did seem a bit jealous. I bet Pamela wishes that that it was her with you, instead of me."

"Jealous, huh?" Hmmmmm. I wondered if Pamela would be angry at me. Would there be any sort of resentment? This was why I had to curb my emotions in relation to the ladies somewhat. I could not start envisioning my future bride every time I stuck my cock into one of them. Nor could I talk and strongly hint at the possibilities with them. It was not fair. I had, in essence, led Pamela on.

"What about Lindsay and Trish?" Ahhhhh yes, Lindsay ... my sweet, little, wholesome, virgin girl. I was curious what her and her room-mate, Trish, had been up to. "Do you know if they did anything ... special ... last night?"

Devon shrugged her shoulders. "I don't think so. Pamela told me that Lindsay was still feeling a bit of jet-lag from the airline flight here. She said that Lindsay went to bed around 9:45 or so. I guess Trish called it a night shortly thereafter. Both of them were fast asleep when I peeked in on them around two o'clock in the morning."

Concerned, I found myself lost in thought for a moment or two. "If Lindsay isn't feeling better today, I am going to talk to a doctor friend of mine over in Peru and get her some specialized medication express delivered here."

"I think she will be fine," Devon offered. "It was her first time ever on an airplane. All she needs is time. I bet Lindsay will feel a million times better today."

"Let's hope so," I sighed.

"How was your night?" Devon inquired, her blue eyes again flashing. My God, her eyes were so pretty...

"It'd been much better if you were here to spend it with me, sweetheart. Instead, I had to spend it all alone."

Devon reached out and placed her right hand upon my chest and even offered a tiny pout to boot. "Oh, you poor baby."

I chuckled at her response. "Heh ... I was alright. I was so tired that I probably fell asleep 30 seconds after laying down on the mattress. I woke up... 20 minutes ago?"

Her hand still upon my chest, I grasped it with one of my own and brought it to my lips for a gentle, whispery kiss. Those amazing eyes of hers were just beaming with delight. Devon looked so much at peace, so at ease, right now.

"Mind if I hang out with you for a bit before breakfast?" was her simple request. "It's not even nine o'clock yet, and breakfast isn't until ten."

"It would be my pleasure," I answered, stepping aside and motioning with my free hand for her to come into the suite.

Devon strolled into the room and took a seat in a wicker chair near the big bed. "You told me a little about your past and your family last night, Jeremy. Tell me more?"

"Ask me a specific question, and I will answer it." I sat down next to her and asked, "What do you want to know?"

Devon thought things over for a brief moment, then nodded her head. "Talk to me about your dad, your mom..."

"My father is age 73 and lives in Los Angeles with his girlfriend," I began. "He is in really good shape and wants to keep working, even though I wish he would have retired a couple of years ago so he could relax for a bit. He says he will keep working until his employer forces him to retire. He is the inventory manager for an automobile parts depot in California. He and my mother, who lives in Ohio, have been separated for 14 years. They got married in 1959. My mom was with him for so long that she does not want anyone new in her life. You cannot blame her for that. She is 71 and unlike my father, has a lot of physical problems."

"Like what?"

"Nothing life-threatening, thank God," I answered. "Just the wear and tear of 71 years. And the fact that she never had a job, never got any exercise. I know she takes like eight or nine different types of medicine every single day."

"Pamela was saying that you have brothers and sisters..."

"Two brothers and one sister," I corrected her. "Dan, my oldest brother, is married and lives in Ohio with his wife and their adopted daughter, Hope. Dan had cancer back in 1995, and it zapped his body of any chance to have kids. So they turned to adoption and got Hope nine-plus years ago."

"I have a friend back home in Pennsylvania who adopted a little boy," Devon offered. "He is so cute!"

"Hope, their daughter, came from a really bad situation before my brother and his wife took her in."

"How so?"

"Her biological mother, who lived in Cleveland, I guess, wanted nothing to do with her. When she was an infant, her mother would go out and do her thing - whatever it was - and leave Hope unattended on the sofa all day long."

Suddenly, Devon was about to cry. "THAT'S AWFUL!"

"The biological mother was a drug addict, an alcoholic. She was totally unfit to be a parent. At six months old, Hope was in the hospital. She had no muscular development whatsoever. Hope just laid there, limp. The state stepped in and took her away. Dan and Susan adopted her when she was 22 months old. At that time, she was more than a year behind than most babies. Hope could barely walk and knew little, if any, words. It was like she was nine months old."

Devon did not seem all that enthused. Who wanted to be told specifics about a neglected child? However, there was a light at the end of this tunnel. So, I forged on.

"My brother and his wife have taken wonderful care of her. I visited Ohio when they first got custody of her. Eight months later, I went back for the adoption hearing in court. It was like night and day. Hope was running and bouncing about, all happy and giggling, communicating. They have been a Godsend for her. She couldn't be in a better situation."

"Still, Hope has lingering problems," I continued. "She has balance and sensory issues. She just turned 11, and had training wheels on her bicycle until last summer. That was five years' worth of training wheels, so that may give you an idea of her balance problems. And for whatever reason, the girl is scared of soap and shampoo. She throws an absolute fit when it is bath-time. The local school board evaluated her, though, and let her go into general classes with all of the other kids. She didn't have to take special education courses. I need to get up there and visit my family again."

"It's great that Hope has a good home now," Devon mused. "What about your other brother, and your sister?"

"Dan is age 48. My sister, Di, is age 51, and my other brother, Steve, is 47. Di still lives in Ohio, just like Dan. She is married and has three children - Tommy, who is 22 and already married himself, Chelsea, age 21 and Jeff, who is 17. Steve, on the other hand ... he lives in Kentucky with his wife, and their two daughters. The oldest is named Stephanie, who is 13. Their other daughter, Autumn, is age nine. Steve has been in a lot of trouble with the law ever since he was a teen-ager. He got involved with a bad crowd when he was in high school, and never recovered."

"Has he been to jail?"

I frowned. "Yes, several times. I know Steve got into a fight with some guy over some girl many years ago, and beat him up bad. He went to jail for that. I also know when he was younger, Steve and a bunch of his friends stole a car and took it down to the river, then blew it up. They thought that was funny, and it landed him in jail too. He has really been in trouble a countless number of times. I was a kid - age five - when he first got into trouble, and my parents tried to shield me from that. So I don't know everything."

"Why did he blow up a car?"

I shrugged my shoulders. "As I said, I guess Steve and his friends thought it was funny. A policeman was driving by at the time, though, and saw it happen. All of them were arrested on the spot. That was many, many years ago."

"Steve sounds like the complete opposite of you, Jeremy," Devon said. "I could never imagine you doing anything bad." She paused and added, "Your whole family, except for your father, lives in Ohio. Steve is from Kentucky, right? I am guessing all of them are from the general Cincinnati area. Why aren't you there with them? You're 5.000 miles away."

The thought of Victoria - my ex-fiancee - went dashing throughout my mind as I pouted again. "I have my reasons." Knowing that I wanted to keep our conversation positive, I decided to change the subject rather abruptly by saying, "What about you, Devon? Tell me about your family."

This time, it was Devon's turn to frown. "There isn't much to tell, really. I moved out of the house at an early age because it seemed as if my mom and dad did not want me in their lives anymore. Over the years, it got to the point where I would only see them during birthdays and holidays. Last year, though, I skipped Thanksgiving and Christmas. I didn't want to be with them because I never felt welcome."

"Why is that?" I asked, curious.

Devon sighed and answered, "I have my reasons, too."

Fair enough, I said to myself. I did not want to talk about my ex-fiancee, Victoria, with Devon just yet. She did not want to offer details about an apparent rift with her parents. Perhaps in due time, Devon and I would have enough comfort and trust that we would be sharing darker, more personal details about ourselves with each other.

"I spent Thanksgiving and Christmas with my grandparents last year," Devon told me. "They have always been supportive of me. Very loving, too. I have wonderful grandparents."

"Do you have any brothers or sisters?" I asked, though I already knew the answer to that question. I knew a lot about Devon and all of the other ladies, mainly thanks to all those questionnaires they filled out for me several months ago. Plus, I had detailed files on all of them.

"I was the second of four children," Devon responded. "My sister, Patricia, is the oldest. She is very, very smart. Patricia got a scholarship after graduating from high school to go to Penn State University." Devon sighed and added, "She was always my parents' favorite. Nowadays, Patricia is married and has two kids. I am SOOOOO jealous of her."

I narrowed my eyes. "Why are you jealous of Patricia? What possible reason do you have to be jealous of anyone?"

"Because I have always wanted to be married - to be a wife, a mother," Devon breathed. "To be ... happy."

"Why aren't you married, then? Why don't you have any children? Surely a woman as beautiful and as nice as you most obviously are can have her pick of any man."

Devon forced a smile at my kind words. "I ... got involved with this really bad guy named Barrett. I was with him for eight years. He treated me badly, cheated on me with other women. I ... I cared about him, I guess, and I wanted it to work. But it got to the point between us where I knew it would never work. So, I dumped him. I actually came home from work early one day, and found Barrett in OUR bed with Tabitha, who I thought was my best friend. That was it. I dumped him on the spot and cut Tabitha out of my life, too."

"How could ANYONE cheat on you?"

Devon shrugged her shoulders. "I don't know. It has been almost a year since I broke up with him." Devon giggled and twirled her head about. "Since coming here to your island, I have had sex with Camille a couple of times. I was also with Amy, but that was during a three-some with Camille involved, too. That was so wild! So wild, and so fun! Now, I've been with you, too, Jeremy That is three people in three days here." Devon hesitated before admitting, "Before the island, I had sex with two people - Barrett, and an old boyfriend from high school named Tim. Two lone people in 13 years, compared to three in three days. Today it's still early ... I guess it's three in two days, actually."

"Are you complaining?"

"Oh no!" Devon gushed. "Not at all! In fact, I love it here. This is like a fantasy world for me. I have been curious about other women since I was a schoolgirl, but was never with one in a sexual sense because I was way too afraid to approach any and ask them out. Here, on the island, all of the women are just like me. I don't have to be worried about being embarrassed or humiliated, rejected, like I would back home if I asked a woman out. This island is wonderful. I love it!" Devon planted a soft kiss on my cheek and cooed, "Plus, our host is a real sweetheart."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 4: Burlesque
Posted: June 03, 2012 - 07:51:04 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

Once again, I felt myself blushing beet-red because of something that Devon had said to me. She was obviously not afraid to speak her mind. I wanted her to open up even more.

"You told me about Patricia," I said. "You said you are the second of four children. Tell me about the others."

"My two brothers - Michael and Seth," Devon answered. "I really do not see either of them that much. Michael still lives at home with mom and dad, and Seth goes to college at West Virginia University. He is an athlete there. I have not seen him since Christmas. I have not seen Michael or my parents since my last birthday, which was March 28th. Today is what ... May 30th? I met them, as well as my sister and her husband and kids, at a restaurant in a small town in Pennsylvania called Shillington. My grandparents were there too, obviously. I got the sense, even though it was my birthday, that my mom and dad did not want to be there. I think that Patricia kind of strong-armed them into going to the restaurant since it was my 27th birthday. I haven't seen them since. I ... I haven't even TALKED to my parents since that day. The sad thing is, they only live three miles from where I do. I have no relationship with them whatsoever." Devon held back tears as she continued, "When I was in the hospital for two full nights a couple of years ago, because I was sick, they did not even come to visit me..."

"What is the problem between you and your parents?"

Devon frowned and took a deep breath. "I rather not talk about it. Not yet, anyway. It is too personal."

Not wanting to push or prod her any further, I nodded my head and decided to drop the subject. "Very well, then."

Devon stood up and slipped both of her arms around my neck and shoulders for yet another heartfelt embrace. "I like this, Jeremy. I do. Barrett would never hold me in his arms and talk to me like you are right now. Holding me, talking to me ... you're making me feel so special." Devon caressed the back of my neck with her long fingernails and purred, "I could REALLY get used to this. Everything that I know about you so far, Jeremy, I like. Everything."

"The feeling is mutual," I offered, running my fingers throughout her exquisite, long-flowing blonde hair. "I like everything I know about you too, Devon. But I want to know more. I want to know everything. In due time ... hopefully."

"I am very open and honest - brutally honest - when I feel as if I can trust someone," Devon informed me. "If we progress in our relationship and continue to move forward, you will know EVERYTHING about me. That is one of my faults in life. I'm too honest, too open about myself with others. But I can't help it. I've always been that way. I ... I just want to hold back about my parents and the problems I have with them for now. It is my big secret in life."

"It's not a fault at all," I mused. "I can be the same way, Devon. What you need is someone who will be equally open and honest with you. That person could be me."

Devon smiled at me. "I would like that very much."

"Whenever you are comfortable talking about your family issues, Devon - if that day comes - I will gladly listen to you," I advised her. "I will not judge or look down on you in any fashion whatsoever. If there was a way for me to help you and make things better, I would. Trust me on that."

"I will remember that," Devon promised me.

I could have stayed in my personal suite and spoke to Devon for hours on end, but I had to eventually remind her (as well as myself) that breakfast was being served at 10:00am. I escorted Devon to the formal dining room, where we found all of the ladies gathered together at the table a few minutes before the top of the hour. A smile came to my face as a result, because I wanted this to be the routine, normal time that all of us got together each and every morning for breakfast. It was excellent to know that my lovely female guests were punctual and prompt.

"I'm going with Lindsay, Trish and Amy on a nature hike today," Camille said to not only me, but Devon and Pamela as well, here at the breakfast table. She turned toward those two and asked, "Either of you like to tag along with us?"

"I was going to do some more reading in the library," Pamela answered. "You know how I am with books. I am in the middle of a mystery novel and am dying to see how it turns out." She turned toward Devon and mused, "How about you? You should go along on the nature hike."

Devon glanced my way for an instant before saying to Pamela, "Oh, I don't know." She looked at me once again, then back at Pamela. "I have to finish unpacking my luggage, believe it or not." Was Devon being truthful to Pamela and the others? Or did she have another date with me planned? If so, I was not aware of it. "I want to get all of my clothing unpacked and hung up properly."

"My ears still hurt from that damn flight," Amy quipped.

"I know what you mean!" Lindsay squealed. "I still feel tired from it myself. Of course, I really don't like being in airplanes. That may have something to do with it. Was it your first time in the air, Amy?"

"No, but it's been awhile," she replied. "I went on a family vacation to Cancun when I was 11. I did not like flying then, and I certainly do not like it any more now. My ears felt like they were going to pop the whole trip."

"Mine too!" Pamela frowned.

"Are you feeling better today, though, Lindsay?" I asked her. "Would you like me to have some medicine choppered in for you? I heard you were feeling quite bad last night."

"I'm better now," she assured me. "I'm not 100 percent, but I'm better. Another day or two, and I'll be fine."

"What about you, Jeremy?" Trish suddenly chimed in. "Do you have any plans at all for today?"

"Oh, I don't know quite yet. I'm sure that I will think of something." Yes ... something. Like spying on the ladies with the help of the voyeur room? "I can always stay busy inside my suite. A lot of work goes into making sure all of you girls have smiles on your faces at all times."

"What do you mean?" Camille inquired, curious.

"Everything. I have to make sure we have enough food and supplies to last us each week, because the delivery boat only comes once a week - Friday. I check the Internet to see if there are any new music CDs or movies that come out on DVD that I think one of you ladies may be interested in. I check weather reports and advisories at least two or three times each day. None are on the way now, but we are guaranteed three or four nasty rainstorms, along with thunder and lightning, before these six weeks are up. NASTY storms."

"I hate storms," Lindsay sulked. "Especially lightning!"

"There's been nothing but sunshine and warm weather since we arrived on Monday," Amy observed. "But I guess I can see where an island like this - in the tropics near the equator - could get its fair share of bad weather."

"It will rain once, twice a week, on average," I told her. "But we'll get three or four good, torrential downpours, too. Really good ones; much worse than anything any of you have ever seen before. Be prepared ... because they will come."

"I don't know what's good about it," Trish mused, offering a quirky smile. "I thought I left all the bad weather behind me in Toronto when I came here. Hmmmmm ... I guess not."

"You brought it with you!" Camille exclaimed. albeit in a playful way. She received an equally playful smack on the shoulder, courtesy of Trish, as a result.

Lindsay looked at me and said, "Are these three days a good indication of what we should expect for the next six weeks?"

"Pretty much, yes," was my response, thinking to myself how incredibly polite and well-mannered Lindsay seemed to be. She was a doll in every sense of the word! "You and the others will be permitted to do whatever it is that you wish. You are your own boss here, dear. I am simply your host."

"I just feel so carefree and relaxed here," Lindsay mused. "This island is such a great atmosphere. There isn't one person here that I don't like. It really is a paradise."

"We're permitted to do whatever we want?" Amy asked me. "Let me get this straight, Jeremy. You don't expect us to cook or clean. You don't have strict rules or guidelines for us. You don't, as Camille wondered, run a slave camp."

"I didn't say that!" Camille exclaimed, perhaps a bit mad at Amy. "Tell Jeremy I didn't say that!" That was a minor lie on her part, as I eavesdropped and heard the 25-year-old say those exact words to Devon during their first night here. Her reaction was quite comical, however. Did Camille just see her chance at big money disappear before her very eyes?

"It doesn't matter, Camille," Amy told her. "It's okay. Jeremy isn't going to think any less of you for it." Amy focused her attention on me once again and continued, "No cooking or cleaning. No strict rules. No slave camp. You let us do whatever we want, yet you are paying us $100,000 at the end. One gets $500,000. What's the deal?"

"What do you mean?" I asked, shrugging my shoulders.

"Why are you paying us that much money if you expect little, if anything, out of us in return?"

I hesitated for a moment, but then smiled. Although I had told Pamela of my intentions, now was not the time or place for me to inform everyone else what I wanted - which included finding the right woman, falling in love with her and ultimately, getting married. That is what I have dreamed about my entire life. It was also my goal here.

"I brought all of you here simply because I enjoy the company," I replied, still smiling. It was not a lie, but neither could it be called the whole, total truth, either. "Being here by myself for 16 years ... it can get lonely."

"My God!..." Trish huffed. "How could you stay here by your lonesome for 16 years? This island is beautiful and everything, but I would go stir-crazy without others around."

"Jeremy has a friend visit him from time to time," Devon suddenly said, straightening her posture in the chair. "Her name is Kristanna. He told me about her last night."

"Kristanna?" Lindsay asked, intrigued.

"Yes, Kristanna," I nodded. "I was just telling Devon last night that a friend of mine, Kristanna, will be showing up here real soon. In fact, she'll be here on Friday, I received a new e-mail from her just this morning. She is going to stay with us for the duration of your visit."

"This Kristanna is the one who wrote all that gibberish on the big rocks we were looking at yesterday," Camille said.

"What's she like?" Trish asked.

"Kristanna is just as beautiful - and just as bi - as the rest of you, As I told Devon, I have no doubt that she will fit in real nicely with all of you. I also told Pamela about her yesterday afternoon. Krissy is also extremely funny and jovial. I cannot say enough good things about her."

"Jeremy said she is from Norway," Devon told the others. "I like her name. I think it is really pretty ... exotic."

"She is a real sweetheart," I added. "All of you will like her just as you like each other."

I felt as if I needed to clarify something from earlier. "I DO have two homes in the United States, both of which are being looked after by family members at this moment in time. So, I have not been on this island non-stop for 16 years. I DO spend time in the United States - visiting my family - and I love to travel the world. I have been everywhere. But the majority of my life these past 16 years has been on this very island. I just find the most peace here."

"Don't you get lonely, though?" Trish asked, concerned.

"Yeah," I nodded. "I'd be lying if I said I didn't." I perked up and cheerfully added, "But there is no need for me to feel lonely now. I have all of you girls here. Kristanna will be here Friday. Life is good ... real good."

By the time 12:00pm rolled around, I had taken a very long and relaxing whirlpool bath, and had myself fully prepared for whatever the remainder of the day could possibly have in store for me. Thus, I decided to venture into the adjacent voyeur room. I immediately spotted Devon on one of the monitors, lounging and relaxing in a bubble bath. It was a very tempting sight, indeed, simply because Devon was such a gorgeous woman. But I turned the monitor off. I did not want to spy on Devon like that right now.

Another monitor registered some activity in the library, where Pamela was seated at the table with a book in hand and her reading glasses on. I smiled at the image. Could anyone find fault with an exotic dancer who doubled as a true bookworm? Pamela was a very unique woman, indeed.

There was a good reason why many of my thoughts and ideas had been centered on Pamela thus far. Pamela was very sweet and considerate, and clearly had a heart of pure gold. She was the perfect representation of everything that an exotic dancer should be - a blonde and busty vision of physical perfection, with an athletic and very taut body.

Despite her awesome physical attributes, however, I still found it hard to believe that Pamela was actually a stripper. She just seemed too smart and well-refined for the stereotype that routinely went along with the profession.

Believe it or not, but I found myself trying to envision Pamela as a librarian. She loved to read, correct? Pamela would most likely make an excellent librarian. Of course, some of the customers may ask her to get on the tabletops and start dancing and stripping, and offer her money to do so. Meh ... that was a very naughty thought on my part.

Perhaps Pamela could be a flower shop attendant instead? I could easily see that. A drop-dead, stunning flower shop attendant, but one nonetheless. Her younger sister was a flower shop attendant. Pamela ... maybe an elementary school teacher? Yes, that is it. After all, that was what Pamela one day aspired to be - a teacher. Just think of all the crushes her students would have on her! Everyone in town would go to the PTA meetings just to see her.

The primary reason that Pamela was an exotic dancer was so she could live a quality lifestyle and afford to put herself through college, where her major was education. The young woman had just one more year to go, too, before obtaining her collegiate degree. Would she quit stripping then, and become a teacher? Or would Pamela be my wife by then?...

Since her arrival on the island, Pamela seemed to go with Amy almost as well as bread did with butter. The two ladies had obviously hit it off and were having a wonderful time together. It made me feel good inside that I had helped unite Pamela and Amy by bringing them with me to the island. How else could a Hooters girl from Cincinnati meet up and connect with a stripper from Baltimore? Strange, huh?

Amy was, as I eluded to earlier, a pure sex machine. I am not sure whether or not she had any limits when it came to her level of satisfaction. I wondered if Amy even knew what that word meant. She was the type of woman who could give any normal man a heart attack during an encounter if she truly wanted to. Amy was just so wild and ferocious. Would I be able to survive the summer (winter) with her?

I could sit here, in the voyeur room, and forever debate and discuss the merits of all of these wonderful ladies. However, something even more intriguing caught my eye on the only other active monitor in front of me.

My gaze was suddenly locked onto that particular monitor, as Camille was currently enjoying herself underneath a cascading waterfall on the eastern side of the island.

Standing in a pool of waist-deep water, which emptied out into the ocean further below, Camille was wearing a black two-piece bikini. She was positioned directly underneath a flowing sheet of water, arching her slender neck and letting it cascade through her long, dark hair and down her body.

Camille's eyes were closed and she had a look of pure bliss across her face as she gently massaged her breasts underneath the waterfall. Taking the big globes of flesh into her hands, the 25-year-old squeezed and caressed them thoroughly. It was obvious that she loved the sensations.

Watching a gorgeous woman such as Camille grope herself like this was more than enough to give me a raging hard-on. However, only adding to my personal pleasure was the very beautiful, lush scenery in which she did it in.

The continual stream of water which cascaded onto her head from above was the centerpiece of it all. Behind the young woman was a little wall formed from volcanic rock, which was somewhat shielded by a growth of green weeds.

Panning the camera back a bit, I could easily tell that the pool of fresh water that Camille leisurely basked in was surrounded by equally stunning scenery. At the edge of a tiny cliff which overlooked the ocean, there were majestic trees and beautiful shrubbery all around. The sun peeked through those tall trees from above, providing enough illumination for me to eavesdrop on this special moment. The sound of running water was quite peaceful, and serene.

Of course, what made the scenery even more appealing to me was when I panned the camera back, I also got tempting glimpses of Lindsay, Trish and Amy. The three ladies, who had obviously come to this waterfall location with Camille during their nature hike, were wearing their bikinis. They stood in the small basin as well, but on the opposite side. It seemed as if they were allowing Camille a few moments to enjoy the waterfall on her own.

I again drooled at the sight of young, tender Lindsay in a tiny bikini. Among all of the gorgeous sights thus far, Lindsay in her pink bikini got my inner juices pumping faster than anything. She was so incredibly tantalizing...

"Have either of you learned anything about the money?" Lindsay asked Amy and Camille, as I flipped the hidden microphone on. "I really want that half-million."

"I don't think any of us will learn a thing about the money until Jeremy gives it to us at the end of the summer," Camille responded, taking a step out from underneath the oncoming rush of water. "He seems real secretive about it."

Hmmmmm ... it was the winter in this part of the world. Obviously, the idea of winter being at the end of May was a foreign concept to all of these ladies. I should just give up in trying to correct (or educate) them about that fact.

"To tell you the truth, I really don't care about the money anymore," Trish mused, which caused her three friends to glare at her in disbelief. "I'm serious. This island is just how I envision Heaven to be. It's so beautiful. What makes it even better is that you three and the other girls - Devon and Pamela - are here, too. I really cannot imagine a better place to be in the whole, wide world. We're all good friends already ... Jeremy is so wondrously kind and gracious. We have total privacy and can do whatever we please here for six weeks. There are no boundaries, no limitations at all." Trish paused and added, "Shouldn't we be paying Jeremy, eh?"

"What do you mean?" Amy countered.

"Shouldn't we be paying Jeremy to let us stay here?" the Canadian asked. "This is like a vacation for me. But it's a free vacation. A paid vacation! I'm not going to worry about the money any longer. If I get the $500,000, great. If not, that's fine too. I could use $100,000, especially in American currency. That will go a long way where I live. The American dollar converts to 88 cents in Canadian money. $100,000 will go a very long way for me."

"That's a good mindset to have," Camille decided. "You are right, Trish. Whatever happens, happens. I think I am just going to sit back and enjoy the island too, and not worry about the money. There's really no need to."

"Jeremy will never tell us how we go about getting the big pay-out anyway," Trish added. "Why worry about it if he won't tell us? I imagine it will go to the one he likes the most. Right now, I think that person is Pamela."

"I agree with that," Amy nodded. "He likes Pamela a lot."

"That is fine with me," Trish mused. "If he wants to give the half-million to Pamela, fine. After all, it is Jeremy's money. He can do with it what he pleases. I won't complain. I am just happy I am here, and able to enjoy the island."

"He can give the big money to ME," Lindsay sulked.

"I know who likes him more than anyone," Camille nodded. "Don't tell Pamela, for sure, but Devon is absolutely crazy about Jeremy. She wants him in the worst way possible." COME ON, Camille, I said inwardly. Don't tell Pamela? Clearly, this was an attempt to behind her room-mate's back.

"Devon?" Amy countered.

"She had sex with Jeremy last night," Camille offered. "Devon was all happy and giggly about it this morning."

"I need to have sex with Jeremy again," Amy announced, which made my heart flutter with desire. Dare I say it, but I needed to have sex with Amy again as well. Soon.

"I don't want to see Devon get hurt," Camille frowned. "I like her a lot, myself. But unfortunately, men seem to have the uncanny knack to be able to a hurt a woman at the worst possible time, in the worst possible way." Huh? "Devon has been telling me things like she is already in love with Jeremy and even wants to marry him RIGHT NOW."

Marry me right now?

I was not quite sure I felt the same way - in fact, I know I did not - but it was an interesting thought nonetheless. Devon was already entertaining thoughts of marriage with me? How was that even possible? It seemed crazy!

"Hopefully she hasn't said anything to him like that yet," Trish fretted. "Telling someone things like that at the beginning of a relationship is the easiest way to kill the relationship. I remember one guy ... after he asked me out for the first time, he said he was crazy about me and really wanted to get to know me better. He made it seem like he wanted to marry me. It was kind of a turn-off even though I liked him, because I didn't want to go out with him, maybe lead him on and then ultimately hurt his feelings in the end. I was younger then; I just wanted to go out and have fun. I definitely wasn't looking to settle down like I am now."

"There's no way that I'm settling down," Lindsay declared. "I'm only 18 years of age. I want to go out and explore, find what the world has to offer." I noticed a serious pout from Trish as Lindsay continued, "That's a big reason why I decided to come to the island. Well ... that, and the money. But the island seemed like some sort of paradise."

"It has definitely lived up to all its hype," Amy nodded. "Jeremy really spoke the island up in those brochures and booklets he sent us through the mail. It's even better than I imagined it to be. A tropical island, beautiful women and a very nice, sweet man for our host."

"Just think that we have six whole weeks to be here, and enjoy ourselves," Camille grinned. "I bet maybe one or two of us will never want to leave. I know I will leave, but I can see where one or two others may want to stay forever."

"What's the deal with Jeremy?" Lindsay asked. "I wonder why he has spent 16 years here, all by himself? Just to think ... I was only age two when he moved in here. I agree with what Trish said earlier. This island may be paradise, but there is no way I could live here all by myself."

"It does seem sort of strange," Camille observed. "But I'm not one to judge. I'm sure that Jeremy has a reason for opting to stay here alone for all that time."

"Maybe he's just a loner," Trish speculated. "A lot of people are like that. But he did say he enjoys our company. And he seems too friendly and outgoing to be a loner..."

"And he has too good of a cock not to have a woman around at all times."

"Amy!" Trish scolded her, albeit playfully. "Gosh!" All I can say about Amy's words is that I took them as a true compliment. Gruff? Overly blunt? Even ... crude? I had too good of a cock not to have a woman around? My modest side will take what she said as a compliment ... nothing more.

"Oh ... about you being age two when Jeremy began living here, Lindsay," Amy commented. "You're so small and frail and sweet and innocent that you don't look a day older than five now." Amy snickered merrily at her own playful barb. Lindsay, however - though she kept silent - did not seem to appreciate it all that much. Myself, it gave me a chuckle.

"Jeremy is mysterious," Camille observed. "I still don't quite get the idea as to why he brought the six of us here. He pays us all that money, but lets us do what we want. A friend of mine back home in California was convinced that I was getting myself into some sort of slave camp."

Trish giggled and mused, "I thought you were not one to judge others, Camille. But I don't understand him myself. I do think, though, that he is very trustworthy. If Jeremy says that we can do whatever we want, I believe him. I do not think we will wake up one day, all tied up or something. It just does not seem to be in his nature."

"I'm interested in meeting that friend of his," Camille added. "Kristanna or Christina ... whatever her name is. I bet she may have some answers for us."

"That's a good point," Trish nodded. "When we get the chance, let's ask her, and see what she says. Surely, she will understand our curiosity about him. Right?"

"You would think so," Lindsay offered.

"Unless she is his cohort in all of this, or something," Camille deadpanned.

"I need some satisfaction," Amy announced, before slowly but surely making her way over at the awaiting Camille in the basin. An instant later, Amy and Camille embraced one another and shared a very long, deep-rooted kiss.

While Trish simply stood by and watched, Camille turned her attention toward Lindsay, whose face was beet-red with embarrassment as she climbed out of the basin and took a seat in the grass. "Come over here and join us, honey," Camille encouraged her. "It'll be fun!"

"Lindsay is still a virgin," Trish told Camille, as well as Amy. "Right now, I think that she just wants to watch."

"You're a VIRGIN?" Camille gasped in disbelief, her eyes locked upon Lindsay. The teen-ager frowned and nodded her head in response. "I can't believe that you're a virgin!"

Camille was doing an excellent job of acting here simply because she already knew that Lindsay was a virgin. How did I know that? Yesterday, remember, I eavesdropped on the conversation that Camille had with Devon and Amy at the beach. Amy informed both of them that Lindsay was a virgin. Camille may have hinted during that same conversation that she already knew Lindsay was a virgin, but I was not certain.

"I would have never guessed that you were still a virgin," Amy told Lindsay, trying to hold back an outburst of laughs. Of course, Amy had been well aware of this fact as well.

"I just haven't found the right person to sexually give myself to yet," Lindsay brooded, before her gaze shifted to Trish. "I think that's about to change, though."

Trish smiled at those words as Camille implored, "Come on over here and join us, Lindsay. There is no need to have sex right away if you're a virgin." She slipped her arms around Amy's shoulders, then pressed her breasts on hers within the pool of fresh water and ground them as one.

"We can just make out," Camille said to Lindsay. "Come on, honey. I bet you would feel really good squished between me and Amy, as we both kissed you at the same time. In fact, I bet you would LOVE it. Just love it!"
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 4: Burlesque
Posted: June 03, 2012 - 07:51:04 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"We would love having you," Amy murmured. "Our hands all over your body - touching you, caressing you, teasing you..."

"You'll never know unless you give it a shot," Camille egged her on. "C'mon ... what is there to lose? We would make you feel real good. Really good ... give it a shot."

"I don't know..." Lindsay fretted, her eyes cast downward as she sat upon the ledge. After several seconds, she looked up and surmised, "This is all so new to me. I don't mean any offense, Camille, but I don't know you all that well. I do not know you all that well either, Amy. The only person that I really know here thus far is Trish."

"Amy doesn't know me well, either," Camille countered. "But look at this." She pressed her lips to Amy's mouth and kissed her intently - her soft, velvety tongue sliding far and deep - before turning her focus back to Lindsay. "She sure does seem to enjoy kissing me, though." Now, Lindsay looked extremely uncomfortable.

"Let her go, Camille," Trish said. "It is not your place or my place to force her. When Lindsay is ready to share herself, she will make that decision on her own." Trish climbed out of the pool of natural water and focused all of her attention toward her room-mate. "Do you wanna go back to the mansion, sweetie?" Lindsay nodded her head in a sheepish manner in response to Trish's question. "Okay ... let's go."

Trish rose to her feet and grasped Lindsay by the hand, but meanwhile, Amy and Camille did not seem all too pleased. "You two are going to leave us here?"

"You're very welcome to come back to the mansion with us," Trish told Camille. "Both of you are."

"There is no reason for any of us to be shy or hold a thing back this summer," Amy implored. "No reason at all. Why don't you tell Lindsay to open herself up to us right now? It is going to happen eventually anyway, you know."

"If you're so dying to have sex," Trish admonished them, "then I suggest you have your sex with each other. Lindsay should not be subjected to this - having sex or watching others do it themselves - if it makes her feel the least bit uncomfortable. I will not allow that to happen."

"Maybe the two of us rather have sex with Lindsay," the mocha-skinned Camille cackled. "Did you ever think of that? Maybe YOU should sit back, Trish, and watch ME as I lick Lindsay's pussy! The girl needs a good, hard fucking! It would help loosen her up!"

"A really HARD fucking," Amy nodded.

As Lindsay gasped in response to those words, Trish gave Amy and Camille the evil eye and snapped, "That was uncalled for!" For a moment, it appeared as if Trish wanted to rip into Amy and Camille and tear them limb from limb for making such nasty, aggressive statements. I could not blame her if Trish chose to go that route. However, she was somehow able to harness and control her anger, and eventually settle down.

Trish turned her focus toward Lindsay and said in a gentle tone, "C'mon, honey. Let's go back to the mansion. We can play some video games in the recreation room before dinner." Trish hooked her arm around Lindsay's and added, "We can pick up where we left off earlier with Final Fantasy XIII. You did save our progress in the game, right?"

"Yes," Lindsay pouted, glancing at Amy and Camille in a disapproving manner. She then made eye contact with Trish and conveyed, "That game absolutely rocks."

"You cannot keep a padlock on your little pussy all summer long," Camille warned Lindsay. "We WILL get to it..."

Trish paid the other two ladies no attention whatsoever as she turned and whisked Lindsay away from the scenic waterfall location. Amy and Camille looked at each other, then shook their heads in unison. Obviously, they were disappointed. But, I cannot say that I felt one bit sorry for them.

Trish was starting to grow on me even more as a person. I really enjoyed (and appreciated) how Trish was trying to protect and shield the innocent and naive Lindsay from some of the more aggressive women on the island - notably Amy and Camille. I still felt that there was some good underneath of Amy's rigid exterior. It just had to find its way out.

I was glad, however, that Lindsay was still a virgin. The time she could no longer be classified as one was quickly approaching, however. That was fairly obvious. I still held out a faint hope that Lindsay would allow me be the one to take her virginity. I say faint because it appeared that Trish had the definite inside track.

On the other hand, I really could not complain about it. If Trish turned out to be the one who ultimately took Lindsay's virginity, that would be wonderful. The most clear-cut thing of all on the island - at least early on - was that Trish was totally and madly in love with Lindsay. Because of that, Trish deserved the honor more than anyone else. She certainly would not view Lindsay's virginity as a notch on her bedpost - like some of the others here would. Honestly, who else could it rightfully be?

"No fun," Camille frowned, her gaze focused on Amy, once Lindsay and Trish disappeared from their view.

"I'd love to fuck Lindsay with a strap-on," Amy smirked, which caused my hormones to rage even more out of control. Amy was something else! She was wicked! "I'd bend her over the bed and fuck her senseless. I would use my belt and give her a good whipping, too. All that crying and whining from Lindsay would only get her an even harder whipping from me, and a bigger butt-plug in her ass."

Camille laughed. "And make Trish watch? That would be awesome. I would love to pop Lindsay's cherry and force Trish to watch me do it. Maybe tie Trish up and force her to watch me violate her girl. Make Lindsay cum over and over again, and then make her beg me to fuck her more as Trish was powerless to stop it." Camille purred like a kitten at the mere thought and reiterated, "That would be awesome..."

"Pop Lindsay's cherry?" Amy countered. "I don't want to pop it. I want to OBLITERATE it." Both ladies giggled at those words as they continued to embrace one another at the beautiful waterfall location. "I'd make Lindsay my slave. Trish would be my bitch, forced to watch ... OUR bitch. I would love to make Lindsay cry. Oh, I'd hurt her so much..."

Camille smiled. "We would fuck her until she loved us."

With that, I flipped the audio switch off because I could no longer listen to this discussion. I did not like the way that Amy and Camille were talking about Lindsay. Trish too, for that matter. I did not even care if Amy and Camille wound up having sex in the water with each other. At this moment in time, at least, I was not interested in watching. Suddenly, all of the sexual tension had been ripped from me.

Again, I had the sense that Amy was a good person. I may be the only one here on the island who felt that way, but I honestly believed that she enjoyed saying these wild and outlandish things simply to get reactions out of others. Amy loved shocking people. It was a bad trait, indeed, but I could overlook it if my assumption about her was accurate (that a truly good person was lurking somewhere underneath all those many waves of sexual aggression).

Camille? I did not know what to think of Camille right now. She had just taken a serious nose-dive in my book. I did not feel the same way about her as I did Amy. Nor did I feel any sort of mental attraction toward Camille. She was very beautiful, yes, but that beauty seemed to be skin-deep. It was early in the process, though, and things could easily change. Camille could ultimately turn out to be my favorite. That sounds awfully strange to me, but only time would tell. I had to keep an open mind when it came to all of the ladies.

Suddenly, another monitor flickered to life. Because the system was triggered with the use of motion detectors, the screen overseeing the long corridor that led to my personal suite had popped on. I turned my total attention toward it, naturally, and felt overly curious once I noticed that it was Pamela. For some reason, the enchanting young woman was dressed in a large, overflowing trench coat. It looked drab on her, to say the least. Why was Pamela wearing that brown coat anyway? The weather outside was warm, and beautiful...

I exited the voyeur room and sealed its wall entrance. I took a moment to look in the nearby mirror and run a brush through my hair, then rushed over to the door and opened it.

"Hi Pamela," I greeted her, smiling. She certainly did look odd with that trench coat on. "What can I do for you?"

"You were talking about me being a stripper yesterday in the library," the 30-year-old cooed as she stepped into the suite and then closed the door behind her. "You were making fun of me, too, Jeremy." Pamela grinned at her own words and wryly added, "I thought you would be interested if I was to ... oh, hmmmmm ... give you a ... lap dance."

I was about to say something, but then the coat came off.

I literally drooled at the sight of Pamela, who now looked as hot and as sinfully sexy as any one person possibly could. I could not believe my eyes as Pamela wore a black leather vest, which was zipped up to only her midriff. Thus, the black bra that barely concealed her large, heavenly breasts underneath was on display. It was decorated with lacey, flower-print designs and offered a clear view of her juicy, plump nipples through its sheer fabric.

In addition, Pamela wore a leather mini-skirt which was so small and low-cut, she might as well not had it on. Fishnet stockings adorned her legs, and the pair of knee-high boots looked extremely tantalizing on her. The little mini-skirt, stockings and boots were black, just like her bra and vest.

With her silky-smooth blonde hair braided up in a stylish, classy manner, Pamela appeared as if she had just stepped out of one of my ultimate fantasies. My heart was pounding within my chest as I stared and gawked at the luscious woman standing before me. Despite Devon's recent push for my attention, maybe Pamela truly was the woman for me?...

"You're going to dance for me?" I breathed, swallowing hard. My whole body was alive with heated, intense arousal. Was there any other place on the planet that I rather be at this precise, exact moment in time than right here in this room with Pamela? This promised to be quite interesting...

"Yes, I am," the seductress replied, the excitement level in her sultry voice readily apparent. "Now, be a good boy and take a seat on the edge of the bed for me."

"Oh God..." I growled, quickly complying with her request.

"Remember the number one rule of lap dancing, Jeremy," Pamela chided me, stepping back. "No touching. Got that?"

"No touching?" I exclaimed, somewhat exasperated.

"I don't want to have to punish you for breaking the rules," she warned, a naughty grin on her charming face. "Nor do I want to call a bouncer to come and rough you up, though I'm quite certain that I could handle you myself."

"Huh?"

The top-heavy blonde took another step back and offered me a very beguiling smile. An instant later, she cupped and squeezed her fabulous breasts with both hands, their flesh rolling underneath her touch. Pamela's face came alive as she purred, "Do you WANT me to dance for you, Jeremy?"

Unable to speak, I eagerly nodded my head at her.

"Do I turn you on?" Pamela asked, her remarkable body starting to buck and churn about in a sensuous manner. I quickly sensed this was her standard routine for dancing. Pamela turned her back and gyrated her shapely ass for me, which was barely concealed by that mini-skirt, before spinning back around. Her body kept grinding as she teased, "I only want to dance for you if it turns you on, Jeremy."

"You're turning me on, big-time," I managed to get out, my eyes wide as I openly gawked at her. "Trust me."

Pamela pulled her skirt upward for a brief second - long enough to flash me a view of her black G-string - before shoving it back down into place. "Are you getting hard yet?" she wondered, her tone soft and silky. "I just can't tell you how much I like nice, hard cocks, Jeremy."

Instead of waiting for me to answer, Pamela simply reached out with her right hand and rubbed the humongous bulge that was stationed within my shorts. "Oooooh," she cooed, her hips swaying back-and-forth in a rhythmic motion. "You are hard, lover. REAL hard. I like that. I like that a LOT."

With my own hands, I made a move to grasp and latch onto both of her breasts, but Pamela backed away and shook her head at me. "No touching!" she reminded me, being playful. I let out another exasperated moan, but decided to let the game continue. Soon, I would absolutely ravage this woman.

Pamela then placed both hands on her head and swayed her hips for me once again, her breasts jiggling and bouncing about within the confines of her lacey bra. She trailed both hands down to those big breasts and cupped them a second time, then massaged them. "I like showing off my body," she said, being coy. "Do you like my body, Jeremy?"

"Oh God ... you know I do, Pamela. You're so gorgeous." There was a bona-fide reason why I found Pamela to be so very irresistible. That fully-loaded figure of hers, which she now flaunted about with the flair of a seasoned, professional stripper, had something to do with it.

"Ohhhhh," Pamela grinned, now hooking her left leg over my right knee and straddling me somewhat there. Her body bounced about in that position for several seconds, but then she recoiled her leg and stood straight up once more.

"You like my nice, big breasts?" Pamela asked, in total teasing mode, as she continued to mash and maul them with her hands. I nodded as she added, "Would you like to see my breasts, Jeremy? Do you think you would like that?"

"Oh yes," I replied quickly, my cock about to burst within my shorts. I could not believe how sinful and erotic this woman was as she bumped and weaved her body about before me. I could easily tell that Pamela had done a lot of stripping and dancing over the course of the past several years.

Pamela undid the zipper on her vest-like top, and easily shrugged it from her shoulders. The garment fell harmlessly to the floor, and then she unsnapped her lacey black bra in front. The siren pulled its cups outward, baring her big, glorious breasts for my eyes to luxuriate in. Pamela tossed the bra elsewhere, then moaned as she openly massaged and fondled her naked breasts with both hands.

Pamela brought a finger to her mouth and wet it, then turned her back to me and giggled. "Like my ass?" she asked, her hips suddenly undulating in a wicked manner. She bent over slightly and leaned up hard against my pelvis, then started to bounce upon it. "Want me to rub my ass all over your cock like this? Does that feel good, Jeremy?" She continued bumping her hips upon my pelvis, saying, "You like my ass all over your cock?" She slapped that curvaceous backside and cooed, "Is my ass tight enough for you, Jeremy?"

"Oh God..." I trembled. This was much better than any lap dance that I ever once fantasized about receiving...

Pamela kept up the churning and grinding motion for a few seconds before finally withdrawing that luscious ass of hers from my pelvis. She turned back around and trailed both hands down the front of her body, her hips bucking wildly, with a smile on her face, before undoing the zipper on the side of her mini-skirt and quickly whisking it away.

I took in a deep breath and shook my head in a mixture of lust and appreciation as Pamela continued to dance in front of me, the only articles of clothing remaining on her being a black G-string, fishnet stockings and knee-high boots.

"You like it when I tease you like this?" Pamela wondered, still dancing. "You like me doing this, Jeremy?" She paused and moaned, "Hmmmmm ... I know I just love it."

Pamela then dropped to her knees between my widespread legs, and smiled at the tremendous bulge that was within my shorts. Her eyes locked on mine, Pamela extended her tongue and swiped away at the lump. Her white teeth then clamped down on a portion of my shorts' fabric, and she pulled her head back. She then nuzzled her nose on my aching erection and giggled, her eyes never once leaving my face.

The young woman soon rose up to her feet and resumed her erotic dancing routine. "Want me to take my G-string off for you?" she asked, unsnapping a button on the garments' side which held it together. She held the loose G-string in front of her pussy for several seconds - teasing me - before pulling it away and fully exposing herself to me.

"Do you like my pussy?" Pangs of unspeakable lust were coursing throughout my entire body as Pamela then straddled my hips. "Like my naked body all over your body?" she wondered, starting to bounce up-and-down upon my shaft - as if we were having sex. I needed to get rid of my shorts!

"HMMMMM ... I LOVE feeling your cock between my legs like this," she moaned, her face flushed with desire. "Your cock is all big, and hard. Hmmmmm ... feels so good!"

My body overcome with lust, I grabbed Pamela's breasts with both hands and squeezed them roughly. She then jumped off my lap and scurried backwards, shaking a menacing finger at me. I sighed as she playfully scolded me, "No touching, Jeremy! You do that again, and I'll have to tie you up."

My eyes went wide in response to those words as Pamela dropped to her knees between my widespread legs once again. She placed both hands on the side of my hips and looked up at me with a playful expression, then began to grind her luscious breasts upon my pelvis in a wanton, lewd manner.

Acting coy and innocent, Pamela continued to gaze up at me as she snickered, "You look so uncomfortable, Jeremy. Oh ... poor thing. Let's see if I can make you feel better." I took in another deep breath as she undid my shorts and reached within my briefs, then pulled my fully erect cock out and let it wobble before her eyes in the open air. "Is that better?" she inquired, still acting innocent. "I think he needed a breath of fresh air, Jeremy." She giggled once more, gently stroking and then kissing the tip of my cock.

Pamela stood up and placed both hands onto my head, then brought my face into contact with her breasts. She rubbed my face across those glorious breasts of hers for several seconds, her hips still undulating, before dropping back down to her knees between my legs. She pulled my shorts and briefs downward, fully exposing my shaft.

Pamela tilted her head all the way forward, until its crown was pointing downward. She then rubbed the back of her head upon my erection, which nearly caused me to explode. I loved the feel of her silky-smooth blonde hair on my skin...

"Why don't you suck it?" I asked her, referring to my cock, my tone of voice uncharacteristically flat and uneven.

Pamela took a step back upon her knees and flashed me a look. "Suck it? What type of dancer do you think I am, Jeremy?" She huffed playfully and added, "Not me..."

Finally, Pamela had pushed me too far.

The stripper grunted and squealed with obvious arousal as I clutched both of her shoulders with my hands and literally tossed her onto the bed. Pamela gave me an expectant look as she gazed up at me, her firm thighs already spread wide and parted. I licked my lips at the mere sight of her little pussy, which glistened with its shiny, erotic moisture.

I hesitated for a second or two, but then dove face-first right between those luscious thighs. Pamela's body tensed with arousal as I grasped her hips with my hands, my tongue already flicking itself over and across her swollen slit. The voluptuous vixen moaned out her approval, her hands clutching my head, her fingers weaving themselves throughout my short brown hair. The feel of her fingernails on my scalp sent absolute shockwaves of pleasure through my body.

Not only did Pamela have a beautiful pussy, but she had a very delicious one as well. I lapped away at her moist, tender folds, my tongue darting about wildly, my nose sniffing and luxuriating in the scent of her womanhood. That was yet another thing - her pussy smelled wonderful. Everything about Pamela, in fact, was wonderful...

I inserted a pair of fingers into that sweet pussy and immediately began to thrust them in-and-out at a rather torrid pace. Pamela clutched her thighs tightly around my head, as well as my hand, as I continually forged those fingers into her. She arched her neck and back high off the mattress, a series of moans and growls emanating from deep within her throat. Obviously, Pamela enjoyed this. Likewise, I was happy to be the one giving her this pleasure.

"Oh yeah..." she sighed, her thighs now loosening the dual grip on my head and hand. "Oh yeah, Jeremy ... that's good. That's real good! Hmmmmm ... lick my pussy! Lick it! Hmmmmm ... come on, lick it. OH YEAH ... there. Right there! OH GOD ... don't stop! Don't stop! Don't ever stop!"

I concentrated on her little nub of a clitoris, gently trapping it within my mouth and flicking my tongue across it in rapid-fire succession. Pamela let out a thunderous squeal in response, then pressed her palms on the crown of my head and applied a generous amount of pressure. She arched her neck and back once again as well, her moans and cries of arousal quickly becoming more loud and heated.

I released her clitoris from my mouth, only to then offer it a series of slow, leisurely swipes with my tongue. I got the sense that Pamela was extremely close to an orgasm, which was a bit of a surprise to me. I could get off a beautiful woman like this with my tongue alone, and no foreplay?

Then the thought hit me that the wicked lap dance which Pamela had earlier given to me must have excited her as well. It was a combination of both the strip-tease and my oral worship which would ultimately lead toward her orgasm.

Whatever the case, I bore down with my lips and tongue, and was intent on bringing this hot, ravenous creature to an earth-shattering climax. Once I inserted a third finger into her glistening folds and pounded away at them, I had succeeded. Pamela roared out at the very top of her lungs, her exquisite pussy literally erupting in a sea of passion.

"HMMMMM ... GOD!" she screamed out, her head raised as she glared at me. "GOD YES!" My tongue had already shifted into erotic overdrive, and was busy lapping up the delicious fruits of my labor. Juices seemed to continually ooze from Pamela's pussy; and I was quick to gather it with my tongue and swallow it down my throat. Delicious!

"Hmmmmm ... yes," Pamela moaned in the aftermath, once she had settled her body back down on the bed. "Oh yesssss ... Oh Jeremy, you made me cream my pussy." She smiled and coyly added, "I'm going to have to pay you back for that. GOD, lover. You made me feel SO GOOD."

"I thought you said I wasn't allowed to touch you," I grinned, finally raising my head from between the silken joining of her thighs. "Did you change your mind?"

Pamela moaned and replied, "If you want to lick my pussy like that, Jeremy, you can do whatever you want!"

For a moment, I extended my tongue and dabbed away at Pamela's belly button. Then, I trailed my lips and tongue up Pamela's torso - over her midriff and through her vast cleavage - and finally planted a deep kiss on her mouth.

"I heard you had an eventful time with Devon last night."

"Oh?" I gulped, unaware of where Pamela may be headed with that question. Again, I had no idea just how she was going to react. Was Pamela angry at me for that spending intimate time with Devon last evening after the words she and I shared earlier that same day? Perhaps this was my judgment day?

"Yeah ... that's what I heard," she mused. "You have sex with me in the afternoon, and then you're fooling around with Devon later that night. Of course, the night before, Monday, you and Amy had your little ... tryst. I heard ALL about it."

"I'm not sure what you're saying or implying with this?"

Pamela waved a finger in front of my face and grinned. "I want you to have your fun with these girls, Jeremy. I know that this island is - at least on the surface - a sex resort. But you told me your REAL reason for bringing me and all of the other girls to the island with you. You want love, and to get married. It's not a sex resort at all. This is like one of those reality dating shows on television, but with a very erotic twist."

"I trust you haven't told anyone..."

"Of course not," Pamela responded, shaking her head. "As I was saying, though, I want you to have your fun. I do."

"What do you mean?"

Pamela took a deep breath before answering, "No matter how many times you have sex with Devon or Amy, or even Trish, or Lindsay, or Camille ... or anyone else - Kristanna, perhaps, I just want ... I just want you to remember one thing."

"What's that?"

"No one could ever possibly love you, or care for you, more than me," Pamela said, those words sending vibrating down to my inner core. "I guarantee you that. No one would ever treat you any better. I am not just saying that, either. I mean it. I really do. And no one - and I mean NO ONE - would make you any happier than me. No one."

For the time being, I was totally speechless. No one had ever spoke such powerful words to me, or about me, before. I was completely unprepared for it, too. Pamela had totally broadsided me, but in the best way imaginable. The feelings that she had for me were already this deep and intense?

"I want to be with you," the 30-year-old added, promptly tossing her arms around my shoulders and offering a fierce, loyal hug. "I want you in my life, Jeremy. I want us to be together. We BELONG together. You know it, and I know it. Go and have your fun with the other girls. It's okay."

"Pamela..." I sighed, touched by her sincerity.

"I really understand the way you feel now, Jeremy. It is natural. You have a whole group of beautiful women here with you. All of them like you, want to get to know you better. You want to get to know them. You think, maybe, that you jumped the gun a little by telling me that I am your dream girl on just my second day here. Considering the circumstances, and the theme of this place, it's okay. If I were you, I'd want to look around a little bit too, before deciding which girl is best suited for me."

Was this woman reading my exact thoughts, or something?

Pamela grinned at me. "It is my job to show you - to PROVE to you, Jeremy - that I really AM your dream girl. Eventually, you will not even THINK about another woman. I am all the woman you will ever need." She smiled once again, then kissed me. "Just wait. You'll see."

When I did not respond, Pamela giggled. "You better be glad that I am not the jealous type, though. Carrying on with all these girls like you have. It's really, truly okay. I know that you'll ultimately choose me in the end."

"You've spent an awful lot of time with Amy," I told her.

"I know I have," Pamela nodded. "Your sex resort idea is a fantasy for me, too. I have been able to let loose and be totally carefree with Amy. She is the quite the interesting girl, with many layers and facets to her personality. I've enjoyed my time with her thus far. But I would trade all of it for a one-on-one commitment from you." Wow...

Pamela smiled and added, "When you are ready to make that commitment, Jeremy, I'll be waiting for you." Pamela kissed me flush on the lips and concluded, "You're worth the wait."


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Chapter 5
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 5: Cherry
Posted: June 05, 2012 - 08:49:06 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Once I stepped out of the elevator and made my way into the below-ground recreation room on this bright and colorful Thursday afternoon, I was momentarily stunned by the sight of Lindsay. The image of tender, sweet innocence, Lindsay was wearing a fluorescent orange halter-top which hugged and clutched her nubile young form in an exotic manner. Her taut, C-cup breasts were jutting outward upon the stretchy fabric. The 18-year-old also wore a pair of denim shorts, along with white socks and matching sneakers. Those legs were so very sleek, so toned ... so perfect. Her exquisite, long-flowing blonde hair looked fabulous tied into a girlish pony-tail, with her slender, delicate neck also on display.

After swimming several laps in the pool and then taking a shower, I decided to come down here to the recreation room to play another hour of _Final Fantasy X-2_ - the incredibly long and difficult video game for the _PlayStation 3_ console. As it was, I had 46 hours of _FF X-2_ game-play logged on the hard drive for the system. The game was a bit dated, having been released in 2003 for the _PlayStation 2_ console, but I had only caught onto it recently. It had quickly turned into my favorite video game of all-time, and I was determined to beat it. But all thoughts of playing games, needless to say, vanished once I saw Lindsay in the recreation room.

The precious angel was splayed out across a leather floor comforter, her sneaker-clad feet upon the carpet and knees raised, with a pair of large earphones around her head. Although she had the volume of the _Krell Home Theater Standard_ 7.1 preamp/processor turned high - I could hear loud, blaring music from the earphones all the way across the room - I could not make out exactly what artist and/or song Lindsay was listening to. I figured that it was one of those _boy bands_ which everyone (except for teen-age girls like Lindsay) seemed to despise. Or maybe Lindsay was into country music? Perhaps modern rock? Even rap? Hmmmmm...

Whatever the case, Lindsay offered me a glittering smile and quickly turned the stereo off once she realized that I was in the recreation room with her. She removed the pair of earphones from her head and greeted, "Hi there, sir."

"Sir?" was my immediate, stunned reaction. "SIR?"

"The Bible says submit to the authorities placed above you," Lindsay, who was quite the religious type, informed me. "You are the authority of this island. Me calling you _SIR_ is a way of treating you with the proper respect." She punctuated her statement with a shy, timid smile.

I chuckled inwardly. "I may be a lot of things, Lindsay, but I am DEFINITELY not a sir. Please ... call me Jeremy. I am not an authority figure here, either. I'm just the host. Again, please ... call me Jeremy. Please."

"If that is what you want, then so be it," she relented. "I will start over again. Hi there, Jeremy."

I nodded my head at her. "Afternoon there, Miss Lindsay. May I ask what you were listening to with the earphones?"

"Saving Jane," Lindsay responded, to which my mind drew an absolute blank. "You probably have no idea who they are, Jeremy. It is a band originally from Ohio. Gotta support the local music, you know. I knew of the group well before it went big-time national six years ago." Lindsay paused, then asked, "What type of music do you listen to?"

I shrugged my shoulders and answered, "To be honest, I like a little of everything. Variety. I think if I had to pick a favorite, it would be Richard Marx. I grew up in the late 1980's and early 1990's listening to his songs. He had two brand-new albums come out simultaneously near the end of 2008, I believe. I bought them as soon as I could. Also had a little Christmas album come out late last year."

"Richard Marx?" Lindsay asked, her blue eyes narrow. "I have never even heard of Richard Marx..."

I stifled a laugh and then shook my head. A good sign that you are getting older in life is when someone who is younger says that he or she has never heard of your favorite musical group or artist. Unfortunately, I was climbing that ladder fast. At times, it was difficult for me to accept.

"You're 38, right?" Lindsay said.

"Yes ma'am," I responded. "Some other types of music that I like are Van Halen, Poison, Def Leppard, Bryan Adams. I also like Rod Stewart and the current pop starlets such as Britney, Christina and Jessica. As I said ... variety. I was listening to some Guns n' Roses earlier today. I have even been known to have an Eminem CD in my player on occasion."

"Eminem? _YOU_ listen to Eminem, Jeremy? Wow."

I nodded my head. "He has an awful lot of talent."

"I've heard of a few of those older groups you mentioned," Lindsay told me, grinning. "Some guy I know likes to blast Guns n' Roses in his car." She was such a doll. A darling, fresh-faced 18-year-old just six days removed from her high school graduation, Lindsay was one of my naughtiest fantasies come to life. What sane man hasn't dreamed of corrupting the sweet and wholesome virgin in one way or another, and sending her along her rightful path in life? That being, of course, the path of sexual satisfaction and wanton fulfillment.

On the other hand, though, my more sensitive and caring side had its concerns. When I originally accepted Lindsay's application to come to the island, I did not know that she was still a virgin. Would I have brought Lindsay to the island if I knew that little fact about her beforehand? No.

My lone objective with all of these ladies, of course, was to hopefully find my soul-mate in life and then marry her. Would an 18-year-old virgin be looking for that type of commitment? I had already overheard Lindsay say to Trish, Amy and Camille (with the help of the voyeur room) that she was, in no way, looking to settle down. Perhaps I should have chosen someone a little older to fill the final spot? After all, there was a reason why the other five ladies - Devon, Pamela, Trish, Amy and Camille - ranged in age from 25 to 30. Amy, in fact, would be turning 31 in less than three weeks. They were (typically speaking) at the point in their lives when single women are starting to settle down and get married. That was my sole intent, remember.

Make no mistake about it, though - I was not complaining, or thinking that I had made an error in bringing Lindsay to the island. With her youth and inexperience, she brought a very different, fresh element to the mix. Maybe I should have selected someone older and more experienced, but...

Who knows? Maybe Lindsay would change her mind about making a commitment at her age. Maybe I would fall in love with her? Maybe she would fall in love with me? Maybe the two of us would get married and spend the rest of our lives, and all of eternity, incredibly happy together? Or perhaps Lindsay and I would not _click_ at all in a romantic sense? That was what these six weeks were about for me - evaluation. Although Devon and Pamela were at the head of the proverbial class right now, I really owed it to myself to evaluate _all_ of the women before making my true decision on which of them appealed to me the most. I owed it to them, as well.

"What is a nice girl like you doing in a place like this?" I asked Lindsay. "I already know that you are a virgin. You told me and Trish that during your first night here. Why did you agree to come to the island? Because of the money? It seems that you are a little ... out of your element ... here."

Lindsay frowned and nodded her head in response. "Yes ... because of the money. My family really needs the money."

"Oh?" I inquired, closing the distance between us and taking a seat across from her on the floor. "Why is that?"

"We need all the money we can get," Lindsay fretted in a hurt tone, momentarily tearing her gaze away from me.

I tilted my head and inspected the look on her face. Unfortunately, it appeared as if this little bundle of cheer and sweetness was about to cry. "What's wrong?"

"It's my father," Lindsay answered, her mouth twitching. "He ... he p-passed away ... N-N-No-November 4th, last year."

"Oh my..." I grieved, totally unaware of that. There was no mention of that on any of the paperwork she had filled out prior to her arrival. Nor did she ever bring it up during any of our discussions. The horrid news kind of blindsided me. "I'm so sorry, honey. What ... what happened?"

Lindsay sniffed her nose and sighed, "I came home from school one day with my sister, Alison. I was 17 then, and she was 16. We saw Dad l-laying on the s-s-sofa." Lindsay shook her head and added, "I thought he was sleeping, but then Alison noticed that his eyes were wide open. He had this totally blank, empty ... emotionless stare."

"Oh God..."

"We thought he may have been playing with us at first," Lindsay continued, fighting back her tears. "But then we realized that he wasn't breathing. There was no pulse." She took a deep breath and shook her head. "I got on the phone and called 9-1-1. They sent the paramedics, but they said there was nothing they could do. He was dead." Lindsay dipped her head low and began to cry. "They ... they said they would call the police and coroner, and then they left. They ... they left me and Alison all alone ... with our dead father on the sofa. Imagine what that was like for us! I thought ... I thought that was incredibly cruel of them."

I frowned and shook my head at the mere thought. "Must have been awful for you and your sister. Just awful..."

"He was only 46!" Lindsay exclaimed. "I nev-never once thought I would lose my father so ... so very young!"

As I sat across from her upon the floor, Lindsay covered her eyes and sobbed like this was a funeral. Although seven months had elapsed since her father passed away, Lindsay was still experiencing a tremendous amount of grief and pain. I have not lost either of my parents yet (thank God), so I did my best to put myself in her situation and feel the anguish. It was quite a grim thought for me, indeed.

"What happened to him?" I asked. "If I may... ?"

"Massive coronary," Lindsay interjected, now looking at me through her tear-stained eyes. She grabbed a nearby box of tissues and put several of them to good use. "That is the one thing I never understood. Daddy was in great health. He was always exercising, always going out, always active. I went on a 16 mile bike ride with him a week earlier. I can't believe that his heart gave out on him. _46_! HE WAS 46!" Lindsay began to cry harder as she added, "He w-w-won't be th-there to walk me down the aisle when I get m-m-married! He won't be there when I give b-birth to my first ch-child! He won't be there to be a grandpa for my kids!..."

I felt the urge to take Lindsay into my arms and comfort her, but did not have the courage to do so. I certainly did not want Lindsay to think that I was making a _move_ on her in what was obviously a very weakened state. Furthermore, did I _know_ Lindsay well enough to offer her a hug? I had no problem with the idea, of course, but she might. Still, I had to fight it. This girl needed a hug in the worst way possible. But somehow, I managed to keep my distance from her.

And, I am not above admitting that Lindsay was about to make _me_ cry. "He will be there in spirit, sweetheart."

Lindsay took several seconds to compose herself before speaking in a steady voice, "After Dad passed away, money became really tight. He did not have any life insurance and it left me, my mom and Alison in a really bad way. He did not have a lot of money saved up, either, unfortunately. I have two older sisters, too - Gina and Jennifer. Gina was living in Colorado, but she moved back to Ohio with us and helped out with the expenses. Food, clothes, mortgage and car payments ... me, my mom and my sisters, we all became a team. But none of us make a whole lot of money. I work at a supermarket and the best that I can do is $8.15 an hour."

"What do you do in the supermarket? Are you a cashier?"

"I work in cosmetics," she told me. Ahh, that made a lot of sense, I said inwardly. Lindsay was absolutely perfect for that job. She was the beautiful teen-age girl standing behind the cosmetics counter at your typical supermarket, smiling and being cheerful for every customer who came along. In addition, she was the female employee who was secretly lusted after and admired the most by her male co-workers.

"So the reason you came to the island was because of the money prospects?"

"I admit - it was the only reason," Lindsay sulked. "My family knew what I was getting myself into. They knew what was going to happen to me here. I was very straightforward and honest about it. My mom did not like me going to a sex resort, per se, but the allure of the money was too much. I cannot tell you how much $500,000 would help our family. Even if I get just $100,000, I would be so incredibly happy. I am going to give whatever I get to my mom. I hope ... it will help us get back on our feet, for sure."

More at ease, and in much better control of her emotions, Lindsay quickly added, "But now, I love the island. I came here for the money, yes. But everything that has happened to me thus far ... I cannot think of a better place to be. I miss my family and would rather be with them, I guess. But if I have to be away from them, I want to be on this island. I want to be here more than you would ever know. You have created a true dream atmosphere, Jeremy. This place is like a whole different world to me. Everyone is so nice." She giggled and added, "Even Amy is starting to grow on me..."

"Do your religious convictions make you want to save your virginity until your wedding night?" I asked, already knowing the answer. After all, Trish had asked Lindsay a very similar question during their first night together on the island. I, of course, eavesdropped on that discussion.

"Yes, they do," she admitted. "But I think that I am giving my virginity up here - whenever that happens - for a good cause. I know it will happen here. I have accepted that as fact. I am doing this to help my family. If I am to be condemned for helping my family, then so be it."

"You don't have to have sex here, you know," I reminded her. "You are not being forced into anything, Lindsay. I know that I am promoting a very open way of life here, but you do not have to have sex if you do not want to. You could just hang out here for six weeks and bask in the sun. If you want to wait until your wedding night, then by all means ... wait. The choice is up to you - and you alone. Do not feel obligated to surrender your virginity to anyone. It is certainly not a requirement of you being here. I want you to know that. I want you to understand it, too. You will receive your money regardless of the choice you make."

Lindsay smiled. "You make me feel so much at ease about everything, Jeremy. Not just this, but everything since I arrived here. All of the other girls would say the same, exact thing. You have made all of us feel at ease."

"That is my intention."

Lindsay sighed before admitting, "My religious side wants me to save myself for my wedding night, whenever that day comes. But I am a human being with desires. With or without this island, I seriously doubt that I would last until my wedding night." My eyes widened in pure surprise she added, "Alison, my younger sister, is still 16. Alison tells me ALL THE TIME that if God wanted everyone to wait until they were married to have sex, we as people would not be filled with lust and desires. I do not know if I agree with Alison, but that is the general attitude that I am trying to adopt here."

"I have been curious about so many things for such a long time," Lindsay continued. "It is just what Trish told me the other night - she has never been married, but has had sex before. Trish said despite that, she will go to Heaven. I do not think that I will be scrutinized by God and go to Hell if I lose my virginity on this island. And do not worry ... I will not have sex just to have sex. I still look at giving my virginity to someone else as a sacred thing. It will be with the right person." Trish?, I asked inwardly. Trish and Lindsay had been close to inseparable the past few days. "As I said, Jeremy, even though it won't be my wedding night, it will still be for a good cause. In being here, I am helping my family out. If we do not come across some money soon, Mom said that she may have to file for bankruptcy. I know that both of her credit cards are totally maxed-out."

I frowned. "Your family is missing out on your paycheck from the supermarket right now. Are they going to be okay for the next six weeks without your weekly income? I guess it is not much, but every little bit certainly helps."

"Mom said she thinks they will make it," Lindsay pined. "They know that I will bring home $100,000, at least. That is the light at the end of the tunnel for us. Until now, the only thing at the end of the tunnel for us was ANOTHER tunnel." Lindsay shook her head. "It's been really rough."

I took a deep breath and came to an immediate, sudden decision. With the amount of financial resources that I have at my disposal, it was truly the only decision that I could make. "If your only intention with this money, sweetheart, is to give it to your family in order to help them out..." I paused, re-evaluating that decision for an instant or two. I then came to the conclusion that there was nothing for me to re-evaluate. My heart told me to make her this offer. "What would you say if I called my financial guru in Utah, and had him forward $100,000 to your mom? Today? That way, your family would not have to wait six weeks for the money. They could have it right away."

Lindsay's eyes went wide and nearly exploded from their sockets. "ARE YOU SERIOUS? YOU ... YOU'D DO THAT FOR ME?"

"I see no reason why I shouldn't," I replied, shrugging my shoulders. "It's for a good cause - just as you said. Your mother could have the money in her bank account no more than five or ten minutes from now. I would need you to call her on the telephone and get her bank account number for me. Then I would call Harold, the financial guru from Utah, and instruct him to wire $100,000 to your mother's account."

"You ... you'd do that for us?" Lindsay was _shocked_.

I smiled at her. "Of course I would."

"OH MY STARS!"

Suddenly, Lindsay tossed her arms around me in a joyous embrace. Needless to say, the move stunned me. But now, I had a safe, legitimate reason to give her a hug of my own because she had instigated the physical contact between us. Thus, I wrapped my arms around that little body of Lindsay's and felt like never relinquishing her from my grasp.

"This does not, in any single way, disqualify you from getting the $500,000 grand prize," I told her. "You still could be the one, dear. We'll see in six weeks."

"THANK YOU, JEREMY!" Lindsay gushed. "THANK YOU!" She began to bounce and vibrate, her arms very tight and secure around my shoulders. "What could I ever do to re-pay you? My family is going to be _SO HAPPY_ with that money!"

When Lindsay pulled her arms away from me, I reluctantly did the same. Like anyone else would if in my position, I wanted to continue to relish the feel of her taut, little body against mine! God, this girl was so divine...

Lindsay made eye contact with me and squealed, "How in the WORLD can you afford to do this? Give all that money to my family? $100,000 to everyone else here, with the promise of $500,000 to one of us. This mansion, this big island of yours ... it all must cost you millions of dollars to buy!"

"Several of them," I informed her. "Many several."

"How can you afford this?" she reiterated. "I mean ... what exactly is it that you do, Jeremy? You have a job?"

"I have several business interests right now, but prefer to think of myself as semi-retired," were my words for her. "I don't have a quote-on-quote, job. Not anymore, at least."

"How did you make all this money?"

I did not want to offer specifics about the business side of my life to any of the ladies at such an early stage, but felt the need to open up to Lindsay. I think, in some way, she deserved to know (at least) a little about me. Besides, I was going to tell her and all of the others eventually, anyway. So why not start now?

"Back in the mid-1990's, I developed, what is now, one of the largest and most popular websites on the Internet. I also created a well-known web browser, called [Browser Name]. Many people use it all over the world. I sold the website, [Website Name].com, to a company in California for half a billion dollars." Lindsay appeared totally flabbergasted as I added, "After that, just a few months later, I sold the browser I created and developed for 300 million dollars. If you throw in all the money I made while still in control of the website and browser, and my income now from residuals and investments, the American stock market and my varying business interests, I'm roughly worth two billion dollars."

"Did y-y-you ... did you say ... two b-b-billion dollars?" Lindsay was completely astounded. "With a... _B_?" When I nodded my head at her, Lindsay sighed. "NO WONDER you can afford to live on an island like this, in this mansion! If I ... if I may ask ... how much did this mansion c-cost you?"

"The home itself, as well as everything in it, is valued at over 53 million dollars."

"WOW..." Lindsay moaned, still awestruck. "And I thought the $8.15 an hour that I make at the supermarket was good. At least for someone my age, that is. Wow..." She paused, lost in thought for a moment or two. "What do you do with your money, Jeremy? Could you ever spend all of it?"

"No, I could never spend all of it," I told her. "I take care of my family. My mom and dad - though separated and living thousands of miles apart - I've taken care of them. My two brothers and one sister, and their families. I have taken care of them, too. I like to help people. I fund a shelter over in Peru for homeless people."

Lindsay nodded. "So you invest one million dollars into the idea of bringing me and the other girls to your island? That is what you'll pay us in the end. One million, total. $100,000 for five, $500,000 for one. Not to mention, the price of the airline tickets to get here, too. All of our food and other miscellaneous expenses, too..."

I grinned. "It is turning out to be a wise investment. You six girls are better than I ever possibly imagined." All of them with the possible exception of Camille, that is. I did not like some of the things Camille had tried thus far. She had rubbed me the wrong way on a couple of occasions.

I smiled and hesitated before continuing, "Can I ask you something personal, Miss Lindsay? You do not have to answer if you do not want to. I would understand, and not mind."

"Sure," she giggled. "You can ask me anything."

I hesitated again. "How is it that someone who is as beautiful as you ... how can you still be a virgin at 18?" Lindsay seemed to fidget about somewhat at my question. "Aside from your religious views, you said that you are full of curiosity and desires. You said you were not going to last until your wedding night. Again, discounting your faith, is there any particular reason why a girl as sweet and as beautiful as you is still a virgin at 18?" Lindsay was really squirming and fidgeting about now. An incredibly humble type, no one (except perhaps her younger sister and, to a lesser extent, Trish) had spoken to Lindsay in this manner before. That was obvious. "I am sorry if that was too personal, dear. You don't have to answer it if you don't want to. I would understand. Me, I'm just nosey."

"No, it's okay." Lindsay took a deep breath. "Amy tells me every day that we're all friends here, and we should not hide anything from one another. Aside from wanting my first time having sex to be special, I just ... I never had much interest in boys my age. Up until now, I think, boys my age were my only opportunity at going out on a date. I just ... I think boys my age are so immature. I know that where I work - in the supermarket - a lot of the older men there called me _jailbait Lindsay_ until I turned 18 in December. I like a lot of those older guys, and they like me. But almost all of them are married, so they are off-limits. In fact, a lot of them STILL call me _jailbait_."

"What is the perfect age for a guy in your book?"

"38."

I smiled at the prospects. _I_ am 38. Of course, this little sweetheart already knew that.

"Actually, I like all older guys," she clarified. "I am attracted to one guy where I work, and he is in his 60's."

I laughed. "He would not be able to survive a night with you! So you did not enjoy dating boys in high school, huh?"

"I had one serious boyfriend," she admitted. "His name was Eddie. We dated for two years but I never had sex with him. He wanted me to, but I always found a way out of it. Eddie was nice and all - for a while, at least - but I could not see him as the guy I gave my virginity to. I did not love him at all. He was more a friend to me. We would go out, do things together. I guess we weren't serious."

"He was nice ... just for a while?"

Lindsay pouted. "One day, Eddie DEMANDED that I have sex with him, or our relationship was over. I was not about to let anyone talk to me that way, and make demands. I waved my hand at him and told him _bye-bye_. The pig..."

"Good for you! You have to stand up for yourself."

Lindsay glanced around the spacious recreation room for several seconds, but eventually focused on the collection of video game consoles that were lined up on the floor. She then looked at me, but pointed toward the game systems. "I was playing _Dead or Alive 4_ for _X-Box 360_ before you came down here, Jeremy. My cousin has that game. I love it."

"You love playing a martial arts, fighting game?" I asked her, somewhat surprised. Lindsay was too sweet and docile to be interested in a violent video game. Or so I thought.

"I've always enjoyed playing it," she told me. "Would you like to play it with me? Please? Competition!"

"Sure," I smiled, reaching for one of the controllers.

"You know the red-head in this game?" Lindsay asked, firing up the _X-Box 360_ system by turning its power on. "I forget her name, but she reminds me an awful lot of Amy. The red-headed karate girl with the enormous chest?"

"Kasumi?"

"Yeah!" Lindsay chirped. "That's her name! Kasumi! Do you agree with me? Doesn't she remind you of Amy?"

I thought things over for a moment or two. "Yes ... as a matter of fact, she does. Interesting observation, Lindsay. I would have never thought of it myself." And you remind me of Rikku, Lindsay, I said to myself. Rikku is a character in _Final Fantasy X-2_ - which was my favorite video game of all-time (at least right now). Lindsay and Rikku looked so much alike that they could easily pass as long-lost sisters.

After a few seconds, I told Lindsay, "Kasumi is also in another game - _Dead or Alive: Xtreme Beach Volleyball_. She wears a string bikini the whole game."

"I want to play that game instead now!" Lindsay squealed.

Wanting to help Louisa, the 76-year-old housekeeper, I began to clear the dining room table of all dishes and trays after dinner had concluded that evening. Amy, who worked as a waitress in her suburban Cincinnati hometown, decided to pitch in and help me with the clean-up too. Trish also lent a helping hand, although I told both ladies that I did not require or even want their help. They were, as I told them a few days ago, my guests. But Trish and Amy insisted...
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 5: Cherry
Posted: June 05, 2012 - 08:49:06 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

Lindsay, Devon, Pamela and Camille all said they were going to change into their bikinis and go down to the beach for a dip in the ocean before it got too dark. After the dishes were taken care of and the formal dining room was spic and span, Amy said that she was going to join them. The insatiable red-head planted a kiss on Trish's cheek and mine, then smiled and sashayed off to her room to change.

Like all of the other ladies, I hated for Amy to leave, but _LOVED_ to watch her go. What a magnificent ass! She wore a pair of cut-off denim shorts, which clung tightly to that shapely ass of hers, accentuating its gorgeous shape and erotic firmness to the greatest extent.

As I watched the young woman strut away, I paid special attention to that wondrous backside. Amy's lush, round ass jiggled and twitched seductively with each and every step, her hips swaying from side to side in an exaggerated fashion. She was giving Trish and yours truly a little tease show.

"I think there goes my real dinner," Trish offered, her pretty eyes also trained on Amy until she soon disappeared around the corner. "Yum-yum, give me some..."

"Trish!" I openly scorned her, albeit playfully. I shook my head and added, "What's the deal, sweetheart? Aren't you going to join the others down at the beach, too? It's only going to stay light outside for another hour or so."

"I will eventually," Trish said, smiling, her expression somewhat suggestive as she looked at me. Trish, along with Lindsay and Camille, had not been with me in any sort of sexual situation yet. I had been with Devon, Pamela and Amy, but not the first trio yet. Was that about to change?

Soft green eyes and a lovely, cover-girl face gave Trish an innocent edge to her otherwise sex machine of a body. At 5-foot-4 and 118 pounds, not only was Trish very physically fit, but she was also incredibly voluptuous, too.

A fitness instructor in the Toronto area, Trish could easily pass as a centerfold model in an adult magazine. She had all of the qualifications for it, too. Not only was the blonde supremely stacked, with that immaculate face of hers to boot, but she also had a smile which could brighten even the darkest of rooms. Trish could really be a supermodel if she wanted to give the profession a try.

But the 30-year-old also had a charming personality and infectious attitude which drew others to her. I found myself thinking this about most of the ladies here, but it was the truth. All of them were very friendly and easy-going. Even Camille, though I did not like her right now because of her recent behavior, had her good moments.

As for Trish, that smile of hers was what always got me. Instead of calling it _pretty_ or _lovely_, let me say that Trish's smile could best be described as _genuine_. It was beautiful, indeed, but Trish seemed to convey a series of good vibes and positive emotions through her smile. It was the type of smile which clearly indicated that she was a warm-hearted and loving kind of woman. The type of woman, I am not afraid to say, that I one day wanted to marry.

Trish also seemed to possess a certain sense of poise and confidence about herself that I also found very attractive. She was not confident in an arrogant way, or even an outgoing way. Rather, Trish's confidence was subtle and mostly hidden below the surface. I could tell just from watching her these few days that Trish was a go-getter; she was goal-oriented and strived for nothing but the best in life. I liked that. That was, of course, my type of woman as well.

"I remember from your profile that you are a big-time fan of professional hockey," were my words for Trish, wanting to strike up an innocent conversation. "Correct?"

"Oh yes," she responded. "I love my hometown team - the Maple Leafs. I've been to a ton of their games over the years. You know that us Canadians just love our hockey, eh?"

I grinned at her. "I'm not much of a hockey fan, but I always heard that you actually have to go to a game instead of watching the sport on television to fully appreciate it. Then, after going to a game, you are hooked on it."

Trish nodded her head. "Yes, that's true. If we were in Canada, Jeremy, I would offer to take you to a Leafs' game. I would get you hooked on hockey. It is a great sport."

"I would gladly go with you, Trish."

"The Maple Leafs missed the postseason for the sixth consecutive year this year, unfortunately." Trish shook her her head and added, "It is seven of you count the lockout in 2004-2005 where the entire season was cancelled. You know, I was expecting them to go really far this year, but things did not turn out that way. I thought they had a chance to win the Stanley Cup. But ... I think that every year. I am forever the optimist when it comes to the Leafs." Trish shrugged her shoulders. "Up until a month or so ago, I was a fan of the Vancouver Canucks and the Ottawa Senators."

"Oh? Why is that?"

Trish frowned. "Those were the only two teams from Canada that even made the postseason this year. And, of course, both the Canucks and Senators lost in the first round - Vancouver to Los Angeles, and Ottawa to New York."

I chuckled gently. "Ahh ... a bandwagoner, huh?"

"Not exactly," Trish corrected me. "Mostly everyone in my country was rooting for Vancouver and Ottawa simply because they were, as I said, the only two teams from Canada to even make the postseason. People were high on Vancouver. They had the best record of any team in the regular season, but the Los Angeles Kings pretty much destroyed them in the first round. Ottawa was an eighth seed, going against a one in New York, and lost the decisive game seven on the road. They really should have won that series, though."

"Canadians want their country's teams to win?"

"It is really just a national pride thing for us," Trish explained. "Hockey is Canada's game. To bring the Cup home to Canada is where we feel it rightfully belongs. You see, Jeremy, hockey is a religion in my country."

"Has a champion been crowned yet?"

"No, game one of the Stanley Cup Finals was just last night. Los Angeles beat New Jersey, 2-1. I think the Kings are going to win it all. They have been unstoppable since the postseason started."

"You must be keeping up with the action here?"

Trish nodded. "I watched a live feed of game one on the Internet in the recreation room on Wednesday evening." She rolled her eyes and continued, "The Kings winning the Cup seems impossible to me. They have been for so many years. What that means, of course, for Canada ... the wait continues. The last team from Canada to win the Cup was Montreal some 19 years ago. That was _1993_. Before Lindsay was born! Hockey is Canada's game, and the Cup should belong to us."

"You sure love hockey," I observed. "I have talked more about it with you than everyone else combined in my life."

Trish giggled. "Hockey is everything in my country."

"My oldest brother, Dan, is a big-time hockey fan," I told her. "I remember there was a video game he loved playing back in the day - _NHL '94_. To this day, he still says it is the best hockey game for a video game system ever made."

"I agree," Trish said. "Nothing comes close. I'm a bit of a video game geek myself. A gamer girl."

"I'm more a baseball, basketball and football sort of person," I offered. "Professional, that is. I have my favorite baseball and football teams in Cincinnati, and then for basketball, the Lakers from Los Angeles. I know nothing of the Kings in hockey, though."

"The Lakers lost to Oklahoma City in the playoffs," Trish mused. "I saw that coming. They barely survived the first round against Denver. I think the Lakers' days of winning championships are over unless they make some changes to the team. They are getting old, and old fast. They could not keep up with the Thunder. But then again, who can? They are my pick to win the NBA Finals this year."

"When is game two for hockey?"

"Between the Kings and Devils?" she clarified. "Saturday night. Why do you ask?"

I shrugged my shoulders and answered, "I'll watch it with you if you don't mind the company." Trish smiled at the idea as I added, "Perhaps you could teach me a few things about the game? You are obviously an expert at it."

"I would love that!" the 30-year-old beamed. "Now ... if I could just make you into a Leafs' fan."

I laughed and countered, "I don't know about that."

"Reds, Bengals and Lakers, eh? You used to live in those cities, correct, Jeremy? That is what Devon was telling me and Lindsay yesterday, at least."

"Ohio for 12 years, New Jersey for six, California for four, with a short spell in Oregon, and then the last 16 on this tropical island." I chuckled before adding, "You know that Lindsay and Amy are from the same county where I lived in Ohio? I would call it a coincidence, but it's really not. One of the reasons why I chose Lindsay and Amy was because they, along with me, are from the same area."

"Amy lives more in the city while Lindsay is out in the country," Trish said. "That is what Devon was telling me, at least. They live only a couple of miles apart. I asked Lindsay, and she confirmed it."

I nodded my head. "Lindsay is from a really small town. That is why, I think, she seems so shy and reserved."

Trish flashed that remarkable smile once again. "I like Lindsay just the way she is. That girl is the sweetest little thing that I have ever seen." She giggled and added, "I want to take Lindsay home and play _house_ with her for the next 60 years. Nothing would ever make me any happier."

"Tell me about your family, dear."

Trish grinned again. "There is my mom and dad, and I have two younger sisters. Christie is 29 - one year younger than I am - and Melissa is 20." She hesitated before continuing, "It seems kind of strange because Lindsay is only 18. I always think that Melissa is so young and immature. But I'm crazy in love with someone who is even younger than she is." Trish flashed another smile. "Christie looks exactly like I do. The only difference is that Christie is a brunette."

I laughed. "That sure would be a vision ... two of you!"

"What do you mean?" Trish asked, twirling several strands of her long-flowing blonde hair around a single fingertip.

"You're a very beautiful, very smart and kind-hearted woman," I responded. "If your sister looks just like you do, and more importantly ACTS like you do ... wow, that would really be something. You're enough temptation for me as it is by yourself. Two of you would blow my senses."

"Oh ... that's so sweet," Trish cooed, batting her eyes.

I took a step back and smiled at the amazing beauty that was Trish. She wore a little pair of red spandex shorts, which ended several inches above her kneecaps. Her red top was equally body-hugging as well. It was very tight with a deep, plunging neckline, maximizing the appearance of her formidable cleavage. She also wore a pair of white sneakers and matching socks. Lastly, Trish had a white sweatband tugged across her forehead, with the crimson-red _Nike_ logo remaining visible to fully complement her athletic attire.

Indeed, I was very attracted to this beautiful woman. And that attraction was multiplying by the second.

"Have you ever been to my country, Jeremy?"

I nodded my head. "Yes, I have. It was in 2001, if I'm not mistaken. I had a business meeting all afternoon, then caught a baseball game that night at the _SkyDome_."

Trish flashed that genuine smile of hers once again. "You should have come and seen me back then, Jeremy. If it was in the spring or summer of 2001, I was only 19. I would have loved to catch a Blue Jays' game with you. We could have went out, seen the town ... had a good time together."

"Unfortunately, I did not know you back then," I grinned. "Else ... I would have gladly took you to the game." If I did know Trish in 2001, I said inwardly, she and I may very well be married right now. I could easily envision that...

"If I'm not mistaken, the game was on June 30, 2001," I told her, the details of that day and night coming back to me. "Toronto lost to the Boston Red Sox, 6-5, I believe."

"I was 19 then," Trish nodded. "2001 ... the Blue Jays had a bad year. I think we finished in third place."

"We? You must REALLY love sports," I commented, smiling. I know that there are several men out there in the world who would love to have a wife or girlfriend who was as interested in sports - both spectator and participatory - as was Trish. I was not a fanatic when it came to sports by any means, but they had always given me a good source of entertainment.

"My dad caught a foul ball when I was five," Trish mused. "It was at the old _Exhibition Stadium_ in Toronto, well before _SkyDome_ was built. It was my first-ever baseball game. Dad let me have the ball. I still have it on display in my house. I got the pitcher that night, Jimmy Key, to autograph it for me. Doug DeCinces of the Angels hit it. I can still see the ball coming right at us off of his bat."

"I came close to catching a foul ball once at a Reds' game in Cincinnati, with my brother," I countered. "I think I was 10 or 11. It was during batting practice. The ball was coming right at me, but someone from behind caught it at the last possible second. I was so mad. Eric Davis hit it. He was my favorite player growing up." I paused for a brief moment before asking her, "You follow football at all?"

Trish smiled again. "I went to my first NFL game back in December 2008. The Buffalo Bills played the Miami Dolphins in Toronto at _Rogers Centre_ which, of course, used to be called _SkyDome_. The game was boring; Miami won it 16-3. Buffalo will be playing another game in Toronto in 2012 ... I already have plans to go and see it as well. I am not really a fan of theirs, but I love watching the NFL and seeing it live for the first time in 2008 was pretty awesome."

I smiled. "You are a living, breathing encyclopedia when it comes to sports, Trish. You know a whole lot more about them than I do. I have never met a woman like you."

"What has happened thus far during these four days is much different than what I expected," Trish admitted, deciding to change the subject. I wanted to talk more sports with her...

"What do you mean?"

"I fully expected you to have all of us in some sort of non-stop orgy by now. With all of the money that you're paying us, I was really expecting nothing less. I thought that you would be some sort of big-shot playboy type of guy."

"I might still turn out to be that way," I wryly retorted, shrugging my shoulders in an innocent fashion.

"I don't think so," Trish grinned, shaking her head. "You seem entirely too nice and sweet to be a pervert. I think you're a good guy who has some naughty fantasies. That is what this whole thing is about. Yeah..."

I laughed softly. "I shall take that as a compliment. Tell me, Trish. Is this a complaint of yours? Do you WANT to be in an orgy right now, and for me to be a pervert?"

She shook her head again. "No, not at all. I'm glad that you're allowing us, as you said earlier in the week, to go at our own pace. Thank you, Jeremy. Thank you."

"Your comfort is my goal," I reminded her. "That is my motto for these six weeks. If you are not comfortable, Trish ... or any of the others are not comfortable for that matter, then I'm not accomplishing my goal. Very simple."

Smiling, Trish leaned upward and planted a simple kiss on my cheek. I was not expecting it from her and thus, I now found myself blushing beet-red. Trish's smile became even brighter as she gauged my heartfelt, sincere reaction.

"Thank you for making this a lot easier than it should be," she said, leaning up and kissing my cheek again. "For a long time, I was apprehensive about coming here. About what I may have gotten myself into. The way you have treated us, though ... it is the best-case scenario that I could ever ask for. You've been a perfect gentleman, Jeremy, and I see no reason why that would ever change. You've made this - the idea of living on a remote island in a strange house with a man I never met before - so very easy. Not to mention five other girls I never met before, either. Again, thank you."

"You're welcome," I told her, still somewhat embarrassed. I touched my face with my right hand, then looked at it for several seconds. I could not believe that Trish had kissed me. Of course, I was not complaining about it. No way...

"I also wanted to thank you for what you did for Lindsay, and her family," Trish smiled. "Lindsay was telling me all about it earlier. She said her mom already has the money. That was incredibly sweet and gracious of you, Jeremy. I was even thinking of wiring Lindsay's family some money myself. I have a little stash of my own in the bank."

"You really care for that girl ... don't you?"

Trish shrugged her shoulders and offered an impish grin. "Like no one ever before, yes. I'm in love with Lindsay."

"Have you told her that yet?"

Trish pouted for an instant and replied, "No, not yet. I don't want to scare her off, or anything. I've been down that road before, but on the opposite side. I want to go slow with her. You know, Lindsay is worth the wait, eh?"

I nodded my head. "I agree. She is worth the wait."

Trish giggled and pointed toward the dining room exit. "I better get going if I want to catch up with the others before they all hit the beach. Why don't you join us, Jeremy? Maybe we can build a bon-fire and have a long talk? Everyone could sit around the fire. It would be fun."

"Sounds like a plan," I grinned. "I'll be down in a bit. I need to change into my swimming trunks."

"I need to change too," Trish squealed, before smiling once again. "I'm all dressed up in my workout gear because I was in the exercise room before dinner. That place is so huge. It shames the fitness club in Toronto where I work. This mansion has everything a person could ever want."

I tilted my head and asked, "Can we talk again like this? I like talking to you, Trish. You're a neat person."

"Of course we can."

"Good."

Trish smiled again. "I better go and change if I want to go to the beach with the others. See you there too, Jeremy?"

When I nodded my head, Trish waved her hand at me and then turned to walk away. Just like moments ago with Amy, I hated for Trish to go ... but _LOVED_ to watch her leave. I fully appreciated a round, firm ass encased in spandex...

"God..." I moaned a short time later, my body full of sexual anxiety, as I made my way into my personal suite. "What a lady!" I added, shaking my head. Now, Trish was nipping at the heels of Devon and Pamela as the woman at the forefront of my thoughts - and for good reason. Trish was a goddess! Not only that, but Trish was also a true sweetheart! I wanted the opportunity to get to know Trish on a much more personal (and intimate) level. Of course, the same could be said for all of the ladies here too. I was still willing to give Camille another chance...

As I turned the corner and was about to whisk my shirt off, I suddenly froze up, and my eyes nearly exploded at what they saw in front of me.

Lounging upon my own bed was the darling Lindsay, who simply wore an oversized night-shirt on her nubile body. Perched upon her side, Lindsay propped her head up with an elbow and offered me a nervous smile. I got the sense that Lindsay wanted to be bold, but her shy and humble nature was holding her back somewhat. Still, the question begged...

"What are you doing here?" I managed to get out, admiring her silky blonde hair as it was pulled into a pony-tail. Not only was I surprised with Lindsay's presence, but my heart was suddenly beating at a rapid rate of speed. Indeed, what was Lindsay doing here right now? Why was she wearing just a night-shirt and laying upon my bed? I thought she was going to the beach with the others. That was what she claimed.

One of my house rules was that no one was allowed into my personal suite without my explicit permission. Obviously, I did not invite Lindsay to come waltzing in here this evening. This was the one rule that I wanted to place the most amount of emphasis on, but Lindsay - of all people - violated it. She had entered my private bedroom without my content.

Thus, I was seething inside. I was angry. Beside myself. But of course, I would never let Lindsay know those feelings. I refused to display any sort of negativity around her. I was not the type of person to express any dissatisfaction while in the presence of beautiful ladies - especially toward those who were on my island. I was just happy that all of them were here. The last thing I wanted to do was make the group of ladies angry at me. The best way to avoid that, I figured, was to always give in and do whatever they wanted.

"I wa-want to have s-sex with y-you," Lindsay stammered. "Would you ... would you like that? Right now? With m-me?"

"_WHAT_?" I asked, stunned.

Lindsay shook her head and fussed, "You are the nicest person that I have ever met in my life, Jeremy. You're also the easiest to talk to. If I lose my v-virginity on th-this island, which I will, I think it should happen with y-you."

I would be a fool to not be interested in what Lindsay was offering me, but my more sensitive side had its concerns - as it always did. "Are you ready for that, Lindsay? You were telling me just earlier today that you want your first time to be special. If not someone you love, at least someone who is a friend. You and me ... we just met this week, honey. I ... I don't want to take something important from you, and then for you to regret it in the future."

"I don't think I would regret it," Lindsay stressed. She took a deep breath and found the courage within herself to go forward with her proposal. "Look at what you did for my family! I overheard Devon telling Camille that none of us will ever find a nicer and more honorable man than you. I won't ever regret losing my virginity to you, Jeremy, because I think you'll make me feel special. I just KNOW it."

"Can you sleep on this?" Although my cock was so hard that it actually hurt in my trousers, that was my initial, gut reaction. I did not want Lindsay to make a mistake and then regret it in the future. "Sleep on this, sweetheart. Think about it ... I just want you to be sure."

"Out of all the possibilities, I never thought someone would refuse me when I offered to have sex with them for the first time!" Lindsay whined. "There is nothing for me to sleep on, or think about. I want to have sex with you, Jeremy." Lindsay finally seemed assured and confident in what she was saying to me. "And I want it _RIGHT NOW_!"

"Lindsay, I just don't want for..."

"Don't you like me?" she cried, cutting my words off.

"Of course I like you!" I moaned. "You are a very nice, very beautiful young lady. I like you a lot. I just ... I don't you to make a mistake and regret it. I don't want you to think that you HAVE to do this. I was never looking for any favors when I sent your mom that money, dear. I don't want you to feel compelled to do this. You don't have to. Please don't feel that you owe this to me because of what I did for you and your family. You don't owe me a thing. I had no ulterior motives in wiring that money to your mom. I did it ... because it was the right thing to do."

"Why are we even having this discussion?" Lindsay fussed. "What is there to talk about? Why aren't you kissing me? Better yet, why aren't you making love to me right now? Do I have to throw myself at you like Amy to get what I want?"

Okay. That was it.

I took a deep breath and nodded my head in agreement. How could I resist this virgin teen-ager who wanted to have sex with me so badly that she was actually crying about it? "If this is what you want, sweetheart, then ... then I can help."

"Good!" Lindsay beamed. "Trish should be here real soon."

I gulped my throat and clarified, "T-Tr-T-Trish?"

"I left a note in our room for her to come here to your room and meet me," Lindsay cooed, her face suddenly turning red. "I want Trish to be here too. I want her to take part in everything ... I want her with us."

I gulped my throat again. "You want a ... a three-some?"

"I think it would be wild!" Lindsay exclaimed. "To lose my virginity in a three-some would be an absolute, dream come true! Don't worry, Jeremy. Trish likes you. I want you to take my virginity, but I also want Trish here, too. I want her to HELP you take it from me."

"Sweetheart, I don't..."

"What's going on here?" Trish asked, suddenly appearing in the open doorway behind me. Her eyes went wide at the sight of young Lindsay wearing the oversized night-shirt. "I got your ... what in the ... what are you doing, Lindsay?"

The 18-year-old took a long, deep breath and responded, "I want to have sex with you and Jeremy. Right now."

"Both of us?" Trish screeched, momentarily looking at me. When I shrugged my shoulders at her, Trish re-focused all of her attention onto Lindsay. "Are you sure, honey?"

"I'm more sure about this than anything," she answered. "To be with my two favorite people in the world - you and Jeremy - for my first time. It would be so special." The little blonde moaned and licked her lips at the mere sight of her girlfriend. "I want you so much, Trish. Ever since I saw you at the airport in Miami this past Monday, I knew that you were the girl for me. Your body is so hot. It is everything that I have ever dreamed about in another girl. I ... I know I haven't said to you yet, but it's the truth."

Suddenly very interested, Trish stepped forward and climbed onto the bed with Lindsay. "I know that you are still a virgin, honey. Are you positive about this, eh?"

Lindsay nodded. "Yes, positive. Without a doubt."

"Even after our long talk from earlier? When we talked about waiting, and letting things happen naturally?"

"This seems perfectly natural to me."

"Are you ABSOLUTELY positive you want this right now?"

"Yes."

"Why now?"

"Now seems like the right time."

"There is no possible chance you will regret doing this?"

"None whatsoever," Lindsay guaranteed.

Literally glowing, Trish glanced at me for a quick moment before turning her full attention back toward Lindsay. "I have never had a three-some before." She bit her lower lip and cooed, "This will be something new for me, too."

Lindsay nodded her head and smiled. "We can all share in it together ... the three of us. It will be perfect."

"Would you like to kiss me right now?"

Lindsay went short of breath. "Oh dear God ... yes."

Trish curled her neck and met the young woman's lips with her own for a very slow-moving, deep kiss. Pure and total excitement seemed to wash over Lindsay's face all at once as Trish literally serenaded her mouth with the most gentle, loving kiss that she could possibly offer.

The erection within my trousers was reaching monumental proportions as I stood off to the side and took in the natural, untamed beauty that was Lindsay. She was a magnetic and gorgeous little thing, with her flowing, yellow-blonde hair up in a pony-tail, her wholesome smile, her slender legs, those taut breasts and immaculate, unblemished skin.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 5: Cherry
Posted: June 05, 2012 - 08:49:06 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

I then recalled a thought that I had about Lindsay during her first day here. Indeed, it seemed as if she belonged on a homecoming float somewhere right now. Lindsay was so tantalizingly young and innocent. She appeared to be no older than a sophomore or junior in high school...

I actually had to remind myself on more than one occasion that Lindsay was of legal age (albeit, just barely). Why was this little girl on my island right now? Wasn't there a high school mathematics class that she should be attending? That was another thought that dawned upon me. Then, I reminded myself that Lindsay already graduated from high school - a mere six days ago. She reminded me of jailbait. No wonder she earned that nickname from her co-workers...

I was so lost in my naughty ideas that I did not realize that the mutual kiss between Lindsay and Trish had reached its conclusion until the Canadian's voice broke my trance.

"Would you like to kiss Jeremy now, honey?"

Her face flushed red once again, Lindsay turned her focus toward me and nodded her head. Wow, I said inwardly. There was a thick blotch of lipstick - courtesy of Trish's mouth - on Lindsay's cheek. Now, my cock began pulsating.

"Come here, Jeremy," Trish instructed me, her right arm outstretched. "Come here and get a kiss from Lindsay."

Stepping forward, I climbed onto the bed and offered Lindsay my most reassuring smile. There was plenty of hesitation on her part, but she was also incredibly aroused. The look in those pretty, sea-blue eyes of hers told me so.

"Kiss her," Trish instructed me, but I too, hesitated.

"You kiss me," I said to Lindsay, wanting her to make the first move between us. This had to be her decision.

An instant later, as I stood on my knees upon the bed, the teen-ager moved upward and pressed her lips to mine for a soft, delicate kiss. Now seated behind her, Trish reached forward with her right hand and gently ran it over and across Lindsay's tight, little ass. I wondered whether or not she had panties on underneath her thin night-shirt.

Lindsay moaned and broke our kiss, then turned her head and glanced back at Trish as she now used both hands to gently squeeze and massage her ass.

"You like that, baby?"

Lindsay closed her eyes and sighed for a moment, then nodded her head. "Yes ... very much so. I ... I like your hands ... touching me. I like it ... a lot."

"You have a beautiful body," Trish complimented her. "You are so, so gorgeous, and precious." Lindsay blushed yet again as Trish added, "Is it okay if I take your shirt off?"

When Lindsay nodded her head in response, Trish smiled.

"It's like unwrapping a birthday present," the 30-year-old swooned, gently lifting Lindsay night-shirt up, and over, her head. The luscious vixen was decked out in a simple white bra and panties. Her face was so red now that it seemed as if she had just dunked it into a can of fresh paint. I would bet my bottom dollar that Lindsay's heart was racing, too. This was totally unchartered territory for her.

"It's okay, baby," Trish soothed, encircling Lindsay's body with both arms from behind. "You are such a pretty girl. There is nothing for you to be embarrassed or shy about. Nothing at all. You're the most beautiful girl in the whole, wide world. Be proud of your body and the way you look. Don't be scared. You should feel good, because Jeremy and I want to look at you, and admire you. We want to worship you. And trust me, we will worship you. We will worship you from head to toe all night long." Trish planted a kiss on Lindsay's bare shoulder. "You really are like a birthday present to me, sweetie. My birthday may not be until December, but you're still a present to me. June or not. The best present I have ever received!"

"You're a present to me, too," Lindsay whispered. "Hey, my birthday is in December too. December 4th."

"Mine is the 18th," Trish countered. "Sagittarius rule!"

Lindsay giggled. "I'm not into that zodiac stuff."

"Why don't you take your shirt off, Jeremy?" Trish said to me. "Let Lindsay have a look-see at your chest."

"Can I take it off myself?" Lindsay asked, her voice low.

Trish's smile went even wider. "Of course you can."

I allowed every muscle within my body to relax as Lindsay gathered the lower half of my t-shirt with her hands and pulled it upward. She lifted my arms and soon, my t-shirt was a distant memory. Lindsay reached out and ran her hand across my left pectoral, licking her lips in the process. Ripples of pleasure cascaded all throughout my body in response to the feel of her delicate hand and fingertips on my skin. Lindsay really seemed to enjoy touching my chest.

"How about my top, eh?" Trish cooed, gaining Lindsay's full attention. "Would you like to take my top off now?"

Again, Lindsay nodded her head. Then, she sucked in her breath once lifting the front of Trish's aerobic top over her head. Her eyes now glazed over with lust, Lindsay took in the lovely sight. "Your breasts are so beautiful, and big," she said, her voice soft and breathless. "Wow..."

Trish giggled at the compliment. "Would you like to touch them, honey? Maybe even kiss them? Go right ahead. Do whatever you please to them."

"Kiss them," Lindsay squealed, before leaning over and attaching her lips to one of Trish's plump, juicy nipples. The temptress immediately began slurping and sucking on that nipple as if she was an infant seeking nourishment.

When I made eye contact with Trish, we exchanged a series of glowing smiles. She was floating somewhere high in the Heavens right now. It was clearly obvious that Lindsay was Trish's ultimate fantasy come to life. Right now was, without a doubt, the greatest moment of Trish's entire life thus far. I could tell just by looking into her eyes. She was head-over-heels in love with Lindsay. Thus, I was happy for Trish. I also felt very privileged to be a part of such a unique moment. Words could never do it justice.

Trish crooked a finger and motioned for me to come closer to her. When I did, she sought my lips out with her own, and we shared a deep, tongue-filled kiss. All the while, Lindsay continued feasting on that sensitive nipple.

When our kiss concluded, Trish cradled Lindsay's head with her hands and gently nudged her away from her breasts. "I have something even better in mind, honey. Something even better for you to suck on." Trish's eyes drifted toward me and she purred, "Take your cock out, Jeremy."

As my heart literally skipped a beat because of those words, Lindsay turned her face and immediately glanced down at my crotch. Once I slid my pants and briefs southward, and my bulging erection came into view, Lindsay again licked her lips. Meanwhile, Trish scurried off of the bed and dropped down to her knees upon the carpeted floor.

"Come down here with me," Trish instructed Lindsay. "All guys really love it when we suck their cock on our knees."

Lindsay did was what requested of her - gliding off of the bed and then settling down onto her knees upon the floor - but she seemed to fidget about somewhat. "This isn't the most comfortable position, you know," was her comment.

Trish giggled at her. "It'll be okay, baby. My knees used to hurt too. But you'll get used to it eventually. Whenever I have had a boyfriend in the past, it seemed as if I spent a _LOT_ of time on my knees for him." She giggled again and chirped, "You'll have knees of steel here, soon!"

Trish's words made me groan, but I think they flew right over Lindsay's head. The darling 18-year-old may not have even heard them at all. Her gaze was suddenly transfixed on my hard, throbbing shaft.

Trish smiled at her. "You like that big, juicy cock, eh?"

Lindsay moaned. "Yes ... I ... I love it. I ... I always wondered what one would look like, up-close and personal."

Trish tilted her head to the side. "Do you want me to show you how to suck it?"

"God, yes..."

Using her right hand, Trish grasped the base of my shaft and gently frigged it before slipping its length into her warm, velvety mouth. My senses nearly exploded in a sea of lust as she slowly bobbed her head back-and-forth across it.

Still fidgeting about upon her knees, Lindsay was next to Trish and looking at her with curious eyes. Trish removed her hand from the base of my shaft and glided it down to my testicles, then inhaled my full length into her mouth. Trish glanced up at me and smiled, then withdrew my erection from between her moist, pouty lips, and offered it to Lindsay.

"Nothing in the whole, wide world tastes any better than a big, hard cock," were her words. "Go ahead, baby. Take it into your mouth and get a taste."

Little Lindsay did what she was told, but only after admiring the sight of my bulging shaft for several seconds. She eventually opened her sweet, young mouth, and took my erection inside. She clamped her bright red lips around its diameter and instinctively slid her tongue across its thick, pulsing head. I was about to lose it already...

Off to the side, Trish looked on and smiled in approval. "That's it, Lindsay. Any normal man will get excited by pumping his cock in-and-out of your mouth or pussy. They really love the in-and-out movement. So when you're sucking Jeremy's cock, slide it around, move it back-and-forth. If you want, you can also pump and squeeze it with your hand. Don't do it too fast, though, unless you want him to blow. Usually, you'll want your man to last as long as possible because it prolongs the pleasure for both you and him."

"Blow?" Lindsay asked, popping her lips off the tip of my cock. She followed Trish's advice, though, and gripped its base. "Is that when he'll shoot the white cream out?"

"Yes, sweetheart. When a man cannot take any further excitement, he will cum, or ejaculate. That's the white cream that you're referring to. You really want to make his pleasure last, as well as yours, as long as you can. But there will be times that you'll want to go fast, too. It really depends on each specific situation, and the mood. Right now, though, try and make it last as long as possible. In other words, be slow and gentle. Make love to his cock."

Lindsay nodded her head and then swallowed my shaft back into her exquisite, suck machine of a mouth.

"If you want to know a secret, the most sensitive part of a man's cock is the underside - behind the tip." Trish's green eyes flashed as she added, "If you lick it with your tongue while you suck him off, it will drive him crazy."

Lindsay withdrew most of my shaft from her wondrous mouth, then placed the tip of her tongue on the spot that Trish suggested. She rapidly slid her tongue across it while also sucking and slurping away on the head of my shaft.

Suddenly, my knees felt very weak "Oh God..." I moaned, reminding myself that I was invading a virginal mouth. There was so much pleasure for me right now that I feared that I may just faint. But, Lindsay seemed like a natural for this. Even at this early stage, I believe she had the potential to be an expert when it came to sucking cock. Lindsay certainly had an excellent instructor to show her the ropes...

Trish giggled. "Only use your tongue on that area of his cock for a few seconds at a time, unless you want him to cum for you." Lindsay pulled back as Trish continued, "If you want him to cum, lick that spot while you suck him. Now, take him back into your mouth and suck him off slowly. Make it last for both you and him. Again, do it slowly..."

"Oh God..." I moaned again, tossing my head back. I took a deep breath and glanced down at Trish, whose right hand was continually patting and massaging Lindsay's firm, little ass through the white panties she still had on. I shook my head and proclaimed, "You've turned into a blowjob coach."

Trish giggled again. "I'm imparting my years of wisdom upon Lindsay. I've sucked a lot of cock in my life, you know, and I'm more than happy to teach others how to do it."

"Lindsay is a good student," I growled, the level of pleasure within me reaching epic heights. "REAL good."

"Is it okay if I take your bra off now, sweetie?"

Gone was the usual look of embarrassment and shy nature on Lindsay's lovely, pristine face. She was so much into the glorious act of servicing my cock with her mouth that she yanked her own bra downward, seemingly without a thought, exposing her breasts. Trish finished the job by unhooking Lindsay's bra in back, and then tossing it elsewhere.

In no way was Lindsay the deep-throat specialist that some of the other ladies on the island had proven to be. Thus, Lindsay could only fit a little more than half of my full erection into her mouth. Still, I was not complaining. The simple fact that Lindsay was a virgin and that my shaft was the first she had ever tasted more than made up for whatever lack of skill she possessed. Thus, because of that, this was - _BY FAR_ - the best blowjob that I had ever received!

"We need to get that cock inside of you," Trish cooed, gently pulling Lindsay's head away from me. She turned her face toward Lindsay's and offered her a deep, probing kiss. Her hands now playing with each of Lindsay's ripe, perfect breasts, Trish finally broke the kiss and moaned, "Oh yes ... we need to get that big cock inside of you."

As good as that sounded to me, I had another idea in mind.

"Would you like to go oral on Trish?" was my question for Lindsay. "_I_ will be happy to teach you how to do it."

"I'd like that," the teen-ager responded, grinning. At the same time, Trish quickly disposed of her spandex shorts and the white G-string she had been wearing underneath.

"Lay down on the bed, angel," I told Trish.

"Yes!" Lindsay squealed. "Lay down!"

Trish raised her knees and spread her thighs, then placed both feet onto the mattress. By putting her beautiful pussy on display like that, it was obvious what she wanted. Trish wanted me to show Lindsay how to service her pussy orally.

As she climbed up onto the bed, Lindsay licked her lips at the mesmerizing sight. "I have long dreamed about having a girlfriend. But to be honest, I thought this day would never come." Lindsay seemed to shudder with arousal as she admired the 30-year-old's pussy with her eyes. "Oh my stars ... it looks even better than I ever thought it would."

I joined Lindsay on the bed and gently patted her shoulder with my right hand. "You thought this day would never come? Is that because you live in such a small town?"

She frowned and nodded her head in response. "There are plenty of girls that I like there, but I'm too afraid to step forward and say so. If word ever got out, I would be the laughingstock of the town. It's so small, and everyone there knows everyone. I don't want my little secret out."

"You won't have that on this island," I assured her. "All of the girls here are just like you."

"They're all gorgeous, too."

"So are you," Trish told her. "So are you. Go ahead, Jeremy. Show her how to lick my pussy."

Just when I was about to give her a demonstration, Lindsay stopped me. "No. Let me do it on my own."

I smiled at her. "If that's what you want. Just ... put your face in there, and slide your tongue around. Women really enjoy it when others concentrate on their clitoris, which is the little nub of skin that you see there. Lick it, caress it with your tongue. Nip at it gently."

"It is really sensitive," Lindsay nodded, before her face turned beet-red again. "I know that my own clitty is really sensitive." Oh?, I said inwardly. Did Lindsay just admit to us - in an indirect manner - that she had masturbated before?

"Don't be afraid to use your fingers on me," Trish cooed. She eyed Lindsay, a look of total lust on her face. "Take your panties off, baby. Take your panties off, and then all three of us will be totally nude. That's how it should be."

Lindsay turned her head toward me and offered a shy laugh. "You take my panties off, Jeremy. You take them off..."

My eyes wide (and my cock still raging), I watched Lindsay roll onto her front side and then settle herself down directly between Trish's outstretched thighs. She continued to admire that sweet pussy for several seconds, then finally extended her tongue and offered it a tentative taste.

"How is it?" I smiled.

"I like it!" Lindsay swooned, before swiping her tongue across those luscious, puffy folds again. She let loose with a little growl, then began to lick away at Trish in repeated fashion. A quick check of Trish's facial reactions told me that she was incredibly turned on right now, too.

"That's an all-you-can-eat-buffet, sweetheart," I said.

"You can say that again!" Trish huffed. "Especially when a tongue like that is on the opposite end!"

"Am I really doing good?" Lindsay wondered, hopeful.

"Oh yes ... you most definitely are, honey," Trish assured her. "Just keep licking my pussy. Keep licking it!"

With that added boost of confidence, Lindsay settled her pretty face in even deeper and then really went to town on Trish's intoxicating slit. At the same time, I reached out and gently caressed Lindsay's supple, firm ass. It was just about time for me to get rid of her white panties.

Slowly but surely, I peeled the waistband of those panties downward and was rewarded for my effort with the beautiful sight of a virgin pussy. Lindsay rose up to her elbows and knees as she continued to lash Trish with her tongue, and even wiggled her ass about in a seductive manner for my eyes. Needless to say, I nearly blew my load right then and there. Was that an instinctive move, or did she do it on purpose?

Massaging her own large, luxurious breasts as she squirmed and writhed about in pleasure, Trish raised her head up and looked squarely at Lindsay. "We need to get that cock in you. Would you like that, baby? Would you like it if Jeremy was the one who popped your little cherry?"

Lindsay withdrew her face from the joining of Trish's lush thighs and glanced back at me. "Oh yes ... I would. I would absolutely LOVE for you to pop my cherry, Jeremy."

It was unbearable for me to see this peppy, All-American girl smiling at me with a dreamy look on her face, her long-flowing blonde hair wound and tightly tied up into that adorable, bushy pony-tail. Her slim, golden body and those enchanting eyes were suddenly overflowing with lust for me, and what I could do for her. Or, _take_ from her.

"Anyway you want, dear, is fine with me," I told her.

Trish lunged at me and fretted, "I want to help put your cock in her pussy. Can I, Jeremy? Please? Please?"

There was no need for me to respond to her request, simply because Trish already knew the answer. After I prepared to mount Lindsay in the missionary position, Trish beamed with delight as she reached out and grasped my erection with her right hand. I moved forward slightly, and then Trish nudged the head of my cock onto Lindsay's vise-tight pussy. Lindsay extended both arms and latched onto me as I (along with help from Trish) forged my cock into her tiny, little crevice.

Lindsay did not moan or grunt, but her eyes told the story as I looked down at her. Those lovely, baby-blue eyes were wide and almost set to burst as I gently forged inch after excruciating inch of my cock between the folds of her pussy. Soon, I had reached the thin sheath of skin known as the hymen (or, in more common (slang) terms, the cherry).

Her eyes still fixated on my face, Lindsay then squealed with maddening delight as I sank my cock deeper into her and thus, tore down that once-in-a-lifetime barrier. Streamers of tears even cascaded down her face as she now held onto me as if her very life depended on it. This was an incredible moment, to say the least, made even better by all of the circumstances which had led up to it.

Trish, who had removed her hand from my shaft seconds ago, reached down and caressed Lindsay's face. She even leaned over and kissed away several of those tears. "It will hurt for a bit because this is your first time, honey, but then the pleasure will overcome you. It will just OVERCOME you. Trust me on that. And it only hurts the first time."

"It already is ... overcoming ... me," Lindsay struggled out, every muscle within her body contracting at once. "Oh my..."

Speaking of being overcome with pleasure, I found myself in the same boat right now. How my cock had not exploded yet within the confines of that tight, unforgiving pussy was well beyond my understanding. I needed to make this last, but I was unsure how much longer I could sustain my erection. How many more chances would I have to deflower a virgin? This was a first for me, and most likely the last.

Trish rose up to her knees beside me and placed her lips on mine for a soul-touching type of kiss. A moment later, Lindsay again squealed with undeniable passion as I began to gently thrust my cock in-and-out of her.

"Oooooh!" she exclaimed. "Oh Lord ... it feels so good!"

I grasped Lindsay's legs, which had been encircling my waist, and hooked them over my shoulders. This allowed me to increase my leverage, as I was able to lean over a bit more. It also gave the two of us the deepest level of penetration possible while in the missionary position. That was the most important thing of all, obviously.

"How does that little, virgin pussy feel, Jeremy?" Trish taunted me, as I continued to slide my cock in-and-out of Lindsay at a very slow, gradual pace. Certainly, it was not my intention to be too forceful with her. Not yet, anyway.

Trish kissed me flush on the lips once again. She turned her attention toward Lindsay. "Everything okay, sweetie?"

"Oh Lord ... everything is fine," Lindsay moaned.

Needless to say, the amount of pressure on my cock was overwhelming, but I continued moving myself in-and-out of Lindsay. In fact, I slightly increased the speed and tempo of my thrusts. This caused Lindsay to scream and wail out in response, her firm, lithe body thrashing about wildly.

"Oh my God!" she moaned, as I picked up steam. "Oh God! It's so big! It feels so BIG!" The blonde even began to pound her open hands down on the bed in repeated motions. "Oh my God ... GOD ... GOD ... YES! YES!"

Lindsay's reactions became more animated (and louder) once I started to plow my way in-and-out of her scrumptious pussy at a very high rate of speed. My hands were now latched onto her ass and I held it with all of the strength I could muster as I churned myself into her. The harder and faster I pumped away at her, it seemed, the more excited she became. But in no time flat, though, I was suddenly running on fumes. There was no way that I could last much longer.

"OH GOD ... I'M GONNA CUM!" Lindsay screamed.

That was it.

Those words sent me over the edge. I hammered myself into her pussy one final time, stuffing my erection to the absolute hilt. Then, my whole body literally exploded.

Both Lindsay and I screamed in unison as we experienced simultaneous orgasms. We shivered and shook together, our bodies greatly surpassing their thresholds of pleasure. I growled out like a madman as glob after thick glob of sperm was being jettisoned from my cock directly into her womb. At the same time, this tempting, little thing voiced her own passion as her feminine release trickled down her thighs and onto the mattress below. Oh God, I said inwardly. Lindsay was no longer a virgin, and _I_ was the main reason why.

I leaned downward and encircled Lindsay's supple body with both of my arms. I gave her a tight and reassuring embrace, then simply collapsed on top of her. I let out a content, long-winded sigh, my cock still buried within her depths. One of my hands, I realized, had drifted toward her ass and was gently massaging it. That, I thought, was instinctive.

In the aftermath, Lindsay was glowing as she hugged and clutched my body with equal fervor and emotion. She had the side of her face buried into my chest, and was groaning out in a constant, non-stop manner. It was more a purr than a groan. Yes, Lindsay was purring like a kitten.

"I've never felt so good in my LIFE!" she exclaimed, suddenly tearing her face away from my chest and looking directly into my eyes. "Oh God ... that was INCREDIBLE!"

"You were incredible, dear," I said, before my mouth was met by a barrage of kisses from Lindsay. Never one to stray too far from a sexual situation, Trish hugged the charming 18-year-old from behind and kissed her shoulder.

"I'm so happy that you enjoyed yourself!" she grinned, her expression overcome with delight and total, sheer joy as Lindsay turned to face her. "Did this live up to your expectations, honey? Was your first time having sex better or worse than you imagined it would be?"

"It was better," Lindsay responded. "Much better. You and Jeremy made it better than it had any right to be." She glanced back at me and cooed, "Especially you, Jeremy. I will never forget this night for as long as I live. NEVER!"

"I have much more to teach you, Lindsay, and show you!" Trish exclaimed, again taking on the role of the experienced mentor. "Next time, you can suck Jeremy's cock until he cums in your mouth. And you can lick my pussy until I cum, too. I have to teach you how to swallow!"

"I could suck cock and lick pussy all night long!" Lindsay swooned, before offering her patented, shy smile. "I'm gonna need a lot of practice time for both, you know."

"I have no problem with that!" Trish giggled. "What about you, Jeremy? Do you have a problem with it?"

I vigorously shook my head. "Not at all."

Trish smiled at her again. "How about YOU let ME lick your pussy now?" Lindsay blushed as Trish added, "I will make you SCREAM out in another orgasm ... I promise!"

Lindsay wiggled out from underneath me and then settled down onto her back upon the opposite end of the bed. She even spread her slender thighs and offered Trish a sultry gaze. "I'm the one open for business now. Free meal..."

Trish was set to pounce on Lindsay and literally devour her pussy, but I grabbed her shoulder and pulled her close to me. Trish stared up at me for a moment, confused, but that changed once I smashed my mouth to hers for a kiss.

My kiss was needful, and very intense. I was vividly reminded of just how much I was attracted to Trish. It also made me feel so happy inside that Trish was afforded the opportunity to help me in deflowering Lindsay's pussy. After all, Trish was in love with her.

And suddenly, I was in love with _BOTH_ Lindsay and Trish.

Trish grinned as Lindsay began to gently frig my cock with her right hand. "Do you want to get him hard again, honey?" Lindsay nodded her head as Trish continued, "Maybe you could suck on his cock some more while I eat your little pussy? At the same time? How does that sound?"

Lindsay blushed yet again, but licked her lips in response and then nodded her head emphatically. "I would love that."

This was quickly turning out to be a night that _I_ would never forget, either. What did I ever do to deserve this?

I had six whole weeks with not only Lindsay and Trish, but Devon, Pamela, Amy and Camille too. And that is not even mentioning my friend who would arrive tomorrow, Kristanna. Being the only man amongst seven ravenous, insatiable women, I obviously had a lot of hard work ahead of me...


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Chapter 6
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 6: Vernacular
Posted: June 08, 2012 - 09:28:11 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Looking over at Kristanna for a brief instant, I could not help but to openly smile at her. Was there anything not to appreciate about this enchanting young woman and her overall physical appearance? If so, I certainly was not aware of it.

Kristanna's graceful, tall frame, long-flowing blonde hair and pretty blue eyes helped make her into a classic beauty. Her mascara and bright lipstick seemed to make her face glow in a truly exotic fashion. Even better, the mini-dress that Kristanna wore had a plunging neckline, which offered a nice, tantalizing view of her sexy, yet humble, cleavage.

Kristanna, of course, was my friend from Norway. Blessed with a very slender and athletic body, her personality and infectious demeanor matched flawlessly. She had been a ray of sunshine in my life ever since the day that I met her some four years ago. Now, Kristanna had finally made her return to the island. I could not be any happier, either...

As we were en route from the heli-pad to the mansion in my trusty, old Jeep, I glanced over at Kristanna and smiled at her once again. "How was your trip, dear?"

"It vas long and tiring," she replied, using a Norwegian accent. "Da vedder vas so cold and brisk in Oslo last night. But I shed me yacket ven da plane reach Florida. It vas like night and day, Jeremy. Florida be steaming hot!"

I grinned at her. I simply loved to listen to this young woman talk. Her unique (and extremely sultry) voice ALWAYS made me smile. I also liked her yacket/jacket pronunciation. I sometimes wondered why Kristanna said my name correctly. Why wasn't I Yeremy, instead of Jeremy, to her? Norway was a great country to have produced a woman like this...

I was so glad that Kristanna had finally returned to the island after a three week hiatus. After all, Kristanna was the primary reason why all of the other ladies were here on the island in the first place. Without her assistance. I would still be living on this tropic of Eros all by myself.

Kristanna's travels started last evening in Oslo, Norway, where she boarded an airline flight to Frankfurt, Germany. The 23-year-old hooked up with a connector flight to Miami, Florida, and then finally made her way to Lima, Peru.

From there, she was escorted to the island in a helicopter by a pilot friend of mine (whose name was Kevin). Her family lived outside of Oslo, but Kristanna had also spent some time in California during recent years as a college student. She was majoring in - of all things - archeology.

Of course, as I continually gawked at Kristanna, I knew that the other ladies would grow to like her just as much as I did. She was just so nice and friendly, and charismatic. How could anyone not like a woman this beautiful and funny?

"Tell me about da udders," was her next comment. "Do yew have a favorite amongst da girls yet?"

"I thought I did, but I'm not so sure anymore," was my response. "If you made me pick one right now, I think it would be ... Trish. Yes, Trish. I have gone through so many of the girls this week, and flip-flopped between them so many times, that I am going to hold off for a while before I finally decide who my favorite really, truly is. At various times I have liked Lindsay, Devon, Pamela, Trish and Amy the most. Since yesterday, at least, I am becoming more and more attracted to Trish. Yesterday was ... it was ... INCREDIBLE. The most incredible experience of my entire life, bar none."

Kristanna smiled at me. "Vat happened yesterday?"

"Trish helped me take Lindsay's virginity."

"Oh," Kristanna responded, looking a bit surprised.

"I still cannot believe that we brought a virgin to the island with us, Krissy. Lindsay is so sweet and innocent, and so young! She reminds me of you when you were 19."

"I vas not a virgin ven ve meet each udder back den."

"Yes, but you were sweet and innocent." Kristanna smiled at my words as I added, "You still are - just like Lindsay."

"But yew like Trish da most now?"

I nodded my head. "Yes, right now. But that is subject to change. It can change from minute-to-minute, actually. Of the girls, I think Devon has the biggest crush on me. In fact, I think that goes without saying."

"Ahh yes, I remember Devon from da computer," Kristanna mused. "Devon is da pretty blonde from Pennsylvania, no?" I nodded at her as she continued, "From da pictures on yewr computer, I liked Devon da most. She da prettiest. I have to see dem in person, dough, to be honestly sure. So ... let me get dis straight. Yew like all of da girls here? Vait a minute ... yew name every girl on da island except Camille?"

I shook my head in a painful manner. "I do not know if I really like Camille as a person. She has said some really hurtful things about not only me, but a few of the others as well. In her defense, though, Camille and I haven't had the chance to sit down and really talk with each other yet. Most of my time has been spent with Devon, Pamela and Amy. I just had a three-some with Lindsay and Trish yesterday. I cannot emphasize enough how incredible it was, Krissy. I had never been with a virgin before. Well, you know that."

"Lindsay is da Bible girl if I am not mistaken? She be da one voo really devote herself to its teachings, ya? Da one vid da aspirations of one day getting into da ministry? Yust like her papa? Follow in his footsteps?"

I nodded my head. "Yes, that would be Lindsay."

"Pamela and Amy ... vat are dey like?"

"I really like Pamela a lot, Kristanna. And Amy is just the way that the computer program predicted she would be, judging from the questionnaires we sent out many months ago."

"Amy da slut puppy!"

Keeping my eyes focused on the road in front of me as I drove the Jeep, I told her, "Yes, you can say that."

"I am sorry I could not arrive here earlier," Kristanna frowned, deciding to change the subject. "Had problems vid da passport. Had to get me passport straightened out first."

"It's okay, sweetheart." I just loved that accent! "It wasn't your fault. I'm just glad that you are finally back with me. I always miss you when you leave."

"I missed yew too! Du inviterer alle disse kvinnene her for å være med deg siden du leter etter kjærligheten. Men jeg elsker deg mer en noen av dem kan noen gang komme til å gjøre. Jeg bare håpte at du kunne innse det."

I shook a menacing, but playful finger at her and grinned, "Don't you go Norwegian on me, sweetheart. You know I cannot understand a word you say - and it drives me crazy."

"But it be fun," she giggled. "And yew crazy anyvay..."

"That's not very nice," I scolded her in a teasing way.

"How is Blakken?" Kristanna inquired, referring to her horse here on the island. There were a pair of horses in the stables (Blakken and Smokin' Satin Bars (my horse)). Blakken is some sort of Norwegian name, but I do not know if it has any special meaning or not. Knowing Kristanna the way I do, though, it probably means something extremely funny.

"Blakken is fine," I responded. "I have been taking good care of both of the horses in the stable."

"And vat about Vincent Van Goat?"

I laughed at the mere mention of Kristanna's pet goat. Now that was a cute name for an animal. "He is fine, too. I saw Lindsay and Trish playing around with him on Tuesday. All that goat of yours does is eat, drink, sleep and play."

Kristanna tilted her head to the side. "Bow Vow Meow?"

Bow Wow Meow! Now THAT is a name - for a cat - which I find to be totally hilarious. "Just fine, dear. I am sure that Bow Wow Meow will be happy to see you again. Before you ask, Hogglesworth the Pig is perfectly fine, too. And those two geckos you have - Geico and Gonzo - are plugging along. I had them out for a while earlier, playing with them. Jack Rabbit and Bugs Bunny are the same as always, too."

"Let us not forget Da Lambinator!"

I laughed and shook my head at Kristanna because of her quirky attitude. "The Lambinator ... I had to pay for a veterinarian to come out here from the mainland two weeks ago." Kristanna suddenly looked frightened as I continued, "I could tell that Lambinator was sick and not feeling good. The veterinarian took a look and said he had an internal parasite. He gave me some medicine, or drenches as I think he called them, and told me to administer them to Lambinator every day for ten days. Apparently, it worked. Lambinator is acting like his old self again."

Relieved, Kristanna took a deep breath. "Dat is good. Yew had me vorried dare for a minute. Yew know how much all da animals mean to me, Jeremy. Lambinator is da oldest - age eight - of all da pets I have on da island. Are yew sure dat he is feeling better? Are yew sure dat he is cured?"

"The doctor told me what trouble signs to look for," I answered. "I have not seen any of them pop-up yet. You know more about sheep than I do, Krissy. So, you are very welcome to take a look at him once we get to the mansion."

She nodded her head. "Yes. I vill look at him."

"Lambinator is, as always, in the fenced-in area outside with Vincent Van Goat. They have been getting along good."

Needless to say, Kristanna was an animal lover. She had grown up on a humongous farm in Norway which was home to a wide variety of animals. Over the four years that she and I had been friends, Kristanna had persuaded me into bringing a large collection of animals and pets to the island. Although they all lived here and I was the one who took care of them more often than not, Kristanna still considered all of these pets to be her very own. I had no problem with that.

"Bow Vow Meow, yew better be nice to me pussy ... cat."

I snickered and shook my head because of Kristanna's playful nature. "I am ALWAYS nice to your pussy ... cat."

"Have yew been taking Yack Rabbit and Bugs Bunny out of dare bunny condo so dey can get dare daily exercise?"

"Of course," I nodded. "I take the rabbits out of their cage and let them rumble throughout my bedroom for an hour or two each and every day. I also ordered them some new chew toys, and they seem to love them. Keeps them occupied."

"Dat is good," Kristanna surmised. "Yew alvays do a great yob ven looking after all me pet animals here, Jeremy."

"Thank you, dear."

"No ... dank yew, Jeremy," she countered, grinning. "Yew do a vunderful yob vid dem. Hey ... did yew buy ATV off-road vehicles for all of da girls like I suggested yew should?"

I smiled at her. "You bet I did. You gave me a big list and I bought everything on it two weeks ago. Nothing was left out. No expense was spared. Not for these girls."

"Vat about me high score on da pinball machine? Is it still dare? Or did yew beat it yet?" Kristanna giggled at her own words. "Vell, of course yew beat it..."

I laughed at her. "You still have your high score on your favorite pinball machine in the recreation room. I haven't beaten it yet. You are right, though. I beat other things."

"Like yewr cock..." Kristanna chided.

"You're a naughty girl. A very naughty girl."

"So yew are happy?" she asked in that unique voice, as I drove her to the mansion in my Jeep on this Friday evening. "Yew are happy vid all da girls yew bring to da island? Is all da trouble dat ve vent true really vurd it?"

"These five days have been the best five days of my entire life," I told her in response. "But things are even better now, because you're back with me." I grasped the blonde's left hand with my right and brought it to my lips, then offered it a tender kiss. "You make me happy, dear. And yes, everything was worth it. Well worth it."

"I go avay for one day and miss yew, Jeremy," Kristanna grinned. "But tree vull veeks! Ven I come here, dough, I miss me family too much. I need a happy medium!"

I smiled at her and said, "I hope you are hungry, dear. We're only 30 minutes away from dinner-time. I even got Louisa to fix one of your favorite meals - lutefisk."

"Oooooh, lutefisk!" she exclaimed, referring to Norwegian cod soaked and pickled in a lye solution. "Had some lutefisk two nights ago but happy for anudder today. Lutefisk pizza! Yew ordered lefse? I like dat, too."

"Of course. You know Louisa will fix whatever we ask her to - even your crazy food. So are you hungry? Have you had anything at all to eat today?"

"Momma fixed vafler before I left." She pouted and added, "But dat vas 24 hours ago. Flight lasted forever. Oslo, Frankfurt, Miami, 14 hours. Miami, Lima, six hours. I did have two hot dogs at Miami airport, dough. Big vieners!"

I laughed at her. "You like big wieners?"

"Da bigger, da better," she grinned.

"What is vafler?"

"Vaffles and sour cream. Yum-yum. But no food on da airplane ride. Airplane food, yuck-yuck."

Kristanna and her words never failed to make me smile. "You must be starving, then. We'll get some food in you." Laughing, I brought her hand to my lips and kissed it again. "I'm so glad you're back where you belong - on this island."

"Jeg hører til her med deg, gift."

"Kristanna!..."

Dinner-time on the island was set for 7:00pm each and every evening, and tonight would be no exception. All of the ladies were required to be in the large dining room at that time, where Louisa, the 76-year-old housekeeper, would serve up the most scrumptious food ever known to mankind.

Tonight, it was no different. Louisa had fixed all of us a huge, wide-ranging buffet of foods. How could anyone go wrong with a selection of marinated chicken to choose from, as well as freshly baked turkey breast, Angus rib eye steaks, pork sausage patties, lasagna, wild rice and various seafood and salad dishes? If anyone were to make it to dessert, Louisa had even prepared a raspberry chiffon pie.

As all of us - myself and the seven ladies - enjoyed our delicious meal, we got better acquainted with each other. Our conversation was quite lively and included many various topics. Kristanna, who seemed to be a big hit with everyone due to her accent and overall friendliness, conveyed some stories to those who were interested about life in Norway.

Kristanna spoke highly of the 300-acre farm that she lived on with her parents, saying it was one of the most profitable markets in all of Norway. The farm even featured a bakery, an ice cream parlor and a petting zoo for young children.

There was a six hour difference between Norway (located in the Central European Time Zone) and the island (Eastern Time Zone), Kristanna told us. The average temperature for this time of year (June) there was 70 degrees Fahrenheit, but it had dipped down to 48 last night before her departure. In fact, Norway rarely topped the 75 degree mark all year.

Here on the island, of course, it was winter in this part of the world (in the tropics). But winter here meant 70-75 degree weather, so it was not much different than what she left behind in Norway (although the past couple of days had been somewhat humid). The hottest months here were January, February and March (with average temperatures of about 80). I considered those months to be the dog days of summer.

At the dinner table, Kristanna even convinced Trish to try a bite of her precious lutefisk. Trish, who claimed to enjoy fish in general, said lutefisk had a strange taste. In other words, she did not like it. If there is one thing that I have learned from having Kristanna as my friend over the past several years, it is that people in her native country have a very unique and exotic appetite. I did not care all that much for Norwegian food myself. Her people did eat a lot of seafood, though, and that was probably one reason why Kristanna was so healthy, and in such excellent shape.

Pamela told everyone that she was simply amazed with not only the beauty of the island and its surroundings, but also the ocean itself. It was crystal-clear, which was vastly different from the ocean in Maryland - where Pamela resided. She could not believe how beautiful the water was.

Camille claimed that she had the most boring job in the whole world - being a title processor for a real estate agency in the San Diego area. Camille told everyone at the table that the opportunity to get away from her job and spend six weeks on an island paradise such as this was something that she simply could not pass up. The only redeeming thing about her job, Camille explained, was that she got along with all of her co-employees. Some were even close friends. Other than that, though, she was happy to get away from it.

Lindsay went onto share a story about the supermarket in Ohio where she was employed as a cosmetics clerk. The young woman said that customers - of all ages - were always trying to flirt with her. Gee, I said to myself. I wonder why? Lindsay was the epitome of sweet innocence, and everything that an 18-year-old girl should be. Any man who was older (like me (38)) would love to get his clutches into her.

Devon had no job to speak of, simply because she had quit her position as a project manager for a large corporation in Pennsylvania in order to come to the island. Basically, Devon told her counterparts here at the dinner table the same thing she had said to Camille during their first night here (when I eavesdropped on them by way of the voyeur room).

Devon felt that she was being cheated and stepped on at her job, as her boss always took the credit for the 80 hours (and sometimes more) of hard work she put in every week. Even though Devon claimed that no one at the company worked harder and more diligently than she did, she said that it seemed as if a promotion would never come her way.

Trish had the slimmest of leads in the race for who was my favorite lady from the entire group. She barely edged out Lindsay, Devon, Pamela and Amy. I found myself attracted to the Canadian after having witnessed the tender and loving manner in which she helped me take Lindsay's virginity. Go ahead and accuse me of being a hopeless romantic, but I felt like wrapping my arms around Trish's wondrous body and never letting go because she was such a warm, compassionate person. I really liked that trait in a woman.

Kristanna was very observant when she stated earlier that Camille was the only woman whom I failed to mention when speaking about potential favorites. Suffice it to say, but I did not particularly care for some of the things Camille had said since her arrival on the island.

Camille tried to convince Devon that I had nothing but evil intentions in mind with the whole island concept. Camille was brutally direct and blunt (to be the point of being nasty) when she suggested that Trish should sit back and watch her give a good, hard fucking to Lindsay at the water basin two days ago. What made those words downright despicable was the fact that Lindsay, still a virgin at the time, was also there with them. It was wrong of Camille to say that in her presence. Just plain wrong.

Still, being the very forgiving person that I am, Camille one day emerging from the pack as my favorite was not out of the realm of possibility. For that to happen, however, Camille would need to show a very different attitude toward not only me, but the others as well.

I found dinner-time to be very fascinating and insightful on this warm June evening. I loved to listen to any and all information concerning the girls. I wanted to know every little detail about their lives. I considered the entire group - even Camille - to be my private flock of angels.

"Tell us about your job, Amy," Trish said to the red-head. "You're not a pornstar, or Internet sex model ... are you?"

"No, but maybe I should be," Amy replied. "Sounds better than what I am - a Professional Nourishment Provider."

Many of the ladies appeared to be dumbfounded for a brief moment. "What was that?" Trish asked, finally speaking up. "Professional Nourishment Provider? What the heck is that?"

"Oh..." Amy said, matter-of-factly. "Some people refer to my job as a Nutritional Transport Engineer. But you know what? I like Professional Nourishment Provider much better. I think it has a better ring to it."

Trish just looked at Amy and shook her head. She was lost. The other ladies felt the same way. They had no idea what Amy was talking about. I did, however, and smiled to myself. I remembered Amy's occupation from her profile. I then recalled that Pamela knew about her job as well.

Amy giggled and finally confessed, "I'm a waitress!"

Trish paused for a second, taking that in, then laughed. "Hey! That was cute! Professional Nourishment Provider ... Nutritional Transport Engineer. Waitress. Originals?"

"P-N-P is an original of mine," Amy replied. "But N-T-E, a friend thought that up. It was her idea. I will gladly take all of the credit for it, though!" Amy snickered for a few more seconds and then offered, "To be precise, I am a Hooters girl. I am both a waitress and bartender there."

"Hooters?" Lindsay asked, her tone a bit incredulous. "Isn't Hooters like a strip club, or something?"

Amy laughed at Lindsay's utter naivety. "No, Hooters is not a strip club! Don't you ever get out, girl?"

"Do you have anything against people who work at strip clubs?" Pamela asked, her own voice leery.

Obviously recalling that there was someone here - Pamela - who actually was employed at such an establishment, Lindsay seemed eager to back off of her words. "Oh! I ... I ... I didn't mean anything negative by it." The 18-year-old then cast her eyes downward, perhaps a bit ashamed. At least Trish was there to slip a reassuring arm around Lindsay's shoulder and give her a peck on the cheek.

"Hooters is inherently a sexually charged atmosphere," Camille said. "I've been to a couple of different Hooters in my life, and they are all basically the same. Beautiful women squeezed into too-tight tank-tops and orange shorts ... they make you forget the fact that the food there is quite mediocre." She hesitated for a moment, lost in thought. "Hooters is like a strip club, but only it's safer."

"Oh, stop it!" Amy responded in defense of her employer. "Families go there! Mom and Dad bring the T-ball team or the gymnastics girls ... I see kids where I work every day."

"What type of message do parents send to their children when they take them out to eat at a place where all of the waitresses are women in ultra-tight clothes, bearing as much cleavage and leg as possible without breaking the law?"

Amy had no answer for that question from Trish. Instead, she simply glared at her with inflamed eyes.

"The last time I went to Hooters, a few months back, I tried to tuck a buck in the waitress' shorts when she brought me a draft refill," Camille chuckled. "Needless to say, she did not appreciate it. Nor did the management. I also told the waitress that if she ever got a job at the strip club down the street, I would go there and tip her even better."

Lindsay seemed absolutely bewildered by that statement. As I sat idly by here at the dinner table with everyone else, I actually had to stifle a laugh because of the look on the poor girl's face. Obviously, she had never been involved in a discussion quite like this before.

"I have been to Hooters once in my life," Devon mused. "It seemed one step above a strip club, if you ask me." She quickly turned toward Pamela and added, "Not that I have anything against strip clubs or people who work there, mind you. Just, Hooters is not a family-type restaurant to me."

Kristanna decided to add her own unique thoughts on the subject. "Vatever dis Hooters place be - beautiful vomen vid cleavage and legs on display - I need to check it out!"

Perhaps wanting to lighten the mood - after all, Amy was getting hammered here from all ends because of her job - Trish decided to change the subject. "Hey Lindsay, how about you tell Kristanna and the others about that man and his son you came across in Miami on Monday? The ones who knew you?"

"Oh ... yeah!" Lindsay chirped, her zest and enthusiasm suddenly returning. "I stopped at the Chinese food mart at the Miami airport this past Monday, in-between my flights on the way here to the island, and this little boy runs up to me, screaming. His father flags him down and tells him that yes, this is the nice girl who helped us pick out Mommy's perfume last week at [Supermarket Name]. I was totally dumbfounded. I could not believe that I had come across one of my recent customers, from all the way back home in Cincinnati, so far away in Miami. I remembered them, too. I helped them pick out perfume for a good 15 minutes that day. The man said that he and his family were flying to Antigua on vacation, and I told him I was going to Peru. I still cannot believe that I saw one of my customers there."

"I am sure that the father wanted you," Amy told her. "I bet that he wanted to make you into his 'lil slut daughter."

"AMY!" Devon gasped.

Trish made a face at those words and quipped, "Is that all you think about, Amy? Sex?"

"Yeah ... pretty much."

Trish shook her head. "On my airline flight from Toronto to Miami, I sat next to a man who was going there to visit his father, who had been diagnosed with cancer. Listening to him made me feel very sad, and reminded me just how much my own family - especially my mother and father - mean to me. I called them both the very moment the plane touched the ground and told them how much I loved them and would miss them."

"I wish I could see my father again..." Lindsay pouted.

"Did you ever think that he was lying to you?" Amy asked Trish. "He could have just made all of that up so he could talk to you. It was his way of flirting, and making you feel sorry for him. Maybe he thought he had a chance at getting some from you before you took your connection to Peru."

"Amy!" Trish exclaimed, upset.

"You don't make up stories about cancer," Pamela sniped.

"I was lucky on my flight from Philadelphia to Miami," Devon said. "There were three seats in my row, but I had the whole row to myself. I did not have to sit next to anyone. I stretched out and relaxed ... listened to my iPod. I'd have died without it because I don't like flying at all."

"I have no idea how much Jeremy paid for my first class ticket from Los Angeles to Miami, but the guy who sat next to me said his was $2,900 when he bought it at the counter just before the plane was about to take off," Camille told us. "For such an exorbitant price, the little flight attendant - Hayley was her name - I was thinking the whole time that she should have offered everyone complimentary blowjob or pussy licking service." The lusty Latina laughed at her own words and added, "For $2,900, why not? That is ridiculous."

"I vant to be on an airplane dat offers dat!" Kristanna exclaimed, giggling merrily.

"That would be a good job for Amy," Pamela smirked. "A flight attendant who takes care of customers on her knees?"

"Talk about flying the friendly skies!" Devon grinned.

With so much sharing and playful banter (and sometimes not playful) amongst the entire group, I found this particular dinner to be my favorite thus far. I believe that Kristanna and her presence had a lot to do with it. Kristanna had the unique ability to bring out the best in everyone, and get them to open up. Plus, she was a total riot to listen to.

I hated for our meal to end, but realized that time would come sooner rather than later. At least no one left the dinner table for 90 minutes, though. That was excellent.

Kristanna was a very beautiful young woman with a classy appearance - especially with her long-flowing blonde hair pinned up (like now). There were so many wondrous details about her outer beauty that I could delve into, but perhaps the most striking thing about Kristanna were her legs.

At 5-foot-11, Kristanna had what best could be described as skyscraper legs. They were incredibly sleek and toned, with nary a blemish on them. Even better, those legs seemed to go on forever. Kristanna was incredibly thin (only 115 pounds at her height) and did not have the overly voluptuous figure that many of the other ladies here did. But she more than made up for whatever deficiencies with those legs.

Camille, who stood 5-foot-9, also had legs which were very long and graceful. But I am afraid that they did not even compare with the beauty and symmetry of Kristanna's legs, which appeared worldly in their own right.

Best of all, those wondrous legs of hers were on total display as she paraded about my personal suite in nothing but a black bra and G-string set on this Friday evening. Everyone had retired to their respective rooms for the night. Kristanna and I were no different. She was not always going to sleep with me, but that was the plan for tonight. We would worry about tomorrow when the time came.

"Yew looking at me legs again?" she swooned. "BAD BOY!"

"You're quite the bad girl," I countered, being playful. "The only reason you stripped down to your little bra and G-string is so you can tease me, and drive me crazy."

"Is it vorking?"

"Yes, it is. Very much so." The 23-year-old let loose with a charming smile as she took a seat directly across from me upon the bed. I inhaled sharply and told her, "I've said this a million times tonight, dear, but I think it bears repeating. I've missed you so much over the past few weeks. You're my best friend in the whole, wide world. I wish that you could live here with me, full-time."

"A nice dought, but I vould miss me family too much," she remarked. "Maybe yew could bring me family here - to island?" Kristanna laughed at the mere thought and added, "I could see dat. Momma and Papa vould yust not like it here. Dey prefer farm life at home in Norvay, ya."

"You've told me that before, sweetheart."

"I vant to know much more about Devon," the seductress offered. "I dink Devon may very vell be da sexiest voman dat I ever meet. Vat do yew like about her, Jeremy?"

"Oh, can I say ... everything?" I replied in a serious tone. "I don't know, Kristanna. This may sound hard to believe, but for as beautiful as Devon is on the outside, she is a million times more beautiful inside. Plus, Devon wants all of the same things that I do in life, too."

"Den I have someding else in common vid her!"

I smiled at Kristanna and added, "I am still going to evaluate all of the others and focus on them individually before making my final decision, though. It's just very difficult right now. Lindsay, Devon, Pamela, Trish, Amy, even Camille. This is going to be a tough decision."

Kristanna took a deep breath. "I yust vant yew to be happy, Jeremy. Dat is all I have ever vanted for yew."

I grinned once again and told her, "I trust that you will find the right man - or woman, too, dear. Who knows? Maybe that person is on this island right now. You said that you like Devon the most, right? Talk to her."

"Hmmmmm ... Devon," she purred. "But I like Trish now too. I like all da girls! Dey all pretty!"

"How do you say I love you in your language?" was my next question. "Maybe I can spring it on whomever I choose and see if I can get a reaction or not."

"Jeg elsker deg."

I did not realize it at the time, but Kristanna said those same three words - jeg elsker deg, or I love you - to me while we were riding in my Jeep hours ago. Perhaps I took her words out of context since they were said in a very large sentence, but after realizing it was the same quote (days later, with the aid of the voyeur room), I began to wonder...

Was Kristanna in love with me?

Our prior attempts at a bona-fide relationship always seemed to fail no matter what we tried, though the two of us remained the absolute best of friends. I had my share of highly intimate moments with Kristanna, indeed, but I still could not look at her as anything more than a friend. A close, wonderful friend, indeed - but a friend nonetheless.

The biggest obstacle we had in terms of a commitment was the simple fact that she was a farm girl from Norway, and I was an islander from the South Pacific (though born and bred in the United States). Neither of us wanted to leave our respective homelands, although Kristanna did go to college in California. Nothing against California, mind you, but I did not want to reside there, either. I lived there before and had no aspirations of ever moving back. Geographics had forever blocked any chance of a real commitment for us.

"How is me English?" Kristanna asked, looking hesitant. "I have been vorking super-hard on it da past few veeks."

"Your English is fine, sweetheart. You have that accent and you pronounce a few things differently than common English-speaking people, but it is fine. You've come a long way in the four years that we've known each other."

"I could barely speak a lick of English ven ve meet da first time! Going to university in Los Angeles has helped."

I shook my head and mused, "I still cannot believe that you are studying Archeology. You could be exploring a dark cave somewhere someday, and while everyone is having a turkey sandwich during lunch break, you could have lefse."

"And lutefisk!" the young woman giggled.

"You're priceless, dear. Just priceless."

Kristanna seemed to notice the huge bulge within my shorts as I used my right hand to reach out and touch her face. The erection could not be avoided, as the gorgeous Kristanna was lounging upon the bed in nothing but her sexy black bra and G-string. Those heavenly legs looked most inviting...

"I have you to thank for all of these girls being in my life," I said, embracing her warmly, my voice delicate and soothing. I gently nibbled on her earlobe. "How will I ever be able to re-pay you in exchange for helping me write that matchmaker software? These girls are angels."

"Betal meg tilbake? Du kunne giftet deg med meg isteden."

"Why do you do that to me?" I smiled and shook my head at her. "Why do you slip in Norwegian words like that all of the time? I cannot understand a single word of it!"

"As I said earlier, it be fun. I like yew not knowing vat it is dat I say to yew, Jeremy. If yew vant to know vat it means so badly, den simply learn me language!"

"You could be cursing me out..."

Kristanna laughed at my words. "I do not dink so." She brushed her long-flowing blonde hair away from her forehead with an arm and mused, "I need a snack before going to bed."

"Would you like anything specific? A sandwich? I'll be happy to get something from the kitchen for you."

"I vant some cock," Kristanna replied, which temporarily caught me off-guard. The ravishing young woman emphasized her point with a subtle, sensual move - by licking her lips. Next, she broke away from our embrace and dropped down to her knees beside the bed. Kristanna looked up at me and pointed toward her mouth. "Can yew give me a snack?"

"Of course, sweetheart."

Kristanna smiled and crooked a finger, motioning for me to move closer toward her. I did just that, then let out a soft, gentle moan as she immediately reached out and ran her long, slender fingers over and across my crotch.

Kristanna smiled once again as she then rose up to her feet and wrapped her arms around my shoulders for a loving embrace. I immediately sought her mouth with my own, our warm tongues slipping and sliding together over an easy, languid exchange. Soon, I tilted my head to the side, allowing myself better access into that velvety mouth.

Naturally, after pulling Kristanna close and hugging her myself, my right hand drifted downward. I ran it over and across that nice, firm ass, then ventured even lower. She giggled upon our shared kiss as I caressed the back of her thigh, tracing the tips of my fingers over it. I stood up and increased the ferocity of our deep, mutual kiss.

Kristanna giggled yet again as she backed me against the night-stand and then hooked her opposite leg around my own. Our kiss intensified, naturally, and soon I was ravaging her mouth with all of the passion and fervor I could muster.

"Oh yeah," I sighed as Kristanna then reached into my shorts and pulled my semi-hard cock out, breaking our kiss in the process. She again dropped to her knees and tugged my shorts downward with both hands, then began to pump and squeeze my shaft toward an aching, powerful erection.

"Dis vill really be more dan a snack for me," Kristanna snickered, her right hand a blur it frigged the base of my shaft. "I am going to treat dis like da main course!"

I groaned with pure arousal as, while still perched on her knees, Kristanna snaked her head toward my pelvis and then engulfed my awaiting cock into her hungry mouth with one, swift movement. Oh ... what a wonderful feeling!

As usual, Kristanna moved slowly. She wanted this to last for both of us. With each head-bob, the quirky vixen looked up at me and smiled. I cannot say enough good things about a woman who enjoys the simple pleasure of performing oral sex for her man. Especially when that man is me!

As could be expected, Kristanna looked wonderful on her knees in front of me. She was still dressed in that sexy, little bra and G-string set. Best of all, however, those lips of hers had formed a large 'O' around my erection as she gently worked away at it.

I surrendered myself to the sensations of her lips, tongue and throat, as all three provided me with wondrous pleasure. Soon, her bobbing motion quickened and my testicles seemed to tense up. I could feel an orgasm brewing. Combined with the sight of Kristanna's blonde head bobbing back-and-forth as she slurped me into a frenzy, I lost control of myself.

I thrusted myself forward and buried my erection deep within her throat. Sperm jettisoned outward as if it was fired from a cannon. Kristanna wrapped both arms around my hips and dug her long fingernails into my skin, her throat making a hungry, hearty sound as she guzzled down every last ounce of sperm which I had produced for her.

As my body then crested downward from the incredible height of orgasm, I sighed deeply as Kristanna withdrew my cock from her exquisite mouth. She grasped its base once again and squeezed away, her lovely eyes sparkling as she gazed up at me in a passionate manner.

"Aren't you the sweetest thing?" I asked, taking a step back and then leaning over. Kristanna smiled as I planted a simple kiss on her forehead. "So very sweet."

"Dat hit da spot," the young woman swooned, extending her tongue and then licking her lips. "Dare is nudding quite like da taste of cum at night! Or in da morning, or da afternoon ... any old time, for dat matter!"

I grinned at her. "You're a naughty, little girl."

"Ve are going to have a lot of fun over da next five veeks vid all dese pretty girls on da island. Dank yew, Mister Jeremy, for letting me be a part of dis. Dough, I did miss nearly a vull veek. Unfortunately. But dank yew."

"It was the least I could do, Krissy. After all, you are the one who helped me find all of them in the first place." I smiled at her and asked, "Can I have a snack now?"

Her smile brightened. "I dought yew vould never ask!"

When Kristanna rose to her feet, it was my turn to drop to my knees. Or, at the very least, drop to one knee. I did just that, then reached out and gently massaged both of her immaculate legs with my hands. Eventually, I found the need to kiss them. I trailed my tongue over-and-across her thigh, and even nibbled oh-so-tenderly on her kneecap. I slid one hand upward, squeezing and prodding her tight ass.

Using both hands, I slowly but surely nudged her little G-string down until it fell harmlessly to the floor in a circle around her bare feet. I was rewarded for my efforts with the sight of the sweetest, prettiest pussy in all of the world. I just had to lean forward and gently kiss it.
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top   [Bookmark Next Page] | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 6: Vernacular
Posted: June 08, 2012 - 09:28:11 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"How's my honey?" I asked, staring at that little pussy.

Kristanna decided to remove the black bra that she was wearing herself. She cupped and squeezed each of her modest breasts with her hands as I was still on bended knee in front of her. "Yew da naughty one, Jeremy. But I like yew."

"Lay down on the bed for me."

She obliged, but only after leaning over and planting a sensuous kiss on my lips. Kristanna groaned and sighed seconds later when, flat on her back, she spread her thighs for me. Wow, I said inwardly. Her pussy was beautiful.

"All I need now is a fork and one of those big napkins," I grinned, my eyes transfixed on her womanly treasure. "This is the best all-you-can-eat buffet in the world!"

"Eat as much of it as yew vant," Kristanna giggled. "Yew know dat I love it ven yew eat me pussy, Jeremy, but yew do not do it enough. Eat as much of it as yew vant, ya."

I smiled. "I may just go all night, then."

"Yust do not use a fork on me pussy ... please!"

I chuckled at her. "I'll try not to."

Kristanna groaned once again, this time as I extended my tongue and swiped it over the full length of her exquisite, velvety slit. I used fingers from my left hand to part those lush folds, then inserted my tongue for a taste. She was, as you may imagine, absolutely delicious.

As I soon began to concentrate on the most sensitive flap of skin any woman has - the clitoris - I embedded a pair of fingers into Kristanna's depths and kept them there for now. My tongue was fast and furious as it licked and dabbed away at her clitoris. I did feel like tasting her all night...

Showing her true appreciation for my oral work, Kristanna sought my right hand with her left, and squeezed tightly. She was not about to let go of it, either, as I worked her pussy into more of a frenzy with every passing second. "Oh, Jeremy ... Jeremy..." Squirming about, she arched her neck and back high in response to my handiwork. "Yes, Jeremy..."

"You're the best friend anyone could ever have," I told her. "I'd do anything for you ... Missy Krissy. Anything."

"And I vould do anyding for YEWWWWW..." the blonde sighed, as I increased the speed and tempo of my probing tongue. In addition, I was jamming two fingers in-and-out of her pussy at a rather frenetic pace.

Once Kristanna began to squeal and grunt, I knew I was guiding her along the right path. It would not be too long before I brought her to an orgasm. I would enjoy watching it happen just as much as she would enjoy experiencing it.

When Kristanna's entire body seemed to tighten up all at once, I thrusted two fingers into her pussy one final time, and burrowed my tongue in quite deeply as well. Kristanna put a vise-tight grip on my head with her long, slender legs, and screeched out at the very top of her lungs.

I lapped up the delicious passion fruit of her release with my probing tongue. Only once her orgasm had crested and then began to fade away did Kristanna loosen the grip across my head with her muscular, yet doe-like thighs.

My thirst temporarily quenched, I slid my head upward and came to a stop once Kristanna and I were at eye level. We exchanged smiles, then I gave her a kiss on the lips.

"I know yew are going to hate me for dis, Jeremy," the Norwegian frowned. "But I be really tired. I vas on da airplane for tventy hours today, at da least." Her frown widened as she added, "I need to get some sleep."

I chuckled at her. "You think I want to have sex all night long with you? Is that why you think I'll hate you?"

"I do not DINK yew vant to have sex vid me tonight," she countered, grinning. "I KNOW yew vant to have sex vid me." She giggled and added, "Yew nasty pervert..."

I smiled down at her. "Look who's talking."

Kristanna even let out a little whimper of a cry. "I am so sorry, Jeremy. But I be beat. I need some rest. Maybe yew and me can have sex some udder time, ya?"

"We have five more weeks," I reminded her. "The most time you have ever spent with me on the island was 11 days in a row. Remember that? Last year? Anyway, I am really looking forward to spending all this time with you, Krissy. You're going to be my naughty, little co-hort here."

"How could I miss being around so many beautiful vomen?" she cooed. "Dis is like dream-come-true for girl like me."

I slipped both arms around her lithe body in an embrace and smiled once again. "You can go to sleep, fine. But I get to hold and caress your body all night long."

"Oooooh ... I have no problems vid dat!"

"Kristanna and I have been good friends for four years," I said to the entire group the following morning, as all eight of us were gathered together at the dining room table.

"Four very LONG years," Kristanna snickered, nibbling on her breakfast meal (bacon and eggs). "I am used to having an open sandwich vid butter and yam, and slices of meat or cheese for breakfast. And milk from da cows."

"Are you complaining about Louisa's cooking?" I asked.

"Oh no," Kristanna replied, shaking her head. "I dink Louisa is a great cook. Yust telling yew and all da udders vat it is dat I am used to ... dat is all."

"Butter and yam?" Camille asked, confused.

Pamela giggled. "I think she meant butter and jam."

Kristanna focused her attention onto the girls and added, "Jeremy and I have been friends for four years. How I lasted dis long vid him as me friend is, how yew say ... beyond comprehension." Kristanna laughed at her own words, letting all of the ladies know that she was simply joking around. That was good. Kristanna should rarely be taken seriously.

"How did you and Jeremy meet, Kristanna?" Devon asked.

"I vas visiting Inca ruins in Peru vid me family. Momma and Papa alvays vanted to tour Machu Picchu. One day I met Jeremy in da village outside da temple. He vas touring dare, too. Ve started talking and I decided to stay an extra veek after me parents vent home. I vent to dis island vid Jeremy and fell in love vid da place. Beautiful, beautiful island."

"And ever since then," I chimed in, "Kristanna and I have been the best of friends. She has probably been here to see me 40 or 50 times over the past four years."

"That's a lot of airline miles!" Devon squealed. "You said it takes 20 hours just to get here by airplane..."

"What is Machu Picchu?" Camille inquired. "I think I have heard of it before, but don't know exactly what it is."

"It's an ancient city located high in the mountains in Peru," was my response. "It is nothing more than stone ruins now, of course, but it is a national treasure and is protected by the government. But people can visit and take tours. The area around it is very, very beautiful."

"Machu Picchu is vat got me interested in archeology," Kristanna offered. "I study it at university in California."

"You seem to get around," Pamela observed. "This island, Norway, California. You must be a world traveler."

Kristanna laughed. "I have many frequent flyer miles."

"Machu Picchu sounds like an interesting place," Camille mused. "Would it be too much to ask, Jeremy, if you were to take us on a little side-trip to it before the summer ends?"

"Not at all," I answered, shaking my head. "There are many things to see and do in Peru - especially the capital city, Lima. We'll talk about trips in the future."

Lindsay raised her hand and offered me a shy, sheepish expression when I nodded my head at her. Despite losing her virginity just two days ago to Trish and yours truly, it was great to see that Lindsay still retained her humble nature. It was the one thing that I found most appealing about her.

"I was just wondering," Lindsay murmured, "about who will be Kristanna's room-mate? All of us already have room-mates. I can't imagine you letting her stay all by herself. Nor can I imagine Kristanna wanting to stay all by herself..."

"Maybe Jeremy will be her room-mate," Trish speculated. "They did stay together last night, you know."

"Kristanna CANNOT keep Jeremy all to herself," Devon insisted, which made me smile. I liked that attitude. Devon was very intent on getting her fair share of private and intimate time with me. It was flattering to me.

"Actually, to let yew in on a secret," Kristanna cooed, "da idea is for Jeremy to spend da night vid a different girl every night. Like rotation system ... yew know? Den I stay vid room-mate dat is vid Jeremy."

"That sounds really ... interesting," Pamela responded. I got the sense that she did not care for a rotation system.

"I want to stay with Jeremy tonight," Amy claimed, her tone uneven. "I haven't had a cock in what ... a couple of days?" My body shivered with erotic sensations as Amy then added, "I'll explode soon if I don't get some cock."

"A couple of days for you without a cock?" Pamela grinned. "I'm surprised you can last a couple of HOURS without one!"

"Hi Jeremy," Devon greeted me, much later that afternoon, as she approached me here in the hobby room of the estate. Seated in a comfortable lounge chair and glancing through a fitness magazine which I had borrowed from Trish, I looked up at Devon and she smiled at me. "How are you doing?"

"I'm doing just fine," I told the radiant 27-year-old from Pennsylvania in a friendly, melodious voice. I tilted my head at Devon and offered her an inquisitive expression before continuing, "What can I do for you, my angel?"

Devon giggled at my choice of words. "Hmmmmm ... angel. You're not going to stop calling me that, huh?"

I shook my head at her. "No, of course not. Why should I? Give me one good reason to stop calling you angel."

"Because I'm the furthest thing from being an angel..."

I shook my head once again and chuckled ever-so-softly. "You know that isn't true, Devon." There was a moment of silence between us until I decided to break it. "Is there something that I can do for you? Is that why you're here?"

Devon displayed another bold move on her part by stepping forward and then plopping herself down upon my trusting lap. Even before my mind could register what had just happened, my hands were resting on either side of Devon's trim waist. It must have been an instinctive reaction for me.

Soon, I made eye contact with this enchanting woman and found myself momentarily gasping for breath. Those blue eyes of hers were sparkling and glittering with an obvious attraction for me as Devon offered a sweet, sincere smile.

Needless to say, Devon looked absolutely sensational. Dressed in a form-fitting blouse which had flower print designs all over it, the intoxicating shape and outline of Devon's full, firm breasts were emphasized to their fullest extent. The little blouse, which ended at her midriff, also did a wonderful job of showcasing Devon's flat stomach.

Plus, Devon wore a sexy pair of hip-hugging denim shorts, as well as pink sneakers and white socks which were rolled down to her ankles. Devon's free-flowing, shiny blonde tresses descended across her slender neck and shoulders in loose, healthy wavelets. This woman was purely captivating!

"Actually, there IS a little something that you could do for me," Devon murmured in a soft, sensuous voice, as she wrapped one arm around my shoulder and squeezed generously. Still nestled upon my lap, Devon then placed her lips close to my ear and cooed, "I was hoping, dear Jeremy, that you and I could spend the night together again."

"Really?" I asked, somewhat surprised.

Devon pulled back and lovingly gazed into my eyes once again. "Most definitely. I had the time of my life with you on Wednesday evening. You made me feel so wonderful." My eyes went wide at that last sentence. "Not only because of how you made my body feel ... but also because of how you made my heart feel. You made me very feel special inside." Devon paused and added, "I ... I haven't felt that way in a long, long time. Like I was ... I was someone special."

"Because your last boyfriend did not treat you with the respect and dignity that you deserve?"

Devon shook her head as if she did not want to answer that particular question. Instead, the goddess told me, "I could not have asked for, or even imagined, a man who treated me any better than you did that particular evening. I ... hmmmmm ... it was like all a dream to me. One big dream."

I choked in response to her preceding comment. "What? Dream? Did you say that it was like a DREAM to you?"

Devon nodded. "Yes, definitely. It was awesome. I want to get to know you, Jeremy. I want you to get to know me. I truly believe that we are a lot alike. A lot more alike than anyone else would ever believe. I know this may sound totally insane since we met a mere five days ago ... but I think there could be something really special between us. I want to explore it. I want the opportunity."

"It doesn't sound insane at all, sweetheart," I countered. "I have those same feelings about you."

"Awesome!" Devon gushed, bouncing about upon my lap in a brief instant of glee. "So it is settled? Can I spend the night with you again? It would make me so very happy."

"It would make me very happy too," I said, before taking a deep breath. "But, remember ... I already promised Amy that she could stay with me in my personal suite tonight." Devon made a face as I went on, "Remember? Amy said that she wanted to spend the night with me at the breakfast table earlier. I said that she could. I cannot go back on my word to Amy, Devon. You know that just as well as I do."

Devon let out an exasperated sigh, but then nodded her head in acceptance. "Yes, I know. I forgot that Amy kind of claimed you already for tonight. That was my mistake." Still sitting in my lap, Devon's posture seemed to sag at the unwanted reminder. "What about tomorrow ... Sunday? Do you think we could spend some time together tomorrow?"

Before I could give her an answer, Devon pressed on by saying, "I don't want it to seem like I am being too pushy or too aggressive with you, Jeremy. It's just ... there are so many other girls here right now, and all of them seem to like you. I just want to be your favorite. I want you to think of me as your favorite. You're my ... my favorite."

"You could never be too pushy or too aggressive with me, dear," I assured her. "Trust me on that. Keep being honest in what you say to me. I love it, Devon. I really do. I have been alone for so long that I welcome a woman who is as open as and as vocal with her feelings like you are. I do."

Devon giggled, then frowned the very next instant. "I have confided a couple of things about what has happened thus far between you and me with Camille. Please don't tell her I told you that." I shook my head, indicating that I would not break Devon's confidence in me. "Camille tells me that I am going too fast with you. I'm speeding with you and in the end, I will crash and burn because of it. She says I am being too open and honest in what I say to you. Even that, what I just said about crashing and burning ... that was incredibly honest. But I can't help it. When I like someone, I feel the need to talk, to be honest. I have been this way my whole life. I'm honest to a fault."

"There is nothing wrong with telling me how you feel ... what you think," I implored. "There are plenty of people throughout the world who, if in my position, would be feel a bit hesitant right now. As you said, you and I have known each other for a short time. Yet you are saying all these personal things to me. That would be too fast for a lot of people. But not me, Devon. Not me at all." She smiled at me as I continued, "I want you to be honest. Pour that loving heart of yours out to me. No matter what you say, you will never scare me, never intimidate me, never spook me. You'll just make me even more interested in you."

"I've done this before," Devon fretted. "Been too open and honest in what I say to people. The first boyfriend I ever had was in high school. His name was Tim. One of the reasons we split up was because I confided in him a little too much. What I said at times, it scared him. We were only 17, but I was already talking about marriage."

"I'm not Tim," was my simple response. "I'm Jeremy. You can say whatever you want to me, Devon. I welcome it. I appreciate it. Don't listen to Camille. She does not know who I am, what I think, what I want. Listen to ME."

"Okay," Devon nodded, now straightening herself up within my lap. "So what do you say, Jeremy? Would you like to get together with me tomorrow? I would love to have some more private time with you. I mean, if you're interested..."

I laughed at her. "Of course I am interested, Devon. The answer is yes." Suddenly, Devon appeared genuinely happy. "Yes, we can plan something for tomorrow."

"What are you doing after dinner tonight?" she wondered. "Before Amy comes to visit you?"

"Kristanna and I are going to do some more catching up with each other in my suite," I answered. "You know, she and I are such good friends, but I haven't seen her in three whole weeks. In many ways, Kristanna is like a confidant to me. A lifeline, if you will."

"I can tell just by being around Kristanna yesterday and today that she cares about you very, very much," Devon said. "But the two of you claim to be nothing more than friends."

"Best friends," I corrected her. "You are more than welcome to meet up with us in my personal suite after I clear the dinner table and wash the dishes, Devon. I can guarantee you that Kristanna would love your company."

"Really?"

"Yes, really."

Devon crinkled her nose and shook her head in response. "No, that's okay. Kristanna probably wants that time alone with you as well. As you said, Jeremy, you and her have a lot of catching up to do. Just promise me that we can spend some time together tomorrow, and I will be happy."

"If you don't see me anywhere, I'll probably be in my room," I advised her. "Come find me tomorrow afternoon. How does noon sound? That time will be reserved for you."

Devon squirmed about within my lap for a moment or two, but then offered that glittering smile and found my lips with her own for a soft, sensuous kiss. Not only was our kiss slow and languid, but it also lasted for several seconds. Devon seemed reluctant once she finally broke it.

"Excuse me, Jeremy," came a tender, squealy voice from the opposite side of the hobby room. Devon and I quickly turned our sights toward the source of that voice, which was none other than Lindsay. The wholesome 18-year-old was standing at the entranceway to the hobby room, waving her right hand with quite the apprehensive expression on her face. "I hope that I am not interrupting anything, but..."

Devon, whose lips were no more than three inches from my cheek, took a deep breath and stood up, then backed away from me. Next, she again focused on Lindsay. "You could never interrupt us, honey," Devon told her. "What's up?"

Lindsay flashed Devon that shy, humble smile of hers. What a doll! "I was going to ask Jeremy for a favor."

"Oh?" I inquired. "What would that be, dear?"

Lindsay looked over at me and smiled yet again. "Trish and I are having problems beating one of the big bosses in Buffy the Vampire Slayer for X-Box. We have tried and tried, but cannot get past that level. Trish told me to find you, Jeremy, and ask if maybe you could help us out. You said the other day that you already beat the game."

"I beat the game twice," I corrected her. "I haven't played that particular game in a very long time, though."

Devon rolled her eyes and let out an exaggerated laugh. "Ughhhhh ... video games. Not my cup of tea."

"It's the part of the game where you play as Faith," Lindsay explained. "We cannot get past the final boss!"

"It took me awhile to get past that part too," I mused. "But I eventually made it through. I'll see what I can do for you and Trish, Lindsay. How does that sound?"

"Great!" she chirped. "We really need the help!"

I glanced over at Devon. "Is it okay with you if I go and give them a hand right now? I know that we were having a nice discussion and all..."

"It's fine," Devon mused, grinning at me for emphasis. "I promised Camille earlier that I would go on a walk with her before dinner tonight." Devon looked at her wristwatch and added, "I'm supposed to meet her in ten minutes." As I stood up from the chair, Devon stepped forward and kissed me on the cheek. "I guess I'll see you at dinner-time, Jeremy. Have a good time playing video games."

"You have a good time with Camille. I enjoyed talking with you. Hopefully we can do it again sometime."

"Sometime SOON," Devon insisted, before turning and facing Lindsay. "Will you take good care of Jeremy for me, honey? You're not going to wear him out, now ... are you?"

"Wear him out?" Lindsay giggled, her cheeks flushing a bright, crimson red. This teen-ager's humble innocence and naive nature were two of her most appealing traits - if you ask me, at least. I absolutely loved to see Lindsay blush! "I just want Jeremy to help me and Trish with Buffy!"

"Can I get a kiss before I leave?" Devon inquired, to which Lindsay's eyebrows shot upward.

Just 48 hours removed from losing her virginity, I believe it is safe of me to assume that the only individuals on the island that Lindsay had kissed thus far were Trish and yours truly. Was she ready to take that step with someone else? Was Lindsay prepared to open herself up to the others, too?

Perhaps realizing that she had caught Lindsay off-guard with her bold request, Devon backed off by saying, "Oh ... you don't have to kiss me if you don't want to, honey. I shouldn't have said something like that to you. I'm sorry."

"No, it's okay," Lindsay murmured. She took a very deep breath, as if to collect her courage, then stepped forward and planted a simple kiss onto Devon's luscious mouth. When it was over, Lindsay slowly backed away and, not surprisingly, was blushing beet-red once again.

Devon moaned and smiled at her young friend. "Hmmmmm ... that was nice. Thank you, honey. Thank you very much. I hope there is more of where that came from in the future. Much more." As Lindsay blushed yet again, Devon grinned and waved her hand at me, then turned and exited the hobby room. She was off to find Camille for their pre-dinner stroll.

"Hi sweetheart," I said to Lindsay, closing the distance between us and then giving her a warm embrace. "How is the prettiest 18-year-old girl in all of the world doing today?"

"The prettiest?" she exclaimed, blushing one more time, as our embrace ended. "Do you really mean that?"

"Find me an 18-year-old girl who looks better than you," I challenged her. "You will look your whole life, because you'll never find one. I promise you that." I snuck one arm around Lindsay's firm, slender body, then moved my hand downward and patted that nice, tight ass. Much like Devon, Lindsay had on a pair of denim shorts. She had perhaps the sexiest ass I had ever laid my eyes on. "Such a doll..."

Lindsay closed her eyes for a moment and groaned. "Oh my stars ... I love how your hands feel on me, Jeremy." Suffice it to say, but Lindsay was much more comfortable around me (as well as Trish) than she was anyone else at this point in time. Why? Simply because Lindsay had experienced the joys of sex with Trish and yours truly. As far as I was aware of, at least, we were the only ones - yet.

When I felt a big erection forming within my shorts, I quickly reminded myself of why Lindsay had sought me out on this late-day afternoon. Before I lost control of myself - which seemed like a real possibility with Lindsay looking so very desirable in front of me right now - I remembered that she had come to me with a request. And, most likely, Trish was waiting for us, too. It was time to fulfill it.

"Let's go off to the recreation room and conquer that level in the Buffy game," I said, but only after clearing my throat. Still, my cock was hard - and throbbing. I wanted to get my clutches into this wondrous, lovely girl and never let her go. She was a living, breathing aphrodisiac to me.

"Trish also wanted me to ask you to bring that fitness magazine you borrowed from her along," Lindsay commented. "Apparently, Trish is not yet finished reading it herself."

I gathered the aforementioned magazine from the nearby table and held it up for Lindsay to see. "Off to the recreation room we go, dear. You lead the way."

When Lindsay nodded her head and turned to walk away, I smiled inwardly. I was going to keep my eyes glued to that tight, little ass of hers until we reached the elevator on the opposite side of the mansion. Certainly, the scenery during this upcoming walk was going to be most lovely.

And when we stepped into the elevator, I would make sure that my curious hands would be all over that precious ass...

"Yew verr really gentle and loving vid her," Kristanna commented to me, perhaps two hours later, as we relaxed in the voyeur room together. She and I were watching footage from Thursday night on the monitor in front of us - when Trish and I took Lindsay's virginity. "Lindsay is such a sveet ding. It must have been special for yew too, Jeremy."

"It was very special," I countered, feeling uncomfortable because I had another erection hidden away in my trousers. Watching my red-hot encounter with Lindsay and Trish did the trick. The thought then crossed my mind that my cock needed some attention. Maybe Kristanna could help me out?

"It vas also very exciting too, I see," the 23-year-old giggled, motioning toward my crotch with her head.

On the monitor in front of us, Trish literally begged me to allow her to help place my cock into Lindsay's pussy. When I agreed, Trish was all happy and smiles, and soon did the deed. Kristanna watched intently as I eased my shaft into Lindsay - who was still a virgin at the time - before I began to gently pump and thrust away at her.

"Oh my..." was Kristanna's reaction to the footage, even running a hand over and across one of her taut, firm breasts. Kristanna focused upon one of her breasts and began to knead it through the silky blouse that she had on.

When I was going full-throttle at Lindsay on the screen, Kristanna turned her head and smiled up at me. "I vish yew vould have been da one to take me virginity too, Jeremy!" Although she was being honest and forthright, I could not help but to chuckle at Kristanna's broken English. I cannot emphasize just how much I enjoyed listening to that accent!

Kristanna then pointed at the image of young Lindsay and rightfully said, "Dat girl is having da time of her life!"

"What do you think, Krissy? I know you have been here less than 24 hours, but what do you think? If you were in my shoes and had to make a decision, who would you pick? Which girl do you think is best for me?"

"I dink yew could not go vrong with Devon, Pamela or Trish," she answered. "I like all of dem a lot. I like Devon da most, dough. But I see vy yew like Trish too, Jeremy. Yew said earlier dat she is yewr number-one now. But yew said Pamela is attracted to yew, too." Kristanna smiled and patted me on the shoulder. "Yew have a lot of difficult decisions to make, Mister Jeremy."

"What about the others?"

"Amy come from broken marriage and admit dat she cheat on her husband many times in da first year of marriage. She vas telling Devon and me all about it after breakfast earlier. Den she got back togedder vid her husband, but cheat on him again." Kristanna vigorously shook her head and surmised, "Yew do not vant voman like dat to be yewr vife, Jeremy. It almost seem like Amy vas bragging about all dat cheating."

I frowned and shrugged my shoulders. "I do not think Amy was ever happy with her husband. That is why she cheated on him. Personally speaking, I think Amy got married way before she was ready. If she could find someone who made her happy, I think Amy would settle down and be a good wife."

"I am not telling yew how to live yewr life, Jeremy," Kristanna advised me. "Yew did ask for me opinion. Dat is vat I am giving here. But I hope yew are not entertaining doughts of Amy. She is da one girl here voo has da highest probability of breaking yewr heart. Trust me on dat, ya. Yew could not stand anudder voman breaking yewr heart again."

"It's not that I'm thinking of Amy as a possible choice right now," I countered. "It's just ... I like to look for the good in everyone." Kristanna nodded her head as I went on, "It just seems to me that if Amy found the right person, it would change her life completely. Her ways, her attitude. Everything. I think she would settle down and be faithful."

"Dat is only ding I do not agree vid," Kristanna mused. "I dink Amy is a nymphomaniac voo cannot be corralled. I am not saying dat is bad ding. I yust dink dat yew do not vant to have dat type of voman as yewr vife, Jeremy. As yewr playding or one-night stand, yes, but not yewr vife." The 23-year-old from Norway paused for a moment, but then added, "I dink I have Amy figured out. I dink I do. Da reality is dat Amy is a little girl trying to play big girl games."

"A little girl trying to play big girl games?" I had no clue where Kristanna was headed with this analogy. "Do you mind explaining what you mean by it?"

"Amy be so caught up in da appearance of control - she claims she vants to take little Lindsay and do all dese nasty dings to her. She says she vants to violate her. I do not dink so. All Amy really vants in life, dis be my opinion, is to curl up in someone's arms, and be protected or even dominated herself. She may envision dat vid yew, Jeremy."

"Then why does she act dominant and harsh at times?"

"Simple," Kristanna said. "Cannot yew see how lonely and depressed Amy is in life? Yust look at her actions dus far. Amy screams and begs for attention at all times. As long as someone is villing to give Amy a reaction - any reaction - she will adapt her vays to suit dem or da situation on a moment's notice. Under all of dat, dough, is a little, timid submissive girl. I can see it." Kristanna nodded her head and continued, "If yew asserted yewrself vid her, Jeremy ... I mean REALLY asserted yewrself, Amy vould melt in yewr arms yust like butter. Being dominant not in yew, dough."

"What about Lindsay and Camille, dear?" I wondered. "You said I could not go wrong with Devon, Pamela or Trish. We've talked about Amy. What about Lindsay and Camille?"

"Camille is easy," Kristanna said. "Dis is yewr sixth day vid all da girls, and Camille is only one voo has not made move on yew yet. Yew have to start vundering if da girl is interested in yew, Jeremy. Yew did tell me a vile ago dat Camille made move on Lindsay, Trish, Devon and Amy so far ... but not yew. Plus she does not trust yew, yew said." Kristanna giggled and added, "She be afraid dat yew run ... slave camp. I could see yew as dominant Master, Jeremy." Kristanna laughed again. "Dat vould be sight to see!"

I smiled at her words. "What about Lindsay?"

"Lindsay is VAY too young for yew."

This time, Kristanna's words made me frown. Three or four years ago, I would have strongly disputed the notion that there was that much of a discrepancy in age between myself and an 18-year-old. But now, at the creaky age of 38, I had finally accepted the fact that I could be considered too old for certain individuals. I tried not to think about it too much, obviously, because it was so depressing. But the simple truth? I was more than twice Lindsay's age. I was old enough to be her father.

"She yust lost her virginity two nights ago," Kristanna added. "She is pretty, pretty girl. After her time here on island ends, Lindsay vill vant to go back home and experience vat udders have to offer her. Guys, girls. She is yust a baby, Jeremy. Yew vant to get married right now in life. Lindsay vant to go out and have fun. Yew and Trish opened new door for her yust da udder night. Let her explore it." Kristanna pointed toward my crotch and cooed, "Dis part of yew vants to dink of Lindsay as possible vife. Vat yew did vid her Dursday night vas so exciting." Next, she pointed at my head. "But dis part know better. Dink about it."

"Dursday?" I laughed. Kristanna was priceless! "I had a real good time with Lindsay and Trish in the recreation room earlier. I gave them some hints and advice about how to get through Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Chaos Bleeds. It took a little while, but they finally beat the whole game."

"Yew did not help dem by playing yewrself?"

I shook my head and responded, "No, I thought it would be better if they beat the game themselves instead of me. As I said, I simply gave them advice and pointers on what to do."

"Dat game is eight or nine years old, no?"

"Something like that," I nodded. "Oldie, but a goodie."

"Yew are oldie, but goodie too."

"Gee, thanks Krissy," I sarcastically grinned.

Glancing at the monitor in front of us, Kristanna watched for a couple of seconds as Lindsay's blonde head bobbed up-and-down over my shaft, while Trish was nestled beneath her, licking that sweet, delicious pussy.

"Do yew get yewr cock in Trish sometime during dis?"

"Eventually, yes," I nodded. "Trish goes oral on Lindsay while I do her from behind, doggie-style."

"Trish is da confident and cheerful fitness instructor," Kristanna observed. "I get feeling from talking to her dat she has to be da best in everyding dat she do. Pamela is da vayvard stripper voo lost her grasp on reality many several years ago." My eyes narrowed because of that last comment as she continued, "And Devon is sveet, innocent girl voo is looking for love. Her life is not complete vidout it. Yew cannot go vrong vid any of dem, Jeremy."

I have always considered Kristanna to be one of the most intuitive people I have ever known. She is an excellent judge of character. But her words about Pamela disturbed me. Once again, I needed a clarification on what she meant.

"Wayward stripper who lost her grasp on reality?"

"Yew ask me opinion, I give it to yew," Kristanna reminded me. "I am not saying anyding bad about Pamela. I like her a lot. But her senses have been dulled and yaded. Da computer program ve vrite togedder predicted Pamela vould be dis vay. I have seen nudding to change me opinion duss far."

"What do you base your opinion on?"

"A voman DAT hot and beautiful has sex vid yew, Jeremy, and says yew are first man for her in over a year. Yew are first PERSON for her in eight months, only excluding da day before ven she vas vid Amy. Vat is vrong vid dat picture? Pamela obviously vants to fall in love and get married. But me dinks dat being stripper has ruined da vay she perceives how udders are looking at her. Dare are many men, and vomen, voo vould die for a chance to be vid a voman dat smart and beautiful. But Pamela cannot see dat. She cannot infer it. Vat she sees is everyone looking at her as sex object. It is vat she is accustomed to in life."

When I did not respond for several seconds, Kristanna added, "I have a friend in Hermansvark, vitch is city in Norvay, voo is stripper. Her name be Ragnhild. I compare her to Pamela because I see many similarities betveen dem. Ragnhild has stripped for so long, and exposed herself to so many strangers, dat she does not trust anyone anymore. She is blind even to dose people voo are good to her. Vy ... Ragnhild does not even trust ME, if yew can believe dat."

"Pamela trusts me," I countered.

"Pamela trusts yew because yew are incredibly kind and humble person," Kristanna mused. "Yew radder sit down and talk vid a hot voman for hours at a time instead of having sex vid her. No one else in da vorld is like dat. I dink Pamela may look at yew, Jeremy, as her last, best chance at happiness. Dat is vy she has clutched onto yew so hard and heavy so far. Dat me opinion. I am not saying dat Pamela is not da right girl for yew. In fact, yew and her are a lot alike. Yew match up very vell."

"In what way?"

"Yew are male version of Pamela, but for many different reasons," she said. "Yew lost yewr grasp on reality long ago, Jeremy, because of vat Victoria did to yew." I gulped my throat as Kristanna continued, "Dare is reason vy most of dese girls love yew. But yew cannot see it, eedder."

"I'm a lot better than I used to be," I defended myself.

"Yes, yew are," Kristanna nodded. "Yew most definitely are. But yew still have a long vays to go. Yew hot, sexy man. But yew see yewrself as ordinary, plain man."

"Hot ... and sexy?"

Kristanna laughed at my response. "See vat I mean? Yew hot and sexy. Yew incredibly kind and gracious. Yew vould give shirt off yewr back to anyone dat needed it. Yew are most caring man ... PERSON, I have ever met. And yew are humble, and very loyal. Every voman dreams of marrying a man like yew, Jeremy. Yew yust cannot see dat."

"What Victoria did to me, Krissy, it sh-shattered me..."

"Victoria vas 18 long years ago in yewr life!" Kristanna exclaimed. "I know it hurt, Jeremy! I know vat she did vas totally humiliating to yew! But yew HAVE to move on! Dink how long 18 years is ... I vas five summers old den. Only five! I vas tiny girl playing on me farm vid da goats and da cows. Yew have let Victoria rule and effect yewr life for much too long. Yew live all alone on dis island for 16 years, shielded from da rest of humanity. Scared to death dat someone may hurt yew like Victoria once did! But during all dat time, life passes yew by. ALL DOSE YEARS! Yew could have met a Devon a long time ago, Jeremy. A Pamela, a Trish. Yew vould be so happy now. Yew vould have a vife, children, a family. But yew choose to stay all alone on dis island. I have never really fully understood vy yew do dis."

When I hung my head low and took a deep, painful breath, Kristanna sprung up from her chair here in the voyeur room and embraced me with both arms. She rubbed her hands over and across my shoulders several times in succession, then kissed the crown of my head. "I do not mean to hurt yew, Mister Jeremy. Yew know yew are vunderful man in me eyes. Vunderful man, vunderful friend. I yust do not like to see yew vaste avay on dis island like yew have."

I sighed, then nodded my head, trying to hold back a rush of tears. "I'm glad you convinced me, Krissy, to bring all these women here. I really am. This is going to work. All the time and trouble we went through, all the money this is costing me. If I find happiness, it will all be worth it."

"Da money is drop in da bucket to yew," Kristanna grinned, releasing me from her loving arms. "Yew can afford to lose a few million American dollars." She kissed me on the lips and cooed, "It vill be good for yew."

"Since when is losing money good?"

"Look at vat yew are gaining, dough," Kristanna smiled, embracing me again. "I yust vant yew to be happy, Jeremy. As long as yew are happy, Kristanna is happy, ya."

On the display monitor now, there was the image of me blasting Trish from behind in the doggie-style position as she busily slurped and lapped away at Lindsay's pussy. Because the three of us were making a lot of noise with our collective screams and grunts, Kristanna turned and eyed the action. "Yew sure did have a lot of fun dat night!"

"More fun than you would ever imagine..."

Kristanna grinned once again. "Seems to me dat Devon really, really like yew, Jeremy. But I like Devon too! Vat do yew dink me chances are of getting up-close and personal vid her? I am not talking yust about sex, eeder. I dink she is really sveet girl, and I vant to get to know her."
Continues...

Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Next Page
Home | Top   [Bookmark Next Page] | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | JeremyDCP's Page « Island Fever Index « Previous Chapter
Chapter 6: Vernacular
Posted: June 08, 2012 - 09:28:11 am


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Continuation...

"Talk to her," was my advice. "If there is one thing that I know about Devon thus far, it is that she wants a very open and honest relationship. Tell Devon that you like her, want to get to know her. Don't be afraid to hold back with her, either. I think Devon is a lot like me that way, Kristanna. She wants others to give her positive re-enforcement. She will eat up any and all compliments that you give her."

Kristanna giggled. "Hopefully she eat udder dings, too."

Suddenly, another monitor flickered to life here in the voyeur room. The motion detector at the far end of the hall which led to my personal suite picked something up, and those images were now being relayed to the equipment here in the voyeur room. Curious as to who it may be, Kristanna and I both glanced at the monitor intently.

"Looks like Pamela and Amy vant to talk to yew, Jeremy," she observed. "Judging by dare choice of clodding, dough - or lack dareof - I do not dink dey vant to talk for long." I gulped my throat at the wondrous sight upon the monitor in front of us as Kristanna added, "I vill stay here - in voyeur room. I vant to catch up on some of da udder events dat I missed dis past veek. I vill look into da archives."

"Are you sure you want to stay here?"

"Yes," she confirmed. "Go and be vid Pamela and Amy. Yew promised da night to Amy earlier. But ... yew supposed to be vatching hockey with Trish tonight." Kristanna pointed to the monitor that oversaw a live feed of the recreation room. In it, Trish was seated at one of the computer terminals watching an Internet broadcast of game two of the Stanley Cup Finals between the Los Angeles Kings and New Jersey Devils. Aptly enough, Trish had on a Toronto Maple Leafs' jersey. She was quite the fanatic when it came to the Maple Leafs. "Yew and Trish planned on vatching dat game tonight, no?"

"It was gonna be tonight, but we decided a couple of hours ago that we would watch the game on Monday night instead," I told her. "Lindsay is even going to watch it with us. Trish knew that Amy was itching to be with me tonight."

"Amy be itching to be vid yew in more vays dan one."

After giving Kristanna a full kiss on the lips, I exited the voyeur room and closed off its entrance. I took a long, deep breath, knowing what was soon in store for me, then went over to the door and opened it.

Standing on the opposite side of the doorway were the duo of Pamela and Amy, both of whom were looking back at me with expression of pure lust and desire on their beautiful faces. Indeed, I knew exactly what was about to happen.

Pamela, the incredibly stacked blonde from Maryland who had swung back-and-forth like a pendulum in being (or not being) my favorite thus far, was wearing a skintight halter top which hugged and clutched her formidable breasts in a truly intoxicating manner. I could clearly see her nipples through the thin fabric, so it was quite obvious that she was not wearing a bra underneath it. The only other thing Pamela had on was a purple G-string. What an inspirational, mouth-watering and simply awe-inspiring body this woman had.

Amy, on the other hand, was wearing a see-through nightie (with no bra or panties underneath). The mere sight of her in the flimsy piece of lingerie caused my cock to ache in total arousal. She obviously had no shame.

"Can we come in for a bit?" was Amy's question. I could tell by the naughty look on her face that she and Pamela did not come up here to borrow some sugar. Nor did they want to sit down and have a heart-to-heart discussion for two hours.

"Step on in, girls," I said in a friendly tone, thinking to myself what Kristanna was up to in the adjacent voyeur room right now. She was going to get a quite a spicy, live show here in another minute or two...

The two ravishing ladies strolled into my suite and first looked around it, then turned their attention toward me as I closed the door. I then remembered a few nights ago - before my bicycle ride with Devon turned into something erotic - I wanted to have a three-some with Pamela and Amy. Now, it seemed as if my fantasy would become a reality.

"Is it okay if we show up unannounced like this?"

"Of course it is," I told Pamela in response. "Feel free to stop by at any time ... especially if you two ladies choose to dress like this. I would have no objections."

The girls looked at each other and giggled. Now, both of them knew they had me right where they wanted me - as if they did not know that before. I was theirs for the taking...

Pamela spoke in a sultry voice, "Jeremy, the whole island is buzzing with the news of what happened on Thursday night between you, Lindsay and Trish. Not only did you get to take Lindsay's virginity, but Trish was there too, and she made it a three-some. Amy was going to spend tonight with you alone, as she asked for earlier today. But now she says that since we're all such good friends, maybe you would like to have a three-some with us as well. So ... let's have one."

"Right now," Amy concurred.

Direct, blunt ... to the point. I liked that. Was it any surprise that my cock was about to burst from being so hard?

The ladies did not wait for my verbal response. Instead, they closed the distance between them and me, and literally attached our three bodies together as one. Pamela's arms were around my shoulders, squeezing hard, as she ravaged my mouth with a heated, tongue-filled kiss. Amy wrapped one arm around my lower back and the other around Pamela's slender waist, then started to plant kisses along my face and neck.

Needless to say, I was disoriented for a moment. Two gorgeous women basically having their way with me at the same time was a very unique and scintillating experience. It was certainly not an everyday occurrence in my life.

I then realized that from this point forward, because of the island and its nature, this may very well be a common thing for me. The ladies may expect to share me in group sex settings from now on. Maybe nothing I experience would be one-on-one again. A three-some with Devon and Kristanna in the morning? Maybe another with Trish and Lindsay a few hours later? Or, perhaps all seven of them would want me at once in a big, full-blown orgy? I was just one man, mind you. How was I going to survive the next five weeks?

I quickly regained my composure and returned Pamela's kiss with all of the fervor and passion that she was exerting on me herself. Meanwhile, I felt Amy grab my left hand and place it on Pamela's sweet, perfectly-proportioned backside. Amy kneaded the back of my hand for a brief moment, which told me that she wanted me to pinch and squeeze Pamela's ass. When I started doing so, Amy giggled and let go of my hand.

I used my other hand to reach around Amy's body and grab hold of her round ass, too. Now, I was fondling both ladies as they continued to assault my neck, face and mouth with their splendid barrage of nibbles, licks and kisses.

The exchange of tongues between Pamela and I had become rather intense in a very short period of time. Amy, who had been munching on my neck and face, suddenly decided to enter herself into the kiss that Pamela and I shared. She moved her lips in close to ours and seconds later, I had the tongues of two gorgeous women in my mouth at the same time.

Although our heads were all cramped together as one, the triple-kiss lasted for several seconds. Soon, however, we found a more comfortable position and began to play the wonderful game of tongue tag in the open air. At the same time, Amy reached down and rubbed the bulge in my trousers as I continued to squeeze both her and Pamela's sweet asses.

"You two girls are incredible," I moaned, trying to catch my breath. "Simply incredible!"

Pamela and Amy giggled at my words, then focused their attention on each other for a short time, first attaching their lips together, then licking and slurping away with their tongues. Seconds later, they broke the kiss and gazed at me, giggling with an obvious sense of arousal.

"Isn't she gorgeous?" Amy said, now looking at her sweet girlfriend and pecking her on the cheek. "Simply gorgeous." Pamela smiled and snickered at those words. I could tell that even though they had been together a very short time, these two ladies already had something special together.

"Amy's my little fireball," Pamela chirped, kissing her lover's cheek in return. Fireball, I assume, referred to Amy's flame-red hair. What else could it mean? "My wild, little, cock- and pussy-hungry fireball."

Amy was still massaging my erection through the trousers I wore. Pamela noticed this and decided to join in on the fun. As Amy rubbed away on my hard cock through the fabric, Pamela dropped to her knees and undid my trousers, then yanked them downward in a flash. She took off my shoes and had me step out of my trousers, then pulled my briefs down and tossed them off to the side as well.

"A big, hard cock can only mean good things," Pamela observed with a grin. "Hmmmmm ... my night-time snack!"

My body tensed with hot desire as Amy now latched onto the base of my shaft, as well as my testicles, and squeezed. I looked at her with a dazed expression, which brought a smile to her lovely face. Her hand was very skilled...

"Do you like that?"

"Yes, Miss Amy," I moaned. "I like that a LOT."

The excitement level within me increased tenfold when I felt a pair of lips wrap themselves around the head of my cock. I looked down and noticed that Pamela, still on her knees, had done me the honor. She stared back up at me, a carnal grin on her face, as she sucked and slurped the head of my shaft with those soft, luscious lips. At the same time, Amy was busy pumping and frigging the base of my cock. However, all of my attention was currently focused on Pamela.

I could forever watch the blonde and bodacious 30-year-old service my cock on her knees, and never lose interest. I was intent to do so, too, until Amy used her free hand to cup my chin, and turn my gaze toward her. A split-second later, she attached her mouth to mine for a heated kiss. We traded both our lips and tongues while out of the corner of my eye, I saw Pamela still looking up at me as she sucked my cock. Her luminous brown eyes, in fact, were trained on my face.

My right hand had never left Amy's sweet, beautiful ass. I had been groping and massaging it thoroughly for several seconds, but was soon joined by one of Pamela's hands as well. She reached up and gently touched my arm, then sunk her fingers into the lush skin of Amy's backside too.

Disappointment washed over me as the seductress suddenly broke our kiss, out of nowhere. However, my feelings soon changed to unspeakable desire as Amy dropped to her knees right alongside Pamela. Still grasping the base of my cock with her hand, Amy watched with interest as Pamela continued to provide me with her own, special brand of oral worship.

I tossed my head back and sighed in utter lust as Amy swiped her tongue over and across my very delicate, aching testicles. I looked back down and noticed that the two ladies, both on their knees side-by-side in front of my erect cock, were now looking at each other. It almost appeared as if they were communicating with their eyes.

Perhaps they were, because Pamela withdrew my cock from her mouth and offered her lover a sweet smile. Amy returned it, then she swallowed my shaft in one, easy motion.

I almost lost control of myself right there, but was able to somehow keep my composure. Amy wasted no time as she began to furiously suck my cock right away. I watched in amazement as Pamela splayed a series of kisses alongside Amy's face, while still cupping and massaging her ass with one hand. "Such a pretty thing," Pamela commented, clearly referring to her room-mate while kissing her.

The red-head, or fireball as Pamela so affectionately called her, continued forth with her oral assault on my cock for several seconds until coming to an abrupt halt.

Amy withdrew my big erection from within her mouth, which made me wonder if something was wrong. Why stop such a great blowjob, so sudden? It made no sense to me. Everything was perfectly fine, though - as I soon would find out.

Amy offered my shaft back to Pamela, who greedily stuffed its full length back into her mouth. The two ladies were taking equal turns, sucking my erection! Wow!

Pamela's head bobbed back-and-forth on my enlarged shaft as I continued to moan and sigh in pure lust. Meanwhile, Amy was keeping herself busy as she busily groped and squeezed one of Pamela's full, luscious breasts through the incredibly tight halter top that she wore. Again, what a body Pamela had! No wonder she had $600,000 saved in the bank from 11 years of working as an exotic dancer...

I could feel my cock lodged somewhere deep within Pamela's throat once she had taken its full length into her mouth. I growled at the sensation, looking down and noticing that her mouth and nose were jammed against my pubic hair. I reached out and caressed her head, running my fingers throughout her long-flowing blonde hair. Pamela looked up at me, then took my cock out of her mouth and offered it back to Amy.

Shaking my head, I moaned once again as Amy jammed my erection back into her hungry mouth. The young woman emulated her room-mate by bobbing her head back-and-forth on my throbbing cock. I could feel her tongue, inside of her mouth, slipping and sliding like crazy over my shaft.

This type of encounter was something most men could only fantasize about experiencing. I consider myself just your typical, average guy ... and definitely never dreamed that I would be involved in a three-some such as this one day. I was with two of the most beautiful women I had ever known in my whole, entire life, and both of them were starved for my erection. Absolutely STARVED! It was totally unbelievable!

My shaft was close to an explosion as Pamela nuzzled her nose against my pubic hair, then used her tongue to swipe and lick my testicles. This was incredible to experience! One gorgeous woman was sucking my cock while another was licking my testicles. Both of them, of course, were in very submissive positions - on their knees in front of me.

At least for now, though, I was far from the one in control. Pamela and Amy were in control at this moment in time. I was their submissive! As you may have guessed, I had no problem with that - considering what was happening.

Amy took my member out of her mouth, then fisted its base once again. She began to lick and kiss its tip while Pamela moved her attention from my testicles to the middle of my cock. She used her lips to gently suck its diameter from the side while Amy continued to pump and frig the base, all the while kissing and licking its bulging tip.

The sensation of what basically amounted to a dual blowjob by two luscious women was about to send me over the edge of madness. I was very close to an orgasm, but felt as if I could hold out for another half-minute or so. After all, I wanted to prolong this feeling of pure, unequaled ecstasy. This was the most stimulation that I had ever felt, bar none!

However, I suddenly erupted like a volcano when Pamela and Amy exchanged tongues with my erection firmly wedged between their lips. The first shot of sperm blasted out from within my shaft and landed squarely on Pamela's shoulder.

Both ladies quickly moved so their beautiful faces were directly in line with my cock. I looked down and let out a wild groan as Pamela and Amy had their mouths wide open, their tongues extended, their eyes locked on my face.

The second spurt hit Amy on the tip of her nose and her upper lip. A big glob dripped down and fell onto her tongue, which obviously made her very happy. My third cum-shot was aimed directly at Pamela's wide-open mouth. A huge blast was directly deposited onto her tongue ... and quickly swallowed down her hungry, greedy throat.

Both girls grasped my cock and began to pump it, wanting more sperm. They put their tongues together - and that was enough incentive for me to produce one final shot. Half of it landed in Amy's mouth while the other half went to Pamela. What better way to punctuate such an intense double blowjob?

I took a deep breath and collapsed into a seated position upon the bed behind me. Both women knew that for the time being, my proverbial well had run dry. I was tapped out.

I would need some time to rest and recover, of course, but that did not stop Pamela and Amy from enjoying the company of each other. The pair of lust queens looked at one another and smiled, then shared a sperm-filled kiss.

I moaned at the sight of Pamela and Amy as they clutched each other in a warm, passionate embrace. I watched as the two ladies squished their breasts together tightly, their lips locked, their tongues dancing. I could not help but to grasp my deflated cock, and start pumping.

Amy slipped a hand between their pressed bodies, then started fondling Pamela's large breasts through the small, snug-fitting halter top she wore. The pair of lovers broke their kiss for a moment, and used the opportunity to catch their collective breaths. Seconds later, however, the two hellcats were engaged in another heated lip-lock.

It did not last long, though. Amy broke the kiss and immediately pulled Pamela's top up, and over, her head. The stacked blonde, as I noticed earlier, was not wearing a bra. Her big, heavy-set breasts came into view - which brought an aching twinge to my cock. Amy reached out with both hands to fondle and squeeze Pamela's heavenly rack.

The red-head looked back at me and smiled at the sight of me pumping myself toward an erection. She licked her lips for a moment, then grinned and asked me, "Isn't this girl gorgeous?" She was referring to Pamela, of course. "Look at those breasts ... no wonder she's a stripper! Those are what you call God-given sweater busters!"

"Absolutely," I agreed, watching the pleasure-filled expression on Pamela's immaculate face. It seemed as if she truly enjoyed having her breasts touched and groped. I would have to remember that for future reference...

Pamela focused her attention on me long enough to notice that I was busy masturbating to the sight of her and Amy together. She motioned toward me with her head, then turned and grinned playfully at Amy.

"I love it when guys whack off for me," Amy commented, her green eyes flashing. "It turns me on SO MUCH..."

I stroked myself at an even faster pace as Amy pulled her lover down to the floor with her, while disposing of her G-string panties at the same time. The two ladies took a seat and embraced quickly, their lips finding each other for yet another tongue-filled kiss. When it ended a short time later, Pamela used the opportunity to pull Amy's see-through nightie up, and over, her head. She tossed it to the side, leaving Amy completely, gloriously nude.

Realizing that the only one remaining in the room who even had a single piece of clothing on was yours truly, I decided to remedy the situation. I discarded my muscle shirt and began stroking my shaft again, while focusing all of my attention on the two angels making out in front of me.

Pamela tilted her head and attached her lips to one of Amy's nipples, then began sucking away. The vixen tossed her head back and sighed in obvious pleasure. I watched with interested eyes as Pamela slurped and licked away on Amy's delicate, sensitive nipple. She soon switched over to the other breast and gave it the same type of oral treatment.

"Oh yeah," Amy moaned, cradling Pamela's head with her hands. "Yeah ... that's what I like. Suck my breasts. Suck on them, baby. Get me all hot and bothered. Suck them."

Obviously, Pamela had no problem following through with the nymphomaniac's request. She continued to feast away on Amy's rigid nipples, alternating between each of them every 15 seconds or so. Eventually, Pamela slipped a hand between Amy's spread thighs, then used two fingers to prod and massage her swollen clitoris. Next, she extended her tongue and lapped away madly on Amy's deepened cleavage.

"What a perv..." Amy snickered, looking at me. "Watching us have sex while you whack off." She shook her head and grinned, "I like it, though. I like it a lot."

Pamela glanced at me for an instant, then looked back at her girlfriend. "Don't you know what Jeremy is doing? He's getting his cock hard again so he can fuck both of us."

"He doesn't need his hand for that," Amy remarked in a matter-of-fact way. "My hand could do that, or my mouth. Get him hard, you know."

Pamela smiled and said, "Why don't you go over and suck his cock while I lick your pussy?"

I almost blew another load right there...

Amy grinned and rose to her knees, then made her way over to where I was seated on the edge of the bed. She spread her knees on the floor, grabbed my wrist and pulled my hand away from my erection. Seconds later, it was better replaced by her own hand as she began pumping me furiously.

Meanwhile, I watched Pamela as she brought a hand to her mouth and licked its palm thoroughly. Next, she laid down on the floor and rolled onto her back. I smiled to myself when she scooted along the floor until her head was directly between her girlfriend's spread-open thighs.

"Lick my pussy, baby," Amy said to Pamela, just before she closed her thick, pouty lips over my pulsating cock.

Amy's green eyes were alive with desire as she looked up at me from her knees, her lips and mouth busy savoring the taste and feel of my erection. At the same time, I could look down and watch as Pamela - flat on her back with her face between Amy's spread knees - started to go to work on the 30-year-old's beautiful, wondrous pussy.

Moaning with hot desire, I reached down with both hands and grasped Amy's head as she continued to feverishly suck and slurp away on my erection. The seductress bobbed her head back-and-forth at a blistering pace, while constantly looking directly up and into my eyes.

Meanwhile, Pamela was thrusting two fingers in-and-out of Amy's pussy as she continually lapped away with her tongue. This was having a definite effect on Amy, too. As she sucked my cock, Amy's body began to vibrate and writhe about in obvious arousal. Clearly, Pamela had a very skilled tongue and knew just how to please all of her lady friends.

However, Amy was not the only one at this point in time who was experiencing the absolute ultimate in pleasure.

I let loose a wild growl as the suckstress swallowed the entire length of my erection into her mouth, only to then begin deep-throating me. I looked at Amy's face, noticing those alluring green eyes staring right back at me as she simply tried to devour my shaft. The goddess, without any doubt, was a wonderful and extremely polished cock-sucker. Obviously, Amy had a lot of practice when it came to fellatio. Then again, I said inwardly, look at all of the guys - by her own admission - that she had been with over the years.

Amy then screamed and wailed in unparalleled passion as an orgasm suddenly gripped her body - courtesy of Pamela's tongue. The young woman cried and rocked about in lust, but somehow managed to hold onto my cock and stroke it the whole time. A few more seconds of this, I told myself, and I would most definitely blow my load all over that pretty face...

Once her orgasm subsided, Amy let out a content sigh and stopped pumping my cock, but still held onto it. She moved out from over Pamela, allowing me to the see that the blonde bombshell's face was completely covered with a thick sheen of orgasmic, female juices. Dear God ... this was too much!

I moaned at the sight while Pamela looked at both of us and grinned with pure, erotic delight. Amy's little pussy must have tasted absolutely wonderful to Pamela...

"I want you to fuck her," Amy said to me, still holding my erection as she glared down at Pamela. "I want you to put that big cock in her pussy, and fuck her REALLY HARD."

Pamela let loose another smile, obviously liking this particular idea. "Sounds like a good plan to me."

Grasping my cock, Amy yanked on it slightly until I rose to a standing position. Then she pulled downward, causing me to drop to the floor right beside Pamela.

"I want you to fuck her," the fiendish vixen repeated, her voice full of passion. "I want you to fuck her, and spurt off deep in her pussy." She paused and added, "After that, I'm going to suck all of the cum right out of her pussy."

I took in a deep breath and sighed while an excited squeal came from Pamela. This was going to be fun...

Amy released my erection and then pointed at her lover, wanting me to penetrate her. I smiled and prepared myself to enter Pamela. Fisting my cock, I watched with interested eyes as Pamela dutifully spread her thighs wide beneath me. I could see the look of pure desire in her own eyes as she stared back at me, while Amy continued to egg me on.

"Fuck her, and fuck her HARD."

"Don't you worry," I told Amy in a low tone. "I will."

In a flash, I hooked Pamela's legs over my shoulders and moved in between her spread thighs. Still fisting my cock, I then mounted the exotic dancer in the missionary position and proceeded to sink my cock into her hot, moist pussy.

"OH YES," Pamela growled in wanton lust. "YES! FEELS SO GOOD! SO GOOD! FEELS SO GOOD!" She was quite the vocal sort, for sure. I liked that quality in a woman...

"HARD!" Amy demanded. "FUCK HER HARD!"

Those naughty words, combined with the fact that I had my cock buried in such a gorgeous, ravishing woman, simply set me off. I clutched Pamela tightly to me and then started slamming myself in-and-out of her at a furious rate of speed. She roared out her approval while reaching up and wrapping her arms around my shoulders. I continued hammering away at her as she placed the side of her face upon my shoulder.

"OH YES!" Pamela screamed in total arousal. "FUCK ME! FUCK ME! OH GOD YES, FUCK ME! FUCK ME!"

Amy sat off to the side and watched with interested eyes as I drilled Pamela with all of the strength I could possibly muster. Thrust after powerful thrust, my cock pistoned in-and-out of her silken pussy at warp-speed.

"OH YES!" Pamela continued to scream. "YES! FUCK MY PUSSY! FUCK IT HARDER! GIVE IT TO ME! GIVE IT TO MEEEEE!"

Amy moved up to her knees directly beside me, then turned my face toward hers and put her lips to mine. The insatiable tart literally jammed her tongue down my throat and kissed me with an intensity and passion which could never be put into words. All the while, I continued to pummel away at Pamela.

Sensing that a monumental orgasm was about to overcome me, I slammed my cock deep into Pamela one final time and held it there. Amy continued to kiss me as I growled, emptying my man-seed into her hungry, willing pussy. Pamela screamed out her obvious approval, her body writhing and squirming about beneath me, until my cock was completely dry.

Amy broke the kiss with me, then looked down at the quivering blonde and let out a tiny giggle. I pulled my shaft out of her, then watched as Amy's eyes shifted to Pamela's soaked pussy. She giggled once more while licking her lips - obviously knowing what her late snack would be.

"I'm gonna suck all the cum out of that pussy now," the minx proclaimed, with a nasty, erotic glint in her eyes.

I pulled myself away from the scene - at least a couple of feet - so Amy could have ample room to indulge herself. My cock was deflated once again. I wondered to myself if I could possibly get hard one more time...

Her face flushed with desire and anticipation, Pamela watched as Amy got herself into position.

Now kneeling in front of her, Amy caressed Pamela's knee and then spread her legs apart. She began to lick and kiss Pamela's calf, then worked up her leg, past her kneecap and to her inner thigh. I watched as Amy traced her tongue in slow circles across Pamela's inner thigh for several seconds, until deciding that it was time for the main course.

Slowly and deliberately, Amy buried her moist, pouty lips in Pamela's pussy. She probed the opening with her tongue, as Pamela squirmed and writhed about in total, lustful bliss. Amy used long, slow swipes with her tongue, obviously wanting to tease and excite her girlfriend beyond any and all belief.

It must have worked, because Pamela reached down and grabbed Amy's head, encouraging her to go further. Amy did so, as she started to flick her tongue across Pamela's silken opening at a rapid-fire speed. This set her off.

"That's it, honey," were her words. "Lick my pussy with your tongue. Make me cum like only you can."

After what these two women had just put me through, I was amazed when my cock started to get hard one more time. I could not believe it. I felt totally exhausted, but my shaft was springing to life once again.

I started stroking myself when Amy pulled her lips away from Pamela long enough to look at me and extend her velvety tongue outward, showing me a big glob of sperm which she had just extracted from her room-mate's pussy. Amy put her lovely tongue back in her mouth and swallowed the glob, then returned to licking and slurping away on Pamela's slit.

I got an idea as I watched the scene unfold before me. Pamela was flat on her back, her knees in the air and feet on the floor as she writhed about in pleasure, massaging her own breasts. Amy was on her elbows and knees, hovering just above Pamela's pussy. Her rounded ass, looking sweet and oh-so-scrumptious, was upturned and wiggling about.

Amy was in the perfect position for me to enter her from behind, doggie-style. I could pound away at her while she had her face stuffed full of Pamela's pussy. An excellent idea, indeed. It became even better when I decided that instead of drilling her pussy, I could plow her ass instead.

I wondered how Amy would react to something so big and pulsing in her own ass. Judging from her preference of gang-bang sex with her boyfriends back in Ohio, I figured that she would probably enjoy it very much. It certainly would not be anything Amy had not experienced in the past.

I got a tube of anal lubricant from a nearby drawer and shined my cock up with it, then got onto my knees and moved in behind Amy. My shaft was only about half-hard, but that was fine. Once its tip barely touched Amy's little, puckered anus, I knew I would have an instant, full-blown erection.

The red-head had been concentrating on Pamela, so she did not know that I planned on entering her from behind until I placed my hands on her ass. She turned around and looked at me for an instant, offering a playful giggle, before diving right back into Pamela's sweet muff.

Amy let out a very long and deep moan, however, when I pressed the head of my cock to her anus. I think it is safe to say that Amy did not expect me to penetrate her there. Judging from her reaction, though, she wanted me to continue.

I had a perfect view of Amy as she licked Pamela's pussy. She used two fingers and was thrusting them in-and-out of her girlfriend, her tongue working overtime. Meanwhile, the blonde was moaning and panting in lust as she looked up at me. A smile was on her beautiful face as she realized that I was going to perform anal sex on her lovely, wicked Amy.

I grasped the nymphomaniac's shapely ass with both hands and gave it a hard, rough squeeze. I offered her a very long and thorough massage, digging my fingertips into her wonderful flesh. Amy had a truly beautiful ass...

"I'm going to enjoy this..." were my words.

It was not too long before I fisted my cock and nudged it into Amy's small, incredibly tight anus. I grunted in response, my shaft now fully erect, as the enchantress let out a very hoarse, dry moan.

"OHHHHH YESSSSS," was her initial reaction. I watched as Pamela, her pussy still getting a tongue-bath, continued to look up at me and smile. This had turned into a three-some if there ever was one. I was a lucky man, indeed...

I continued nudging myself further and further into Amy. Soon, the entire length of my cock was embedded deep within her bowels. I cannot describe how incredibly erotic it felt to have my testicles stuffed against Amy's upturned ass.

"OH YEEEEEAH," the insatiable hellcat panted. "YEAH. THAT'S IT. FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD. YEAH! ASS. ASS. ASS. ASS FUCK! FEELS GOOD! YEEEEEAH! OH YEAH!"

Amy's sounds of passion increased once I started to thrust myself in-and-out of her tiny rosebud. I held onto her backside with both hands and steadily increased the power of my hips. Each stroke I gave her was a bit harder and faster than the prior one. I felt so incredibly excited!...

I continually increased the speed of my thrusts for the next 30 seconds - until I was pounding into Amy as hard as humanly possible. The action had hit a fever pitch.

Amy cried and screamed out in wanton lust as I hammered her from behind. At the same time, she still had her pretty face buried between Pamela's inviting thighs and was busy lapping away. She was also violating Pamela with a pair of fingers. I had a perfect view of the bi/lesbian-style action, and it did nothing but encourage me even further.

I pulled my right arm back, then offered Amy's luscious, curvy ass a hard swat with my hand. Amy jerked in response, obviously enjoying it, then I realized what I had done. I did not even think about spanking her naughty, rounded ass beforehand. It was as if my hand on acted on its own.

"SPANK ME!" Amy begged, now looking back at me with her head turned. "OH GOD YES, PLEASE SPANK ME! SPANK ME!" She buried her face in Pamela's muff one more time, but continued to voice her request. "SPANK ME, JEREMY! SPANK ME!"

I needed no further coaxing as my opposite hand joined the fun. I started to pepper her lush ass with swat after swat. I did not use excessive force on Amy with my hands - I would never do that to a woman - but my blows were strong enough to turn her ass a bright shade of red. That is, after all, what she obviously wanted - to be a spanked hard.

Pamela let out a shrieking moan before she clasped her thighs tightly around Amy's head. I watched as an expression of pure ecstasy washed over Pamela's face. When her eyes rolled into the back of her head, I realized that she was having a ferocious orgasm - mainly due to Amy's oral work.

Her body rocking and writhing about in delight, Pamela screamed and cried in satisfaction as Amy continued to lap away at her. Though I continued to spank her, while also drilling her ass, Amy did not cease her oral feast on Pamela.

In fact, she kept lapping away even after the stripper's orgasm subsided. Watching Pamela get off like that, though, had a definite effect on me. I was about ready to lose it.

I grasped Amy's hips as hard as I could and hammered away at her ass with every last ounce of strength left in my body. Seconds later I let out a wild growl, just before jamming my erection into Amy one final time before it simply exploded.

"YES!" Amy screamed in desire. "CUM! CUM IN MY ASSSSS!"

I screamed too, while pumping glob after glob of sperm into the young woman's incredibly tight anus. I had a lot to offer this time, as well. This was my biggest load thus far. Where it was coming from (considering everything that I had been through thus far), I have no idea.

As I emptied the last of my sperm into her bowels, Amy let out a wild scream and had an orgasm of her own. She then collapsed onto the floor, her face still buried between Pamela's widespread thighs. God ... what an experience!

I pulled my cock out of Amy, then settled down on top of her and massaged her shoulders in a tender fashion. Pamela, who was lying in a heap upon the floor herself, looked up at me and offered yet another grin. All three of us let out a series of moans and sighs as we tried to catch our breaths. This had been an remarkable encounter for everyone involved.

"I've never done something so wild and crazy in my life before," Pamela commented moments later, breaking a stretch of silence, as the three of us continued to cuddle together. "I ... this ... WOW. That was downright incredible!"

Amy took a deep breath and sighed, then extended that magical tongue of hers and licked away at Pamela's thigh. "It will get much better, babydoll. Trust me. I have a feeling that this will be the best summer of our lives!"

"Winter, sweetheart," I gasped in response. "Remember that it is winter-time in this part of the world."

Pamela made eye contact with me and offered the most heartfelt, sincere smile anyone had ever bestowed on me before. A wave of love seemed to wash over her pristine face all at once as she cooed, "This already is the best summer-slash-winter of my life, Amy." Her face sparkling, Pamela winked an eye and blew a kiss in my direction. "It will only get better once it ends with me emerging from of all of this craziness with a husband."

"Oooooh!" Amy squealed in response.

My world right now, to say the least, was hazy. I was floating on cloud nine in some place far, far away. Yet again, one question begged to be answered. How was I going to survive the next five weeks? I certainly had no idea. Over time, these ladies were going to become more and more ravenous, and thus, expect more out of me in return. Just a three-some today? Maybe a four-on-one tomorrow? Maybe even a seven-on-one? I had the sense that a wild, free-for-all orgy with everyone involved was going to happen here soon.

Of course, I could never forget about Kristanna. What was she up to in the voyeur room right about now? Knowing her, Kristanna was probably stripped naked, and she had been busy masturbating to the sights and sounds of Pamela and Amy having their lustful way with me on the surveillance monitor. I could envision her now with a vibrator between her thighs, having gotten off multiple times to what she had witnessed.

I also knew that Kristanna wished she could have come out and joined in on the fun. That could not happen, however, because if she did, the voyeur room would have been exposed to Pamela and Amy. We did not want the ladies to know that every single move they made was being recorded and archived with high-tech spy cameras and microphones. Not yet, anyway.

Lost in thought, I soon realized that my wish from a few days ago was going to come true when Amy suggested that I climb into bed with her and Pamela, the idea being that we would all eventually fall asleep together. It sounded like an excellent idea to me, of course.

Thankfully, there was a comfortable sofa and a stocked refrigerator in the voyeur room. Kristanna was stuck there tonight. She would have to sleep in the voyeur room, but I knew it would not be an issue for her. We had already discussed the possibility of one (or even both) of us being trapped in the voyeur room because my personal suite had company inside of it. Thus, we were prepared for it.

I got in and settled down upon the center of the mattress, then had Pamela lay her head on one shoulder, with Amy's on the other. Talk about living the high life!

As the centerpiece of a Pamela and Amy sandwich, I was surprised that I got any sleep at all. It was difficult to doze off - and when I did, stay that way and not wake up - because their beautiful, naked bodies continually squirmed and writhed against me all throughout the night. It seemed as if I had gone to bed with two world-famous centerfolds who were not only crazy about me, but each other as well...

Maybe Pamela could marry me in the future, and Amy could be our live-in girlfriend. Hey, that was my best idea yet!


Pages: Prev | 1 | 2 | 3 | Next

Feedback is vital to keeping authors motivated to write more and better content. Whether it is positive or negative, please drop me a note and let me know what you think of the story!
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Island Fever"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
To Be Continued...
Posted: 2012-05-27
Last Modified: 2012-06-08 / 09:28:11 am
Home | Top | JeremyDCP's Page |   Feedback to author
