Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 21
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Three nods greeted that, with differing degrees of nerves on each face at the thought of meeting all these A-list celebrities and business associates of Danny Tripps.

"Now, Garius will keep you right as to who you should escort to their suite and who can be taken by one of us, or Edwin. Keep your phones handy though, so we can keep letting you know where you need to be and when."

"Sounds like a lot of running around," Kara replied.

"It is," Patricia nodded. "It's going to be like that from ten right through until about three. There'll be spells where nothings happening and spells where you need to be in three places at once. We'll manage it as we go."

"Okay," Kyle said. "What's after that?"

"Back up to your suites, get changed into the outfits Margaret has tailored for you, and then downstairs for a few drinks before the ceremony. Mingle, shake hands, etc. Garius, Heidi and I will be with you to keep you right, let you know who's who, and by that time Peter and Lakshmi will be helping out too."

"Who are they?" Katie asked.

"Colleagues of ours. Mister Tripps had five assistants. Heidi, Lakshmi, Garius, Peter and myself," Patricia explained. "Peter's been running the office and Lakshmi has been dealing with the funeral which is why you haven't met them yet."

"Oh, okay."

"At four the funeral starts, should be wrapped up by five. Kyle, you'll be speaking about four thirty."

"Right."

"How's the speech?" Katie asked.

"Nearly there," Kyle nodded. "I just need some time to go over it this morning, and I'll be good."

"You can do that after breakfast," Patricia said, nodding.

"Margaret said I've to go see Shiro too, get my stubble trimmed." Kyle chuckled, and Katie laughed.

"I think it suits you as it is," Kara said, shrugging.

"Go see Shiro," Patricia suggested. "Margaret can be a pain in the ass, but she's usually right about this stuff. Plus, he can sort your hair out."

"Oh. Heidi said that Betty or Alex would be coming up to do my hair. Kara's too." Katie added.

"Yeah, I've got that," Patricia nodded. "At nine, and then a touch up before the ceremony."

"So what happens after the ceremony?" Kyle asked.

"Reception, back here. It's to be informal, relaxed. There'll probably be some music, drinks, canapes. Then dinner for anyone who wants it later."

"Sounds quite chilled," Kara said.

"That's the plan," Patricia replied. "Mister Tripps wanted something casual and informal, just friends sitting talking, telling stories, singing songs, relaxing."

"What about you guys?" Kyle asked cautiously. "Today's going to be much harder on the five of you than it is on us. You're grieving, or you should be."

"We're busy," Patricia shrugged.

"Not after the ceremony though," Katie pointed out, agreeing with Kyle.

"I'll talk to you about it later, Kyle," Patricia said quickly.

Kyle shook his head. "No, I get that you're busy up to the ceremony, but after that you're off duty, okay?"

Patricia smiled. "There's no such thing as off duty in this job, Kyle."

"There is now."

"That's a good idea, Kyle," Katie said. "I'm telling Heidi the same thing."

"Yeah, Garius too," Kara added. "He's been working really hard and could do with some time off."

"You've got a lot of guests," Patricia began, but Kyle cut her off.

"No. You need to grieve, you need to relax and if you want to get drunk you go right ahead. I'm sure that we can handle talking to a few strangers after coming out here all alone a few days ago, and if there's anything we need to ask, I'm sure we can find one of you."

Patricia didn't look happy but she was smart enough to know when to pick her fights.

"There's nothing else on the schedule for today after that," Patricia said finally. "On the media side of things, our press office is getting hammered with requests, and there's been a list of people who have come forward to be interviewed by the media."

"Anything about my past?" Kara asked cautiously.

"Not yet," Patricia replied. "It's worthwhile mentioning that Diablo Cody used to be a dancer until she wrote Juno. If it breaks that you used to be a dancer, then with the cover story of being a writer you can probably expect calls from the studios asking you to write something for them. They're always looking for the next someone or other, in this case Diably Cody.."

"That'll be no comfort when the press are painting me as a slut," Kara said flatly.

"We've already got strategies prepared if that happens," Patricia replied.

Kara didn't look relieved, so Patricia turned to Katie.

"There's a lot of focus on your photography, and they keep running the headshots you did of Missy Peregrym as examples of your work," Patricia said. "The phrase Celebrity Photographer is getting used quite a lot."

"The shots with the green wall? Window behind her?" Katie asked and Patricia nodded.

"Wait," Kyle said, frowning. "You've photographed Missy Peregrym? The chick from Rookie Blue?"

Katie nodded. "Couple of years ago."

"Wow. She's hot."

Kara chuckled, and Katie grinned.

"Now that we've established that, we should move on maybe?" Patricia said, grinning at him.

He shrugged. "Just saying."

"She's really nice," Katie added.

"I'm sure you'll meet her at some point," Patricia added. "Now then, Katie. Your friends are declining media requests but a couple of girls at college with you have said you were a bit of a party girl but couldn't produce any photos to support it, so that story is going nowhere. A couple of the models you've photographed have been asked questions and have been very positive about you, great photographer, professional, talented, that kind of thing."

"Who said I was a party girl?" Katie asked, frowning.

"I don't have the quotes to hand, but I'll get them for you this morning. Being honest, it's not worth worrying about, and in the next few months you'll get a lot of this happening. People you've never heard of will talk like they're your best friend."

"Sounds like something to look forward to," Katie murmured, looking unhappy.

"Well, the consensus so far is that you're a talented photographer who's making her own way in the world before you found out about your inheritance."

"What about my parents?"

"One of our media people is sat on their front door step, declining interview requests from anyone who asks. They're fine."

"And me?" Kyle asked.

"Well, there's a business profile which looks to have been based on your CV, so someone at the recruitment agency leaked that. One of the directors at the consultancy firm gave a strong statement about how you were a candidate for fast-track promotion and would have been in a very senior position within a few years, that sort of stuff." She paused and looked at him.

"What else?"

"There's a girl called Katrina taking offers from the press for stories about you and a threesome with her and another girl."

Kyle burst out laughing. "You're joking, right?"

"So there's no truth to it then?" Patricia asked.

"I wish," Kyle replied, chuckling. "Never had a threesome, and I've no idea who Katrina is."

"I'll get you a photo of her, see if you can identify her," Patricia added. "This does happen though, so it won't be the last time someone will try and sell a kiss-and-tell on one of you."

"Great. Should I warn my parents or anything?" Kyle asked.

"I'll take care of it," She replied. "Aside from that, there's requests for going on all the usual chat shows and newspaper interviews, stuff like that. We'll get started on that next week."

"Do we have to?" Katie asked, looking unhappy.

"We'll work that out another time. Right now we need to get a move on. Busy day," She added. "And Katie. Today might be a good day to take some candid photographs of some of our guests if they don't mind. They'd be good to release to the press in a day or two, show that you're not just a pretty face and you're passionate about your photography."

"Ooh, that would be so cool," She smiled, her eyes lighting up. "I was wondering about that, but didn't want to ask."

"Heidi will talk to you at some point about starting a photo-blog of your work from here forward."

"I'll speak to her about it," Katie nodded. "Right, I need to go check my cameras, make sure they're charged." She got up and darted out the room.

"That's cheered her right up," Kara noted. "I've got Margaret now."

"Think of it as ripping off a bandaid," Kyle suggested. "Painful but over quickly."

"Plus, whatever she's made for you is going to be gorgeous," Patricia added.

"We'll see," Kara said as she left.

"You!" Patricia said sharply, as soon as they had the room to themselves.

"What?"

"Take the day off?"

"What's wrong with that?" Kyle asked, taken aback.

"What the hell are you thinking?" She demanded, her hands on her hips as she glared at him.

"I'm thinking that todays the day you should be grieving and dealing with your loss, not running about after me."

"You're going to be under the spotlight from the second the first guest arrives here and until the last one leaves. They're going to try and get stories out of you that they can leak, pictures of you that they can take with their phones, anything exclusive they can get because everyone likes to be in the know, and everyone owes journalists favours. You need me to protect you, keep you from making mistakes."

"I'm not a kid, Patricia," Kyle said. "Jesus. Are we arguing again already?"

She narrowed her eyes, glaring at him. "I know you're no kid, Kyle. Think about Katie though. She's naive, open. Do you think she won't reciprocate if someone shares a few secrets with her? Or Kara, with her lack of trust in men and no real time to perfect her cover story? How do you think she'll react if someone asks her about some section in the seventh chapter of her third novel?"

Kyle frowned. "Take a breath, Patricia. Why didn't you say that to them?"

"Because Heidi and Garius are already taking care of them, and they're going to steer them through the conversations."

"And you're meant to be doing the same with me?"

"No, apparently I've got to get drunk," She stated, her hands on her hips. "I can see you're just trying to do good, Kyle, but you need to talk things over with me first. For now, anyway."

"This place is insane," He muttered, knowing she was right in what she was saying, but feeling frustrated all the same. "You need to have some downtime though."

"I get downtime, Kyle. Do you think I was working this morning when I was in the bath with you? Do you think that wasn't relaxing for me too?"

"Okay," He allowed, nodding. "I just worry that you work too hard, Patricia."

"I'm fine, Kyle. Honestly, I'm okay."

He grinned suddenly. "If this morning was relaxing for you, can I at least order you to give me more of them?"

"Try it and I'll kick your ass," She said, smiling. "That's a volunteer only job."

"Fair enough."

"Right, get your ass off down to see Shiro. We'll finish the speech when you get back."

He nodded and wandered out into the mayhem of the preparations.

The hours raced by, a constant hustle from job to job, place to place. Shiro was tidying his facial hair when Kyle had a 'Eureka moment' about his speech and it took him forty minutes to re-write it when he got back, then scribble the bullets onto cards.

Patricia wanted to see what he was going to say, but Kyle felt confident that he'd struck the right note with it and told her she had to trust in him to stand on his own for this one. As he'd caved on the insistence of her having the day off, he knew she had to give him that one, unhappy as she was.

Margaret appeared with a pocket watch that Kyle was to wear in his waistcoat that belonged to Danny Tripps, frowned at him and ordered him into a new shirt, so he got changed and then he was off to greet the first of their guests.

The clatter of a helicopter announced the arrival of the first of their guests, and Kyle, Kara and Katie were waiting as the twin-rotored Chinook landed on the large helipad. They shook hands with Sting, a couple of musicians he'd brought with him, and several of the CEO's. Katie walked Sting off to one of the guest apartments in the main house that overlooked the pool, and then Kara and Kyle were off down to the pier to meet the boat.

The following hours turned into a series of surreal experiences as Kyle and his sisters met people they'd only ever seen on screen or in print. They were treated courteously in some cases, like long-time friends in others. He was overawed at the presence of Charlize Theron, the natural beauty of Salma Hayek and how tiny Pink actually was, with her partner and baby in tow.

Kevin Smith sent his apologies which disappointed Kyle, but he'd apparently been spotted by a journalist at the airport earlier and there was a thing about him and planes, so he'd gone home again.

They had a few minutes to snatch something to eat at two o'clock and by that time, Kyle was famished and twitchy. Patricia put it down to the demands of the day cancelling his workout and his body was reacting to that, so when it was time to get into his suit, he did a quick set of pressups and crunches, then dived in the shower.

When Kyle had donned his suit, added the pocketwatch and emerged onto his balcony, he felt slick, smart and confident. He patted the inner pocket of his jacket to make sure his speech cards were there, and then he turned and saw Patricia.

She was wearing a black dress that came down past her knees, tapering in from her hips, with black heels on her feet. It was simple and elegant, and her blonde hair was rolled up high behind her head, reminding him of a glamorous bombshell from a black and white movie. A simple gold chain hung around her neck.

"The suit looks good," She said, spotting him. "Very nice."

"You look beautiful," He said simply and was pleased to see her blush.

Katie appeared a few moments later wearing a black dress that stopped just above her knee, and a matching short jacket, giving her a mysterious appearance. It fit the contours of her body perfectly.

Kara's outfit was black too, a skirt and top split by a wide belt, with a long jacket over it. A large pair of sunglasses covered her eyes. She looked elegant and had a presence about her.

Kyle lit a cigarette up, and a few minutes later they were downstairs, mingling and making small talk with their guests. Kyle was steered around most of the CEO's, having brief conversations about their plans and what was happening in the future while dodging questions about his own feelings about Danny Tripps and his own plans for the future.

Patricia seemed to be keeping him away from the celebrities in the room, focussing him more on the business guests, perhaps because he was better able to hold those particular conversations, while Heidi and Garius steered Katie and Kara from actor to musician to model.

Kyle finally got to meet Peter and Lakshmi, only for a moment, and he promised to catch up with them later.

All too soon though, Edwin appeared and got everyone's attention, asking them to join him for the ceremony. They all walked slowly along the path to the spot that Danny Tripps had selected for his resting place, and as they emerged into the clearing, Kyle felt Patricia slip her hand into his and squeeze it.

"You okay?" He asked quietly.

"No, but I'll be fine," She replied, giving him a sad little smile.

There was no assigned seating, the chairs set in a half circle around the body of Danny Tripps. It was encased in a cocoon of palm fronds and flowers on a wooden stand before them. A small platform sat to either side, both with musical instruments on them. Patricia left his side and slipped into the second row of chairs with her colleagues and Kyle sat between his sisters in the front row.

He felt a little awkward that he was in the front row at a funeral for someone he didn't know, but he knew it was expected of him, of the three of them, and while they waited for everyone to settle in their seats, dozens of staff filed in behind them all.

Edwin was the first to speak, talking to them about Danny Tripps wishes to be buried here, surrounded by friends and those he loved the most, and thanking them for coming to honour him. Sting then got up and talked about the first time he met Danny Tripps, then he and two musicians did an acoustic version of Danny's favourite song, An Englishman in New York.

Mister Crowler then stood and described his friendship, read a letter that Danny Tripps had written for the occasion that proved to be both witty and emotional and then Neil Finn spoke of a conversation he'd had with Danny Tripps one night about the song Don't Dream It's Over, and how subsequently Crowded House had covered it to great success. He followed that up by playing it, a slow, haunting rendition that seemed to hang in the air.

Kyle felt Patricia touch his shoulder and she whispered in his ear, "You're up. Take your time."

He stood, aware that everyone was watching him, this first real test of any of Danny Tripps triplets that had appeared out of nowhere to inherit the empire, and he walked up to the small podium.

Kyle inhaled deeply, feeling that now-familiar churning feeling in his stomach of nerves, stress, anxiety and he breathed out slowly, removed his cards and began to speak.

He'd re-written the speech in the form of a letter to Danny Tripps, giving it a much more personal feel, and he'd worded it so that what he would say sounded as if it came from the heart.

He spoke of how he and his sisters never got the chance to know the man, but how they were learning who he was from the people he'd surrounded himself with, in their attitiudes and the influence he'd had on them, and their memories of him they'd shared.

He spoke of the regret he had started to feel for never having met the man in person, and how he was only just beginning to understand how hard his decision must have been to give them up.

He went on to talk of the staggering achievements he had made in his life and then explained that the mans achievements weren't what he felt he should be remembered for, but who he was, the memories he left in the minds of the living of the things he'd done, and how it was important he was spoken of in honesty, the good and the bad, and that way he wouldn't be remembered as a list of businesses, but as a person.

Kyle finished off with a promise to continue to get to know who the man was, not just what he left behind, and reminded those present of their duty, as friends and family of Danny Tripps, to keep him alive in the tales they told, the memories they shared. That those memories should be his true legacy.

Kyle turned back to his chair and was surprised to see Katie with tears running down her face, Patricia and Heidi the same seated behind him. Even Kara looked a little pale, and as he scanned around, he could see several of the guests were the same.

"Did I do that?" He wondered as he sat back down. He knew that what he said wasn't how he felt, because he was honestly confused about he felt about Danny Tripps. In some ways he wanted to know who he was, but in others he was angry at the man who had abandoned him, and denied him the opportunity of growing up with his sisters.

Katie immediately took his hand, squeezed it and let it go again, while behind him, Patricia leaned forward over his shoulder and gave him a soft kiss on the cheek.

"You did good, Kyle," She whispered, and kissed him softly once more.

Kyle just nodded stiffly, not sure what to say and genuinely surprised at the reaction he'd caused. That was soon forgotten about as Pink then got up to the stage with one of her band and sung a beautiful rendition of Glitter In The Air, accompanied on the piano. Once she'd sung the song, she told them a story about how she'd visited the island once and sung the song with Danny Tripps, sitting with their feet in the pool as the sun set, and it was how she'd always remember him.


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 22
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Edwin then got up to close the ceremony. Several members of staff moved forward and lifted the covered table that Danny Tripps body lay on, revealing a grave, wide and deep and lined with stones and flowers behind it. A ramp had been dug out leading down to it from the north side.

Moving carefully, they wrapped his body in the white cloth that draped the table, and then lifted his body on their shoulders to the head of the ramp, and as everyone gathered around, they laid him to rest on the flowers, then began to gently place stones and more flowers over the corpse until he was completely covered.

Edwin thanked them for coming and bade them return to the main house for refreshments, then added that he would invite them to do as Kyle suggested and share their memories, good and bad, of the man Danny Tripps had been.

The staff were the first to drift away, with nearly all of them working, and many of the guests followed. Katie and Kara got up, but Kyle remained in his seat, wanting to stay and witness the burial, but his sisters reminded him they had lots of guests and that he couldn't stay there all day.

On the walk back up to the house Kyle got many compliments on his speech, of the courage it took to get up there, and of how it reminded them of Danny Tripps himself in the way it was delivered. The last part came as a surprise to Kyle.

The next half hour of mingling back at the house was a repeat of the same conversation. Really great speech, emotional, reminded me of him, but it passed quickly and it was time to walk many of the guests back to the boat or the helicopters that were waiting to take them back to the world.

By the time they bade them farewell and got back to the house, Kyle was feeling pretty drained and excused himself for a few minutes. He got into his suite, hung up his jacket and sat quietly on the balcony for a minute having a cigarette.

Patricia appeared a few minutes later, looking for him.

"You okay?" He asked. He hadn't had a chance to talk to her since before the ceremony as they'd been moving from guest to guest, shaking hands, making small talk and then dealing with those who were leaving.

"You did good, Kyle," She said, leaning over the chair from behind him and giving him a hug and another peck on the cheek.

"Just clicked what I wanted to say this morning. The core of it's what you wrote though."

She swatted his head. "You changed everything, so don't go trying to credit me for your own work."

Kyle chuckled. "So who's still here?"

"Not many people actually," She said, frowning. "Sting and Neil Finn are still here. They're already talking about doing a few tunes later. Johnny Depp is staying overnight, as are Charlize Theron and Christy Turlington, but everyone else has left or will be in the next couple of hours. There's a ton of phone calls to return too."

"I never got the chance to talk to Mike Myers. I was going to ask him for tips on being cool too," He said, getting a laugh from Patricia.

"You're doing fine, Kyle."

"Who's the phone calls from?"

"Oh, there's a list. Lots of friends and acquaintances of Mister Tripps, the usual politicians taking the opportunity to secure campaign donations, media fishing for interviews, stuff like that. Lakshmi's culling the list of calls you can return in the next couple of days."

"Do you guys ever stop working?" Kyle asked.

Patricia rolled her eyes. "Are we going to have that conversation again already?"

"No, I guess not," He replied, stubbing out his cigarette. He stood up and turned to face her. "How do I look then?"

"Tall, dark, handsome." She smirked a little and tilted her head. "You should get Katie to photograph you today. You look good."

He frowned. "Don't know if I like the idea of being photographed. Even if it's Katie doing it."

"Get a few drinks in you. You'll be fine."

"I thought I wasn't supposed to be drinking, what with all the training."

Patricia shrugged. "It's a special occasion."

Kyle nodded towards the stairs, indicating that they should return to the party but she stopped him and wiped at the lipstick on his cheek. The close proximity of her as she stood before him, her head tilted up and her lips parted, her hand on his face. It was one of those moments where things happen or they don't, but before Kyle could kiss her she stepped back.

"Yeah, that was a moment," Kyle muttered, getting a grin from Patricia as she led him back down to the party.

By midnight, Kyle was yawning and apologising for it. It had been a fantastic evening.

Neil Finn and Sting played together with their musicians for nearly two hours, putting on an impromptu concert that Kyle felt priviliged to hear. Katie had pressed Johnny Depp to teach her the Captain Jack swagger, and had fallen over twice attempting it, but Kara nailed it first time. Connor Grant had drunk Mister Crowler under the table, then disappeared with Christy Turlington a couple of hours ago and hadn't come back. Katie had been bobbing around with her camera for hours, and was desperate to leave to get the shots on the computer and edit them, but there was always something else to photograph.

Kyle had enjoyed long conversations with everyone, not just stories of Danny Tripps, but lots of general conversation too. He'd had a long chat with Lakshmi and Peter, getting to know them a little. Lakshmi was slow in opening up, but had a very sharp sense of humour, and Peter was the typical geek, right down to the glasses, with the exception that he looked like a male model, something which he seemed blissfully unaware of. He also told Kyle about the gaming network they had on the Island and challenged him to a game of Call of Duty tomorrow night. Lakshmi assured Kyle, who considered himself to be pretty good that he'd get thrashed and that Peter was a freak when it came to gaming.

In a conversation with Charlize Theron about LA, she'd put her hand on Kyle's leg and told him she'd be happy to show him the sights when he came to town. He didn't know if she was just being friendly or if he was being propositioned, but when Patricia nearly choked on her drink he figured it out.

Kara was a concern though. She'd remained a little withdrawn throughout the whole evening. Kyle and Katie had both tried to draw her into engaging a little more with people, but failed, until Johnny Depp slumped down on a seat next to her and talked to her for three hours straight about anything and everything.

Seeing everyone had relaxed, Kyle had ordered up a round of cocktails for Patricia, Heidi, Garius, Peter and Lakshmi, and they'd all sat themself down at a table. He'd kept an eye on them as the evening had gone on and kept sending drinks over for them, making sure they had a good time as they deserved a night off.

However, as midnight came and went, the guests started to drift off to bed. Eventually Kyle saw his opportunity and bid them all a goodnight too and headed upstairs, dropping into his seat on the balcony for a smoke.

He smiled as Kara appeared.

"I thought I was never gonna get rid of him," She said wearily as she sat down and reached for his cigarettes.

"Captain Jack?" Kyle asked, surprised.

"Yeah." She lit up.

"You mean to say you were trying to escape from the guy who's a figure of fantasy to millions of women around the world?" He grinned. "How fucking mad is this?"

Kara smiled. "I know. Who knew sexy actors could be boring? How awesome was the music tonight?"

"I wish I'd recorded it," Kyle said immediately. Between Sting, Neil Finn and their musicians, they had done impromptu covers of everything from Frank Sinatra to Nirvana, their own music, and Sting's version of Rihanna's S&M blended seamlessly into Roxanne was something he would never forget, mostly because the singer could barely stop laughing while he sung it.

"Hey, have you see Katie's pictures?" Kara asked quickly, kicking her black heels off and putting her feet up on the table.

Kyle shook his head. "I haven't, but she's barely had that camera out of her hands for six hours now. Any good?"

"She showed me a few on the back of her camera. That girls talented. I bet she's up all night editing them."

Kyle smiled. "Good to see someone with passion for what they do, isn't it?"

Kara nodded. "Definitely. She even took a picture of me that I liked. The ones of you are superb. So, what's the story with you and Patricia then?"

"What story?"

"This morning you were all angst and angry. Today she's hanging all over you again."

"We're just.... close." He shrugged. "I don't know."

"Have you two...." She winked with the subtlety of a sledgehammer, drawing a laugh from Kyle.

"No, haven't even kissed," He admitted.

"You bicker like an old married couple," She said a moment later. "It's kind of freaky to watch, considering you've only known her what? Three or four days?"

"Yeah, something like that. How are you getting along with Garius?"

"Well, he's a lot of fun, lots of sharp one-liners and he's helping me with the briefings, translating what it all means into words I can understand. He really does think he's Gods gift to men though." She smiled. "I still don't know if I can trust him, but I like him as a person."

"He seems like a nice guy," Kyle agreed.

He paused as he heard a whistle and Kara frowned, looking over the balcony. "I think someone's trying to get your attention, Kyle."

He stood up and looked down at the pool area, where Heidi was trying to stop a drunken Patricia from going for a swim.

"She's totally wasted," Kara muttered, shaking her head.

"Fucking hell," Kyle said, laughing as his assistant nearly fell over.

Heidi waved again for Kyle to come and give her a hand, and he nodded.

"Better go help her," He said, stubbing out his cigarette.

"Have fun."

Kyle nipped down the stairs then out to the pool where Heidi now had a hold of one of Patricia's arms and was trying to hold her back, telling her, "It's not a good idea to go swimming when you're drunk, and never when you're wearing Prada, Patricia."

"Hey, Patricia," Kyle said, stepping in front of her to divert her attention.

"Wooo!" She said, rolling her head as she tried to stand up straight. "There he is."

"You're hammered," He said, grinning.

She lifted one arm as if to salute him, but smacked herself in the head and staggered to the side. "Bosseses orders."

Her voice was slurred and Kyle looked at Heidi, trying not to laugh as she rolled her eyes at him.

"She needs to go to bed," Heidi said. "Can you help me take her upstairs?"

"Sure," Kyle nodded. He looked at Patricia wobbling on her feet and opted for the simple expedient of just scooping her up in his arms and carrying her.

She let loose a 'Wooo' when he scooped her up, but then leaned her head on his shoulder as he carried her over to the stairs.

"You okay carrying her like that?" Heidi asked, seeming no worse for wear after an evenings drinking.

"I'm fine," Kyle nodded. "Go on."

He followed her up the wide wooden staircase, past a grinning Kara and then into his suite, where he took her straight into her room and sat her on her bed.

Heidi bent down to take her shoes off, and Kyle stood back, laughing as Patricia kept moving her legs out of Heidi's reach.

"Maybe I should stay in here tonight, keep an eye on her," The redhead suggested.

"It's fine," Kyle said. "I'll keep an eye on her. Be nice to look after her for a change."

"I'm gonna put her to bed then," Heidi said.

"I assume you don't want a hand getting her out her dress," Kyle said, moving to the door.

"No, probably not, no," Heidi grinned. "But thanks anyway."

"I'll be out on the balcony," Kyle told her.

"Kyle!" Patricia blurted, her eyes struggling to focus on him. Her hand patted the bed beside her. "You shleep here, right." Her words were all slurred but Heidi began to laugh quietly.

"Patricia," Kyle said, stepping forward and peering at her. "You go to sleep."

She thumped the bed again. "Here."

Kyle looked at Heidi, who was trying not to laugh and he winked at her. "Patricia. You go to sleep and I'll sneak in and wake you up, okay? It'll be our little secret. How's that sound?"

She grinned and gave him a thumbs up. "Shecret."

"Yeah."

"Coool," She said, then rolled onto her side as if to go straight to sleep.

"Fucking hell," Kyle muttered, looking at Heidi. "She's totally hammered."

"Yes, she certainly is," Heidi grinned. "And what was that about?"

Kyle shrugged. "Maybe she just wants someone to cuddle into."

Heidi chuckled. "And if you really thought that you'd be a lot dumber than I think you are."

"Much as the idea of Patricia and me hooking up is appealing, it'll never happen like this," He told her. "I'm not that guy. Never have been."

Heidi looked at him. "I know. If I had any doubts I'd be sleeping in here with her. Besides, I don't think it's you we'll have the trouble with tonight, is it?"

Kyle smiled. "Good point. Right, can I leave you to it? You'll get her into bed?"

Heidi nodded. "I'll be out in a few minutes."

Kara had gone by the time he went back outside, so he nipped back in and got his phone then sat back on the balcony and checked his emails.

"Holy fuck." He whispered, seeing he had three hundred and ninety one new emails in his personal account. People he hadn't heard from in years, guys and girls he went to school or college with and lots of people he didn't know at all had emailed his personal account. He scanned down, seeking emails from his folks, Casey or Ed, and discovered one from Ed.

Richie McRichfuck!

That Caroline chick keeps sexting me and sending hot fucking pics, but no face shots. If she's a fucking butterface I'll tell the press you're a scat-loving him-she hermaphrodite bitch and you fist yourself every morning at work.

Ed, clunge-magnet extraordinaire!

Kyle chuckled and closed the message, glad to see that Ed was still a dick, but the same dick he was before.

The rest of the emails were from more people he knew but didn't want to talk to, or people he didn't know at all, and Kyle couldn't be bothered wading through them all, so shut it down and folded the screen back.

"Hey, that's her in bed," Heidi said as he got up. "She's out for the count."

"Thanks for that," Kyle said, nodding. "I'm going for a shower and I'll check on her after that."

"She's gonna have a monster hangover in the morning," Heidi warned, unable to hide the slight grin on her face.

"I bet she will, but I'll go easy on her," Kyle promised.

"Anything you need, just let me know, okay?" She said and Kyle nodded, then headed inside and shut the doors.

He hung his trousers and waistcoat up, had a quick shower and when he got back in the bedroom, Patricia was curled up under his sheets. There was no sign of the black Football top she usually appeared in, and he wondered if she was naked under there.

"That's all I need. Me trying to get Patricia back into her own bed while she's butt naked and you can bet that's the point someone will walk in here," He muttered to no-one in particular.

"Patricia, wake up." He rubbed at her shoulder, shaking her until her eyes opened and she smiled at him. "You need to go back to bed."

She shook her head slowly, as if the alcohol had made it too heavy for her neck to support. "Nope. Protectorin' you." Then she stuck her tongue out.

Kyle chuckled, seeing how drunk she was. At least she was a fun drunk though, which was a serious bonus.

"What you protecting me from, Patricia? The boogeyman?" Kyle asked, trying hard not to laugh at her, but finding the way she eyed him pretty funny.

"No, shilly." She paused for a second and swallowed, then frowned. "Boogeygirl!"

"Boogeygirl?" Kyle chuckled, then stopped, realising what she meant. Even though she was hammered she had come through to make sure no-one slipped into his room in the middle of the night again.

"Patricia. Was that you in my room last night?" Kyle asked, figuring if she was drunk he might as well ask her.

"Nope." She frowned. "Told you ear-earlier, Kyle."

Kyle nodded and then Patricia grinned at him, and held her arms out to be hugged.

"Hug."

"Sleep," He said firmly.

She pouted and Kyle burst out laughing. It had been a while since he'd put a drunk person to bed and he'd almost forgotten how many of them behaved like a tired five year old who didn't want to go to bed.

"S'not funny. Kiss me," She ordered, lifting her arms up again. The sheet slipped down exposing one of her breasts and Kyle's eyes were drawn to it, seeing the tight pink nub atop the soft, inviting flesh.

He silently reminded himself that he was sober and she wasn't, and taking advantage of a drunk chick wasn't cool, particularly if you were friends, colleagues or whatever. He walked round the bed and sat down beside her, casually pulling the sheet up to cover her.

"You know you're drunk, right?"

She grinned at him and winked. "Lil bit."

"And only douchebags and criminals take advantage of drunk girls, right?"

She snorted and giggled. "Lotsa people."

"Not me though," Kyle said gently. "Not tonight, Patricia. Not while you're drunk. If you still want to get together tomorrow, then that's fine. But not tonight, okay?"

"Huh?" She gave him a confused look, which came out halfway between a sneer and a pout.

Kyle shook his head, trying to remain serious. "Me and you. You're drunk, so we're not going to do anything while you're drunk. If you still want to tomorrow, then we'll talk about it then, but right now we both need to sleep, okay?"

Kyle smiled as Patricia looked disappointed. He found it really cute.

"Sleep?"

"Yeah. Sleep," He nodded.

Patricia squinted at him. "No... coitus?"

Kyle burst out laughing. He was a big fan of the Big Bang Theory, but he really didn't expect Patricia to spring the word 'coitus' into the conversation, let alone actually say it when she was hammered.

"S'not funny."

"You can sleep here if you want, but no funny business, okay?" Kyle figured if she was as wasted as she was it might be just as easy to let her sleep in his bed, so if she started vomiting he'd be able to get her into the bathroom. He was also pretty convinced that if he put her in her own bed, she'd just come back through again.

She blew a raspberry at him.

"Okay then." Kyle said, smiling as he got to his feet. Figuring he better not sleep naked too, he went into the dressing room, pulled out a pair of track pants and a vest top and put them on, then returned to the bedroom.

Patricia scrunched her face up into something approximating a frown seeing him wearing clothes, but didn't say anything.

He walked round the bed, set an alarm on his phone and slipped under the sheet, smiling as Patricia rolled over and nudged at him until he put his arm around her. She snuggled into him, her head resting on his chest and Kyle pulled the sheet up to cover them both.

"Shex?" Patricia murmured.

"Go to sleep, Patricia."

Her hand slid down towards his waistband and he rolled his eyes as he pulled it back up and held it against his chest.

"You're no fun," She muttered.

"Goodnight, Patricia."

He turned his alarm off quickly and flicked on the bedside light. Patricia had rolled over at some point in the night and was sprawled across the bed, the sheet twisted down around her hips.

He looked at her lying there for a second, then reminded himself he wasn't a fucking creep and got out of bed. A quick wash in the bathroom woke him up and he entered the dressing room quietly, removing his top, stained with saliva where Patricia had drooled on it as she slept. He slipped another one on, then gathered up his phone, pulled the sheet up over her and headed for the gym.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 23
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Kyle was feeling pretty pleased with himself for not giving in to temptation last night. At one point he'd woken up, spooned in behind her and as he moved he felt her pushing her ass back into him. It would have been all too easy for instinct to take over, and it had tempted him at the time, but he'd remembered the state she was in, and he didn't want that. If he was going to fuck Patricia, and he really wanted to, he wanted her awake and alert, not drunk and half unconscious.

He frowned and shifted his mind to his coming workout. Kyle was surprised to discover he was really looking forward to it, and had actually missed it last night. He broke into a gentle jog on his way down the path, chuckling as he realised what he was doing.

"You're turning yourself into a gym-junkie, Kyle? Really?"

Julian was waitng, as always, and Kyle threw himself into the mornings programme, working with an intensity he welcomed and Julian encouraged. His arms, shoulders, pecs and stomach all got blasted hard, and he was pleased to note the weights he had been lifting for the last couple of days had increased.

The burning pain in his muscles was actually pleasing him, and Julian nodded approvingly as Kyle completed his warm down.

When he arrived back at the house, Lakshmi was sitting downstairs with a laptop, working away and Kyle slowed to talk to her.

"Morning, Lakshmi. Sleep well?"

"Hi, Kyle. Very good, thank you. You?"

"Yeah, not bad," He nodded.

"How's Patricia?" Lakshmi asked. "I haven't seen her that drunk in a while."

"She's still asleep, although I can see her having the mother of all hangovers."

"I can cover her duties this morning, if you need some help?" She offered, smiling. "Probably best you don't expect too much from her straight away."

"That'll be cool, thanks," Kyle nodded. "I figured she'd need the morning off anyway. Do you happen to know what's in my schedule for today? It's not in my phone yet."

The indian girl looked down at her laptop, her fingers flickering across the keyboard. "Here we are. Breakfast at eight with guests, until around half nine and then you need to be available to escort them to either the helipad or the pier."

"Okay," Kyle nodded, thinking that sounded easy enough.

"Mister Crowler has a ten minute slot with you around ten o'clock, just whenever you can fit him in, and you've got an appointment with Connor Grant at twelve."

"What's that about?"

She tapped at the keyboard again, then looked up, smiling. "Introduction to firearms."

Kyle's eyes widened. "Really?"

"Yes, sir."

"It's Kyle," He said quickly, then grinned. "Do you think Connor will be sober by then?"

"Despite all appearances to the contrary, he takes his work very seriously," Lakshmi explained. "He's got quite a reputation."

"I think he scored with Christy Turlington last night," Kyle grinned.

"She was stunning yesterday. You know she was one of the supermodels? Late eighties, early nineties, along with Cindy Crawford, Elle McPherson, Claudia Schiffer."

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "She's still got the looks."

"Mister Tripps dated her for a few weeks, years ago," Lakshmi told him. "Since then he'd speak with her on the phone at least once a month, and if they were ever in the same area at the same time they'd meet up for lunch. She was a good friend to him."

"I'll make sure I speak to her before she goes."

Lakshmi nodded. "Anything else I can help you with just now, Kyle?"

"No, I'm good. I better get myself cleaned up and wake up Patricia. Good morning, hangover," He said, grinning.

"Good luck."

Kyle headed upstairs and into his suite, finding Patricia exactly as she was when he left, so he went into the lounge, grabbed a couple of bottles of cold water and returned to the bedroom.

As he looked down at her Kyle had another moment of temptation, a sudden desire to slide the sheet back and admire her naked form, then slide in behind her, but he took a deep breath and shook his head.

"Patricia." He shook her shoulder gently. "Patricia, time to get up."

Her eyes opened and she blinked a few times, then shot bolt upright, looking around.

Kyle chuckled as she figured out where she was.

She thumped back down on the bed and pulled the sheet up over her head. Kyle heard a groan, and then the sheet slowly slid down, revealing her face. She had one eye open a little, the other closed against the light, and she was licking her lips at the dryness in her mouth.

"What time is it?"

"Nearly seven."

"You're late for your workout," She replied immediately, closing her eyes as the enormity of her hangover struck. "Oh dear God."

Kyle chuckled. "I've already been for my workout, sorted out my schedule, and you've got an hour until breakfast, so take it easy. How you feeling?"

"Dire."

"Want some water?" Kyle asked, pressing the bottle into her hand.

Patricia sighed and pulled the nozzle to her lips, squeezing and swallowing half the contents in one go. She lowered the bottle and smiled weakly. "Thank you."

"No problem," Kyle replied. "Do you remember much?"

Patricia frowned as she thought, then grimaced and then flushed a little with embarassment. "Well, I made an ass of myself. Did we....?"

"No," Kyle assured her quickly. "Absolutely no, okay?"

She seemed a little relieved. "Thanks for not... doing anything," She murmured, looking at him through one eye. "I get the feeling I wouldn't have said no."

"No, you wouldn't have said no," Kyle said, then smiled. "In fact at one point you even suggested we have... coitus," He explained, breaking into a broad grin.

"I didn't," She said quickly, then slumped back. "I did. What a tool."

"I thought it was kinda cute. Now, you want me to run you a bath or put the shower on or something?"

"Bath. Please," She muttered, closing her eyes. "Really hot."

"No problem. Just drink the rest of that water, okay. You need to rehydrate."

Kyle put the bath on, surprised at how fast the water level rose, and he opened the cabinet that had jars after jar of different salts, powders and other things that he wasn't sure of. Rather than put in something that might make her feel sick, he just checked the water level and when it was deep enough, he shut off the tap and walked back into the bedroom.

Patricia was sitting up in bed now, her knees drawn up and the sheet tucked under her arms as she drunk from the second water bottle.

"Bath's ready."

"Oh good," She muttered.

Kyle's eyes widened as she threw the sheet to one side and slid naked across the bed, then walked past him and got slowly into the bath.

"Bit casual with the nudity this morning, are we?" He joked.

"I don't care," She stated. "I'm sure you saw me naked last night, and I'm too rough to give a shit today."

She dunked her head under the water, then swept her hair clear of her face as she leaned back against the head of the bath. "Unless it bothers you?"

"I have absolutely no problem seeing you naked when you're sober enough to know what you're doing," Kyle said, smiling. "In fact, you can walk around like that all the time, if you want."

"Only in here," She replied, closing her eyes. "Kyle?"

"Yeah."

"Any chance of some more water? Or a can of Pepsi or something?"

"Sure," He nodded, and fetched one from the small refrigerator in the lounge. He handed the cold can to her.

"Thanks. You'll make someone a wonderful assistant one day."

"Funny."

"I try," She muttered, holding the cold can against her forehead, her eyes closed. "Don't let me drink again please."

"You'll get over it," He replied, grinning at turning one of her phrases back on her.

Her middle finger emerged from the water for a moment, then disappeared again. Kyle looked at her, mostly submerged in the hot, clear water. He could see the smooth skin of her legs, and for the firs time he could see in detail what lay between them. Her pussy was completely shaved, not a hair to be seen, and he could make out her clit protruding just a fraction. Her lips looked firm and tight, no flappy labia hanging out to destroy the symmetry of her groin.

His gaze travelled up, seeing how the water slid back and forth between her breasts like waves on a beach, and he licked his lips, glad her eyes were closed.

"You sure you don't want some bath salts or anything in there?"

"Nope. I need the heat to sweat out the alcohol."

"And you don't care that the water's transparent?"

She shrugged. "Too rough to care, and it's not like you haven't seen me naked, is it?"

"Hey, I'm not complaining."

"Isn't it time you had your shower?" She muttered.

"Yeah, although right now I'm giving serious consideration to joining you in the bath," He admitted.

"Shower. Go."

"Ah, but..."

"Shower."

Kyle chuckled, seeing how she was back to her forceful self despite the chronic hangover. He opened the cubicle, turned the shower on and then stripped off his clothes and stepped inside.

"You're starting to tone up, Kyle," Patricia told him a moment later.

"Yeah?" Cool." He opened the door a fraction, turning the opaque glass transparent again, so he could see her while they chatted.

"Changing, and not just physically," She added, the Pepsi can still held to her forehead.

"How do you mean?"

"You're becoming a lot more confident, more take charge, know what I mean?"

Kyle shrugged. "Not really."

"A few days ago you weren't confident talking to women, you were shit-scared about meeting your sisters and you were reluctant to accept what was happening. Now you're the guy who stood up in front of a load of strangers and nailed his own speech, mingled with A-listers without exhibiting any nerves and you're a lot more confident."

Kyle frowned. "Just getting used to things, I guess. I'm still the same guy though."

"Just don't turn into an asshole, okay? No monster-ego or anything," She said, finally opening the can.

Kyle chuckled. "Yeah, that's not likely."

"Hello? Are you guys back there?"

Kyle recognised Lakshmi's voice and quickly shut the cubicle door, turning the shower opaque again.

"I'm in the shower," Kyle called back.

"Just come in, Shmi," Patricia told her. A moment later he heard the Indian girl start to laugh.

"Some things never change, Trish," She said a moment later. "So how bad?"

"Remember the last time we were at Aspen?" Patricia said quietly.

"Really? That bad? You were pretty hammered last night."

"Oh, don't I know it. What's up?"

"Kyle's being asked for downstairs. Charlize." Lakshmi explained.

"Really?" Kyle called from the shower.

"Probably wants to hit on you again," Patricia added.

"Jealous much?" Lakshmi said, laughing.

"Not at all," Patricia replied, getting another laugh from Lakshmi. "Okay, maybe a little. I like to think of it as overly protective."

Kyle was a little startled at how open the conversation was between the two of them, until he remembered that they usually shared one of the houses on the Island. They obviously knew each other really well and were good friends.

"Any idea what she actually wants?" Kyle asked.

"I'm guessing she wants to set up a booty call for when you're in LA," Patricia suggested.

"Maybe," Lakshmi said tentatively. "More likely it's to do some groundwork for getting you to invest in a movie she's producing and acting in at some point later this year."

"Could be," Patricia allowed.

"Is it a good investment?" Kyle asked, wondering what he should do or say.

"Who knows," Patricia replied. "If it's anything to do with that, she'll just be wanting to set up a meeting, probably invite you to visit her when she's working or something."

"Ah, the attraction of a behind-the-scenes private tour," Lakshmi said. "That sounds likely."

"Then again, she might just want your cock before breakfast," Patricia added.

"Trish!" Lakshmi said sharply.

"What? Kyle's a grown-up. Besides, we chat about this stuff," Patricia replied, then Kyle heard her sigh. "I feel like shit."

"You should get up, have some fruit and get down to the gym," Her friend told her. "Kyle, you should get out the shower and get dressed. She's sitting downstairs at the pool."

"Okay," Kyle said. He reached for the door and paused. "Lakshmi?"

"She's gone," Patricia replied. "You can come out now."

Kyle opened the door, grabbed a towel and sat on the edge of the bath. "You okay?"

"I'll get over it."

"Any suggestions on what I should do downstairs?"

"Take a meeting, take her number, tell her you're a fan, and compliment her. Tell her you'd be delighted to meet with her when you're in town but you don't know when that'll be." Patricia took a deep breath. "And don't fuck her please."

Kyle cocked an eyebrow. "I wasn't planning on it, but okay."

"I've no right to even say that," She said, looking at him. "I don't know what this is, what's going on between us, if anything, but I feel shit enough today without getting uber jealous too."

"You'd get all jealous?" Kyle asked, a smile twitching at his lips. "That's so cute."

"Shut up," She muttered, blushing a little. "And go get dressed."

Kyle got up to leave, but her hand grabbed his, stopping him.

"Kyle, just wanted to say thanks again for... not doing anything last night."

He looked down at her, this incredible, gorgeous woman lying in the bath and he smiled. "Patricia, if we're going to hook up, me and you, I want you sober, I want you conscious and I want you being you. Not drunk and half asleep."

"I'm not promising anything," She said a moment later.

"I know," He nodded. "But I know you're into me, and you know I'm into you. We'll get it together or we won't. I just hope we do."

She nodded and let his hand go.

Kyle left and got dressed, opting for light blue jeans, an old faded t-shirt and timberland boots, Margaret be damned. He roughly towel-dried his hair and swept into place with his fingers, grabbed a pair of shades, his phone and cigarettes and headed outside.

He found the actress sitting at a table overlooking the pool, looking elegant as she sipped at a coffee. Kyle said hello and took a seat.

"Sleep well?"

"Yes," She smiled. "It's so peaceful here."

"Feel free to visit any time you like," Kyle told her. "I've no idea if my sisters or I will be here, but there's plenty room if you need to get away for a few days."

"I might take you up on that," She replied. Her eyes flicked down to the phone and cigarettes on the table. "Smoke if you want to, I don't mind."

Kyle lit up. "So you wanted to see me?"

"Yeah. When you coming to LA?"

He laughed, reminded of the conversation upstairs. "Honestly, no idea. I get the feeling they're going to keep me travelling for the next few months, but I haven't seen the itinery yet."

"Well, I know you've got a lot of business in town, so give me a call when you do," She said. "And my friends call me Charlie, not Charlize."

"Okay," He nodded, picking up his phone. He opened the address book, typed in a new contact called 'Charlie T' and then handed her the handset. "Punch your number in."

She handed it back a few moments later, her number entered. "That's my personal phone, okay?"

Kyle nodded, then smiled. "So is this 'give me a call' thing... is it personal or business?"

The actress laughed. "That's direct. Let's just say it's a bit of both. I assume you're okay with that?"

"I think so," Kyle said, smiling.

"You should take a picture to go with that number on your cell, just so you don't forget who I am," She told him, a smile twitching at her lips.

"Yeah, because my phone's full of Oscar-winning hotties," Kyle joked. He picked up his phone and it took a couple of minutes fiddling before he had the camera working. Eventually though, he had a shot of her smiling at him added to the contact.

"Ring me," She said a moment later.

"Now?"

"Well, I don't have your number, do I?" She pointed out.

"Good point." He gave her a quick call, and then she insisted on taking his picture too.

"So no idea when you're coming into town?"

"Honestly, not a clue," He admitted. "I don't think they've figured that part of it out yet."

"Well, feel free to message me in the meantime."

"Sorry to interrupt," Lakshmi said, appearing at the table. "There's a call for you, Kyle."

"Okay," He nodded, wondering who it was. "Got to go for now. See you at breakfast?"

"Sure," Charlie replied, giving his hand a squeeze as he grabbed his phone.

Kyle nodded and followed Lakshmi back to the stairs and up to his suite. "Who's the call from?"

"No-one," Lakshmi admitted. "I was just talking to Heidi and..."

"There's no call?" Kyle said. He'd been enjoying the conversation with Charlie, and it had been innocent enough, but he was a little pissed that it had been interrupted.

"Kyle," Lakshmi said sharply, her voice low. "Listen to me. I've just been talking to Heidi. She just let me know that Katie's having a few problems."

"What kind of problems?"

"I'm not sure. Heidi's a bit of a cold fish sometimes, and she's not great with the emotional stuff, but she let slip that Katie's been crying in her bed for the last couple of nights. I think she's lonely."

Kyle frowned. "You think she's lonely?"

Lakshmi nodded. "I was watching her yesterday and she's quite withdrawn. She would chat with people for a while, but then she'd make some excuse and slip away. Has she mentioned anything to you?"

Kyle straightened up as he realised he hadn't really had much of a chance to talk with her over the last couple of days. He'd had his late night chats with Kara, but the only time he'd spent around Katie had been meals and meetings.

"I haven't really had much of a chance to talk with her," He admitted. Now that she'd brought the subject up, Kyle realised he hadn't really seen Kara and Katie hanging out much either.

"I'll go see her," He said firmly.

Lakshmi held out a hand, stopping him. "What about bringing some of her friends out?"

Kyle shrugged. "I don't have a problem with that. Want me to talk to her about it?"

"Yes, please," She replied. "If I'm wrong, then no harm done. If I'm right then she'll have people she can talk to, and it wouldn't do any harm if you spent a little more time together, the three of you."

"When we do it's all work."

"I'll change the schedules today, get a bit more fun stuff in there if you like?"

Kyle nodded firmly. "That would be really good. The last few days have been pretty heavy, know what I mean?"

Lakshmi nodded. "Thanks, Kyle."

"Is she in her room?"

"Yeah."

"Okay."

Kyle walked around the balcony and knocked on the open door frame. "Katie? You in there?"

"Back here," She called. Kyle followed her voice to the large bedroom at the rear where she was sat on the bed with a large laptop, a pen and tablet device plugged in the side.

"How you doing?" He asked.

"Good. Come and see," She said, nodding to the bed.

Kyle walked round and sat down beside her, seeing she was working on the images she'd shot last night at the party. She flicked open a gallery full of dark thumbnails, then opened the first one full screen.

"Wow," Kyle murmured, seeing a shot of Sting and Neil Finn, the sunset behind them as they played.

"Cool, huh?" She replied, clicking to turn the slideshow on.

Kyle sat there, amazed at the photos she'd captured and edited. Some of the changes were subtle and some undetectable to his eye, but as the evening wore on, there was more shadow in the shots, and then he was looking at black and white pictures, everything shadowed out but the closeup of the person in the picture.

"Katie, these are fucking amazing," He told her. "You must have been up all night."

"I had a couple of hours sleep, but editing photos is like an addiction." She shrugged. "I've been like that for years."



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 24
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Listen, I know we haven't had much of a chance to talk over the last few days, so I wanted to see how you're doing."

Her expression changed, becoming a little flat, unimpressed. "You're coming to check up on me now, Kyle?"

"Not at all. Just wanted to see how you're doing."

"I'm fine."

"You sure?"

"Why are you asking?" She said, a hint of anger in her tone as she faced him. "You've barely spoken to me since you were in here a few nights ago. You held me in your arms until I drifted off to sleep, and then you've barely spoken to me since."

He frowned. "I know. We've been really busy, and I haven't had much time to chat."

"You seem to find plenty of time with your PA. And Kara too," She added.

"Hey, you could have come and seen me any time," He told her. "This isn't all on me."

"It's not easy to just walk in to see you with Patricia hanging around all the time like some possessive jealous frickin wife," Katie said, shaking her head. "And how come you've never included me in your late night balcony talks with Kara either?"

He shrugged. "I don't know. Because they're not planned. I sit out there at night and have a smoke and Kara has one too. I don't issue invites or anything."

"Why have you never come to see me again, Kyle?" She said bluntly. "Why?"

He spread his hands helplessly. "What do you want me to say here, Katie? You said we shouldn't speak of what happened. You said it couldn't ever happen again."

"And you agreed," She said quickly.

"I did. So what was supposed to happen? Was I meant to come and cuddle you to sleep every night, because that's not fucked up at all, is it?"

"Don't be sarcastic," She snapped. "That's the last thing I need."

"So what do you need, Katie? What do you want?"

"I don't know," She said a moment later. "Kara doesn't really talk to me at all. You've barely said two words outside the meetings, and I'm bored of it. You were this guy, this figure of fantasy in my head, and now the reality isn't matching up to the memory. Now I feel completely alone, and I just want to go home."

He frowned, thinking, trying to consider what she was saying. He knew he should have made more of an effort over the last few days, but he'd been so caught up in everything that was happening, and his attraction with Patricia was definitely a part of that too.

"Okay, I had this idea earlier and wanted to talk to you about it," He said, choosing his words with care. "How would you feel about us bringing some friends out here?"

"I thought it was meant to be just the three of us for the week?"

"And I'm thinking we could do with some people we know to keep us grounded, or remind us who we are, know what I mean?"

"I know who I am," Katie said bluntly. "I don't know who you are though. You're not the same guy you were three years ago though."

"Everybody changes in three years, Katie. Even you. Anyway, that's besides the point. What do you think? You could bring Margarita out for a few days if you want."

"What about Kara?"

"She can bring people out too," Kyle shrugged.

"Kyle, she doesn't have anybody."

"No friends at all?"

"Have you ever heard her mention anyone?" Katie asked. "There's no numbers in her phone book apart from ours and the work stuff."

"Then maybe she can make friends with our friends," Kyle said. "I don't know. I think it's a good idea. Would you like to see Margarita here?"

She thought for a second and nodded.

"I'll ask Lakshmi to arrange it," Kyle said, nodding.

"Not Patricia?" Katie said quickly.

"No, she's a bit.... indisposed this morning."

"Good."

"Katie," Kyle protested, chuckling at her tone.

"What? I don't have to like her, do I?"

"Just give her a chance. She's okay," Kyle said.

"I'll think about it."

"And in the meantime, how about we start again?"

"As long as you're not going to be a dick any more," She said, a hint of a smile on her face.

"I can do that. You have to be less argumentative though."

"I'm not argu..."

"Gotcha," He said, cutting her off.

"Sneaky fucker," She said, laughing.

"I have my moments," He grinned. "Now, it's breakfast time and we've got some guests. You coming down?"

"Five minutes."

"Bring the laptop. Those pictures are impressive and you should show them off."

"I might."

"You must have a great camera," He added.

"Oh, Kyle," Katie said, sighing. "Complimenting a photographers images and then saying they must have a great camera is like eating a top-class meal in a fantastic restaurant, then meeting the head chef and complimenting him on his pots and pans."

Kyle burst out laughing. "Yeah, I guess so. Sorry."

"It's okay. It happens to every photographer."

"You're coming down?" He said again.

"Few minutes," She nodded. "I need to smarten up. You sick of all the wardrobe changes yet?"

"Beyond sick." Kyle grinned. "Today I got to choose my own clothes. That was a change of pace."

"Maybe I should get Heidi drunk tonight then," Katie smiled.

"Good luck with that," Kyle replied, remembering how sober she seemed the night before when she put Patricia to bed. "See you in a few."

Kyle tracked down Lakshmi and told her about Margarita, and suggested she catch Katie and find out if she wanted to bring anyone else out, then asked her to organise for Ed and Casey to come out too.

He sat down on his balcony, lit a cigarette, called them both and felt immensely relieved when they jumped at the chance to come and see the Island. Ed called him an asshole for not getting a picture of Caroline for him, and Casey point blank refused to believe him when he said he had been hit on by Charlize Theron.

Kara drifted by towards the end of the call with Casey, so he cut it short and carefully asked her about bringing out anyone she wanted to the Island for a few days. She shrugged and said she was fine, then drifted off to breakfast as if she didn't really care. Kyle frowned and made a mental note to try and draw her into spending more time with Katie, then headed into his suite to see how Patricia was.

He found her sitting on his bed with a laptop, wearing only a black bra and matching panties.

"Wow. You look hot," He said immediately.

"Don't go getting any ideas," She replied, winking anyway.

"What you up to?" He asked, getting up on the bed beside her.

"Checking out the kiss and tell story," She said, handing him the laptop. "You recognise her now?"

"Nope," He said, seeing the photo of a brunette in a blue bikini, posing next to the article. He quickly read it and started to laugh. "I know who she is now."

"Who?"

"Some girl that Ed fucked at a college party," He explained. "He was playing some drinking game and got locked in a wardrobe with these two girls. They couldn't have impressed him because he gave them my name."

"Your name?"

"Yeah, he used to think it was funny to give girls he deemed as fugly my name and number. Sometimes Ed can be... unusual."

"You mean an asshole?"

He shrugged. "Pretty much."

"Okay, I'll let the media people know the chick was so drunk she got the wrong guy and actually banged his friend. That should make that story go away," She murmured, taking the laptop back.

"You sure you're up to working?"

"Shut up, Kyle," She said, rolling her eyes.

"You coming down for breakfast?"

"I'll be down in a bit," She nodded. As Kyle got off the bed to leave, she called him. "Kyle."

"Yeah?"

"You think I look hot in black lingerie?" He could see she was enjoying asking him that, teasing him a little.

"Want me to come over there and show you how much?"

"Nope," She said, sticking her tongue out at him.

"One of these days..." He said, grinning.

Kyle arrived at breakfast to see Kara seated between Johnny Depp and Sting who were having an animated conversation about the song he sung for the movie Leaving Las Vegas. Kara seemed to be holding her own in the discussion, which was surprising, so he took a seat a few places down, opposite Charlie and next to Neil Finn.

They talked about the impromptu concert last night, and Kyle told them how he was totally blown away by it, and how he wished he'd recorded it. After Neil promising him concert tickets any time he wanted, Katie arrived, laptop in hand.

She took a seat next to Charlie and began to show her a few of the shots, and then suddenly she was the centre of attention, with Heidi quickly hooking the laptop up to one of the big screens on the walls and Katie giving an unexpected photo presentation.

By the time Kyle finished breakfast, Johnny was making a call to a friend at GQ telling him he had to hire Katie for an upcoming shoot they'd booked with him, and Charlize was emailing copies of the shots to her agents to go on her website. Neil was sitting chatting with her about shooting an album cover for him, and Katie had a massive smile on her face.

Just as he was heading outside for a smoke, Patricia appeared. "Your schedule's changed."

"Yeah, Lakshmi mentioned that."

"You've got half an hour now before the guests start to leave. Want to meet with Mister Crowler now?"

"Sure," Kyle nodded, then remembered something. "Can you get a hold of Edwin and ask him if he's got a minute to chat too please?"

"He's in the bar just now," She replied, so Kyle nodded and walked over.

"Hi, Edwin."

"Good morning, Master Kyle," The old man nodded. "Everything to your satisfaction?"

"Yeah, everything's excellent," He nodded. "Listen, I had a question for you."

"Go ahead, Master Kyle."

Kyle closed the outside door, making sure there was no-one else in the room.

"A discrete matter, I assume?"

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "I wanted to ask. Where's Mister Tripps safe room?"

"You mean where he keeps his valuables?" The old Englishman asked, one eyebrow raised.

"No, I mean like a panic room. I assume he has one here?"

"Actually, no," Edwin said, looking down. "It was something I brought up regularly with Mister Tripps, however he didn't like the idea of locking himself in a box. A bone of contention, I'm afraid."

"I thought he would have had one," Kyle said, surprised. "Was he claustrophobic or something?"

"I don't know," Edwin said, shrugging. "But I can assure you no such room exists, Master Kyle."

"Oh, okay."

"Was there anything else I could assist you with, Master Kyle?"

"No, I don't think so... wait, Patricia said you're waiting for a part for her shower."

"I'm afraid you must be mistaken, Master Kyle," Edwin replied, looking puzzled. "As far as I'm aware there are no faults with any of the facilities in your suite."

"Really?" Kyle replied, frowning. Had Patricia just made that up so she could have an excuse to use his bathroom?

"I'm sure, Master Kyle, however I will have maintenance check immediately."

"Don't worry about it," Kyle said, shaking his head. "I probably just picked her up wrong."

"If you insist, Master Kyle," Edwin replied, nodding his head.

"Thanks, Edwin. That's all it was."

"Have a good day, sir," The Englishman replied.

"You too," Kyle murmured as he headed outside. He was chuckling a little at the idea that Patricia had faked a broken shower so she could use his bathroom, and made a mental note to check it out himself, but then his mind drifted back to Edwin's claim that there was no safe room on the Island. Connor's note claimed there must be, and that seemed more likely.

"That doesn't make sense that Danny Tripps wouldn't have one," He whispered as he walked, and decided to bring it up again with Connor that afternoon.

When he got back to the lounge, Mister Crowler was waiting for him, so Kyle suggested they have a walk while they talked.

"You asked me a few days ago when we first met if I was your lawyer, Kyle," The old man reminded him.

"Yeah. That seems like weeks ago," Kyle replied. "It's fine now though."

"Well, the purpose of this meeting was to let you know I'm now your lawyer, and you can discuss anything with me in complete confidentiality," Mister Crowler explained. "Now, I believe my number is in your cellphone?"

Kyle nodded.

"Good. In the event of any kind of emergency or situation, you call me, day or night. Particularly if there is any potential legal impact."

"I've to call you first?"

"No, obviously if you need to call an Ambulance then you do that first. Then, you call me."

"Okay," Kyle nodded. "Hey, I've got a question for you."

"Of course," Mister Crowler nodded.

"Do you happen to know if Danny Tripps was claustrophobic?"

"No, he wasn't at all," The lawyer replied. "Why do you ask?"

"I was just asking Edwin if the Island had a panic room, like a safe room, in the event of an attack or something, but he said that it didn't," Kyle explained.

"That's rather unusual," Mister Crowler said, frowning.

"Why's that?"

"Well, I know his residences in New York, LA and Hawaii all have them. As does the villa in Italy, now that I think on it," The old man replied. "This island had extensive work done on it prior to the builders coming in, and that would fit with the installation of a safe area."

"You think there is one?" Kyle asked, his eyes widening.

"Allow me to check out a few things, Kyle," Mister Crowler said softly. "This is a discrete enquiry, I assume."

"Yes. I don't want to make a mountain out of a molehill, but if there is a safehouse, then my sisters and I should know about it, and if it's there, why is Edwin keeping it from us?" Kyle frowned. "Likewise, I don't want to call him a liar if there's nothing there either, know what I mean?"

"I do," The old man nodded. "I shall find out what I can."

"Thanks, Mister Crowler," Kyle nodded.

"Kyle," The old man said, stopping him. "I think it's acceptable for you to call me George if you wish."

"George it is," Kyle nodded. "And thanks for the chat."

The next couple of hours flew by as Kyle, Katie and Kara escorted their guests back to either the helipad or the pier, bidding them all farewell, and thanking them for coming along.

It was almost surreal how they'd arrived as these famous people with reputations and impressions, yet when they left twentyfour hours later they seemed different people entirely. Johnny Depp was Johnny, a goofy guy and a bit of an oddball with a sensitive side and Charlize Theron was just Charlie, a chatty and flirty woman who cared deeply about her projects.

Kyle, Kara and Katie were then walked down to a small shooting range at the far West side of the Island to meet Connor Grant and the Islands Head of Security, Brian Kane. The 'introduction to firearms' proved to be a real eye-opener, as they saw Connor Grant in work-mode. Gone was the charismatic rogue with the scotch in hand, and in his place was a neat and tidy professional, calm and confident who demonstrated using a pistol with ridiculous accuracy.

Connor spoke to them for a few minutes about how if they were under threat they may need to know how to use a firearm, and without going into any specifics, he explained that he was speaking from experience and they should listen closely as what he was about to teach could one day save their lives.

They were taken through how various different models of pistols worked, how the safety worked, how to use the sights and then shooting stances. Katie had ever fired a gun before, but Kara had in the past, explaining she used to be friends with a biker who was a bit of a gun nut. Kyle had grown up with guns in the house as his father was a policeman, so he'd been to the range half a dozen times and had a basic grasp on firearm safety.

While Katie hit the target sometimes, and Kyle hit it most of the time, Kara proved to be the best shot of the three of them, hitting the targets centre-mass with most of her shots. Brian Kane hit the centre mass with every shot which was impressive, until Connor stepped up and hit bullseyes and eyeballs for fun.

Kyle didn't get the chance to mention to Connor about the conversations with Edwin and George Crowler as they were whisked off again as Kare and Katie were to attend appointments with the team of beautificans on the Island. Kyle was led straight into the gym for his second workout of the day, emerging exhausted and shaking as usual.

He stumbled into his suite, a weary smile on his face as Patricia steered him straight into the bath, the now familiar smell of bath salts permeating the air.

It had been a long day already, after a late night and Kyle rested his head against the end of the bath and closed his eyes, breathing slowly and deeply as he rested his sore muscles in the hot water. He mentally drifted and wondered if he'd snoozed as Patricia placed a gentle hand on top of his head. He hadn't even heard her come in.

"Sit forward," She said softly, and he groaned as he sat upright, leaning forward in the bath. He watched silently as she slipped off the white dressing gown, exposing her naked form, and with no pretence at discomfort or awkward positions for massaging him, Patricia entered the water behind him, slipping her legs round either side of his hips. Her hands rested on top of his shoulders and she slowly eased him back until he was resting on her body, his head on her chest.

"That's nice," He murmured, feeling the tension in the air.

Kyle felt her hands begin to soap up his shoulders and chest, massaging his pectoral muscles down to the side of his ribs and across his stomach and he closed his eyes again.

"You work too hard," Patricia said quietly in his ear. "I worry about how sore you are when you come back from the gym. I worry you're going to tear something, or hurt yourself."

Kyle took a deep slow breath, and felt her head resting against his. It felt comforting, intimate and he could feel her breath on his neck. Her hands slowly began to drag handfuls of water up his body, rinsing the soap off him with each gentle movement.

"Lean forward," She said quietly a moment later, but Kyle stayed where he was, feeling each rise and fall of her breathing, revelling in the contact between them.

"Kyle," She said gently, checking to see if he was asleep. As she moved her head to the side to try and check, he rolled his head around until his lips were inches from her neck and he kissed her soft skin.

"Kyle," She said gently. "Come on, sit forward."

He kissed her neck again, then dragged his lips down over her collarbone.

"Don't do this," She whispered, but he could hear the desire in her voice, could feel it in the way her arms held him in place against her.

His lips sought her neck again, and he felt her head roll back in pleasure at his touch.

"Kyle, you shouldn't...."

"Shush," He whispered, kissing her once more, hearing her sigh. He brought his left hand up, carefully running his fingers along the line of her jaw, and he felt her kiss his thumb as it moved past her lips and then her lips were on his.

They kissed, a sudden explosion of passion that had been kept at bay for too long.

Patricia's arms wrapped him in tight, her legs locked themselves around him as she slid her tongue into his mouth, kissing him with an audible moan.

Kyle pressed her lips against hers, feeling her desire explode as he felt his own, ripping through his body like an electrical recharge. His hand wrapped itself in her hair, holding her to him as he kissed her, hard and hungry.

He realised he was growling with desire, his cock erect and wanting and he could feel it pressing at her legs. Kyle knew she could too, and he felt them move, releasing him to turn.

They broke in a mad scramble, panting as their wide eyes stared at each other. Patricia's hand came up and held his head as he flipped onto his front, both of them ignoring the wave of water that sloshed onto the floor and buffeted them, caught in their own passion.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 25
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Kyle placed one elbow on the side of the bath, his other hand sliding beneath her, pulling her into him, seeing her eyes narrow as she anticipated him.

"Go on," She moaned, inches from his face and then she smiled hungrily as she felt that first inch probe inside her.

"Give me it."

Kyle pulled with his hand as he pushed with his hips, thrusting into her.

"Fuck!" She moaned, then could say no more as his lips pressed onto hers once more. His hips began to move back and forth, lost in the exquisiteness of her pussy, moving slowly at first, as she rocked her hips to match his movements, then faster as their passion lifted them to new heights.

Water began to rock around them, deep peaks and troughs sloshing over the end and sides, splashing over their bodies, yet neither cared as they rode each others desires.

Kyle thrust, withdrew and thrust again, repeating and repeating the motion that brought such pleasure from his erection, pleasure that radiated through him as he knew it radiated through her.

He heard her moan as her tongue withdrew into her own mouth, louder as she broke their kiss to gasp for more air, and he leaned his forehead against hers.

A hand slid free from his head to his hips, beckoning him onward, calling him for more and he gave it, powering into her with everything he had, every ounce of desire, every ounce of hunger he'd felt for her over the last few days.

"Kyle," She cried, a sharp gasp that spurred him on.

"Yes," She cried, her lips probing forward for a second before they broke to accommodate her fast, hard breathing.

He knew he was close, but he knew she was too.

It would never be a case of trying to hold on, but to bring her there faster and Kyle reacted to that instinctive knowledge, pushing deeper with every thrust, as fast as he could with every thrust, as hard as he could give it to her.

"Oh."

He knew she was close and then she was there, stiffening, gasping, moaning beneath him and it was more than he could cope with.

Kyle groaned, a loud, drawn out primal noise of pure pleasure as he thrust deep, deep inside her, still pressing even though her skin was tight against his own and he came.

His entire pelvis rocked with each surge, mirrored by the water sloshing around in the bath, splashing up the walls, and slamming into their bodies like the waves that coursed through them both.

"Kyle," Patricia panted, kissing him for a long, drawn out second, breaking as he did as their bodies screamed for more air.

Their eyes remained locked on each others long after their orgasms had begun to fade, until eventually Kyle eased out of her.

"Oh my," She murmured, kissing him once more, a quick brief peck on the lips. "That was....."

"Long overdue?" He guessed.

"Very pleasurable I was going to say," Patricia replied, smiling. "But either way works for me."

"Me too," He nodded, then as he moved his elbow from the side of the bath that had been taking his weight he grimaced. "Oh, ouch."

"Muscles stiff?" She asked, tilting her head.

Kyle nodded.

"Told you should have leaned forward earlier."

"This way was much better. No pain, no gain," He chuckled, earning a slap on the shoulder and a laugh from the beautiful woman beneath him.

"I think we made a bit of a mess," She said a moment later, drawing his gaze over the side of the bath at the water all over the floor.

"I'll lick it up if I have to," Kyle told her. "I wouldn't have stopped there if the walls had fallen down."

"Neither would I," She smiled, kissing him once more. "Now get up."

"Why?"

She slapped him on the shoulder again. "We've got lunch about... ten minutes ago, and then a full afternoon."

"I better have time for.... rest and relaxation with my wonderful assistant at some point," He said pointedly. "Assuming you're interested?"

"Right now, I'd happily clear your schedule for the rest of the damned week."

"Good."

"You know, you really opened Pandora's box here, Kyle," She said, smirking. "You've no idea what you've let yourself in for."

"Meaning what?"

"You'll see," She said, kissing the end of his nose. "Later."

Kyle arrived twenty minutes late to lunch and sat down to a very different meal a few minutes later. A platter of steak and lobster, and a glass of low fat milk were brought out and Kyle grinned as he looked around the table.

"You're looking very cheerful," Kara said, giving him a shrewd look. "Like the cat that got the cream."

Kyle glanced down at the plate, seeing an excuse right there in front of him. "I've been craving steak for days and I've been getting nothing but tuna and eggs, so this is a real change. And lobster too. Lucky me."

Katie chuckled at his enthusiasm, while Kara raised an eyebrow.

He ignored her and got stuck into his meal.

Heidi asked if Patricia was joining them for lunch, but Kyle shook his head, saying she was working upstairs but would order something from the kitchen, and then before he was finished eating they moved smoothly into an hour long briefing from Peter on the basics of business management, with a focus on international marketing strategy and modern advertising.

Kyle found the whole topic a little boring, having covered it already at college and in practice at work, but he simplified a few of the questions when Kara struggled, and it was soon over.

Lakshmi reappeared, explaining that their schedule had changed for the afternoon now, and would they like to accompany her.

Exchanging puzzled glances back and forth, Kyle, Katie and Kara followed Lakshmi up to the helipad where a man in a flight suit waited for them.

"Good afternoon. My name's Captain Jonas Scott and I'll be flying you this afternoon aboard this here Sikorsky S-76," He said, jerking his thumb at the big helicopter on the landing pad behind him.

"We'll be up in the air for about thirty minutes, doing a quick tour of the Island from above then a fly over of a few of the neighbours, and if we can manage it we'll go looking for some dolphins too. Come on board," He finished, a broad smile on his face as he turned and boarded the helicopter..

"Fucking awesome," Kyle murmured.

"You're not serious," Katie replied. "I'm not going up in a helicopter."

"Come on," Kara said. "It'll be fun."

"No. It won't," Katie said, looking scared. "I don't want to."

"Katie," Lakshmi said gently. "Think of this as a drill, a training exercise."

"For what?"

"Say, for a security threat on the Island, or a foul-weather warning. In the event we have to evacuate you by helicopter, do you really want the added pressure of never having flown before."

"The terrorists will just have to put up with me," She said, drawing a chuckle from Kyle. She rounded on him. "This isn't funny."

"I know," He said, holding up his hands. "I just found it funny someone else was as scared as I was," He lied.

"You just said you tought this was fucking awesome," She said, shaking her head.

"I was being sarcastic," He improvised. "I don't want to go up in a steel box held up in the air by four rotating bits of metal and a couple of jet engines, no matter what it's safety record is, or how good the crew are," He finished, giving Lakshmi a pointed look.

She caught it and added. "I have to say, the S-76 is used all over the world and has one of the best safety records going. The government even use them for ferrying diplomats and dignitaries around, it's that good. And did I mention our crew are all ex-special forces?"

"That's kinda cool," Kara said.

"Yes. I think Captain Scott used to be a Night Stalker," Lakshmi added.

"What? One of those guys who fly the Delta Force guys around?"

"Yes, although if you ask him, he'll deny it."

Kyle pretended to consider the matter, tapping his fingers against his chin. "Katie, I'm scared, but if I'm going to fly in a helicopter for the first time, I don't suppose I can ask for a better pilot or safer aircraft."

"You're thinking about it?" Katie asked, wheeling to face him.

"You know, my dad used to tell me 'Never be ruled by that which you fear' and if I don't try it, then I'm letting the fear win, right?" He asked, then cautiously, feeling dramatic and transparent, he took a step forward, then held out his hand to Katie. "You coming?"

"No."

"Come on, please," He said, licking his lips. "We might even enjoy it, or at least that's what I'm trying to convince myself." Kyle knew it was a sneaky thing to do, but he knew how important it was that they could just jump on one of these things if anything happened.

"I don't know," Katie said, and Kyle looked at Kara.

"I'll hold your hand too, Katie," Kara said. "I'm not frightened at all. I've been dying to fly in a helicopter for years."

"Come on," Kyle said firmly, taking her hand. He moved slowly, as if he was fighting his own battle against his fears as he reached the steps and he hesitated, then went up, pulling a terrified Katie behind him.

"Oh, wow. Look at this," He said, looking around the luxury interior. Six leather armchairs on pivots sat on a carpeted floor within a white painted interior. "It's like the inside of the jet I flew in on."

He felt Katie gripping his hand as she entered the cabin and looked around. "I don't know if I want to do this," She said.

"How about we sit over here, in these three seats?" Kyle suggested, selecting the three armchairs on the right, all within close reach of each other. Rather than wait for her to reply, he led her up, Kara trailing and they sat down.

Captain Scott re-appeared through the cockpit door. "Nervous?" He asked, seeing their faces.

"A little, Captain," Kyle said. "None of us have ever been in a helicopter before, so this is new territory for us."

"Hey, that's no problem," He smiled. "Most of our flyers are nervous the first time. When it comes to the second time, they're usually the first ones on board."

"That's good," Kyle said, nodding his head, feeling like a fraud, but Katie seemed to be following his lead, thinking if he could do it then so could she. He winked subtley at the Captain then casually tilted his head towards his sister.

A brief smile crossed his lips and a barely pereceptible nod let Kyle know the message had been received.

"Let me just make sure your seatbelts are fastened for when we take off," He told them.

While he showed them how the seatbelts worked, he told them about his co-pilot, Captain Johnson, and what he was doing to start the aircraft. As soon as the door was shut, the rotor began to spin, and within a few seconds, Kyle could feel the power in the big engines.

"You know, this is kinda exciting," He told his sisters. Katie looked at him like he was mad. Kara just rolled her eyes at his theatrics, then nodded when Katie looked at her.

Captain Scott disappeared forward and then his voice crackled on a loudspeaker in the roof. "That's us about to take off, folks."

Kyle felt it at the same time he saw the scenery begin to move out the window, and then they were out over the cliff, the ocean beneath them.

"Hey, you guys did it," Kara said a moment later. "Well done."

Kyle spun his chair so it was facing Katie and looked out the window to his side. "Oh, man. This view is amazing."

"Totally," Kara agreed.

The helicopter had continued to rise as it took off and they were circling the Island a couple of hundred feet up within no time at all. It swept slowly round the west side of the Island, giving them a good view of the exterior of the main house, and drawing waves from Peter, Heidi and Garius.

Katie began to cautiously relax and was able to turn her chair to look out the window. Kyle watched her reaction to the amazing view of the Island, and grinned when she muttered, "I wish I had my camera."

They circled the Island a couple of times at different heights, then swung out to sea, flying over a couple of small islands, barely piles of sand and a few trees, and then a larger one with a small community living on it. They swung further round to the west and the water turned a much deeper blue, obviously a lot deeper beneath them now.

Kyle figured now would be as good at time as any to tell his sisters about Connor's questioning notes, Edwins response and George Crowlers thoughts on it.

"What's the big deal?" Katie asked. "There's probably no safe room."

"Maybe," Kyle allowed. "But if there is, why is he hiding it from us? What's in there? Has Edwin stashed away loads of jewels or cash or is it full of dodgy stuff?"

"It doesn't matter whats in there," Kara argued. "If it's there, it's there for a reason, right? So if we need to use it in an emergency, he's not letting us."

"Anyway," Kyle said firmly. "I'm following it up and I'm gonna get to the bottom of this, so I'm just keeping you guys in the loop, okay? Now, I suggest we don't talk about this back on the Island unless we know we're absolutely alone. We don't know who's listening, do we?"

"I don't like this," Katie muttered.

"Just don't keep us in the dark, okay?" Kara told him.

"I won't," He promised.

A few minutes later the scenery changed again as they flew around a small cluster of Islands and sand banks, and Kyle could see several fishing boats pulled up on the beach. It looked like life was simple down there, peaceful and lazy and he felt a moment of envy. Life was anything but simple.

The big helicopter swung round and began to fly gradually lower until it was only a hundred feet or so above the water. It was difficult to judge their exact height, Kyle realised. His musings were interrupted by Captain Scott's voice in the loudspeaker.

"If you look to our left in the water, you'll see some friends."

Kara darted out her seat and crossed the cabin, looking out the windows. "Oh my God, you've got to see this."

Katie grabbed Kyle's hand as he got up, and he slowed, helping her out her seat as she moved tentatively over the small cabin, and then her reaction was the same as Kara's.

The first thing Kyle saw was the Betsy, racing across the ocean at their side and then his eyes caught sight of the shapes flickering in and out the water before it.

"Dolphins."

"Ten out of ten, Kyle," Kara said, flashing him a grin.

They were beautiful. The three of them sat mesmorised, their faces glued to the small windows watching the creatures dart in and out of the water in front of the sleek catamaran as it raced towards the Island.

At some invisible signal though, the small school of dolphins turned away, disappearing beneath the water and surfacing off to the east of the Betsy.

"How amazing was that?" Katie asked, her fear of flying forgotten for the moment.

"Breath-taking," Kyle agreed.

"I am totally coming back up here to take some photos," She muttered, and Kyle and Kara exchanged a grin.

They landed a few minutes later, touching down with a barely noticeable bump and then they were off the helicopter. Kyle thanked Captain Scott and then turned to join the rest of them.

Katie had bounced over the helipad and was chatting excitedly with Heidi, while Kara was making motions with her arms, describing the dolphins jumping in and out the water in front of the Betsy.

Kyle spotted Patricia waiting for him, a slight smile on her face.

"Hey," He said as he walked up to her, feeling excited and more than a little horny. She looked great, dressed in a pair of grey loose trousers, heels and a black top that hugged her figure very nicely.

"Enjoy that?" She asked, smiling at him.

"Amazing experience," He admitted. "It's been a day for it."

She smirked. "It certainly has. I hear you had a nice treat earlier."

Kyle smiled. "I did. It was very tasty. I'd been craving it for a while." If she could talk in code, then so could he, he figured.

"Maybe you'll get more of the same later."

Kyle grinned as she turned to walk towards the house, falling in behind Katie, Heidi, Garius and Kara. He moved too, glancing over his shoulder to make sure no-one was behind him. As he got alongside Patricia, she glanced at him.

He reached out and gently ran his hand down the small of her back, then further, feeling the softness of her buttocks beneath his fingers.

She chuckled silently then took a step to his right, putting herself out of reach.

Kyle, knowing he couldn't exactly protest in words made a pouty face, but she stuck her tongue out at him, then winked.

The six of them arrived back in the main house, Katie still chattering on about how she wanted to go back up there with her cameras and take loads of pictures. Heidi was explaining to her about how the Chinook would be a better idea, as they could harness her up and lower the tailgate so she wouldn't be shooting out a window. Kara was laughing at that, given Katie's recent terror and now sudden enthusiasm and lack of fear.

"What's happening now?" Kyle asked, hoping he'd be whisked upstairs for some quiet time, but Patricia nodded to where Peter and Lakshmi waited, a presentation ready to go in the business suite off to their left. He sighed, but followed his sisters anyway.

To his surprise, Patricia, Heidi and Garius joined them, scooping up laptops and binders from a nearby table.

The meeting didn't turn out to be another briefing as Kyle expected, but a planning session to try and sort out their schedules for next week when they left the Island, and to put a few plans in place for the next few months when they'd be visiting the businesses they'd inherited.

The first decision they had to make was if they would be travelling as a trio, or if they would be going as individuals.

"If you don't mind me making a few observations," Peter said, kicking things off, "I've noticed a few things since I arrived yesterday. Kyle, you seem to be taking to the business side of things with ease, like the proverbial duck to water. Katie, you seem to be doing okay with the information, yet struggle with some concepts, and Kara. Well, frankly you seem quite lost at times."

As Kara glowered at him, Katie looked a little disappointed and Kyle shrugged, Peter continued. "I don't say this to criticise or cause offence, but to point out that the three of you are at different levels in your experiences, and we should take steps to balance that out in the coming weeks and months."

"What are you suggesting?" Kyle asked.

"Please, bear with me for a moment. Kyle, you seemed a little... awkward chatting with some of the musicians and actors yesterday, while Katie and Kara seemed a lot more comfortable."

Kyle frowned, wanting Peter to get to the point.

"My suggestion for next week and the following one is that we should split into two parties," Peter explained. "Katie and Kara should go to New York, where we can focus on several of the businesses there. This will allows to give you more of a grounded education and by the end of the fortnight you should be roughly level in terms of understanding with where Kyle is now."

Kyle didn't like the thought of being separated from Katie and Kara. He was only just getting to know them, but he realised it might not be a bad thing, as it would force his two sisters to spend more time together.

"As for you, Kyle, I'm suggesting we send you out to look at our businesses in LA. You'll be going into an environment with its own rules, truly a different world, and you'll be starting from the ground up."

"You're splitting us up?" Katie asked, frowning a little.

"I'm suggesting it for a couple of weeks," Peter nodded. "You'll still be able to talk on the phone, video-conference, etc, and if you want to meet up for dinner then I'm sure we can arrange it, however I think it's the best way to go."

"Personnel?" Heidi asked, looking up from her notes.

"Heidi with Katie. Garius with Kara. Either Lakshmi or I to come along with you both. Patricia would go to LA with Kyle, and whichever one of us doesn't go to New York will go to LA," Peter replied. "Do you have a preference, Lakshmi?"



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 26
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

The Indian girl shrugged. "The shopping's good for me in either city."

"LA? If I go to New York I can visit my family," Peter suggested.

Lakshmi nodded. "Sure."

"Can I just ask," Kyle said, holding up his hand. "How many of you guys think this is the best approach to take?"

His eyes looked at each of them, getting nods from Heidi and Lakshmi, a smirk from Patricia and a shrug from Garius.

"Garius?"

"I'll go wherever Kara wants me to," He said simply. "I think the decision should be made by you three, not us."

"I'm trying to get your thoughts on it though."

"I think it's as good an idea as any," He explained. "I think if the three of you are together you can help each other out, but there is an imbalance there right now. If we can address that, then it'll help going forward."

"So you're all basically agreed then?" Katie asked, getting a chorus of nods in reply. "Kara?"

"I don't know. Whatever. I've never been to New York."

"I'll show you around," Katie smiled. "We can go shopping too. Oh, and clubbing."

"That sounds fun," Kara replied, a hint of a smile on her face.

Kyle nodded. "Then it's settled. You guys are going to the Big Apple, Patricia, Lakshmi and I are going to Tinsel Town."

"Okay," Peter nodded. "Now, let's talk about schedules while we're there. If we split into two focus groups and..."

Kyle chuckled as Heidi, Patricia, Garius and Lakshmi all groaned theatrically.

Peter rolled his eyes. "Running joke. Apparently I say focus groups too much," He explained. "Anyway, Lakshmi, Patricia. If you would take Kyle and start knocking a schedule out of this," He said, tapping a large pile of printouts on the table at his side. "Then we can start sorting out this," He continued, tapping a larger pile right next to it.

"What's in those piles?" Kara asked, a hint of trepidation in her voice.

"Memo's, emails, invitations, social events, appearances, meetings," Peter explained. "Basically, everything we think you should do, or other people think you should do if you're in New York in the next few weeks."

"Jesus," She muttered.

"Don't worry," Peter added. "We've already culled the crazy stuff."

Kyle chuckled as he got to his feet and gathered up the pile of notes.

"Let me," Lakshmi said, moving to take it off him, but Kyle chuckled.

"I'm pretty sure I can manage a pile of notes. Now, where are we going with them?"

Patricia and Lakshmi exchanged a few looks and shrugs.

"Upstairs?" Kyle suggested, and the two women nodded. "Let's go."

Kyle set the pile of notes down on the coffee table in his suite and the three of them sat on the sofas. The initial plan was to make a first pass to split everything into three stacks. The discarded, the 'must do' and the 'needs discussion'.

They set to work, and for the next hour Kyle laughed, shook his head or muttered. There was invitations to do all the chat shows, lots of press requests, invites to meetings to discuss investment in productions, many of them disguised as lunches or dinner invites. There was visits to be made to the Production company they now owned, as well as the Talent Agency and Music producers offices, and an invite to attend the recording studio to hear one of their up and coming artists record their new album. There was also the offices of the magazine group they owned, as well as a branch of the Consultancy firm Kyle worked for to visit too.

Patricia ripped through her part of the pile, while Lakshmi pulled up data to answer Kyle's many questions, everything from who was inviting him where and why to what does this charity do.

It was almost a surprise when Patricia ordered him off to get changed for his workout. Kyle stretched as he stood up, realising they'd been sat there for two hours straight, and suggested that they both take a break.

Lakshmi chuckled and Patricia rolled her eyes. "This is like a hint of getting a normal workload," Patricia explained. "We'll just keep with it for now, Kyle. It won't take long."

"Okay," He said, leaving them to it. He got changed and jogged down to the gym, where Julian was waiting for him. This time he gave him a thorough examination to check the development of his musces and any signs of injury, weighed him and took a few measurements.

Then, with an enthusiasm that Kyle was sure was part hysteria, Julian got him working out again. His legs bore the brunt of it in this particular session, although he was aching all over when he left.

"No jogging back this time," Kyle muttered to himself as he tottered back to the main house.

Patricia had drawn him a bath but was still hard at work in the lounge with Lakshmi, arranging the paper into dozens of piles on the desks across the room, so he stripped off and sank into the water, groaning as he lay back. Patricia appeared a moment later, a cheeky smile on her face.

"You're on your own in there for this bath, Kyle," She said softly. "Lakshmi's right next door."

Her hand drifted down to touch his chest and she leaned forward and gave him a quick kiss. Kyle could feel his heart rate accelerating as her tongue darted into his mouth, a quick swipe, before she sat back up.

"Just wanted to do that," She whispered. Her hand drifted down over his stomach, and her smile broadened as she wrapped her fingers around his cock and gave it a gentle squeeze, then let it go.

"Any time you like."

"I'll remember that later," She told him, standing up. Patricia reached for a towel and dried her hand off. "In a few minutes, Sarah, the masseuse, will be arriving. She's going to do her thing, but Shmi and I will be right next door."

"Sarah?" Kyle asked, remembering her reputation. "Wait. What do you mean by do her thing?"

Patricia chuckled. "Relax. She's just gonna give you a massage. We're right next door, remember. Might even pop in and ask you a few question," She winked. "Just to make sure no-one poaching on my territory."

Kyle smiled, liking the possessive side of her. "So I take it you're cool with us breaking the rules now?"

She shrugged. "We've crossed the line, so we might as well see what's on the other side. Unless you'd rather step back again?"

"Fuck, no," He replied with feeling.

She smiled, eyeing him in the water, then her shoulders slumped and she groaned. "I better get back to work now, or I'm gonna end up wetter than I am already."

Kyle smiled as he slid under the water. Today was turning out to be the best day he could remember in a very long time.

Sarah turned out to be an excellent masseuse, not that Kyle had a lot of experience to compare her skills against. She had arrived, laid towels out on his bed, heated oils, dimmed the lights, and told him to lie down.

He was quite surprised at his first impression of her. Shoulder-length dark hair framed a pretty face with a fit but voluptous body, reminding him more of Katie than Kara. Sarah was dressed in a black vest-top and black track-pants, and he could see at least a dozen tattooes around her upper body. Her entire right arm from her shoulder to her wrist was a mixture of aquatic creatures intermingled with waves and stars, a strange yet beautiful and colourful combination, and she had a large tribal dragon on her left arm.

She seemed a little uneasy to Kyle at first, maybe nervous, but she settled quickly as they chatted about her tattoos for a few minutes while she got sorted out, Kyle sitting wrapped in a towel, Sarah busy getting set up, until she told him to lie down on the bed.

Kyle lay there on his back, a towel across his lap, feeling more than a little uncomfortable, yet her hands put him at ease. There was no haste in her movements, but a lot of strength and control, as she worked each muscle of his upper body.

Eventually she told him to turn over and he did, becoming so relaxed as she worked his back that he barely noticed she was astride his hips. He could barely keep his eyes open, and slid into a half-snooze.

Sarah worked his upper body and then his legs while he lay face down on the bed, and Kyle's muscles felt tired but the pain was gone from them. She asked him to flip over, and he felt that momentary discomfort as he held the towel over his lap and turned onto his back.

"I'm just going to work your thighs now, and that's us done," She explained.

Kyle lay back, closing his eyes as her hands rubbed the large muscles, one at a time, easing the pressure and tension from them, her hands warm and firm on his skin. She was sat astride his feet, kneeding his thighs, and as he lay there with his eyes closed something nagged at him, like he'd forgotten he was meant to be somewhere.

"You're done," She announced a few moments later, and before he could open his eyes, he felt her press her hands down on either side of his hips and she sprung back off the end of the bed.

The recognition was instant, as Kyle remembered someone making that exact same movement a few nights ago, in the darkness, just before she fled.

He tensed and looked at her, frowning.

"Something wrong?" She asked casually as she bent to retrieve her bag from the floor.

Kyle wanted to ask her straight away if it was her that was in here the other night, fucking him and sucking his cock, and why she'd done it, but something made him hold his question back. He needed time to think.

"No, everythings fine," He replied a moment later.

"I'll just tidy up and then I'll be off," Sarah said, giving him a smile. "Let me know if you want me to come back again tomorrow. Or whenever."

"Yeah. Will do."

She bustled about for another few seconds and then slipped out. Kyle heard Patricia and Lakshmi say goodbye and then Patricia appeared in the bedroom doorway. She caught his expression.

"What's wrong?"

Kyle sat up, propping himself on his elbows. "I think I've figured out who the boogeygirl was."

Patricia's eyes widened and she mouthed, "Sarah" at him, her face framing the question.

Kyle nodded. "I didn't say anything or ask her, but I'm sure it was her."

"How do you know? Did she..."

Kyle shook his head. "Nothing like that. It was the way she got off the bed."

"You know just from that?" Patricia asked, sounding unconvinced.

"It's an unusual way of doing it." A thought struck him. "I take it she used to give Danny massages up here, in this bed too?"

Patricia's eyes narrowed. "How did you know that?"

"I'll tell you later."

Patricia frowned and came over and sat on the side of the bed. "She's so getting fired."

"Not yet," Kyle said immediately, although he realised he had no idea why. "I need to think about what I want to do."

"What does that mean? You better not be thinking about a repeat performance!"

Kyle chuckled. "No, nothing like that. I mean why did she do it? Just randomly sneak into someones room and take advantage of them? It doesn't really make sense."

"I told you. She's a self-confessed slut," Patricia said, a hint of anger in her tone. "Can I be there when you fire her?"

"You're angry, aren't you?"

"I don't see why you're not," She pointed out. "If I was you, I'd be pissed."

"I'm more confused than angry right now," Kyle said, trying to puzzle his way through it. He felt like there was a game going on that he didn't know how to play, with rules he didn't know and no idea how to win. Gut instinct, his dad would have called it.

"So what do you want to do?"

"Think first, act second," Kyle told her. "Can we put this to one side just now?"

She sighed. "I suppose."

"So how's it going through there?"

"We're getting there. Couple more hours and we'll have a first draft itinery."

"Sounds complicated."

"It is," She told him. "Dinner's in ten minutes. You should get dressed. There's an outfit in the dressing room for you."

"Thanks, Patricia."

She left the room and Kyle got up and got dressed. He slipped on a tight black v-neck top, dark blue jeans and a pair of black boots and then wandered out to the balcony where Patricia and Lakshmi were having a break.

"Feel better after that?" Lakshmi asked.

"Yeah. Certainly eased the pain," He replied, lighting up. "How's it going with the schedule?"

"Well, we're trying to cut it down from insane to manic, but we'll have a better grip on it later," She replied, sounding pleased with herself.

Kyle took a seat. "If you can get it from manic to chilled, that would be awesome."

"On another note, your friends Casey and Ed will be here late tomorrow morning."

"Really?" Kyle smiled, then chuckled as he thought of how Ed would react to this place. "This could be fun. Hey, what about Margarita? When's she arriving?"

"Katie's friend? Late tonight, along with her sister."

"So two of them?"

"Yes," Lakshmi replied. "We're giving them the guest suites next to Katie's. Your friends are going in the one next to Kara's, above the bar."

"Okay. Did Kara invite anyone out?"

Lakshmi shook her head. "No, but I think that's one of the reasons why Katie's friends sister is coming out, although she didn't say so."

"Katie didn't?"

"No. I mean, no, she didn't say."

Kyle chuckled. "Anything else going on?"

"Oh, there's always something else going on, Kyle," Patricia said, smirking. "You should know that by now. How much do you want?"

He shrugged. "Give me anything you've got."

"Okay," She said, leaning forward. "Someone made an audio recording of your speech at the funeral and gave it to the press. The Wall Street Journal described it as hesitant and stuttery."

"It wasn't hesitant or stuttery at all," Kyle said quickly.

"And it wasn't naive or panicked at times either. The journalist who wrote it used to work for one of our magazines and got fired a few years ago. Since then he snipes at every opportunity he gets on anything regarding Mister Tripps," Patricia explained.

"Even his funeral? What an ass-hat."

"Yep. I spoke to your folks earlier and we're going to bring them down to LA for a couple of days when they're finished their hiking trip. They're having a great time, lots of photos, meeting nice people and apparently the air is really fresh."

Kyle chuckled. "No problems with them?"

"Nope, they're having a great time."

"Good to hear. I need to phone them more often," He said, feeling a pang of guilt that all this stuff was happening to him and he was barely giving them a moments thought.

"I've been keeping in regular contact with them, so don't worry too much. They know you're busy."

"Okay. What else?"

"Shmi?"

"Oh, that was mean," She protested as Patricia leaned her head back and laughed.

"What was?" Kyle asked, not getting the joke.

"She just gave me a... sensitive one to deal with," Lakshmi said, looking unhappy. "Okay, if you're going to be in LA for a couple of weeks, you're going to be attending a couple of film premieres, social events, parties. That kind of thing, right?"

"Yeah," Kyle nodded.

"So you need a date for them."

"I could always take you guys," Kyle suggested, meaning he would take Patricia.

"You can't," Lakshmi told him. "You can't sit us at a table with people and introduce one of us as your date, because they first thing they'll do is ask what we do, and then you're the guy who dates his assistants."

"Oh."

"Plus," Patricia added. "We can't get taken seriously if people think we're employed as girlfriends first, assistants second. Playboy bunnies with blackberry's, know what I mean?"

Kyle made an unhappy face. "So I can't socialise with you guys?"

"Yes, you can," Lakshmi replied. "But there are occasions when you'll need a date and so we've started a shortlist of suitable single women."

"You're picking out dates for me?" He raised an eyebrow as he looked at Patricia.

"Well, it's not set in stone that they'll agree, but we're looking for you to trim the list a bit and then we'll investigate our options from there," Lakshmi continued.

Kyle frowned. "Have you got it handy?" He asked, finding it absurd, especially considering Patricia had a hand in picking out the names.

"Later. We're still working on it."

"Oh. Okay."

"Anyway, it's time for dinner," Patricia announced. "Shall we?"

Dinner was fantastic.

The food was really good, as always, and Katie was really excited about the imminent arrival of her friends, chatting constantly to Kara about Margarita and her sister. Kyle told them a few stories about Ed and his crazy antics in the past, and everyone seemed quite relaxed in each others company. Most people had a few glasses of wine with the exception of Kyle who was in training and Patricia who everyone agreed should steer clear of alcohol for at least forty eight hours.

Peter brought up his challenge to a game of Call of Duty, and then everyone got involved, dispersing quickly to their various suites and rooms to get on the Islands network. Kyle picked up the X-box controller, finding it strange in his hands as he was used to a PS3 at home, but he could see the benefits on their choice of console on the Island. Peter had told him how they recorded the matches on a server, playing back particularly awesome kills or streaks in the bar afterwards, and Kyle was hoping to have some of his included.

He got his ass handed to him.

Kyle put it down to the controller being different and not being able to adapt quick enough, but he just couldn't seem to get the instinctive reactions to put the sight where he wanted it and have the trigger pressed before he got killed. Either that or Patricia and Lakshmi chatting while they worked behind him produced some strange gaming effect that made him a bullet-magnet.

After a particularly humiliating defeat where the match finished with him having two kills and twenty deaths he logged off and went outside. Kara was already sitting there, smoking his cigarettes and to his surprise, Katie was sitting next to her. He shut the door, not wanting to hear Patricia and Lashmi arguing over who he should lunch with next Thursday.

Kyle took his seat and lit up.

"How did it go?"

"Not my night," He grunted. "And Peter really is a freak. First game we played he was on my team. Thirty seven kills, one death."

"Is that good?" Katie asked.

"Freakish," Kyle replied.

"So, busy day," Kara noted.

"I know," Katie agreed. "Saying goodbye to the guests, meetings, shooting a gun, flying in a helicopter and we saw dolphins. And I've got a shoot with Johnny Depp! Way cool."

"I liked the dolphins," Kara agreed. "And I want to learn to fly a helicopter. And a plane. That looks like fun."

"Make sure you tell Garius. I'm sure they'll arrange it," Kyle said.

"Already have," She replied, then grinned at Kyle. "Big day for you, too."

"How do you mean?" He said, looking out to sea as he tried to hide his grin.

"Oh, come on, Kyle," Katie replied. "You're not exactly Mister Pokerface, and Patricia's been smiling all afternoon."

"Don't know what you're talking about," He muttered, getting a loud laugh from Kara.

"Plus, he got hit on this morning too," Katie added, grinning.

"Really? Who by?" Kara asked.

"The gorgeous Miss Theron."

"Really?"

"You keep saying that," Kyle protested. The two of them were enjoying his discomfort a little too much for his liking.

"Oh, come on, Kyle," Kara replied. "It's not like you're fugly or anything, but she's totally stunning."

"Have you got a bi side we don't know about?" He teased.

"Hey, if I had to choose a woman to get it on with, she'd be in the top ten," Kara replied, laughing. "And besides, how do you know I'm not a lesbian?"

"That's a good point," Kyle grinned. "Are you a lesbian?"

"Kyle!" Katie said. "You can't ask her that."

"Why not?"

"It's not polite."

"She is my sister," Kyle pointed out. "Kara?"

"Don't answer that, Kara," Katie said quickly. "In fact, tell him you're a lesbian. Then his friends won't hit on you every two minutes."



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 27
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"You sound like you know them," Kara said, looking at Katie, who turned her head away and took a sudden interest in her drink.

"Well?" Kyle asked, trying to divert her back to the lesbian question.

Kara rolled her eyes. "No. I'm not a lesbian, although I have a few dirty secrets from my stripping days. Truth is, I like guys too much."

Katie looked at her in surprise, but Kara continued.

"Anyway, you should know that, Kyle." She said, catching his eye. "After all, I did make you cum in your pants."

Her words hung in the air between the three of them. Kyle stared at her, while Katie's head turned like an owl, staring open-mouthed at her sister. Kara just shrugged and grinned.

"Yes, I remembered you," She told him. Kara turned her head to look at Katie. "And I know you were Julietta, because I was the girl Kyle thought was you."

"Um... what?" Katie said, stammering her words.

"Oh, come on," Kara said. "It's about time we got all this out in the open anyway. I did a lapdance for Kyle in Myrtle Beach when I was a stripper, and he got me all hot, so I made him cum. Then he went off to meet a girl who looked exactly like me, going under a fake name of Julietta? It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure it out, especially after seeing both your reactions down on the pier."

"Oh my fucking God," Katie muttered, covering her face with her hands.

Kyle shook his head. "I fucking knew you remembered me," He said softly, trying not laugh. "And you've known all this time?"

"As soon as I saw your photo I remembered you. Then I put two and two together and wondered if Katie was the girl you were going to hook up with. And you two did hook up, right?"

"We didn't know, same as me and you didn't know," Kyle pointed out.

"Kyle, I'm not retarded, and I'm not angry or anything. I just... I guess I just wanted you guys to know that I know. That I've known." Kara explained. "Sorry, Katie. I'm not trying to embarass you or anything."

"This is so dysfunctional," Katie said a moment later, causing Kyle to start laughing. Kara couldn't stop herself and Katie was grinning, despite her efforts to stop.

"Stop it," She said for the third time before Kyle and Kara got a grip of themselves. "This isn't funny, guys."

"No, it really isn't," Kyle agreed. "But it is kinda ridiculous."

"Yeah, the odds are kind of... miraculous, but that's not the right word either," Kara added.

"I think they'd need to invent a new word to describe this situation." Katie said quietly. "I could curl up in a ball right now."

"Poor Katie," Kara said, slipping her arm round her sister and giving her a squeeze.

Kyle smiled. It was the first time he'd seen her display any affection at all, and he was glad it was Katie who was the recipient after her words that morning.

"Well, the cat's well and truly out the bag now," Kara grinned. "Anything else I should know?"

"Not that I can think of," Kyle said a moment later.

Katie tilted her head and looked at him. "Kyle gives really good cuddles, Kara. You should try it some time."

"I'm not a cuddle type of girl."

"No, you don't understand," Katie said, but Kyle cut her off.

"I don't think it's so much me that gives good cuddles, Katie. I think it's you."

"Well if it's me, I've never had a cuddle as good off of anyone else, so that makes no sense," She argued.

"You sure?" He asked, frowning. "I'm not a guy for cuddles, but with you it was different. Like you kind of fit, know what I mean?"

"Jesus, will you two get a room?" Kara said, chuckling. "Oh, wait. You already did that."

Katie narrowed her eyes as Kyle tried not to laugh.

"Tomorrow, we're going to experiment with this, the three of us," Katie said firmly.

"No."

"Not me either," Kara said, holding up her free hand. "No cuddles, thanks."

"I don't care. I need to find out."

"Find out what?" Kyle said.

"If it's a womb thing," Katie replied. Kara looked confused while Kyle shook his head and grinned.

"Really, Katie? A womb thing?"

"Tomorrow," She repeated firmly. "It's happening. And if I'm right, you'll both really like it. If not, you've wasted two minutes by lying down and you'll have something to mock me about."

"Alright," Kara replied slowly. "But be warned, I will mock you mercilessly."

"Kyle, you're doing it too," Katie said.

"Why do all the women in my life boss me around?" He asked.

"Because we can," Kara laughed.

"And on that note," Kyle said, stubbing out his long-dead cigarette. "I'm going to bed."

"Try to get some sleep, Kyle," Kara teased.

"And don't make too much noise," Katie added. "You don't want to wake the neighbours."

"Hark at my witty sisters," He said as he got up. Feeling quite affectionate, he walked behind the two seater chair they were sharing and bent down, giving them both a kiss on the top of the head. "Night, girls."

"Night, Kyle," They said in unison, then burst out laughing.

It took another hour before Lakshmi quit on the schedule for the night, and Kyle had lain in bed, thinking about everything that was going on.

What would Mister Crowler discover, and if anything, why was Edwin lying to him? What was Sarah thinking by sneaking in here the other night? Why did Kara keep it a secret that she did remember him, and then just blurt it out in front of Katie too? All these questions and more spun around in his head, but one kept coming to the fore, above all else.

How much longer would it be before Patricia walked into the room?

She appeared in the doorway, a wicked smile on her face. "She's gone."

"Get in here," Kyle said, throwing back the sheet on the left side of the bed. He was naked under the right side and he could already feel himself growing in anticipation.

Patricia took a step forward and paused, then kicked off her heels, unfastened her grey trousers and let them fall to the floor, and as Kyle watched, she peeled her tight black top over her head.

Kyle let out a slow breath, seeing her standing there in a black bra and panties, and then his erection solidified as she unclasped the bra and dropped it to the floor. Her fingers slid over her breasts, rubbing the skin under them, casually tweaking her own nipples, and then she slipped her panties off.

"Get in here," He repeated, his voice thicker, huskier with arousal.

Her eyes held his as she walked around the bed and he could see the intensity there, the intention that matched his own. She slid into the bed, whipping the sheet off his own form and her eyes drifted down, seeing his cock standing proud and ready.

She licked her lips. "Very nice, Kyle."

He didn't reply, just grabbed her and kissed her. He heard Patricia's muffled moan as her arm snaked around his head, holding him in place as her tongue shot in his mouth.

Kyle rolled onto his side, half above her and he felt her legs widen, welcoming him, so he rolled further, his legs sliding over hers until he was between them. He broke for air, panting as she was, and he could see her eyes boring into his. He felt her hand grasp his cock, positioning it, readying it to go inside her.

"Please," She whispered, and he complied.

"Oh, fuck," He moaned as he slid inside her. He could feel how wet she was, how ready and he smiled. "You're soaking wet."

"For hours now," She admitted and Kyle smiled. He rocked his hips, moving his cock inside her, loving how her mouth opened and her eyes rolled back in her head.

"You've been thinking about me?" He rocked his hips again.

"Thinking about this," She replied. "About you inside me again."

"And?"

"And I want you to fuck me," She whispered.

Kyle rocked his hips once more, grinning as he watched her reaction. He waited until she was just about to say something else then rocked again, teasing her.

As she was about to try and repeat her words he kissed her and began to pump his erection inside her, drawing back with his hips and pushing inside her once more. He was amazed at how she felt inside, as if he could feel her gripping him, squeezing him, and almost caressing his cock as it moved back and forth, coating him with her natural moisture.

Kyle kept it up, firm and steady, and his head slipped down to her breast. His mouth sought out and found first one nipple, then the other, sucking each one into his mouth, catching the stiff little nub between his lips or teeth, teasing and tasting each one as his hips rolled back and forth between her spread legs.

"Oh, fuck," Patricia moaned in his ear. "Please. Harder."

He pumped his hips as she asked, fucking her with more energy, more intensity, and she shook her head.

"Nipples. Harder," She whispered.

Kyle's eyes widened a little at that, but he sucked one of them back in his mouth, really sucking hard at it now and he felt her chest rise in response. Her hand clasped the back of his head, lacing her fingers through his hair, holding him against her.

He released her from his mouth and then sought out her hard little nipple and caught it between his teeth.

"Yes," She moaned, her own hips beginning to rise, matching each thrust into her.

Kyle pulled on her nipple with his teeth, not biting but using them to pull on it and she moaned.

"Harder."

His eyes slid up to watch her, seeing her eyes closed, her lip between her own teeth as her body rocked against the pillow. He set his teeth against her nipple, increasing the pressure a little and her mouth opened in a silent cry, but her hand in his hair increased it's pressure, holding him to her breast.

He squeezed a little tighter on her nipple and she gasped, moaned and nodded. Kyle hadn't been asked to bite a womans nipples during sex before, but he could see the sheer pleasure she got from it, so he began to pull on her tightly clamped little nub.

"Oh fuck, yes!"

Kyle held her nipple between his teeth, keeping the pressure on it as he pulled, lifting her breast. He worked his hips harder now, seeing the pleasure on her face and wanting to take her to orgasm, and she responded to his harder thrusts, her own hips tilting to welcome him as her free hand began to pinch at her other nipple.

It only took moments before she came, and it was a joy to behold for him. Her back arched, her head rolled back in the pillow and as her rapid breathing peaked, he let go of her nipple and slammed inside her, grinding his pelvis against her to get friction on her clit.

She exploded, panting and trembling as her orgasm thundered through her. Her wet pussy clenched and squeezed on his cock, her legs held tight to him, keeping him in place. Kyle lifted himself up on his hands so he could watch her. The rosy glow on her cheeks, the flushed colour that appeared on her chest and the way it rose and fell, the way her stomach tensed and relaxed with each breath, all were captivating sights to him.

Eventually her eyes popped open and she saw him watching her. She pulled him down into an embrace, his cock still deep inside her and kissed his cheek.

"Oh, that was fun," She said softly, wrapping her arms around him.

"So you like getting your nipples bit, huh?" He said a moment later, grinning.

"I like a lot of things," She told him, catching his eye. "Tip of the iceberg, Kyle. Did you cum?"

"Not yet."

"I'll fix that." She replied, smirking. Kyle felt her twisting under him, and he moved with her, rolling onto his back. She slid off his cock and kissed him, and then she was on her knees beside him, turning her body and she took him in her mouth.

Kyle groaned.

She worked fast, her head bobbing up and down on his cock like a piston, her lips locked around him like a perfect fit.

Kyle's hands moved, one knotting itself in her hair, the other lifting to her ass, running over the smooth skin and probing for her pussy. As his fingertips found her wetness he gasped, feeling his cock pressing against the back of her mouth.

Patricia paused for a second, taking in a couple of deep breaths as she moved her hips a little closer to him and then Kyle gasped again as he felt his cock slide deeper inside her than it had before.

"Oh fuck," He grunted, revelling in the sensation of being deep throated for the first time in his life. He knew it was a special moment, knew that despite what you see in porn, very few girls liked the thought of gagging on a cock, and even fewer were able to supress their gag reflex, yet Patricia had taken him down with ease, something no girlfriend of his had ever done.

She slid back up, then pumped her head up and down a couple of times, taking him deep inside her each time.

"You like that?" She asked a moment later as she paused for breath.

"Oh yes," Kyle grunted. "Fuck, yes."

She was back on him again immediately, her head bobbing up and down, fucking him with her mouth and throat. Kyle pumped his hips, an unconscious movement drawn from the pleasure she was giving him and she moaned.

Her hands slid under his buttocks, pulling at him to do it again and he did, pushing his cock into her mouth as her head slid down, and she moaned again.

Kyle's groping hand found her pussy and he rammed two fingers inside her, curving them to try and reach that little rough spot he'd found women enjoyed.

Patricia pushed her head a little further forward as she plunged her mouth down on him, welcoming the thrust of his hips, and as he began to rapidly pump his fingers in and out of her pussy, she thrust her ass up in the air, welcoming it.

She began to moan as he thrust into her pussy, into her mouth, and Kyle was bucking his hips. He barely noticed that she had given up bobbing her head up and down, happy to accept his cock as it fucked her, just as she accepted his fingers.

His balls began to tingle, and he groaned, breathing deeper.

Patricia's hands on his ass tightened, helping him thrust into her as her moans became one long, drawn-out moan.

Kyle could feel his own orgasm rushing forward, ruining his concentration, making his plunging fingers erratic, and Patricia must have sensed it as she suddenly began to bob her head again, sucking hard at him too.

"I'm gonna cum," He gasped, knowing it was imminent, feeling how his cock stood rigid in anticipation.

Patricia rammed her face down on his cock.

Kyle's back arched as he came. His fingers jammed inside her. His hips thrust upwards and he could feel her chin pressing into his pelvis.

Patricia moaned and Kyle knew she could feel his cum pumping out his cock, first one spurt, then a second.

"Fuck," Kyle moaned, panting like crazy.

Patricia's head slid back up his cock, keeping him in her mouth as he pulsed out cum inside her, and she moaned as she tasted it, the feeling so erotic and exquisite that Kyle closed his eyes and groaned in pleasure.

After what felt like an eternity, his cock finally stopped pumping, and his body began to relax and Kyle, floored by the intensity of his orgasm, lay on the bed, breathing heavily.

Patricia sucked on his sensitive tip, making him flinch, and then she released him and sat upright at his side.

His fingers slid free of her pussy, and Kyle opened his eyes as she turned to look at him, wanting him to watch as she swallowed his cum into her tummy.

Patricia smiled, looking very pleased with herself. "You came," She said, grinning. "Hard."

"You're awesome," He panted. "Best blowjob. Ever."

"Oh, I think we'll be able to top that soon enough," She chuckled.

Kyle patted the bed beside him, but before she lay down, Patricia grabbed the sheet and dragged it over them both as she snuggled in beside him.

"You're quite the kink," Kyle murmured a few minutes later, his breathing now relatively normal.

"This girl has got skills," Patricia grinned, looking at him.

"I believe you." Kyle smiled as he wondered what else was in store for him.

"And just so you know, for future reference," Patricia said, pausing to lick his nipple. "If you feel the need to play with my ass a bit, you go right ahead."

"You like your ass played with?" Kyle asked, raising his head.

"Love it," She admitted. "Or do you think that's too dirty?"

"Fuck, no," Kyle smiled. "That's kinky as fuck. I'll be remembering that."

"Yay." She replied in her best girlie voice. "We nearly had the butt-sex tonight you know."

"What?" Kyle asked, startled.

She kissed his chest. "I really wanted to taste you though. Besides, I'm a patient girl. I can wait until tomorrow."

Kyle laughed and kissed her forehead. "Tomorrow's only a few hours away."

"Then you better get some sleep, Mister."

She rolled over onto her side, facing away from him, then bumped him repeatedly with her ass until he got the hint and spooned in behind her. His arm slid over her stomach and she pulled it up until it rested under her breasts.

"That's better," She murmured. "Oh, Kyle?"

"Yeah?"

"Turn off the light, please."

Edwin

"You... Why are you DOING THIS TO ME!" He bellowed, staring at the recording from Kyle's bedroom.

He stood upright and kicked hard at the waste paper bin, smashing it hard against the wall and turned back to stare at Patricia on the screen, coupling with.. him.

"You're meant to be mine!"

Edwin shook his head, wanting nothing more than to go upstairs and throw that upstart man off the Island and take his Patricia for himself, as he should have done long ago. As he stared at the screen, his chest heaving, he knew that it wouldn't work.

"You have to think, Edwin," He told himself. "You're smart, you've got the resources you need and you have the material to ensure when those incest-freaks leave, your Patricia stays here. Now think, work the problem. How to split them up?"

He paced back and forth in the small room, discarding idea after idea until he knew what he had to do.

"Provide evidence of him cheating on her, without exposing the system here. Temptation is what he needs. That and a sneaky video recording that can just happen to fall into my Patricia's hands, and I can be there to console her when he leaves her behind."

He smiled, a wicked and cunning expression that would have shocked many of the people who knew him. Their impression of the bumbly, snobby English gentleman who quietly got on with his work was exactly what he wanted them to think.

His gaze turned back to the screen.

"You will be mine."

Kyle

Kyle woke hard, knowing it was Patricia's hand around his erection, feeling her ass pressing back into his hips.

He could feel the tip of his cock pressing against her and then she opened up and he slid in.

"That's her ass," He realised as his tip moved in.

She gasped in the darkness, breathing fast and then he felt her press once more, taking him in a little more, slowly inching him inside.

"Holy fuck, she's tight," He thought.

Kyle could feel the slipperyness of a lubricant coating her, coating him as he crept inside her and he felt a thrill inside him, knowing that she'd readied herself while he slept.

"Kink," He whispered and felt her stiffen.

"Good morning, Kyle," She whispered back. "How's this for a new wake-up technique?"

He pushed forward a little, feeling how unbelievably tight she was and he heard her gasp again.

"I like it."

He felt her push back again, increasing the pressure as she pushed back against his cock, and he felt her ass give as she took the rest of him inside her.

She moaned and Kyle could hear the mixture of pain and pleasure in her voice, a beautiful sound that made him hornier than he was already.

He pulled slowly, sliding his cock back half an inch and then slowly rocked it forward again. He knew from the little experience he had with anal sex that going fast at the start was not a good thing.

"Easy," She whispered. "For now."



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 28
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Kyle grinned. "And later?"

"Hard as you like," She replied, and Kyle felt his cock twitch in anticipation.

He felt her hand reach behind him, holding him inside her and then he felt her move, pulling at him to go with her. It was clumsy, a little awkward, but then he was on top of her, Patricia face down on the bed, Kyle face down on top of her, his cock still inside her tight ass.

"Slowly," She whispered. "Please."

Kyle nodded in the darkness, then grinned as he realised she wouldn't have seen it. He lay down on top of her, brushed the hair from her face and neck and then began to slide his hips up, drawing his cock back an inch or two inside her.

He could feel her gripping him, that extraordinary sensation that made anal sex so unique and then he pushed. She moaned, and as he drew back he felt her slip a hand under her body, reaching for her pussy.

Kyle repeated the maneuver again, and then a third time, loving how she panted and moaned beneath him and then he felt her ass relax just a fraction, as if her body was announcing she was ready to be fucked now.

He slid back and forth in one smooth movement, feeling the difference, knowing he didn't need to be as careful or cautious now.

"Do me," She told him, her voice thick with desire and lust.

Kyle placed his head on hers and kissed her cheek. "Kink."

He drew back his hips, sliding his cock nearly all the way out, and then she stiffened as he pushed it firmly back inside her.

Her grunt sounded like music in his ears, and Kyle grinned. "You like that?"

"Yes."

He did it again, withdrawing and thrusting deep. He could feel her tense with each thrust.

"More."

Kyle grinned, feeling horny beyond belief, and he did, thrusting into her repeatedly, loving how tight she was, how smooth it felt inside her, and how he could feel her body tensing and stiffening as he fucked her ass.

"Hard, Kyle," She grunted a few seconds later. "Hard as you like, please."

He loved how she said please when it was something she really wanted, and he loved how the more time they spent together, the more he discovered about her dirty, kinky side. The knowledge spurred him on and he gritted his teeth.

Kyle fucked her ass. There was no holding back, no careful or cautious control. He gave in to the animal side that everyone has, rutting like a beast on top of the beautiful blonde woman beneath him.

She responded, loved it. Patricia began to grunt noises, some of them unintelligible, some positive words to express her pleasure. Her hand clawed at the bed, grabbed his hand in a vicelike grip and she sucked his fingers in her mouth.

Kyle growled above her, experiencing this primal, carnal lust for the first time, revelling in the complete abandon of everything except the need to fuck her as hard as he could.

Patricia came beneath him, gasping and moaning loudly, her hips bucking as her body writhed, yet he never relented.

His hips pistoned up and down, drilling her ass, and he adjusted position, wrapping his arms around her, pinning her own to her sides, immobilising her beneath him as he sought to fuck her into oblivion.

"Fuck," She panted, over and over, like a prayer of desperate pleasure as he pummelled her ass, fucking her as fast as he could, deep and hard.

He felt his balls begin to tighten, felt his cock thicken and he knew he was going to cum.

He lowered his mouth to her ear, and growled, "I'm gonna cum in your ass."

"Please," Patricia replied quickly, her voice sounding full of desperate desire. "Yes. Please."

It only took half a dozen more thrusts and then he was buried inside her, pinning her down, his body taught as his cock twitched and jerked inside her, holding himself still so she could feel it shooting cum into her ass.

"Oh, fuck, Kyle," She panted, gasping for air as she pushed back with her ass, trying to take that extra millimetre inside her. "Yes. I can feel you."

He was breathing hard, his head inches from her face, each breath coming out as a growl or pleasure, even after his cock stopped shooting inside her.

"Oh my," Patricia panted. "Kyle, that was..."

Her words slowly brought him back to where he was, as if saying his name had somehow pulled back the man he was and put the animal back in it's cage where it belonged.

"Are you alright, Patricia?" He asked gently. "Did I hurt you or anything?" Kyle braced himself to slide his cock out of her, but he felt her feet slip up, holding him in place.

"Kyle Watson," She said into the darkness, her tone full of wonder. "That was incredible."

He panted, relieved that he hadn't hurt her. He'd never fucked anyone like that in his entire life. He lay there on top of her and his lips slid to the back of her neck, kissing her gently as his cock softened.

"Oh, that's nice," She murmured.

Kyle felt a touch of sadness as his cock gradually shrunk and slid out of her, easing out of her ass as it resumed its natural position.

"Best wake up call ever," He whispered. "Thank you, Patricia. That was.. amazing."

"Thank you," She replied, rolling her shoulder so she could half-turn and kiss him.

Kyle felt his cock slide away from her ass and he grinned, knowing she was too at the sticky mess he'd left behind. He felt her hand slip behind her and knew that she was checking it out.

He heard her giggle and then she kissed him. "Showers for both of us, I think."

"Good idea."

"And then you're off to meet Julian," She reminded him, giggling as he suddenly collapsed on top of her.

"I'm too tired," He muttered. "You've kept me up all night, abusing me."

She laughed. "You'll get over it."

Julian worked him hard, relentlessly torturing his muscles systematically one at a time until he was ready to quit, but Kyle made it through his workout, emerging on the other side of it as a sweaty, quivering mess. He took a few minutes to recover and then slowly walked back up to the house.

He entered the suite as Patricia emerged from the shower, gave her a kiss and laughed weakly as she shooed him away, calling him 'sweaty and sticky and not in a good way'.

Kyle slid into the blue-green hot water in the bath, groaning in pleasure. The coloured water and the mixture of salts that Patricia sorted out always seemed to ease him after each workout, even if it was only for a short time.

"You getting in?" He asked, hearing her re-enter the bathroom. He opened his eyes and saw she was dressed in a charcoal business suit, a matching skirt and jacket with a white top underneath.

"Nope. Not this morning," She replied as she moved to the mirror to fix her makeup. "Besides, I don't want to tire you out."

"How's your..." He began and glanced down, earning a chuckle from her.

"Well, I know I've been fucked, if that's what you're asking," She replied, flashing him a grin. "That was fun."

"It was," He nodded. "I know I keep saying it, but you're quite the kink."

"I'm not going to burst into tears if you call me other names in the heat of the moment, you know," She added, doing her mascara.

Kyle laughed and put his head back. "You like being called names?"

"Sometimes," She admitted calmly. "Like this morning. If you'd called me your little slut that would have been hot."

"Yeah?"

"Or last night, if you'd called me your cock-sucking whore." She shrugged, her concentration on her makeup. "If you want to, of course?"

"If you like it, then I'm fine with it," Kyle said, grinning. "Anything else I should know?"

"I think you're getting the general idea of what I'm into," Patricia said. "Feel free to be a bit more masculine, dominant with me."

"Like grab you, pin you down, shit like that?"

"Sure," She nodded, and Kyle had the funny feeling he wasn't quite getting the point. "Spanking?" He guessed.

She winked at him in the mirror.

"Maybe I should get some rope or something," He grinned.

"Now you're talking," She replied, a wicked smile on her face. "I've got some toys, if you want to play around with them too?"

Kyle shrugged. "Fuck it, why not. I'll try anything once."

"Anything?" She asked, grinning in amusement.

"Okay, not anything," He admitted. "But I get the feeling you would."

She shrugged and turned back to the mirror. Before she could reply they were interrupted by Lakshmi calling. "Morning, Kyle, Trish."

"Morning, Shmi," Patricia called. "We're back here."

"What is it with me being in the bath?" Kyle muttered. He made sure the water covered him before Lakshmi arrived and then sighed. She walked in, dressed in a pair of black trousers with a matching blouse and jacket. Her hair was pinned up on top and hung straight down her back.

"Morning," She said, grinning as she saw Kyle was in the bath and Patricia was finishing her makeup in the same bathroom.

"Hey, Lakshmi," Kyle said. He lifted a hand from under the water and gave her a wave. "I'm in the bath."

"Yeah, I can see that," She said. "So is this going to be an ongoing thing? Meetings in the bath?"

"I hope not. Have we got a meeting now?" He asked.

"No, just wanted to drop off the dating shortlist and let you know Katie's guests have arrived." She pulled a piece of paper out the folder in her hand and waved it at him.

"That the list?"

"Do you want to wait until you get out the water?"

"Em, yeah. Probably a better idea," He nodded. "Margarita and her sister are here?"

"Katie's showing them their rooms now."

Patricia put her makeup down beside the sink and took the list out of Lakshmi's hand. Kyle watched her, frowning as she traced her finger down over it.

"These last three?" She asked.

"Late additions," Lakshmi replied. "I did some research last night. I've taken a few off the list too, online rumours they're dating someone."

"Who are we talking about here?" Kyle asked. While the idea of going on fake dates seemed pretty stupid to him what with his situation with Patricia, he was getting curious to see what names were on the list.

"After breakfast," Patricia told him. "We'll go pick you out some clothes."

The two women left the bathroom and Kyle sighed, wondering how much more weird his life could get.

Breakfast was a lot of fun. Margarita shook hands with him as if she'd never laid eyes on him, and her sister, Louisa, seemed really nice too, a slightly shorter version but with the same killer body. Kyle knew Casey would be drowning in his own saliva when he set his eyes on Margarita again, and it was all he could do not to laugh at the thought.

Katie did a good job of including Kara in the conversations as she told her friends of life on the Island, and Margarita and Louisa told them of what it was like in New York with the press calling them, emailing them, and how they'd been in a cafe yesterday when Katie's face had popped up on TV with the photos of Charlize Theron, and how some random woman at the table next to them claimed to know her quite well.

"So what did you say?" Kara had asked.

Margarita turned in her chair, acting it out. "Really, because I'm her best friend and I've never seen you before in my life." Her ponytail wagged as she delivered the words. Then she lifted her phone and flipped it open, showing a wallpaper picture of her and Katie. "There's my proof. Where's yours?"

Katie burst out laughing, while Louisa told them how the woman had shut up instantly and then whispered to her friend that it was a secret thing.

"People are lame," Margarita had concluded.

They didn't get much time to talk after that as there was a lot to do. Kara was continuing the scheduling meeting with Peter and Garius while Katie and Heidi were giving a tour of the Island to Margarita and Louisa, and Kyle went upstairs with Patricia and Lakshmi to get their own work done.

"Right, first off, I want to see this list," Kyle said bluntly as he sat on the balcony. Patricia raised her eyebrow and handed him the sheet of paper.

"It's just a first pass, remember."

Kyle's eyes widened as read the names on the page. It was like an FHM top twenty women list, every guys fantasy.

"You're serious?" He asked, looking up.

"Why not?" Patricia replied. "We're looking for someone high profile, someone that will give you credibility and instant recognition, as well as get you in the papers."

"And how the hell am I supposed to do this? Just send a fan email to their website asking them on a date?" Kyle asked, shaking his head. It wasn't that he objected to the thought of a date with anyone on the list. They were all stunning and he'd love to meet any of them, but they were so far out his league it was unbelievable.

Patricia rolled her eyes, but Lakshmi sat down opposite him. "We arrange things so you guys meet and you get a chance to talk to whoever it is. Like asking them in for a meeting with your production company, or the magazine offices. You just happen to be there, bump into them, chat for a bit and then ask them to accompany you to an event."

"So I've got to try and get one of these women to go on a date with me?" Kyle laughed. "Yeah, you might as well tear this list up right now."

"We can always go through their publicist if need be," Lakshmi added. "Mister Tripps dated a lot of different women, so we've got a lot of practice arranging little introductions over the years."

"Can we go through the names on the list now, Kyle?" Patricia asked. "If you're quite done with your mini-diva moment."

"Diva moment?" Kyle said, staring at her. She shrugged as her cellphone rung and she glanced down at the screen.

"I've got to take this," She announced then disappeared inside.

"Was I having a diva moment?" Kyle asked Lakshmi, who just smiled at him.

"I'm sure she was joking. Now, first name on the list if you please?"

Kyle glanced down. Eva Green.

"Well respected actress, a little bit.. bohemian. She's also French, so she's an option for the reserve list, if you like?" Lakshmi informed him.

"I know who she is," Kyle nodded. He'd seen her in plenty films as well as the recent series of Camelot. "Wasn't she a bond girl?"

"Yeah. Yes or no?"

"What? Just like that?"

"Think of it as trimming the list down a bit," She suggested, spreading her hands.

"Okay, sure," Kyle said. "Although it's never gonna happen, with any of these names."

"We'll see," The Indian girl grinned. "Next, Mila Kunis."

"I'd be a moron to say no, but again, way out my league."

"Okay, and for your information, no-one has you in any league yet. That's why the board is wide open. So that's a yes then?"

"Yes."

"Good. Next, Jessica Biel?"

"Smoking hot, loved her in Blade Trinity, but isn't she dating Justin Timberlake?" Kyle asked.

"It's a bit dubious, and no-one's really sure," Lakshmi explained. "Want me to investigate?"

"No. I'm thinking if it's dubious it's because they're trying to keep it quiet."

"In LA? She could be doing him a favour," Lakshmi suggested. "Like a beard."

"A what?"

"A beard. When a gay man dates a woman to give the impression he's straight," She explained.

Kyle chuckled. "After the last few days nothing would surprise me."

"Want me to shortlist her?"

"If she's dating him, she'll say no," Kyle thought aloud. "And if she's doing him a favour then she'd still say no, right?"

"I guess," Lakshmi admitted.

"Then that's a damn shame, but there's no point, so no."

"Okay. Emma Watson?"

"Hermione Granger?"

"That's her," Lakshmi nodded.

Kyle frowned. "No. Whenever I see her on TV or in the press I just see the little girl. Too weird."

Lakshmi chuckled. "Okay, What about Rihanna?"

"Nutjob. No."

"You sure? She's single, really huge at the minute and hot too."

"No. I like her music, but there's something scary about her."

"Okay, Hayden Panetierre?" Lakshmi suggested. "She likes to date sports guys, and there's nothing definite about her dating anyone just now. What do you think?"

Kyle shook his head. "Schoolgirl thing again, from Heroes. Bit weird."

"Alright. What about a hot mom? Kate Winslet?"

"Isn't she like Connors best friend or something?" Kyle asked.

"Yeah, they're close. She's apparently really nice."

"No, I like the guy but I don't want to piss him off."

"Oh, I don't think he'll mind."

"Yeah, but I don't know. I just don't see it."

"Okay, we'll move on," Lakshmi nodded. "Leighton Meester?"

Kyle frowned. "Wasn't there a whole load of shit about her taking legal action against her own mother or something?"

"Yeah. She's dated a few people this year too, but no-one at present."

"Sounds like a bit of a budding Lindsay Lohan. Let's give that one a miss too," Kyle replied. "You know this sounds completely insane in my head, right?"

Lakshmi smiled. "I bet it does. Kaley Cuoco? Wait, she's engaged, so no. What about Evan Rachel Wood?"

"Who's that again?" Kyle asked.

"She played the Vampire Queen in True Blood, and she was in Mildred Pierce with Kate Winslet."

"Oh, yeah. She's quite hot."

"She could be dating Jamie Bell, so I'll check that out."

Kyle shook his head. "Leave it for now. We can always come back to her if we need to."

"Okay," She nodded. "Next up, Ellen Page?"

"The little girl from X-Men? No."

"She's twenty four, Kyle."

Kyle made a face. "Still, you see her picture, you see that little kid. Or Juno."

"So no?"

"No."

"Okay. Patricia says you'll like the next one," Lakshmi smiled. "Missy Peregrym?"

He grinned. "She's right. That's a yes."

"And the last one, Charlotte Sullivan. Plays Peck on Rookie Blue."

"Hell, yes. She's hot too," Kyle replied. "Any more names on that list for now?"

"That's it," Lakshmi said, running through her notes. "So we've got Eva Green, Mila Kunis, Missy Peregrym and Charlotte Sullivan."

"Only four?" Kyle asked, surprised. "At least four knockbacks won't kill my ego too much, I guess."

"We'll do some digging and make a few calls, see what we can find out."

"Cool," He nodded. "It would be cool to just meet them."

"I'm going to get prepped for the schedule stuff. Do you want a coffee or a drink or something?"

Kyle shook his head and Lakshmi disappeared inside. He took the opportunity for a quick smoke, waving to Katie, Margarita and Louisa as they headed out.

"Hey, how did it go?" Patricia asked, reappearing from her phone call.

"Got it down to four names."

"That's a start," She grinned.

"So I threw a... what was it?"

"Mini-diva moment," She told him. "And you know you did."

"You don't think it's a bit weird that you of all people are picking out a list of people for me to date?" He asked.

"Why?" I know you're going to have to go out on dates. It's no big deal."

"Even though we're...." He wasn't sure how to finish the sentence. He didn't know if they were dating, seeing each other, just friends or if it was something more serious.

"We're..." She grinned. "What?"

"I don't know," Kyle said, shaking his head. "We should probably talk about it."

"So we can put a label on it and use it to define us?" She asked. "Let's not worry about it just now, okay?"

"So right now we're just friends and colleagues who fuck each others brains out?" He asked, chuckling.

"You're putting labels on it," She pointed out.

He chuckled and shook his head. "As long as you're happy, I'm fine."

She leaned forward and lowered her voice. "Did you know every time I walk I can feel my ass reminding me what you did to it." Patricia winked at him. "I'm perfectly happy."

Kyle grinned. "Glad I could be of service."

"I'll take you up on that later," She smirked, then got up to join Lakshmi in the suite.

Kyle finished his cigarette, sighed and got back to work.

The scheduling proved to be a pain in the ass, as they had each day down to different options of meetings or visits or events, often conflicting and sometimes with four or five different options for either morning, afternoon or evening. It took until nearly eleven o'clock before Patricia sent Kyle downstairs for a meeting with Katie, Kara and Connor Grant to identify Heads of Detail for their bodyguard teams.




Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 29
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Katie and Kara were already waiting for him, chatting with Connor when he got there, and he'd already been briefed on the plans for the next couple of weeks and the tentative months ahead.

The Scotsman was all business as he gave them each a profile, his recommendation for who should run their detail. To Kyle's disappointment, the name on his page wasn't Connor Grant.

"How come you're not doing it?" He asked.

"My team's set up for a different role," He explained. "We only take on clients who are under a specific threat. High-risk work, but we're bloody good at it. None of you fit my criteria."

"I'd be happier if you were running my detail," Kyle said. "How about it?"

"Cheers, but no. Your schedule's a bit too bread and butter for me." The Scotsman shrugged. "I like the pressure of the imminent threat. You need a janitor."

"A what?"

"A janitor. Caretaker. Someone to keep things running smooth. That would do my nut in."

"You like the chaos?" Kara guessed.

"That and the imminent threat. I like the pressure, the competitiveness. Plus, the paparazzi and I don't exactly get along, so they try and piss me off. Sometimes it works. You need someone else," He finished. "Cheers anyway though."

Kyle glanced down, reading the profile before him. Kevin Bannon, aged fifty one, former Marine and FBI, with fourteen years experience working close protection. He'd run his own team for the last nine years. Kyle looked up. "So this is the guy?"

Connor nodded. "I worked with him a few years back in New York. Very slick, very smart, good at reading people and he manages his team well. He's a solid choice."

"And mine?" Katie asked.

"All three of them," Connor replied. "I know them all personally, and they all run good teams. They'll look after you, no problems."

Kyle frowned, a little disappointed that he wasn't able to get Connor for himself, but if this Kevin guy was as good as the Scotsman said he was, then he figured he'd be fine.

"So what happens now? Do we call them, or are you doing it?" Kyle asked.

"If you guys all approve the choices then I'll get things set up for you. Least I can do to thank you for your hospitality."

"And if they don't work out?" Kyle asked.

Connor smiled. "Then bin them. Get somebody else in. Give me a call and I'll get you a few numbers."

Katie and Kara nodded, so Kyle agreed and Connor got up to leave.

"Wait, I need a word," Kyle said, walking out the door with him.

"Is it a written word?" Connor said quietly. Kyle patted his pockets for a pen, and found his phone. He quickly tapped out a message.

E said no. Crowler thinks yes. Waiting on word.

Connor deleted the message then tapped out his own.

Keep me posted. Going to check out E myself. Suspicious.

Kyle nodded, deleted the message and headed back inside. While Patricia and Lakshmi kept trying to get the schedule down from insane to manic, striving for snowed-under, Kyle got his gym stuff on. As he was on his way out the door, Patricia warned him that Casey and Ed would be a few more hours getting in.

"How come?"

"I meant to tell you earlier. Your friend, Ed, was three hours late for the flight. Apparently his limo broke down and it took a while to fix it."

Kyle wondered if it was Caroline that was driving Ed's limo. He knew she'd been teasing Ed mercilessly for days, sending him pictures and messages, and Ed was desperate to meet up with her. If there was a three hour delay, it didn't seem likely that the limo was broken, unless it was the suspension.

He nodded and headed for the gym.

Julian's workout with him was a little easier than the one that morning, and he was done within half an hour. As he emerged from the gym, a member of the fitness staff said there had been a call for him from Mister Crowler and could he go down to the pier to meet him immediately.

Kyle nodded, frowning, and walked the short distance, seeing George Crowler sitting waiting for him in one of the Islands speedboats. He hopped on board.

"You wanted to see me, George?"

"Glad you're here, Kyle. Let's get going for our boat ride round the Island, shall we?" The lawyer replied, giving Kyle an intense look. "If you could just unfasten those ropes, please?"

Kyle nodded, wondering what the old man had to say that he wanted to go out on a boat to do it, and he unfastened the two mooring ropes from the cleats on the pier. He took a seat as George revved the engine up and then the long sleek boat pulled away from the pier, heading out to sea.

"So what's going on then, George? What did you find?"

"There's something going on here, Kyle," The old man said as he turned the boat a couple of hundred metres out from the Island. "I've been through Danny's private banking and had my people pull out any one-off payments to construction companies between when the Island was bought and the main house was built, and they found one, an Indian company that specialises in home security."

"So you think they were brought in to build a safehouse somewhere?" Kyle guessed.

"Exactly. Now by my reasoning, it must be underground, as otherwise the company who built the main house, or any of the other buildings would have it in their plans, correct?"

"Makes sense," Kyle said, bracing himself as they bounced over a wave.

"So Edwin tells you there is no secure facility on the Island, yet Danny pays a company who specialises in building them from his own personal account at the time one would be built."

"So there must be one there, so Edwin's lying then?" Kyle said. "Why?"

"There's only two reasons I can think of," The lawyer replied. "He's either hiding something in there, or he wants to keep the facility for himself. That brings me to the reason we have the boat for our discussion, Kyle."

"What? Are you gonna tell me the rooms are bugged now?" He joked.

"I believe, knowing Danny as I did, that there was no way he would lock himself into a steel box without some way of knowing what was going on outside. He always thought several steps ahead and contingency planned constantly. He always, always had an exit strategy."

"So what are you saying?"

"You understand I have little evidence to support this?" The old man said and took a deep breath. "I believe there may be hidden recording devices, either audio or video on the Island, and I believe Edwin is using this safe room to view you and your sisters in an effort to collate private information on you. My guess is he'll use it in some form of extortion or blackmail."

Kyle felt sick, like he'd just eaten a dozen burritos and been kicked in the stomach.

"And bearing in mind the questions you asked me about legal representation when we first met, am I right in saying that there are secrets you hold that you would prefer kept from the world?"

"Fuck," Kyle muttered. "Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

"I'll take that as a yes," The lawyer replied. "Now, I don't need to know what they are, even though you're my client and I couldn't reveal anything, even if I daresay I could hazard a guess or two. The question is have you verbally or physically implicated yourself, or have your sisters"?

Kyle immediately remembered the conversation he'd had on his balcony last night with Katie and Kara, the individual conversations they'd had and the several conversations he'd had with Patricia about it too.

"Fuck."

"Have you committed any criminal offences, Kyle?"

He shook his head. "I... don't know, actually. I think... fuck it. I met Kara three years ago when she was a stripper and she gave me a lapdance. Then I met Katie at a club and we slept together. None of us knew we were related, and since then we've done nothing."

The old man's brow furrowed as he thought. "Has there been any... physical contact between you since then?"

"No." Kyle replied quickly. "I did hug Katie in her bed the first night we got here, but I was on top of the covers and dressed."

"Have you discussed your... history?"

"Individually with Katie, same with Kara, and then last night the three of us spoke about it."

"Hmm," The old man muttered.

"Oh, and I told Patricia about it. You said I could trust her," He reminded him. "She got someone to do a little digging into the friends that were with us on Spring Break. My buddies are cool. In fact they're arriving here any time, but two of Katie's friends might be problematic, so we got some info on them."

"And what happened to them?"

"One of them has a sick kid, so we're helping her out with her medical bills and expenses. The other girl has some history of drugs and stuff. Videos too I think. She's was working at a law firm but now she's working for us with a massive pay rise. Both of them have signed agreements not to say anything."

"So potentially you could be open to extortion or blackmail, bribery and investigated for incest too?" George asked bluntly.

"Fuck my life," Kyle muttered. "Maybe."

"Even if there are no criminal proceedings, simply leaking recordings of the conversations would be enough to force you to resign from any positions you may hold in the future, destroy your credibility, or instigate political hearings. It could also potentially destroy your companies."

Kyle slumped into his seat, craving a cigarette, a bottle of tequila or anything that would numb his brain.

"Is there anything else you can tell me about what's happened on the Island? Anything strange that's occurred since you arrived?"

"Fuck, everything's been strange, George. This whole place is bizarre." He shook his head, then looked up sharply as a memory appeared. "A few nights ago one of the staff sneaked into my room and had sex with me. I thought it was someone else."

"Did they drug you, anything like that?"

"No. Just.. well, they fucked me then gave me a..."

"Yes, yes, yes. I get the picture," The lawyer said, holding up a hand. "Do you happen to know who? Or why?"

"Well, I'm pretty certain it was Sarah, the masseuse. The thing is, I'd never laid eyes on her before," Kyle explained.

"And she just appeared in your suite and propositioned you?"

"No," Kyle replied, shaking his head. "No, I'd been flirting with Patricia and she went to her bed. Then when it was dark this girl joined me in bed, held her finger to my lips to be quiet and then we had sex. I thought it was Patricia, but when we finished she ran off."

"So what was her motivation?" George said. "She just randomly decided to seduce you?"

"Apparently it's possible," Kyle said, shrugging. "I don't get it though."

"Does she know you have suspicions?"

"Sarah? No."

"Then you need to find out what motivated her to come up to your room," George said. "It may be that she simply saw you and decided to seduce you, or thought she'd get on good terms with the new boss. Then again, if you're being set up for leverage, a sex tape could be a helpful thing to have, yes?"

"Mother fucker," Kyle blurted.

"On the plus side, you mentioned that it was Connor Grant who put you onto the Island having a safe room, yes?"

"Yeah. And I let Connor know this morning that Edwin had said no, that you were looking into it, and he asked to be kept posted. Oh, he also said that he was going to see what he could find out himself."

George frowned as he steered the boat out a little further from the shore. "I would suggest the following. One. You figure out a way to discuss the matter with Sarah, somewhere off the Island such as on a boat like this or perhaps in a helicopter, if you can arrange it. Two. You need to get Connor on side with you, and given his personal skillset and employment record I imagine he'll be happy to help out if he can."

"He already is."

"That man is a nuisance, but when he's working he's like a different person entirely," George said. "Use him as much as possible, but above all you must be discrete."

"We have been so far."

"No, Kyle. I mean you can't act differently, you can't discuss this openly with Kara or Katie, don't discuss the situation with these two girls with Patricia either. I'll speak with her directly about that myself. If what you're saying is true, I'm best placed to deal with these two ladies myself anyway."

"Okay, don't talk about it, act normal, don't do anything differently," Kyle repeated, wondering how the hell he was going to pull that off.

The pier came in sight as they completed their circuit of the Island and Kyle frowned, thinking about everything the old lawyer had briefed him on. It seemed certain that Edwin was setting him up for something. Either that or he was getting paranoid. Maybe the man who'd run Danny Tripps private Island had some unknown valuables stashed away, and didn't want to let the new kids know about them.

Either way, he knew something was going on, and he felt a little comforted that George Crowler was helping him. He knew he had to get to Connor at some point today though, and somehow get him up to speed.

As the old man maneuvred the boat back to it's mooring, Kyle moved to stand up and tie it off, but he wobbled and nearly fell over.

"Kyle?"

"Sorry, my legs have tightened up," Kyle explained. "I came here straight from my work out, so my muscles are really stiff." He rubbed at his thighs and slowly began to stretch his mucles until he was able to move and tie up the boat.

"Speak to you later?" Kyle asked, climbing painfully up onto the pier.

"Anytime," George replied.

Kyle walked back along the pier, grimacing with each step until he began to loosen enough to walk relatively normally, following the path up from the beach and around to the main house.

"Where have you been?" Patricia asked as he re-entered his suite. "Julian said you left ages ago."

"I was chatting to George Crowler," Kyle said, trying to remember to act normally. "He took me for a lap of the Island on one of the speedboats. Very cool."

"Well, you're late for lunch."

Kyle nodded and headed back to the bathroom, sighing as he saw the last of his bath water draining away.

"It got cold, so I emptied it," Patricia explained from behind him. He felt her hand on his hip and her lips pressed softly against the back of his neck. With Lakshmi still in the office area of the suite, he knew she wouldn't be joining him, but he smiled at the secret display of affection. "You'll have to settle for a shower."

Kyle glanced around the room, wondering if there were cameras in here, and then his eyes widened as he realised he could have been filmed or watched doing all sorts of stuff with Patricia. He gulped.

"Hey, you okay? You seem a bit out of sorts," Patricia murmured, slipping around to face him.

He forced a smile on his face. "Just tired. That was a hard workout, and my muscles are all tight and sore. Feeling pretty exhausted." Seeing her worried expression he added, "I'm fine though. I'll be okay."

"You sure?" She asked, then lowered her voice and smiled. "I hope I didn't wear you out last night. And this morning."

"Not at all. Just workout fatigue, I think." He moved forward to give her a hug, but she squirmed away.

"After your shower. You're a sweaty mess and you'll ruin my suit."

Kyle headed for the shower, and the hot water felt good on his skin. Not as relaxing as a bath, or one with Patricia's assistance, but it helped a little. His mind whirled though, trying to remember every conversation he'd had since he got here that could potentially be used against him.

What he couldn't get his head around was why? If Edwin was planning to blackmail him or extort money, why was he doing it? What was motivating him when by all accounts he lived in paradise, of his own free will, everything was paid for him and he got a salary that he didn't really have to spend. So why blackmail someone when you have everything you want?

He shook his head, turned off the water and dried himself off, then headed for the dressing room. Someone had laid out a pair of sneakers, jeans and a sleeveless black top, a neat pile of accessories at their side. Kyle got dressed quickly, then joined Patricia and Lakshmi as they headed down for lunch.

Much of the conversation around the table was about an offer that Katie and Kara had received to appear on the Howard Stern show, asking them to be interviewed together and to ride his infamous sybian side by side. Katie found it disgusting, Kara found it hilarious and Margarita had them in stitches doing her impersonation of Katie trying not to orgasm. All too soon though it was time to go back to work for Kyle.

The dreaded scheduling meeting continued, and for the following hour Kyle listened to Patricia and Lakshmi debate if he should tour this office on that day, or do this press event, or take the time to rest up. Kyle had difficulty concentrating on it though, his own thoughts consumed with the situation with Edwin, how he was going to get a hold of Sarah without tipping his hand and the need to let Connor know what was happening.

"How long have I got until Ed and Casey arrive?" He asked.

"About twenty minutes," Patricia replied, not looking up from the piles of paper on the desk.

"I'm going to go see Connor, and then I'll head down to the pier for them coming in," Kyle announced, gathering his phone and cigarettes.

"What for?"

"I haven't given up on hiring him."

"You can see him later. There's still work to do, Kyle."

"I know. Plus, I just need ten minutes on my own," He explained, then tapped the side of his head. "Lots going on, and it's giving me a headache."

"You okay?"

He nodded, trying to appear relaxed, but he wasn't convinced of his success. Patricia cocked an eyebrow at him, but he winked back at her when Lakshmi's eyes drifted back to her work.

"See you guys back here," He said, stepping outside.

As he walked, he thought about which problem to try and tackle first. He knew he'd be seeing Connor later this afternoon, so that could be set aside for the moment. The Edwin thing was too complicated right now, so he turned his thoughts to Sarah, trying to figure out a way to get her into a boat or helicopter alone.

"What reason could I have to want some alone time with her?" He mused aloud, then grinned at the obvious answer. Everything suddenly clicked into place.

He knocked on Edwin's office door a few minutes later.

"Edwin?"

"Ah, Master Kyle. Do come in," The Englishman said.

Kyle entered, keeping his face as neutral as possible, wondering what this guy was up to, but trying not to let it interfere with his little charade.

"What can I do for you today?"

Kyle took a deep breath, then launched into the lie he'd developed in his head on the way there. "Well, Edwin. I wonder if you could help me with something.... discrete?"

"If I can, Sir." Edwin's eyes narrowed as he spoke. "Can I ask what, exactly?"

"Well, yesterday I got a massage from this girl, Sarah," Kyle began, trying to appear hesitant, embarassed.

"Ah, yes. Sarah's a wonderful masseuse, isn't she?"

"Yes, she is," He nodded. "She's also very.. hot."

Edwin smiled, a brief tight-lipped grin.

"Now, a couple of nights ago, I had a late night visitor who was very..."

"I'm familiar with Sarah's reputed apetities, Master Kyle," Edwin replied. "I take it you two..."

"Oh yes," Kyle said, feigning enthusiasm. "And if you don't mind me saying, I thought she was fucking amazing. If it was her, of course."

"And what makes you think it was her, Master Kyle?"

"Oh, just the way she moved, her perfume when she was giving me the massage yesterday," Kyle shrugged. "I'm pretty sure it was her, and since then I haven't been able to get her out my head, if you know what I mean." He gave Edwin a pointed look.

"Aha, I do, Master Kyle," Edwin replied, nodding quickly.

"Which brings me to why I'm here," Kyle said, moving on, feeling a little more comfortable in his acted role. He bit his lip, as if hesistant to say something, then launched into it quickly. "Do you think you could arrange for Sarah to be waiting for me in the helicopter after my workout, Edwin? I'm thinking we could go for a little fly around, I could ask her if it was her and... express my admiration for her skills, see if I can convince her to try it again?"


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 30
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"You wish to.. hook up with her, Master Kyle," Edwin said, a broad smile on his face now.

"Well, yeah. But somewhere that Patricia or my sisters aren't going to know about," He added. "They're kinda.. control freaks. It feels like I can't take a shit without one of them walking in on me, or micro-managing my every move, and I'm pretty sick of it."

Edwin nodded. "I understand entirely, Master Kyle."

"I mean, take Patricia, right," He continued, warming to his role. "She's there when I wake up, she's there all day, and she's there when I go to bed. And don't get me wrong, she's really fucking hot, and if she's giving it away, I'm not gonna say no, but... "

"You would like to pursue your own desires," Edwin said carefully.

"Something like that, yeah," Kyle replied. "Sorry for all the moaning, Edwin. It's just getting to me, know what I mean?"

"I most certainly do, Master Kyle," The Englishman said. "And be assured, I can arrange with Sarah to be where and when you need her, and if she's already attempted to seduce you, as you suspect, I expect your flight to be an interesting one."

Kyle forced a grin. "That's exactly what I'm hoping for, Edwin. So you can help me out?"

Edwin winked, the smile still fixed on his face like the cat that got the cream. "Most assuredly, Master Kyle. Your secret shall be safe with me."

"You're a frickin star, Edwin," Kyle said, slapping him on the shoulder. "Right, I gotta run. I'm trying to recruit Connor to be my bodyguard, and I want to catch him before my friends arrive."

"Best of luck, Master Kyle. I shall see you on the helipad at what? Five o'clock?"

"Five o'clock," Kyle agreed. "And thanks," He added as he left the office.

Kyle had to work hard to keep the grin off his face as he walked down towards the clubhouse. As George Crowler suspected, Kyle was now sure Sarah's nocturnal visit was definitely linked to whatever Edwin was up to. He was sure of it just from Edwin's reaction alone, and if he could get some information out of Sarah, then that would help figure out what he was up to.

He entered the clubhouse, looking around for Connor, but he wasn't there, so Kyle approached the barman.

"Yes, Master Kyle, he was here a short time ago, sir, but he left with one of the maids."

Kyle grinned. "Connor getting himself into mischief, is he?"

"It certainly appears to be a recurring habit of his, Master Kyle. Do you want me to call his room for you, sir?"

"No," Kyle said shaking his head. "Although if you could tell me where it is, that would be great."

"Turn right as you leave, then left up the hill and it's the first villa on your right, sir."

"Cheers."

Kyle followed the directions and came across a beach-hut styled villa with a wide balcony that looked out over the ocean. He could hear the unmistakable cries of a woman in the throes of pleasure from a window at the far end, so moving as noisily as he could, he approached the window and knocked on it.

"Connor, it's Kyle."

The woman squealed and there was a muffled thud, followed by the Scotsmans laughter and a rushed thud of feet across the wooden floor.

"Come on in, Kyle," Connor called.

Kyle pushed the door open and stuck his head in the doorway to the right, seeing Connor sat in a bed, a wrinkled sheet across his lap and a broad grin on his face. The room was strewn with clothes, pillows and looked like it had been the scene of an argument, not a hookup. The room smelled like sex.

"Sorry to interrupt," Kyle began, but Connor rolled his eyes.

"Give me a wee second," He replied, getting out of bed, wrapping the sheet around his waist as he crossed the room to a wardrobe door in the wall. He opened the door and Kyle's eyes widened as he saw two women hiding in the closet, both completely naked, both trying to cover themselves. One of them shouted something at Connor in Spanish, presumably shut the door.

"Work beckons, ladies, but it's been a blast," Connor told them, waving a hand towards the door.

"I'll just step out for a minute," Kyle said quickly, trying not to laugh. He went out on the balcony for a cigarette. Barely a minute had passed before Connor emerged with a pair of jeans on, the two women back in their maids uniforms darting up the path.

"Sorry to interrupt, Connor," Kyle said, unable to hide his grin.

"Ah, don't worry about it, man. It's all good in the hood, know what I mean."

Kyle pulled out his phone and began to type a message. Crowler confirm saferoom somewhere. E denies it. Why? Need your help! Think E is going to blackmail me/sisters To cover what he was typing he spoke aloud. "So I was thinking about this Kevin Bannon guy and I think you should be my bodyguard, Connor."

Kyle handed him the handset, screen tilted down to the floor. Connor flipped it, glanced at the message

"I'll be happy to help you out in the short-term, Kyle, but long term you need someone like Kevin."

"Any help you can give me in the short-term would be great, Connor," Kyle nodded. He took the phone back and as Connor nodded to the handset, the Scotsman began to ramble about day-rates versus weekly rates, some of the personnel on his team and what it's like working in LA. All the time he kept glancing at the handset of the cellphone, indicating Kyle should type up a new message.

Sarah. Masseuse. Seduced me in my sleep few nights ago. Arranging to meet her in heli for chat. E thinks for me 2 seduce her. Crowler thinks two things linked. Need to find bunker!

Connor read the message as Kyle began to talk about a monthly rate for his services and his teams services, but getting a prolonged discount if it was to be an ongoing contract. The Scotsman erased the message, added one of his own, then handed it back.

Maids know Edwin schedule. Late visits to kitchen, vanishing act. Will tail tonight. Be ready for call

"Fuck, man, I gotta go," Kyle said, nodding. "My friends are arriving any second at the pier and I have to be there to meet them."

"Go for it. I'll catch you later, Kyle."

Kyle got up, and patted the unperturbed man on the shoulder as he went by, then paused at the path. "Connor."

"Yeah."

"You know you smell like pussy, right?"

"Aye. Life's grand sometimes, ain't it?"

Kyle jogged the last few metres along the pier as the Betsy slid the gangplank onto the pier.

"Mother-fucking hero!" Ed called, grabbing him in a bear hug.

"Jesus, fuck, Ed," Kyle laughed, as his friend eventually dropped him.

"Bitch, you're not gonna fucking believe it," Ed grinned. "Limo driver. Her. Caroline."

Kyle chuckled and exchanged a handshake with Casey.

"He's in love," Casey told him, "And he won't shut up about it."

"I am," Ed declared, throwing his hands up in the air. "Kyle, billionaire-dick, matchmaking superhero. When me and Caroline get married and she starts punching out babies, I'm gonna name my first-born male spawn after you. Or maybe a female. Haven't decided."

Kyle laughed and shook his head. Having an excited Ed jump off a boat at you was a bit overwhelming on the senses. He looked at Casey. "How long's he been like this?"

"The whole fucking trip. That's why the limo was late." Casey rolled his eyes. "They stopped. For four hours."

Ed grabbed Kyle again. "Best fucking four hours of my entire puny existance. I can truly call myself," He paused to beat on his chest like a gorilla. "A... Man!"

"You finally lost your anal virginity?" Kyle joked. "With a strap-on?"

"What?" Ed said. "Fuck, no. I did that ages ago with that freaky chick, Cassidy, the one that was into all that pee-pee and shit. Well, not shit, but you know what I mean," He hastily added. "Anyway, where's all the booze at, cunt-nugget?"

"And the women?" Casey added. "Nice pad, by the way."

"Oh, fuck yeah," Ed blurted. "This place is fucking cool. So is this like Tracy Island then? Do we get little fucking Thunderbird hats or what?"

Kyle laughed. It was good to have his friends back around him again, even if it felt like getting hit by a tidal wave of expletives and enthusiasm.

"Follow me, and prepare to be amazed."

Kyle led them along the pier and up off the beach, managing to keep Ed from bombing off the pier or stealing a speedboat by promising to take them out later. They hit him with question after question all the way up the hill until they turned on the path to face the main house.

"Whoa!" Casey muttered.

"Well fist my urethra," Ed blurted. "Is that a fucking Ninja temple?"

It took Kyle a few minutes to stop laughing, and he explained to them that this was the main house, a series of five interconnecting buildings full of suites, guest accommodation, entertainment areas and business rooms, as well as a games room, a cinema, a pool, a bar and a restaurant area.

"And you fucking inherited this?" Ed muttered. "You must be the luckiest cunt on the face of this fucking planet."

"Ed!" Casey protested, hating the way Ed liberally sprinkled the C word into his vocabulary.

"Oh, stop being such a fucking minge-flap, Case," Ed muttered. "Anyway, talking of... " He paused and amended his language. "Ladies, are they here? Your fine-ass sisters?"

Kyle frowned and took a deep breath, addressing them both, but mostly Ed. "Listen up, okay? I only want to have to say this once, and I'm absolutely fucking serious when I say this, alright? You can't talk about what happened three years ago, you can't mention it, refer to it, hint at it, fuck all, okay?"

Casey nodded immediately, but Ed screwed up his face.

"Ed? I'm serious."

He sighed. "Alright man, I promise."

"Now, you can't speak to Kara like she's a stripper, Ed. Neither of you can actually. No calling her Sahara, and no calling Katie Julietta. As far as you're concerned you've never laid eyes on them before, and you'll treat them like you would if they were your own sisters, okay?"

"Not like you would with your sisters, because we all know what happens there," Ed grinned, but seeing Kyle's serious face, he rolled his eyes. "Sorry, fucknut. I just had to get that out of my system. I'll behave, I promise. No sliding down my fucking pole jokes or anything, alright?"

Kyle nodded. "Cool. Now we've got that out the way, we can head in. While you're here you can eat whatever the hell you like, drink whatever you want, and use the facilities. Have a great time, but no fucking parties on your own at four in the morning, Ed."

"Oh, for fuck's sake. Stop being such a whiney bitch, Kyle," Ed muttered. "Christ, if I'd known you were gonna read us a fucking rule book I'd have put my fucking iPod on."

"What happened to me being your match-making mother-fucking hero?" Kyle asked.

"Just imagine this picture, right, of the worlds funkiest, sexiest wallpaper, right, and then put ten supermodels in it, buttnaked, holding up Megan Fox with her fucking legs wide open, ramming a monster fucking dildo up her ass and telling you 'This is so I'm ready for your cock', right?" Ed licked his lips and nodded. "Can you imagine that Kyle? Can you?"

"Yeah," Kyle nodded. "What's your point though?"

Ed paused. "I've forgotten, but it's a fucking cool picture."

Kyle and Casey both chuckled. "You're such a fucking cock sometimes, Ed," Kyle told him.

"Oh, I remembered!" Ed said quickly. "The point is, right. The fucking point is, I'm completely and utterly in love, so I won't be hitting on no bitches, fine-ass or otherwise."

Kyle chuckled, then turned to Casey. "Meant to tell you. Margarita's here too, she looks stunning, and she's brought her sister too."

Casey blinked and then his face broke into a broad smile.

"She's brought a sister?" Ed moaned. "Aw, man."

"I thought you were in love?"

"I am, but... Fuck. We gonna stand here all fucking day or what?"

Kyle chuckled, and led them inside.

He showed them through the ground floor of the main house and then out to the pool area where Katie, Margarita, Louisa and Kara were all sunbathing, all in black bikini's. Kyle stifled impure thoughts at seeing the four of them lying there, tanning themselves.

Casey calmly strolled up and started introducing himself with handshakes and more coolness than James Bond, while Ed introduced himself simply as,"I'm Ed, Kyle's buddy. I'm spoken for so don't be trying to tap this fine ass."

Kyle simply shook his head and showed them to their rooms above the bar, then suggested they chill out at the pool for the afternoon, have a few drinks and he'd see them in a couple of hours at dinner as he work still to do.

He got back to his suite, flopped down on the balcony and lit up. The chaotic, noisy and overwhelming arrival of his friends had restored his good mood and temporarily set back his concerns over everything happening with Edwin, Sarah and Connor, but he was reminded as soon as Patricia appeared and sat beside him.

"How did it go with Connor?"

"Hey," He said, smiling and genuinely happy to see her. "Yeah, I think I've got him, but I'm not really sure." He chuckled. "I know. Not exactly definitive."

She smiled. "No, not exactly. So I think by the way they said hello I've figured out which one's Ed and which one's Casey."

Kyle smiled. "Yeah, they're not exactly similar. Casey's black, smooth and sensitive. Ed's like a vulgar dictionary with a penis."

"But he's in love," She chuckled.

"Yeah, with Caroline, the limo driver that brought me to meet you."

"It's a small world."

"It sure is," He nodded.

"Glad to see them?"

"I am," Kyle said. "Despite the vulgarity, and the fact that I don't trust either of them around my sisters, or you come to think of it, I've missed having them around."

"You're worried about them hitting on me?" She asked, nudging him with her shoulder. "That's sweet."

"I'm sure you can manage to fob them off. I haven't been telling people about..."

"Thanks," She said quietly. "Lakshmi knows, because... well, she's not stupid and she knows me really well, and I know some of the others suspect, but the fewer people who know, the better."

"Why's that exactly?" He asked, tilting his head towards her.

She narrowed her eyes, seeing he was teasing her a little, threatening to kiss her out on the balcony. "Credibility, avoiding the cliche, because it's fun to have a little secret."

To his surprise she slowly looked around, then darted her head towards him and gave him a quick kiss.

Kyle grinned. "You rebel."

"I know. Hardcore or what?" She winked. "When you're finished that come inside. We think we've got your schedule done."

"Good work. I'll be right in."

She kissed him again then slipped away.

Kyle heard the unmistakable sound of Ed downstairs and he peered over the balcony to see the most outrageous pair of shorts he'd ever laid eyes on. They were like a fabric designer had swept up off-cuts of tartan, high-visibility vests, denim, old t-shirts and anything else lying around and had the material pressed into a pair of shorts.

Kyle shook his head. "Peace well and truly shattered," He muttered as Ed bombed into the pool.

The schedule for LA wasn't insane or manic any more, but it was still going to be a busy two weeks. He was pleased to note that Patricia and Lakshmi had built in time they labelled as 'Float', a term he'd first heard in Project Management circles that was basically a bit of spare time built in to cope with delays and allow for the unexpected.

They spent a little over an hour going through it, amending any conflicts or decisions as they went, and by the time they were done, Kyle had a really clear picture of what his fortnight was shaping up to be.

Two days each in the Agency, the Music label, the Production company and the Magazine publishers offices, with six days of meetings and tours. Every evening had a social event or two, some business and some pleasure, and there was a number of slots marked up for media. Mid-way through the trip was a night labelled as 'Party', during which a surprised Kyle discovered he was to be hosting a huge party in the house, despite not knowing anyone in LA.

However, despite his doubts about how ambitious it was, Patricia and Lakshmi seemed confident it would be achievable, so he nodded and thanked them for a huge task, well done.

"So we need to speak about recruitment, Kyle," Patricia told him as the three of them sat outside, supposedly taking a break.

"Sure," He nodded, remembering her talk about how she would need to build her own team.

"Lakshmi's out of contract in a couple of weeks," Patricia explained. Kyle looked at the remarkably competent and efficient Indian girl, who nodded back at him.

"How come?"

"Mister Tripps figured that three weeks would give plenty time for you or your sisters to decide who to keep or who to lose," Lakshmi explained.

"Kyle, can we keep her?" Patricia said simply.

Kyle shrugged. He'd seen so much of people being put in jobs and then having their bosses interfere or micro-manage them, robbing them of the opportunity to actually do the job their way that he considered himself a fan of giving people a job and then letting them sink or swim. As far as he was concerned, Patricia could hire whoever she wanted, as long as they didn't all turn out with personalities like Margaret.

"Is that what you want, Lakshmi?"

She nodded immediately. "Trish and I have been talking about it, and we figure we can split the work, so I'd be doing pretty much what I am now. You seem like a nice guy and a smart one too, plus it'll be fun to keep working with Patricia."

"So you'd be doing the same job as Patricia?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, Kyle," Patricia replied. "Two Assistants. That way you're covered if one of us is sick, busy or tied up."

"As long as you're both happy with that, it's fine by me," He agreed.

"Told you," Patricia said, giving Lakshmi an affectionate bump.

"Thanks, Kyle," Lakshmi replied. "I really appreciate it."

"Thanks nothing. I need the help, if you don't come on board Patricia will get swamped sooner or later, and it's better if you're working for us than our competitors."

Patricia smiled and nodded at him. "Go, Kyle."

He chuckled, then moved on. "So what else about recruitment?"

"Well, I've got a ton of interviews set up for when we get you to San Antonio for a couple of days, before we head out to LA," Patricia explained. "That's for a support team for me and Shmi."

"Are either of you guys going to have a heart attack if I call you Trish or Shmi?" Kyle asked suddenly. "I've heard you call each other that. Just wondering?"

"It's probably better if you stick with our full names for the time being," Patricia replied. "To encourage others to do the same, but I'm not going to collapse or faint if you call me Trish when it's just us."

Lakshmi nodded. "Yes, Lakshmi when there's people around, then whatever when it's just us."

"Alright," Kyle replied. "So what posts are you looking to fill?"

"Two correspondence secretaries, a finanial assistant, a press assistant, information assistant, publicist and media spokesperson," Patricia explained. "For now anyway."

"Plus we'll need a personal shopper, a stylist, maybe even an agent too," Lakshmi added.

"That's like ten people," Kyle protested, his eyes wide.

"They're not all going to be around you, Kyle," Patricia explained. "The correspondence secretaries and financial assistant can work out of head office, but for now it would be helpful to have the press person, the publicist and the information assistant around us. Plus, if we get a personal shopper and stylist on board it means that Margaret won't announce she's coming with us."

"That's a win right there," Kyle said quickly. "So now I'm gonna have an entourage?"

Patricia shrugged. "You'll get over it."

"You keep telling me that."

"It's fun," She smirked.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 31
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"So I wanted to ask about Casey," Kyle said. "Is there a job we can give him?"

Lakshmi frowned and Patricia leaned forward. "Kyle, that's not a good idea."

"What? Why?"

"Because he's one of your best friends," Patricia explained. "Everyone will know he got given the job because he's your buddy, and he'll have no credibility."

"But it would be a fantastic learning opportunity for him," Kyle protested. "Plus, it would be good having him around."

"Then ask Garius to hire him for Kara's team," Patricia said. "But he can't work for you. It just won't work. Plus, if he starts acting like a dick then I'll have to fire him and I can't see you letting me do that."

"I can't see him doing that," Kyle said. "And if he goes to work for Kara I'll never see him."

"You, Katie and Kara are split for the next two weeks, but you're probably going to be around each other for another month after that before you part again for a while," Lakshmi added.

"Yeah, you'll see tons of him," Patricia nodded. "Besides, have you asked Casey what he wants to do?"

Kyle sighed, and looked over the balcony at his friend. Casey was chilling beside the pool, or more accurately, beside the ladies and was busy chatting with Margarita, obviously hoping for a repeat of three years ago.

"I'll talk to him," Kyle promised.

"And your friend, Ed?" Lakshmi asked.

Kyle grinned. "If I ask Ed what he wants to do he'll tell me he wants to produce and direct his own porn videos, with a specialised role in casting for new talent."

"I thought he was in love," Patricia said, chuckling.

"Yeah, that's new," Kyle admitted. "I'll talk to him too."

"We had a look at his artwork online this morning. The comic book stuff and a few of the sites he posts on," Patricia clarified. "You know, you could commission him to do artwork for some of the offices and use them as gifts. Patronage of artists is common among the wealthy."

Kyle thought about it and it seemed like a great idea. Ed would get to do what he loved, and do it wherever he wanted. If this thing of his with Caroline was real then he could stay at home and continue to see her, or if he wanted to join Kyle and travel with him for a bit, he could do that too. At least having one of his friends around would make Kyle feel a lot better, he knew.

"I'll have a chat with him about that when I talk to him about his gambling debt," Kyle nodded.

"No time like the present," Patricia suggested pointedly.

Kyle lit a cigarette up, wanting to avoid the inevitable explosion he'd get from Ed when he found out Kyle had investigated him, but he knew his friend needed help paying it off, so he squared his shoulders and nodded.

"We'll leave you to it," Lakshmi said as she got up. "I've got to go see Heidi."

Patricia reached out and slipped her fingers into Kyle's hand. "Just wanted to say, Shmi and I get on great, so I don't think the two of us working for you will be a problem. If there is though, you'll probably have to decide on whatever we disagree on. Just don't let anything personal interfere in your decisions, okay?"

"Personal meaning me and you?"

"Yeah."

Kyle nodded. "Okay. You know that I'll decide against you sometimes then?"

"And sometimes you'll make me angry too," Patricia admitted. "That's okay though. That's working life. Plus, angry sex and makeup sex can be really hot."

Kyle chuckled. "What you doing now?"

"Tidying up in the office, check on the accommodation booked for the couple of days you're going to spend at home, then sending out notifications and meeting requests and confirmations."

"Sounds like a lot of work."

She shrugged. "It'll only take an hour or so."

"You should chill out at the pool after that for a bit. Get some relaxation time in," He suggested.

She winked. "Someone has to run your bath."

Kyle frowned, trying to figure out how to explain to her that he was jumping in a helicopter with Sarah as soon as his workout finished and could be a little late.

"What's wrong?"

"Nothing. Julian said he might want to discuss an ongoing fitness programme with me after our session tonight, so I might be half an hour late getting back," He improvised.

"He never told me," She said, frowning.

"It's cool," Kyle said quickly, then squeezed her hand. "Trust me. I won't be long, and I'll be looking forward to that bath as soon as I get back."

Patricia nodded. "Okay. I'll be here."

Kyle hated lying to her, but he couldn't figure out another way of telling her discretely enough that any bugs or hidden cameras couldn't pick up. He realised that maybe when they were in bed tonight, he could sneak his phone under the sheets with her and then type out a message and let her know what was going on.

"Thanks, Patricia," He said as she headed inside.

Kyle squared his shoulders and called down to Casey, asking him to come up for a second. They chatted for a few minutes about how cool the Island was, how Casey thought Margarita had improved with age, all three years of it, and how nice Katie and Kara were.

Then Kyle broached the subject of a job or career for his buddy. Casey didn't like the idea of a management role, probably due to his fear of confrontation, Kyle guessed, so he suggested a role working as an assistant to learn about all the various businesses, see the world, and get plenty time to hang out.

Casey seemed to like the idea, and promised to give it some thought, so Kyle made him promise an answer tomorrow and said he would speak to Garius in the meantime to see if they could find something for him.

After Casey returned to the pool, Kyle asked Ed to come up.

Rather than tell him the whole story of how he'd been investigated, Kyle just ploughed straight in, announced he was going to give Ed a loan of forty grand that Ed would have to pay back at a dollar a week, he had to attend gambling addiction treatment, and if he ever gambled again on anything, then the whole debt would be called back in.

Ed's jaw dropped as he put it together, but before he could launch into a big tirade about it, Kyle then steamed into Patricia's idea for artistic patronage, an offer of a six figure salary, with potential sales of his work too, and suddenly Ed's worries about an invasion of his own privacy were set aside as his debts were cleared and he had a job that he could only ever dream about.

Kyle smiled as he saw his friend realise that his debt was gone, wiped out and to be paid back over the next eight hundred years. To his surprise, Ed had tears in his eyes, so the two friends reacted in the only way they knew how.

After the balcony had resounded with cries of 'Crybaby', 'Dick', 'Fucker' and other assorted expletives for ten minutes, Ed finally returned to the pool and Kyle went to get changed for the gym. Patricia was waiting for him inside.

"That was incredibly sweet," She told him, hauling him onto his bed and planting kisses all over his face.

Kyle felt an explosion of desire as her legs wrapped around him, but the thought in his head of being spied upon killed any horny thoughts he had. He disengaged himself a moment later, leaving a pouting Patricia on the bed.

"Later," He promised as he headed for the gym.

His workout with Julian proved to be a disaster. The impending confrontation with Sarah distracted him so much that he wasn't able to focus properly on his workout, and despite Julian's unending enthusiasm, he didn't beat any of his own records from the previous days.

A few minutes before five o'clock Kyle emerged from the gym. Edwin was waiting for him on the path and joined him immediately as he took the path up to the helipad.

"Everything is arranged, Master Kyle, and if you don't mind me saying so, I do believe that young Miss Sarah is rather enthusiastic to spend some time alone with you," Edwin said, winking with the subtlety of a sledgehammer.

Kyle forced a grin. "Excellent, Edwin. You're a true friend."

Edwin seemed almost gleeful. "Anything I can do, Master Kyle. Now, Miss Sarah is already on board, the flight crew will take off and leave you undisturbed. Simply knock on the door to the cockpit when you wish to return to the Island, you understand?"

"Oh, I do," Kyle said in his best creep voice, doing his best to act like he was dying to get his hands on her. All he really wanted to do though was scare the shit out of her and find out why the hell she'd come to his room that night.

They walked around a bend in the path and then Kyle could see the helipad before him, the steps leading into the big Sikorsky helicopter already in place and one of the flight crew waiting by the door. Behind it sat the twin-rotor Chinook that was used to transport guests, staff and supplies.

"Best of luck, Master Kyle," Edwin said, winking again.

Kyle shook his hand, a gesture he had to force himself to make with a man he suspected was setting him up, and turned towards the helicopter.

"Is this what my life's becoming? Handshakes with bastards?"

A thought struck him suddenly and he paused.

"Master Kyle?"

"Sorry, Edwin. I really should have been clearer earlier. I wanted to ride in the other helicopter, not the one I was in yesterday," Kyle improvised.

"Sir? I can assure you the Sikorsky is much more comfortable and a lot less noisy," Edwin said quickly. "Plus, it's not ready to go as..."

"Edwin," Kyle said, leaning in as if conspiring with him. "I want the helicopter to be noisy to cover any other noises that might... eminate from the passenger area, understand?"

"Oh," The Englishman replied.

Kyle could see the old man was trying to figure his way through something, so he decided now was the time to try and knock it on the head.

"You can head off now, Edwin. I've got it from here," Kyle said bluntly. "And thanks again."

"But sir," Edwin began, but Kyle cut him off.

"But nothing Edwin. I can handle it from here." Kyle added a wink, trying not to smile at the worried expression on the old man's face.

Kyle turned and walked towards the waiting crewman quickly, turning once to wave goodbye to Edwin. He was stainding at the edge of the path frowning.

"Fucker," Kyle thought, then turned his attention to the waiting helicopter.

"Afternoon, Sir."

"Hi. Listen, how long would it take to get the Chinook up in the air instead of this one?" Kyle asked, then lowered his voice. "Edwin screwed up and booked me the wrong chopper."

"Oh, em, three or four minutes, sir?"

Kyle nodded. "Let's make that happen right now then, yeah?"

"Of course, sir." The crewman darted into the Sikorsky to let the flight crew know, and Kyle stuck his head in too.

Sarah was sitting in one of the leather armchairs, her makeup dark around her eyes and red on her lips. Her dark hair framed her face and matched the shade of her black dress.

"Hi."

She gave him a smouldering look, licked her lips slightly then replied. "Hello, Kyle."

"Listen, there's been a bit of a mix-up," Kyle said quickly. "We're going up in the other helicopter. Come on, let's go." He beckoned with his hand.

"What?"

"Wrong helicopter. We're going up in the Chinook." Kyle knew he was moving fast with this, but he wanted her into the other helicopter before Edwin could interfere. He winked at her. "Lots more room," He added.

She got his point and smiled, and as she got up her eyes flickered to her bag in the corner of the cabin, a black canvas shoulderbag that sat on the floor.

"Just leave that. You can get it when we get back," Kyle said, and in an effort at character acting, he added, "You look just... wow... good enough to eat. And I'm particularly hungry."

She smiled at him, but she seemed nervous and her eyes flicked to the bag again. Sarah moved to grab it, but Kyle stepped forward and took her hand in his. "Come on."

"But, my bag. I've got... things in there." She looked panicked and Kyle tried to remain calm. At that the flight crew emerged from the cockpit she looked around helplessly.

"Captain Scott," Kyle said, smiling. "Sarah's bag will be safe in here until we return, won't it?"

The pilot quickly nodded. "Of course, sir. We'll lock the door as soon as you're outside."

"Excellent," Kyle grinned. He turned and steered Sarah straight out the door of the Sikorsky, seeing her glance back at her bag as the flightcrew emerged behind her.

Kyle knew he had to keep the charade going, so while he waited for the Captain to lock the door on the Sikorsky, he pulled Sarah a little closer, and bluntly eyed her up and down, assuming Edwin would still be watching them.

"You look really hot, Sarah," He whispered, trying to sound husky or aroused, despite feeling nothing of the sort.

She smiled, seeming a little more relaxed, but as her eyes caught sight of Edwin she stiffened again and bit her lip. "Kyle, can I just get my bag."

"Are you expecting a call or something?" He asked, turning to follow the crew towards the Chinook.

"What? No, nothing like that," She replied, shaking her head.

"Having second thoughts?"

She shook her head quickly. "No, not at all."

Kyle nodded and rambled on before she could continue. "So you're fine to go ahead? That's awesome. And if it's just normal makeup and stuff like that in your bag then don't worry about it. You look beautfiul already. Stunning, sexy," He added, despite his own particular dislike for the word.

As they got to the tailgate of the aircraft he leaned in and whispered in her ear. "I haven't been able to stop thinking about you since yesterday. The massage and then the realisation that you were my late-night visitor too."

"You... you knew about that?" She stammered.

"The second you hopped off the bed," Kyle winked. "I wanted to grab you there and then but I couldn't. Other people in the suite, you know."

Before she had the chance to reply, Kyle helped her up the ramp and into the long straight cabin of the Chinook. Rather than the luxury of the Sikorsky, the inside of the Chinook was spartan, with long rows of fold-down bench seats up either side and a metal floor.

"Captain Scott," Kyle called. "Is there any way we can look out the back while we're flying, so we can see the water?"

"Um, sure," He nodded. "We'll lift the bottom part of the tailgate but leave the top part up. Just don't go too close to the edge, okay?"

"Thanks, Captain," Kyle replied and then he steered Sarah to a seat. Kyle sat down next to her, casually slipping an arm around her, suspecting Edwin would be looking in.

Inside he felt incredibly uncomfortable, feeling like he was betraying Patricia even though he didn't know what they had going on, but he knew he had to find out, and keep Edwin out the loop at the same time.

"So you've been thinking about me then?" Sarah said gently in his ear.

Kyle swallowed and nodded, wishing the tailgate would just come up and block the view into the Chinook. He nearly sighed with relief when he heard the big rotors begin to turn.

"Yeah. I've been doing my head in trying to figure out who it was in my room the other night, and then yesterday I realised it was you," He explained. "That was very very naughty of you, you know?"

She stared at him for a moment, then spoke quickly. "I'm a bit of a bad girl sometimes, Kyle. In fact, sometimes I'm a very bad girl."

"How are you bad, Sarah?" Kyle asked, trying to keep her talking. "Tell me some of the things a bad girl does."

"I can show you right now." Her hand slid over his thigh, and Kyle grabbed her hand, trying to make it appear casual.

"Once we're up in the air. So, tell me," He repeated. "I like hearing hot women telling me about their bad behaviour."

"That's kinky."

"I know." He winked.

"Let me see," She said, tilting her head to the side. "Well, I do remember one night when I was out partying with friends."

"Drinking?"

"Oh, yes," She smiled. "And you know how girls are when they've had a few cocktails. Little bit horny, little bit chatty, a lot less inhibited."

"So what happened?" Kyle asked, having to raise his voice a little as the rotors picked up speed and the noise increased.

"Ah, well there was these guys, college guys. Three of them, and they were buying us a few drinks, putting the moves on us."

"Nice," Kyle nodded.

"So there I was, trying to decide which one I was going to seduce and I couldn't decide." She paused, her grin hinting at how much she was enjoying recalling the memory. "So I got the first guy as he was heading to the mens room downstairs. Dragged him into a cleaning closet and sucked his cock and made him cum."

"And you swallowed it down like a really bad girl, right?" Kyle guessed, remembering how he'd came in her mouth only a few nights ago.

"Oh, you better believe it," She winked. "I like my regular medicine."

"So did you just go back to your friends after that?" Kyle asked, wondering how long it would take to get this big helicopter in the air so he could start the real conversation.

"Oh, no," She shook her head slowly. "No, I followed one of the other guys downstairs and dragged him into the same closet, but by that point I was really horny, right?"

"What did you do?"

"Well, I dropped his pants, hauled up my dress and slipped my underwear off and then we fucked against the wall."

"You are a bad girl, Sarah," Kyle nodded. "Did you suck him off too?"

She grinned and shook her head. "Oh, no. Much dirtier than that. I let him cum in my pussy, a full load of creamy goodness."

"Wow, that's really dirty."

"Oh, there's more," She told him, licking her lips. Her hand was firmly massaging his thigh, and despite his unease and acting, his cock had begun to thicken a little as she told of her slutty behaviour.

"The third guy?" Kyle guessed.

She nodded once. "He banged on the door of the closet, so I kicked out the guy I had just fucked and pulled his buddy in, shut the door and started to jerk him off."

"Wow."

"Now, as you can imagine, Kyle, I'm in full slut-mode by that point, right, and I'm thinking to myself that I've just blown one of them, fucked another and there's three guys, I've got three holes and one of them hasn't been touched yet."

"You took him in your ass?"

She gave him a smouldering look again, obviously horny as she related her tale. "Oh yes. And I used his friends cum as lubricant too."

"Fucking hell."

"He had no idea. He just thought my pussy was wet, but I got him hard, took him in my ass and he fucked me hard against the wall."

"Now that's one hell of a story," Kyle said. His head turned as the tailgate began to rise, but he turned back to Sarah.

"I'm not finished," She said and Kyle chuckled. "So this third guy is fucking my ass, and he tells me he's going to cum, so I tell him to go for it, cum inside me, but he pulled out at the last minute and pumped his load all over my ass. Just as he's finishing up, one of the bartenders starts banging on the door, so I haul my dress back down over my ass and the two of us head back upstairs to join our friends."

"All the time with cum dripping off you?" Kyle asked.

"Oh yes," She nodded. "I felt like such a slut, feeling it running down my legs as I stood wobbling at the bar. I even dripped a little bit on the first guys shoes. Now, do you believe me when I tell you I'm a bad girl, a naughty girl, and actually I'm a bit of a slut?"

Kyle nodded. Before he could reply he felt the aircraft shift and then it was slowly lifting in the air, the rear up much higher than the front.

It was a bit of an unsettling experience, and different from the Sikorsky the day before. Sarah's hand clamped to his inner thigh wasn't helping either, and the nerves of knowing the conversation was imminent added more pressure.

Kyle took a deep breath and let it out slowly, then nodded.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 32
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Sarahs hand slipped to his cock at the same time as her lips hit his neck.

Kyle scrambled a couple of feet down the fold-out bench seat, leaving a startled and confused Sarah looking at him. He squared his shoulders and his face turned serious.

"Right, Sarah. I apologise for the deception, but I needed you up here, away from the Island so I could speak to you," He began, frowning as her mouth dropped open in astonishment.

"I want to know why you came to my room the other night," He said bluntly.

She blinked a couple of times then replied. "To... to seduce you."

Kyle shook his head. "I know you came into my room to have sex with me, and you did. We did. What I want to know is why?"

She looked out the window to her left, then her eyes flickered back to his. "I saw you walking back from the pier, all soaked, and I thought you looked hot, so I figured I'd sneak into your room."

"No, you didn't," Kyle said immediately.

"Yes, I did," She protested.

"Sarah, have you ever heard of visual accessing cues?" Kyle asked.

"What?"

"See, a couple of years ago I got sick of people lying to me in meetings, so I started reading up on body language and how people's eyes react in certain ways when they're making something up or remembering something that actually happened. Did you know people's eyes betray them when they lie? Or their body language does too?"

She looked at him in shock.

"I mean, ninety percent of all communication is in body language. You just have to know where to look," He stated calmly, despite it being mostly bluff. Kyle could barely remember anything about the two page pdf he had skimmed but Sarah didn't know that. He knew it was a gamble, but he knew he had her uncertain, confused and he tried to press his advantage.

"So let's have no more bullshit, because I'll know," He said bluntly. "I know you didn't come in to my room to have sex with me because you thought I was hot. I want you tell me why."

Sarah tried to speak, but no words could come out. He could see she was panicking, but couldn't get her thoughts together enough to come out with anything.

"See I can have you put off this Island any time I like, Sarah. In fact, I could have you put off this Island on a rowing boat. Good luck if I decide to do that. I think the airport is seven or eight hours to the south. Well, southish," He added. "However, I don't want to be a dick, and I suspect the idea wasn't yours in the first place, so here's what we're going to do."

She looked on the verge of tears as Kyle stared at her, and he felt a momentary pang of pity for her, but he knew he had to be firm, so he pressed on.

"You tell me the truth and the whole truth, and I'll see no harm comes to you. That's a one time offer, and that time is right now."

Kyle licked his lips, knowing he was taking a huge gamble here to try and find out if Edwin had sent her to get more blackmail information on him, but he had to find out what was going on.

"I.. "

"Out with it," He said firmly.

"I.. I can't."

"Why not?"

"Please. I can't." Sarah's eyes were beginning to fill with tears and rather than look panicked, she actually looked frightened. With a flash of insight, Kyle wondered if it was him she was afraid of or someone else.

"Because someone has something on you, and you're being pressured to do as you're told?" He guessed.

Sarah started crying, sobbing. Her hands came up to cover her face.

"Sarah!" He snapped, drawing her eyes back up to meet his. "Tell me."

"I.. can't. He'll..."

"Edwin?"

She looked at him and then nodded, crying all the harder now.

Kyle's mind raced. If Edwin was blackmailing Sarah, then he'd sent her to seduce him. The question was why? What was he trying to achieve? Was it a video-recording so he could threaten release of a sex tape? Was it something else? Either way, Edwin was trying to create leverage for something.

"So Edwin sent you to my room the other night," Kyle stated calmly. "And he threatened you with something if you didn't do it, correct?"

"Please, I can't talk about it."

"Sarah, I need you to listen to me," Kyle said, moving a little closer to her. He placed his hand on her shoulder, trying to be reassuring rather than menacing.

"Sarah, I know Edwin is up to something. You've just said he's blackmailing you or threatening you somehow, and I suspect he's trying to blackmail me and my sisters too." He took a deep breath, then continued. "It seems to me that we're in this together, so the more I know, the more I can help. But if you don't help me, your situation and mine are only going to get worse."

"Please, you can't kick me off the Island," She sobbed, grabbing his top. "Please!"

"I told you, it's a one time offer, but I have to know everything. I can help you, Sarah, and I can get rid of Edwin, but I have to know what he's up to." Kyle heart was thudding in his chest like the noisy rotor blades above his head.

She rubbed at her eyes, stressed and unsure as she tried to make a decision.

"Trust in me," He said, trying to nudge her choice.

At last she slumped, nodding as she pulled her legs up to her chest and wrapped her arms around them.

"He sent me," She said a moment later.

"What did he say?"

"That I was to go and visit you quietly during the night, that I was to seduce you, and try and do it so you would think it was someone else," She said, unable to meet his eye. "If you tried to make me stay I was to run away."

"Did he tell you why?"

She shook her head. "No, but it's not hard to figure out."

"He's got a recording device in my room so he can blackmail me." Kyle said, nodding.

She shook her head again. "No, although he might be doing that too."

Kyle frowned. "Then what?"

"I need you to promise you won't kick me off the Island. I can't go home."

"Why? Is someone bothering you?"

She bit her lip, then her head came down to rest on her knees.

"Sarah, what the fuck is Edwin trying to do, and why can't you go home? Is this something to do with him blackmailing you?"

"Can you promise me?"

"Sarah, what's the problem? Is someone threatening to kill you or something? Is it family? The police, what?" She flinched at the last one. "The police?"

"I was in an accident," She said suddenly. "I had a few drinks and was driving home, and this guy drove into me, his car went off the road and crashed into a tree."

"And you ran?" Kyle guessed.

Sarah nodded. "I did. I didn't have a license, I'd been drinking and I thought the guy looked hurt, so I called an ambulance on my cell and got out of there. The next morning I flew out here to start work."

"So what happened?"

"I... I told Edwin when I got here. I felt so guilty and I wanted to know if the guy was okay. Edwin looked into it." Her eyes welled up with tears.

"The guy died?" Kyle asked, shocked.

She nodded, her face pale, her eyes emotional. "And the police want me for murder, DUI, leaving the scene of an accident. If I ever go back I'll be in prison for the rest of my life, all because I drove away from an accident."

"Fucking hell," Kyle said, shaking his head, unable to avoid feeling pity for her and the burden she'd been carrying. "And he's been threatening to send you back to the US?"

"If I don't do everyting he says."

Kyle felt sick, but had to ask. "Sarah, what else does he make you do?"

She frowned and hung her head before looking back up. "Once a week, I have to go and do... things."

"Sex?"

"Sort of. It feels just as gross," She explained. "He makes me dress up, strip and touch myself while he jerks off on me."

"Fucking hell."

"I tell myself it could be worse, and it could. At least I don't have to touch him and I get to do it under the shower." She shuddered, reliving the memory.

It was almost a question to fill the time before he asked something else. "What does he make you dress up as?"

Sarah made a sad face and caught Kyle's eye. "He makes me wear a business suit and a blonde wig."

"Why would... Mother-fucker," Kyle said as he realised exactly why she'd been sent to his room. The same night when he and Patricia had nearly got it together, and then he'd fucked someone else, thought it was her and she'd got upset about it the next morning. Edwin must have wanted to drive a wedge in between them.

"He did it to stop me and Patricia hooking up?"

Sarah nodded, a barely perceptable movement and gave him a sympathetic look. "I think he's obsessed with her. Stalkerville, know what I mean?"

Kyle nodded, his mind whirring.

"He wanted me to record you and me up here," She said carefully. "I'm sorry. That's why I wanted my bag."

Kyle shook his head. "Don't worry. I suspected that. That's why we changed helicopters at the last minute."

She looked a little relieved. "That's good, that you changed helicopters I mean."

"Sarah, how long has he been making you do this?" Kyle asked.

"About a year. It started a few weeks after I got here. At first he promised me the Police weren't looking for me, it was all good, and then he said they'd put a warrant out for my arrest after the guy died in hospital."

"What a bastard."

"That's putting it mildly," She nodded. "After that he started pressuring me to help him with odd jobs because he was protecting me. Then he just started to demand more and more."

"Sarah, can I just ask, and it might seem really stupid, but have you checked for yourself to see if the police are actually after you?" Kyle asked. "I mean, Edwin's not exactly proving himself to be a trustworthy guy."

"He showed me copies of the arrest warrant, the police photofit thing and a cutout of a newspaper showing details of the guys funeral," She replied.

"But you haven't checked for yourself?" Kyle asked, pulling his phone out his pocket.

"I couldn't face looking," She admitted.

"What was the guy's name?" He flipped the phone screen open and selected the browser.

"Lance Sherman. From Memphis, Tennessee. Poor guy. Are you searching the FBI Most Wanted or something?"

"Two seconds," Kyle said. "Do you remember what he looked like?"

While Sarah described him, Kyle did an internet search on the guys name and location, figuring if there was a warrant out for Sarah, there would be at least a few news articles about the guys death and the police investigation, appeals for witnesses, stuff like that.

Instead as Sarah desribed him as overweight, thirties, balding with a beard, Kyle clicked on the first link that came up. It had a photo and he selected it, dragging it to full screen.

"Is this him?" He asked, showing it to her. One look at her face confirmed it for him before she nodded.

"I thought so," Kyle replied, clicking back to the previous screen. He scrolled down, nodding. "Sarah?"

"Yeah?" He could hear the fear in her voice, dreading her worst fears being confirmed.

"Want to know what Lance was up to yesterday? When he was at the mall with his kids? In fact, why don't you look at his facebook page yourself," He said, handing her the phone.

She nearly dropped it. Her hands were shaking and she looked terrified. She couldn't even look down at the screen, her eyes fixed on Kyle, her eyes full of fear.

"Sarah, he's alive. He's not dead," Kyle said firmly. "You didn't kill anybody."

"What? But?" Her eyes flicked down to the screen and she stared at it, as if taking her eyes off it would make it some evil practical joke. "He's...."

"He's fine, Sarah," Kyle repeated. "Listen to me. You didn't kill anyone. Unless he's clicking that like button from inside his coffin."

"Are you sure? Maybe it's someone else posting on his account? Maybe its some kind of trick?" She asked.

"Well, it's a trick, then I'd love to know how he was photographed at the mall yesterday with his kids," Kyle said, shrugging. "Looks like you're off the hook."

"I.. "

"Look, when we land I'll get Mister Crowler to look into it discretely and he'll confirm things for us one way or another, okay?"

"What if it's a mistake?"

"I think it's more likely that Edwin's been manipulating you, Sarah," Kyle said. "Manipulating both of us."

"I know I should be angry, but all I can feel right now is relief, and fear that it's not real."

"Well, listen. We need to take this guy down, okay, so I still need your help, Sarah."

"With Edwin?"

"Yeah," Kyle nodded, speaking slowly. With a simple internet search he'd just got Sarah on side, and he knew that he had to capitalise on it. "Now, you said he sent you up to bust up me and Patricia before we got it together, right?"

"Pretty much," She nodded.

"Wait, that's confirmation he's been bugging my suite or has got hidden cameras or something in it," He said, thinking aloud. "Now, does he have any CCTV systems or anything like that in his suite? A private office that no-one else goes into? Anything like that?"

She shook her head. "No, I'd think if it was anything like that he'd keep it in his secret bunker."

Kyle's eyes widened. "What did you just say?"

"That he'd keep it in his secret bunker?" She asked. "Yeah, he's got some kind of cave or something that he disappears into a night. I think it's underneath the kitchens." She shrugged. "Is that important?"

Kyle coud have kissed her. Not only had she confirmed it's existance, but she'd told him where it was. "Tell me everything you know about it. This secret bunker of his."

"Oh, okay. He thinks it's a big secret, but he sneaks in there every night when he goes to the kitchen for his sandwich. Loads of the staff know about it, but no-one's ever been in it."

"Do you know exactly where the door is?"

She laughed. "That's easy. He prowls into the courtyard, where all the trash is kept, and then he punches a code into the kitchen door and a trapdoor opens in the floor. That's how he gets in and out. It's kinda funny how he thinks it's all secret."

"How do you know?"

"I've followed him before when he's had a few drinks, just to see what he's up to. When he's had a drink in him he thinks he's some kinda James Bond super-spy. Some of the other staff call him Danger Mouse."

"What the fuck is Danger Mouse?" Kyle asked.

"Some kids cartoon from England with a superhero mouse who lives in a secret underground lair."

"So people know where it is?"

"I take it this is where he's keeping the recordings then? You should totally get in there," She told him. "Sorry."

"What are you sorry for?"

"I keep thinking about Lance Sherman. Are you sure he's alive?"

"Those posts we saw were made yesterday, Sarah. Fuck, I can't believe it's that simple. That's where the saferoom is accessed? In the courtyard at the kitchens? He punches in an access code, some trapdoor opens up and he goes underground?"

"Yeah. I just assumed you knew it was there."

"I asked him if the Island had a safe room or a secure room, but he said no. It didn't make sense to me, so that's when I started to do some digging. Listen, we can't let on that we're onto him, okay?"

"Why not? You can just fire him, as soon as we land, can't you?"

"No, not yet. I have to have access to that bunker first."

She shrugged. "Fire him and then drill through the locks."

"No, I want in there, because I think he's trying to blackmail me and my sisters, so I want to remove anything he's got on me, or anyone else too," Kyle explained. "Plus, you need to be patient until it's confirmed that this Lance Sherman guy is the right guy."

"How long's that going to take?" She said quickly. "I don't want to have to put up with Edwin any more. I can't handle it."

"At most, a day. As for Edwin, every time he comes near you tell him you've to get ready to come and see me and you'll see him later."

"But what if..."

"Sarah, if need be, just come up to my suite and wait for me, and we'll improvise something. You need to remember though that if he's got my suite bugged, then he could have your room bugged too, so you can't talk about this unless we're on the helicopter, or maybe a boat. Somewhere safe."

"So I should just come and see you, and suggest we go for a trip if I need to talk to you?" Sarah asked, frowning.

"Yeah. And don't say anything to anyone about what happened here."

She shook her head. "That won't work, Kyle. Edwin is going to ask me for details and I need to give them to him."

"Okay, let's sort out a cover story."

"Um... so we took off and you started kissing me, fast and horny, right?" She suggested. Kyle grinned and nodded.

"Go on."

"Then you pulled off your shorts and made me suck your cock?"

"Sounds good," Kyle laughed. This whole conversation had gone from surreal to frightening, followed by exciting and back to surreal again.

"Let's see," She said, moving onto her knees in front of Kyle.

"What you doing?"

"Working out the mechanics of it," She explained. "That way I know I've got it right in my head, and so do you."

"Oh."

"So I give you a blowjob like this, and then you pull my dress up off me and throw it... over there," She said, pointing to under the bench seat. "Which reminds me."

Kyle sat bolt upright as Sarah pulled her dress up over her hips, immediately showing him her lack of underwear, but more importantly the tattoo she had right above her pussy. Taken on it's own it would be horrific, but given the sheer volume of tattooes Sarah had it became part of the whole, and fit.

It was a piece of scroll work that read 'Give it to me, baby'.

"Nice ink," He chuckled.

"Make sure you comment on it if Edwin asks you about us," She suggested. "That way he knows you've seen me naked."

"Good idea," He said shaking his head. "You can cover yourself up now, if you want."

"Oh, okay."

"Do you always go commando?" Kyle asked, out of curiosity.

"Only when I think I'm going to get lucky." She shrugged. "I take it you don't want to..."

"No. And it's not because I don't think you're attractive. Just that I'm kinda seeing someone."

"Just thought I'd ask. You are kinda hot, and I'm feeling a bit hyper, now that I'm not a murderer, know what I mean?" She shrugged and lowered her dress. "Anyway, dress off. Over there. You grab me and..." She looked around. "Missionary? Right here on the floor?"

She lay down on the floor of the Chinook, showing Kyle exactly what she meant.

"That'll do," He nodded, not knowing what else to say.

"Oh, then you should roll me over and do me doggie, while we're looking out the back door," Sarah suggested, smiling. "Kinda sorry this isn't happening. Sounds like an epic fuck."

Kyle laughed and lowered his face in his hands. "Okay. So missionary, doggie facing that way, then what?"

"You cum in my mouth," She said firmly.

"Alright then. Do you turn or do I?"

"I turn, you're standing up, I'm on my knees, giving it all this," She said, miming the motions of giving him a blowjob.

"You should choreograph porn," Kyle said. "So what then? You get dressed?"

"Hell, no. By that point I'm just getting warmed up and so are you, right?"

"Okay."

"So after you've cum you go down on me, make me cum. Here on the floor?" She suggested assuming a different position.

"Fuck it, sounds good."

"Then when you're hard again, I roll you on your back here, suck you, ride you with lots of enthusiasm and bouncyness. Don't forget the bouncy."

He chuckled. "I won't."

"Then I orgasm and then you do too. Where though? Inside me, or in my mouth again?" She smiled up at him from the floor of the Chinook. "What would you prefer?"

"You're the one putting this together," He replied. "Go for it."

"Okay, in my mouth again, so there's no need for spillage from my pussy," She nodded.

"Great. And then you get dressed because we're on our way back in to land?"

"Yes. With just enough time to recover our breath and for you to warn me to keep this to myself and standby for another phone call or visit or whatever," She added. "Sounds good to me."



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 33
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Okay," Kyle said, frowning. "Take off, I kiss you, you get on your knees and blow me. Then I take off your dress, throw it down there, mish on the floor right there, then doggie with you looking out the back. Then you turn and I stand up, cumshot, swallow. End of part one."

Sarah giggled, but nodded. "And then?"

"We lie down, I go down on you, admire your tattoo and then you suck me, ride me like a trampoline and then I cum in your mouth again."

"Excellent. I like the trampoline bit."

"Yeah?"

"Yeah. Nice touch," She said, resuming her seat.

"Oh, yeah. You swallow again," He grinned. "This is so fucking bizarre."

"Hey, we could have just done it, if that would have been easier for you," She shrugged. "As it is I'm getting off this helicopter and going straight to my room for some private time."

Ordinarily Kyle would have burst out laughing at that, but he shook his head, his face serious.

"Sarah, I think when we land, Edwin will want to find out what happened," Kyle pointed out.

"Oh, fuck. And I have to lie to him and not get caught," She said, sighing.

"You can do it though, because you know that within two days at the most, this will be resolved one way or the other," Kyle pointed out.

"How's it going to end, Kyle?" Sarah asked. "Can you have him arrested?"

"I don't know, but I'll find out."

"And what if you can't?" She asked, her tone serious as she looked at him. "What if you can't?"

Kyle felt sick at the thought of what he might have to do to protect himself. It wasn't just himself though. It was his sisters, Patricia and Sarah too.

"So much for an easy week in paradise," He muttered.

Kyle walked back to the house, trying to appear physically tired but inside he was elated. The conversation on the Chinook with Sarah had yielded more, much more than he had hoped. He knew that Edwin was guilty of manipulating the poor girl, lying to her, sexual harassment, hell, probably sexual assault, blackmail and a load of other stuff thrown in too.

Now Kyle had an ally, had confirmation that Edwin was a manipulative fucker, and had the location of the entry point into the safe house. He just had to figure out a way to let Connor know where and ask him if he could stake it out somehow.

First though, he had to get to his suite, get into a bath or a shower or something and hopefully avoid an argument with Patricia too.

"I could just tell her everything that's going on," He thought to himself, but for some reason it didn't feel right. It wasn't that he didn't trust her, but that he knew the fewer people who knew a secret the more likely it was to be kept quiet.

Plus, he was concerned about the possibility of there being cameras in the suite and her acting differently, or saying something and letting the cat out of the bag.

"Hi Shmi," Kyle said as he entered the suite. "How's it going?"

"Fine," She said neutrally. "I'll see you after dinner." At that she grabbed a laptop and left the room, closing the door behind her.

Kyle frowned, then realise she could be pissed that he was up in the Chinook with Sarah, taking it as a betrayal of her friend.

"Patricia?"

"Back here, Kyle."

Kyle wandered into his bathroom. "How's it going?"

"Fine. Sit down, because we need to talk, Kyle," She said simply. "I know you weren't talking to Julian, I know you were up in the helicopter, and I know who with."

"I was up in the helicopter with Sarah," Kyle nodded, then tried to remember the cover story for his cover story, shaking his head as he realised how complicated this was getting. "Right, yeah, Sarah. After I told you last night that I figured she was the one who sneaked in here the other night, I wanted to talk her somewhere she couldn't run away."

"So why not a meeting room?"

Kyle shrugged. "You can run out the door of a meeting room, so I thought a helicopter would make her a captive audience. Anyway, we spoke for a bit, she denied it, denied it some more and then eventually admitted it."

"And then?" Patricia asked pointedly.

"And then she tried to seduce me. Can you believe it?"

"Well, yeah. She's a slut, remember." Patricia looked at him. "So did it work? Her seducing you?"

"What? No." Kyle replied quickly, shaking his head as if she'd suggested he launch fireworks from his rectum. Kyle took the opportunity to place his hands on her hips. "No, she didn't seduce me. I'm not interested in Sarah. I am interested in you though."

"You realise that you're saying that right after you've been alone with a woman who fucked you only a few nights ago," She pointed out, then added, "And you were alone with her where no-one could possibly wak in on you."

Kyle sat on the edge of the bath and stirred his finger through the blue-green water for a second. "Do you remember yesterday when I figured out who the boogeylady was?"

"Of course."

"Did you trust me then?" Kyle asked.

"Yes," She replied, frowning.

"Then trust me now, Patricia," He told her. "Nothing's changed, nothing's different. I've been on my best behaviour."

"But you did lie to me," She pointed out. "You should have just told me where you were going instead of lying to me about Julian's extended workout planning."

"And I apologise for that, but you would have wanted to come along, and I didn't want to have to say no to you," Kyle improvised. "Now, I really need to get in the bath, and if you fancy doing that soapy-massage thing you do, then that would be like a little piece of heaven."

She frowned, and sat back on the unit opposite the bath while Kyle pulled off his top, kicked off his sneakers and socks and then dropped his shorts.

He tried not to smile as he saw her eyes flicker down to that spot between his legs, only for a second, but enough that he saw her lick her lips a few seconds later.

Kyle slid into the hot water, sighing in pleasure. He hated lying in general, and more specifically to Patricia after she'd spent the week looking after him, keeping him sane and especially after they became physical. It was one of those things that he knew people justified as 'doing it for the best', usually when they were trying to explain it after it blew up in their faces.

"Patricia," He said softly a moment later, rolling his head to make eye contact with her.

"Yes?"

"At some point tonight can you let Connor know I'd like to see him? Maybe go out on a speedboat for a bit?"

"You've got a busy day, Kyle, and your friends are here too, remember?"

"Yeah, I know. Even just ten minutes," He said.

"You're not going to be able to recruit him, you know?" She said, tilting her head.

"I'm trying though, plus I thought I'd invite him to come visit us in LA. Familiar face and all that." Kyle knew it sounded flimsy, but he couldn't just come right out and say that he needed to tell Connor the location of the entrance to the safehouse.

She frowned. "I'll call him now and set it up for after dinner."

"Can you do it later?" Kyle asked, watching her.

"I can do it now. It'll only take a minute."

"Yeah," Kyle smiled. "But that's a minute longer you're not in here with me."

She gave him a look, kind of 'I want to be angry with you but I can't get rid of this smile', and Kyle raised a hand free of the bathwater and crooked a finger.

"Come on."

She raised a finger in warning. "Okay, but only to massage your muscles. Don't think you're getting any fun-time. You're still in my bad books for lying to me."

Kyle knew from her expression that she didn't really mean a word of it, but he was happy to take her at her word, rather than have to worry about the thought of having sex while Edwin watched or listened.

He sat forward in the bath, making room behind him for her and he watched as she stepped out her heels, removed her charcoal business suit, jacket first and then skirt. She unbuttoned her white blouse and Kyle smiled at the sight of her in white lace underwear.

"You look hot," He murmured.

She winked. "I know."

Kyle chuckled, falling silent as she slipped off her bra and panties and then stepped behind him into the water. He leaned back slowly as her legs slid alongside his hips, and he felt her arms wrap around him as he rested his head against her shoulder.

"I should really make you shower before I get in here with you," She whispered in his ear. "Now my shoulder's all covered in sweat from your hair while I'm sitting in your dirty bath water."

"And I thought you liked my bodily fluids too," He grinned, earning a slap on his chest for his trouble.

"Have you got the soap?" She asked a moment later.

"Nope." Kyle was lying there with his eyes shut, loving the feeling of resting on her body in the hot water.

"No soap, no massage," She whispered in his ear.

"I don't want to move anyway," He replied. "Can we just stay here and order room service? Occasionally top up the water?"

He felt her wrap herself around him a little tighter. "Yeah, that would be nice for now, but in a couple of hours we'd be wrinkled like prunes, and no-one wants to see that."

"We'll turn the lights off. Then no-one has to see it."

"Sounds like you've got it all figured out."

"Nearly. Still working on a few of the technicalities though."

They lay there in silence for another few minutes and Kyle realised he was nearly asleep. The days events had been mentally draining and physically tiring too, so lying in the bath with Patricia cradling him against her proved to be more relaxing than he thought possible.

He sighed. "We better make a move, I suppose."

"Good call. Plus, if we have dinner, a few drinks and some fun with your friends, then we can get up to bed all the quicker." He felt her lips press against his cheek.

"You have all the best ideas."

It took a few minutes before Kyle finally gave in and got out the bath, stepping into the shower for a quick rinse off and to wash his hair. Patricia disappeared into his dressing room, sorted out an outfit and then went to her own room to get dressed.

By the time she returned Kyle had his jeans, sneakers and a sleeveless black v-necked top on, and was sitting looking at the hooded jersey on the bed.

Patricia was wearing a pair of washed out jeans, tight figure hugging numbers that showed her off very nicely, with a pair of retro sneakers. On top she wore a simple white t-shirt, her blonde hair up in a ponytail, and only a hint of makeup on.

"How do I look?" She asked, a worried expression on her face.

"You look great. Are you alright?" Kyle asked.

"I'm.. a bit nervous about meeting your friends," She admitted. "I've been up here all day and haven't had the chance yet, and I want them to like me."

Kyle laughed. "Wear a bikini. They'll be your best friends in ten seconds flat."

"It's not funny, Kyle," She said quickly. "I'm worried about this."

"Why?"

She rolled her eyes. "Because if they think I'm a bitch, or an airhead, or if they get it in their heads that I'm manipulating you, they'll tell you that and turn you against me."

Kyle shook his head. "They're not like that, Patricia."

"I don't mean they're bad people, but if your friends think someone is bad for you, they'd tell you, right?"

Kyle smiled. "You're totally reading too much into this. Just chill. Have dinner, have a chat with them. If Ed's being an asshole, make a joke and tell him he's being an asshole. Case will think you're awesome for doing it, and Ed will probably spend the rest of the night hitting on you and saying innapropriate shit."

"They know about me though, right?" She asked.

Kyle thought for a second then shook his head. "Haven't told them about you. Apart from you looking after me and stuff, but nothing about me and you."

She bit her lip. "I don't know if that's a good thing or a bad thing."

"Stop worrying about it," Kyle chuckled. "Anyway, why did you leave a hoody out for me?"

She winked. "Cunning plan. You wear the hoody down, take it off at the table when you sit down and then your friends can admire your new physique."

Kyle laughed. "It's not a gay porn movie."

"Hey, they'll notice. Trust me."

"Besides, I haven't exactly sprouted muscles," Kyle added.

"I love that you can't see the difference," Patricia said, moving forward. "You're leaner now, Kyle, but you're also stronger. Basically you've got definition where you didn't have it before, and that makes you look....."

"Makes me look what?"

She grinned. "Very fuckable."

He chuckled. "You know how to compliment a guy."

"I try," She smirked. "Now, do I look okay, or should I go change again?"

"You look great," Kyle said, getting to his feet. He kissed her once on the lips, then steered her out the door with him. "And stop with the stressing."

"I'm just worried."

"You don't need to. Just be you."

"Oh, you forgot the jersey," She said, but Kyle grabbed her hand and pulled her out onto the balcony. "Don't you want it?"

"I like the idea, Patricia, but it's too theatrical and the guys would see through it in two seconds flat," He smiled. Kyle paused to grab his cigarettes and smiled as he followed a reluctant Patricia down the stairs. It was kinda fun seeing her without her usual one hundred percent confidence.

Dinner was fantastic, with excellent food and good company. Ed and Casey had sat down either side of Kara, with Margarita sliding into the seat next to Casey, much to Kyle and Katie's amusement. Garius sat on the other side of Ed, and throughout the evening the two of them kept bantering back and forth, Ed claiming Garius was hitting on him, and Garius denying it as Ed wasn't hot enough for him.

The put-downs between the two were really funny, and between that, Margarita and Casey's obvious interest in each other, and Patricia's nerves, Kyle was having a blast.

At a little after eight he disappeared to see Connor, who met him at the end of the pier. They opted for a quick chat, where Kyle brought him rapidly up to speed with the location of the entrance and what Edwin had been up to with Sarah.

Connor gave him a firm look and pointed out to him that he had to consider how to deal with this once they'd figured out how to access the saferoom and hopefully got rid of anything that Edwin was using to set up Kyle and his sisters. The final problem with Edwin would have to be handled carefully, whatever Kyle chose to do.

He had nodded, feeling subdued, and Connor had left after saying he would do what he could to figure out how to get into the saferoom, and that he'd be back in touch in the morning.

Kyle returned to the house, still feeling deflated, unable to get his mind off the situation.

When he got there, Ed was sketching a portrait of Louisa, and despite her pleas to see it, he refused until he was finished. Kyle knew what was coming next and whispered to Patricia that she should watch Louisa's reaction. As expected, the table burst out laughing as Ed revealed his sketch, a drawing of Louisa's face on Garfields body, stuffing her face with Lasagna and wearing a bikini. Louisa thought it was brilliant and wanted to keep it, so Katie promised to have it framed for her.

A short while later, Kyle had pushed his chair back a few feet from the table to have a cigarette, and he was surprised as Patricia pushed hers back to join him. Her hand slipped into his, her fingers lacing between his, and she pulled his hand onto her lap. It was very casual, very comfortable and intimate, and Kyle looked at her, aware they were drawing several glances from those around the table.

"You feeling okay?" He asked, a questionning look on his face.

"I'm thinking if all of us already know, then what's the point of keeping it a secret?" She admitted quietly. "Besides, I'm feeling affectionate."

Kyle shrugged. "It's fine by me."

"Hey, monkeyboy," Ed said, looking sharply at Kyle. "You been slamming the fun parts with this fine piece of hotness and keeping it fucking quiet? From me?"

Garius leaned over a little towards Ed and said loud enough for everyone at the table to hear, "Shhh. It's like watching deer drinking from a stream, or two teenage homosexuals coming out the closet together. You have to be careful not to spook them or they'll run away."

"Fucks sake," Kyle laughed, used to Ed's unusual turn of phrase.

"As if you all didn't know," Patricia said, a shy smile on her face.

"She's so fucking far out your league it's like watching acne-boy humping the leg of Wonder Woman," Ed said, shaking his head. His gaze flicked to Patricia. "You're Wonder Woman, just in case you were wondering."

Kyle grinned. "Fuck off, Ed."

"Just for that, knobsock, I'm gonna have to fucking draw acne-boy humping the leg of Wonder Woman, with Patricia's gorgeous face and your fugly fucking features on it," Ed grinned.

"Don't," Kyle said, appearing unconcerned as he shook his head. "You'll only get them mixed up again, and end up drawing you getting boned by one of the X-Men."

"Get it right, ball-sucker!" Ed said, his finger in the air. "It was me getting anally fisted by Wolverine, in a dress."

"Wolverine had the dress on," Casey added, laughing.

"Wait," Garius said sharply, turning and smiling at Ed. "You drew yourself? Getting fisted by Hugh Jackman? Someone needs to come out of the closet of denial."

Kyle was sitting chuckling as Ed and Garius immediately launched into a lengthy discussion of Ed's heterosexual history and at end of every single story, Garius gave him a psychological translation proving that Ed 'loves the cock', as he put it. Everyone around the table was laughing and having a great time, and Kyle was sore from laughing as he saw Ed get tied in verbal knots, time and again.

"He can do this for hours," Patricia whispered. "It's really funny."

"It's fucking hysterical." Kyle could see Ed almost beginning to believe Garius that he actually was homosexual and hadn't come to terms with it. Eventually it came down to one point, and Patricia nudged Kyle to pay attention.

"So after all that, there's only one question remaining, Ed," Garius told him calmly. "Are you always so easy to mess with?" As Ed saw he'd been duped, Garius stuck his tongue out.

To his credit, Ed took it in his stride, going back to his original point that Garius just wanted him, despite his denials that Ed wasn't hot enough.

At around eleven Casey excused himself and a few minutes later Margarita did the same, provoking a lot of knowing looks around the table and more than a few chuckles.

Kyle took the opportunity to call it a night a few minutes later. Between his late night exercise with Patricia the night before and the draining day he was shattered. To his surprise, Katie and Kara got up and walked with him, following him upstairs until they were sat on the balcony. Kyle lit up and smiled as Kara stole her daily cigarette out his packet.

"This is my favourite part of the day," Kara admitted. "But today's been a lot of fun."

Kyle smiled. "Glad you're enjoying yourself."

"Margarita and Louisa think you're really cool," Katie said to Kara. "They really like you."

Kara made a surprised face, and smiled a little. "That's good, I guess."

"You guys should hang out when you're in New York," Kyle suggested.

Kara nodded. "Sounds good. Hey, how's your LA trip looking?"

"Exhausting," Kyle replied. "I've got a manic schedule from six or seven every morning until midnight for most of the trip. I get the feeling I'll come back from California whiter than I was when I got there."

"But you've got Patricia to keep you company," Katie grinned, adding a wink for good measure.

"Yeah, what was with her tonight, all touchy-feely?" Kara asked. "It was like seeing a whole new side to her."

"How do you mean?"

"Well, she usually comes across as a bit cold, all professional and efficient," Katie explained.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 34
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Tonight she was all affectionate. Like a kitten," Kara smiled. "She seemed a lot more... human."

"Kara!" Kyle protested. "She's a nice girl."

"I can see that," His sister replied. "All I'm saying is that most of the time she's a bit intimidating and tonight she was really nice. I'm trying to say something nice," She added.

"I guess I don't see her how you guys do," Kyle said. "Although she did say when I first met her that women generally don't get on with her at first."

Katie and Kara exchanged glances.

"She told you that?" Katie asked.

Kyle nodded. "Yeah, we chat a lot."

"Anyway, how are you doing?" Kara asked. "You've been looking like you've got a lot on your mind today."

Kyle remembered the explanations he'd prepared. "Yeah, I've been getting George Crowler to make sure Katie's two friends from Myrtle Beach are not running their mouths off."

"I thought it was taken care of," Katie said, frowning.

"It is," He assured her. "I'll get him to give you the details tomorrow if you want, but if you don't know then you're better off."

"Kyle, it's nothing.... dodgy, is it?"

"Oh, fuck no," He assured them both. "No, it's all charitable foundations and career ladders and flash cars. Nothing bad."

"That's good," Katie replied. "I don't want any threats or blackmail or anything."

"Yeah, no-one likes a blackmailer," He muttered.

"So when we get to New York," Kara said. "I think every night we have to get on the phone with each other and have a chat, just like we do here."

"Conference call?" Kyle asked. "I like the idea. It seems weird considering we've only been here for six days, but I'm gonna miss you guys."

"We were saying the same thing earlier," Katie replied. "Kara didn't expect to bond with us at all."

"And now?"

Kara smiled. "Cautiously optimistic. Despite our... history, I'm not unhappy that you guys are my siblings. At least you're not arrogant assholes."

"Not yet anyway," Kyle said, stubbing out his cigarette. "Cautiously optimistic? I like that."

He bent and gave them both a kiss on the head as he had the previous night. "Night, girls."

"Night, Kyle," They replied in unison before bursting into a round of giggles.

Patricia was already in bed when he entered the bedroom, so he stripped off his top, had a wash and brushed his teeth in the bathroom and then finished disrobing before he slipped into bed.

"You took your time," She murmured, sliding on top of him, and to his surprise, reaching for his phone on the bedside table.

"Interesting time to make a call," He said, grinning at her.

"Shush," She murmured, flicking the screen open.

Patricia slid back off his lap and settled down beside him, his arm around her shoulders. As Kyle watched, she opened the browser, directed it to a porn site and then clicked on a video.

"We're watching porn?" He asked, one eyebrow raised.

"Slide down the bed a bit, Kyle," She ordered, and to his surprise, she pulled the sheet over their heads, placing the tablet-sized screen between them. Then she turned and looked at him and raised a finger to her lips.

Her hands went to the tablet and she minimised the browser, the sound of a couple engaged in horny chat still audible in the background, and she opened a word processing document and began to type rapidly.

What happened with Sarah? There's something going on you're not talking about. Can you talk here?"

Kyle looked at her, smiling as he was reminded how smart he was. She knew there was something going on, but had not asked him so she'd engineered this type of communication to find out.

He leaned over and kissed her. Patricia smiled, but pushed him back and said aloud, "Watch the movie first. I want to see what turns you on."

Kyle took the tablet and began to type his own message.

Long story. Don't react. This place could be bugged!!!! Hunch though. Edwin denied island has a safehouse. Crowler said there is. Sarah sent by Edwin. He's been blackmailing her for a year for sexual favours. Fucking creep. Also think he's setting me/Kara/Katie up for blackmail too. Don't freak out.

She gave him a very concerned look, but turned her attention back to the tablet a moment later.

WTF? Also, guy gives me the creeps, so not that surprised. What are you doing about it?"

He knew he couldn't tell her that Edwin was stalking her, not now. Before he could reply though, Patricia opened the porn window again, and typed 'BDSM', 'Anal' and 'Slut' into the search box.

"Really?" He asked aloud.

"A girl likes what a girl likes," She replied, sounding flirtly but looking unhappy. She clicked on the first video of a girl strapped to a frame with a butt plug in her ass, turned the sound up and minimised the window again.

Kyle took the tablet and typed.

Have located bunker/safehouse entrance. Connor checking it out. Will let me know tomorrow. Also, Sarah on our side now. Told her if E being a creep she should just come up here. Cover story is that I'm screwing her on the side and you don't know. Not actually touching her though, okay!!!! Too into you! x

Patricia read the message, and Kyle could see she was taking a minute to process it. "Nasty video, but hot," He said aloud, just to pass the time.

Patricia picked up the tablet and began to type once more.

You've been busy! Connor onside is good. Crowler helping is good too. What do you need me to do?

Kyle typed quickly on the screen. It was getting really hot under the sheet and the sooner they could lift it and admit some fresh air, the better.

Act normal. Act a bit pissed if you suspect there's something going on with me/Sarah if you want? Don't say anything. Also, be flexible if I need to meet with Connor/Crowler/Sarah. Can't think of anything else. Normal behaviour is good!!!

The video ended, so Patricia clicked on one of the suggested ones, this time of a woman tied up, getting spanked by another woman while a guy stuck his dick in her face. Then she typed out a response.

Okay. Normal I can do. What about the bugs? Audio? Video? What?

Kyle typed back quickly.

Don't know. Only a hunch. Can't confirm.

Patricia replied quicker.

Might not be any at all? Lot to think about. Will be awake for a while. What about sex?

Kyle gave her a quizzical look, drawing a shrug from her in reply, and another rapidly typed message.

Do you want to? We can keep the sheets over us. Plus it's normal and I've been horny all fucking night long. Understand if you're not in the mood. Btw, really like these videos!!!

Kyle grinned. If she was up for it, then he was too, and if keeping a sheet over them gave them enough of an illusion of privacy while knowing they might be recorded, then alll was good.

Couldn't keep my hands off you if I tried x

She fixed him with a wicked smile, then shut the word processing software, maximising the porn screen.

"Hey, it's really stuffy and hot under here, Patricia," Kyle said a moment later. "Can't we just lift the sheet up a bit?"

"I suppose," She replied, smiling.

While they sorted themselves out, Patricia moved Kyle's arm back around her shoulders and she snuggled into him, one hand holding the porn movie on the screen so they could both see it.

"You want to keep watching?" Kyle asked, flicking the bedroom light off.

"Is that okay?" Patricia replied. "I have to admit, I'm a bit of a porn junkie."

"Quite extreme in your tastes too." He chuckled.

"This isn't extreme," She said, flashing him a grin. "This is almost vanilla in comparison to some of the stuff I like."

"Sounds like you and Ed should share your collections. I bet you'd have a lot of doubles."

"You want to talk about your friends porn collection when you're in bed with me, butt naked?" She asked, teasing him.

"Point taken. So show me some of the stuff you're into," Kyle suggested. "I'm not easily shocked."

Patricia turned her head and looked at him, as if trying to decide if she should or not. "You might end up more shocked than you think."

"Try it and find out."

For the next hour, Patricia flicked through all manner of videos. Most of them involved some form of submissive behaviour on the womans part, and featured things like bondage, spanking, rough sex, choking, spitting, forced orgasms, throat fucking, double penetration, butt plugs, public humiliation, all performed on the woman by a Dominant figure, sometimes males, sometimes females and on a few occasions, both. All of them featured anal.

It was a bit of an eye opener for Kyle and not really something he was into himself, but the thought that it turned her on turned him on, and when Patricia couldn't stand waitng any more, she lay down on top of him, put her legs either side of his and took him inside her.

Kyle knew without a doubt that if she'd thrown the sheet back, she'd have been trying to take his cock up her ass, but she was as aware as he was that there might have been some kind of recording device, so she managed to restrain herself enough to stay lying down on him.

Patricia came just before he did. She took the time to lick him clean afterwards, and then drifted off to sleep within minutes.

Kyle lay there in the dark, trying to figure out what tomorrow was going to bring.

Kyle woke up and checked the time.

"Ten minutes until I'm due to get up," He murmured, clicking the light onto it's lowest setting. He turned and looked at the beautiful woman by his side, spread like a starfish across the bed, her hair half covering her face.

He smiled and adjusted the sheet, pulling it up a little. The temptation was there to just slide a hand in, touch her in certain places and be balls deep inside her within a minute, but he knew she'd had a restless night.

"No point in both of us getting up," He muttered and slid out of bed. A couple of minutes in the bathroom and then a quick trip into the dressing room, and Kyle was ready to go workout.

He jogged down slowly, warming his muscles up for what was to come, saying good morning to the members of staff that he saw out and about. As he turned the corner heading for the gym, he heard a low whistle and saw Connor sitting under a palm tree. He looked like he'd been drinking all night.

"Morning," Kyle said, his good mood evaporating. His nostrils flared at the scent of scotch at the same time as he saw the half-bottle in the Scotsmans hand.

Connor winked, then beckoned him over with a nod of his head.

"Alrighty, ya wee dobber," Connor slurred happily, yet Kyle could see in his eyes that he didn't look drunk. He held out a hand to Kyle as if asking for help to get up, and when Kyle reached out, Connor palmed him a small piece of paper. He tried not to grin.

"You're right sober, man. Ye need tae party harder."

Kyle crouched down facing Connor and glanced down at the note. Code 4162, Pastry Kitchen door. Leads to ladder down. At bottom another combination, plus scanner. Need to catch E tonight when he's on his way down. Will call you. Up for it?

Kyle looked up and nodded. "Yeah, but I can't party like you, Connor," He added.

Connor reached out and grabbed his hand, taking the paper back off him and stood up, swaying slightly.

"You're hammered," Kyle said, on the off-chance anyone was listening or watching. If Connor thought it important enough to act like he was drunk, then he should probably play along.

Connor pulled a cigarette from behind his ear and made a big deal of trying to light it, neatly setting fire to the paper in the process as he lit up.

"Aye, you and me should party one night when we're in LA," Connor slurred, leaning back against the tree as if he was falling over. The burnt piece of paper drifted to the ground, consumed.

"From what I hear I'll need a weekend to party and the rest of the week to recover," Kyle said, smiling. The fact that Connor had got the first part of the combination, and then got inside was great news. Real progress.

"Why fucking recover? Just keep partying," Connor smiled, clapping him on the shoulder as he stood on the consumed paper and casually twisted his foot. "And, and cut out this six in the morning workout shit. It's depressingly healthy."

"You could join me in the gym right now, Connor?" Kyle suggested, laughing as the Scotsman wandered off, the tap of his cane loud on the pavement.

"Aye, but I'd make you look like a wee bitch. Nae chick wants to blow you after seeing that, Kyle."

Kyle grinned and jogged off to see Julian.

His workout was far superior to yesterdays last one, and he broke seven of his personal records, worked his ass off, and wasn't in absolute agony when he was done. Julian put it down to the injections helping heal his injured muscles and his body reacting well to the diet and exercise.

Kyle promised to see him later and then took a brisk walk back to the house. Patricia had drawn him a bath, but had already showered and dressed herself and was hard at work with Lakshmi sorting through resumes.

"You two know it's only quarter to seven, right?" Kyle said as he headed for the bathroom.

"We know," Lakshmi nodded. "The early bird catches the early worm."

"I like to think of us as partially insane myself," Patricia chuckled.

He bathed, ran the clippers over his face to get the stubble back to the right length, and did all the other bits and pieces guys do to try and look good, and then got dressed.

He was sat on the balcony enjoying a cigarette and a cup of coffee before breakfast when Patricia and Lakshmi came out to join him.

"Right, let's hear todays schedule then," He said.

"Someone's firing on all cylinders today."

"He is, isn't he," Patricia replied, giving him a quizzical look.

"Good work out," Kyle explained. "So I'm treating myself to coffee and a cigarette, and no, the irony is not lost on me. So what's happening?"

"Easy day," Lakshmi said, pulling out a sheet of paper. "Breakfast at seven thirty with a briefing on dealing with the media until half nine."

"Easy day? You're gonna kill my good mood," Kyle grinned.

"After that," Lakshmi said, pressing on," You're seeing Doctor Kerr, then Shiro at the salon for a trim."

"Sounds good." His eyes caught Patricia and he could see her trying not to laugh.

"After that you've got half an hour with Margaret," Lakshmi said cautiously.

Kyle facepalmed himself. "I knew the gods were out to get me today."

"She's going to run through your wardrobe choices with you and has a shortlist of stylists for you to interview when you get to LA."

"I've to interview them?" Kyle asked.

"She doesn't trust us with it," Patricia said, grinning. "You'll just have to get on with it."

"Then you're doing it," Kyle said, nodding at her. "If I have to put up with her for half an hour, then you're doing the interviews, Patricia."

"I knew I shouldn't have laughed," She muttered but made a note.

"Next? And please tell me it's something fun."

Lakshmi made a reluctant face. "You've got me and Patricia going through the list of dates, with updates on your shortlist and a few new ones to add on too."

Kyle sighed. "And then I'm back at the gym, then lunch, right?"

She nodded. "Yes. But you do have the entire afternoon free."

"Really?" Kyle asked. That sounded weird. "You're sure?"

"It's right here." She held up the piece of paper. "All afternoon. Free time with friends."

"So a few hours of hell, then play time?"

"Jesus, Kyle," Patricia muttered. "You've got a half day. If you were at home you'd be working until five or six. Stop being a grump."

He grinned. "Yes, dear."

"Now then, recruitment," Patricia said, moving swiftly on while Lakshmi tried not to laugh. "We're canning the idea of seperate media relations for each of you right now. It's going to make more sense for one spokesperson for all three of you, and then there's no mixed messages or contradictory statements."

Kyle shrugged. "Okay."

"The shortlists are done for the rest of what we need right now, so we're getting them to meet us the day after tomorrow. Shmi and I will get the interviews done and that's going to tie us up a bit, but you're going to be busy with other things. We will need you to pop in during each interview though."

"Why?"

"To see how each of them react to you," She explained. "You come in and hit them with a couple of rapid questions then walk back out again. It allows us to see how they react under pressure, what they're like if they've screwed up."

"That's sneaky," Kyle said. "I like it."

"One of Mister Tripps habits," Lakshmi explained. "He turned me into a nervous wreck during my interview."

"Patricia?"

"Me?" She shook her head. "I nailed the answers, then turned the tables on him and quizzed him about a statement he'd made in an interview. He hired me on the spot."

"Fantastic," Kyle smiled. "Okay, I trust you guys with the recruitment, and I don't know shit about what I'm heading into at LA, so do what you have to do, hire or fire as you see fit, and just try to keep me from making too many fuckups, okay?"

Lakshmi nodded, and Patricia said, "Sure."

"Anything else, or should we go get breakfast?"

Breakfast was eaten and over depressingly quick, the high point of which was Casey and Margarita showing up a little late and getting a bit of a ribbing about making too much noise. Kyle knew the rooms were all nearly soundproof, but they didn't know that and he found it funny watching them squirm a bit.

All too soon though, their briefing on the media started and Casey, Margarita and Louisa excused themself to go for a walk round the Island. Kyle sat through the importance of controlling the flow of information to the media, be it the paparazzi and gossip columnists or the tech magazines and business press. Feeding the beast, they called it.

His visit to Doctor Kerr perked him up a little though as she gave him a full physical, complimenting him on how rapidly he'd got into shape, and then kicked him out with a clean bill of health. Shiro gave him a trim, showed him a couple of different ways to style his hair and then got Kyle to do it and gave him some pointers, and then he was being reluctantly dragged off to meet Margaret.

As he expected, she didn't react well to the news that Patricia would be selecting his stylist, so after huffing and grumbling for a few minutes, she eventually handed over two resumes with an announcement of, "I guess even you'll find it hard to screw this one up, but I won't hold my breath."

Margaret then began to go through colour charts for casual and formal wear, showing him what worked for him in what scenario, casually arranging his wardrobe as she explained it all. Kyle didn't react well to the way she spoke to him, as if she thought he was still in kindergarten and eventually he had enough.

He resorted to asking her to explain every point she made at least six times before he let her move on, and by the time he had done that on three different points, Patricia appeared and told him it was time for his next meeting.

Margaret bustled away, looking a little more pissed than normal, although Kyle had to admit to himself it was hard to tell.

"Nice tactic," Patricia muttered when Margaret was out of earshot.

"What? I don't understand, Margaret. Can you explain that bit again?" Kyle grinned.

"I had to go to the bathroom so you wouldn't hear me laughing. I thought she was going to have a stroke at one point."

"I'll try harder next time," Kyle said, laughing. "Right, what's next in this morning of hell?"

"Me and Lakshmi."

Kyle sighed. "Ordinarily that would fill me with joy, but it's the dates list, isn't it?"

"Sure is."

"Fuck."

"Which reminds me," Patricia said. "I need to talk to you after we're done with this."


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 35
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Sure. What about?" Kyle asked.

"Nothing major. We can do it after your workout."

"In the bath?" Kyle suggested.

"If you want," She nodded.

"Cool. Right, let's get this over with, shall we?"

Kyle opted for the balcony, so he could have a smoke while they chatted.

"Alright, Kyle," Lakshmi began. "This won't take too long. We've got a few new files for you to look over as possible additions to the list."

He rolled his eyes. "Shoot."

"First one is Charlize Theron," Lakshmi explained. "She should have been on the list anyway, because she's shown an interest."

Patricia rolled her eyes. "I still say she's too old for him."

"Whatever. Charlie's nice and at least I've met her, so she'd have a reason for knowing me," Kyle said. "Put her on the list."

"Next is an actress called Addison Timlin," Lakshmi said, handing him a photo.

"The girl from Californication who played the actress playing Mia?" Kyle said, then frowned. "Did I say that right? Was her character called Sasha?"

"That's her," Patricia nodded. "We think she's single, so what do you think? Could you see her out on a date with you?"

"No, I can't see it, but she'd look good," Kyle replied.

"So that's another yes," Lakshmi noted. "Right, next up is Ari Graynor, another actress."

"I recognise her," Kyle nodded, then shrugged. "Sure."

"Right," Lakshmi said, giving him a funny look.

"What is it?"

"Nothing. Just.. you seem to be quite chilled about this in comparison to the last time we talked about it," She said carefully.

"That's easy," He said, smiling. "This is never gonna happen, so I'm not worried about it now."

Patricia raised an eyebrow. "Wait and see, Kyle."

"Sure. Who else?"

"Elizabeth Olsen."

"Is she one of those annoying twins?" Kyle asked, looking unhappy.

"No, their younger sister. She's an up-and-comer this year, and she's different from her sisters. Made a huge splash at Sundance too."

"Don't know. Reserve list maybe? Some more information."

"Sure," Lakshmi said, nodding. "Hey, did you ever watch True Blood?"

"Love that show," Kyle nodded.

"Deborah Ann Woll?" Lakshmi asked. "Plays Jessica, the vampire."

"If she's single put her on the list," Kyle replied. "I've seen a couple of interviews she's done and she seems like she'd be a good laugh."

"Excellent."

"Is there more?"

"Last one, another actress. Jessica Stroup," Lakshmi said, flicking through the pages in her binder.

"Never heard of her," Kyle said. "In fairness, I'm not exactly a celebrity gossip fiend."

"Here." Lakshmi handed over a photo of a girl with dark hair and really piercing eyes.

Kyle frowned. "That's Jennifer Connelly. No, wait." He looked up. "That resemblance is freaky. Are they related?"

Lakshmi shrugged. "I don't think so, but that's Jessica Stroup. She's been in a lot of TV shows, but most recently the remake of 90210."

"Never seen it, but she's hot. That could be my Jennifer Connelly obsession thing kicking in though," He grinned.

"Obsession thing?" Patricia asked.

"Yeah, a few years back I got a huge man-crush on her and bought all her movies, put posters up in my dorm room, stuff like that.

"I think she's beautiful," Lakshmi nodded. "Those eyes. And she's really nice too."

"Oh, yes," Kyle nodded. "Pity she's not on the list."

"Want us to check her out?"

He shook his head. "She's married."

"She's too old for you anyway," Patricia added.

"I'd happily make an exception if she was single, and the universe turned on it's head enough that I'd stand a chance," Kyle said, smiling.

"Stop doing that," Patricia said sharply. "You keep putting yourself down, Kyle, and it's dumb. Sooner or later you're going to realise that you're a hot guy with a shitload of money, and a lot of women are going to throw themselves at you. You need to switch on to that fact."

"Well I just don't see it."

"Well you should, and you will," Patricia told him. "Can we press on with the meeting now please?"

"I thought that was it."

"No, there's a few updates on the four names you selected on the first pass. Shmi?"

"Okay, Eva Green is at home in France having a few months off, so there's nothing happening there."

"That's one down," Kyle said, looking pointedly at Patricia.

"Missy Peregrym is in Vancouver, but her sisters band have just been dropped by their record label and I asked our music guys to check them out," Lakshmi explained. "They think the lead singer has some potential so are checking out a few songwriters to work with her in the studio as a possibility."

"Her sisters band?" Kyle asked.

"Yes," Lakshmi nodded. "Her sister Amanda, is the lead singer of a band called Corrosive Productions, I think, although we're looking at a solo deal here with session musicians and our own songwriters."

"There's also another thing to consider, and that's our production company making a documentary about her recording her album. If we do that, then there's strong indications that Missy Peregrym will come down to LA for a day or two to support her sister and help promote the documentary."

"So that's the plan for me meeting her? Spend a fortune signing her sister to a record label, spend another fortune making a documentary, and all so I can walk into the studio to say hello?"

Lakshmi nodded. "Pretty much. Then you invite them both to your party, get her sister to play at it, then see where it goes from there."

"That's a ridiculous amount of money to spend just to set something like this up," Kyle stated.

"The record label wouldn't recommend her if they didn't think they could do something, and the documentary thing is a good idea anyway," Patricia added. "This will probably happen anyway regardless of your involvement."

"Wow, this is weird," Kyle said, realising that he might actually meet the girl he considered to be really frickin hot. Missy Peregrym. Weird.

"Weird or not, are you happy for us to take this forward?" Patricia asked.

"If the record label and production company think they can help her make good music then go for it," Kyle nodded.

"Cool," Lakshi said. "Next up, we're changing your schedule for an afternoon at the end of the first week. You've now got a photoshoot in the house. We checked out Charlotte Sullivan and she's quite an accomplished photographer, so our style magazine wants to run an editorial on you, and we've asked her to do the shots for it."

"Wait, what?"

"She hasn't accepted yet," Lakshmi continued, "But we expect to hear later today."

"Holy shit. So I've got a photoshoot with her now? It's only been a day or two and you've hooked up meetings with Missy Peregrym and Charlotte Sullivan already?"

"Told you we're good," Patricia winked.

"Although we haven't got anything sorted with Mila Kunis yet, but our production company is working on getting a meeting with her when you're in the building," Lakshmi added.

"Jesus," Kyle muttered.

"He only worked miracles," Patricia chuckled. "We're way better than that."

"I'm starting to see that," He replied.

"And we're done. Now go workout, and I'll see you when you get back," Patricia said.

"Lakshmi?"

"I've got a lot of calls to make to firm up travel arrangements so I'll be in the business suite downstairs."

"Okay."

Kyle popped inside and got some gym kit on, then walked down to meet Julian. While they worked out, this time hammering his arms and upper body, Julian explained how his workout schedule should change now. Half an hour of daily cardio, with alternating days on his arms, torso and legs. No more three workouts per day, only one in the morning, and that would keep him in great shape and continue to develop him for the time being.

Kyle thanked him and walked back to the main house, his arms hanging at his sides after what felt like a monster session, and he got into his suite to find Patricia already in the bath, waiting for him.

"Shower first," She said firmly, grinning at his disappointed expression.

Kyle washed the sweat off his body, rinsed and then slid into the bath, relaxing in Patricias arms.

"You really like this, don't you?" She whispered in his ear as he lay back on her.

"It's nice. Really relaxing and intimate," He admitted, his eyes closed.

"So I wanted to talk to you."

"You said that.".

"Last night I showed you all those videos," She began and Kyle smiled.

"That was a real eye opener. I had no idea you were into all that stuff."

"I know," She continued. "One of the reasons I showed you it was to see how you reacted, see what you would do when we had sex after that. It gave me a lot to think about."

"What?" Kyle asked. "You showed me then to see what I'd do?"

"Sort of," She said, stroking his chest with her fingertips. "Did they turn you on?"

"You turned me on," Kyle said immediately. "Knowing that you were into that was a bit of a turn on for me, but I found some of the videos a bit... rough."

"That's my point," She said gently.

"Hey, I think I could get into some of that stuff. Just takes a bit of getting used to the idea."

He felt her shake her head slowly. "It's okay that you're not into the same things I am, Kyle. That being said, I want that kind of sex life, and I can't see you choking me, or spitting on me. Likewise I know you can't put a collar on me and lead me into a fetish club like a dog on a chain."

"You're joking, right?" Kyle said, sitting up and half turning to face her. "You're dumping me?"

She smiled and shook her head. "No, that's not what I'm saying at all, Kyle."

"Then what are you getting at?"

"That you're into what you're into, and I'm into what I'm into, and that's okay. But there a lot of differences there."

"Okay. So what does that mean?"

"It means that us fucking is a lot of fun, but if your ultimate sexual fantasy is to make love and spiritually connect with someone, then mine is to get used and abused like a dirty slut." She paused and then frowned. "My point is, we're not going to be able to have a long-term relationship as a couple because our sexual tastes are too different."

"You don't know that," Kyle said, shaking his head. "Where the hell is all this coming from?"

"Lakshmi and I had a chat. Well, several chats," She admitted. "She was concerned what would happen if we kept seeing each other like we were dating, and then you dumped me, or if I wanted to dump you. She also pointed out that if you do date public figures then you have to be able to follow through."

"What?"

"We can't date. Not in public, and you know that. You'll never be able to have a threesome with me and another guy in case it gets out, or any of the other fantasies that I'd like to fulfill one day, and I don't want to fall in love."

"Jesus, Patricia," Kyle muttered. "So basically you're saying we can't see each other any more? Do you think being naked in the fucking bath with me was the best place to tell me that?"

He stood up to leave, but Patricia grabbed his hand.

"Wait. I'm not finished yet."

"There's more?" Kyle said, shaking his head. "And I thought I'd already had a shit morning." He sat down at the other end of the bath, facing her. "Go on then."

"As I was saying, we have a lot of differences, but there's also a lot of common ground too," She told him slowly. "I like fucking you, Kyle. I like sleeping with you, I like fooling around, I like the baths together and I don't want that to stop."

"What the fuck?" Kyle stared at her, confused and feeling hurt. "One second you're saying we can't date, we're too different sexually and I have to be able to fuck other people and you want to too. Is that right?"

She nodded.

"And now you're saying you want to keep doing what we've been doing, right after you said you want to stop?"

"That wasn't what I said," She protested.

"Then spell it out for me, because this is making no fucking sense at all."

"Alright, here's the bullet points," She said, taking a deep breath. "We can't date. We shouldn't become a couple. We can have fun though. We can hookup, say if neither of us is dating anyone and we fancy some fun. Like friends with benefits."

"Fuck buddies?"

"Yeah, basically," She nodded. "Continue doing what we've been doing, but with no expectations of a relationship and knowing that we're both open to date other people. When we're not, then we can... amuse each other."

Kyle sat there looking at her, feeling like his feet had been whisked out from under him and gravity hadn't decided if he should fall yet.

"I don't get it," He said a moment later. "You got all that from my reaction to your porn choices?"

"No, that just confirmed what I'd been considering, and Lakshmi was right to speak to me too. I needed to figure this out, so I did. This is a solution though, and it lets us continue to fool around. Plus, it makes things easier in the long run."

"How's that exactly?"

"Alright, let me give you a hypothetical. Say you go out on a date with... I don't know. Missy Peregrym, right? You two hit it off and she's into you, you're into her, and you can't stop yourself. It's magical and you want to keep seeing her. What happens then?"

"This is if me and you are still seeing each other?"

"Yeah. She turns out to be your soul-mate, so what happens then?"

"I guess we'd have to have a chat, work something out," Kyle shrugged. "I don't believe in soul mates though."

"So we have a chat, I get upset and my work goes to shit because I've been dumped. Do I quit? Should you fire me? Every time you look at me you're going to feel guilty and hate yourself." She paused and looked at him. "My point is, do you really want to go down that road? I don't."

"That's a ridiculous scenario, Patricia."

"What if you don't meet this person then, and a year goes by? We've been seeing each other all that time, I'm still working for you and you go off me? How do you dump me and still expect me to work for you? This way we avoid any of that happening." She paused and looked at him. "Don't you see, Kyle. This way we both get the best of both worlds."

"It doesn't feel like the best of anything," He replied.

"Granted, I could have explained it better, and maybe I should have just said let's be fuck buddies, but I wanted you to understand why." Patricia leaned forward. "I'm sorry if I've upset you, Kyle. I didn't mean to."

Kyle took a deep breath but couldn't quite figure out what he wanted to say. He tried to start several times, and Patricia waited for him to speak, but he couldn't put it together.

"You need some time to process?" She asked gently.

"I guess so. I feel angry or disappointed or something, but I can't explain why. Stupid, huh?"

"Not at all," Patricia replied. She stretched her arms out to him. "Want to come back and let me cuddle you while you mull it over?"

Kyle frowned. Normally he wouldn't have hesitated, but it just didn't feel right. "I'm gonna get out, go and have some lunch and hang out with the guys for a while. Just need a bit of time to think, I guess."

"Can I make a request?" Patricia asked gently as he stood up and got out the bath.

"Okay."

"Can you try to think of it in simple terms? The only thing I've told you I can't do is be your girlfriend. But I can be your assistant, your friend and your lover, and you get to date anyone you want, any time you want. Can you try and think of it like that, Kyle, please?"

He looked down at her, seeing her looking up, her eyes wide. She looked unhappy, much as he supposed he did. "I can't promise anything, but I'll try, okay?"

"I'll be around if you want to talk. Just call me or come get me." She gave his hand a squeeze and let him go.

Kyle got dried and slipped on a pair of jeans, boots and a t-shirt then wandered out to the balcony and lit up. He slumped down in his favourite seat and put his feet up on the railings.

"Why are you so upset, Kyle?" He muttered to himself, and the answer came back to him. Because you wanted her to be your girlfriend.

"So becoming a billionaire with a hot secretary that'll blow you while you bone your way through the FHM Top 100 transforms you into a crybaby man-bitch, does it?" Ed shouted over the noise of the speedboat as the three friends raced the girls around the Island. "Man, you need a punch in the balls to remind you they're there."

"Ignore him," Casey said, shaking his head. "I just think you're too close, buddy. You need a little distance from the problem is all."

"How do you mean?"

"Step back and think about what you want. Look at the big picture," Casey said, mentally reminding Kyle of the hundreds of discussions they'd had in the office. "Over the next year you're gonna be all over the world, bro. You're going to meet hundreds of hot babes, probably princesses. If you get the come-on from some of them, would you like to be able to indulge yourself?"

"Fucking right, bitches!" Ed bellowed loud enough to heard over half the Island.

"So she's telling you that you'll be able to play the field and have some fun, and if there's no action happening, it's cool with her to get some Patricia time?"

"It's not going to work like that though," Kyle frowned. He was really worried that emotions would start coming into play if he was bringing chicks back, or how he would react if he knew she was out on a date.

"Not if you're more emo than a sparkly fucking vampire-loving teenage girlie-boy," Ed told him.

"As rare as it happens, dude, the Ed does has a point," Casey said. "Take what she's offering bro, because if it was me, I'd be tapping that fine body every chance I got."

Kyle's mind conjured an image of Patricia, sprawled on the bed, half wrapped in sheets and naked. He felt like he could hear the sounds she made during sex, or feel her arms and legs wrapped around him in the bathtub.

"I want to keep seeing her," He admitted. "I just don't know about the other stuff."

"Then keep seeing her," Casey said firmly. "Just take the other stuff a day at a time, bro."

"And get me some Patricia fap material, or I swear, frozen turdage shall magically appear."

Kyle exchanged a look with Casey, both remembering Ed's phase of wrapping turds in plastic bags and freezing them. Then he would put them in the jacket pockets of people who had pissed him off, in the glovebox's of cars in dealerships, in the hoods of assholes on the bus. As far as Ed was concerned, anyone being a dick was fair game, and he always took the bag away. By the time the deposit defrosted he was long gone and it sometimes took a while for people to notice the smell.

"Ed, if you start that shit, I swear to you, I'll have you thrown off a helicopter out at sea," Kyle said, grinning. "And no, you can't have any naked Patricia pics either."

"Yeah, man. Don't start all that again," Casey added, a distasteful look on his face.

"Anyway, I thought you were all in love with Caroline?"

"I am, but can't a man roll the fleshy blunt without some spank material any more?" Ed moaned. "Fucking pair of frigid bitches."

"Fuck off, Ed," Kyle grinned. Despite the obscenties, disgusting topics and constant insults, Kyle actually felt a bit better about the situation having talked it over with his friends.

"Hey, the girls are overtaking us, Ed," Casey said sharply. "I thought you knew how to drive this thing."

"Shut up, bitch, and go back to being ballast," Ed said, leaning in to the controls. "No fucking way they're beating us."

"He's a fucking imbecile," Casey laughed.

"Yeah, but he's our imbecile," Kyle added, laughing too. "Hey, wait. Is that a good thing, or did we get screwed in that deal?"

Kyle entered his suite an hour later. The girls had beat the guys and Ed had insisted on another race, and then another before he finally beat them. As soon as they docked Kyle had gone ahead to the main house.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 36
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Patricia?" You in here?" He called.

"Back here," She replied. Kyle found her in his dressing room, packing most of his clothes up into cases and trunks. "How was the race?"

"Hopeless. Ed sucks at driving speedboats, but he blamed it on the ballast."

"The ballast?"

"Me and Casey."

Patricia smiled as she snapped a suitcase closed and then stood up straight. "So..."

"So I chatted it over with Casey and Ed and they called me a bunch of names, mostly Ed did actually, but Casey asked me to consider what I'd want in an ideal world, so I did. I want to keep seeing you, Patricia. I like this... us. If it's going to be a casual arrangement then that's how it's going to have to be, because I'd rather have you in my life than not."

Patricia stepped around the cases and into his arms, holding him tight. Kyle knew he was smiling, and he ran his fingers down her back.

"Damn packing," Patricia murmured.

"Leave it for now," He replied, feeling her pressing against him. He kissed her softly on the forehead.

"Can't. The staff are coming to take most of it away any time now," She said, sighing. "Otherwise you'd be getting thrown on that bed, Mister."

"Later then?"

"Repeatedly," She promised, a wicked glint in her eye.

"And just so you know," Kyle added. "Some of that stuff you showed me was kinda hot."

"Now's a good time for specifics," She grinned.

"Well, I quite like the idea of you with a butt plug in while we're chatting with people or in a meeting or something, and using a toy and my cock to DP yourself. That's kinda hot too."

"It's a start," Patricia said, a thoughtful look in her eye. "I get the feeling you're not into being rough with me, and that's okay."

"It's the thought of hurting you, or lifting my hands to a woman," Kyle said quickly. "Just doesn't feel right to me, even though I know you're into it." He shrugged.

"I get it. I do. It's all good, Kyle, okay? Just do whatever you're comfortable with and I'll do the same and we'll have a lot of excellent orgasms together. Doesn't that sound good?"

"Sounds awesome," He told her, grinning as he impulsively tugged on her ponytail and kissed her. He could tell immediately that she'd enjoyed that. "You're awesome."

"You can do that again any time you like, Kyle." She fixed him with a smouldering look, and he could see the desire on her face.

"What? Pull your hair?"

"Oh, yes," She nodded. "Taking a grip of me so I have to do as I'm told? That's hot."

"Turned on a little are you?"

She grabbed Kyle's hand and pushed it inside the waistbelt of her trousers, pushing it down towards her pussy. "You tell me."

He probed with his fingers, searching for her pussy, and he found it waiting for him, ready and hungry.

"You're really fucking wet," He muttered, slipping a finger inside her.

"Oh, that's nice." She rolled her pelvis, grinding her clit against his hand.

Kyle watched her, seeing how her eyes seemed far away, her breathing was deeper and her hand clutched onto his arm. "You know, if there wasn't people coming in here any second, you could be doing that on my cock."

"Don't tempt me."

She seemed to shake herself a few moments later, and then swiftly removed his hand from inside her pants.

"So, yeah. I'm a little turned on, you could say," She added, winking at him. To his surprise, she pulled his hand up between them and began to suck his fingers clean. "Can't have you stinking of pussy, can we?"

"I'm happy if I'm stinking of your pussy."

"I bet you are. Later though, okay?"

"Sure," He nodded, releasing her. She began to pack another case and Kyle moved to help her, but she swatted him on the arm.

"What was that for?"

"For trying to do my job for me," She said, rolling her eyes. "Go have a coffee or a cocktail, sit on the balcony or something. You're distracting me."

"Distracting because you keep having wicked and impure thoughts?" He asked, grinning at her.

"Out!"

Perhaps because he'd sorted things out with Patricia he felt a lot better and was able to relax and chill out by the pool with his friends and the girls. The afternoon sun was hot and he had slipped into the pool, relaxing on the steps in the water water while his brain drifted.

The situation with Edwin still hung over him, but he felt comforted by having Connor on his side and Sarah secretly working with him too. He had been able for most of the day to put it to the side, distracted with other things, but now the situation kept intruding on him..

He was aware that Edwin was playing things carefully. He had to be. Kyle knew that he'd had conversations with his sisters and with Patricia that could have been recorded. He knew he'd had sex with Sarah, and done plenty with Patricia too, so if there was video recordings then Edwin had a huge amount of data that he could use.

Edwin's obsession with Patricia was a worry though. Would he just let Kyle whisk her off the Island tomrrow for a few months, effectively letting her go. Not really something a nutcase stalker would do, he thought, but the truth was he didn't know what the hell Edwin would do.

He knew that getting information on someone was only one part of blackmail or extortion or whatever. He remembered a historical fiction book he'd read about ancient Rome, and how some politician or other had said that there are three parts to any blackmail. Getting the leverage, deciding when to use it, and making sure you got what you wanted. So far, Kyle knew Edwin had the leverage. The when and what he wanted were the two things he didn't know.

"You've gone all quiet," Patricia said as she slid into the pool beside him.

"I didn't hear you come down," Kyle said, giving her a brief smile. She looked good, in a bikini the colour of brushed steel, a pair of shades covering her eyes. "Just thinking."

"About what?"

He shrugged and gave her a pointed look. "Just stuff."

"I'm sure whatever it is, it'll sort itself out," She murmured as she lifted his arm around her and draped her legs between his.

"Nice to see you relaxing," He said softly, and smiled as she gave him a soft kiss.

"Yeah, the workaholic in me is protesting bitterly." Her head rested on his shoulder. "This is nice."

"It is."

They lay there in silence, basking in the sunlight, enjoying the warm water and the touch of each other, surrounded by friends and making the most of their last full day on the Island.

"What's happening later?"

"Dinner at eight, all of us, Mister Crowler and Edwin too. We invited Connor but he begged off," Patricia explained. "I suspect he's got a few dates lined up."

Kyle's expression soured at the thought of dinner with Edwin. Having to make pleasant small-talk while the old man plotted against him and his sisters. The same man who had blackmailed Sarah and jerked off on her for a year while she dressed as Patricia.

"The food should be really good. The chef's setting up a grill and will cook whatever meat or fish you order right there in front of you. Every time he's done it in the past it smells amazing," She continued. "So there's no need to look so miserable," She added in a whisper.

Kyle forced a smile. "It does sound good. You know what I've been craving all week?"

"Apart from me and steak? And lobster?"

"Funny," He muttered, tickling her behind the knee and making her squirm.

"Stop that!"

Kyle grinned and rested his hand on her leg. "Okay, yes, I've been craving you, but what I'd really love is a really great burger, with cheese and crispy bacon. Maybe a few mushrooms too."

"I'll let the chef know," She said, smiling. "I like to keep you satisfied."

"You do more than that," He replied, tilting his head to look at her. She gave him a soft kiss and a smile.

"There you go being all sweet again, Kyle Watson. Maybe I should sneak you upstairs for a while."

"Now there's a thought," Kyle replied, but her hand kept him in the pool.

"You've had hardly any time to hang out with your friends, Kyle. Take the time, make the most of it. You've got a busy couple of weeks coming up and that's only the start of it."

Kyle looked at her, seeing her smiling at him.

"Later, I promise," She whispered.

Kyle nodded. "Come on then, let's get everyone and go do something fun."

"Lead on."

At Heidi's suggestion they all trooped down to the beach for a few hours of instructed water activities. Qualified instructors were summoned from the Islands staff and while Ed, Kara, Patricia and Margarita went parasailing out on a speedboat, Kyle, Katie, Louisa, Heidi and Casey learned how to scuba dive with oxygen tanks.

Kyle loved being under the water, not having to worry about resurfacing to breathe and as they worked their way around the Island, flapping their flippers, it opened up a whole new world for him. Seeing the local fish darting around ahead of them, or beneath them was like ghosting through someone elses house, a momentary intrusion that drew a few odd looks but then they were gone and everything returned to normal.

After that they lay on the beach for a while sharing their experiences and sipping on cocktails, then trooped back up to the main house. Casey, Ed, Margarita and Louisa stopped off at the tennis court for a game of mixed doubles, which really made Kyle laugh. Ed was all power, but Casey was going to lose some serious dude points playing tennis. It didn't matter what kind of bat, stick or racquet he held, Casey just couldn't hit his targets. It was like his hand-eye co-ordination was fine apart from when he was swinging at something. Then he turned into a clumsy two year old.

He followed the others back to the main house where everyone agreed to get changed and meet up before dinner for a few drinks. Kyle followed Patricia into his suite, shut the doors and found her in his bathroom, naked and in the shower, the door open waiting for him.

His lips met hers with a hunger that exploded through him, a hunger that was reciprocated. He felt himself growing rapidly as her hands snaked around his neck, and he slid his hands down over her breasts, down her sides, slipping under her ass.

Kyle lifted, feeling her pulling on his shoulders as she spread her legs and wrapped them around him, getting herself ready to accept him inside her.

"Oh, fucking good idea, Kyle," She said, panting for breath as they broke their kiss. He didn't say anything, knowing the intensity on his face said everything that was needed to say.

Kyle pinned her to the wall then slipped first one arm, then the other under her legs, her arms still around his neck, and then he lifted her again, jerking her upwards once and again, testing his hold to make sure he could fuck her like this, something he'd only ever seen in a porno but never attempted in person.

He saw her expression change, a broad smile on her face. Patricia adjusted her grip and slid her hand down betwen them, her fingers grasping his hard cock and positioning it just right, and as Kyle lowered her, impaled her in mid-air, she groaned.

"Oh fuck, yes."

He growled, feeling powerful and aroused, longing to fuck this beautfiul blonde woman who turned him on, and he acted on that desire.

Kyle's hips began to pump, swift, sure and smooth in their movements, plunging into her pussy time and again.

Patricia moaned, tried to kiss him but couldn't reach and moaned again as she was penetrated deep, over and over. Her eyes widened a little as she saw Kyle's eyes narrow.

He lifted her free from the wall and began to jerk her up and down with his arms, lifting her up and letting her fall on his shaft.

"Oh my fucking God," Patricia blurted as gravity dropped her onto his erection hard and fast.

For some reason the tune 'Born Slippy' by Underworld popped into Kyle's head in that instance, a hard, pounding, strong and intensive tune he'd first heard years ago on a movie, but it matched his mood. Hard, fast, aggressive, and unconsciously he matched the tempo of the music only he could hear, fucking her. Hard.

Patricia's mouth was wide open as she gasped, hammered intensely by this man holding her in mid-air, relentless in his movements.

"Kyle," She gasped, and he stared at her, every muscle in his body taught. He knew this was something new for her, as it was for him, and the knowledge spurred him on. He could feel the muscles in his legs, his stomach and back, in his arms. He could feel them reacting to the weight and responding, flooding him with adrenalin and strength, the result of a week of intensive workouts culminating in this moment, being inside this woman.

He knew there was nothing she could do but hang on for the ride.

He pounded her with the beat only he could hear, relentless and rythmic, not stopping when she quivered and shook in orgasm, not stopping or even tiring minutes later when her arms began to tremble, nor when her second orgasm struck and she nearly turned to jelly in his arms.

It was as if he was in a trance, he knew, and it was almost annoying as he felt his own balls tighten, heralding the end of the experience. He remembered that part of the tune where the drums and bass suddenly stopped and all that continued was the echoing notes of the keyboard and he echoed that moment.

He became more aware of Patricia's panting, of her moans and gasps of breath and he thrust into her and stopped as he came, holding it there for a few beats as her eyes widened, his erection twitching inside her. He eased out a few beats later then thrust back in again, holding it there as he flooded her inside, then once more, and one final time.

The music was gone, and he was there in that shower, this beautiful, exhausted and trembling woman held up in his arms.

"Kyle," She panted, staring at him in wonder. "Fuck. Wow."

He was breathing hard, still in a semi-orgasmic daze, still buried inside her, but he managed a smile.

Patricia wrapped her arms around him, kissing his neck as she took her own body weight on his shoulders, allowing him to lift her one last time. He slid out of her with regret, then lowered her legs down.

"Whoa," She muttered as her legs wobbled, and it took her a moment to be able to support her own weight again. "Holy shit, Kyle."

"You okay?" He muttered a moment later, her arms still around his neck.

"That was.... just, wow. Intense."

"Just caught in the moment." He eased himself back from her, putting a hand out to the wall to steady himself.

Patricia kissed him, a long deep kiss that felt like a thankyou for something special and he smiled gently.

"I'm gonna have to come up with something spectacular to thank you for that," She said a moment later, a wicked smile on her face.

"Just be you."

"You always say the sweetest things."

Kyle and Patricia joined the rest of the group downstairs around seven thirty and they chatted away, having a laugh and passing the time until dinner.

Shortly before eight the chef appeared along with several of the waiting and kitchen staff and they began to lay out a buffet while the chef worked the grill. Kyle had ordered a burger with some prawns on the side, while the rest of them ordered a mixture of steaks, chicken or fish.

Patricia was correct when she said how fantastic the aroma was of all the marinaded meat and fish cooking, as well as the various salads and side dishes the staff laid out next to the grill.

When each of their dishes was ready they were walked up, given their plates by the chef then helped themselves to the hot and cold buffet. Kyle ended up with a fantastic bacon cheeseburger made from bison on a bun, with fries, salad and some grilled prawns in a garlic and chilli sauce.

Sitting eating and drinking with Edwin was an unnatural feeling for Kyle. He had to force himself to smile as whenever he looked at the old man, he felt sick to his stomach. Acting on impulse though, he decided to try and get everyone at the table pretty hammered, thinking that if Edwin was drunk later then Connor would be able to surprise him that much easier. Hopefully with Kyle there too.

As soon as he finished his food he got up from the table for a smoke. One of the waiting staff asked him if he'd like a coffee but Kyle shook his head and asked that for the rest of the night, could he just be served Pepsi, even if he ordered Rum and Cola because he wanted to have a clear head in the morning.

The waiter nodded discretely and winked. "No problem, sir."

After that, Kyle did everything he could to create a real party atmosphere, suggesting drinking games, continuously ordering up drinks and making sure everyones glasses were topped up, including his own Rum and Cola, minus the rum.

At one point, Edwin got up from the table and Kyle, thinking quickly, did so too, following him to the bathroom. They stood side by side at the urinals, when Kyle spoke, taking care to act a little drunk.

"So I was thinking, right," He began, adding a slight wobble for effect. "When we're away you should do some more designing stuff. Architecting." He thought that was a nice touch.

"For what, Master Kyle?" Edwin said, turning to look at him. Kyle noted how dilated the old mans pupils were, and he stifled a smile.

"To make one of them saferoom thingy's that we don't have," He added. "It'd be right handy if I want somewhere discrete. For.... you know. With Sarah or something." Kyle added an exaggerated wink, wondering if he'd overdone it.

"Ahh, Sarah," Edwin nodded. "I'll look right into it right now, Mister Kyle."

"Pffft. No." Kyle blurted. "Do it tomorrow or next week or something."

"I shurely sall," Edwin replied, then frowned. "Shurely sall. No. Surely shall. Yes."

"Fucking cool," Kyle said, grinning. "And put a bed in it."

"Of course. No problem, Mister Kyle. Master Kyle. Yes."

Kyle washed his hands and followed Edwin, who didn't, back to the table. Once there he was quite shocked at how drunk everyone seemed to be. Patricia had stolen his seat when he got up, and insisted on him sitting back down so she could sit on his knee, her arm around his neck. Kyle kept a close eye on Edwin and caught him glancing at Patricia every so often, his eyes narrowing each time, then quickly darting away again.

At around midnight, everyone began to drift off to bed, with Casey once again charming Margarita to spend the night in his room, while Ed tried to get bets that he could jump from Kyle's balcony into the pool. Thankfully no-one was stupid enough to take the bet, or Ed would have tried it, and probably broken his legs.

Kyle carried Patricia up to bed after everyone had left. She wasn't as drunk as a few nights ago, but she'd insisted that he carry her, just because he could, and Kyle smiled and obliged her. Despite her extensive playful kisses on his neck, unfortunately all he could think about was Connor's call.

From the second Edwin had staggered out the door, Kyle had been glancing at his phone, anxiously awaiting the call, and then as the minutes dragged by he'd began to worry that he'd got Edwin that drunk that he would go home and fall asleep and they wouldn't get into the safehouse at all.

He shook his head, knowing there was nothing he could do about it anyway. It would just have to play out and he would have to wait.

Kyle closed the doors to their suite and placed Patricia gently on the bed. When he tried to get up, she kept a hold of him and pouted, causing him to laugh.

"I'm just going to the bathroom to brush my teeth."

"Oh, Okay."

He stood in front of the sink, brushing away and looked at himself in the mirror, seeing the changes a week of hard exercise and some intensive diet control had done for him. It wasn't the physical changes that were the most apparent though, but the mental.

He knew if someone told him he would be standing where he was now a week ago, he'd have laughed in their face. Now here he was, in a suite on the Island he co-owned with sisters he never knew he had. His gorgeous assistant was waiting for him in bed, and all he could think about was an old Englishman who was trying to blackmail him and abusing one of the staff, as well as being obsessed with Patricia. Now Kyle was relying on an injured Scottish bodyguard who was drunk half the time and nailing chicks the rest of it.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 37
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Fuck my crazy-ass life," Kyle told his reflection.

He turned to the bedroom, seeing Patricia still lying on top of the sheet, this time with Kyle's phone opened in front of her.

"What you doing?" He asked, smiling at her.

"Checking your emails. They're fairly stacking up."

"What's the count now?"

"Six thousand or so." She gave him a grin. "Me and Shmi will start blasting through them tomorrow if you want?"

"Six thousand?" Kyle asked. "I don't know six thousand people."

"Yeah, well there's a lot more than that know you. Not like I do, of course, unless you've been keeping some really big secrets from me," She said, winking.

"Hardly."

"So are you..." Patricia's sentence was cut off by the sound of a knock on the glass doors, then a second later Katie called.

"Hello, Kyle? You still up?"

"Yeah, I'm back here."

"You coming to join me and Kara on the balcony? Last night on the Island."

Kyle glanced at Patricia and shrugged. She just rolled her eyes.

"I'll be here when you're done."

Kyle gave her a kiss then went outside to join his sisters.

"Thought you were gonna ditch us tonight, Kyle," Kara said, grinning at him. "Here. Have a cigarette."

"You're offering me my own cigarettes now?" He laughed, but took one anyway.

"I like to be helpful," She smirked.

Kyle sat down, lit up and looked at Kara and Katie. "Had a good day?"

"It's been great," Katie smiled. "A really good way to finish off our stay."

"I'm not looking forward to returning to reality," Kara said, exhaling a long plume of smoke. "That's gonna suck."

"You know it's not going to be reality, right?" Kyle pointed out. "I mean, you're going to New York, Katie's going to see her folks, but for both of you it's going to be very different."

"You too," Katie agreed.

"Fuck, I know," He said, rolling his eyes. "I've got a day and a half at home in San Antonio then I'm in Los Angeles for two weeks. I've got a schedule from hell and Patricia and Lakshmi are trying to jam dating opportunities in there, left, right and centre."

"Yeah, I was hearing you've to date other people," Kara said, a grin appearing slowly on her face.

"How the hell did you hear about it?" Kyle asked.

"Casey told Margarita. Margarita told Katie. I heard it from her." She shrugged.

"What a pair of gossips."

"We're just looking out for you, like good sisters would," Katie said, sticking her tongue out when he laughed.

"Kyle. Phone call." He heard Patricia call from inside the suite.

"Gotta take this," He said, quickly darting inside. Patricia handed him his phone with a quizzical look on her face.

"It's Kyle." He said quickly, the cellphone pressed to his ear.

"Know where the main kitchens are?" Connor said quickly.

"Yeah."

"There's a courtyard for storing the trash. Meet me there. Fast as you can. I've got our friend."

Kyle ended the call and looked at Patricia. "I've got to go. I'll be back in a bit."

"What's happening? You're white as a sheet." He could see the concern clearly on her face, but he didn't have time to chat about it.

"Can't talk now, but everything's fine. Wait here." He darted outside.

"Kyle?" He heard Kara call, but he was already on his way down the stairs two at a time, and running out the front door of the main house moments later.

He knew the kitchens were located off to the right on the other side of the trees, and there had to be a path, so he checked at the side of the house and found it, tucked behind a bush. He ran down it, turning left, then right, left again, following the edge of the building, and then he spotted the courtyard.

He ran round the corner seconds later and froze.

Edwin was sitting cross-legged on the floor with his hands behind his head, while Connor had a pistol trained on him. They were surrounded by big trash cans on wheels, and in the corner it looked like a flagstone had been prised up.

"That was quick," Connor said, winking. "I should put you on my team if you react that fast."

"You've got him." Kyle said, his eyes darting from Connor with his pistol held in an unshaking hand to Edwin, sat on the floor looking surprisingly calm. The old man met his gaze.

"Master Kyle, this lunatic is pointing a gun at me for no reason."

Kyle didn't have to be nice to him anymore, he realised in that instant. Now was the time for confrontation, not play-acted innocence.

"Shut the fuck up," He snapped, then turned back to Connor. "What happened?"

The Scotsman kept his eyes on Edwin. "He opened the hatch, and I stepped out on him, detained him until you arrived."

"What's down there?"

"A ladder, leading to another door. We need him to open it for us."

"It's a storage area," Edwin protested. "Really, this is quite ridiculous."

Kyle ignored the old man for the moment. "So we go down there with him?"

"Aye. You first, then him, then me," Connor said firmly. His hand slid behind his back and he pulled out another pistol, this time a snub-nosed revolver. "Careful with this one. When it's cocked it's like a hair-trigger."

Kyle stared at it and frowned. Time to shit or get off the pot, Kyle. "Yeah, I remember how to use this." He reached out and took the pistol, opened it to make sure it had ammo in it and then closed it again. His eyes swung up to meet Edwin's, and he felt this surge of anger at the old man. He raised the revolver.

"You're going to open that door for us, Edwin, because I know exactly what you've been up to," Kyle stated, the anger in his tone evident.

Edwin cast a look at him which was half disbelief, half amusement and then to Kyle's surprise, he snorted. His expression changed to reveal an arrogance, a contempt for the two men holding him at gunpoint.. "Kyle Watson, I daresay there are many things in this world you think you know, but don't."

"I know you're trying to blackmail me. I know you've been sexually abusing Sarah for the past year. I know you're obsessed with Patricia. I know you're a fucking deviant, and a pervert and a fucking scumbag piece of shit, so let's get all the cards on the table, shall we?"

Edwin's gaze flicked back and forth between Kyle and Connor, then back again. "I don't think so. Here's what's going to happen. You're going to put those guns away, you're going to let me go, or the world will be hearing a new tale of the billionaire triplets and their incestuous history. They'll hear of a cover-up, of bribery and blackmail, of extortion. And the best bit?"

The old man paused for breath, smirking. "They'll be able to watch it themselves on video, out of your own mouths, admitting to it and discussing how to cover it up." He lowered his arms and placed his hands in his lap.

"You've got me on video?" Kyle said, doubting him.

"Every structure on the Island has cameras hidden in it," The old man said, his voice thick with contempt and amusement at Kyle's naivety. "I've got everything."

"Want me to just shoot him now?" Connor asked. "It's no bother."

Kyle couldn't answer, his gaze fixed on Edwin. He felt more fury in that moment than he had in his entire life.

"If you do, then copies of the video files will be emailed to all the major news outlets," Edwin added. He shrugged. "Your choice."

Kyle wondered if the old man was bluffing or if he truly had a covert CCTV system with complete coverage of the Island. He knew it technologically possible, and Danny Tripps definitely had the funds, but to have something of that scale and keep it secret would be an extraordinary achievement. On top of that, even if Edwin did have an insurance policy in the event something happened to him, who could he possibly trust with the knowledge? He frowned, watching the Englishman to try and figure out if he was lying or not.

"So what do you want?" Kyle said eventually. "I mean you haven't done this for no reason, so what are you hoping to get out of it?"

"I'll discuss that when I'm good and ready, I think," The old man sniffed. "For the time being, you can leave my Patricia alone. No more taking her in your bed, or in the shower. No more bathing together either." His face turned grim. "You leave her here when you leave tomorrow."

"I don't think so," Kyle said firmly, trying to stifle the shock that Edwin knew about them showering together. The certainty that there was a camera in his own bathroom made him feel violated.

"I don't think so," He repeated, "Because there's no way I'm leaving anyone with a piece of shit like you."

"Really, Kyle?" Edwin said, shaking his head slowly, as if disappointed. "You're calling me names? I had given you a little more credit than that."

Connor stepped forward. "Kyle, I reckon we could probably drill those locks downstairs, or get someone in to cut through the door. That Captain that's in charge of the Betsy? He's an ex-SEAL, right? He'll know how to use explosives so I'm sure he'd open it up for us."

Kyle was grateful to the Bodyguard, taking over the conversation and putting a little more pressure on Edwin while giving Kyle the time to think, to ease his doubts about what to do.

"As for him, I can shoot him in the head, we'll put your gun in his hand and fire it into the wall, and it'll look like he was trying to kill you," Connor continued. "From what you're saying too, we could wheel this Sarah out and get her to tell her story and everyone would know what a sad perverted wanker he is. No fucker mourns a rapist."

"What about the videos he's got ready to send?" Kyle asked, frowning.

Connor tilted his head and looked at Edwin. "I reckon he's talking shite about that. Besides, if he's got them they'll be down in the bunker. We'll have that door off in a few hours at most, and then we'll have his evidence in hand too. Piece of piss."

"If you think you can get through that door in a few hours you're sadly mistaken," Edwin said quickly. Kyle noted he wasn't smirking any more though.

"Oh, we don't need to get the door off," Connor grinned. "All we need is to get through the keypad to access the scanner inside. It is a scanner for your handprint, right? Located at just the right height up the wall, inside a box large enough to house it. Not a box deep enough or high enough to be a retinal scanner, too wide to house a keypad, not wide enough to hold a keyboard. Just perfect for a handprint scanner though, and if you're dead.... Well, you won't be worried about us cutting your hand off and taking it down there, will you?"

Kyle could see the old man pale as Connor's guess struck true.

"How could you..."

Connor took a step forward again, towering over the seated Edwin with menace. "I got the combination for the kitchen keypad last night. I was watching you go in. I watched you come out. I've been down that ladder twice since then. Still think you're the smartest kid in the class?" Connor looked down on the seated Englishman. "You're going down that hole if I have to throw you down."

Kyle could see Edwin was at a loss for words.

"Me, then him, then you?" Kyle asked.

"Any time you're ready," Connor nodded.

"Okay. Let's do it."

Kyle put the revolver in his back pocket and headed over to the hole in the ground. He peered down, seeing the ladder going down to a concrete floor some distance below. There were low lights from the other side of the shaft, illuminating the inside enough that barely any light spilled out.

He sat down and put his feet on the rungs, then went down the first couple. "See you down there."

"If he gives you any trouble when he gets down there," Connor said, giving Kyle a firm look. "Shoot him. You can kill him if you need to, but a shot in the gut fucks you right up, and it's really fucking painful too. Trust me, I know."

Kyle took a deep breath and nodded. As he lowered himself down the ladder he felt sick at the thought that he might actually have to shoot someone. He knew he hated Edwin, but did he have the commitment there to shoot an unarmed man in cold blood? He sighed as he neared the bottom of the shaft, hoping that Edwin wouldn't realise the fears he held and seek to use them against him.

The bottom of the ladder opened into a small chamber and directly opposite the ladder was a shiny steel door. There were no locks or handles visible on it at all, just a big steel plate fitting snugly into a smaller steel frame. To its right, a metal box sat on the wall about the same size as a shoebox, with a small keypad on top of it.

"You down?" Connor's voice sounded strange, kindy of eerie and echoey at the bottom of the shaft.

"Yeah," Kyle called back up, looking up. He saw Connor manhandle Edwin roughly into the shaft, gesturing with his pistol as the old man hesitated.

Edwin began to descend, moving smoothly, one foot descending at the same time as the opposite hand, then reversing, bringing him down to Kyle rapidly. At the last second, Kyle remembered he should have his gun pointed on him, and grabbed it out his pocket.

"Slow down," He said, trying to sound firm as Edwin reached the last few rungs.

The old man got to the bottom and turned around, sneering as he saw Kyle had the gun pointed at him. "Out my way, boy."

"Just.... wait there."

"Do you want the door open or not?" Edwin asked. "I can't open it if you're in the way, can I?"

Kyle heard a muffled clang from up the shaft and guessed it must be Connor closing the hatch. Figuring the Scotsman would be down the ladder any second, he moved to the corner to allow Edwin access to the door.

The old man lifted his left hand up to the side of the keypad and his right hovered over it, ready to type the code in.

"Wait!" Kyle said sharply. "Put your left hand in your pocket. I want to see what number you put in."

Edwin sighed and shook his head, and as he touched each button Kyle said the number aloud, committing it to memory.

"Nine. Six. One. Two. One. Seven."

The box under the keypad clicked and swung open, and Edwin pressed his right hand immediately against it. Kyle saw a red light illuminate the old man briefly and then there was a series of low thunks and the door began to swing out.

Kyle realised immediately that it was hinged in the corner he was leaning against and if he didn't move fast, the door was going to swing out and crush him against the wall. He quickly darted towards the base of the ladder, losing Edwin from sight as the old man dived inside.

"Fuck!" He blurted as he rounded the door and got a momentary glimpse of a large room, with a concrete floor covered in rugs, white painted walls and a large white sofa. He just had time to raise the revolver to point through the doorway before everything suddenly turned into complete darkness.

He knew Edwin must have hit some master control, a kill-switch for the lighting, and had robbed them of any light at all.

"Kyle?" He heard Connor call from up the shaft as the small lights winked out, the light at the bottom of the shaft went off and the interior lights in the saferoom disappeared. He knew that Connor must be gripping tightly to the ladder, unable to even see the rungs before him.

"Down here," Kyle said, stepping forward. "Edwin's inside, but I've got the door blocked."

He realised he shouldn't have said that as soon as the words were out his mouth.

He didn't even have time to curse before he heard the click or felt the pinpricks in his chest, and then every muscle in his body went tight. His stomach went taught, like he'd just done a thousand sit-ups, his legs stiffened, and his torso tightened up. The 50,000 volts from the tazer shot through his system, stiffening him and tightening every muscle.

The gunshot boomed in the close confines of the small chamber at the bottom of the shaft as Kyle's finger involuntarily pressured the trigger of the revolver.

Kyle hadn't felt anything like it in his life. The complete inability to make his body react to anything, the horrible helplessness as he heard the gun in his hand go off a split-second before he toppled to the ground.

He hit the concrete floor hard.

He could feel someone dragging him. Or maybe the floor was moving. Everything felt weird, and his head felt like it was going to explode. Someone was pulling on his arm, locking his wrist in a grip like a vice. He could tell there was light, but didn't dare open his eyes for the starbursts exploding in front of him every time he moved.

The arm tugged at him again and he groaned. He raised his free hand to push it away.

"Kyle? You awake?" He heard a voice asking. He could sense urgency in the tone, concern. It sounded loud.

He tried to say something, but there was a horrible bitter smell in the air, and a foul taste in his mouth. He screwed his face up in disgust, then grimaced at the movement as more bursts of light went off and the pain in his head intensified.

The sudden recognition of nausea made him want to curl up, and as the hand released his arm, he did just that, lying on his side on the floor like a foetus.

"Come on, Kyle. It's Connor," The voice said softly. "Let's get you up on the bed so you can lie down. Let me have a look at that head of yours."

Kyle licked his lips. "What?" He tried to say, but it came out more like, "Wug?"

"Kyle, get up," The voice said again. "Come on, one wee move and you can lie down kiddo."

He felt a hand gripping his arm, pulling him into a sitting position and his head spun. Then an arm gripped his waistbelt and he felt himself being pulled up and twisted to the side. His stomach lurched, the lights went berserk and he felt like gravity was shifting all over the place.

Something soft and warm pressed against the side of his face, right down his body and he realised that he was lying on his side now. Hands lifted his legs up and he was able to curl up again. His back felt sticky.

"Kyle, you've been knocked out, so you'll feel a bit groggy, probably have a cracker of a headache too, but just take it easy," The voice told him. "You're safe, everything's under control here."

"Wug?"

He lay there for a minute, his head spinning, his stomach churning and he felt really confused, but slowly his thoughts began to make sense. He was Kyle. The guy's voice was Connor. He's Scottish. He gets laid. A lot.

He felt something damp being pressed to his head and he groaned. It felt like he was being squashed with a hammer and he pushed a hand up to swat it away.

"Easy, Kyle. You've banged your head. This'll make it feel better," Connors voice told him. "Right, I want you to lie here the now, and nae moving, okay?"

Kyle had no intention of moving. Everything was spinning, his head was trying to explode and he didn't want to open his eyes.

"I'll be back in a minute, okay? You're safe here. Just stay lying right there."

Kyle held up a thumb, and he heard a few limping footsteps. A door closed. His hand groped for something to try and dim the light, and he found a pillow.

He pulled it over his head and groaned as the world spun.

Time drifted past, and he heard voices. Some of them sounded serious, concerned and some of them sounded high-pitched and scared. The door opened and closed a few times, and once he thought he felt someone stroking his leg, but it was all just a confused jumble of noises as he drifted in and out of sleep.

He became aware of a voice.

"Kyle."

This was a different voice. Higher pitched than the coarse Scottish accent he heard before. Someone American. Someone familiar.

He licked his lips. "Patricia?"

"It's me, Kyle," She repeated, and he felt her fingers gently stroke his face. "Are you okay?"

"Head. Sore," He managed. "Thirsty."

"Okay, I'll bring you some water. Just stay there." Her hand left his face and he heard footsteps going away.

Kyle tried to open his eyes, but everything was incredibly bright. He screwed up his face as he squinted through his eyelids, feeling a little relieved that the explosions of stars had stopped at least.



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 38
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Everything was blurry, but he could make out a white wall, covered in black picture frames. It looked like black and white photographs in them, but he couldn't make out any of the details. A couple of dark brown leather armchairs sat beneath them, and he realised he was lying on a bed.

Patricia re-appeared in his field of view, and he jerked his head up to look at her. A sharp stab of pain shot through his brain and he closed his eyes for a moment until it eased.

"Can you sit up, Kyle?" She asked gently, her hand touching his face once more.

"Not... sure." He managed to mumble.

"I brought a straw," She said softly, and he felt it press between his lips a moment later. As he sucked he felt a tiny trickle of water in his mouth and then the straw withdrew.

He squinted at her and saw her dipping the straw into a bottle of water, press her thumb over the end then bring it back to him. Kyle opened his mouth and felt the straw on his tongue, followed by another trickle of water. Anothe couple of repititions had his mouth feeling a lot less dry.

"Do you know where you are, Kyle?"

"The Island," He mumbled. His head hurt, but he tried to concentrate and figure it out. Nothing seemed right here. "I banged my head."

"Do you remember how?" She asked slowly.

Kyle frowned as he tried to concentrate. A confusing flicker of memories came back to him. Chatting with Kara and Katie. He was running down the stairs from his suite. The trees flickered past him as he ran. A ladder going down underground. He jolted, stiffened and groaned all at the same time as the physical sensation of being tazered came back to him, mingled with the sound of the gunshot.

"Kyle?"

His hand moved up to touch his head and he saw it was red, covered in what had to be his blood. "I... I got shot?"

"No, Kyle, you didn't get shot," Patricia said quickly. "Do you know where you are?"

"Down the ladder." He mumbled, replaying the images. Why was he running? What was he running from? Or to?

A new memory flickered, of Edwin on his knees, with Kyle pointing a gun at him. Kyle could remember how angry he was, but not the words he snarled at the old man.

Then it all came back.

Descending the shaft, Edwin opening the door, the darkness, the pain and the gun going off in his hand.

"Edwin!" He said sharply, trying to get up. The room swam, but he gritted his teeth and forced himself into a sitting position.

"Kyle. Kyle, stop. Kyle, listen to me," Patricia kept repeating. Slowly her face swam back into focus and she looked scared.

"He's bad, Patricia," Kyle blurted, trying to get his legs off the bed. His eyes darted around the strange room, and he knew he was inside the bunker. "Edwin. No, you shouldn't be here!"

He felt panic sieze him at the thought of Patricia being Edwin's prisoner down here. "How did he?"

"Kyle, stop. Edwin's not a problem any more, just stop," She said firmly, holding onto his shoulders.

The door opened behind her and he saw a pale-faced Katie enter, followed by a grim looking Kara.

Dismay hit him as he realised his sisters must be prisoners too. "Fuck," He muttered. "Not you two too?"

"Kyle," Connor said, coming in behind him. "Hey, how you feeling, buddy?"

Kyle's eyes darted from face to face. His sisters, Patricia, Connor. They were all down here. Where was Edwin? How were they here? What the fuck was going on?"

"I got your sisters and Patricia," Connor said slowly. "Edwin turned the lights off and gave you fifty thousand volts with the tazer. Do you remember that?"

Kyle nodded and grimaced as the pain shot through his head again. He blinked a few times then replied. "Yes. I think so."

"Do you remember your gun going off?" Connor asked, watching him.

"A big bang. Really loud," Kyle replied, concentrating. He didn't know if it was his gun or not.

"When he hit you with the tazer your finger must have depressed the trigger, and it fired off a round from your revolver. Edwin was standing right in the doorway when the gun went off."

"I hit him?" Kyle said, frowning. That didn't make any sense.

"Ricocheted off the door frame and into his neck," Connor said, nodding. "By the time I got the lights on, checked you and then him, he was already dead."

"He's... dead?" Kyle mouthed, barely audible but he knew everyone in the room heard him. He saw Katie crouch down in front of him, and he felt her take his right hand. He barely noticed that she began to clean it with a damp cloth. "I killed him?"

"Kyle," Katie said slowly, drawing his eyes to her. "Listen to me. You didn't kill him. The actions that caused his death were all his, not yours. You didn't even choose to pull the trigger."

"Oh fuck." Kyle slowly brought his free hand up to rub his forehead, a gesture that did nothing to ease the pain in his head. "You're sure he's...."

"Definitely," Connor nodded. "If it's any consolation, it would have been really quick for him."

"Fuck," Kyle murmured, not sure what to think. It was all so confusing, his head was throbbing, his eyesight wasn't right. "We're not prisoners?"

"No, Kyle," Katie said gently. "You're safe, Edwin's gone. You're in the bunker."

"After I found the light switch, I checked Edwin and found him dead," Connor said slowly. "So then I moved you in here and went and got your sisters. Patricia came along too."

"So..." Kyle looked around at the faces, knowing he had to explain what he was doing, why he was pointing a gun at Edwin. "He was trying to blackmail us."

"We know," Kara said flatly, her expression full of disgust. "Connor told us, and Patricia told us too. Fucking perverted sneaky cunt."

"Did he really... Was he really obsessed with me?" Patricia asked quietly.

Kyle nodded then grimaced at the shooting pain. "Got to stop doing that," He muttered, then slowly looked at Patricia. "Yeah. He was crazy. Not right in the head. He made Sarah dress up as you sometimes. Told me I had to leave you here when we go."

He saw her shudder, and he reached out with his left hand, taking hers. He gave it a squeeze.

"He's really dead?" Kyle said a moment later, still not believing it. It hadn't sunk in yet, and he was feeling a little numb. He knew he should be feeling guilty for having killed a man, or concerned about possible murder charges, or even anger, but he wasn't feeling anything.

"Yep," Connor replied.

"If he wasn't, I'd have shot him myself," Kara added, folding her arms.

Kyle looked up at Connor. "He said he had videos."

"Aye, there's a security room full of monitors next door. Every bloody structure on this island is riddled with cameras, and there must be some in the trees too," The Scotsman explained. "Seems like there's barely a foot of the place without a camera covering it."

"They're in our rooms, Kyle," Katie said. "Bedrooms, bathrooms, everywhere."

"Fucking awesome install job, hiding them like that," Connor added, shrugging as he got several angry looks. "If this place ever gets attacked like Necker Island was, then you'll be able to sit down here, call in the cavalry and tell them exactly where all the bad guys are. It's a hell of an asset from a security point of view."

"From a creepy perverts point of view too," Kara added sourly.

"That was how Edwin used it," Connor replied. "And yes, he abused it. But don't consider for one minute getting rid of it. There may come a day when you'll need it and it'll save your lives and dozens of others on this island. Trust me," He finished, tapping his walking stick against his leg, reminding them bluntly of the injury he carried from just such an event.

Kyle hadn't even thought that far ahead, but he didn't like the idea of anyone being able to spy on him.

"Besides," Connor continued, "You three can keep each other honest, and Patricia knows about it too. Just agree to only use it in the event of an emergency, or a serious crime, and make sure the others don't abuse it. There's a more pressing concern anyway, and that's what the hell we're going to do about Edwin."

"I told you," Kara said quickly. "Get him in a speedboat, take him out for a couple of miles and tie an anchor around his legs. Heave him overboard and problem solved."

"That won't work," Katie said quietly. "People will look for him tomorrow, and they'll know he can't have just vanished. We have to either be honest or come up with a cover story that includes his.. corpse."

"Can we ask George Crowler?" Kyle said, thinking aloud. "He knows there's a safehouse here. He did some financial digging for me, and he knows Edwin's up to something."

"That's involving more people," Kara protested immediately.

"Sometimes it's important to involve the right people," Connor said quickly. "If he's already in the know, and he's your lawyer, then there's a good chance he'll help you figure this out."

"Katie?" Kyle asked.

She shrugged. "We could do with the help, I think."

"I'm voting we get him. Patricia, can you go and wake him up and bring him down here please?" Kyle asked. "It'll save Connor climbing that ladder again."

"Sure."

"We didn't come down the ladder," Kara said. "There's a staircase that leads up to a hidden door in the floor of the bar, next to the pool. We came down there."

"Really?" Kyle asked. "How did....?"

"I found it when I had a quick look around. It looks like there's three entrances and exits from this place. The ladder up to the courtyard, the stairs leading to the bar, and a long tunnel that leads off towards either the clinic or the helipad. Not quite sure exactly, but you can check that another time."

"Holy shit," Kyle murmured. "So this place isn't just a panic room then?"

"Feel up to a tour?" The Scotsman asked, smirking. "It's very impressive."

Kyle moved forward to stand up, but got a momentary surge of nausea.

"I might need a hand," He said, blinking and taking a deep breath.

Katie immediately stood up and moved to his left, while Connor opened the door. Kyle's eyes fell to Kara who frowned, but came over to his right.

"Come on then, Kyle," Kara muttered, putting a hand under his arm and taking his hand in hers. Katie matched her on his left.

"Three, two, one. Up," Kara said, and Kyle pushed up with his legs, noting that gravity was trying it's best to confuse him, but he felt Kara and Katie slip under his arms and he was able to lean on their shoulders for some stability. He needed it.

"What a fucking invalid," He murmured, drawing a chuckle from Kara.

"You've got a concussion, Kyle," Katie reminded him. "We should really get the Doctor down here too."

"No," Kyle said, swallowing another surge of nausea as he wobbled on unsteady legs. "The less people down here, the better."

"Says the guy who invited the lawyer," Kara grumbled.

"Whatever," Katie replied. "Want to try and walk forward to the door?"

Kyle nodded and took a tentative step. His knees felt weak, and he got this image in his head of him walking like a Thunderbirds puppet, but he managed a couple of steps, heavily supported by his sisters.

As Katie slid in front of him to go through the doorway first, Kara pulled the door wide and Kyle got a brief glimpse of the doorway opposite. A dark grey woolen blanket lay over Edwin to one side of the doorway, and a massive pool of blood covered the floor, with a big streak of it heading across the room towards him.

Kyle froze. "Fuck."

Katie interposed herself between him and the room. "Look at me, Kyle."

He tried to see around her, but she repeated herself another twice and he settled his gaze on her.

"Kyle, you have to remember, he's the one that pulled the trigger. It's not your fault, okay?"

He took a deep breath, knowing he'd have to see 'it' sooner or later. He was about to move forward when a realisation struck him. The long bloodstreak on the floor must have been from when Connor dragged him in. The sticky sensation on his back was Edwin's blood.

"I have to get this top off," He said urgently. "Now."

Kyle released his hold on Katie and grabbed the bottom of his shirt, but he felt himself immediately begin to topple backwards.

Kara tried to hold onto him and Katie grabbed him, steadying him for a moment, and the two sisters exchanged a look, then lowered him to the bed.

"I've got his blood on me," Kyle said, desperate to get his top off.

"Easy, Kyle," Katie said. "We'll help you, okay?"

Kara stood at his side and began to tug the top up, and with Katie helping hold up his arms, they pulled the top over his head. Kara threw it into the corner, and Kyle grimaced when he looked at it, all covered in blood.

Katie crouched down at his feet and began to work at the laces of his sneakers.

"What?" Kyle began, but Kara cut him off.

"Kyle, you're plastered in the stuff. Right from the back of your neck to your heels. I'm gonna get a clean cloth and some water."

Kyle knew he looked as disgusted as he felt. "Is there a shower?"

"You won't manage it on your own, and besides, Mister Crowler's coming back down," Katie pointed out. She unlaced and removed his left shoe, then went to work on his right.

Kyle began to shiver, perhaps with the cool air on his sticky skin, and Katie noticed.

"We'll get you a blanket or something once you're clean, Kyle."

He nodded and lifted his foot as Katie pulled his other shoe off, then both his socks. She gave him an apologetic look and began to unfasten his belt. "You're gonna have to stand up again, Kyle."

He nodded, and put his hands on her shoulders, felt her hands gripping his waist and he pushed up.

Katie managed to steady him, and working with one hand holding him up she began to unbutton his trousers. Kara appeared just as she was finishing, and Katie turned her head.

"Can you give me a hand? He's covered in the stuff."

Kara didn't look too happy, but nodded, lowered the bucket she carried and came around to the side of him, then unceremoniously tugged hard, pulling his trousers right down to his ankles.

"Going commando, huh?" She muttered, getting a chuckle from Katie.

Kyle felt no embarassment at being naked in front of either of them. The only thing he could think about was getting Edwin's blood off his skin. That and how cold he felt.

"Cloth?" He asked, reaching a hand towards the bucket.

Kara rolled her eyes. "Like you'll be able to do it." She wrung out a blue flannel and then knelt on the bed behind him.

Kyle felt her washing his neck, and to his surprise, she was very gentle and tender with him, moving the cloth in slow swipes, pausing every so often to rinse it and wring it out. It left him standing there facing Katie, who was trying not to laugh.

"It's not funny, Katie," He said, shivering.

"No, just thinking how different this is from the last time I saw you naked," She said, trying not to smile. "Long time ago."

"Seems like a lifetime," He murmured.

"You two aren't going to keep reminiscing, are you?" Kara asked. "Only, I sent Connor upstairs to get you some clean clothes and he'll be back in a minute."

"Thanks," Kyle replied. "The sooner he gets here, the better. This is surreal enough, but I'm really fucking cold."

"I'll hurry up."

Kara's motions became a lot more forceful, working in broader strokes, and in moments she'd cleaned his back, his waist and buttocks and his legs. Kyle was shivering hard now, perhaps a mixture of reaction setting in or the after-effects of the concussion, and the dampness on his bare skin.

"Can I get a blanket or something?" He asked, trying not to let his teeth chitter.

"Jesus, Kyle. You're freezing," Kara said, placing a hand on his back. She got off the bed and opened one of the closets that lined the right hand wall. It was empty, so she opened the second one and found a large white duvet. Grabbing it in one hand, she pulled it out and with her free hand she yanked the blood-stained duvet off the bed.

It took her only a few seconds to shake the clean one out, and then she pulled it back and joined Katie to help him in.

Kyle lay down on his side in the middle of the bed, shaking and shivering as his sisters tucked the soft white quilt around him, hoping to help him heat up, but it didn't seem to be helping. He knew if he just hung in there he would heat up eventually, but the shivering seemed to be getting worse.

"Oh for fucks sake," Kara muttered and pulled the duvet back. She slid in behind him, then pulled the quilt over them both, and as she snuggled in behind Kyle she gave Katie a pointed look. "He'll heat up really quickly this way, and we're both dressed. Get in."

Kyle could feel Kara behind him, her legs nudging into his, and then Katie was sliding in, her back to him and the white duvet was over the three of them. He was sandwiched between his sisters, and he slid his arm around Katie's waist.

It seemed so familiar, the minute adjustments that seemed so natural, instinctive, yet made it so comfortable and intimate and perfect. He could feel Katie adjusting her hips slightly, her hand covering his and pulling it under her ribs, just like she had three years ago. His upper leg slid between hers, and he felt Kara's leg resting on his inner thigh, right behind his, mirroring the bend of his knee. Her upper arm slid in between his stomach and Katie's back, and he felt her fingers slide under him, just as his did under Katie.

Kyle still shivered, but he was held in the warm embrace of both his sisters, and their body heat was already making a difference.

"Kara?" Katie said quietly.

"Yeah?"

"How's that feel?" Kyle could almost hear the note of self-satisfaction in her voice.

Kara sighed behind him. "Yeah, I'll give you that one. I should have done this sooner."

"It is amazing, right?" Katie continued. "It's not just me thinking that?"

"No. Not just you."

"It's just so..."

"Katie?"

"Yes?"

"Sometimes it's better not to talk," Kara said quietly, and despite himself, Kyle smiled.

They lay there in silence for a few minutes, and to Kyle, it felt incredibly comforting. It was a comfort to know his sisters were there, it was comforting to feel their touch, and just to know they cared about him despite what had just happened.

"Hello?" They heard Connor call, and by some unspoken signal, both Katie and Kara rolled out the bed, leaving Kyle under the covers. Katie sat down on the bed and Kara walked towards the door.

"In here," She said.

Connor appeared in the doorway with a bundle of clothes in his arms and handed them to Kara.

"Give us a minute. We've just cleaned him up, and we'll get him dressed."

The Scotsman nodded and turned away, closing the door behind him.

"Right, you," Katie said firmly, hauling back the covers. Kara tossed a pair of dark blue jeans to Katie and dropped a hooded jersey and sneakers on the foot of the bed. She came around to the other side of it.

"Sorry about this," Kyle said softly, now feeling a little embarassed at his nudity.

"Shut up, Kyle," Kara said briskly as she helped Katie maneuvre the trousers round his feet. Kyle had to roll onto his back to get the jeans pulled up, and he felt more than a little self-conscious as he lifted his hips and his cock flopped to the side as his sisters pulled the trousers on.

"You can tuck yourself in, I think," Kara said, grinning at his obvious discomfort.

"Kara," Katie said, admonishing her.

"What? It's not like either of us haven't had close contact with his cock before, is it?"

"Long time ago," Katie said quickly. "Different circumstances too. This is different."

Kara rolled her eyes while Kyle said nothing, focussing on doing up the zipper and buttons.

"Probably easier if I sit up to get the top on, right?" He asked, hoping to move the conversation on.

"Sure," Katie replied, reaching for his hands to help.


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 39
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

Kyle suffered another burst of nausea as he swung himself upright, but he was a little relieved to note that it seemed to be getting less intense, and didn't seem to last as long. With luck he'd be able to get back on his feet soon.

Kara came round with the top and the two of them helped him pull it on, then took a foot each and laced up his sneakers.

"Better?" Katie asked.

"Much," Kyle agreed. "Can't wait to get a shower though. And thanks for this, you two. You didn't have to and I really appreciate it."

"I don't know," Kara said, sounding weary. "We get into bed with him when he's naked and he thanks us for putting his shoes on? He's definitely a weirdo."

Katie chuckled, while Kyle managed a smile. "And thanks for everything else too," Kyle added.

Connor knocked on the door and opened it. "That's Patricia here with Mister Crowler."

"Okay," Kyle replied. "We'll be right out."

It took a few minutes, but with Katie and Kara's help, Kyle managed to get on his feet and out the bedroom door. The living space was small but well furnished, with a couple of sofas and armchairs facing a large TV, a dining table and an open plan kitchen off to the right, and four doors leading to other rooms.

Kyle could see another heavy door, similar to the one where Edwin's body lay. It was at the far right end of the room, and Patricia stood waiting there with a very serious George Crowler.

"Thanks for coming, George," Kyle said as his sisters helped him to a seat at the table.

"I take it that's Edwin under the blanket?" The lawyer asked, a stern expression on his face.

"Yeah. Connor wrapped him up," Kyle said, not turning to look. He didn't want to see it.

"I'll ask everyone to go into a different room, and I'll interview you each one at a time," The old man said briskly. "Kyle, you're first. Just stay where you are. The rest of you I'll ask not to discuss this until I've spoken to each of you."

Kyle turned to see his sisters, Patricia and Connor all standing there.

"Off you go please," George said firmly.

As they drifted off, the lawyer sat down opposite Kyle and looked at him. "Start from the beginning, Kyle."

It took nearly two hours before George Crowler finished his questionning of each of them, finally satisfied that there wasn't already a cover-up in place. While Kyle sat drinking a bottle of water and silently thanking whatever chemist had invented paracetomol, the old man sat them down at the table and spoke to them.

"Firstly, I wish you all to understand that I needed to know there wasn't already a cover-up in place, and that what you were telling me was the truth. I am satisfied for now that this is the case. Second, from a legal point of view, we're in mixed territory, as it were."

"How?" Kyle asked.

"The law states simply that if you're being blackmailed you should contact the police, not take matters into your own hands. Nor should you hold someone at gunpoint. As for the killing, you fired the weapon due to the attack from your assailant, and you didn't pull the trigger of your own volition. The fact that there was a ricochet would suggest the most you would be charged with would be something along the lines of manslaughter. The fact that you were investigating a potential blackmail and allegations of sexual assault stands in your stead, particularly as you were effectively the manager of the person in question. Further, the already proven deception of denying knowledge of the safehouse, the attempted manipulation and seduction, and his attempt to blackmail you into leaving Patricia here on the Island suggest that he admitted guilt and you were correct in your attempt to detain him."

"Right," Kyle said, frowning as he tried to figure out if he was legally guilty of something or not.

"Further complicating the legalities is the unique situation we find ourselves in concerning jurisdiction, specifically that the Island is technically a sovereignty in it's own right and doesn't fall under the laws of the United States or the local laws of Guadeloupe, which is technically part of France and is subject to EU law, despite us having requested the assistance of the local police or customs in the past."

"This Island is it's own country?" Katie asked.

"Technically yes, although we enjoy a partnership of sorts with Guadeloupe, yet we retain our own rights as and when it suited Mister Tripps to exercise them."

"So we're like the sovereigns of the Island then?" Katie said slowly.

"In effect, yes," Mister Crowler stated. "In addition there are technically no laws written down for the Island, nor is there a police force, a court system, or a method of legal representation."

"So what happened if someone was stealing or some shit like that?" Kara asked, looking very confused.

"Mister Tripps or Edwin fired them. Investigations were usually conducted with the Head of Security for the Island, and a decision was reached by the ranking person on the Island. There's never been anything as serious as a death to deal with before."

"So as one of the three ranking people on the Island, I could just decide that the matters been investigated and declare Kyle not guilty of any crimes?" Katie asked, watching the old man.

A slight smile twitched at his lips. "In essence, yes, Miss Katie, you could declare your brother exempt from prosecution, and issue a pardon to Mister Grant too, however it would be most irregular."

"Nothing about this week has been regular," Kyle muttered. "What do we do now, George."

"Nothing," Katie said quickly. "I'm declaring you not guilty. Kara?"

"Fuck it, yeah. I'm with Katie on this. Not fucking guilty."

"That's a majority, George," Katie said simply.

The smile vanished from the lawyers face. "I beg you not to consider going down that route."

"So what route are you suggesting?"

"That we brief Brian Kane as Head of Security, explain to him that Sarah approached Kyle and made allegations against Edwin of sexual assault and blackmail. During the course of your investigation you began to suspect that Edwin was also keeping back the location of a safehouse faciility from you and your sisters."

"Okay," Kyle said, nodding slowly.

"During the course of your investigation you asked me to find any evidence that such a facility might exist and you asked Connor Grant to assist you with protection, surveillance and investigation. Your investigation confirmed that Edwin visited a safehouse facility late each night, that the allegations of sexual assault were verified and you decided to detain Edwin with Connors assistance."

"That's pretty much what happened anyway," Kyle said.

"The difference being is that Sarah initiated the whole thing, understand?" The lawyer said firmly. "You didn't know who you could trust, or if you were under surveillance yourself, so you kept it close and didn't involve anyone you didn't know."

"As in Brian Kane, the Head of Security for the Island who worked directly for Edwin?" Kyle said, catching on.

"Exactly," The old man nodded. "So, you and Mister Grant detained Edwin as he was entering the safehouse, and he admitted the sexual assault, threatened to blackmail you and your sisters and you refused him. You then ordered him to open the safehouse, during which he manipulated you into splitting up, nearly trapping you behind the door. Then he turned all the lights off, at which point you pulled a pistol. Edwin hit you with the tazer forcing your finger to fire your weapon while you toppled to the ground and got concussed. The rest is simply as it happened. Mister Grant joined you, found the light switch, attempted medical treatment on Edwin but found him dead, provided you with medical treatment then sought assistance."

"So pretty much as it happened except that Sarah initiated it, and I only pulled a gun when he tried to escape into the safehouse?" Kyle asked.

"Yes, and put that way, Brian Kane will be able to find no fault in your actions."

"So what do we about him?" Connor asked softly. "We can't leave him there."

"I would suggest we speak to Brian and ask him for suggestions on how to explain the situation," George said. "If it's okay with each of you, I'll go and see him now and explain the situation to him."

"Fine by me," Kyle said, yawning despite feeling wide awake. "What time is it?"

"Three thirty," Patricia replied.

"Jesus," Kyle muttered, surprised it was still the middle of the night. "So what do we do now?"

"Connor, have you had a look at the entry system?"

"Aye, I've had a look. I take it you want me to add these three as users?"

"Yes, please. We will require access again in the future, and I would suggest that no-one is permitted access unless either Katie, Kara or Kyle is present," The lawyer replied. "Further, it would be wise to remove any other users from the system."

"I can do that. Danny Tripps was smart enough to leave an instruction manual next to the computer controlling it," Connor replied, smirking.

"After that I would suggest you all return to your rooms and await a visit from myself and Mister Kane. Connor, can I suggest you perhaps stay around the main house for the time being too?"

"Sure," He nodded.

"So does that mean I can get a shower now?" Kyle asked, knowing Kara had washed him clean but still convinved he had the old mans blood on him.

"As soon as you've sorted out the access protocols," George nodded.

"What about him?" Connor asked, jerking his thumb at the corpse on the far side of the room.

"We'll deal with that after we've spoken to Mister Kane." At that the old man nodded and stood up. "And no alcohol for the time being please."

"Okay," Kyle said. "Connor?"

The Scotsman nodded and led them to the Control room. Kyle was still a little unsteady on his feet, but with Patricia holding his hand, he was able to cross the room with little difficulty.

The control room was astonishing to each of them, as they saw the images on the array of monitors, with one of the large screens showing a picture of Kyle's room from above his bed, another showing footage from a camera in the corner of his bathroom above the shower. The other screens showed a variety of areas around the Island, some of the garden areas, some of the main house, a couple of Edwin's apartment and the courtyard outside the kitchens.

Connor directed their attention to a small desk at the side of the room, where he asked each of them to press their hands on a scanner, and then asked them to come up with a password. They settled on a six digit number, and Kara was sent out to test it. She got back in with no difficulty, and when Katie did the same, the five of them left the bunker.

Kyle hadn't been up this way yet, and he followed the stairs that went up from the bunker's kitchen area, then right, then left and into a small landing with a carpeted metal staircase topped by a flat door that he could see lifted on counterweights.

Connor pushed a button on the wall and there was a barely audible click. The ceilng swung upwards, revealing the interior of the bar area, next to the pool. The five of them climbed the stairs and Kyle looked around, surprised to see them behind the bar counter. Connor pushed a button recessed into the section of the floor that was currently up in the air, and it swung down and merged seamlessly with the bar floor, hiding the access point to the safehouse.

"How do we get it open again?" Kyle asked, seeing four blank faces looking back at him.

"I guess you go back down the ladder," Connor said, shrugging. "There'll be an instruction manual downstairs to open this one, I'm guessing."

"i hope so," Kyle muttered.

He followed his sisters and Patricia upstairs and Katie and Kara sat down on his balcony, taking their usual late-night spots. Connor took the fourth chair and Patricia sat on the arm of Kyle's seat, draping her arm around his neck.

Kyle picked up his cigarettes from where he'd left them hours ago and lit up. Kara took one, as did Connor, and to his surprise, so did Patricia.

"I thought you only smoked when you'd been drinking."

"I wish I was drinking right now," Patricia muttered. "That's good enough for me."

"I take it we're not leaving at lunchtime anymore?" Katie said a moment later.

"Can't see it," Kara replied.

"I'll take care of it," Patricia said without moving. "We can delay the departure until tonight, but we don't want to put it off much further than that."

They sat there in silence consumed by their own thoughts until Katie stood up and came over to give Kyle a hug. "I'm going for a shower. Glad you're not dead, Kyle."

"Me too," He said immediately.

"Me three," Kara added, clasping Katie's hand and giving it a squeeze as she wandered off to her suite.

"I could do with a shower myself and some clean clothes, if that's a possibility Kyle?" Connor asked.

Kyle nodded and Patricia got up. "You can use my room. I'll get you some of Kyle's clothes."

"Help yourself to whatever you need, Connor. And thanks for getting my back, man."

"Nae bother," The Scotsman winked. "I know you haven't dealt with anything like this before, but I have. Guys like that. They're like dogshit and sooner or later someone has to deal with them. Better he's dealt with and dead by his own actions, than he gets his hands on your sisters, or Patricia here. It's never a pleasure, but sometimes it's good to see karma in action, know what I mean?"

Kyle frowned but nodded.

"I'll get showered and then I'll be back out here, smoking your cigarettes." Connor headed inside with Patricia, leaving Kyle and Kara out on the balcony.

"So how you doing, Kara?"

"I wish you'd told me everything that was going on," She said bluntly. "I can see how you didn't know if it was safe, but from now on, you don't keep any secrets from me, right?"

"I only did what I thought safe to do, Kara," Kyle said after a moment. "I'm sorry if you feel cut out the loop, but I didn't want you in danger."

"I can take care of myself, Kyle."

"I don't doubt it," He said quickly. "But I thought I could take care of myself too, I had Connor protecting me and I had a gun, but as Katie pointed out, I nearly died. If that ricochet had gone another way, or if he'd pulled a gun instead of a tazer it might have been game over for me."

"Well I don't want that to happen to you," She said quickly. "That's why I want you to talk to me in future and don't keep anything back. You might have noticed but I'm not good at trusting people. I've lived most of my life feeling alone and taking a step forward to try and trust you and Katie isn't easy for me, Kyle. When you keep secrets it feels like you're betraying me."

Kyle rubbed at his head and took a last drag of his cigarette before stubbing it out.

"I get that it's not easy for you, Kara. I understand that. You've had a life I can barely comprehend, but I'm here for you, anytime you want to talk. I didn't involve you because I thought we were all being watched and if I told you, I was worried you'd become a target. That's why I kept it secret. It won't happen in the future though, okay? I'm sorry you feel betrayed, but I didn't keep it from you as a betrayal, but to keep you from harm. Don't ask me not to keep you from harm though, because that's not gonna happen."

"Just don't ever lie to me, okay?" Kara stated.

"I won't. That has to be quid pro quo though."

"What?"

"Quid pro quo?"

"Yeah. What's that mean?"

"Oh, it's like..." Kyle shrugged. "If I do it, you do it. We both exchange the same, fair trade kinda thing."

"Why didn't you say that?"

"I did." Kyle said, smiling slightly. "I won't keep any secrets from you, so you don't keep any secrets from me. Fair enough?"

Kara nodded. "Cool. Which reminds me, I'll have something to tell you about, but not just now. It can wait for a day or two."

Kyle nodded. "If it's not life-threatening right now, then I'm happy remaining in the dark."

She smiled briefly. "Yeah, it's definitely not life-threatening. Go get showered, Kyle. I'm going downstairs to get some coffee."

"See you in a bit."

Kyle headed inside and through to his bedroom, spotting Patricia coming out his bathroom.

"Is Connor in your bathroom?" He asked.

"Yes. Come on in here," She replied. "I've drawn you a bath. Thought it might help you relax a little."

Kyle nodded slowly. "That sounds great. I hope you're getting in too."

She rolled her eyes as if he was dumb. "Of course I am."

"I'm showering first though, just in case." Kyle was all too aware that he'd been covered in Edwin's blood and wanted to make sure it was cleaned off.

He followed her into the bathroom, and he could see the tub with it's usual blue-green coloured water from the concoction of bath salts. Patricia stopped him and helped him off with his top, then efficiently removed her own clothes while Kyle kicked off his sneakers and trousers.

She headed into the shower first, getting the water running and when Kyle joined her, she washed his back from head to heels while he did his front. As soon as he rinsed off, she turned off the water and led him out to the bath.

"Want a hand getting in?" She asked carefully.

Kyle shook his head. "I can manage."

He did wobble once, but soon he was sat in the blissfully hot water and moments later Patricia slid in behind him, her legs sliding around his hips, his body resting on hers.

"Close your eyes, Kyle," She said softly in his ear, and he did.

Patricia began to slowly soap him up, working his muscles one at a time to try and ease some of the tension from his frame. Kyle had no idea how much time had passed, but he felt good in her arms and the familiarity of her touch soothed him.

She bade him to sit forward and her hands began their work on his back, working the kinks out his muscles and trying to ease the tension in his frame.

"How you feeling?" She asked eventually.

"Better. More relaxed," He added, slowly opening his eyes. "My head's still sore, but much better. Thankyou."

"My pleasure," She murmured, lowering him back down into her arms. "I'm glad he's not watching us any more, Kyle. I'm glad he's gone."

"I didn't want him dead," Kyle admitted. "But it feels somehow... inevitable. Like I can't think of how else it could have ended well for us without him being dead."

"It was an impossible situation," She said quietly. "Did he really want you to leave me here?"

Kyle sighed. "He did. I didn't tell you before, Patricia, because I needed you to react normally, but I think Edwin's been spying on you for some time. Like a stalker."

"How did you know that?" He felt her arms wrapping a little tighter around him, seeking her own security and comfort, he guessed.

"Sarah told me," He replied slowly, knowing he didn't want to tell her the next bit, but knowing he really had to. "He used to make her dress in a business suit and a blonde wig, then make her strip and touch herself in the shower while he jerked off on her."

There was silence for quite a while as Patricia processed it. He knew she must be feeling violated, disturbed, and probably a whole lot of other stuff too, but he resisted the urge to talk, wanting to let her deal with it in her own way.

"I take it back," She said a few moments later, her tone low and grim. "I wish I'd shot that bastard myself, right in the balls. Urgh! What a...."

"Fucking creep?"

"And then some," She replied. "Urgh. I guess my days of fingering myself in the shower are over."

"If you ever feel the need and you're not already in it, you can do it in my bed any time you like."

"I know. It's just..." She sighed. "He really did all that?"

"I'm afraid so."

"Then I'm glad he's gone. We just need to figure out what to do now. I don't want you getting arrested or anything, Kyle."



Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 40
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"That makes two of us," He replied.

"Kyle?"

"Yeah?"

"Can we swap around? I kinda need a hug."

Kyle didn't bother replying. He simply stood up slowly, let her slide down the bath and sat down behind her. Patricia leaned back between his legs and half-turned so she was lying on her side, her face resting on his chest.

He gently brushed his fingers down her arm, an intimate touch, and she took his hand in hers.

"You okay?" He asked a moment later, wrapping his other arm around her.

"Might need a few more of these in the next few days," She admitted.

"Any time you like, Patricia."

They lay there for another ten minutes until Kara called through to let them know Mister Crowler had returned with Brian Kane in tow, along with a yawning Captain Wales. Kyle and Patricia quickly dried and dressed, then went out to meet them in the lounge of Kyle's suite, with the doors securely closed. +6 To their surprise, Brian greeted them with warm handshakes, admitting a moment later that he suspected for a long time that there was something off about Edwin, and that when Mister Crowler told him what had happened, he wasn't really that surprised.

Mister Crowler then briefed them on Brian's suggestion on how to deal with the situation. It seemed very simple, so much so that Kyle kept looking for holes in it.

Over the next couple of hours, Edwin's body was to be wrapped in the bloodstained rugs, taped up and secured in trash bags and brought to the top of the hidden staircase. At seven o'clock in the morning, Brian and his team would gather every person on the Island in the Clubhouse for a meeting. As soon as everyone was there, Kyle and Connor would carry the body through the deserted Island to the pier where Captain Wales would be waiting onboard the Betsy. Connor and Captain Wales would then take Edwin's corpse out to sea, weight it and sink it, while Kyle joined his sisters in the Clubhouse. Brian and Mister Crowler would then tell the staff that Edwin had been dismissed with immediate effect for allegations of sexual assault on a member of staff, and assault on Kyle when confronted about it.

The story would be presented that while the staff were in the Clubhouse, Connor and Captain Wales were transporting Edwin to a waiting aircraft at Guadeloupe, where he would be flown back to England. His personal items would follow in due course. In the meantime, Mister Crowler would be taking over as interim Manager until someone else could be appointed.

"As simple as that?" Kyle asked. "You honestly think they'll accept it?"

"You can't tell the staff what actually happened," Brian Kane stated. "You can't keep a secret if a hundred people know about it. So it's a lot simpler if you don't have a corpse. You have a live person who's been dismissed. If you dismissed him, then you would want to gather everyone together and let them know, and you would whisk him off the Island pronto. In effect, that's what we're telling them."

"It has to be believable though."

"He wasn't liked, Kyle," Brian replied, shrugging. "People will believe bad things about people they don't like. It is absolutely important though, that when you move the body there are no drips of blood or evidence of anything untoward."

Kyle and Connor both nodded.

"I'll help you downstairs," Katie said a moment later.

"No," Kyle said immediately, shaking his head. "I have to do this, and if Connor wants to help, then that's fine, but you or Kara aren't helping me. I have to do this. My actions, my consequences, even if it was all his fault."

"I don't want to help," Kara said immediately, frowning. She shrugged apologetically. "Sorry, but I don't."

"Well I don't either, but I'll do it," Katie said, frowning at her sister.

"Well, I'll do it myself," Kyle said. "Besides we'll need both of you down at the clubhouse to lend weight to the seriousness of the meeting."

"Work it out among yourselves," Mister Crowler said, cutting them off. "Are you content that this is how we'll deal with the present situation?"

Katie and Kara nodded, Connor shrugged and Patricia didn't say anything, but Kyle looked at Captain Wales. "What about you, Captain? You're being asked to be a part of this, and it's not a nice thing being asked of you."

"Son, I was a US Navy SEAL for nearly twenty years," The sailor replied. "I've served all over the world, done missions that will remain classified until long after I'm dead, and I've done things in service to my country that I can't ever talk about. As for this?" He shrugged. "This is nothing. It's disposing of the trash in a way that keeps it clean for everyone involved. Don't be worrying about me, Kyle."

Kyle thought for a second, aware that everyone was watching him closely. "Okay. Let's do it. Brian, how will we know when it's safe to bring Edwin outside?"

"I've got a radio for you. I'll call you on it and just ask you to make your way to the Clubhouse. That'll do for a code to say 'move the body'. Just radio me back once the Betsy is on it's way."

"What will I say then?"

He shrugged. "Something simple. 'Be there in a minute' will do, I expect."

Kyle looked to Connor. "Want to get started?"

"Aye, might as well," The Scotsman replied. "Now that I'm all showered. Hey, what about the clothes with blood on them?"

"Give them to me," Patricia said. "I'll wash them in the bathtub."

"Okay," Kyle replied, looking at each person in the room. "And thanks, all of you. Your help and understanding won't be forgotten."

Captain Wales grinned as he stood up. "Just remember that when it comes to payrise negotiations, son."

It took Kyle and Connor forty minutes to wrap Edwin's body in the rugs, then tape it all tight. Another layer of trashbags was secured tight around that, then every joint was sealed with tape, with another layer over the top of it all.

They were both plastered in the sticky blood and the smell of it was in Kyle's nostrils, making him feel nauseous on more than one occasion. Strangely the close proximity of the body didn't make him feel uncomfortable, scared or upset, perhaps because it seemed to him that it was really just a body. It seemed uninhabited to him, perhaps disassociating it from Edwin, the personality, making his job of wrapping it a little easier.

They brought it up to the staircase under the bar, then returned and began to scrub the floor clean, sorting the place out in anothet twenty minutes. Kyle suggested they stop for a cigarette before heading back upstairs and they took the opportunity to have a look around the underground safehouse.

The main room was broken up into sections in an open-plan style, with a lounge area at one end, a small dining table half way up and a kitchen area at the other end. Two doors led from the kitchen, one to a food storeroom, the other up to the bar. Opposite the dining table was two doors, one leading to the kitchen courtyard above, the other to the room with all the CCTV cameras and security controls. Other doors led to a bedroom and a small bathroom with a shower cubicle.

Overall the place was spartan and simple, but it had several home comforts, ranging from a unit with several hundred DVD's in it, a couple of laptop computers and a bookcase full of classics. In the security room there was a couple of cabinets, and Connor found the keys in a drawer. The first contained a selection of pistols, shotguns and rifles, along with ammo, body armour, torches, batteries and a pair of night-vision goggles. The other cabinet contained cases and cases of DVD's, each marked with a serial number.

Kyle wanted to have a look and see if he could find an index of what was on each DVD, but Connor reminded him they had to get cleaned up again before the staff started appearing to begin their morning work. On the plus side though, he'd found the schematics for a hidden button in the bar that would allow the hatch to be opened.

They returned to Kyle's suite, got cleaned up and changed, and then sat on the balcony waiting for the call from Brian, chain-smoking cigarettes and drinking coffee. Time dragged on and on, but at quarter to seven some of the Islands security staff appeared and asked everyone to come immediately to the clubhouse. Ed grumbled like one of the grouches on the Muppet show at being ushered out his room, Casey looked a little sheepish as he and Margarita appeared in the same clothes as the night before, and while it took ten minutes, eventually Kara and Katie departed with them.

Patricia came over to Kyle and bent down next to him. "See you down there, Kyle. Be careful and make sure you compose yourself before you come in, okay?"

"I will," He nodded.

She gave him a peck on the cheek then left.

Without a word, Connor and Kyle headed down to the bar and opened the hatch.

The wait was frustrating and Kyle tapped his foot impatiently on the steps. He also realised that the covert activity was a little frightening, but a little exciting too.

"Is it weird that is a bit... exciting?"

Connor laughed. "In my line of work when it gets exciting that usually means somethings gone wrong. What you're experiencing is adrenalin and anxiety, probably frustration, impatience, fear and probably a whole load of other emotional shit too. It's only natural given the circumstances, but just try and chill. Be patient. It'll happen when it happens, and then it'll be over and done with, and you're on to the next part of the job."

"Fucking weirdest night ever," Kyle muttered.

"You're doing okay, Kyle," Connor said a moment later.

"What? With a concussion after I killed a man?"

The Scotsman shrugged. "It's a lot to process. I've seen people lose the plot, panic, go numb. Some folk chunder."

"Chunder?"

"Aye, vomit."

Kyle chuckled. "Good word."

"We Scots have invented a few here and there. Some of them are even understandable."

"Aye," Kyle tried to say in his best Scottish impersonation, drawing a grin from Connor. Just at that the radio crackled, and Brian gave them the all clear.

"Let's do it," Connor said. "I'll take the feet, you take the upper body and I'll go in front. Take your time, alright."

Kyle nodded and moved to the corpse, wrapped into a neat cylinder with the rugs and trash bags. On Connors signal they lifted the body and Kyle grunted as they carried it up the steps and into the bar.

It felt really bizarre to be carrying a wrapped up body in broad daylight through a place he'd come to love, but with short steps, Connor and Kyle made their way through the main house, took the right onto the path past the kitchens, and then a few minutes later onto the beach.

Captain Wales was waiting for them with the gangplank ready and engines running, his crew sent to the clubhouse like everyone else.

They carried Edwins body along the pier, feeling exposed in the open, but Connor kept feeding Kyle advice to keep him calm and all too soon they were placing the body out of sight in the lounge of the catamaran.

"We'll take it from here, Kyle," Captain Wales said as Connor slumped into a seat. "And don't worry, no-ones going to cross paths with this perverted fucker again. Not even Nemo the clown-fish."

"Thanks, Captain," Kyle said, shaking his hand. "Connor, see you when you get back. And thanks again."

"Nae worries, Kyle."

He helped them cast off and then radioed Brian to let him know he'd be there in a couple of minutes. A smoke on the way there did nothing to reduce his nerves, but he kept taking deep breaths and felt a little calmer by the time he got to the clubhouse doors.

The inside was packed out, with nearly a hundred people there. He made his way to where Kara, Katie, George Crowler and Brian Kane waited on the stage and as he joined his sisters, the Security Chief called the room to silence.

"Thankyou for gathering here, and our apologies about the lack of notice, but we're dealing with some unusual circumstances here," He began, speaking loudly to the room. Kyle noticed the amount of frowns that looked back at them and he set his face in a neutral expression.

"Now, approximately ninety minutes ago, Master Kyle went to see Edwin in his apartment. With him was Connor Grant, a guest on the Island, and as many of you know, a Security specialist. Master Kyle was approached by a member of staff who will remain anonymous with allegations of sexual assault committed by Edwin on her on a number of occasions. After investigating the matter with the assistance of Mister Grant, Master Kyle approached Edwin and notified him he was under investigation."

A murmur ran around the room, and Kyle knew that every set of eyes on the room had looked at him.

"During the course of questionning him, and presenting evidence, Edwin attempted to assault Master Kyle, admitting his guilt during the attack. Thankfully Mister Grant was on hand and rendered assistance."

Another ripple of whispered conversation rushed around the room, gradually ceasing when Brian held up a hand for silence.

"At this point, lacking evidence for a criminal case, but knowing him to be guilty, Master Kyle dismissed Edwin from his position of Island Manager with immediate effect. Arrangements were made to fly him back to his home country of England, and Master Kyle has just returned from escorting him personally to Captain Wales' catamaran. Mister Grant is rendering his assistance to ensure that he is put on the aircraft waiting for him and they are on their way to do that right now."

Kyle could see many of the expressions had turned to smiles, some hidden, but many of the staff seemed pleased by the news. The rest looked either uninterested or weren't showing what they thought.

"Now obviously this leaves us with a post to be filled and Mister George Crowler has been asked to fill it on a temporary basis until the vacancy can be filled. In the meantime I'd like you all to render him every possible assistance in ensuring a smooth transition."

Kyle took a deep breath, knowing there was a couple of things that needed said and took a step forward, bringing a rushed whisper from the staff that quietened as he waited to speak.

"I'd like to add a few words," Kyle said loudly, looking around the room. "This situation with Edwin has come as a surprise to us all, but it's been dealt with. If there are problems on the Island then we want to know about them. You can trust me, and the same goes for Kara or Katie, and we all have the utmost faith in Mister Crowler too, so again, if there's problems, we want to know about them."

He paused for a moment, formulated his next point in his head, then continued.

"Next, I wanted to take this opportunity to let you know how impressed we've been over the last week. This place is a paradise, a piece of tropical heaven with the highest levels of service and standards that take a lot of hard work to achieve. We want to let you know that we're very grateful for all your work, and that we appreciate the commitment to excellence that you display in your professionalism and approach every single day."

He forced a smile onto his face. "It's important that we don't let the shadow of events last night fall over us, and that we continue to achieve exactly what we strive for. We're delaying our departure until tonight because we want to be here to deal with any unresolved issues, and because we'd like the opportunity for just a few more hours here. Let's forget what happened this morning, and make it a great day, okay?"

Kyle nodded and stepped back between his sisters. To his surprise a small round of applause broke out, and for want of a better response, he nodded again.

"Where did that come from?" Katie muttered.

"Just thought they needed reminding that they're the guys who actually make this place what it is," Kyle said quietly. "A pep talk of sorts."

"Commitment to excellence?" Kara murmured, leaning into him. "That was from one of the briefing papers, right?"

"Exactly," He said, winking. "It's a good line."

"They seemed to like it."

"Okay, people," Brian Kane said, calling the room to order again. "I'm going to hand you over now to Mister Crowler. Thanks for your patience and thanks for listening."

At that he stepped back and Mister Crowler stepped forward, Kyle could see all eyes in the room were on the old lawyer. "All team leaders. Please put your teams to work and come and see me in the next two hours. I'll be in Edwin's office in his apartment. Thankyou. Dismissed."

As the staff were all wandering out the door, chatting over the revelations they'd just been hit with, Kyle looked at Mister Crowler. "You kept that brief."

"I'm a big fan of letting people do the work they're employed to do," The old man smiled. "You nearly gave me a heart-attack when you stepped forward there. Nicely done."

Kyle shrugged. "No biggie. So can we head back to the house now?"

"The boat got away?"

Kyle nodded. "No problems."

"Good. I'll see you at lunch," George replied, turning to leave. "Brian, let's go."

"Work calls," The Security chief said, nodding at Kyle on his way past.

"Brian," Kyle said, grabbing his hand. "Thanks for this. All of it."

"No problem, sir, and if you don't mind me saying, Edwin was a bastard. I'm glad he's... off the Island."

It was two hours and forty minutes later when Connor finally appeared. A nervous Kyle greeted him and took him into the bar, glad to escape from the incessant mocking from Ed, who had decided that Kyle got beat up by an old man and was reeling out every relevant joke in his repertoire.

"How did it go?"

"Fine," Connor said, nodding his head. "Captain Wales turned off his GPS and headed mostly West for an hour or so. Nothing but water for ages, and then eventually he stopped, we chained an anchor round the corpse, added a charge, put a hole in the trash bags to let the air out, and put him over the side."

"Wait. What do you mean by a charge?" Kyle asked, frowning.

"Captain Wales idea," Connor said firmly. "Last thing you want is a body washing up on the beach or being discovered by scuba divers or something, so you make sure there's no body to find."

"So you exploded it?"

Kyle could mentally picture it and the thought of disposing of a body at sea where no-one would ever find it made him feel sick. Worse was the knowledge that they were going to explode it into pieces on the bottom of the ocean. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, reminding himself that Edwin was a piece of shit and had killed himself by his own actions.

Connor fixed him with a steady gaze and continued his report.

"He sank like a stone after we put him over the side, and we hung around for a few minutes, but the corpse didn't come back up, so we turned East again for a hundred metres or so and triggered the charge and waited. All clear, so we continued back to the East. About an hour later, Captain Wales turned the GPS back on and used it to navigate back here. He doesn't know the precise spot, I don't have a clue, and there's no way he's washing up on a beach," Connor concluded. "It's done, Kyle."

Kyle nodded, feeling a little relieved that it was done, but sick and disgusted all the same. "Thanks, Connor. For everything."

"Aye, you keep saying that, Kyle," The Scotsman replied, smiling a little. "I think I told you before a few days back. I like the chase, the imminent threat, and as my experience goes, this wasn't a big drama. There wasn't a kidnapping, or a pitched battle, no car chases or anything crazy, but it was good to do some work again. It's been a while."

"You sure I can't recruit you to head up my security detail?"

He shook his head. "I get bored with babysitting people when there's no specific threat and me and bored don't mix well. If you ever get one though, just give me a call and I'll be right there."


Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooThreads: The IslandPage 41
Threads: The Island
byJammyJimmy©

"Anything you need," Kyle said, "If it's in my power to help, you'll get it. Any time you want to see me, my door's open, and you know you're welcome to come here any time, right? Same goes for the rest of our accommodation too."

Connor nodded. "Aye. Cheers for that. It's all good though, Kyle. Just doing my thing."

"I thought there had to be chicks involved for that," Kyle grinned.

"Talking of which, I'm off to pick up where I left off with those two chambermaids the other day," He replied, "And then I'm gonna sleep."

"Come up for dinner later if you want," Kyle suggested. "It'll be good to see you before we go."

"Aye, I will." Connor thrust out a hand and Kyle shook it.

"Thanks, Connor."

"Nae worries, Kyle."

Kyle wandered back to join his friends who were sitting around the pool, chilling out and chatting, and he took a seat at one of the tables and lit a cigarette. Patricia came over to join him and sat down next to him.

"How did it go?" She asked quietly.

"Fine. No problems." He decided not to tell anyone about the explosives part of the story. He was having enough trouble with it himself and really wanted to think about something else.

"That's a relief."

"I know," He nodded. "So what's the plans for today then?"

She shrugged. "Kick back and relax. Finish packing. Dinner and then we're off to the boat."

"I need to go and have a look at some stuff downstairs at some point," Kyle said, remembering the cabinet full of DVD's. He wanted to have a look at the system too, to see what it could do and what it had been recording.

"Some sleep might not be a bad idea either," Patricia said, reminding him they'd been up since early yesterday morning.

"Is that you hinting you want to get me in bed?"

"Normally yes, but I'm not really in the mood right now," She replied, a sad little smile on her face. " All I can think about is getting some sleep."

"Some actual sleep would be good. Let's go," He said firmly. They got to the bedroom, undressed and slipped under the sheets, and despite the brightness of the room, Patricia was asleep in minutes.

Kyle lay there, yawning and trying to drift off, but he couldn't seem to sleep, so after half an hour he slipped out of bed, threw on some clothes and headed downstairs. Seeing no-one about he stepped into the bar, flicked the trigger and slipped downstairs, closing the staircase behind him.

It was eerie walking down the stairs completely on his own, and he felt a little trepidation as he punched in the code and held his hand against the palm-scanner. He stepped back as the door opened and entered the silent bunker, his eyes automatically going to the spot where Edwin had lay.

He took a deep breath and headed for the control room, sliding into a seat before the console, seeing Patricia sleeping on one of the large screens in front of him. He smiled, seeing how natural and relaxed she seemed while asleep.

Kyle turned to look at the wall to his left, a large map of the Island about eight feet across with numbered pins stuck in it showing the location of each camera. It took him a minute, but he counted one hundred and thirty eight.

"Holy fuck that's a lot of cameras."

It took him another ten minutes to find the guide on how to use the system, and his eyes widened more than once at how it was set up. Each camera fed back to a server which sharpened the image and adjusted the distortion and brightness, cleaned up the sound and then fed it to another series of servers which recorded the feed from every camera. If there was no motion or sound then the cameras didn't record anything. It was remarkably detailed and efficient, and if it was set up as a security measure in the event of a threat, then anyone inside the bunker would know more about what was going on outside than the people outside would.

He began to scroll through the cameras one at a time, seeing lots of the staff at work, empty rooms and guest suites, the hive of activity that was the kitchens, George Crowler holding a meeting with seven members of staff, and of course, his friends and sisters hanging out at the beach.

He adjusted the feed to scroll back on a couple of the cameras, and satisfied he'd got the basics of it, he turned off the monitors and turned to the cabinet behind him full of DVD's.

It took a few minutes or raking around, but he eventually found a leather bound notebook behind the cabinet, listing the contents of each DVD. His eyes nearly popped out his sockets as he flicked through the pages.

"It's a fucking index to a private voyeur porn stash," He muttered. "Danny Tripps private fucking spank bank."

He dropped the book and quickly nipped into the lounge to grab a laptop, powering it up on his way back. It booted in seconds, and Kyle traced a finger down the notebook. He stopped and grabbed the corresponding DVD from the cabinet and put it in, opened the video software and selected the DVD.

An image flicked onto the screen of Jennifer Connelly and Paul Bettany entering the suite currently occupied by Katie.

"Holy fuck," Kyle murmured as he began to skip through the video. The couple got undressed and slipped into bed together, touches turned into kisses and quickly they were fucking. He skipped ahead several times, seeing them in different positions as they coupled. When he skipped ahead again the video changed, this time of Jennifer Connelly in the bathtub, masturbating.

Kyle turned away and looked at the booklets full of DVD's in the cabinet, recalling the hundreds of names in the notebook, dozens of them famous actors, musicians, models, writers, athletes, household names.

"Jesus fucking Christ."

He knew instantly that there was no way he could ever tell anyone about this apart from Kara and Katie. This was just too explosive, too dangerous to ever come out in public. A private porn stash on hidden cameras of more people than he could count. The mother-lode of celebrity sex-tapes.

He looked back at the screen and flicked it forward, seeing the brunette actress, one of his personal favourites, face down on the bed with her ass up in the air, getting butt-fucked by the man who was now her husband.

"Fucking hell."

It wasn't that it was a major turn-on, although in any other circumstances it would be instant boner material. The events of the last eight hours had put paid to that and weighed too heavily on him at present. He shook his head and ejected the DVD, putting it back in it's place and he picked up the notebook, wanting to know if every one of these was a porn compilation.

He traced a finger down the list. Brad and Angelina. Charlize Theron. Salma Hayek, with three different DVD's. Jennifer Connelly, and a second one with Paul Bettany. Sheryl Crow. Pink. Seal and Heidi Klum. This list went on, with dozens and dozens of different names.

Each page of the notebook was for a different letter of the alphabet, organised by surname, with a date and a serial number of the DVD, and Kyle began to look for the most recent ones. He quickly cottoned on that anything within the last few weeks had different handwriting, as Edwin began to add his own discs to the collection.

He spotted one simply labelled Kara, and frowned, trying to decide if he should watch it or not. Instead he changed the page to W, and found the disc labelled Kyle Watson. He grabbed the corresponding DVD and put it in the drive.

The footage that flicked on the screen showed him in the shower. He skipped forward, seeing Patricia soaping his back for the first time. A slight smile appeared on his face as he recalled what that had eventually led to, but he frowned at the thought that their most intimate moments hadn't just been between the two of them.

"Fucking Edwin," He grunted.

Kyle flicked ahead again, finding the section where Sarah came to visit him during the night. He jumped too far and caught a head full of black hair bobbing up and down on his cock, so he took it back, and watched from when he was asleep.

A figure paused in the doorway to remove a bedrobe. It was hard to see details due to the position of the camera and the green-white glow of the night vision in the dark, but the figure gently placed the robe on the floor in the doorway, then began to cautiously creep forward, her head lowered.

Kyle's eyes narrowed. Something wasn't right here, but he couldn't quite put his finger on it. It just felt... odd.

Sarah paused at the edge of the bed, her face hidden by her hair, but her slim, taught frame visible on the screen. Kyle felt his heartbeat quicken slightly in anticipation of what he knew was to come, and he watched as the dark-haired girl slowly lifted his sheet back and began to tease a finger slowly up his cock, wakening it, making it grow.

She moved, positioning herself bent at the waist above him on the bed, and her long black hair began to touch his face. He watched as he woke up and she lay half on him, her hand reaching down to stroke his erection, then how she held back from him as he tried to kiss her.

The hair covered her face, but Kyle couldn't help admire her body as she sat up on him and took his cock inside her. He watched as his hand reached up to touch her breast, and that niggling feeling came at him again.

Sarah began to grind him hard, and he watched as she grabbed his wrists and pushed them down on the bed, holding him down, and then it clicked, the niggling thing that had been annoying him.

The complete absence of any tattoos on her skin.

"That's not Sarah," He muttered with a sinking feeling, and just as his brain reached the conclusion, the woman on the screen flicked her head back, revealing her face for the first time.

"Kara."

Kyle sat with his mouth wide open, frozen as a dozen different emotions rushed through him, everything from shock to denial, arousal to disgust.

"Jesus, Kara," He murmured moments later as she slid off his lap and began to suck his cock. This was too much and he couldn't comprehend what the hell she was thinking, knowing he was her brother.

"I mean, me and Katie hooked up but we didn't know," He said aloud, talking to the screen. "You knew, Kara. What the fuck?"

He watched as he stiffened and then came in her mouth. He could see her cheeks sucking hard on his cock and he remembered the exquisite feeling of it. Kyle's cock began to stiffen and he shifted uncomfortably, feeling disgusted with himself at his arousal.

"You knew," He muttered.

He watched as Kara swallowed his cum down and smiled in the darkness, then watched her hop backwards off the bed, stumble a little, then reach down and grab her dressing gown and dart out the door before he could turn the lights on.

"Holy fuck."

The picture on the screen changed to Kyle back in the bath, asking Patricia if it was her last night and he ejected the DVD, put it away and shut the laptop down. Kyle closed the cabinet and headed back upstairs, not even checking to make sure there was no-one around when he exited the stairs behind the bar. He felt like he was on autopilot as he entered his suite, stripped and got into bed.

His mind was whirling with thoughts. What the hell was she thinking? And how come when he'd confronted Sarah about it she'd admitted it was her when it wasn't? Was it just sheer blind luck that Sarah had hopped off the bed the same way that Kara had, and that had led to everything that had happened with Edwin?

"Fuck my life," Kyle murmured.

"What?" Patricia muttered.

"Nothing. Sorry. Didn't mean to wake you," He said softly, slipping in behind her.

She pulled his arm around her, nestling her body into him. "It's okay. Can't you sleep?"

"No, went down to the bunker."

Patricia rolled onto her back, propping her legs over his and turned to look at him, all sleepy and cute. "What did you find?"

"You don't want to know," Kyle said unhappily.

She watched him carefully for a moment, then said softly, "Was it footage of me?"

Kyle shook his head. "No, not exactly, just, em.... there was footage stored of me and you. All week long."

She looked away and took a deep breath. "Did you delete it?"

"Not yet, but I will later."

"You have to. Promise me, Kyle, please?" She said, her expression intense.

"I will. I promise. There's just something I have to do first."

"What?"

"Remember the visitor I had that night?" Kyle said carefully.

"Sarah?"

"Yeah, that's the problem," Kyle said, watching her expression change. "It wasn't Sarah."

Despite Patricia's repeated questions and eventual pleading he refused to tell her who it was that was in his room. He replied with no to every name she suggested too, and when she finally announced she was getting up, he realised he wouldn't be able to sleep either, so got dressed again.

Lakshmi arrived while Kyle was out having a cigarette. He realised they hadn't had a chance to chat at all since yesterday, and she was full of questions.

He ran through the version of events that they'd settled on telling everyone, and she was wide-eyed at the revelations of what Edwin had been up to, although like many of the staff on the Island, she wasn't that surprised.

She went inside to help Patricia finish packing up his clothes and anything they'd need for the trip to San Antonio, then on to LA while Kyle went downstairs to grab Ed and Casey and go for a walk round the Island.

They were full of questions, but after a couple of minutes he asked them if they could talk about something else, so Ed immediately began to speculate about Casey's sex life with Margarita in the graphic way only Ed could. It was good to be distracted by the normality of his friends conversations, Kyle realised, and the half hour they spent walking around was like a side-step from all the shit he'd dealt with in the last twelve hours and the conversation he knew he'd have to have before the day was out.

Kyle, Katie and Kara had a private lunch with George Crowler and it was a subdued affair, with George bringing them up to speed on the reports from the various Managers among the Islands staff. Despite their initial reluctance, they began to open up to George about some of the issues they'd had with Edwin, such as his reluctance to change some of the more inefficient procedures, his insistence on using specific suppliers from which they were convinced he got a percentage, and from several of the staff who had complained about his innapropriate stares or occasionally bizarre behaviour. There was also several reports about staff who had left the Island in the past due to sexual harassment claims, but because Edwin always had Danny Tripps' full support, no-one could do anything about them.

It left the three of them with mixed feelings. On the plus side, they were glad that Edwin was no longer in charge, as were most of the staff apparently, but Kyle felt a little guilty that it was his actions that had ultimately led to Edwins death. Feeling happy about it made him feel guilty, and on more than one occasion he had to push those thoughts aside and concentrate on what was happening in the present and future.

George explained that he had asked each of the Islands managers to produce a list of proposals by ten o'clock the next morning for improvements in their respective areas, and he was hopeful that things would be improved both in terms of morale and efficiency, but also in financial terms.

After lunch there was a half-hour gap before they were all to head down to the beach for another session of paragliding, snorkelling and for the first time, jetskiing, so Kyle suggested that he bring Katie and Kara down to the bunker.

Mister Crowler distracted their friends enough with questions about service on the Island that they were able to slip away into the bunker, and once they were down there, Kyle explained to them about Danny Tripps' secret porn stash.

They were both apalled and intrigued at the same time, and Katie insisted on checking out one of the videos of Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie, just so she could see what the footage looked like. Kara jokes that she was fooling no-one, but Katie merely grinned and went into the lounge to put the DVD in a laptop.

Kyle took the opportunity to close the door, and pulled out the DVD with his name on it.

"I watched this earlier. I think you've got one too," He began.

"Mine will be getting destroyed then," She said simply.

"No secrets between us, Kara?" Kyle asked. "Wasn't that what you said?"

Her eyes jerked up to meet his and she held his gaze for a few seconds.

"I saw it," Kyle said eventually. "Your late night visit."

"Oh." Kara looked like she was going to say something, then decided against it and shrugged. "Yeah, it was me."

"You sneaked into my room, fucked me, blew me and ran away."

She nodded solemnly. "I did."

"Why?"

She sat down in one of the two chairs and turned to face him. "It's... kinda hard to explain."

"Well you're gonna."

"You sound pissed."

"Explain it please," Kyle said firmly, his arms folded.

She sighed. "So as I mentioned before, there's very few customers I remember, and even fewer that get me turned on when I was dancing, right? And I told you I remembered you, that you'd got to me a little that night and I deliberately made you cum."

"I remember."

"Good. Well I remembered too. Sometimes at night when I couldn't sleep I'd do what most people do, right?" Kyle nodded, so she continued. "Well, sometimes I'd remember you. Do you need me to spell it out, Kyle?"

"Masturbation inspiration."

"Exactly. And I can't believe I'm even telling you that." She paused for a second. "So here I am on this fucking Island, I'm lonely, I don't know who to trust, and... well, you look fucking hot, right?"

"But you know I'm your brother at this point," Kyle stated.

She nodded. "So this night we'd been chatting about you and Patricia, and you were saying how she wasn't going for it, and I was trying to convince you to seduce her."

"Yeah."

"Well, the conversation turned me on a bit, and I couldn't sleep, so I got up and went out on the balcony for a smoke. I must have been sitting there thinking for half an hour when I hear these footsteps on the stairs, and Sarah, the maseusse appears, right?"

"Okay."

"So she didn't see me. She walked up to the door of your suite and goes to open it, so I ask her what she's doing. I mean, it was pretty obvious. She was wearing this skimpy little black silk kimono, stockings and heels."

"So what did she say?"

"She got a fright, so I told her to sit down and we talked for a bit. Then she told me that she'd made a bet with some friends that she would have sex with you, and she had to follow through with it. Well, I didn' t know if you'd hooked up with Patricia, so I tell her that she can't and that she should just tell her friends that she did."

"So Sarah turned up and you stopped her coming in?" Kyle asked.

"Yeah. Bear in mind that at this point, you're the only person I've ever met before, I know you're my brother, but I'm all horny and attracted to you, right? I'm tired and I'm not exactly thinking straight, plus this slut has just shown up and I'm feeling jealous. Pretty much an emotional mess, right?"

"Okay. So what happened with Sarah?"

"She wouldn't leave, even tried to get back into the suite, so I gave her two choices. She could be fired if she kept trying to get inside, or she could leave and I'd tell anyone who asked that she was in there for ten minutes, then left again clutching her kimono," Kara explained.

"So she accepted that and left then?" Kyle asked, frowning.

"Yeah," Kara replied, nodding. "And I was glad she left."

"So how did you come to be in my room then?"

"Curiosity more than anything else," Kara said, sighing again. "I began to wonder if you were in there with Patricia, so I sneaked in to see if I could see her in her room. I found her fast asleep, so that's when the idea struck me. If someone could come into your room, fuck you anonymously and get out again before they were discovered, then why couldn't it be me?"



"Because you know I'm your brother."

"Yeah, but remember. Only person being nice to me, thinking you're hot, feeling lonely, emotional, horny. Things get crazy, plus I'd had a few drinks after dinner." Seeing Kyle's expression darken, she quickly added, "I'm not saying what I did was right or anything. Just trying to explain how it happened."

"So you're in my suite, you get this idea you can fuck me without me knowing it's you, and what? You just decide to do it?"

She shrugged. "Pretty much."

"And then you ran away."

"Made you cum like a volcano before that though," She said quickly, then shook her head. "Sorry. Shouldn't have tried to joke about it."

"So the next day you just pretended it never happened?" Kyle asked, shaking his head.

"Yeah, although I was planning on coming back in that night, but by that point you and Patricia had got together, and have been since." She looked him in the eye. "Kyle, I'm sorry for upsetting you. I'm sorry for being sneaky and all that, and keeping secrets, but I have to be honest. I would do it again."

"What?"

She shrugged. "I would. There's not many guys I find attractive, but I find you attractive, even though I know it's all fucked up and you're my brother, and it's illegal and all that crap, but it's the truth."

"Kara," He said, but she held up her hands, asking him to wait.

"Now, I know it's probably just a phase, or a reaction to all the emotional blah-blah, but I said we had to have no secrets, so there it is. If you hadn't been fucking Patricia, I'd have made a move on you. You've been a figure of fantasy in my head for a few years now, so maybe it'll just take a bit of time for me to stop thinking of you that way."

"Christ, Kara," Kyle said. "Do you have any idea how many times in the last three years I've jerked off to either you or Katie? You two are the hottest memories in my head, but it doesn't mean we can just jump each others bones, especially now we know we're related."

"I know that, Kyle. Jesus," She said, standing up and pacing around. "Honestly, this is what it's like for me right now. You tell me you jerk off thinking about me and I immediately want to fuck your brains out. I know it's wrong, and it's ten different colours of fucked up, but that's how my body is reacting right now. That's why I asked Peter to split us up for a week or two, and that's why I'm trying to get closer to Katie. At least I know she understands."

"She knows about this?" Kyle blurted.

"That it was me in your room? No," She said quickly, shaking her head. "But she knows how I feel. She's pretty much the same, although she doesn't like to talk about it much. You were this amazing guy she had an amazing connection with, and suddenly three years later you're her brother, and you're smart and sexy and decisive. Of course she's attracted to you and confused about it."

Kyle frowned, trying to think. He knew that if he said the wrong thing here it could easily dictate how his future relationship with Kara, and probably Katie too, might turn out.

"Kyle, imagine how you'd feel if you didn't have Patricia. Or any friends to bring out to the Island."

"I... I guess I never thought of it that way," He admitted a moment later. "I get that it must have been lonely and frightening too, but I'm still pissed at you for sneaking into my room and taking advantage of me, Kara."

"That's fair enough," She said nodding. "As long as you can understand why."

He sighed. "Yeah, I guess I can."

"Good."

"Kara," He said, tilting his head. "For what it's worth, if I'd known it was you and we were hooking up, it would have been totally different from how it was."

"I thought it was pretty hot myself," She smirked.

"Oh, so did I, but it would have been different. When Katie and I hooked up we ended up making love instead of fucking," Kyle explained. "It was... I don't know. It was intimate and beautiful, passionate and caring and wonderful. You remember the hug on the bed earlier?"

"Yeah."

"Well, it kinda grew out of that, if that makes any sense at all?" He said, shrugging. "It's hard to explain."

"Intimate instead of physical?"

"Sort of, yeah."

"Sorry I missed out on it," She replied. "So what are we going to do about this?"

"Well, nothing seems the obvious answer to me," Kyle said, thinking. "You asked to be separated from me for a couple of weeks to see how you feel?"

"Yes, I asked Peter to suggest a way for me and Katie to get closer," She said, nodding. "I figured if I still felt the same way when the three of us got back together then I'd speak to you about it then."

"Then that's what we'll do," Kyle replied firmly. "And just so you know, the idea of me and you, or me and Katie, it's something I fantasised about for three years, so it's still hot, but I don't think it should happen again."

"Well, you've got two weeks to give it some thought. I have to warn you though," She said, looking at him. "If I still feel the same in a couple of weeks, and if Katie does too, then it might be easier to let us have our fun, because otherwise you're going to have two sexually frustrated sisters on your case."

"I'll bring you some sex toys back from LA."

"Robert Pattinson and Taylor Lautner would do," She grinned.

Kyle screwed up his face. "Seriously, Kara? You're a twilight junkie?"

"Fuck, no. I hate those films, but those two guys? Very do-able."

"I'll see what I can do then," He chuckled.

"So are we good then, Kyle?" Kara asked a moment later.

"Yeah, I think so. I don't want to be mad at you, Kara, but it came as a serious shock."

"I'll wake you up and ask you next time," She smiled.

"Yeah, we'll see," Kyle replied. He unfolded his arms, pulled Kara to her feet and gave her a hug, pleased to feel her holding him back.

"Right, we better get back upstairs," He said a moment later.

"Wait. We should knock first before we go out there," Kara said quickly.

"Why?"

"Because if it was me out there watching Brad Pitt fucking Angelina Jolie, I'd be wetter than Niagra Falls in a downpour," She laughed. "Let's at least give Katie the chance to fix her clothing."

Kyle chuckled. "Whatever."

True to her suggestions, Kara knocked, waited for a few seconds and then slowly opened the door to see a flushed Katie straightening her clothing and looking a little flushed. Kyle and Kara exchanged a knowing look, and then suggested the three of them go back upstairs. Katie didn't say much, but followed them up the stairs, with both Kyle and Kara noticing her obvious reluctance.

"I'm off to my room to get changed," Katie said as soon as they closed the hatch. Kyle and Kara managed to keep a straight face until she was out of sight, but the second she was gone they broke into broad grins.

"Who knew both my sisters were raging perverts," Kyle muttered, earning a punch on the arm from Kara.

"From the guy who's fucked both of us and is banging his secretary too."

Kyle grinned. "I like to keep busy."

Their last afternoon on the Island passed very quickly, between the various watersports on offer and the service from the staff offering them cocktails on the beach every time they stopped for a rest.

Kyle finally got to try the Mojito sorbet, discovered that his co-ordination didn't quite lend itself to waterskiing, but riding a jetski was a lot of fun when you kept the nose up. All too soon though, they all trooped back up to the main house, got changed and met up for dinner.

It felt like the end of something significant in Kyle's life as he sat down at the table with his sisters, his friends and their 'extended family' as he'd come to think of them. Connor appeared eventually, staying only long enough to offer a toast in something Gaelic that none of them could understand, then disappearing again with a grin that left no doubt what he was up to.

All too soon though the staff appeared to clear the dishes and glasses away and to collect the last of their bags from their rooms. Kyle and Patricia retreated upstairs, taking a last-minute check to make sure everything was collected.

"It looks so empty," Kyle murmured. "I know that's how it looked when I got here, but it seems empty."

"You're being weird," Patricia said, grinning at him. "I can't believe this is the last time we're going to be in here for quite a while and you haven't tried to get me in the bath yet."

"Want to?" He asked immediately, looking hopeful.

She shook her head, smiling. "No, but you can pin me to the bed and kiss me if you like?"

"I can do that," Kyle nodded. He rounded the bed and at the last minute, leaped right past her onto the mattress.

"That's not how you throw me on the bed," She laughed.

"I know," He replied, rolling on his side and beckoning her to join him. "I missed you."

"Oh my god," Patricia said, rolling her eyes. "That was so fucking corny."

"Good, wasn't it?"

"Kyle?" She slid into his arms and he leaned over her, his face inches away from hers.

"Yeah?"

"Shut up and kiss me."

He did.

The staff lined the pier to wave goodbye as Kyle, Kara, Katie, their friends, and Patricia and her colleagues left the Island. Captain Wales and his crew took them smoothly over the water towards Guadeloupe, and when they arrived a small fleet of vehicles waited to take them to the Airport.

They were admitted entry to a VIP area, their passports were checked and then they entered a small lounge building to wait to be escorted to their aircraft. Katie, Kara, Heidi, Garius and Peter were the first to be called to their aircraft, and Kyle walked out to say goodbye to his sisters.

"Don't forget, call us every night," Katie said firmly, poking him in the chest. "Or we'll call you. Whatever. Doesn't matter what the time is, okay?"

Kyle nodded. "I hear you," He said, wrapping his right arm around her as he put his left around Kara.

"And don't forget to bring back those presents you promised me," Kara added quietly.

Kyle chuckled. "I'll see what I can do."

"Remember, call us. A lot. Any time, okay?" Katie repeated.

"I will," He promised. "I'm gonna miss you guys. Make sure you look after each other and I'll see you in a couple of weeks, okay?"

"Bye, Kyle," Katie said, kissing him on the right cheek.

"Bye, Kyle," Kara said, mirroring her kiss on his left cheek.

"Bye, girls. Have a safe flight," He said, feeling sad they were going. "Call me when you land, okay?"

"We will," They both chorused, then left holding hands.

Kyle watched for a minute, waved and went back inside. He was surprised to find himself a little teary-eyed, so he lit a quick cigarette and a few minutes later Patricia and Lakshmi joined him.

"You alright, Kyle?" Lakshmi asked, offering him a bottle of water.

He took it and nodded. "Yeah, I'm fine. Absolutely shattered but I'm good. Sad to be leaving but glad of it too, if that makes sense?"

"Perfectly."

"Hey, where's Ed and Casey?" He asked, realising his friends weren't there.

"Just outside. Are you ready to go, Kyle?" Patricia asked, smiling at him.

"Home for a day or two, then off to the City of Angels?" He smiled. "Yeah, let's do it."

*

Threads is a series of stories featuring a range of characters, their personal tales, habits and quirks that I've been working on over the last year or so, and how they interact and influence each others lives.

As always, please feel free to vote. Us Authors love seeing the ratings and comments from you, the reader. Especially if you've enjoyed the story.

If you'd like an email notifying you when I post a new story online then drop me a message through the contact form and I'll let you know. And thanks for reading.

JJ