Lost, Stranded, Line in the Sand
byyourawful©

This fantasy was inspired more by Lost than Blue Lagoon. I was watching Lost one day and I thought to myself if I was stuck on an island with Evangeline Lilly, Maggie Grace and Emilie de Ravin I wouldn't be worried about the Others. I would be too busy trying to get into those beautiful women. But what if I was stuck on a tropical island with my sister as adults. Unlike the young cousins in Blue Lagoon, society would already have left the imprint of sexual taboo on us. Would we cross that line? It would still be wrong for a brother to fuck his sister, wouldn't? And what about afterwards? This story attempts a somewhat realistic approach on this often written storyline and theme.

*

I walked onto the pier with my girlfriend and stood gaping at the two sail boats. The boats were identical with their sleek lines and subtle curves. My girlfriend Alyssa, a Natalie Portman clone some said, was afraid of the Ocean and wouldn't be going on my family's 6 hour race. Looking at my girlfriend, Alyssa, in her bikini made me regret finally agreeing to this race against my father. Her bikini wasn't real small but flattering and girl next door type sexy. Her c cup breast, tight small butt and thin 5"2' body were accentuated in her black bikini. I would much rather have stayed at the hotel and had sex all day with breaks for only food, swimming, lying on the beach and jumping in the Jacuzzi. I brought two 20 pack boxes of condoms on this trip and I planned on using everyone of them. At least it would be fun trying.

When I woke up this morning my girlfriend had sneaked into my room from across the hall and slipped into my bed with me naked. We had sex twice this morning. The second time my girl friend laughingly said to me, "We have to make love again just in case you drown or get stranded on a deserted island and I never see you again. The love of my life lost forever." I laughed. I don't believe in bad luck or jinxes. The first time we made love she was on top. The second time I was in the drivers seat making love to my beautiful girl friend kissing her passionately as I pounded into her stroke after stroke. My girlfriend joked that she would need to rest all day to recover from our love making session. She was a little sore. I was exhausted but I fantasized about making love to her on the beach.

I didn't want to race my father in matching boats but I had made the mistake of saying I was the better sailor. My father wanted to prove his superiority. I wondered if I could subtly crash the boat against the dock so I could get back to my girl friend. The only problem with that idea is my dad would make me pay for the damage. I would end up having to do the same thing tomorrow when my father rescheduled the race. But the boats were gorgeous and as much as I would miss my girl friend, I wanted to beat my father. My girlfriend, Alyssa, was exhausted after our morning sex and would not be ready for some more gentle love making until late tonight. My girlfriend would be sleeping most of the day in her room and on the beach or hanging out with my two other older sisters and their families.

Alyssa, my girl friend, was fiercely loyal and trustworthy so I did not have to worry about her cheating on me while I was away. Besides my sisters were around to watch her and I had fucked her hard this morning. She was too sore and freshly fucked to be fooling around. I know jealous boyfriend. I guess I was. I loved her that much. It was a weird feeling, loving someone so much that you get slightly jealous over nothing when your not with them. My girlfriend was great woman and I trusted her. I kissed her goodbye feeling her soft skin and straps of her bikini as I rubbed her back. My girlfriend wished me luck and then walked away. What a cute little ass I thought. I want her from behind tonight I thought to myself. As if she knew what I was thinking she turned and smiled waving goodbye.

I threw my bag into the boat. I had stuffed the backpack with water, some munchies, a rope cutting knife and sun block. I started preparing the boats for the race. I knew my father, a Surgeon, would recheck my work. He didn't trust me. Not that I would cheat, but that I was lazy and would make a simple mistake. I was 22 and had decided to go to Law School instead of being a doctor. My dad was not happy. The truth be told I didn't want to be a lawyer or a doctor but couldn't think of anything else to do. My mom was a lawyer so she was happy with my decision to go to law school. My mom was already planning on her son joining her law firm. Securities law. Ugg, not me.

When my grandparents died they left money in trust for each one of their grandchildren. So far I had not received a dime of it. My father as trustee has been reinvesting all the income of the trust. But at 23 the terms of the trust required my dad to distribute the income to me each year. My father right before this trip had showed me the assets of the trust and the income it produced. I would have around hundred thousand dollars a year without touching the principal. I would start to receive the principal when I turned 25. My dad was smart enough to know that his lazy son was about to ditch his family and go off on his own to find himself. Which meant laying on the beach somewhere with a cold drink in hand.

A few minutes later my perfect sister, 25 years old, who had just finished medical school and was about to start training to be a surgeon walked down the pier with my parents. My dad was wearing his usual beach wear shorts, white t-shirt, Yankees cap and sun glasses. He looked like a doctor, regal, all knowing.

My mom was wearing a black bikini. My mom was only 43 and looked 35. She looked like Heather Locklear, she even had the roots in her died blond hair. Mom was 5'6" thin, C almost D cup breast with a tight little ass. She was a MILF. She had my sister when she was only 18, an accident. Of course. Her bikini showed plenty of skin, legs and stomach but her breast, ass and mound were well covered and supported.

My dad jumped onto the boat and started rechecking my work. Of course.

My sister, Amanda, Mandy for short, stood in front of my boat in a pair of shorts and halter top. Mandy, my sister, was a dead ringer for Scarlett Johansson, more the Island than Lost in Translation. My sister had pouty lips, 5'6", D cup breast and fine small ass. Mandy was thin but not skinny. My sister even had the deep, scratchy voice like Scarlett Johansson. My sister and Mother were the "impartial" judges of the race. One would travel on each boat. Mandy was engaged to be married to some guy she had met at medical school. Of course my father loved him. I thought he was a dweeb.

I knew this race was a chance for my parents to spend time with us. My sister was getting married and I was seriously involved with Alyssa. Soon we would be gone from our parents daily lives. My father was not a lay on the beach type guy, anyway He needed to be doing something. So this race would be the highlight of the vacation for my dad. Since Mandy was engaged and not looking to hook up, getting sun on a boat was preferable to lying on the beach and possibly being hit on.

I was working on the boat when I looked over at my sister as she pulled her shirt over her head. My sister was wearing the smallest of small bikini tops. The little patch of tan fabric did little to support her D cup breast and barely covered her nipples. My sister's breast were nearly totally on display. Her nipples pressing against the cloth. I looked away embarrassed slightly at seeing my sister in so revealing an outfit. I was shocked my sister had such huge tits. I looked back over a few seconds later when I heard my Mom yell, "Mandy".

My sister had her shorts down over her butt and than quickly yanked them down past her knees. The bikini bottoms were unbelievably small. The bikini barely covered her pussy lips and very little more. I could see her camel toed pussy lips snuggled against her small, tight bottoms. My sister must have shaved off her pubic hair I thought because she was smooth skin above the bikini bottoms. No hair on display even though part of her mound was uncovered. "Mandy!!! What are you wearing?" my mom shouted. My sister turned back towards my Mom. OHH my God, my doctor, priss sister is wearing a thong. All that covered her ass was a thin string running between her cheeks. Nice ass. I looked away trying to not get caught checking out my sister in the most revealing bikini I had every seen.

Mom in her bikini started arguing with my sister in her ultra small thong bikini. What a sight. I thought. My mind immediately went to my girlfriend, Alyssa, and her naked body this morning. The vision of two hot women arguing in bikinis did not turn me on, all it did was remind me of Alyssa and how beautiful she is. To me it was funny seeing my perfect sister and mother heatedly exchange words about the size of my sister's bikini.

"You can't wear that, Mandy. Cover yourself up."

"Mom, no one is here. Except dad and my brother. And they don't care what I wear," not totally true. My dad had stopped prepping his boat and was now staring at my sister and her outfit. I expected him to join in the argument. But my dad continued to stare at my sister. Looking her up and down, the small bikini bottoms, revealing top, and then her ass when she turned away from his boat. Was my dad checking my sister out? Leering at his own daughter.

"That swim suit is not appropriate to wear even around your own dad. Specially your brother," My mom demanded.

"Mom, I'm on vacation. I'm going out on a boat where no one will see me. I want to get as much of a tan as possible before I go back to the cold. I want a tan for my wedding. Gavin doesn't care what I'm wearing. He is going to be too busy trying to beat dad and thinking about Alyssa," my sister rationalized. "I've worn bikinis like this on Spring break in Florida."

"What" my mom said shocked. My mom looked over at my father who quickly looked away from my sister's ass. "Will you tell your daughter to put her clothes back on."

My dad simply said, "Mandy is an adult. She's a doctor now. If she wants to expose herself to leering young men and the harmful rays of the sun that's her choice. Let's go."

My sister climbed aboard the front of the boat. My mom stared at my sister's ass for a second. Shook her head and then boarded my father's vessel. Discussion over.

I shouted to my dad, "What's the weather forecast, still good right?"

"Perfect conditions, good breeze this afternoon. Good luck. Your going to need it," my father answered.

The wind conditions in the South Pacific were very light. The boat was moving smoothly across the surface of the water. My father close to my right. My sister was stretched out on her back on a towel in the front of the craft. Mandy shouted out to me. "Gavin tell me if you have to come forward."

"Alright" I answered, what the hell is my sister doing up there I thought for second but my concentration immediately went back to the race.

A few minutes later I checked the position of my dad's sail boat and was shocked to see how close he was. What is he doing? He's going to ram into our boat. My Mom was below deck. I turned and looked for my dad at the wheel. My father was staring back at the front of my ship and drifting closer. What does he see? Is something wrong with the sails?

Thinking there is a problem at the front of the boat I quickly moved forward checking all the sail and gear. I could see my sister's back and her hands moving over her front rubbing sun tan lotion on her chest. I continued moving forward looking over the boat. My sister, Mandy, a few seconds later laid back down on her towel. I gazed over at my sister. She was topless. Her huge breast and stiff nipples sticking out like pencil erasers baking in the sun. Nice tits sis, I thought. Distracted for a second, I recommenced inspecting the craft. When I moved past my sister, Mandy, jutted up right covering her breast with her hands.

"I told you to tell me when you needed to come forward.," my sister shouted at me.

"I'm sorry," I stuttered. Still stunned at seeing my sister 99% naked. My sister holding her breast carefully turned over onto her stomach. As she turned over I caught another glimpse of her boobs and nipples when she released her hands to balance herself and then flatten her body to the towel and deck.

"What are you doing by the way?"

"Checking the rigging," I was now staring at my sister's legs, back and ass. Only a thin string covering her crack.

"Sure."

Annoyed I replied, "Mom is right that bikini looks ridiculous. Why don't you just walk around nude. It wouldn't be much different."

"I would if I wasn't on a boat with my little brother. I'd be getting a better all over tan. I should have went on the dad's boat. He's a doctor. He's used to nudity." Mandy continued, "Gavin, I'm a doctor now. I see nude people everyday. It's not that big a deal."

"Whatever, put some clothes on."

My sister didn't move she had no intention of covering herself up. She wanted sun. My inspection of the boat was complete. Everything was fine. I looked over at my father's boat. He was still slightly ahead but moving farther away. Then he glanced back at my boat again. Was he checking out his daughter, Mandy. Did he drift closer to my boat in order to see her tits better. Was he checking out her ass now?

Then my mom came back on deck of my dad's boat and the ships started drifting further apart. My father was caught in my sails now as he was losing some speed by having to maneuver away from my boat. I was pulling ahead. I had my father now. Maybe my sister should prance around nude, it seemed to distract my doctor father. My dad might see nudity everyday at work but those naked bodies didn't look like his own daughter's.

Hours later

The wind was whipping like crazy and seas were getting incredible rough. My sister walked back towards me now wearing top of her thong bikini. "My towel, shorts and shirt fell overboard. We have to go back for them"

"Are you insane, this is a race. I'm having enough trouble handling the boat in this wind. There is now way I can turn it even if I wanted to and I don't. I need your help."

"I need it when we get off," my sister responded. Oh so you don't want to prance back to the hotel with your tits and ass hanging out.

"You can wrap yourself in a towel from Mom. There is nothing I can do."

We battled the seas for hours, my sister knew how to sail after years of being forced onto boat trips with the family. She helped saved our lives. I had no idea where we were. Rain was whipping down on us and I had lost sight of my father's sail boat hours ago. Water washed over us.

I shouted to my sister who was shivering in her now unimportant bikini, "We have to button up the ship and go below. Try to ride out the storm that way. Help me take down the sails. Our attempt to take down the sails failed miserably. I should have done it earlier. The sails were swept over board, the mast crashing down on the ship and then falling over. My sister and I scurried below. I wasn't sure what to do. I always tried to avoid bad weather when sailing. My fucking father!!!!! You're a fucking surgeon and you can't get a damn weather forecast right.

The storm lasted several days. We drifted along rolling in seas. My sister was violently ill from sea sickness. I wasn't far behind. You can't imagine being stuck in a ship pitching and rolling in the waves like that. My sister cursed my father and me out. My mother was called a bitch. Even her boyfriend was abused for not going on this trip with her. "Don't you want to spend your vacation fucking Alyssa, not proving you've got a bigger dick than dad."

I didn't say a word. I took the abuse. It was my fault. I should have checked the weather myself. My sister had trusted me to get her back safely and I had failed. In this weather I realized that no search would be launched. We were on our own. We aren't in the U.S. The resort island doesn't have the resources to search for us. If they even know we're missing. Mom and dad are probably in the same shape us. Or dead. As long as we don't hit something we'll be okay. I kept thinking that over and over again.

Suddenly we crashed. The boat lurched to a sudden stop. Water was pouring into the sail boat. I grabbed my sister and opened the door Rain was teeming down on us but I thought I saw an island about 500 yards away. A fleeting vision. There it is again. The surf is right. We might be able to make it. We're probably dead.

"We have no choice" I shouted to Mandy, my sister, "We have to swim for that island."

"I don't seeing anything out there."

"Trust me it's there, we can make it."

I pulled my sister overboard with me. I was a very good swimmer. I life guarded on the beach when I was eighteen. Not as much fun as I thought it would be so I never went back to it. I swam furiously I looked back for my sister she was dragging behind. Weak from illness, she couldn't make it on her own. I tried to hold my position and then grabbed her.

"Gavin, I'm finished."

"Don't give up." I wrapped my hand around her body just below her chest and pulled her with me. It felt like I was swimming forever. Finally, I felt sand on my feet and then collapsed.

Day One

I woke up with the right side of my face in the sand. My sister was laying next to me on her belly passed out from exhaustion. Her head was pointed towards me with the left side of her face buried in the sand. I slowly pulled myself up. I wiped the dried sand off my face and then off my chest and stomach. I looked at my sister. Her thong covered ass. The straps of her bikini. Her chest moving slightly. She was still alive. I called out to her, "Mandy, Mandy." My sister didn't stir. Louder. "Amanda, Amanda". I took my right hand and slapped her ass. Right across her naked butt cheeks. The first time I had ever touched my sister's ass. Finally she began to move. Thank God.

My sister pulled herself up. Sand sticking to her face. Her lips. Her brow. Her chest. Her stomach, abs, legs, thighs, everywhere. I noticed her bikini top had pulled over in the struggle against the water freeing one of her nipples which was now covered by sand. I looked away checking out the surroundings. The beach was beautiful. About 200 hundreds long and 50 feet deep. High grass and tropical forest.

My sister was brushing the sand off her face and then her arms. Finally realizing her right tit was exposed she took her breast in her hand and brushed the sand off her boob and nipple. My sister pulled over the small patch of fabric and repositioned it covering her nipple. She looked up at me and I averted my eyes. What a trip? I nearly die, crash the boat, swim to shore and see my sister's tits, twice. What bizarre thing can happen next?

"I can't believe were still alive?" my sister stated quietly. Mandy looked back up at me, "You saved my life little brother. I thought I was a goner."

"It's my fault were in this position," I answered.

"It's not your fault. Storms can come up suddenly in this area of the world. I'm sorry I said that. You were so brave. I panicked," my sister told.

"Panicked, I was shaking in my boots. Are you alright."

"I'm okay. I just need to wash off this sand." I looked out at water and I could see our boat, at least part of it up against the rocks. I had water in my bag. We needed that water. It might be a couple of days before we were rescued.

"Do you have any idea where we are?"

"Not a clue," I answered. "We could be in Fiji, Tahiti, some small uncharted island, or Hawaii for all I know," I said wondering as I looked out at the wrecked boat. I looked at my sister as she brushed off sand from her thighs and then abs right above her bikini covered pussy. 

"The pacific Ocean is huge and I have no idea at what speed we were traveling at or what direction. The good news is that a rescue team should be able to figure out what happened to us. Where the wind and current took us. The bad news it's a big ass ocean and probably other people are missing. So it might take some time for them to find us. It's up to us to survive until than."

"Do you think Mom and Dad are alright," my sister asked. I let the question linger in the air for second. Not sure how to answer it.

"To be honest I have no idea. Dad could have headed back before us. That might be why we lost sight off their boat. They could have pulled down their sail earlier and just waited out the storm without crashing into a rock. Or they could be dead. Dad's a better, more experienced sailor than me so I think they are alright. But that's only a guess. People know we're missing. So they will be looking for the both of us. The search will start quickly. That's good. Okay."

"I think they made it," my sister said to herself. "They'll bring a rescue crew. I know mom and dad. They won't give up on us. They're survivors."

I laughed, "Dad's too mean to die. So the only thing you have to worry about is the horny sailors staring at you in that bikini."

We both laughed out of fear. My sister said, "Let's hope so. I'll run around naked for them if that's what it takes."

I said to my sister, "Rest here. I need to swim out to the boat. Get my backpack, it has water and some food. Not much of either but enough to last us a few days."

"Don't go. I'm scared Gavin," my sister pleaded, "Plus your exhausted."

"There has to be fresh water on this island considering the vegetation but it might take time to find it. We need that water on the boat. It's low tide. I should be able to walk most of the way to the boat."

I was able to swim to the boat and find my backpack. It was sealed shut. The water was still there. Most of the front end of the boat was decimated beyond repair. The back end was fine. The American flag still waved off the end of the boat. It would be impossible to fix. But I could possibly put together a small raft from the rest of the boat. Maybe even get the remaining part of the boat back to shore. It could be used for shelter.

When I reached shore my sister had cleaned the sand off her body. We opened the backpack and surveyed it's contents. Four bottles of water. Four bag of chips. 38 condoms. My sister laughed, "Poor Alyssa she's missing you bad right now. I bet you wish she was here rather than me." I guess I won't be needing them on an island with my sister I thought. But maybe they could be used to carry something. A knife. A razor with shaving cream. Tooth brush and tooth paste. Two bars of soap. A large bottle of sun block spf 45. I had used this bag to carry my toiletries in and had forgotten to take them out.

"Mandy, we have a ton of work to do. Make a fire, write out SOS in the sand. Anything we can think of to draw attention," I stated.

We set out to work.

Day 8

My sister and I had done a little exploring but overall had stayed close to the beach. I had found a waterfall a little ways in to the "Jungle". My sister, the doctor pronounced the water drinkable after carefully looking it over and the small animals sipping it. We slept on the beach. Keeping our fire going and scanning the Ocean and sky for rescue. But nothing.

Day 15

"Do you think they're still searching for us, Gavin," my sister hesitantly asked me.

"Possibly, the storm might have damaged the islands, delaying the search for lost vessels."

"Do you really think that," my sister answered.

"No, after two weeks they would have given up hope," I said hesitantly not sure of the impact the truth would have on my sister.

"Mom and Dad must be dead. They would never let them stopping searching for us," a tear fell across my sister's cheek. I didn't know what to say.

After a couple of moments I responded, "I say we give ourselves today to come to terms with it. Being stuck on this island. Maybe a miracle will happen. But after today we start preparing to be here a long time. I have no doubt that someday, someone will wander across this island and decide to stop to take a look around. It's a nice island. We need to thoroughly explore the Island. There could be a small population already on it. Climb that hill and see what's here. I think we can get the boat on shore. What's left of it. It'll give us shelter. And wood to build a raft."

"A raft. A way out of here."

"Possibly, part of a sail is tangled up on the deck. We can rig it with a beam to form a mast." My sister looked at me hopefully which made me hate to say the next part, "It's not a solution. We don't know which direction to go. A couple of good waves and we're done. I say give it 6 months unless one of us gets sick. I can't believe an island this nice no one visits. This is the modern world. We need to keep the fire going and make the sign bigger. So a plane or even a satellite looking down might be able to read it. We can survive until then."

My sister looked at me, "I miss the modern world. Toilets, food, microwave ovens, take out, medicine."

"I know. I miss Alyssa bad" I hugged my sister and ran my hands along her back.

"First thing tomorrow we strip the boat of anything even remotely useful," I whispered.

Day 16

In the morning with the tide out, my sister walked and then swam out to the boat with me. My sister's bikini had started to look dirty and her pubic hair had started to regrow. She had light brown hairs right above her bikini bottoms. "Is your bathing suit growing or is that something else.

My sister slapped me, "My pubes are growing out. I shaved the morning we left. I usually shave them. I like to be hair free. I didn't think I would be crashed on a deserted island for weeks and my brother would be able to see my pubic hair."

"Admit it."

"What?"

"Mom was right about the bikini," I laughed.

"I love Mom and miss her bad. But I would still wear this bikini. Even if I knew my brother would be able to see my pubes just to piss her off. I'm a doctor and she's telling me what to wear."

We made trip after trip. Taking out the small beds, the couch, a wet towel, lounge chair, untangling part of the sail, several pots and pans, liquid soap, a couple of rolls of toilet paper. silverware, a couple of sharp knives, one almost like a machete even the American flag off the back end of the boat. Most importantly a small tool box and medicine kit. Nothing was sacred we ripped boards off the wall. I gathered as much rope as I could. If I can get the boat off the rocks I think I can get it to shore.

At the end of the day I was inventorying our supplies when my sister tapped me on the shoulder. I turned around and my sister was completely nude. Her huge tits jutting out towards me, nipples poking out and pussy lips on full display. She must have used my razor to shave her pussy. I had been using my knife to shave myself each morning. With water only. No shaving cream or soap. "Take it off little brother, doctor's orders."

"What?"

My sister answered proudly, "Take off your swim trunks. I'm washing the clothes. We've been in them for almost 19 days. They stink, we stink. I found a rock I read somewhere that island people use as soap. It works great. Get naked little brother." Words I never thought I'd hear my big sister say to me. "Come on don't be shy. I'm a doctor. I've seen one before."

I peeled off my swim trunks, reluctantly. I didn't feel comfortable with my sister seeing me naked. As I pulled them off I couldn't help but stare at my sister's pussy. As I lowered my head to drag the swim wear off I had a perfect view of her pussy. I quickly handed my shorts over and looked away from my sister.

"Don't worry little brother you'll get them back in a little while. Then she added, "Very nice, not so little brother." She raised her eyes back to me and the she started to walk away. Suddenly she stopped. She walked over to the pile off supplies. She bent down. Giving me another angle of her pussy that had been hidden by her thong for weeks. My sister picked up the American flag and towel, "Can I have this."

"The towel were going to need to dry ourselves off with, swimming, bathing." I gestured to the water. "But I have no use for flag. What are you feeling patriotic?"

"No, silly, I think I might be able to make outfits for us with the material. I tried using leaves. Itchy and they don't stay together easily," my sister answered.

"Go ahead," clothes might be a good idea I thought as I turned away from my sister. My sister walked away and I turned and watched her ass sway until she was out of view. I reached down and touched my cock for a second. I'm hard. I just got an erection for my sister. I let go of my dick. I was horrified. Thank God she hadn't seen it. I would be so embarrassed. She's a doctor she knows it's an involuntary reaction. But there is a mental reason why, you were turned on by seeing your own sister's pussy and tits. Looking at those huge tits with those big gorgeous nipples. So succulent. Stop I told myself. I scurried off to the water to calm myself down before my sister came back. I realized as the water touched my body that's the first erection I have gotten since we crashed on this island. Since the day we left. Since I had fucked my girlfriend, Alyssa. God I miss her.

I walked back to the area of the beach where my sister and I were camped out. As I came out of the trees I saw my sister pulling on a red, white and blue bikini bottom matching her new top. I watched her slide the bikini bottoms up her legs and then thighs. Finally my sister wrangled the bikini over her ass cheeks and covering those luscious naked pussy lips. MMM, I shouldn't be thinking that. Her new bikini top covered more of my sisters tits giving her more support but was so thin I could make out her nipples beneath. I stared at my sister for a second checking out her ample cleavage still left uncovered.

"Gavin," my sister looked up at me. "What do you think of my knew bikini," my sister modeled the front of her suit for me a second and then turned whipping the back of the suit up in the air. From behind the patriotic bikini bottoms were a thong with a little material stretching out from the middle to partly cover my sister's ass but flying up in the air as she moved. "I ran out of material. Most of the material went to the bra, top."

"Looks good," I stammered quickly recovering, "You sow fast."

"I'm a doctor, going to be a surgeon. I've been practicing stitching for a while. It's easy when you don't have to worry about leaving a scar. I'm just glad the medicine kit had a needle and thread." My sister reached down to grab another piece of the former USA flag once again showing me her thong covered ass, "I made you swim trunks," my sister started laughing, "more like a patriotic loin cloth from Tarzan. Try it on." My sister looked down at my cock. "We don't want you to get sunburned down there. It'd hurt."

I grabbed the suit from my sister as I felt my cock stirring, "Thanxs," I quickly pulled the trunks on.

"How do they fit," my sister asked as she walked over pulling at my suit to check the size as my cock continued to grow. "It's fine," I answered trying to move away from her. My sister pinched my ass, "it looks good on you little brother. I may have to start my own fashion line."

I walked over to the fire to throw some dry wood on the blaze to keep it going throughout the night. My sister inspected the two soft mattress we had carried to shore from the boat. My intelligent sister pronounced, "The mattresses are dry, no mold so they should be safe to sleep on. I feel much more human today then yesterday," my sister paused for a second as she laid down. "As you could probably tell this afternoon I borrowed your razor. For shaving under my arms, and my ahh, not my legs they're fine but my ahh, you know, pussy. Shaving makes me feel more like a girl, woman. It's my routine back home. It made me feel so much better. Normal. You've been using your knife to shave every day so I figured you didn't need the razor," my sister stated trying to justify using my razor.

"No problem, you can keep it," all I could think of that's the first time I have ever heard my sister say pussy. My sister talking to me, her brother, about shaving her pussy and her brother seeing her shaved pussy.

"Thanks little brother, I figured you wouldn't want it back considering where the razors been," my sister giggled. God how I would like to lick that razor my sister used to cut her pubic hair. I jumped down on the other mattress. I'm going crazy I thought to myself. Island isolation crazy. I shouldn't be thinking about my sister like that, like an object of sexual desire.

The next few weeks flew by as my sister and I began the task of trying to survive long term on the island. Using the tides and rope than levers and trees, we were able to pull the remaining part of the boat onto shore and even off the beach. The wrecked ship had been smashed open in the front and there was a walk way in the back. We moved our possessions into the ship and started sleeping in the comfort and security of having three walls around us. My sister and I explored the island. First we climbed the highest hill on the island. From that perspective we could tell the island was about 2 miles long and about a mile wide. A decent size island. Someone has to visit here I thought. It's too nice. But we saw no signs of human habitation

My sister pointed out to me the different types of plant life and more importantly the eatable from the inedible. Soon we had picked a smorgasbord of fruits and vegetables. The island was populated by some small animals but no large predators. Thankfully.

I set some traps for the birds and made a spear and net for fishing. Also clams were plentiful. I'm not a big sea food person but out of desperation and hunger I was slowly adjusting to this new diet. My sister loved sea food. I prefer steak and French fries. I started work on the raft that I hoped to never use and handled the fishing and hunting. My sister's job was gathering the fruits and vegetables. Once a week we switched tasks or shared duties in order to teach each other how to survive without the other. Just in case.

Only one problem. My sister's body was slowly driving me insane with sick thoughts. Most days when we were busy I never thought about my sister in her thong bikini or patriotic swimsuit. But at times I couldn't help but stare for an extra second. I rationalized it as just being lonely and lusting for my girlfriend, Alyssa. I hadn't had sex or jerked off in over a month. As days passed on the island thoughts about my sister's luscious tits and gorgeous ass came more frequently. From once a every few weeks to once a day. But I continued being the good little brother.

Day 35

The sun was starting to set after a long day of trying to make a floatable craft. I crashed onto my bed and started thinking of home. My sister came in wearing her tan thong bikini and top. I rolled away from her so I wouldn't have to look at her tan legs and protruding breast.

My sister laid down on her back. Not able to deal with my silence she asked, "Thinking of home".

"Always," I answered.

"What do you miss the most," my sister questioned.

"Alyssa,"

"You must miss her bad," my sister added sympathetically.

"I do." Smiling slightly I added, "I especially miss the sex. Alyssa and I would have sex every chance we had. You're engaged to Brian. It must be the same for you two."

My sister was silent. My sister and I didn't have the type of relationship where we talked about our sex lives with each other. Brother and sister sharing sex stories was way to weird for us. But lost on a deserted island for over thirty days and the rules change.

Finally my sister answered, "Brian and I didn't have that type of relationship."

I turned and looked over at my sister, "You didn't have sex with your fiancee."

My sister laughed self consciously, "No we had sex. But not like you and Alyssa." Mandy stopped and then started, "We have busy schedules. Medical school is not easy. We were only together maybe once or twice a week like that."

"I guess that makes sense." I added, not sure if I should, "I know it's supposed to die out but I think I would only want to marry someone who I wanted and wanted me. Constantly."

"Basically someone who wants to fuck three times a day," my sister stated.

"Not necessarily three times a day. But something like that. Sex makes me feel closer to someone. Alyssa is horny girl so we've been very close many times," I contested.

"Truthfully, Brian and I have a lot in common," my sister hesitated, "But I came on this trip thinking about whether we should really get married. It's hard to judge passion until you've felt it. Have something to judge it by."

"Can I give you some advice that sounds weird coming from your brother. Something a brother should never say to his sister," I playfully said to Mandy. Without waiting for her to answer I said, "You're a beautiful, intelligent woman and any guy would been lucky to have you. But you should wait to marry a guy who wants to be inside of you every chance he gets."

My sister laughed, "Ohh, little brother. Your awful."

We both laughed as the mood lightened around us. My sister calmed down asking, "So where is the strangest place you and Alyssa had sex."

"Mmm. When we came on this trip I was hoping to have sex on the beach, literally, but we didn't get a chance to. We never did it in any really strange place." I continued, "On our third date we were at a bar, restaurant type place and I started to feel her up and than slide my hand under her shirt. Before you know it things were getting out of control."

"You had sex in the bar?"

"No, not that good. Alyssa said we should stop but then I slid my hand down her pants and started rubbing her, her pussy through her panties and she came. I was embarrassed. Alyssa started moving uncontrollably and moaning softly. I thought everyone knew what had happened. But no one seemed to be paying attention to us in our booth. Alyssa pulled my hand out of her pants and led us out of the bar. We went to her car and she pushed me onto the seat. Before I knew it she had pulled down my pants and was climbing on top of me. It was the first time we had sex together. First time I had been inside her. It was weird the first couple of dates all I got was a peck on the lips and cheek. We've been together ever since. Alyssa is the first girl I've dated who isn't afraid of her sexuality."

"Your lucky to find someone your so compatible with," my sister said quietly.

"I was lucky," then changing the subject I asked, "So where is the craziest place you've done it, with Brian I guess."

"God, we barely have sex. I can't think of any place."

"Come on there has to be someplace, if not with Brian with someone else," unsaid was I opened up to you I deserve something juicy back from my sister.

"Okay, you have to promise not to tell anyone." I looked around like who the hell am I going to tell. "If we get off the island, jerk." I nodded my head and my sister continued, "One night late at night at the hospital Brian and I had sex in the on call room."

"Cool" I said.

"That's not it. If you know hospitals people fuck all the time in the on call room, sometimes even storage closets." I loved hearing my sister say fuck. My cock was hard as a rock. The light from the fire and dying sun made me visible. So I had to resist touching myself as my sister told her story.

"Brian is so conservative. Always worried what people might think. I had to talk him into having sex that night in the on call room. I shouldn't tell you this but my favorite position is from behind. Brian had his clothes on. His pants were pulled down. I was on the floor naked except for my bra. It was unstrapped in the front so my tits were bouncing about uncovered but with the bra on my shoulders." My sister looked over to me for a second than her eyes went to the ceiling.

"On my hands. Butt in the air as my fiancée is pumping into me from behind. All of a sudden the door to the on call room opens and this male nurse walks in. I barely knew the guy. He's about forty, married wife and kids." I was breathless as she continued her story. "This guy who I barely know is seeing me get fucked from behind. Hearing me moan. This nurse who most days I am ordering around all day. Telling him what to do. Is seeing me, seeing me at my most intimate, most vulnerable. Instantly I started cumming. Cumming like I have never before or since. And I say in front of this guy, you know... I'm cumming, your making me cum. And Brian... cums inside me. I was on the pill," my sister added. "This guy, nurse, has seen me cum, he knows He just saw me cum. By what I said. He saw me, a bossy female doctor get fucked and cum. I 've only had sex with three people. I only came with two of them. Brian and this other married guy. This male nurse, a guy I barely knows name has seen my cum face. He's the third person to see my cum face."

"What did he say? What happened?" I so much wanted to jerk off to her story.

"The guy mumbled he was sorry and that there was an mva victim coming into the er. He was only standing in the door way for a few seconds. Brian was terrified he pulled his cock out of me so fast and buckled up his pants in seconds." My sister laughed, "He would never have sex in the on call room again. I couldn't stop thinking about it for weeks. When I was home I would you know, play with myself thinking about it. It was such a turn on. I'm always so in control and so in charge of everything. And this nurse I work with everyday for months saw me like that, getting fucked, cumming. Every time we worked together for next few weeks I would go home and masturbate. Some times I would finger myself in the on call room. More discreetly though."

"Did you ever get together with the guy, the nurse. Did he tell everyone?" I questioned.

"No, he was married, okay looking. But he wasn't the fantasy. It was only him seeing me like that. I think he was so embarrassed he didn't tell anyone. Any way like I said people having sex in the hospital is not that unusual. People die, scandals change every day. Am I weird being turned on by that?" My sister didn't wait for my answer and she walked out to the fire throwing on another log. My sister stood outside watching the ocean and the inevitable waves hit the shore.

A few minutes later I drifted off to sleep. I woke startled at my dream. Instead of Brian, my sister's boyfriend, I was the one fucking my sister from behind when the door opened. I was shaken by the dream and my sister's story. My sister is a dirty girl. Cumming from a guy watching her get fucked. Is this who my sister really is? Her secret side. Why did she tell me that story? That's all I can think about.

Finally I came to a decision. If I have to be stuck on deserted island in the south pacific without decent food, television, cell phone, radio, air conditioning and my girlfriend, than I am going to fuck my sister. 35 days of bad food, sun and lack of sex had rotted my brain. I am one sick bastard I thought. My mission is to get inside my sister. She's been teasing me for a month walking around in her thong bikinis and in the nude. Showing me her shaved pussy and large tits with those huge nipples. I have to fuck her.

The next morning I got up early in the morning and headed off to work on the raft. My sister was still sleeping so I knew I would be left alone for a few hours. I couldn't stop thinking about my sister getting fucked from behind by her boyfriend. Getting caught having sex by a guy she worked with. Masturbating. Finger fucking herself thinking about getting caught. Before I knew my sister must be having sex. But now I could picture my sister having sex as she described the act last night.

I pulled my swim trunks down to my ankles and grasped my hard cock. It had been so long since I had cum. I couldn't even remember the feeling. I started slowly rubbing myself up and down the shaft hearing my sister's voice describing herself cumming. Remembering my dream from last night. Fucking her from behind. Finally in my mind, touching my sister's tits, sucking on those huge nipples. Eating her naked pussy. Entering her. Sliding through her wet pussy lips feeling her insides surrounding my cock. My hand pumping up and down as I pretended to stroke my sister's pussy. Pushing deep into her vagina again and again and again.....

I heard the bushes move behind me so I turned toward the noise. Suddenly my sister was standing in front of me in her tan thong bikini. Her nipples and pussy covered only by a small patch of fabric. My sister simply looked at me. Her eyes registering surprise. I think she expected me to stop. But my hand continued pumping my cock. My hand almost a blur going up and down as I stared at my sister. I could see her hard nipples thrusting out towards me from her d cup breast. My eyes lowered to her treasure, I stared at her mound, camel toed in her too small bikini bottoms. Remembering seeing her naked pussy and tits.

Finally, no more then 5 seconds later, my sister mumbled, "I'm sorry. I was just checking..." and then turned to walk away from her masturbating brother. Showing me her beautiful ass. Only a thin string separating her cheeks. Then seconds later, I was cumming, spraying my sperm on the bushes as I watched my sister move through the "jungle". My cum covering the area a few feet away, where my sister had just been standing. My sister's tight little ass still in view as I softly said, "Mandy, Mandy. I want you. I want you so bad." Then she disappeared in the brush.

The first few minutes after I came was ecstasy. It had been so long and the endorphins hit me hard. As the high ended, the reality smacked me in the face. My sister had caught me masturbating. Mandy had seen me stroking my cock. Her story of being caught flooded back to me. I wonder if my sister was turned on by catching her brother pump his cock. I was embarrassed. How could I face her. I wandered around the rest of the day. Afraid to face my sister.

Finally I returned to the ship. My sister had changed into her patriotic bikini and was eating dinner. I walked in and said only "Hi'. My sister ignoring the obvious offered me a plate of fruit and clams. We silently chewed our meal and didn't speak throughout dinner. Like the idiot that I am I brought up the subject. "I'm sorry that you saw.."

"Forget it, it's not a big deal. I'm a doctor. It's normal. Let's just not talk about," my sister put the subject to rest. I wondered if my sister suspected her brother's masturbation session had been inspired by her story from last night.

Day 48

The next two weeks my sister and I pretended that everything was normal between us. At least I was pretending. Embarrassed by what had happened, I threw myself into my work of catching food and the raft project. My fantasies about my sister stopped for about 10 days as the awkward reality of being caught by her jerking off crushed any naughty dreams. Slowly my fantasy started to reemerge as I dreamed about her bathing in the ocean.

I tied the final rope and euphoria rushed through my body. I had finished the raft. I had no idea if the makeshift craft would float but I was done. A month's worth of effort might give us a chance of being rescued. Or drowned at sea. I walked back to our area of the beach to give my sister the good news. My sister hadn't been down to see the progress on the raft for the last few weeks. I guess she was afraid of what I might be doing at the site. Can you blame her?

I passed through the jungle onto the beach. A few yards ahead my sister was relaxing on the towel basking in the sun, nude. My sister heard me trapping through the sand. Startled, she lifted herself up to look. My sister's hands self consciously moved to cover up her breast. Her hand wrapped around, cupping her tits. It's funny how society in grains certain reactions into a people. My sister let go of her of her boobs and laid back down on the towel.

"I fell a sleep. I was dreaming about home. When I woke I thought I was on a beach in Florida during spring break," my sister said sleepily. "I didn't think you would be back so soon." I stared down at my sister's neatly shaved pussy and areolas mounted with those huge nipples. I wanted to dive on top of her and start eating her pussy. My sister opened her eyes gazing up at me. Immediately, I brought my stare back up to her face but reluctant to leave my sister's other lips. My sister rolled over onto her back and pressed her legs together. I was sure she did this so her bad little brother wouldn't be able to stare at her pussy and tits.

"Would you mind putting some sun block on my back. I've been getting a little burnt back there lately," my sister requested. She had asked me to do this several times during the course of our stay on the island. But never while nude before.

"Sure", I sat down on the sand next to my sister and picked up the bottle of sun block 45. "I can see you've been working hard. Is this what you do while I'm gone."

My sister turned her head toward me and said defensively. "I work hard. Everything I need to do get's done. But lately I've been able to get things done quicker. I know where the food, plants are. I don't get lost."

"I was only kidding." I poured the lotion onto my hands. "I'd have starved to death or gone insane a long time ago if it wasn't for you." I started rubbing my my sister's back spreading the sun tan lotion over her once white now golden skin.

My sister pulled her arms over her head, "I wouldn't have even made it to the island if you didn't save me little brother."

It felt so good to touch another human being. Specially a beautiful woman even if it was my sister. I wasn't trying to spread the lotion evenly. I was trying to give my sister a steady sensual massage. My sister and I had barely touched during our 48 days on the island. This was most physical contact I had experienced with another human being in over a month. I was enjoying every second of it.

I rubbed my sister's back, my hands glided over her spine and lingered on her lower back right above her buttock. I was sitting at her side and could see her breast pushed into the towel. My hands had been kneading her flesh for several minutes, much longer than necessary. My sister laid there with her eyes closed in silence.

I poured some more lotion on my hands and decided to distract my sister. "I finished the raft," I told my sister. My hands rubbing her sides right above her breast. My sister opened her eyes, and turned her head towards me. "Do you think it will float," my sister inquired. With my sister distracted with more important matters like us escaping the island, I lowered my hands rubbing the sun tan lotion on the sides of my sister's breast. Although I was only able to fondle the sides of my sister's tits which were not pressed underneath her, it was intoxicating. My sister's tits had taunted me for over a month and half. Now I was finally able to feel that soft silky skinny as my fingers slithered over her boobs. Nothing had ever felt as sexual, looked so enticing as seeing my fingers gliding over the sides of her two gigantic pillows of forbidden flesh.

I answered her question completely distracted by my sense of touch but wanting to keep her even more distracted with hope. "I think it will float. I have been over every inch of the, raft, vessel, I see no reason why it won't. Will it stay upright in rough seas is another matter." How I want to touch every inch of your body, sis.

My sister moved her head as she seemed to realize my hands were molesting her tits. I moved my hands off her breast and picked up the bottle again squeezing out the fluid. "You've done a great job. It gives us chance if nothing happens. You have to show me the raft, all the work you've done."

I lowered my hands to her spine right above her butt and then slid my hands onto my sister's ass for the first time. I had slapped her butt before but never really felt, touched, massaged it. My sister's body stiffened. Shocked that her brother was spreading sun tan lotion over her ass cheeks. "I don't want your buns getting burned."

My hands running over my sister's tight, small, firm butt. How I never wanted to stop touching her. I lowered my hands off my sister's ass onto the back off her upper thighs. Feeling her muscles and strength, yet yielding womanly flesh. Than I moved my hands back up to her cheeks and squeezed each cheek of my sister's ass. My sister moved her head. I could tell she was annoyed. If I knew my sister at all she was about to say what the hell are you doing. "I think my butt has enough sun block now." I squeezed my sister's ass for a second time quickly then let go. Resting my hands at the small of her back.

I was planning on stopping. I had already gone way to far. I couldn't stop. I had to touch her. "How long can we survive at sea, if we don't get capsized."

My sister thought seriously for a few seconds "With enough food and water and shade we can survive quite a while." As my sister was talking I moved my fingers to the crack of her ass cheeks. Just touching her with the tips of my fingers gliding between her cheeks. I lowered my hand, my greedy brother fingers past her ass cheeks in between her legs. My sister's legs were close together so I had to slip my fingers through the tight gap. My fingers danced over her anus. I was tempted to try to slip a finger into her hole but I kept going. I couldn't believe I had just touched my sister's asshole.

My fingers slithered over her taint finally reaching her shaved clean off hair pussy lips. I could feel a slight wetness, dew on her lips. I wasn't sure if the moisture was from sweat or excitement. At this point I didn't care I was touching my sister at last. I was touching my sister's pussy. The pussy that had been teasing me for weeks. I moved my fingers forward searching for her clit buried against the towel. My sister continued talking for a second, "I think we would be okay for at least ahhh, ahh" my sister was closing her legs tighter, trapping my fingers. My fingers began rubbing her pussy, cupping it for a second. I manipulated my fingers to her opening and pressed two of my fingers forwards. My sister was wet. My fingers slipped past her lips edging into her vagina. "Ahh stop,ooh stop."

My sister was now picking herself up and reaching back behind her grabbing my arm. I pushed my fingers into her pussy reaching my second knuckle as her skin wrapped around my digits. Suddenly my arm was being pulled up and my fingers yanked out of my sister's vagina. Breathless my sister said, "I don't need sun tan lotion there." My eyes which had been staring at my sister ass, watching the march of my fingers towards their goal, my sister's pussy, were now staring at my sister's succulent tits. My sister pushed my hand away and stood up. Looking up I could see my sister's wetness, her dewy, engorged pussy lips. My sister grabbed the towel and quickly wrapped it around herself. Shielding her body from her perverted little brother. Without saying another word my sister moved off towards the ship. No doubt to hide herself from me and to dress herself. In her too small, tantalizing bikini.

As the adrenaline drained from my body I was horrified by what I had done. My sister hates me. I'm stuck on an island and the one other person on the island now wants to kill me. What have I done? I fingered my sister's pussy that's what I did. Sickened with myself I brought my two fingers to my lips. In haling my sister's fragrance and then licking and sucking my fingers. Tasting my sister's pussy. I am a pervert I thought. My lust has ruined everything we've built.

I mentally prepared myself for a huge fight with my sister. I knew that the confrontation was coming about me touching her pussy on the beach. Repercussions were inevitable. I wasn't sure if it would happen tonight, tomorrow or a week from now. But I was certain eventually she would unleash her anger on me. I thought she might have moved out of the ship or thrown my stuff into the ocean. Would she give me the silent treatment, for days? Or would she yell at me immediately? That was the only question running through my mind. I prepared my defense. I hoped she would be calm enough to listen rationally to my arguments.

I entered the ship and my sister was sitting at our little table waiting for me. I knew the argument was about to start.

"You shouldn't have done that! You shouldn't have touched me there!!" my sister said strongly but retaining her calm.

I had carefully prepared the answer to this statement in my head as both apologetic while also pushing the issue. I said softly trying to sound as if I knew I was wrong, "You're right. I shouldn't have done that, sis. I shouldn't touch you like that unless you want me to."

"Want you to," my words had wound her up as my sister raised her voice, "Unless I want you to, I, your sister want my brother to touch me. To put his fingers in my pussy." I stood quietly letting her rant. "I'm not into incest. Sorry to disappoint you little brother. I'm a doctor for God sake. Incest is illegal. Morally wrong. Disgusting. Don't ever touch me again!!!"

My sister vented at me and I took the attack. I deserved it. But I had my counter attack planned. "Can I speak?"

"I don't think I want to hear anything you have to say. My brother is a fucking pervert!!" my sister shouted at me. Out of breath from anger she stopped speaking.

"You're right. Your talking about society's rules. Government Laws. Church morals. Look around Mandy there is no society, no laws, here. We are stuck alone for God knows how long," I started my rationalization.

"It's wrong. We still have our personal morals that we have been taught," my sister defended.

"That's right, we were taught incest is wrong." I caught my breath as the stress of the situation and confrontation crashed down on me. "When you are living in country with thousands of options for potential partners incest may be wrong. Hurts the family dynamic and all that. But look around, there are no other options unless you plan on never having sex again the rest of your life."

"I'd rather die on the raft then sleep with my own brother, it's disgusting," my sister spat.

"If we go on that raft were dead, there is no way we'll be rescued. We have a better chance on the island." I let that sink in for a second. "How do you think the human race was founded. Adam's rib formed Eve. Adam fucked Eve. Adam's and Eve's kids fucked each other. Humans lived in small groups for thousands of years. Siblings having sex together has gone on since the dawn of man. It's not that unusual. Only in the last couple of centuries has their been a real taboo against siblings having sex. Christianity. In the western world only a century and half ago 1st cousins were still getting married in arranged marriages. Incest is not against God. It's not necessarily evil."

My sister looked at me like I was crazy, "The only reason you don't want to go on the raft is because you want to fuck me. You want to fuck your sister. Is that it?" my sister struck, "Your Fucking Crazy. Genetics. Brothers and sisters fucking leads to two headed mongrel babies."

"You're a doctor you know that's not true. If generations up generations of incest went on it would be a problem. No new genetic material. But a brother and sister having sex who's parents were unrelated and their grand parents and on and on. Extremely unlikely there would be a problem." I pleaded, "That's beside the point. I don't want you to have my baby. I just want to have sex with you. I don't care if you're my sister. I'll wear a condom, I'll wear two condoms."

"Ohh, that's it. You just want to have sex. Your horny. Go jerk off again. You don't care who you have sex with. My pussy, your sister's pussy is the only one around so you'll say anything to get into it. Poor Alyssa, where's your fucking loyalty to her."

"I loved Alyssa, but I'm rational. The odds of me seeing her again are practically nil. Over the course of 48 days, I've come to accept it," I told.

"So your willing to stick your cock in anything around," my sister stated. "It just happens to be me, your sister."

"I love you Mandy. Not romantically, yet, but I love you. I think we have shared more than any married couple in the last 48 days. More than they would in a life time together in the "real world". I think we have built this place together. These past 48 days I have relied on you, trusted you, had more fun with each other than any girl friend that I ever had including Alyssa. If we are going to be forced together, like a couple on this God forsaken island. We already share a toothbrush. I think we need to shed the societal norms, laws and "morals" we were brought up with and live fully like a couple. Wouldn't it be nice to have something to look forward to. "

My sister breathed deeply, exasperated with her sick little brother who wanted to get inside her.

"We were brought together for a reason."

"To test our morals," my sister spouted.

"Maybe, I admit I'm not strong enough. I lose. But seeing my beautiful sister walk around in her thong, bikini bottoms barely covering her pussy. Her tits hanging out, her nipples. Strutting around the beach naked. It's driving me crazy with lust. I think if God himself were stuck on this island he would be lusting for you. Your beautiful. My Scarlett Johansson. Watching you walk around is the highlight of my day. The only entertainment I get."

My words had softened her slightly I could tell she didn't know what to say. I continued on, "I'd wear a condom. You could pretend I was Brian. Or who ever you want me to be. You'd be Alyssa. I could be behind you. Mandy you wouldn't even have to see my face. Just fantasize whatever you want. I think we should try it at least once. If it's too weird we don't have to ever do it again. Even if we're rescued no one will ever know. I promise. Swear to God. If I was tortured for days I wouldn't tell anyone. I've never asked anything from you this entire time on the island. All I've done is tried to help us survive. I need you. I need this. To feel human." I sickened myself by practically playing I saved your life card against my sister.

My sister stood up and stared at me, "You don't think I'm effected by being here for 48 days. No human contact. Seeing .. Seeing you, just get out I can't sleep in here with you tonight. Just get the fuck out."

I gathered up my mattress and slept underneath the stars. I thought to myself that went better than I thought it would. At least she didn't hit me.

Day 49

At daybreak I carried my mattress back to the ship. My sister woke up and stared at me as I threw my bed back against the wall. "I told you to leave."

I stared at my sister. I said, "Number one, I'm the one who worked his ass off to get this part of the boat on shore. Number two you have no worries, if you don't want me to touch you I won't. But I'm sleeping in this boat. If you chose to sleep somewhere else that's your business. I need your help to test the raft. Check for leaks. If it floats without leaking, dear sister, your free to use it to get off the island. To get the fuck away from me if that's what you want. But be warned. The odds say you will die before finding help. I'll miss you if you chose to go but you're an adult it's your choice." Without speaking to me the rest of the day my sister helped me to launch the raft. My sister inspected the raft and even though she hated me at this moment I think she was impressed with the amount of work I had done on the craft. The raft took on a little water. Once I figured out the weak points in my design I told her I could have the raft ready to go in a couple of days.

My sister responded simply, "You're the real sailor. If you don't think we can make it on the raft to safety I believe you. We'll wait. The 6 months we agreed. If we haven't got rescued by then I expect you to go with me." My sister eyed me.

"I promise."

Days 50 to 58

My sister knew my position or rather the position I wanted to get her in. Mandy, my sister knew I wanted to fuck her. I think my sister was still struggling with how to deal with me. Over the course of first few days Mandy ignored and avoided me. My sister would say things like, "If you come near me while I sleep, I'll kill you." Mandy's a drama queen but than again she did have reason to be suspicious of her lustful little brother. But my sister is a social creature. After about 5 days of the silent treatment Mandy, my sister, was back to normal.

It helped that I had been on my best behavior for the last 5 days, barely even looking at my sister's smoking body. As payback when my sister asked me to play chess or checkers on our made up game boards I politely said no. I interacted with my sister only on matters regarding our mutual survival on the island. My sister was annoyed at not having a person to talk or play with. My sister said, " Are you going to sulk for ever that I won't have sex with you, my own brother. This isn't Fantasy Island, or rather Incest Island." My sister attempted to start a conversation, "So what do you think is the name of the island. Or should we name it." I ignored her and went for a swim in the Ocean. I like the name Incest Island I thought to myself.

Day 59

When I woke the light was shinning in the porthole of our little broken down boat. I could see that the never ending fire was still burning outside so I didn't have to bother getting up right away. I relaxed on my mattress and checked on my sister sleeping at other end of the room. The inside of the boat was not very large so Mandy was a distance of less than 10 feet away from where I laid.

My sister was wearing her patriotic bikini. The flag wasn't designed to be worn as clothes so it had started to fray at it's edges. My sister's hair was longer than usual with brown roots. Together both elements contributed to give my sister a wild almost animal look. I checked every curve of her body. The tightness of her thong pulling into her groin wedging against her mound. Her breast and nipples practically naked as the material had started to wear away. Natalie Portman is cute but Scarlett Johansson is so much more sexier I thought to myself.

I knew my sister would be pissed but I didn't care. Who was she going to complain too. I couldn't help but stare at her body. My hand mindlessly slipped into my swim trunks and started to rub my cock. After a few strokes I pulled down my swim trunks. I was going to leave them partly on in case my sister started to wake up and I had to put them on in a hurry. Fuck it I said to myself. She's seen me naked. I want her to wake up and see me with an erection. So I pushed my shorts completely off.

I was now in a sitting position with my legs slightly spread staring at my sister as I pushed my cock through my hand. My hip movements forcing my cock through my hand. I wasn't rubbing my cock with my hand but humping my hand. I imagined myself sucking on my sister's tits. Licking her nipples, then sucking on them hard. Seeing them with the help of the sunlight through her clothes.

My eyes went back down to her pussy barely covered with a small piece of fabric. I couldn't quite see through the material but I could see her pussy camel toed against her tight bottoms, panties really. My hand was no longer my hand. My hand wrapped around my cock was now my sister's pussy. I made no attempt to hide the noise or stifle several groans that were escaping from my lips.

"Ohh Mandy," my mouth said. The image in my brain of my sister's body wrapped around mine. "That's it fuck me, Mandy. Fuck your brother."

My sister moved her body, her legs than her arms stretching out. My hand now moving up and down my cock. The obvious sounds of a man jerking off filtered over to my sister's side of the bedroom. "Ahh Mandy, don't stop that feels so good," I softly moaned.

My sister stopped moving and listened for a second hearing my hand glide upon and down my cock over and over again. I was afraid. My mind returning to reality. I literally was afraid of what she might do. I didn't dare speak another word. I was getting so close to cumming that no matter what I couldn't stop. It felt so good. So good to be looking at my sister while touching myself.

My sister, Mandy, hesitantly lifted herself up onto her elbows and sneaked a peak at her bad little brother. Our eyes locked for a second. Without guilt, my eyes moved down over her breast and locked onto her patriotic thong. Staring at her camel toed mound.

"Stop it Gavin, for God sake stop. Don't do that in front of me. It's sick."

I continued to rub myself raw. I looked up at my sister's face as she pleaded for me to stop. I could start to feel my orgasm slowly approach.

"I'm your sister, you can't look at your sister while you do that. Please stop," My sister now sitting up in the bed looking over at me. "Leave the room if you have to do that. Don't do it here. Staring at me."

Finally I said, "Ohh Mandy it feels so good. I can't stop. I can't stop, Sis. My God your so beautiful. I want you so bad."

"Don't say that, don't say my name while your doing that. It's wrong," my sister protested.

"Are you wet sis, Ohh Mandy. Touch yourself. I want to see you touch yourself. This isn't incest. It's okay. Ooo, it feels so good. Touch yourself, I want to know if your wet. Doing this isn't incest. Don't you want to cum," I told my sister.

"This is so wrong. I shouldn't be seeing my brother likes this. Stop please, Gavin. Don't look at me like that"

My eyes piercing my sister's suit," I can't help it. So beautiful."

My sister shyly looked away than moved her eyes back to my cock as my hand flew up and down it. My sister moved her hand to her stomach. Slowly she inched her hand into her bikini bottoms. Her body stiffened as her hand started to touch her pussy and clit.

"Are you wet," I asked.

"So wet," my sister answered quietly. Her hand hidden by her bikini bottoms started to move with increasing speed. "Ohh that feels good. This isn't wrong We're not touching. It's okay." My sister moaned as she stared at my cock. Then gazing into my eyes.

Suddenly, my sister stopped and she pulled her hand out of bikini bottoms. No, No. I thought for certain that her damn morals had kicked in and she was about to walk out of the room.

"Don't stop Mandy. Doesn't it feel good sis."

My sister coyly smiled at me. Mandy, my sister, reached down with both hands to her panties lifting her butt off the bed and pulled her bottoms over her ass. My sister slid her panties down over her luscious thighs and than her feet. My sister started to spread her legs giving my a perfect view of her shaved wet pussy. My sister started rubbing her entire pussy and then moved her hand to her clit. "AHH so wet. I need to cum so bad. Too long."

My sister was naked except for her top. I wanted to see those huge tits. "Mandy, please take your top off. I need to see your gorgeous breast." My sister before being stuck on this island never expected to hear those words from her brother. My sister took her left hand leaving her other hand to play with her engorged lips and untied her top. My sister took her hand out of her pussy long enough to pull her top completely off dropping it on the mattress. "You like, little brother," my sister smiled over at me.

"I love them. God your gorgeous." My sister took her left hand and squeezed her breast. Then pinching her nipple. "So sensitive, right to my pussy." My sister plunged two of her fingers into her vagina. My sister nearly pulled her fingers out of herself, I could see her skin glistening with her pussy juices, and then she rammed her fingers back into herself. My sister was furiously finger fucking herself. It was so beautiful. A sight I never imagined myself ever seeing in my life was now happening only a few feet away from me.

My sister eyes were glazing over as she stared at me for a second and than she tightly shut her eyes. I couldn't hold back anymore, I was staring at my sister's face as she masturbated. It was so beautiful. Her pussy, her tits, her wanton expression. "Ohh Mandy I'm going to cumm," My hand almost invisible it was moving so fast then I stopped. I pointed my cock in the direction of my sister. "Oh, Mandy" my cum was flying in the air landing only a few feet short of where my sister sat on the mattress. My eyes closed as I grimaced in pleasure. When I opened my eyes my sister was working her clit as she watched me with half open eyes.

I breathed in deeply. Enjoying the feeling of my own orgasm. I have to touch her. I need to touch her. I stood up on shaky legs. My sister working her clit. Her pussy juices running down her legs. I took two steps over towards my sister. My sister opened her eyes, "No stay there. Please stay there. No touching." My sister put up her arm symbolizing stop as her other hand draw small circles around her clit. She was getting close. "No brother."

I quickly moved towards my sister and reached down and grabbed her hand. My sister looked up at me and closed her hand around mine. I was now holding hands with my sister as she rubbed her clit. Still holding her hand I sat down on the bed. "No, ahhh no, don't."

I watched close up staring at my sister's pussy and hand between her legs. My sister moved her head. "Gavin". I reached out and placed my hand on my sister's breast for the first time. My sister's breast feeling soft and silky. Cupping her breast and then squeezing her nipple. Then moving my hand to her right breast, squeezing her tit. Her hard nipples poking through my fingers, softly pinching her nipple. My sister moved her hand awkwardly towards my hand feeling her up. Softly she tried to slap my hand away, my sister too distracted with her pleasure button to really protest. "AHHH, no touching, no touching, just watch."

"I've been watching you for two months, teasing me with those luscious tits and huge nipples." I lowered my head, my sister putting her hand in my hair. Grabbing my hair. But not strong enough to pull my head back. I kissed her breast. Licking it, sucking the sides of it and like a vacuum cleaner sucking on my sister's large nipple. My sister was now massaging my head. Her hand running through my hair. I moved my mouth over to her other breast. Suckling on her pink nipple. Kissing her breast and then sucking down hard again on her nipple. "Ohh my God, I'm cumming, right to my pussy, ooohh my nipple goes right to my pussy." My sister stiffening as I continued sucking on her tit. My sister is cumming while her brother, me, is sucking on her tit. God life is good. "sooo long, I need...aahh" My sister's hand squeezing my fingers tightly, nearly breaking my hand.

My sister's hand moved furiously for a second more then stopped. My other hand wrapped around my sister's back as I sucked on her tit sliding down and grabbing the top part of her ass cheek. "Too sensitive, stop please." My sister put her hand to my face and started pushing my face away from her breast. Her fingers still wet from her pussy juices touching my cheek. I pulled my mouth away from her breast. I kissed her softly right above her nipple. My sister's eyes were closed but opened for a second looking glassy as I moved my head away from her boobs.

I squeezed her hand for a second than let go of her fingers and moved my hand to her leg. I started rubbing her leg. My other head moved off the small of her back and butt to my sister's stomach. I massaged her leg, feeling so close to my sister after touching during her orgasm. The orgasm seemed to hit my sister hard. Her eyes remained closed as he seemed lost in her ecstasy. I moved my hand from her stomach down to my sister's pussy. It was amazing to feel her hairless mound and then glide my fingers over her wet pussy. My sister was so wet. My fingers softly stroking my sister's pussy, touching her clit, moaning softly barely audible, "Ahh no, no more, no touching".

My sister's eyes remained closed and she didn't move. My fingers moved off her clit and cupped her pussy. My sister's sex, her genitals are in my hands. Her brother is holding her pussy. I moved my fingers to her vagina and easily pushed two fingers into her wetness. I started kissing my sister's neck, I was now fingering my sister. Again and again my fingers moved deep into my sister's love channel and then back almost to her lips and then plunging back into her hole. Her wetness swallowing my fingers. My sister's eyes still tightly shut. I moved my mouth up to her ear and my other hand started groping my sister's breast. Squeezing her nipples.

I whispered into my sister's ear, "I'm going to fuck you sis. Mandy, I want you so bad. I know your pussy wants me too. I need to feel my cock inside you. Please sis." I picked my weight up off the bed and dropped back down in between my sister's legs.

"No, you're my brother. Gavin. No." My sister eyes were no open and she had come back from her orgasm high. Reality of her little brother about to put his cock in her big sister pussy waking her up.

I pulled my fingers out of my sister's vagina and turned my body on the bed. Facing my sister I reached down and grabbed my cock. Staring at those naked pussy lips of my sister only inches away. My sister placed both her hands on my chest and pushed me away. I nearly fell off the bed. I reached out and grabbed her leg to stabilize. "Noo, please no. that's incest. Incest. That's a line we can't cross."

I stopped and stared at my sister. "We've already gone to far, little brother. You shouldn't have touched me. That's bad enough. You can't put your cock in me. I'm your sister." More blood rushing down to my cock hearing my sister talk about her brother putting his cock in her pussy. My sister reached down and grabbed my cock. Totally shocking me. I let go with my hand as my sister moved her hand up and down my cock for several strokes. My sister let go and stood up on the bed. I could see her cum leaking from pussy. So beautiful seeing your sister's pussy like that I thought. She walked over the bed and with shaky legs dropped down to the floor. My sister reached back and grabbed her bikini. Her eyes looking into mine for a second and then dropping down to eye my cock as she gathered up her swim suit in her hands.

Then my sister turned carrying her patriotic bikini walking out of the ship naked. My sister showing me that small, tight ass of hers as my sister's cum ran down her slim tan legs. I was still kneeling on Mandy's bed. My cock was so hard that I had to jerk off again thinking about what had happened only moments ago. It wasn't imagined this time, but memories. I came to memories of my sister cumming while I sucked on her nipple. Splattering my cum on my sister's bed where she would sleep tonight. I knew I would fuck my sister. Mandy would eventually give in. My sister's defenses are wearing down. I just hoped we didn't get rescued before I got to stick my cock in my sister's pussy. My only chance to fuck my sister is staying on this island, alone. My sister's flesh was a forbidden fruit that I had to taste.

Several hours later while I was eating some fruit my sister had picked, Mandy walked back into the ship. My sister was no longer nude but once again wearing her patriotic bikini. I looked up at her not knowing what to expect. Lust or more hatred.

My sister stared at me for several seconds neither or us speaking. "You shouldn't have touched me like that."

"Sorry," I started to protest but she cut me off.

"I understand why you did touch me. The situation was intense," my sister laughed desperately looking away from me. "I can't say I didn't like it. I came. My brother sucking on my tit made me cum. For the first time since God knows when. I know it's wrong but your right this whole situation is not natural. It's beyond normal laws and morals."

"I can't deny there is an attraction. You seem to like me. Physically. And I can't say little brother watching you walk around shirtless with your 6 pack abs and chest, seeing your dick hasn't effected me as well. Despite my protest. Obviously," my sister in doctor mode analyzing the situation of a brother lusting for his sister.

"I need time to think. Please don't harass me. I have to think about things. Deal with it. I'm not sure if I can do that with you, have sex. Incest. That's a line I've never even thought about crossing before coming here. Having sex with my little brother," my sister shook her head. "Believe me I'm horny, all the time. I almost let you put your cock in me. But it's you, my brother. Who I've always loved. But not like that, sexually. Please give me space." My sister's blue eyes locking eye contact with my identical blue eyes. "Don't make it any weirder. Give me time to think things over."

I said quietly, "Of course." I thought to myself I'll give you "some" time but not too long. Now I know my sister is attracted to me and horny, that's information that a perverted little brother should never have.

Day 66

The temperature outside was unbelievably hot. The hottest day I can remember in my entire life. My sister and I had been getting along well the last week. We started to do things together again, playing chess and checkers. We laughed about stupid things that happened when we were kids and told stories about crazy things we did with our friends. The mutual masturbation session though not discussed was evident in the way we treated each other.

My sister knew I wanted to fuck her. She would catch me staring at her ass, mesmerized by her camel toed pussy or ogling her tits. Mandy would simply shake her head and smile. "My own brother eye fucking me," my sister said once. I think my sister was enjoying being a woman again, being desired. I kept a respectful distance physically. I didn't touch my sister at all other than patting her ass once or twice during the course of the week. "You love this thong don't you. Gentle, my cheeks are a little sun burnt," my sister said playfully.

My sister and I had finished playing a game of chess. My genius sister had barely beaten me with a strong attack from her knight. We were hiding out in the shade sitting at a little table and chairs set we had made. Both of us sweating profusely. My glistening sister wiped sweat out of her eyes and stated, "I would do anything for air conditioning right now. Anything to just forget about the heat."

I was starting to get frustrated waiting for my sister to make up her mind about what to do. We could be rescued any day. I was starting to think my sister was stalling for time, putting me off. I smiled at my sister and said, "I can think of only two things to do to forget about the heat. 1. Go for a swim or 2. I'm not supposed to talk about that with you right now. I guess I'm going for a swim." My sister grinned at me slightly as I walked off towards the beach. I heard my sister say behind me, "That's all you think about little brother."

The water was calm, blue and warm. I thought to myself people would pay thousands of dollars to be left alone on this island for a couple of weeks. Why is there no one here? I had forgotten to take the towel with me I realized as I walked to shore through the small waves. The heat would bake me dry in minutes.

My sister was standing on the beach holding the towel waiting for me, "I brought you the towel," she said.

"Thanxs, seriously you should go in the water, it will cool you off."

"I washed my hair this morning, I don't want to get it wet," my sister's words reminded me that woman are the same no matter where they are. My sister said softly as I dried my body with the towel, "I decide we should do the other thing to beat the heat, little brother."

I looked up at my sister in her tan thong and small bikini top and was stunned speechless.

"Three conditions," my sister demanded, "one if or when we get back to civilization neither of us tells a soul. Not Alyssa, Brian, our parents, god forbid, your best friend, your wife of twenty years, my husband of fifty or my future psychiatrist or your future AA group. No one." I simply nodded.

"Two, back in the real world this is completely forgotten, even between us. Neither of us ever mentions it, hints at, eludes to it, I don't want you eye fucking me or staring at me in a bikini. We go back to normal brother-sister relationship. No way does it every happen again in the real world. Don't even think about. I'm serious, if this ever got out my career, my life would be destroyed. It'd kill me. We have to go back to being a normal brother and sister."

I simply said, "I understand." I didn't know if it was possible to be normal with your sister after you fucked each other but I was willing to agree to anything.

"Three you have to wear a condom. Getting pregnant while stuck on a deserted island with my brother would pretty much tell everyone that we had sex. That I had sex with my own brother." My sister had just said we had sex, her and me.

"You're right. I'll go get a condom."

My sister grabbed my wrist, feeling her touch me while we talked about having sex. My cock was instantly hard. "Not here on the beach, let's go back to the ship. Knowing my luck we'd finally get rescued while I'm letting my brother fuck me. It'd be a little embarrassing especially once they found out we our brother and sister."

My sister and I walked in silence back to the ship. I didn't dare say anything that might risk my sister changing her mind. When we entered the ship I continued on to my bag to grab a condom. My sister sat down on her bed I watched her beautiful ass in that thong as she bent down to get on the mattress. I opened up the wrapper and pulled out the condom, dropping the wrapper in our little trash bin.

My sister reached back and unsnapped her bikini top unleashing her D cup breast. Her nipples huge poking out from the excitement of the moment. I was about to fuck my sister. This can't be happening. This shouldn't be happening. My sister took off her bra and placed it on the floor. My sister reached down and started pulling off her thronged bikini bottoms. My sister lifted her ass allowing her panties to glide over her ass cheeks and then past her pussy onto her thighs. My sister's pussy freshly shaved, bald, her lips dewy with sweat or excitement.

My sister shyly looked up at me for a second and pulled her thong down her legs and off her feet. My sister completely nude, her beautifully tits heaving with excitement, her pussy waiting for my cock. I was mesmerized. My sister looked up at me enjoying the effect her body had on her brother, "Gavin, little brother."

Desire pulsing through my loins, my body on fire, I pulled down my swim trunks and stepped out of them. I placed the condom at the tip of my cock and uncoiled it down the head than the shaft of my dick. I looked at my sister as I slipped the condom on. My sister was watching me as she stroked her pussy softly several times. Once the condom was on I lowered my body to my sister's bed.

My sister, Mandy, turned around positioning herself on her knees and supporting her weight with her hands against the mattress. From behind, I remembered my sister had said that was her favorite sexual position. A Brazilian girl I knew had once called this position "on all fours". It wasn't some random girl I was with now but my sister spread on all fours naked in front of me waiting for my cock. My sister who had teased me growing up, my sister who had helped me with my home work, my sister who I wasn't supposed to ever touch in a sexual way.

I slid closer to my sister on the mattress, my groin, my cock touching my sister's ass, resting against her butt cheeks. My sister turned her head back towards me looking at her naked brother, feeling her brother's cock against her ass, at the gates of her sex. "This is too weird. Being in this position with my brother, I don't know if I can do this." This was my fear, my sister stopping. Please she can't stop now.

I pleaded to my sister, "Relax, relax. I'm Brian you've done this with him many times before. Just relax, concentrate on your hottest fantasy. Believe that's what's happening now." I wasn't sure if anything I said made any sense but my sister turned around she let her head fall close to the mattress. My sister seemed to be trying to distance her head, her mind, from the rest of her body, from her pussy.

I grabbed my cock and placed it between my sister's legs. The head than shaft of my cock slid through my sister's pussy lips. My sister moaned softly, "Ahh". For someone who wasn't sure she wanted to go through with having sex with her brother, my sister's pussy was so wet. My cock was now wet with my sister's pussy juices. I pulled my cock back towards my sister's opening. Holding my cock I placed my dick against her hole. Slowly I slid my cock through my sister's wet pussy lips into her soaked vagina. My sister's vaginal walls surrounding my dick, her brother's cock.

I couldn't believe I was pushing my cock into my doctor, priss sister's pussy. "Ahh ooo god," my sister moaned. I probed my cock in about half way into my sister's pussy. God she was wet. I started to withdraw my cock nearly to her entrance and than I pushed forcefully back into my sister's vagina. On the next stroke my cock was fully submerged in my sister's pussy. "Ohh. " I didn't want to speak or say anything that might stop my sister from fucking me so the next words just escaped my lips. "My god your pussy feels good, sis."

I moved my hands to my sister's hips and started to fuck her slowly. My sister's head was still hung low close to the mattress. My sister softly moaned, MMMmmmmm," almost continuously as I fucked her. After a couple of minutes of slow fucking I started to increase my pace. It had been so long since I had felt pussy, the texture, moisture, surrounding my cock, so long since I had felt a pussy besides Alyssa, my lost girlfriend. Now I was fucking Amanda, my sister. It felt so good, so different, my sister's pussy much tighter. My sister's body completely different than Alyssa's bony frame, more supple.

I was pounding into my sister's pussy stroke after stroke. The sound of fucking reverberating off the shell of the boat. Slam, slam bouncing back at us off the wall, flesh off flesh. Cock and pussy. My sister groaned, "That's it fuck my pussy, baby, Fuck me baby. Ohh my God I needed cock, your cock feels so good. So full. Fuck, ooh fuck me like that. Ooh fuck me. Fuck mee, fuck meee, ahhhh" my sister groaned. I couldn't believe my goody, good sister was such a dirty talker during sex.

My sister's body glistening with moisture as sweat dripped off my face onto my sister's ass. The heat of the day and sex, the exertion of energy covering are bodies in sweat.

I loved hearing my sister's moans. Her groans of pleasure. My sister's sexual nature had always been locked away from me, her brother. I was finally understanding who my sister really was beneath the polished surface. Hearing her, feeling her, no brother is ever supposed to see his sister getting fucked like this let alone being the one fucking her. I was so turned on listening to her,

"Ohhh, god I love your cock, keeepp fucking meee, I'm going to come on your cock. Keep fucking me." My sister's voice sounding completely different while getting fucked, sexual, wanton and deeper. I knew I was never supposed to hear my sister's sex talk or getting fucked voice.

I knew I was fucking my sister, maybe the greatest moment in my life I realized even as the act was going on. My greatest accomplishment. I had told my sister to fantasize whatever she wanted while I was fucking her. But when my sister moaned, "Ohh Brian, Brian," I was pissed off. I wanted my sister to moan my name, her brother's name not some soft dicked boyfriend of hers. She was going to dump Brian, he never had the time to fuck my sister. A god damn crime.

I took my hands off my sister's hips and leaned forward kissing her sweaty back and rubbing her side. I placed both of my hands underneath her grabbing her breast, such big tits. Squeezing her nipples, "Oohh my pussy right to my pussy, nipples." I pinched her nipples again. The front of my sweat covered body was now meshed against my sister's back as my hips continued to thrust my cock into my sister as deep and hard as I could. My sister pushed back at me slightly with her ass. I moved my head close to her ear as my sister moaned. "Fuck me baby, fuck me hard, that's it. I love cock."

I whispered into my sister's ear, "Your fucking your brother, my sister has my cock in her pussy. Her brother's cock. I'm fucking my sister, Amanda, Ohh Mandy, my sister's pussy."

My sister stopped her moaning as her mind raced. I grunted out, "Who's fucking you, who fucking you sis?"

"No, no Brian," my sister groaned.

I stuffed my cock back into my sister again and again. "Who sis, should I stop, who sis? Mandy I want you to say my name. I want my sister to say my name as I fuck her."

"Nooo, wrong, so wronnggg," my sister moaned.

"Gavin, your brother is fucking you. You love your brother's cock. My sister is not a good girl. Good girls don't let their brothers fuck them. You're a dirty girl letting your brother put his cock in your pussy. Say my name, Say your brother's name, Say it." I pushed into my sister's pussy as forcefully as I could.

My sister smiled, "Ohh Gavin, Gavin, Gav, ohh my god I'm fucking my brother. My brother is fucking me, my brother is going to make me cummmm. Fuck my pussyyy, little brother. Fuck your sister. So close"

I pinched my sister's nipples hard, knowing that helped my sister cum. "Ohh god, so close, please please."

"Look at me Amanda, look at me sis, I want to see your face when you cum. Look at me, look at your brother while he fucks you. Sis, that nurse is here to watch you get fucked by your brother, look at me". I was pounding into my sister, I was so close, I couldn't hold out, I can't hold out, I could feel the cum building. But I tried holding back, my sister picked up and turned her head to look at me. Her eyes glazed, hair sweaty, I squeezed her breast and than her nipples. Immediately, my sister's pussy clenched, tightening against my cock. My sister's vagina spasming, her body stiffening than shivering, her eyes shutting than opening. My sister's face looked as if she was in agony for a second and then pleasure flooding her features. My cock blowing my load into the condom, there was no way I could stop from cumming after feeling my sister cum, seeing my sister's cum face. My sister's mouth was gaping open, as she wordlessly screamed than her lips softly saying, "incest, my brother."

I kissed my sister's mouth slipping my tongue against hers. I kissed my sister's cheek, rubbing against her for a second, "My sister is good fuck, dirty girl." I was breathless the exertion catching up with me, "remember what I said about Adam and Eve. Incest being natural," I breathed deeply again, I was so tired. "Total bull, I've wanted to fuck you since I first so that shaved pussy of yours, sis."

My sister opened her eyes, staring at me with a blank expression, totally lost. My sister lowered her head, overcome, drunk with her orgasm. My sister cums hard. Finally I could feel myself deflate slightly so I pulled my body off my sister and slowly slid my cock out of my sister's pussy. I reached down and pulled the condom off my dick and threw it on the ground. I was certain that I'd be fucking my sister again.

My sister was still kneeling on the bed "on all fours" her pussy close to my face. Mandy seemed to be transported to another world, or a sleep. I could see my sister's cum running out of her lips and down her thighs. I was so tired and so hot. I could barely breath. But I couldn't help myself I had to taste my sister's shaved pussy.

I had to eat my sister's pussy. I lowered my head and started licking her lips. I had never had bald pussy before. I was licking her lips tasting my sister's pussy juices, her cum. I forced my tongue into her pussy. Tongue fucking her. My sister moaned softly but still seemed to be not altogether there. I pushed my head in between my sister's legs and started licking and sucking on her clit. For few a second I finger fucked my sister as I licked her clit then I pulled my fingers out of her vagina and concentrated on her clit.

"OHH no more, Gavin. I can't take it." my sister said softly. I continued tonguing her clit, "Ohh my god your going to make me cum," my sister practically screaming. "you fuck, you fuck, ohhhh brother," my sister put her hand down and tried to push herself onto her legs. Slowly Mandy started to gather strength and her feet under her. I continued to lick her clit and then sucking down hard on it.

My head and mouth rising with her body. My sister was standing and I was on my knees eating her pussy and licking her clit. My hands were wrapped around on her stomach and hips trying to hold her in place. "you fucking bastard. Cummmm. Brother, making me cum again, bastard." My sister put her hand on my head and pushed her pussy into my mouth.

I ignored everything as I sucked and licked my sister's clit disregarding even breathing. "AHHHH, shouldn't, shouldn't , brother." My sister pushed her pussy against my mouth and pulled on my hair than let go. My sister reached back and pushed my hands off her hips and stomach. I gave her a last lick across her shaved pussy lips as she slowly moved on shaky legs away from me. My naked sister walked out the ship's cabin door.

I stood still for several minutes exhausted from the heat and effort. Catching my breath. It seemed as if I hadn't breathed in hours. I wiped my face with my arm. Wiping off most of my sister's pussy juices from my lips and face. Slowly, I stood on my wobbly legs and walked across the room to my mattress and than collapsed down. I slept for several hours. When I woke I put on my swim trunks and went for a swim. I searched the island for my sister but I couldn't find her.

I was a little worried that what we had done might be freaking my sister out. Getting fucked by her little brother might be too much for her morals. Cool and refreshed by my swim and with the temperature dropping with the sun's retreat I walked back to the ship stopping only to throw a few branches on the fire. My sister still hadn't returned. I figured she needed to be alone to come to terms with having sex with her brother. So I simply laid down on my mattress and relived the day. What a great day I thought.

A half hour later as the sun set and the light became dim I heard my sister enter the cabin. My sister was still nude but now dripping wet from what I presume was a swim in the ocean. My sister picked up the towel and dried her hair and then her body. My sister dropped the towel on the table. She looked over at me and saw me watching her. My sister made no move to cover up her nakedness, she continued to stare at me for several seconds. Mandy walked over to my mattress and then motioned with her hand for me to move over.

I slid over on the mattress as my sister laid down next to me. My sister cuddled into my body. I could feel her breast and nipples pressing against my stomach. My sister's face leaning against my side. Mandy reached up with her hand and started gently rubbing my chest. "I couldn't stop it, I didn't want to stop it. It was inevitable," my sister started rationalizing softly to me. "Seeing you every day, how brave you are, how handsome, your body, chest, abs, cock. God your cock. Day after day. Like a married couple living together. But with less clothes. Or no clothes. I tried to resist. For months I've tried to push thoughts about you out of my mind. I've wanted you for so long ," I just listened and let my sister talk it out. 

"But I thought it was wrong. I was sick. Than you touched me. It felt so good it scared me. I was terrified. Then you said you wanted me, to fuck me. I figured we're both going crazy, crazy with horniness. Then seeing you playing with you penis," my sister using the proper medical term. "Staring at me while you touched yourself, asking me to touch myself. It was too much. I've wanted you inside me for so long, since we got to this island. I've been thinking about nothing else. No one could resist having sex that long, not over 60 days with a cute guy walking around practically naked day after day. I had to have you inside me even if you're my brother." My sister smiled, "Even Mom would have fucked you after a month on this island. I think I did good lasting over 2 months."

I smiled and responded, "Dad wouldn't have lasted a month. Dad would have been trying to get you in less than 30 days. I think I did good lasting over 45. Your so beautiful."

My sister answered, "Dad would have been trying to get inside me in less than a week. I catch him staring at me all the time, checking out my tits and ass, basically eye fucking me."

"Dirty old man. I thought you guys were close, both doctors and all," I quipped.

My sister rolled her eyes, "Sometimes I want to tell him go fuck Mom, she's hot and leave me alone. I'm your daughter for god sake not some slut nurse. Now I'll just tell him I like to fuck my brother, I'm not into dads."

"That'd be interesting."

My sister reached up and sucked on my nipples while squeezing my other nipple with her fingers. "I've never had sex with anyone like that. I've never cum like that, twice like that. I've cum with you three times, more than I've ever cum with a guy. My own brother. My own brother is 4th guy I fuck, fourth guy to see my cum face. My best sex before today was with myself, my fingers or vibrator. I can't believe my best sex is my brother." My sister reached down and started stroking my cock underneath my swim trunks.

"You know I heard you fucking Alyssa at the hotel. I was in the next room. I couldn't believe I was listening to my brother fuck some girl. I put a pillow over my head so I wouldn't have to listen. But when you started to fuck her a second time," my sister looked up at me shyly, playfully, "I decided if you can't beat them join them. I started playing with myself, rubbing my pussy while I listened to you, my brother fuck his girlfriend. At some point I started to fantasy it was me you were fucking."

"I couldn't believe I was thinking that at the time. I thought my little brother has a better sex life than me. I wondered what it would be like with him. I came thinking that, listening to you have sex with Alyssa, imagining it was me. I put my hand in my mouth so you wouldn't hear me scream as I came. I wore that thong on the boat to drive you crazy, like you drove me crazy that morning at the hotel. But you hardly noticed me, dad couldn't keep his eyes off my body, my ass, tits, my pussy but you hardly noticed your sister in her little, bitty bikini, thong, she had worn for her brother."

I reached down and rubbed my sister's breast, "I did notice, your gorgeous. I just didn't want to make a fool of myself staring at my sister." I reached on the floor next to my bed and grabbed a condom. I ripped open the wrapper. My sister was already pulling down my swim trunks. My sister forced my swim wear over my ass and then off my legs and feet.

"Let me," my sister took the condom from my hand and grabbed my dick. With one hand she held my hard cock steady and with the other she unraveled the condom down my shaft. My sister gave my cock one quick stroke and then let go. My sister started to turn to get on her knees so I could fuck her from behind again. I placed my hand on my sister's side and held her in place.

"I want to see your face, I want to see your face as I fuck you this time," I told my sister.

Mandy moved onto her back and spread her legs wide. Obscenely wide,. Her bald pussy graphically exposed to her lustful brother. My sister was smiling as I moved in between her legs. "Every brother and sister should get to know each other like this. Incest, my god incest with my little brother. Fuck me little brother. Fuck your sister's pussy." the ultimate taboo, the ultimate aphrodisiac. I slid closer to my sister, lining up my cock. The tip of my cock touching her wet pussy lips and than I was pushing into my sister's pussy. "God I love cock, my brother's cock" my sister moaned. "MMmmm, perfect fit, my brother's cock, my pussy. Ahhh, Every sister, ahh sister should try their, their brother's cock." My sister spoke in her deep, gutter like sex voice. "Fuuu, fuckkk your sister with that cock."

I smiled down at my sister as she enjoyed my cock pushing in and out of her love hole, "My sister's pussy, sister pussy. Every brother wants to stick his cock inside his sister's pussy. I'm, ahh I'm," I caught my breath, "one of the luck few to do it." Incest is beautiful."

Day 85

The last 19 days had been the greatest time of my life. My sister and I spent our days enjoying each other's company and bodies. My sister was far wilder than I had ever imagined. My sister was a horny woman. My sister fucked her brother, me, on average twice a day. A couple of days my sister was too sore from me fucking her too hard. On those days Mandy would give me a loving blow job that only a sister can perform while I ate her pussy. We had sex in every imaginable position and place on the island. Under the waterfall, in the ocean, on the beach, in the forest, on the raft, from behind, missionary, her on top, reverse cow girl, 69, standing up, and many others. My sister and I had grown incredibly close, from partners fighting for survival to incestual lovers to a couple.

The wind had been whipping during the night so I got up early to check on the raft. I wasn't sure if my sister ever planned on leaving the island now but I wanted to maintain the option. I was happy where we were. I knew if we were ever rescued or used the raft to escape the island our relationship would change back in the real world. My sister had insisted on that condition only a couple of weeks ago. Had things changed for her? My sister had also said that no matter what we were using the raft to get off the island at the 6 month mark of our stay. Did she still feel the same about that as well?

I guess time answers most questions. I decided to enjoy my sister's body for the next 3 plus months and see what happened then. Carpe diem.

I was walking back to the ship when I saw my sister sauntering towards me carrying the towel. My sister was topless, only wearing her tan thong. My sister and I had spent the last two weeks naked about 80 percent of the time. This was the most clothes I had seen her in days. Way too much clothes I thought, but she had told me she was worried about her pussy lips getting sun burnt. My sister's thong only covered her pussy lips and not much more but I immediately wanted to yank it off her and start eating her pussy. I was wearing my swim trunks.

"Hey little brother, you got up way too early. I was lonely. I need my morning loving," my sister coyly played.

"I wanted to check on the raft. Make sure nothing fell on the boat."

My sister looked out at water, "Are you in mood?"

"For what?" I asked already knowing the answer.

"To make love to your sister, little brother, I need you at least twice a day," my sister teased.

"Always," I leaned forward and wrapped my lips around my sister's nipple. Licking her nipple with my tongue as my right hand squeezed my sister's breast than I squezzed her nipple. My left hand went to my sister's pussy and started to rub her clit through the thong.

"AAhh baby, you know, you know what I like, you like my tits don't you little brother.." I moved my hands to my sister's bathing suit and hooked my thumbs into the material. I pulled down my sister's thong over her ass and then down her thighs. I sucked hard on my sister's other nipple as my left hand cupped my sister's wet pussy. "Make love to me, please, I need your cock, please" my sister moaned. I pulled my mouth away from her breast and my hand from between my sister's crotch. There is nothing like hearing your sister beg for her brother's cock to get your attention.

My sister stepped out of her panties as I pulled down my swim suit leaving it in the sand. My sister spread the towel on the beach. "I forgot, we ran out of condoms yesterday. Should we do this?" I asked.

"I know, I did the math, we can have sex for the next 7 days than we have to take a break for a few days," my sister looked at me shyly as she lowered her body onto the towel. "But we can do other things, you know. I can't live without your cock, no way. I'm a doctor trust me. I won't get pregnant. I won't make you a daddy, and an uncle. Ehhhh, that's too strange to think about, it's going to be fine. This is human physiology 101. I got an A in that."

"I trust you," I told my sister. I kneeled down behind Mandy as she moved into her favorite position, "on all fours" as my sister watched the ocean from the beach. "I have to rate my sister's body A plus." I looked out over the ocean. "Can you believe how calm the ocean looks, so different from when we were out there on the boat. The wind and currents bringing us here."

My sister stared out at the water, "I love the ocean, if it wasn't for the ocean we would never have gotten together. I would have lived my life never knowing what it was like to make love to you, my brother. I would have married Brian, had boring sex, saved some lives which is a positive, but lived under constant stress. Do you think we'd have gotten together, if things had been different, no storm?"

"Not a chance," I quickly answered with certainty. "The real world had us both so programmed that I never would have considered it. If I ever tried making a move, anything sexual towards you, you would have told mom and dad or the cops."

"Your right," my sister speaking to the ocean, "Thank you, thank you, for the greatest sex of my life. I've never cum so much, been so happy.."

I moved closer to my sister and kissed her back. I lowered my stiff rod to my sister wet lips and slid inside her. My sister's pussy felt even better without a condom, slick, tight and warm. I pulled partly back and than pushed back into her vagina, bottoming out. My sister's and my genitals pressed against each other. "Fuck, fuck ahh what we would have missed." The taboo of making love to my sister had faded some after 19 days of intense fucking. My sister was beautiful both physically and inside. The first time I had fucked my sister but the sex had turned into love making.

My sister and I had developed a rhythm to our sex. I started pistoning in and out of her pussy. She was so wet. I could feel her using her pussy muscles more and more as she tried to squeeze my cock. I looked down between us, my sister's shaved pussy, my cock disappearing inside her. So beautiful to watch my cock move in and out of my sister.

My sister started moaning "Ahhh, ahh, god I love your cock, my brother's cock, no one can fuck a girl like her brother." My sister knew I loved it when she talked dirty. I started fucking my sister harder, god I loved the sound of my body hitting hers combined with the slushing sound of wet pussy and cock. "Only dirty, dirty girls let their brother's fuck them" my sister grunted. "What a shame, what a shame, missing, missing, so much, so good, brothers are so good."

My hands were wrapped around my sister stomach as I used her body for leverage to fuck her harder. "Ahh babbby, bbaby brother, fuck me fuckkk mee." I looked up at my sister who's head was down close to the towel as I scanned the ocean. My sister continued her moaning, "oohh god, ohh make me cum." That can't be I thought to myself, it's an optical illusion I thought. A boat had pulled into the harbor and was anchored off shore. I continued fucking my sister as I moved my hands to her hips as I pulled my self upright looking out at the ocean. I saw people moving on deck and the flash of glass, binoculars? Two people looking at the beach with binoculars, watching me fuck my sister. Rescuing us?

Stunned, I didn't stop fucking my sister, my cock and hips were on automatic as I slid through her silk sheave. God my sister's pussy felt good, the taboo of fucking my sister rushing back at me from society. Making the sex better than ever before, more wrong, people were watching me fuck my sister. I needed to tell Mandy, my sister. It was only right.

My cock pounding into my sister stroke after stroke, the glasses still flashing on the ship's deck as strangers watched our incestual sex. I leaned down pressing my body against my sister's back. I reached beneath my sister and cupped her soft, silky breast. Squeezing her nipples.

"Ahh my nips, love that, pinch them, pinch my nipples, right to my pussy." I pinched my sister's nipples again. "make me cum, cumm, please."

My mouth next to my sister's ear I whispered, "Mandy," my sister had her eyes closed tightly, "Amanda."

My sister opened her eyes and turned her head to look at me, "Watch me cum, so close."

My sister staring at me with an agonized expression, breathless I said, "Look there's a boat, boat out on the ocean, rescue. Watching us fuck."

My sister stunned turned her head and looked out at the water, "Ohh my god."

I continued to thrust my cock in and out of my sister's pussy, never stopping. Stroke after stroke. "Should we stop?"

My sister replied immediately staring into my eyes, "Nooo, noo don't stop, keeep fuccking, ahh meee. So close, let, let ahh watch. Who carrres," then my sister turned her head towards the water calling out loudly but not loud enough to be heard, "Goo away, ahhh, my brother's fucking me, don't resucue, now, go away. I want to cum on my brother's cock. Fuckkk, fuck go, go go. Llleave us alone. Can't give him up, never, never give up his cock."

My sister and I watched as two people got into a small boat and started towards shore, "I think we better stop, sis. There coming."

"Noo, I'm too close, please, please don't stop. Brother fuck your sister. Fuck me."

The small boat was powered by small outboard engine and moved quickly towards shore. Our bodies joined as one as the outside world intruded on our love making. I kept fucking my sister. I said to her as I saw the binoculars raised again, "There watching us fuck, your fucking your brother, sis. I know you love people watching you fuck, they're watching you fuck your brother."

Suddenly, My sister raised her body as she stared out at the craft coming a shore. My sister had lifted both of her hands off the ground. My hands slipped off her breast to her ribs directly beneath her boobs. Her breast now totally exposed to the people in the boat who were both watching us through binoculars.

"Ohh my god, noo, no so wrong, can't beee them noo, ahhh keep fucking me little brother." I slowed my pace as my gentals hit my sister's genitals lightly. "Harder, make me cumm litllle brother, I want to cumm in front of them, don't stop. Hurry. Harder." My sister dropped her body back down and her left hand balanced her weight. I slid my hands back up to my sister's breast and squeezed her tits and started pounding my cock into her pussy with increased force.

My sister reached up with her right hand and placed it over my hand which was cupping her breast, "it's them. Mom and Dad, their watching us fuck, it's them, ahhh, my god their watching me fuck my brother." I pinched both my sister's nipples hard.

"No, impossible, their gone," I squinted my eyes, could it be mom and dad?

"Mommy, daddy, Gavin's fucking me, I love the way my brother fuck's me," the launch was almost at the shore no, my sister's voice might even be heard by the people on board. "Your son has the best cock, good job making my brother for me, his sister loves his cock, he fucks me so good, I'm going to cum, watch my brother make me cum. Mommy, Daddy, I want you to see my cum face. See my tits, mom, daddy loves my tits, see us cum together.

My sister had gone insane. Ohh my god, she's right, my sister's right, our parents our watching their children fuck, their watching me fuck their daughter, my sister. Their son, her brother. "Don't stop they've already seen us, keep going, keeping fucking me little brother. Mommy, daddy wants to fuck me. Mommy, daddy wants to put his cock in my pussy, his daughter's pussy. I know he does, but I won't let him, my pussy is for my brother, my brother's cock only. Mommy, daddy, watch us fuck, please, please."

Our parents were now only twenty feet away. I was turned on by my sister's words, scared at what was happening. I pushed into my sister's vagina, trying to cum, make her cum. This is insane. I fucked her harder than ever before. I was a fucking machine. Sick perverted little brother fucking his sister. The sound of fucking echoing everywhere, down to my parents at the shore line.

"Ohh, my god, daddy, mommy, ahh, I'm cummming, my god your watching me cumm, your daughter with my brother ahhhh noono, my parents watching, should 't be seeing this, doing this with my brother. Ahhh so good, he's so good" I pinched my sister's nipples hard, than pinched her nips again. I could feel her pussy immediately grab my cock, squeezing the cum out of me as I shot my load into my sister's taboo pussy as she spasmed beneath me. I had never cum so hard in my life.

"Ahhh babby, babby brother your cumming in me, no protection, mommy daddy, Gavin's cumming in my pussy. Ahh, I can feel his cum inside my pussy. My brother's cum is in my pussy, his sister's. Ahhh yes, you've watched us fuck, our parents. Your children fuck each other's brains out. I'm his sister, my brother. Incest is best, the best."

My hips were still on automatic as I continued to thrust my cock deep into my sister's pussy. I said too loudly, "Fucck, your good sis, best pussy, best sex, with my sister." I looked at my parent as they moved towards us. My hips stopped thrusting my cock into my sister's love hole.

My sister who normally practically passed out after she came started crawling forward. My cock slipped out of her pussy. "Ahh, ahh." my sister moaned. My sister, Amanda, put her hands down and pushed herself up on incredibly shaky legs. My parents were 15 feet away and walked forward a couple of steps. My sister was standing naked in front of my parents. My sister tentatively raised her hand to gesture hello. My mom was dressed in a sexy white bikini cut high on her leg. My dad looking distinguished with his salt and pepper hair was wearing kaki shorts and blue collared shirt. They stopped 10 feet away from my sister.

I was still on my knees and my cock still hard. I stared up at my sister tight ass from behind and in between her legs. I could see my sister's pussy juices, her cum and my cum, her brother's cum, leaking out of her shaved, bald pussy. A sibling concoction of juices. Her thighs, pussy lips wet with our fluids.

My mom and dad standing there looking at their naked daughter. My dad a pillar of the community, a doctor, a surgeon. My mom, a country club diva, judging the world on morality. My sister's huge d cup breast, her gigantic areolas and hard nipples. They stood their staring, not believing what they had seen their children doing. Fucking, committing incest. The biggest taboo.

I could see my dad eyeing my sister, especially her tits, than his eyes moved down to his daughter's pussy. His daughter's pussy which he had been desperate to see for years. At last her dad could see his daughter's shaved pussy. Our father could see the cum leaking out of his daughter's taboo pussy hole. My dad who secretly lusted after his daughter's body. Checking out his daughter every chance he could, eye fucking his daughter. My dad watched his son's cum leak out of his daughter's taboo pussy. The taboo hole that he yearned to fill with his fatherly cock, but knew it was wrong, immoral and illegal. Society keeping him in check. His son, her brother, had put his cock in his daughter, the taboo hole where her dad had lusted to enter. Not Incest with him, her father, but his son. Incest. His daughter had fucked her brother, his son's cum mixing with his beautiful daughter's pussy juices. 

My mom's eyes followed my father's eyes down in between my sister's legs. Horrified, she viewed the product of her children's love making. Brother and sister. Her children's cum, her son's sperm leaking out of her daughter's pussy. Cum running down her daughter's thighs, droplets leaking from her daughter's special and most sacred place onto the sand. So wrong, so awful. I could hear my mom say out load what she was thinking, "Oh my god no. No" as she stared in between her daughter's legs, the place where her son's cock had been moments before.

My mom's mouth was wide with shock as she placed her hand to her lips. My sister followed her parents eyes and knew they could see her pussy leaking cum. Ashamed, embarrassed, my sister turned and bent down to the ground and picked up her thong. My sister giving her mom and dad another angle of her body, her back, ass, asshole and pussy with her legs and hole wet with brother and sister cum. My sister looked me in the eye for a second. Anger, fear, disbelief but mostly shock. My sister with her thong in hand ran off nude in the direction of the ship.

My parents could now clearly see me kneeling on the towel. I slowly stood up and felt incredibly naked. My cock was still hard. The shaft and head of my dick glistened with my sister's pussy juices and my cum. My parents looked at me, the good for nothing son who had corrupted their beautiful, perfect, doctor daughter. For a second I saw their eyes scan the cock that had made their daughter orgasm. I turned giving my parents a view of my ass, and reached down to grab my swim trunks. I quickly pulled on my shorts and turned back to face the consequences of fucking my sister, my mom and dad. My mom lowered her hand from her still gapping mouth speaking, "Your alive, nothing else matter, nothing you've done matters, my children are alive. I love you, I love you both so much."

My mom moved towards me, her nipples poking against the fabric, her bikini bottoms wet at the crotch, from jumping into the water, or from watching her children fuck? My Mom hugged me tightly and then I saw my father move towards us, is he hard? "She's right, your alive, what you've done to survive doesn't matter. It's our fault, my fault for not finding you sooner. My dad hugged my mom and wrapped an arm around me.

My sister came running towards the beach, "Momm, dadd,"my sister shouted. My sister's was wearing her tan thronged bikini that my mom rightfully disapproved of. The small top barely covering her poked out nipples and bottoms covering her pussy lips and not much else of her mound. Mom was right she shouldn't wear a swim suit like that around her dad and especially her bad little brother. I could see a large wet spot in between my sister's legs where gravity was pooling our cum.

My sister ran up to us and hugged my mom and my dad patted her head. I wrapped my arm around my sister's waist. A group family hug. Beautiful. Full of love. I moved my hand down to my sister's ass and felt the strip of fabric running between her cheeks. I glided my hand over both of her cheeks, squeezing her butt several times. So familiar now. I lowered my hand and started rubbing my sister sex in between her legs. Feeling the wet spot in my hand. My sister broke off the family hug pulling away from me. My hand sliding out from between my sister's legs, off her pussy. My sister beaming, smiling at every one. My sister, Mandy, stated enthusiastically, "We're rescued." 