Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index
Chapter 1: Day One
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The fury had passed. The gusting wind no longer screamed and howled. With dawn the clouds cleared and the sun warmed the sea. Once giant foaming crests had subsided to large fat swells, which brake languorously on the beach. Along the high water mark flotsam and jetsam cast ashore by the tempest lay amongst the tangled seaweed. A lone man clad in a soiled and sodden flight suit walks the beach. He stops at the edge of the green jungle and slowly squats by a sparkling puddle of rainwater.

The small jet had gone down during the typhoon. It had been a terrifying ordeal particularly after the lightening had struck the cockpit and all instrumentation and electronics had been lost. For endless hours we had been carried blind and buffeted helplessly on the crest of the storm. When the fuel was gone I had announced for everyone to prepare for a hard landing. The black mass of land had appeared just as that raging black sea seemed to be about to embrace us.

I had attempted to land on the hard sand above the surf line and thought we had made it with the thump of wheel contact. Maintaining control I had been able to just slow the plane. Then the world had gone completely crazy. The undercarriage had ripped away with an incredibly loud metallic scream and the plane had twisted into the waves. I had looked up and in a frozen instant witnessed a towering wave, which proceeded to engulf the world into a consuming blackness.

That I was alive and squatting on this tropical beach seemed a miracle that at the moment I was too exhausted to fully comprehend. I had found a trickle of fresh water flowing from the jungle. It seemed as if I had swallowed most of the Pacific Ocean during the previous night. I splashed the cool water on my face and let it run down my throat. There was a resulting pink color running between my fingers. Feeling my face I realized that I had some minor cuts and scrapes. But besides some aches and bruises I felt I was in relatively good shape.

I stood up and shaded my eyes from the brilliant dawn sun to survey the beach in both directions. I wondered how everyone else on the flight had fared. There had been four other passengers, Mr. Talbot, my employer, and three women.

Yesterday, when first seeing the boarding passengers I had decided this trip was going to be a mix of business and pleasure for someone. I had only briefly seen the females before our rushed departure from Honolulu. My quick impression of the three girls was one of pretty faces, a lot of hair, model-type figures, hairspray, stylish clothes and perfume. They consisted of Kimberly, her sister Brittany and a friend named Jennifer. Brittany and Jennifer were teenagers perhaps 18 or 19; it was hard to tell. I had overhead their conversation and learned the girls had just graduated from a high school back in the States. Kimberly was in her late twenties and probably Talbot's girlfriend. One of the impressed young ground crew had confided that Kimberly had been a "Playmate"' and "Miss Year". He had her picture taped to the inside of his toolbox.

My name is Taylor, John Taylor. I am 31 years old. I am single having been divorced now for about four years. I have been flying aircraft since I was 16. After a stint in the US Air Force I had become connected with Talbot Enterprises. The money was very good. It had to be because Talbot was very hard to work for. For example, this situation I was in now would seem the logical result of his way of doing business.

We had flown from Honolulu to some obscure South Sea island three days before. Talbot had some oil drilling concessions there. The remote unmapped landing site was a WWII relic. The sole standing structure was a battered Quonset hut. No sooner had we landed than Talbot and the females had disappeared in a waiting humvee. I had bunked down in a dingy flight crew quarters for the duration.

I was dismayed to find the only available local satellite communication system was down. Several days previously I had seen a posted weather map that showed an ominous front brewing and moving north. Knowing that it was mid-season for typhoons I had wanted to chart the front's progress. I had been unable to get any current data. The short wave gear on the plane only issued a roar of static. The problem was compounded by the fact I had not filed any flight plan in Honolulu that reflected our current position. Part of my specialized job description involved doing my part in keeping these little drill-site sightseeing trips undocumented and untraceable. No one had any idea where we were.

Talbot and his female entourage had come roaring back to the plane at dusk on the second day. Talbot was ready to go despite my stated misgivings. He gave a disdainful look around the Third-World airport and flatly told me his plane was leaving now. His eyes shifted as he watched Kimberly mount the boarding ladder. I turned my head to see what had caught his attention. Her high shorts hugged a simply outstandingly tight female backside. His voice changed and he said, "We need to get back to civilization as soon as possible. I need to get those youngsters on a plane back to their mothers." I shrugged and figured in a worst-case scenario I could track any weather with my on-board radar.

Within in an hour I was convinced I had made a deadly mistake. The on-board radar displayed an all-encompassing solid mass of impregnable front. I had initially attempted to skirt it. Within minutes the monster swallowed us.

Right now I had no idea where I was, besides somewhere in the South Pacific. But I was alive, the sun had warmed me from the coldness of the ocean and I was hungry. I decided to walk the beach with the sun behind me. Within a mile I found floating debris from the plane. Finding a small floating sealed survival kit with some ration bars, matches, first aid, and a Swiss knife filled me with a hopeful perspective. Within another mile I found Talbot. He hadn't made it. I examined his body and determined that either drowning or a broken neck had killed him. I had not liked the man but he had courage. He had ridden with me in the cockpit on that final attempt at a landing approach.

"I hope the crabs and rats don't get you till I can get back and bury you, pal," I told him. "There might be people still alive that need me more than you do at the moment." I dragged him above the high-tide mark and marked his location with a large piece of upright driftwood stuck in the sand.

When I saw the tail assembly in the distance I picked up my pace to a slow run.

The three girls were sitting in the shade under a wing of the wreck. They were all miraculously unharmed from the ordeal despite some evident hard exposure. Three excited females clamored around me. Immediately the older, Kimberly expressed bitter disappointment at the realization I was not leading a rescue party. After we compared recollections of the crash and our individual ordeals I broke the news about Talbot's demise. I passed out the ration bars I found to the three hungry survivors.

The plane was nearly torn in two and partially buried upright in the sand. The fuselage appeared as if had been disemboweled by a monstrous beast. The plane's cockpit, cabin and underside cargo bay were awash. I could see the vestiges of civilization bobbing and floating along the beach far into the distance. I watched with a sudden hopeless despair as the ocean greedily claimed its bounty.

I had passed a large freshwater stream back up the beach and I suggested we make a base at that point. I spent the rest of the afternoon using loose palm fronds and lengths of bamboo to construct a crude lean-to on high ground under the palm trees. The women did not offer much assistance. After spending an hour attempting to show each girl individually how to weave the vines, bamboo and palm fronds, I realized it would be quicker to focus on that job aspect myself and let them salvage from the plane.

The two teenagers were easily distracted doing this task. After being gone an hour and a half they returned with some soaked blankets, seat floatation cushions and various carry-on bags. They said they had found a pool upstream and had washed. The older Kimberly was not much help either. She had stated the hut and "collecting trash" was "a waste of time" as we would soon be rescued. On hearing about the pool Kimberly said that sounded "wonderful!" and the three all disappeared. By dusk I had completed the crude shelter. I spent the next several hours dragging anything I could find from the surf to above the high water mark.

When I wearily returned to camp, the first drops of rain began falling and within minutes the full force of a tropical gale was on us. We huddled miserably under the leaking cover of the flimsy lean-to, which only slightly diffused the full force of the driving rain. The girls formed together in the center and I found my outside position caught the blunt of the storm. I spent that first cold night soaked and shivering in a wretched tight ball.
Chapter 2
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 2: Day Two
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The next morning dawned clear and gorgeous.

The previous night's misery seemed foreign in the new day. I noticed the females seemed none the worse for wear as they went about their feminine morning ablutions. They had found some soap and toiletries in one of the salvaged carry-on bags. The women had vanished upstream to the pool and returned clean and refreshed.

I decided I was due for a bath myself and followed their example. I washed my still-damp clothes and myself. Afterwards squatting naked on the sandy banks I twisted and wrung out the rinsed and newly cut-off aviation khaki coveralls. I held up my new shorts to determine if the leg cuts were balanced when I realized I had an audience. A short distance away Jennifer stood leaning against a tree. I had a moment of intense embarrassment due to being naked in front of the teenage girl. My hands dropped and I used my pants to cover my exposed groin. Then I noticed she was quietly examining me. I stood up and faced her, dropping my hands to my side. Her eyes seemed drawn downward to my crotch.

"You want something, Jennifer?" I asked her.

At my voice her eyes came up slowly to meet my gaze. As our eyes locked she suddenly looked very young and vulnerable. Without a word she spun around and ran back towards the camp. I pulled on my new shorts and fastened them. I stood thinking that I had seen the frank appraisal of a grown woman in her initial glaze. My adult world was far removed from modern teenagers and I had no basis of rapport with her generation. I shook my head and told myself I had been mistaken. When I walked back to the camp Jennifer gave me a quick glance then continued to talk to her friend Brittany.

We finished the salvaged emergency rations I had found and then sat around the fire and everyone talked. I was beginning to become familiar with my fellow castaways. Kimberly said she was Talbot's "production investor". She was a beautiful blue-eyed, large bosomed, long-legged, blonde-trussed All-American girl. I had mentally compared the real-life Kimberly to the air brushed version I had seen in the pin-up picture. The younger edition had been the fresh-faced girl next door with the creamy voluptuousness of a sex goddess. Her mouth had that upturned pout that seemed to be asking to be kissed. This real-life version had a more knowing mature beauty. I doubted nowadays when she had her picture taken if she stilled adopted that parted lip "come hither" expression from her youth. She had tied off her blouse at her breasts to expose her flat midriff. The warm sun had caused her to partially unbutton her long skirt to expose a long athletic flank. The short time she had spent on herself earlier had produced dramatic results. She looked quite ready for the next photo shoot. I thought perhaps when a woman is that beautiful little maintenance is necessary.

Brittany was a younger blonde version of her sister. She was drop-dead gorgeous with that wholesome sexuality that young women have. Even with her breasts not as fully developed as her sister's I thought she was quite voluptuous for her age. She had huge blue eyes that I had found myself getting distractedly arrested by when I talked to her.

There was a manner about her that puzzled me. She had been the most helpful of the three girls. The previous afternoon during the raising of the lean-to I had placed the end of a brace in a hole. She was helping me bury the support. I had held the log upright and she had knelt by my feet to fill and pack sand in the hole. The wind caused the structure to shift slightly and I had to twist myself to hold the weight. I felt her hair tickle against my upper leg. The load shifted again and the side of her head bumped against my thigh.

I had become very conscious of our positions. I felt that all to familiar tightening of my scrotum. I had suddenly realized I had cut my pants too short. My penis had stirred and stiffened. I looked down and saw my erection was fully protruding from the ragged bottom edge of my shorts. Since my hands where fully occupied holding the wooden beam, I had no choice but to hope my aroused condition might go unnoticed. She had finished the task, sat back, brushed the hair from her face and looked up at me. Her face was level with my groin. We had held our positions for a frozen moment. She became aware of her submissive pose. Her eyes had dropped to my groin. My large throbbing erection was only inches from her face.

Her eyes widened and she took in her breath while she stared in shock at my unexpected arousal. She had flushed and blinked. "Oh my," she had said softly. She had jerked her eyes away from my cock and had stood up. Without another word she had turned and walked quickly away from me. I had been surprised by my own charged reaction to the teenager. I resolved to strengthen my self-control in the future.

Her friend Jennifer was a cute petite brunette. Almost elfin with her large amber eyes, she had a spirited mischievous demeanor that made me laugh. Our earlier encounter at the pool had seemed to be forgotten. Of all of us Jennifer seemed less perturbed by our current risky predicament. I had a mental conviction that she would handle going to the local mall with the same manner as being marooned on this uninhabited island.

Physically Jennifer was also a blossoming young woman. She had tied off her blouse as a halter-top. The top several buttons were unfastened. Despite myself my eye had been drawn to her exposed cleavage. She had her arms up and she was animatedly describing the plane crash. She noticed where my eye had lingered when she shifted her gaze to me. I again saw that feminine awareness in her glance. She had paused for a moment and her eyes had held mine. She then turned back to the other girls and finished her breathless recollection.

Using the knife, the teenagers had followed my example and had cut their jeans for shorts. Later they borrowed the knife again to make shorter shorts. These shorts showed the bottom swell of their young firm backsides. Kimberly had thrown a fit at this brazen display. The girls had replied, "We wear less at the beach at home." Kimberly had said, "You are NOT at home!"

I had been minding my own business tending the fire but had looked up at this last exchange. All three females had shifted their eyes to me. Kimberly lowered her voice and I could not make out the rest of the whispered lecture.

The teenagers looked on this as a fun adventure. But the older Kimberly was all business. She wanted to know exactly what I was going to do to get them out of this mess. I said that first Talbot needed to be buried.

That afternoon the four of us made the somber walk back to the body. Using our hands we had scooped out a shallow grave in the soft sand at the edge of the jungle. I pulled Talbot into the hole. Standing above the sad pit I tried to think of some words.

"Anyone want to say anything?" I asked.

"He was a rich bastard," Kimberly said with a caustic tone. I looked at her and she icily met my eye with a defiant glare and then turned away with an indifferent shrug. Knowing him too, I could not add to that epitaph.

The four of us scooped and mounded sand over the body until Talbot was covered. We stuck several pieces of upright driftwood into the soft sand. I had a morose premonition as I watched the loose grains of sand swirl away in a gust of breeze that we might not find this place again.

Kimberly again asked me how I was going to get them rescued.

I decided to demonstrate some leadership and suggested the girls lay out a large SOS on a peculiarly large open stretch of beach I had seen. The flat open area was about a half mile up the beach. I volunteered to scout for food. They agreed and we went about our tasks.

Over the next two hours I foraged some ripe coconuts, some type of banana fruit that I seen monkeys eating and some wild aloe. I was carrying my new found bounty back to the camp when I heard faint rumble of a highflying aircraft above the noise of the jungle. I dropped the food and sprinted toward the beach. When I broke from the deep foliage I immediately saw the girls had heard the jet also. The three of them were standing out at the breakwater jumping and yelling at the slight speck in the sky. I scanned the beach for our distress sign. I immediately saw they had laid out a large S and part of an O. As I watched a wave from the incoming tide washed away a large portion of their efforts.

"DAMN IT!" I screamed. "I said lay it out in that open area"

The three women had turned at my curse.

"It was too far to walk and there was no shade," Kimberly explained to me.

Jennifer spoke, "The sand was too loose down there to walk on"

"We thought this would be just as good and it was easier to find wood in the jungle." Brittany sheepishly added.

I sat down hard in the sand and with a sullen deep despair watched the plane disappear over the horizon.

I told the hungry girls to go easy on eating the fresh fruit, which advice was promptly ignored with resulting digestive distress later that night. I used the aloe on my exposed skin and was amazed at the immediate cooling relief it provided. The three females turned up their collective noses at the wild remedy.

"It stinks" Brittany said distastefully.

I couldn't smell anything.

The second night brought another tropical storm. I had expanded the lean-to and thickened the roof. The girls promptly occupied the updated section and I found myself miserable and again soaked. I was also to blame for everyone's excess fruit-related gastric problems and was verbally picked apart during lulls in the storm. It was another endlessly long nightmarish night.
Chapter 3
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 3: Day Three
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

That morning I finally lost my patience.

I had burned my fingers while attempting to start a fire using wet wood. The three cold hungry miserable females huddled under the dripping lean-to were in a foul humor. I had smoked some fish the night before and I had seen the three gingerly pick at the cold food then throw it into the jungle.

Kimberly bitchily advised me, "Any moron could have that fire lit by now."

A heat flared at the back of my neck. I slowly set down the firewood and stood up. I brushed sand from my knees and turned to the women.

"I am done with this," I said. "When any of you cares to behave as a decent person, come and see me."

I grabbed half the matches, the knife, and a box of supplies and strode down the beach. I felt their collective eyes boring into my back as I put some distance between us. I had seen a perfect camping spot a mile up the beach.

In fact by that evening I had constructed a low shelter with a tight roof and walls. There were sheltering palms, fresh water and some nearby fish-stocked tidal pools. I had speared a delicious fat fish for my supper. At sunset I was sitting against a palm tree, weaving fronds into a sleeping mat and enjoying a cocktail. The supplies I had snatched had included a wide selection of those little flight bottles of booze. While tepid coconut milk was not the best mixer I had ever tasted, after numerous attempts I had come up with a palate-pleasing concoction. I smacked my lips and congratulated myself again on my latent, never before used, survival talents.

I heard approaching voices and the three girls appeared. Standing by my fire the three faced me. Kimberly had crossed her arms and began a hot tirade involving my lack of common decency, bad attitude and my responsibilities.

I had been debating this problematic situation in my mind all afternoon and her little tirade cemented my ultimate decision.

I held up my hand. "Okay, stop," I said. "This is the way this is all going to work." The three stared at me. "If you want to live and maybe get off this island then you will do it my way.

"First off, I am the boss," I said. I was a bit pissed and a little drunk so I expanded on that. "No. I think king is a better description." I smiled at them and sat back.

Then I added, "You will keep your mouths shut and do everything exactly as I say."

I looked at Kimberly with an open leer. "And I do mean EVERYTHING I say."

Kimberly spat at me in disgust, "You are crazy and sick." She added vehemently, "My days of taking any shit from any man are long past!"

She spun on her heels and disappeared into the darkness. The two teenagers were looking at me with wide-eyed shock. Brittany turned and went after her sister. Jennifer stared at me. "Does that mean we would have to have sex?" she said.

I was momentarily taken aback at her youthful effrontery. Then I thought I would come right back at her. "Yes Jennifer. You would fuck me, you would suck me and I think I would put my cock right up that tight little ass of yours."

She gasped, turned and went running after the others. I noticed her legs rose straight to that firm compact butt. She had one of those flat gaps at the junction on her thighs and sex.

"Damn!" I murmured. I had a hotly intense vision of cupping my hand there.

DAY FOUR

I had awakened with a bad hangover. I was also very hungry. Yesterday I had thought of an easy way to catch seagulls. Today my simple plan was proving to be effective, but onerous.

I had scooped out a body-sized depression in the loose sand and then lay down and buried myself.

My final moves had been to place the remnants of last night's supper on my loosely covered belly, cover my face with some seaweed and lastly to burrow my exposed arm into the sand.

The rapidly rising sun had uncomfortably warmed the sand. I began to sweat last night's excesses. The rank seaweed filled my senses and my head pounded claustrophobically. Time passed slowly. Finally though the green cover I saw several gulls land nearby and peer at the offered bait with cock-headed suspicion. My stomach groaned in emptiness. I concentrated in an effort to remain still.

Suddenly with a keening squawk one flapped up and then down to land on me. In the same instant I brought my arms together to clasp the wilding struggling and crying bird. Within moments I had managed to wring it's neck suffering only several beak induced gashes to my arms.

In victory I held the bird above my head and screamed, "YES!"

"DAMN" Kimberly swore.

She had been knocking two coconuts together as she attempted to crack the hard shells. She had broken a nail off at the quick. She watched as blood beaded at the new wound, and she started to cry.

Kimberly had started the morning eager to prove her self-reliance and self-sufficiency. But as the hours progressed her efforts at foraging for food had been less than successful. She resigned herself to the fact that supper tonight was going to be quite meager at best. The only coconuts and fruit she had found on the ground were too hard, cracked open or were soft and mushy. She had been unsuccessful in throwing rocks to dislodge the less ripe fruit that dangled above her. She finally had to resort to trying to find any fallen debris that might at least have a semblance of being edible. Her early-day optimism had faded to a gray depression.

She would not allow herself to be dependant on a man. "Even a damn good-looking one," she told herself with a slight bitter smile. She shook her head in dismay at this fix she and the girls were in. "Mother must be frantic," she thought. Her mother had always made great attempts to de-glamorize Kimberly's pin-up career for the sake of the younger Brittany. But now Brittany was eighteen. She had graduated high school and had been accepted at a good college for the coming fall.

Once Kimberly had suggested this trip to her mother and younger sister, all maternal misgivings had been overwhelmed in the ensuing teenage excitement. "A simple trip to Hawaii," Kimberly remembered telling her mother. She tossed her long hair from her face and looked down the beach. "I hope those two are having better luck with fishing," she thought. Her stomach cramped when she looked back down at the fruit she had found.

I had discovered that fish seemed to school just off shore at a particular jutting section of beach. I had made several bamboo poles into pointed spears that I had over my shoulder as I walked the shoreline. At the crest of a large dune just above my destination I came across the two nude sunbathing teenagers. I came to an abrupt halt. Both girls glistened with oil, as they lay stretched out naked in the midday heat. They had found two blankets in the plane. The disturbed sand from my footsteps continued down the incline and the movement caused Jennifer to look up at me.

Our eyes met and I again felt that tingle of awareness of her sensuality. She was lying on her stomach and she raised herself to her elbows. Her breasts hung like firm ripe orbs. My attention focused on a drop of sweat, which had run down the slope of her breast and dangled from a pert nipple.

"Do you need something?" she asked me with a slight smile.

Brittany turned her head at the sound of her friend's voice. She was lying on her back. She followed Jennifer's gaze up to me.

Brittany let out a slight yelp of surprise and flipped over on her stomach. I had a momentary vision of her voluptuous nakedness. Brittany reached down and stretched the blanket so it partially covered her exposed bottom. She stared up at me wide-eyed.

But Jennifer was much less shy. Using her arms she pushed herself up and sat back on her heels. She made a casual attempt to cover her nudity. Her left arm shielded her breasts and with her right arm languorously pulled her long clinging hair off her neck and the slope of her breasts. She then rested this arm in her lap.

She was beautiful. Perhaps the proudly firm up-thrust breasts would be unexpected on such a slight frame. But her figure was not unbalanced. I saw no tan lines on her dark body. I realized she was very aware of her sexuality and I was again being challenged.

"Please, GO AWAY!" Brittany hissed.

I shifted my vision from Jennifer's brazenly naked display to Brittany's look of alarm and fear. The precepts of proper society kicked in along with my moral sense and I averted my eyes. I turned my back on the pair and offered my apologies as I walked away.

Later as I squatted by my fire filleting my day's catch I had a sudden powerful realization. My knife paused in mid-slice as I lost my concentration. I knew with a complete certainty that if Jennifer and I stayed much longer on this island we would sooner or later make love.

I had not been in a serious relationship for years. I had adopted a very relaxed attitude about sex and love. It suited my high-flying unbound lifestyle.

This just-discovered burning lust I had for Jennifer was an unfamiliar obsession. Just the thought of her caused me to take a deep breath. I had an almost visceral sensation of bending her lithe form over and fucking her. It was not gentle love play I was envisioning but hard pounding sex. The image of her seared my psyche and I felt my cock harden to a painfully tight erection in my shorts.

I stood and adjusted myself to a more comfortable position. With my hand on my penis I had a momentary urge to gain masturbatory release. I shook my head and laughed. "Damn, the sight of that young pussy makes me feel like I am eighteen again," I muttered to myself.

I looked out to the sea and wondered if this natural setting or all this seafood could somehow be loosening and heightening my civilized libido. I had not felt this driving urge for sex in years. It verged on an almost primal drive.

I again laughed at myself. "I will be grunting and carrying a club around if this keeps up."

The three girls slept. Brittany jerked slightly and moaned. Her hand slid down her flat stomach and gently caressed her vulva. She was very wet. Never fully awakening, she unconsciously used a finger to roll her engorged clitoris.

Brittany dreamt. In her dream she was in the deep jungle. She was naked and felt very vulnerable. She was being pursued. There was a powerful presence coming for her. The vines in the thick morass seemed to bind and hold her. She was unable to escape. She fell to the soft ground. Suddenly a large naked male form towered over her with a hugely jutting phallus. She wanted to beg not to be hurt. But she could not articulate the right words. She realized the presence could use her any way it desired.

This loss of control terrified but also excited her. She had never felt like this before. Suddenly the penis grew even larger so the demanding rampant organ filled the dreaming girl's vision. Then it erupted, spewing a torrent of hot thick sperm. It was as if Brittany was drowning under the unending torrent of cum. It filled her mouth and choked her. The heat of the flooding white spunk reached her loins and the young girl responded with a resulting powerful orgasm.

Brittany's cries and thrashing awoke her nearby older sibling. Kimberly lifted herself from a prone position to observe her sister. Brittany lay on her back with her t-shirt pulled up, her head thrown back and her legs splayed open lewdly. Her fingers were buried deep in her gaping sex as she wildly fingered herself. Kimberly was shocked at her younger sister's wanton behavior. She abruptly realized the teenager was asleep.

Kimberly reached over to gently shake her sister. "Oh Brittany, please stop," she whispered and pleaded so not awake the nearly Jennifer.

Brittany's eyes came open suddenly as she awoke. She jerked her hands from her sex. Her fingers glistened in the moonlight with vaginal secretions. There was a hot smell of female arousal in the air.

Brittany turned her head to her older sister. "It was just a dream. Oh God, but it was so real." Brittany then breathlessly whispered a description of the terrible nightmare to the wide-eyed Kimberly.

Later after Brittany had drifted off in to a fitful sleep Kimberly lay beside her wide-awake and thinking. She knew very well who the menacing male presence was. Kimberly felt helpless as she pondered the fact that civilization with its laws, societal norms and precepts was thousands of miles away. She began to quietly cry, as she fully comprehended the natural role of the weaker sex.
Chapter 4
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 4: The First Week
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

That morning I had seen the three females in the distance. They were out in the surf attempting to catch fish.

Not since the last storm had I seen smoke issue from their campsite. I briefly wondered if the girls had developed a taste for sushi. I was soon to get my answer.

Later that evening I was having some success catching large crabs under rocks in a tide pool. I heard some splashing and turned. Brittany and Jennifer were standing behind me in the in the shallow water.

"We're really hungry," Brittany said. "I can't eat anymore fruit, we can't knock down any good coconuts and we can't catch any good fish. All we can find to eat are dead fish the seagulls have left."

"We are starving," Jennifer spoke up. "There's no more food in the plane. Please help us." They did look wanly forlorn.

I stood before them. "You heard my rules. You want to eat?"

The two exchanged a quick nervous look. Jennifer spoke again "We have both done it with guys but Brittany doesn't like kissing guys down there like that, you know. She said she saw you and you're too big. You really scare her. But I would do it to you, but please don't make me do the other."

I smiled. "What other?" I asked softly.

She flushed deeply and looked down. "You know what you said... About using my bottom."

I laughed, making her blush again with acute shyness. Brittany stood quietly by her friend watching me.

"What about your sister? Have you told her your decision?" I asked.

"No," Brittany said not meeting my eye. "Kimberly would kill us if she knew we were here. She looked up at me. "You know she would freak out if she knew what you said to Jennifer about having sex." She looked to her friend then back again to me, "But we think you're cute. I have never been with an older guy."

Then she looked away from me and said in a shy voice, "Maybe you could go real slow at first."

I stood examining the two teens as if I was debating my choices. "You understand what I want?" I asked. "You will do just what I say... always. If you don't I will whip your bare asses with a switch."

This brought a startled exchange of looks between the two. "Brittany, you will suck my cock every day until I cum in your mouth and you will swallow every drop. I will fuck you both however and whenever I want.

"Jennifer, the first place I will do it will be right up that cute ass of yours" Sternly I added, "Those are the rules.

"Now if you two agree, come up to my camp. But leave all your clothes on the beach. You will come ready to be obedient, good little slave girls"

I smiled to myself at their wide-eyed shocked expressions. Deliberately I turned and walked away up the beach.

I had no sooner finished setting the wet palm frond-wrapped shellfish in the hot coals of my campfire than I heard the approaching swish of bare feet in the sand. I turned and had a very memorable vision of the two nakedly nubile teenagers standing just inside the circle of dancing firelight. I motioned for them to come closer to me.

The two nervously shuffled closer and then seemed to shrink under my close scrutiny as I stood up and circled them. Their blatant exposure caused both girls to squirm. Brittany seemed to be fighting a powerful urge to cover her complete nudity with her shyly fluttering hands.

"Drop those hands," I ordered.

Watching each other and me they slowly obeyed. Each girl in her own way was a stunning beauty. I noticed that neat bikini trims were in style this year. I stood before Brittany and reached up and with both hands cupped her generously full young breasts, which I squeezed so my fingers sunk into the firm mass. I noted she had goose bumps and was blushing. She had been holding her breath under my rough caresses. She had her eyes closed and her lips slightly parted. I rolled her nipples with my thumbs and she exhaled and then took a deep breath. Her breasts seemed to expand in my hands. Her eyes came open and met mine. I leaned in to kiss her forcing my tongue into her mouth. Her tongue met mine almost shyly.

I broke the kiss and whispered in her ear as I squeezed her lush bosom, "I can't wait to feel those lips on my cock. You will learn to love sucking my dick and if you don't always swallow all my cum, I will spank you."

She stiffened and my squeezing fingers felt a tremor run through her.

I stood back and I pushed my shorts down to my ankles and kicked them away. My engorged erection jerked as it throbbed. I wanted to fuck something immediately. But, I took a deep breath and resolved to go very slowly and fully savor this memorable moment.

Both girls made several furtive glances down at my cock.

"Your little boyfriends have anything like this?" I asked.

Brittany jerked her eyes away but Jennifer seemed mesmerized by my penis. I took her hand and placed it on the head of my dick. She immediately gently squeezed it and a large drop of semi-clear precum emerged.

"Jennifer," I said, "lick that up."

Her eyes came up to meet mine in a questioning manner.

"You know what I mean," I said.

She glanced quickly at her girlfriend then bent forward and licked the pearl of cum off my prick with her extended tongue. It was a hotly silken sensation that sent sparks to my brain. She stood up.

"Always swallow." I placed a finger to her lips. Her lips pursed and her slender throat convulsed. "Good girl" I said.

"Yummy." she joked looking at her friend. The teenagers giggled. The tension in the air lessened

Her dainty hand looked tiny on my erection. She brought her other hand over and joining her hands together began to slowly pump me.

I brought my hand up to her head and lifted her chin so her eyes rose to meet mine.

"Do you like your new Master's cock, Jennifer?" She blinked her eyes self-consciously in my stare. I ran my thumb across her pouting lower lip. "Jennifer?" I asked again

She answered with a shyly quiet, "Yes."

"You must say it so Brittany can hear you," I commanded.

She shook her hair from her face, opened her eyes, and looked at her friend and than back at me. "I love my Master's cock," she said. Then she smiled tentatively up at me. This newfound power was intoxicating.

I reached up to cup a very firm peach-sized breast. I thumbed the tiny pert nipple that immediately tautened under my caresses. I ran my hands behind her and down, pulling her against me in a tight embrace. I held her by a handful of very tight ass. She continued to stroke my cock, which was pressed between us. I let my index finger explore between her cheeks and gently circled the bud of her anus. She gasped and her face came up. I kissed her open mouth and her lips moved against mine. Our tongues intertwined. Her hands went around my back to hold me. I could tell she was trying to act very mature and experienced for me. But her shaking body betrayed her.

I broke the kiss and turned to Brittany who was watching us closely. "Are you hungry?" I asked.

Both girls began to earnestly describe to me how hungry they were and when they had eaten last.

The crabs had begun to snap and steam within the sizzling palm frond wrappings. I flipped the crustaceans from the fire and unwrapped supper. The two naked teenagers crouched beside me watching my movements closely. I thought to myself that modesty could be lost so easily. I broke open one of the brittle pinchers and pulled a large piece of steaming aromatic white flesh from a claw. I held it up and took a bite from it.

"Now that is good," I proclaimed.

Both of the girls were staring at the piece of food with a wide-eyed need. I stood above the two girls who looked up at me. I held it toward Brittany who reached for it. "No" I said, "Your Master will feed you"

I held it to her and she cocked her head, opened her mouth for the proffered food. I pulled it from her mouth as she bit off a piece. She closed her eyes and chewed. "Mmmmm," she said and smiled up at me. There was juice on her lower lip.

I ran a finger over her parted mouth catching the residue "Get it all!"

Her tongue came up and slowly circled my finger. She licked it clean. Her eyes never left the piece of meat.

Jennifer had scooted next to her friend and moved from a crouch to a kneeling position. She smiled up at me expectantly and parted her lips in anticipation of a treat.

"You son of a bitch!" I heard an angry scream from behind me. A furious Kimberly came into the firelight. Screaming, she told me she would see me in jail for life. She described me as a low-life pervert.

She grabbed her sister's arm and jerked her to her feet. She attempted to grab the other teenager.

But Jennifer turned, jumped out of her reach and ran behind me. I felt her hands on my back as she peered around me at the irate woman.

Kimberly stood holding Brittany glaring at me. "You'll pay for this, you bastard," she hissed. "These girls are only eighteen years old!"

"Just wait till I tell your mother, Jennifer." She lowered her tone. "I know the way she is and you know what will happen to you"

"Okay, Okay," Jennifer said and came from behind me to slowly walk to Kimberly.

"Where are your clothes? Kimberly asked the two girls and then proceeded to pull the unresisting Brittany behind her into the darkness in the indicated direction. Jennifer started to follow, stopped and looked over her shoulder at me.

"Wait," I said. I flipped the other still unwrapped hot shellfish so it dropped in cool dry frond.

"Here" holding it to her. She ran to me grabbed it and quickly pressed her naked body against me, bending her head back and standing on her tiptoes to kiss me. "See ya... Boss... " she whispered, then gave me a huge smile and ran after the two other females. I watched her tight little ass disappear into the darkness.

After leaving Taylor's camp Kimberly had immediately begun to hotly lecture the teenagers on their behavior. Jennifer suddenly halted, knelt down in the sand and unwrapped the steaming crab she was carrying. At the sight of the food Kimberly quickly forgot her anger. The starving females huddled around the feast and devoured it. There was little sound except the crash of waves and the cracking of the shells. Kimberly thought nothing before in her life had tasted so wonderful.

Now later back at their campsite, Kimberly had attempted to renew her scolding rebuke. She was made aware by eating Taylor's food she had lost the high ground of the argument. The two teenagers were not going to accept any civilized notions of proper behavior or what was right and wrong. When Kimberly realized she was losing the debate, she became even more furious and had stomped out of the campsite. She was so upset with the turn of events that she decided to take a long walk on the beach to regain her composure.

As she walked, she replayed the evening in her mind. At dusk she had gone looking for the missing girls. She had come upon the trio and had stood just outside the reach of the firelight. She had silently witnessed the abject subjection of her charges. She shook her head as if to rid herself of the remembered image of her little sister kneeling nakedly servile at Taylor's feet. She had been unabashedly shocked at the sight of Taylor's impressively sized erection. She had stood mesmerized, as she had secretly observed the sexily charged tableau.

Guiltily she realized it was the sight of the food and Taylor's teasing actions that had finally caused her to lose her temper and enter the camp. She, too, was very hungry and the sight of Taylor cruelly making the two starved girls seemingly have to beg for the food was too much for her to bear.

Now she felt so helpless in slowing this seeming exorable degradation of the order of things. She stopped walking and pounded her clenched hand against her thigh.

"I can't go back to that. Not again." She hotly added, "I can't let a man use and control me like that again."

She knew from her first sight of Taylor that he was big trouble. He had that ruggedly tall and lean muscular look that she found so overwhelmingly irresistible in a man. It was her deepest fear for someone like him to see through all her carefully built emotional walls and defenses and to know her true inner self. She knew her nature and how she could fall into the obsessive trap of wanting to please and submit to a particularly strong masculine influence. In this unknown and frightening predicament she was in, she knew how easy it would be to turn total control over to Taylor. She feared if he ever had an inclination of her submissive nature he could exploit her body and soul.

"Oh I can't stand this. I worked too hard to change myself." Back home in L.A. she had spent years in therapy and self-help learning how to overcome this weakness. Like a recovering alcoholic learned to avoid bars, she had learned to never be placed in a position of powerlessness. Over the years she had established a tight network of fellow afflicted women who were only a phone call away. She had carefully built step by step a well-crafted aura of an independent woman. She had become a virtual standard-bearer and spokesperson for the anonymous group. At the last group national convention she had been the keynote speaker. She had been introduced as "a successful woman who has risen above the confines of a male dominant world". The cruel trick fate had played on her was all so ironic. It was so unfair.

She suddenly had a premonition. She saw herself kneeling slavishly naked at Taylor's feet. The most terrible reality of the image was that it excited her. She knew she, too, could eagerly beg for little treats from his fingers.

On the deserted beach a lone figure falls to the sand and begins to cry in despair. The ebbing tide pooled. Luminous life forms highlighted the muted dark ocean. The Southern Cross was brilliant in the blackness of the heavens. Across the vastness countless streaking meteors fell to the earth leaving intensely bright traces. These distant lights caused an indistinct reflection on the rolling pitch sea.
Chapter 5
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 5: Interlude: The Dream Girl
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

Kimberly wondered how some men could seem intuitively to sense her vulnerability.

She had been a varsity cheerleader at a large Mid-Western college. Once during a nationally broadcast bowl game her image had been flashed across television screens across the country. She had seen the clip. Her team had just scored and she was doing a jumping routine with joyous abandon. She had been a memorable vision of long flying blonde hair and bouncing tits. The next week she had been offered a lucrative offer from an agent of a major men's magazine to pose nude for a pictorial.

Kimberly had not been a prude. She was proud of her physique and beauty. She had worked out hard daily for years to be in the shape she was. Despite her mother's misgivings she had signed the contract.

When her photo spread hit the newsstands it was as her life went into high gear. Doors opened and many new opportunities had been presented to her. She began to live faster. She had placed her academic career on hold and had focused on her exciting new life on the west coast. It was during this period that she first met the movie actor, Andrew Holt.

Andrew had captivated her from the moment she had been introduced to him and he had taken her hand and looked deeply into her eyes. Kimberly had been swept off her feet. That first night they had drifted from parties to nightclubs with a group of friends. She had found herself in his arms on the dance floor and later that night in his bed.

Kimberly had boyfriends and healthy sex was a part of her vigorous lifestyle like working out at the gym. But Andrew had opened her eyes to unexplored regions of sensual experience. He had been a consummate lover. She would respond powerfully to the simple touch of his hand. He had also quickly become a powerful and controlling presence in her life. Besides his extraordinary good looks, he had a manner about him that Kimberly had found irresistible. He eventually was to own her body and soul.

The next year was a roller-coaster ride. Her life suddenly focused on orbiting around Andrew Holt. She had been very much in love with him. Looking back now, it had been beyond love, it had been an obsession. She became completely devoted to him. She had fallen into a submissive role without even understanding what he was demanding of her. She could not say no to him. In time she had learned that Andrew had other lovers.

This had ultimately resulted in Kimberly's first lesson in discipline. Furiously she had confronted him with her knowledge and his betrayal. He had laughed in her face. Hysterically she had thrown herself at him trying to scratch his eyes out. He had easily handled her and within moments the struggling girl had found herself with her jeans and panties down at her knees and her body draped over his lap. He had spanked her like a little girl till she had cried and begged him to stop.

He had then unceremoniously dumped her between his legs and ordered her to suck him off. She had meekly obeyed. Cringing before him her mouth full of his penis he had told her the new rules. She belonged to him and she was not to ever question him. From then on he would take care of her. She had a momentary sense of profound unreal ness. She had started to pull her mouth away to protest and he had placed his hand on her head to hold her in place.

"You have much to learn little Kimberly," he whispered. "Don't talk. Just suck."

That was the basis of the relationship from that point on. Kimberly was not permitted to leave his estate for the next year. It was not as if she was a prisoner, she just had nowhere else to go.

Despite herself, she had overtime reacted to this situation in a surprising way. Andrew told her she was a born submissive. Her career and life went on hold. She focused even more completely on Andrew.

But with the passage of months, he had become bored with her. He visited his estate less frequently. Then one day she had been called to his office. He had told her that he had arranged a career opportunity for her. He said she was to meet people who would give her big time promotion and distribution. He told her that he would take care of her as he always promised.

She had been ecstatic at this news and had hugged him with joy. He told her they were to meet the producer and some other important people that night and she should get ready. He then added he had bought a new outfit for her to wear and he would bring it to her bedroom. He had excellent taste and had been choosing her wardrobe for some time. She had not given his slightly quizzical comments another thought as she had hurried off to prepare herself.

After she had showered, done her hair and make-up, she checked her bedroom for her evening's apparel. A tiny black garter belt and a pair of sheer black silk stockings were laid out on her bed. Aligned on the floor was a pair of shiny black ultra high stiletto heels. She giggled at Andrews' romantically sexy gesture. She had sat and pulled the stockings up to her thighs. She had carefully aligned the silken seams and then attached the dainty lace garter belt about her waist.

After strapping on the heels she looked at her image in the full-length mirror. She turned herself this way and that. She knew she was an erotic vision. Andrew had told she had been designed by nature to make men crazy with want. He called her a dream girl.

"Every man's dream but his, of course," she added under her breath.

She giggled and walked over to her closet to see what else Andrew had bought her. There was nothing new there. She was puzzled for a moment, and then decided possibly it had not been delivered yet. She checked the time and saw the guests would not arrive for another hour. She sat on her bed and waited.

Time passed and she became alarmed. She was never permitted to call his room. So she sat nervously watching the minutes pass. When she heard voices downstairs, she realized the guests had arrived. Alarmed, she had stood and gone to her door to peer out. At that moment Andrew entered.

"There you are," he said with a big smile. "And so beautiful and sexy... "

She had gone into his arms.

"Andrew, I can't find what I am to wear tonight," she told him.

"Well, my little one, that is because I have it here," he replied. He held up his hand. A leather dog collar and leash dangled from his fingers.

Kimberly giggled, "Oh please, Andrew, don't tease me. The guests are here and I need more time to finish getting ready."

Andrew had reached up to her neck and fastened the collar. He held the leash and stood back. He tugged the leash slightly and Kimberly felt herself pulled.

"You are now ready Kimberly. You are to be the guest of honor tonight," he told her.

She was horrified. She knew him well enough to know he never joked and that he was very serious.

"Oh God! Please no Andrew. Don't make me do this! Please don't humiliate me."

He smiled slightly and reached up to hook a finger under the collar. He lifted her so she tottered in her extreme heels. She had squealed and futilely grabbed at his arm.

"Now Kimberly, you know the rules here. Don't you dare cry and smear that makeup," he whispered in her ear. "Now if you want real humiliation, you can go down there with your ass spanked beet red.

"Now these are important men and they are all big admirers of yours." He held her face inches from his. "You will go downstairs and do exactly as I tell you. Do you understand this?"

He was choking her and all she could do was nod.

"Good girl!" He released her. She fell gasping to the floor at his feet.

"Now you have five minutes to get yourself together. Put some rouge on those nipples to highlight them, too." He then left.

Sitting this night on the beach recalling that evening's events caused her to begin crying again. Even four years later and she still couldn't understand why or how she did it.

Andrew had led her into the crowded room, which had been filled with formally dressed men. He had led her around the room of males who almost casually appraised her degradation.

She had recognized several of the men as high-level film industry executives.

Andrew had handed her leash to an older seated gentleman. Kimberly looked at Andrew and then at her new restraint holder. She felt completely hollow inside. She knew he was the chairman of one of the largest studios in the country.

Like a kindly grand father he had smiled up at her. Tugging on her leash he indicated for her to kneel.

She obeyed flushing with embarrassment. He had laid his hand on her head and run his fingers possessively through her blonde mane. "Well, Miss December, I see Andrew has trained you well. My name is Mister Golding. Now I will take care of you."

She had turned her head to look at Andrew but he had walked away and had his back to her as he engaged in conversation with other men.

Kimberly turned back to her newfound patron.

He again smiled at her kindly. You will do fine, little girl." he had said. "Just do always as I say and I will take good care of you." Then the old dear had done something that had just saved Kimberly's losing hold on her sanity. He leaned forward and whispered in her ear, "Just bear this for a few more moments and I will cover you. Andrew is a total ass for this little demonstration and it seems he has left us both at a disadvantage. Just hang on for a few moments more."

Kimberly had held on. It seemed an eternity she had knelt there on naked display in the middle of a room full of men. Then Golding stood and led her from the room. In the anteroom he had opened the hall closet and pulled out a thick half-length mink coat. With a slight smile he held it up so she could slip into it.

Gratefully she pulled the fur about herself. It was heavily luxurious. In time she would learn all Golding's gifts were calculated. The coat was cut deeply. By pushing her hands deep in the pockets she was able just to close the wrap. But it was nearly impossible to not reveal a deep expanse of exposed cleavage. She understood immediately she would be unable to sit or walk in a decent manner. She looked up at Golding. He smiled at her.

"You are too lovely to keep completely covered up, my little toy," he told her softy.

This is the way it began for her and Mr. Golding. She was to find out she was at the end of a long chain of females possessed by him. They had established an unspoken agreement. He would take care of her and she was to be his special pet. That consisted of her being there when he wanted her. At 80 he was visually oriented. He wanted to look at her. They had several occasions where sex had been attempted and once he had achieved an erection and an orgasm. He had been so thrilled, he had bought her a new sports car the next day.

Mr. Golding had been very good to her. He had not only insisted on her finishing her degree but had introduced her to people in the industry. He had become a father figure, mentor and friend. He had told her, "In this town everyone has to kiss someone's ass. The trick is learning when to recognize the proper time for someone to return the favor."

The several Hollywood events he had taken her to had resulted in a plethora of tabloid pictures and speculation. But all of that was immaterial to her new passion of film production. She had a developing gift for large scale organizing of seemingly unrelated factors. She had used Mr. Golding's money and made him much more. And he had responded generously.

When he died she found that he had left her enough assets that she would never have to really kiss anyone's ass again. When her old friends from the men's magazine called her about doing an anniversary pictorial spread, she declined their very reasonable offer.

"I am retired," she had told them with a laugh.

With her career becoming more promising, she had become more independent. In fact she now considered herself to be fiercely independent. She had sworn to herself that no man would ever control her destiny again.

Through her past generous contacts she had made some wise investments and now had her own small production company.

She had been negotiating with Talbot for his investment in her company when he had suggested she accompany him on his little sightseeing expedition to the South Seas. She was enough of a Hollywood veteran to sense ulterior motives in this trip, but Talbot was a very high-level reputable financer.

By chance her just-graduated little sister and girlfriend was staying over at Kimberly's condo in L.A. She had told Talbot that was the reason she needed to stay in town. He wouldn't hear of it. He said it would be a great educational experience for the girls. "A rare chance to see some of the un-traveled world." he proclaimed. Once the two teenagers had heard of the opportunity there was no going back.

Kimberly thought ruefully, and I thought having them along might keep me out of trouble.
Chapter 6
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 6: The Second Week
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

As Taylor's hunting skills become more adept he has more time to explore his environment.

I followed the stream into the jungle upward toward the crests of the large hills hazily seen in the distance. Within an hour I had surmounted the heights and surveyed my domain. My assumptions were verified; we were stranded on an island.

I had worked up a sweat during my trek home so I stopped below a newly discovered waterfall and rinsed off. I climbed up on the nearby sun-baked flat rocks to dry and dozed off to be awakened by girlish laughter that rose above the constant roar of the waterfall.

Rolling over, I looked over the ledge into the pool below me. Two naked teenagers were having some fun swimming and splashing each other. I lay there and watched when I realized I was almost guiltily hiding there with a throbbing erection. I pulled myself up and whistled. The two girls looked up, smiled and waved. I motioned for them to come up. I saw them glancing back at their piled clothes on the bank and I whistled again and motioned impatiently. Both girls began swimming toward me.

I lay back in the sun and waited; within moments the two dripping wet energetic girls joined me. Jennifer was talking as soon as she crested the rock telling me what a complete asshole Kimberly was. She paused for a moment when she saw I was naked and saw my state of arousal. She took her eyes off my erect cock, looked me in the eyes, gave me a smile and started talking again. "Kimberly is such a bitch," she said "We're really sorry about the other night." She looked over her shoulder as the equally nubile Brittany joined us.

I noticed both girls knelt modestly with their knees together and their weight back on their heels. The water dripped from them puddling the rock at their feet. Their previous display of nakedness had been at night. This seemed so bold in the revealing light of day.

'Thanks for the dinner," Brittany said with a huge smile. "Sorry about my sister."

"You know that Kimberly ate that food too," Jennifer told me indignantly. "And she didn't have to take her clothes off!"

"Give me a kiss, girls," I interrupted their awkwardly nervous chatter.

Jennifer smiled, immediately bent forward and gave me a sweet kiss on my lips. When she started to sit back I said, "Jennifer, a slave girl should always kiss her Master as a lover."

She was poised on her hands above me looking down into my eyes. She blinked, parted and wet her lips then leaned forward placing her hands for support on both sides of my face. She kissed as a passionately as a mature woman. After a moment I brought my hand up to her chin and broke the kiss. She modestly sank back away from me as if embarrassed by her bold wantonness.

"Brittany's turn," I said turning to the other girl.

She was watching her friend. She met my eye then leaned forward with her face coming toward mine.

"No," I held up a restraining hand. "You start by kissing your Master's cock."

Her glaze shifted quickly to my upstanding hard-on. She sat back. "Oh no," she said in a meek tone. "Please... I have never done that."

Jennifer spoke up. "Oh go on, you big baby. It's fun."

The young girl was plainly distraught. "You're too big," she said looking at my cock.

"Her boyfriend is not big like that," Jennifer spoke up laughing.

Brittany shot her friend a dirty look.

"Just take it step by step," I said, "First, just hold it"

She shifted her eyes to see if I was teasing her. Then she slowly reached out and I felt her wet warm hand gently touch my penis.

"Good girl!" I said encouragingly. "Now pump it. You won't hurt me"

I sat up and shifted myself around so she was kneeling between my spread legs. Then I propped myself up on my elbows. I wanted never to forget this vision. This beautiful young blonde was tentatively stroking me. Her full breasts jiggled as she concentrated on her task.

"That feels good," I said. " You might become a very good slave girl."

She became self-consciously shy under my stare and blushed. "I want to do it right," she said quietly.

"Oh, look!" Jennifer exclaimed. She pointed at the bead of seminal fluid issuing from the tip of my organ. Jennifer went to her hands and knees and leaned forward with a swish of wet brown hair across my stomach. I felt a light suction on my cock and with a sudden wet "slurp" she disengaged and sat back up. "It's good Britie," she giggled.

Brittany was watching her friend closely.

"Really" Jennifer said, "Taste it"

Brittany scooted in closer between my straddling legs. She looked up at me and I smiled at her. She looked down at her task. Bending my dick toward her face she lightly kissed the head of my cock. She looked up at me, the penis inches from her mouth, as if to ask, what next?

"Now suck it," I said simply.

She leaned forward and took the mushroom head into her mouth. I saw her cheeks hollow and felt a delicious pressure on my cock.

Jennifer put her hand on the back of Brittany's head and pushed down. "Go up and down and use your tongue, Brittany. Don't be afraid. Just let everything go," she said encouragingly

I immediately felt her tongue flicking about the bulbous head. I took a deep breath and lay back.

Grabbing Jennifer's arm, I pulled her slight frame across my chest in a hot embrace. I started kissing her as I ran my hand down to her pert ass. Again I probed at her anus. She murmured in my embrace and squirmed.

"Please," she said just taking her lips from mine.

Then she immediately shot her tongue between my lips to begin another passionate kiss. I wondered for a moment what she was asking for and pushed my finger against her sphincter. Her mouth opened against mine, she shifted herself and made a humming sound. I slid my finger down to her cleft. It felt like a tender fleshy flower. Rolling her clit I was delighted to find a fully aroused bud. Jennifer was already excited. Her vagina was hot and wet. I stroked her and immediately she thrust herself into me grinding those pert nipples hard against my chest.

I broke the kiss. Both of us where breathing hard. We stared into each other's eyes as I fingered her.

Looking down at my novice cocksucker I decided she deserved an "A" for effort. The young fellatrix had her eyes tightly closed in concentration as her head bobbed up and down on my glistening penis. She performed the task with a controlled precise rhythm.

"Relax, Brittany," I said

Jennifer had turned her head and was watching her too. "Pretend it's a big candy sucker," she volunteered lightly.

Brittany opened her eyes and looked up at us. My cock looked particularly enormous and out of place with her lips tightly sucking it and her sweet young face almost innocently blinking in our scrutiny.

Holding the cock in her hand she let it slide from her mouth. She self-consciously smiled at us.

"You like sucking your Master's cock, Brittany?" I asked very seriously.

The blonde teenager's cheeks reddened slightly and she averted her eyes from mine. "It's okay," she said looking back at up at me shyly. "I can do it more if you want me too" She then turned to her friend and stuck her tongue out.

I propped myself up on my elbows. Brittany again stuck out her tongue but this time she lapped my cock from base to tip. She held the cock to her mouth and rapidly swirled her tongue around the tip watching my reaction. My toes curled involuntarily as I took a deep breath. I suddenly realized that keeping the upper hand with these two vivacious youngsters was going to be a full-time task.
Chapter 7
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 7
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The tropical ocean breeze gently rustled the overhanging palms. A large brilliantly colored bird swooped over the grotto. It squawked and twisted in flight at the sight of unaccustomed intruders in its domain. Below the steaming cloud of mist from the roaring waterfall three bodies lay inter-coupled on a flat rock. The beams of diffused afternoon sunlight cause their nakedness to glisten from sexual exertion. There was a wild uninhibited aspect to this primeval scene.

I had a firm hold on the squirming Jennifer. The flat of my hand was between the cleft of her buttocks with my index finger doing a vigorous stroking of her young labia. Her kisses had become very demanding and almost frantic as she held herself tightly against me.

Brittany had continued her investigation of the newfound mysteries of a male's genitalia. I had felt some light kisses on my scrotum, and then taking a bold step she had taken my balls in her mouth to gently suck. I looked down to see she had laid herself flat with her face buried between my open thighs. All I could she was a mass of blonde hair below my cock and her fist slowly pumping me. I had a moment's intuition about Brittany's earnest desire to please me that I mentally filed away for future consideration.

With an almost uncontrolled jerk Jennifer hissed and I felt her spasm on my hand. Her mouth locked on mine and her darting tongue thrust deep into my mouth.

"Oh... Oh... " she moaned. She ground against my hand and came again.

Her rocking head came up and our eyes met. She rotated her hips on the pivot of my finger. She gave me an open-mouthed grin and kissed me several more times about my face.

"That was so good," she whispered, stretching out her words. She had her bent knee across my stomach almost straddling me.

I think Jennifer had bumped the sucking blonde's head with her orgasmic squirming. I had felt a tug on my balls but the very focused cocksucker had not been deterred from her oral duties. In fact I felt a hot teenage tongue exploring the base of my scrotum and even beyond. Obligingly I opened my thighs and I felt her face press deep into my recesses and a wet tongue tip probe about my anus.

I became very aware of a rising need for release.

I pulled my finger from the teenager's hot little pussy. I pulled my secretion-soaked hand up her back and placed it against her face. She immediately smelled her sex as I ran a finger across her noise and lips.

"Eeeeugh!" she wrinkled her noise. "Don't do that!"

I held the fragrant finger against her tightly closed lips.

"Lick it clean, little slave," I ordered smiling. I rubbed the wet finger back and forth coating both her lips so they glistened. She turned her face away.

"Oh, no," she said negatively. "Ugh!"

I reached down and brought my hand up and down and SMACK caught a firm bare ass cheek with a full open palm slap. Her head jerked back and she looked at me in amazement and alarm.

"Jennifer, you will learn to do as you're told or I will whip you like a bad little girl," I told her very earnestly. I rested my hand on her butt, which I then squeezed in a possessive manner. I saw the beginnings of a new understanding of our relationship in her eyes. Then she laid her head on my chest.

Brittany's ministrations had taken an upward slant at the sound of the spanking. I could feel her tongue slowly lapping the length of my penis. I imagine her eyes were open and she was peering up at us.

"It is time for little Jenny to get her ass fucked," I said. That brought Jennifer's head up to meet my stare. I smiled at her.

"I think I saw some aloe growing below the rock," I said to her. "Go break off a couple of those big thick leaves and bring them up here." I reached down and slapped her butt again and added, "Now!"

She sat up and I saw a hand go back to rub her abused butt, but she stood up, turned and stepped down and out of sight with an over the shoulder glance at us.

I wrapped my fingers behind my head for support and smiled at Brittany, the new apprentice cocksucker.

She had my salvia-soaked cock against her face as her tongue slowly circled its circumference. Her mouth and face were glistening from what looked like a combination of sustained fellatio, spit and seminal secretions. Her eyes came up and she saw my knowing smile. She quickly averted her eyes and I saw her fair skin blush again.

"You may become my favorite cocksucking slave," I said emphasizing "cock". Her eyes came up again and she saw my mocking smile. She blushed deeper but now with downcast eyes she continued earnestly at her task.

"Wipe off your face and come up here and kiss me, little girl," I said.

She looked up, the penis head held gently between her lips, let it slide out almost reluctantly and pushed herself up and onto her hands and knees. She obediently wiped her mouth and face with her forearm and began to crawl up my body.

"Stop!" I commanded. "Rub those big titties on my cock."

She looked down then lowered herself so her full orbs mashed down on both sides of my cock. She began to slide up and down so my penis was squeezed in that tight velvet canyon. She looked up at me with an adorable innocence to see if she was pleasing me.

"You're a good girl," I told her. She smiled at my praise.

"Slide up here," I said. The tight-bodied nymph snaked upward to kiss my waiting lips. She had a bigger mouth and fuller lips than Jennifer and it was a change of pace as she kissed me in a startlingly demanding fashion.

At that moment Jennifer climbed back on the rock with a handful of the thick cactus-like stalks.

She sat down beside us. I broke the kiss. "Fun time!" I exclaimed smiling at Jennifer.

I arranged the quietly pliable but apprehensive Jennifer in the position I desired. I had to slap her butt one more time as she had stiffened having become very conscious of her open exposure and vulnerability. She was on her knees with her ass sticking up and her head resting on her folded arms. She was watching me over her shoulder with some trepidation as I situated myself behind her. I opened her cheeks with my thumbs and nestled my cock in her tight valley. I broke opened an aloe leaf and squeezed a big dollop of the white cool cream on my penis.

"Rub this in, Brittany," I ordered.

Brittany knelt beside us and stretched a finger out to rub the cream about my cock head. I squirted more aloe.

"Rub some IN her butt, too," I said.

Brittany abruptly sat back on her heels. "Oh no!" she exclaimed. "That's too gay."

Without a moment's consideration, my hand went out and I slapped her face with an open palm. She jerked back, brought her hand to her reddened cheek and looked at me in wide-eyed shock. Then she began to cry.

I reached out and grabbed her wrist pulling her to me until our faces were inches apart.

"Brittany, this is the last time I will tell you this. When I say do something, you better do it right now or I will slap the crap out of you. Understand?"

She stared at me blinking and sniffing.

"Now just do it!" I said sternly placing her hand on Jennifer's ass. Jennifer was watching her friend's submission tableau with wide-eyed attention.

Still sniffing, the compliant teenager began tentatively to rub cream on her friend's backside.

"Down in," I ordered, watching her.

She looked at me and then with downcast eyes slid her greasy fingers between Jennifer's cheeks. Jennifer shifted and took a deep breath when Brittany's cool creamy fingers contacted her anus. Brittany leaned forward to observe more closely what she was doing. Without encouragement, she worked the aloe into the puckered sphincter. She looked up at me for reassurance.

"Good girl," I said reaching my hand down and patting her butt.

I pulled back my well-lubricated cock and pushed forward against Jennifer's tightness.

"Brittany, guide my cock into Jennifer's ass," I said bluntly.

Tamely the teenager grasped my penis at its thick root and peered down to see what she was doing. She rubbed the tip of my dick against her friend's anus and looked up at me. "Push right there," she said softly.

Holding Jennifer's slim hips I pushed forward, my cock pushing against the sphincter ring. I felt myself push past the ring so the head was enclosed by an exquisite tightness. I stopped to savor the intense sensation.

Immediately Jennifer moaned and cried. "Oh no way! Too big! Oh too big!" She clenched her teeth and winced her pretty face. But she bravely did not pull from away from the painful assault on her most private area.

"You will do this, Jennifer," I said firmly. "Now relax back here."

I stingingly slapped one of her compact ass cheeks with my free hand while holding her with the other.

She took several deep breaths and I felt a slight loosening of the grasping pressure. I began a slow, almost hesitant, back and forth piston movement and felt myself slowly gain entrance.

"Oh man! Oh man, that hurts so bad," she said weakly. "You're splitting me!"

"You have to learn this, Jennifer," I said almost sympathetically. "I will want you to be able to do this for me. This is such a sweet little ass." I gently squeezed both cheeks as I drove very slowly in and out.

I looked at the very attentive Brittany who had sat back on her heels to watch her friend's anal violation.

"Brittany," I said, "reach down there and finger-fuck Jennifer's pussy."

Brittany's eyes widened. She shook her head negatively and her mouth came open to protest. I brought my hand up and she winced. I placed my hand over her mouth.

"Now do what I say, Brittany." I used my no-nonsense tone.

She bit her lower lip, blushed deeply, but reached her hand under her friend's up-thrust midsection.

"Touch her just like you touch your own pussy, Brittany," I said lightly.

She was leaning into her friend as she arranged herself for comfortable access. She looked up at me with a quick guilty look, blushing furiously.

"You'll give me a private show later fingering your little puss, Brittany," I said with a knowing and mocking smile.

Brittany would not meet my stare but closed her eyes and laid her head on her friend's back. Her searching fingers must have found their goal. Jennifer squirmed and again moaned.

"Oh! What are you doing to me? Oh... No... No... No."

Brittany's arm was making a sawing motion. I felt Jennifer suddenly loosen. When she relaxed, my cock slid in her anus several inches and the petite teenager had a resulting highly evident orgasm. She made a keening sound and made some slight spastic return thrusts back into me.

"This is so bad," Jennifer moaned very quietly. I could see she was crying. "I don't want to like this."

I began a more vigorous thrusting. Holding her hips, I rocked her as I forced against her young backside. It was a very sweet moment. But I did not prolong it, as I had needed to get off for days. I pulled from the tight channel, rested the cock between those hard cheeks and let go. It was a hard release and sperm sprayed across the reposing Brittany's cheek.

"Oh, nasty!" she exclaimed and started to jerk her head up.

I was one step ahead of her and had caught a handful of blonde hair. I pressed her head down to Jennifer's back and toward my throbbing erection.

Looking down I rubbed the still oozing spunk across the struggling teenager's nose. She had her eyes clenched shut and her lips tightly puckered closed. She was grunting in protest. She got her hands on the ground and gained purchase and almost frantically tried to pull away. Holding a full handful of that golden mane, I held her face in the puddled cum until her struggles subsided. She never opened her eyes or mouth. Her face was clenched in a tight grimace.

"Clean your Master's cock with your tongue and I'll let you up, Brittany," I said quietly.

One eye came open and she peered at the glistening semi-erect organ before her, nestled between her friend's ass cheeks.

She murmured in protest. The smell of sex was strong to me and I imagine it was overpowering to her. The warm froth was smeared all over her pretty face and caked in her hair.

I suddenly had a self-awareness of how natural and exciting this dominant power felt.

"We can sit here all day, Brittany," I said.

Jennifer continued to kneel quietly. She seemed to be catching her breath.

Slowly Brittany's tongue emerged to lightly lick at the cum-coated bulbous head. The final bubbled pearls emerging from the tip clung to her tongue and left a dangling string at her mouth.

"Good girl!" I loosened my tight grasp of her hair. "I want you to get used to sucking me off. I want you to like the taste and always swallow every drop."

She was attempting to keep her face as far from my "dirty" cock as possible and still perform the task. She had her flicking tongue fully extended as she lapped blindly.

I re-tightened my grip in her hair. "Now open your mouth and suck it clean, Brittany." There was a tone of menace in my voice.

She sniffed several times and I saw tears forming at her tightly shut eyes. Jennifer had turned her head and was watching us over her shoulder. A large loose bead of cum was slowly tracking snail-like down the middle of her back. I was frankly amazed at the copious amount I had discharged. I again thought about all the seafood I had been eating.

"Don't think about it Brittany... just let yourself go," Jennifer urged her friend.

Slowly Brittany slid her face forward through the puddle of sex till her lips touched my cock. She lightly kissed the tip with an audible wet smack. She opened her mouth and took in the glistening now semi-flaccid organ.

"Good girl," I repeated. "Get it all. Every drop, and swallow."

She stoically performed the task, finally opening a tear-filled eye to ensure she did not miss anything. Without prompting, she finished the job by licking up the accumulated puddle at the crack of Jennifer's ass and the small of her back. I let go of her hair and leaned back.

Brittany immediately sat up and started to wipe her face with her arm. "No!" I ordered. "Brittany, you may not wipe that off. You may lick it off your lips but let the rest dry."

She dropped her arm and sat back on her heels looking cowed and forlorn with her hair matted and her face shiny with jism. Rivulets of white sperm ran down her chin to drip onto her jutting bosom.

I stood up. The sated Jennifer stretched out and lay on her stomach with her head resting on her crossed arms. She was breathing slowly but deeply. I saw a muscle spasm involuntarily in her buttocks.

"We shall call that slave girl Lesson Two," I pronounced. "Let's go see what I caught in my tide traps and have some lunch."

I then did an arching swan dive into the deep pool below our rocky perch.
Chapter 8
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 8
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The huge red sun had set over the cresting now maroon ocean.

I was leaning back against a palm tree fully satisfied with myself. Earlier I had been well fucked and now I had just finished a simple but grand dinner. I patted my full stomach and burped. I had come to realize in this paradise a man should focus on his basic pleasures.

Later I continued to ponder life's great moments as I slowly wrapped wire about a razor-sharp metal shard I was mounting on a bamboo fish spear. The twilight had nearly faded when I saw the lone figure approaching on the darkened beach. I determined it was the petite Jennifer. She halted just outside of the circle of my fire and disrobed. She unashamedly entered the firelight with only a big smile and came to her knees beside me.

"Hey, Boss," she said brightly and laid her hand on my knee.

"You lost, little girl?" I asked in a serious manner. I set the completed spear aside.

"Nope," she answered. "Kimberly just kicked me out."

Earlier with the ending day, the girls had become apprehensive of the older Kimberly's wrath on their return to the other camp. I had given the two girls some fresh fish and prepared a frond pouch of smoldering embers to take back. After some breathless kisses and hugs for me, I had watched the two naked girls jog back up the beach, stop, put on their clothes and then continue on.

She related that, on their late return, the furiously suspicious older sister had thrown a major fit. Kimberly had made the easily intimidated Brittany confess the entire afternoon's activities.

"I thought her face would pop when Brit told her she had to suck you off," she giggled.

Evidently Kimberly was trying to be a responsible and protective adult. It sounded if she had also been truly upset and concerned when told about Jennifer's anal penetration.

"I thought she was going to want to see my sore ass," Jennifer said indignantly. "I told her I liked it and would let you do it again if you wanted," she added. Then pausing she looked at me timidly and said sweetly, "But maybe not for a day or so. Okay?"

I smiled at her and pulled her onto my lap. She laid her head against my chest.

She told me at that Kimberly had really gone "berserk". Kimberly had called her "a little slut" and "whore". Kimberly had threatened to tell Jennifer's parents.

Jennifer had responded by telling Kimberly that "she had been Talbot's whore", and Kimberly had responded by screaming at her to "get out".

We sat quietly in the flickering light with the ever-present roar of the breakers filling the silence.

"Hey," she interrupted the lull, "can I live here with you?" She lifted her head and looked at me with her eyes wide and luminous in the faint light. "I could be however you want me," she said. "I could be your girlfriend or the other way if you wanted."

"What 'other way' is that?" I asked seriously.

She looked away and then back. "You know. Like you said."

"You tell me, Jennifer," I replied.

She rolled her eyes and laid her head back against my chest. Then she ran a hand up my stomach to my chest hair that she smoothed and patted.

"It's hard for me to ask that," she said quietly. "Please don't make it so hard."

"You must ask me, Jennifer," I replied, "or go back."

"Okay, okay, I will," she said in a low tone.

"Will what?" I said.

She sat up again and faced me. "I promise to always do everything you tell me if that is what you want," she said as her voice quavered at the end.

"Give me a little kiss, Jennifer," I said.

She closed her eyes, parted her lips and kissed me with an open-mouthed wanton hunger. After a moment she broke the kiss and buried her face against me.

"I never thought I would ever feel like this," she said. "With guys back home I can usually trick them into doing what I want. If I want to do it with them, I might or might not. But this afternoon when you made me do that, I was really turned on." She added as quiet afterthought, "I have never been so hot with a guy before. You just look at me or touch me and my heart starts pounding."

I reached up to palm a firm hand full of her breast. Her heart was pounding. I slowly rolled a pert nipple that immediately tightened.

"You see that," she whispered. "Even after this afternoon I want you... even more so." She again lifted her head up and our eyes locked. "I will do or be whatever you want me to be. Let me stay here with you... Please... Master?"

From the endless depths rose a full red moon. The tide reached its low ebb and turned. The incoming waves crashed like a repetitive thunder down the length of beach. At the edge of the jungle the flickering embers of a dying fire reflects glowingly against the arched naked back of a beautiful girl. She is illuminated in the pale light as she straddles and rhythmically thrusts against a darker shape in the shadows beneath her. Her cries of abandon are lost in the sound of the sea.
Chapter 9
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 9
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

I was inordinately proud of myself.

Using a crude forge I had created using a vinyl seat cover as a bellows I had heated an aluminum alloy shaft, salvaged from the plane undercarriage, and bent and formed it. After attaching some interwoven rubber strips cut from a tire, I had, as a result, a very serviceable slingshot with a forearm brace.

I was standing below a coconut tree and after several tries had finally dropped a target nut.

"Monkey stew tonight," I promised myself.

Turning to look down the beach, I used my hand to shade my eyes. In the surf below a nude Jennifer stood unconsciously poised with an up-raised spear. She shifted her weight from one leg to the other. I had an image association of a "Venus de Milo" rising from the sea.

Earlier I had shown her how to adjust for the apparent target shifts caused by the water diffraction. She made a quick spear thrust and came up with a sparkling, flipping catch. She turned and was waving energetically and I could see her mouth moving, but I could not make out what she was saying over the ambient roar of the ocean. Triumphantly holding her prize aloft, she began a high stepping run in the shallow surf toward me.

Watching her I had an aching realization of her natural beauty. We had been using a combination of the aloe and coconut oil for some exposure protection from the constant sun. But, in the past days she had tanned deeply to a nut brown and looked wildly native. Her brown hair had sun bleached and she had tied it behind her in a loose knot at the back of her head.

"It is bigger than the one you caught!" she laughing and holding the flipping catch out for my inspection. It was a respectable fish. Her lithe female frame was all youthful energy as she stuck the spear butt into the sand and stood on her toes throwing herself into my arms, holding me tightly.

"I am so happy," she said with a laugh.

I held her close and mused, "If old Defoe had seen you, he might have had a whole different concept of Friday."

She turned her head to look up at me quizzically. Occasionally the generations loomed between us. She shrugged and squeezed herself against me.

I felt my groin stir from the tickle of her protruding pubis against my nakedly hanging penis.

My new libido continued to amaze me. Our lovemaking had been constant and furious over the past several days. Time passed in a pleasurable blur of wildly uninhibited coupling, changing tides and night and day. My waking and sleeping thoughts had been predominated by the need to thrust into that sweet tightness of hers. My cock had taken on a raw red worn appearance that only the cool application of aloe would relieve.

Her hand slid down my stomach and she firmly grasped me. She slowly worked her hand on my shaft, which responded by immediately becoming tightly erect.

"Oh, my." She looked up at me with a bright innocent smile.

And so it went.

The next morning found us naked walking hand in hand upstream to the waterfall. Jennifer was her always cheerfully exhilarated self. She would pull at my hand for me to hurry, then stop and then a moment later turn to lean against me. She suddenly stopped, dropped my hand and squatted in the shallow water to pick up a brightly colored shell. The beautiful girl seemed unashamedly at ease in this Garden of Eden. She closely examined her treasure. She stood and held it up for me to see.

"See how the red pattern swirls in the center? It's perfect," she declared.

I nodded. I had woven a crude sack with palm fronds and some wire. It held the last of the soap and toiletries we had salvaged. She opened the bag and dropped the shell in.

"This place is so wonderful. I never knew that nature could be so beautiful." She had told me she was a city girl.

"Yeah," I replied. "This place has definite paradise potential."

She looked up at me for a moment. Then she reached down to take my hand again.

"You are beautiful too," she earnestly told me. "Last night was unbelievable. I never knew sex could be like that. It was so intense." Then she turned and started walking again. "Is it always like that?" she asked over her shoulder.

I smiled sagely and nodded. But the depth of the previous night's passion had startled me too.

Later I sat in the shallow pool. Jennifer had insisted a proper slave girl should always bathe her master. I was staring, mesmerized by the movement of a neatly trimmed pubic bush, which was nearly tickling my nose. Jennifer stood above me and was energetically scrubbing my hair.

"You better close your eyes," she warned. I felt soap running down my face. I reached down to cup some water and splashed my face and her belly.

She giggled.

I leaned forward to blow the soap that was running down her belly into the tight curly nest below.

"Oh!" she squealed. She stepped back and pointed a finger at me. "Don't get me started," she scolded.

"Why not?" I asked. I reached out to grasp her slender hips. I pulled her loins to my mouth and kissed her sex.

"Oh shit," she protested. Her hips squirmed in my tight grip. I ran my tongue around her slit. Her hands tightened in my hair. I tasted her moist heat. Her hands loosened then gently held my head. I felt a slight tremor in her. I probed at her cleft.

"Please?" she whispered. I felt her respond with a slight push against my face.

Using my lips and tongue I kissed and lapped at her trembling lips. There was a delightful firm compactness about her. I tightly squeezed her buttocks and she responded by pushing forward toward my extended tongue. My forefinger brushed against the puckered opening of her anus and I gently inserted a fingertip. Her lithe frame responded with a jerk.

"Owww. I'm still sore there," she said lightly. "But, it feels good. Please be easy with me."

Resting her hands on my head she raised a leg and rested it across my shoulder. This opened her thighs for a full and deep oral penetration of her gash. I liked the way she responded to my kisses. I enjoyed this feeling of playing with her body. I curled the tip of my tongue and slowly rolled her engorged clit. Her hands tightened in my hair. She ground herself wantonly into my mouth.

My finger was inserted into her anus to the first digit. I could feel her loosen and tighten her ass in response to my ministrations. Abruptly she gasped and went slack. She felt like a limp doll in my hands.

After planting one final kiss, I pulled my mouth away from her sweet heat. I let gravity pull her down onto my lap and I guided her onto on my cock. She again stiffened at the contact to her open sex. Then with a sign she slowly settled onto me. I felt that tight velvet grip of her slowly engulf me. She wrapped her arms about my neck and started heatedly kissing my mouth. She had started a slow grind on my phallus.

She broke the kiss and whispered in my ear, "I thought we where washing off?"

I had my finger fully buried in her anus. I used my intimate grip to hold her squirming weight tightly to me.

"We have all day for that," I told her.

Later I stood above her as she determinedly finished her Master-washing duties. She knelt at my feet and was slowly lathering my calf. She ran her hand up my leg to my inner thigh.

"You are all hard muscle," she told me.

"I used to play all lot of ball," I replied. "I still work out when I can."

She had her hand between my legs and was washing the back of my thighs. She pressed the side of her face against my stomach and reached up to soap my buttocks.

"I just never knew the hardness of a guy could be so exciting," she confided, and then giggled. "I mean all over hardness."

Her finger touched my sphincter. She looked up at me.

"I saw Brittany kiss you there and you liked it," she said softly. "Do you want me to do that too? I've never done it. But, if you want me to, I will. I want to do everything to please you." She stared up at me earnestly.

Her finger continued to gently lather my anus.

"We shall see, Jennifer," I smiled and replied. But I my mind had shifted to other things. While this was a paradise, the edge of survival was always an ominous thought in the back of my head. I was always hungry.

Although almost all my time had been spent foraging or in the sack, I had managed to fabricate several tools.

Initially they had been very primitive. I had used a stout wood club to bang at the plane fuselage. But once I managed to bend back the thin sheet metal, I had access to wiring and metal parts. Much time was consumed and strain involved in doing tedious back and forth bending to break loose a metal shaft. But once I had freed it I was lifted from the Stone Age. I had a hammer and a pry bar.

The same methods yielded a flat length of metal, which I attached to a wooden handle and sharpened. This crude but very usable machete was perfect for cutting bamboo and cracking coconuts.

More than once I had silently considered how quick and simple this work would be with a couple of wrenches and a screwdriver.

But my rudimentary methods had yielded various lengths of wire, nuts and bolts. I had even used a piece of loose fuselage and pounded out a crude but useable frying pan. When I attached a long wooden handle to it to save my hands from being burned by the fire, Jennifer had called it the Fred Flintstone line of cookware.

I had interwoven electrical wire into a flat belt and attached a large brass bolt into the weave.

Jennifer had not been particularly enthused when I demonstrated the practical purpose of this device.

She knelt before me with her head bowed as I wove the final ends together. When it was fully fitted around her slender neck there were no loose ends. There was no way to easily take it off.

"I learned how to do that in Boy Scouts," I told her.

She had knelt back and had a finger inserted in the hanging washer. She pulled it and rotated the collar back and forth on her neck. She peered down at her new apparel.

"When I was at camp we just used this weaving stuff - gimp, I think it's called - for key chains and hair pulls," she responded.

I picked up the shiny length of thin chain I had salvaged from the landing gear mechanism. I clicked the toggle bolt to the washer on her collar. I tugged the leash and she was pulled forward to brace herself on her hands. She looked up at me in surprise.

"Well, Jennifer," I told her, "we must adapt with the tools we have."

I stood and fastened the other end of the chain to a large bolt I had hammered into a nearby palm tree. I stood back to critique my work.

"Just kneel there until I return," I told her gently. I ran my hand through her hair. She looked up at me and blinked.

"Woof, woof," she giggled.

As the ocean receded I would routinely check my traps in the shallow tidal pools. It usually took an hour to check the several places where I seemed to have consistent luck. I gathered my gear and prepared to make my rounds. The past nights Jennifer had been accompanying me. She reached up and tested the secured restraint. My intent was very oblivious. Tonight she was to remain behind.

There was a slight pout. "Please don't forget about me," she said meekly.

As I walked away into the night I turned back several times to check on her. Within the lit radius of the fire she remained kneeling, staring intently into the darkness where she had seen me last disappear.

Neptune was good to us this night. I had shrimp and crabs.

Jennifer was ecstatic on my return. I thought her excitement was due to my bounteous harvest. Still kneeling she had wrapped her arms around my knees and hugged herself tightly against my thighs.

"Oh, I missed you so!" she whispered. She started kissing my leg. She ran her tongue up my thigh and took my soft cock in her mouth. Within moments I became erect and she began an energetic bobbing on my shaft.

Standing above her, I realized I still had the catch in my hands and was dripping seawater on her. She was oblivious to everything but my penis. The chain tightened as she straightened up to align herself above my erection. I gasped as she tightened her lips and increased her suction. She began a rapid demanding up and down motion. I dropped the netted fish at my feet and clutched my dripping hands in her hair.

"Damn, Jennifer," I moaned, "that feels wonderful."

She popped her mouth off me and looked up. She clutched my rod and squeezed it so the bulbous head swelled almost painfully.

"I've been thinking about this the whole time you where gone," she confided passionately.

She placed my penis crown in her mouth and holding the base in both hands renewed her determined tight bobbing.

I could feel the intense sensation up my spine. I threw my head back and gasped. It felt like my head would explode.

"Oh shit, GIRL!" I exclaimed.

She was completely focused on her task. She seemed to have a ravenous hunger for cock. I reached over and unlocked the leash from the tree and used it to pull her head and mouth away from me. I turned and bent over resting my hands on my knees.

"Use your tongue there," I told her.

Immediately I felt her smooth face between my cheeks and then the probing insertion of her curled tongue. She had her face firmly pressed to my bottom with her lips against my anus. I felt the presence of her deep in my bowels. She reached forward to grab my rod and began to stroke it. I had begun to sweat. She pulled her tongue from the anal hollow and lapped slowly from the base of my scrotum up the crack of my buttocks and back again. Then she sat back.

"You like that?" she asked.

"It feels wild," I gasped. My legs felt like rubber.

But she had become distracted. "Oh look," she said. "Here comes Brittany."
Chapter 10
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 10
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The three of us sat in the shade by the hut and talked.

The clothed Brittany was too preoccupied to acknowledge our nakedness. Evidently things had gone from bad to worse with the older Kimberly. The two sisters had had no fishing success and the only real food besides coconuts over the past several days had been a dead sea turtle they attempted to cut up and cook.

"Oh it was SO bad!" Brittany exclaimed with a teenager's manner of over emphasizing complete disgust. "We had to cut away what the seagulls had eaten!" The two girls giggled. I assumed the sisters were at least not starving.

Brittany commented on Jennifer's neck collar. Jennifer lifted her chin and turned her head back and forth to give her a full display. She had come to accept it and the collar looked natural on her as the sole adornment to her nakedness.

"Jennifer," I said, "show Brittany your leash."

She gave me a quick look then jumped up and ran to the nearby palm to fetch the shiny chain. She handed it to me and I motioned for her to bend over. I brushed her hair aside and clipped the leash to her collar. Jennifer stood up and looked at her friend sheepishly.

"This is what all proper slave girls wear," I said smiling at Brittany. I tugged the leash and Jennifer responded by sinking to her knees beside me. Brittany stared at her young friend then looked at me. She looked down at the sand and moved her feet back and forth to make a small pile.

"I came here to ask to stay with you too," she said staring downward. She blushed. She looked up at me. "Kimberly is such a bitch, I can't take it anymore! I miss you guys."

I gave her an understanding smile.

"You know the rules Brittany," I said simply.

Blushing again Brittany replied, "I will do whatever you want... Please?"

I let a moment pass.

"Well, slave girls need to be naked for starters," I said. "And you can throw your underwear in the fire. We will use the rest for rags." I motioned toward the slightly smoldering rock-rimmed pit.

I assumed by the determined way the teenager stood up, went to the fire, stripped and discarded her apparel that this decision had been previously made. Nude, she came back to kneel next to her friend who put her arm around her.

"We will have so much fun," Jennifer giggled.

I reached over and unfastened Jennifer's leash.

"Go get that other collar," I told her. Jennifer jumped up and ran into the hut to emerge with an inch-wide length of woven colored wire almost like her own.

Brittany turned to me and asked, "How did you know?"

"A good Master can always tell," I ad-libbed. "Now crawl to me."

Looking at me with her delightfully innocent expression she leaned forward and obeyed. She crawled between my spread legs and looked up at me with those big blue eyes. I fastened the collar by interweaving the wire and within minutes the loose collar was hers permanently

"Sit back," I ordered. She knelt before me. She ran a finger up to the unaccustomed weight feeling the large attached metal washer.

"How's it look, Jen?" she asked, looking at her friend anxiously. "Kimberly will have a such a major fit when she sees this!"

I reached up and clipped the leash to my new slave. She looked delightfully self-conscious as she blushed under my scrutiny.

"Speak of the devil... here comes Kimberly," I said looking down the beach at an approaching storm.
Chapter 11
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 11
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The discarded bra and panties were not burning cleanly. A thick acrid smoke swirled about the camp.

Jennifer jumped to her feet and dashed inside the hut. Standing, I casually leaned back against the palm tree.

"Oh shit!" Brittany hissed and attempted to get to her feet.

I jerked the leash before she could gain her feet and she fell back on her butt in the sand. She looked up at me then back at the approaching Kimberly.

"Oh shit, shit, shit. She is pissed!" she exclaimed.

"Kneel at my feet Brittany." I used my no nonsense tone, "NOW!"

Indecision flickered across Brittany's upturned face as she stared first up at me and then at her older sister. She made up her mind and crawled next to my feet, turned and went up on her knees to face the oncoming Kimberly. Brittany's hand went to my leg and she leaned against me. I could feel the pressure of her full firm breast mashed against my knee. She was trembling. I laid my hand possessively on the naked teen's head.

I held the attached leash in my other hand. I shook it so it plainly lay draped between my fist and her neck.

Kimberly's reaction to the scene seemed to heighten as she drew closer. She was wildly furious and it certainly showed on her face.

I suddenly noticed she was holding a gnarled club of driftwood behind her back. As the aspects of the situation before her became more evident, she raised the club and it was now above her head ready strike as she came running and screaming toward us.

I have never closed-fist punched a woman before and I was pulling my punch even as she ran her chin flat into my fist. There was a solid "THONK"' sound, her feet went out from under her and she went flat on her back with the weapon falling useless beside her.

Kimberly lay there on her back for a long moment and then curled up making gasping noises. She started to cry.

"Wow!" Brittany said quietly. I saw Jennifer peering wide-eyed around the corner of the hut doorway.

I rubbed my suddenly smarting knuckles.

I tugged the leash and Brittany looked up at me. She suddenly seemed very aware that my penis was just next to her face. She glanced at it then up at me with a question in her eyes.

"I want you to suck on that, little Brittany," I said looking in her wide eyes. "Right now."

Alarm was immediately evident on her pretty young face. "Not now," she begged "Oh no... not with her here... Please... I will later... Oh please... Please no!" she earnestly pleaded with me while clutching at my leg.

Her sweet helpless pleas and demeanor had caused my cock to partially stiffen. I moved my hips and the organ bumped her chin. She jerked her head back

"Suck your Master's dick, slave girl," I replied with a cruel smile.

"Oh no!" Staring with alarm at my bobbing organ filling her vision, she sat back pulling against the leash.

I shook my head impatiently and jerked the leash causing her to fall forward into sand. I knelt on her so my knee was in the middle of her back pressing her into the soft sand. She squirmed and struggled beneath my weight.

Reaching up I brought my open palm down SMACK on a full but very firm young butt.

"Argh!" Brittany cried out and renewed her frantic but ineffective struggles.

I spanked the squalling teenager until her tight butt was a glowing beet red. I left no area on that sweet flexing backside untouched. I spanked her till my arm was tired.

She had stopped struggling and had lapsed into a low sobbing protest. But she continued to make almost a spasmodic jerking response to each blow.

Finally I looked up. Kimberly had partially sat up and was rubbing her chin. Her eyes were tear-filled and unfocused; she seemed uncertain of what she was witnessing.

I picked up the leash and stood up. I coiled the chain around my fist. Brittany had curled up and was rubbing her hands on her stinging cheeks. She had sand on her face and the tears had made streaks down her cheeks. She blinked up at me.

I leaned back against the palm again and tugged on her leash. "Now start sucking your Master's cock like a good girl or I will next whip you with a bamboo cane," I said menacingly.

She stared up at me and I could see a subtle change come over her posture. She dropped her eyes and tamely crawled to my feet. She rose to her knees before me. The sand caking the front of her body accented her melon-like breasts in an intriguingly erotic manner.

She wiped the grit from her mouth, licked her lips and spat several times.

The spanking had fully aroused me. My erection was throbbing almost painfully inches from her parted mouth. She leaned forward and took me in and began a tentative bobbing. I could feel her tongue as she ran it around the head.

I lay my hand possessively on her head. "Good girl, Brittany," I said. "Now suck it till I cum in your mouth."

Shamefully conscious of her public submission, she glanced up at me. Her pretty face was sandy and tear streaked.

I looked up. A wide-eyed Kimberley had her fist pressed against her mouth in shock as she watched her sister's abject degradation.

"Brittany loves sucking her Master's cock." I tugged the leash. "Don't you, little Brittany?"

Her eyes came up to mine and I saw a pained struggle fighting the little spirit she had left. Her eyes shifted to glance at her older sister.

"Tell Kimberly," I commanded. "NOW!"

The teenager let the cock slide from her mouth. I string of saliva ran from the glistening plum covered head to her parted lips. She turned her head slightly toward her sister.

"I love sucking my Master's cock," she said slowly but very plainly. Then she turned back, took my penis in her sucking mouth and looked up at me for approval.

Kimberly began to sob and duck walk backward away from the terrible tableau before her. She seemed unable to take her eyes from my rampant erection, which was wetly sliding in and out of her younger sister's tightly puckered mouth.

I smiled at the retreating older sister. "I bet you like sucking cock too, Kimberly. Well, soon it will be your turn. I can't wait to cum in your mouth."

Kimberly stumbled to her feet and twisted from us. Bent over, walking almost aimlessly, she had her hands over her ears as she tried to get distance from the camp. She disappeared as the darkness enveloped her.

Jennifer came out of the hut and ran over to me. She held herself tight against me with my arm between those firm young breasts.

"TOO much!" Jennifer exclaimed.

Brittany knelt at our feet. She had not abandoned her task. I saw the whites of her eyes as she tried to follow her sister's progress down the beach but continued sucking me correctly.

I placed my hands on her head and began a slow fucking of her face. "Just suck Brittany," I told her. " I will move."

She looked up and I saw her cheeks hollow as she obeyed.

Holding her head I slowly moved my hips back and forth. "Good girl," I hissed. That full young mouth of hers was wonderfully hot.

I turned to Jennifer. "Kiss your Master," I told her.

She smiled and immediately leaned up to meet my lips. Our tongues danced.

My thrust had become more demanding. Brittany's hands had come up to rest on my hips for balance. I broke the kiss and looked down. The young blonde had her eyes closed in concentration as she met my hard strokes at the back of her throat. She did not gag or flinch. The tight suction of her mouth was driving me wild. I stopped and held her head between my hands

"Suck REAL hard Brittany," I said breathlessly. She looked up at me and tightened her lips.

I slowly moved my cock in and out.

"Oh yes!" I breathed between clenched teeth. "Jennifer, kneel and hold my cock to her mouth. Make sure all the cum goes in," I muttered.

I felt the petite girl slide down me. She used her small hand to firmly grab my cock at the base.

"Just let it squirt in, Brit. Then swallow. It won't hurt you," she said encouragingly to her girlfriend.

"Yes, here I cum now!" I said throwing my head back. I felt her magic tongue darting wildly at the sensitive cock tip. Holding her head firmly, I jerked my hips and rammed deeply into her mouth. I felt myself slide down her throat. I came hotly.

"Swallow it, Brittany," I heard Jennifer say. "That's it... " Jennifer had reached underneath and was gently squeezing my balls as if to milk every drop of seed into her friend's mouth.

I looked down and slowly pulled my cock back. Its glistening length slowly emerged from the focused Brittany's excruciatingly tight oral fit. She looked up to see if she was pleasing me. I saw her swallow.

I moved my cock back to the tip of her puckered lips. Brittany peered down her nose at the still throbbing cock. A foamy froth covered her pursed mouth. She looked back up at me questioningly. Jennifer held the cock and rubbed it around her friends parted lips.

"Lick it all, Brittany, or he will spank you again," Jennifer instructed.

Brittany's hot tongue came out and licked the foamed cum from her lips. Then she began a thorough tongue cleaning of my cock head. She looked up at me and smiled wanly. Her face was flushed and her lips were red and swollen from abuse. There was a wet shine about her mouth.

"Jennifer, now kiss the sperm off Brittany's mouth," I said watching the two kneeling girls. Jennifer's head came up and her mouth parted to protest. She saw a flash of menace in my eyes.

Her head dropped and she leaned forward to kiss her friend's mouth. Brittany's eyes went wide and she looked up at me and saw me smile. She dropped her eyes, turned her head and kissed Jennifer back. The two teenagers moved their heads back and forth and I saw Jennifer's tongue come out and swipe across Brittany's white-coated tongue.

I leaned back against the palm and slid down until I was level with the two girls. They broke their kiss and both smiled at me.

Jennifer spoke up brightly. "Now it's my turn."
Chapter 12
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 12: The Next Morning
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The rising sun warmed the new day. The sand on the beach was dark and hard packed from the receding tide. Two nymphs pranced naked in the surf. They were focused on a hapless overturned turtle. Its struggles made their determined efforts to drag it from the waves seem hilarious.

The girlish squeals carried above the constant ocean roar. I opened my eyes and sat up. Looking out the hut door I watched my two charges as they labored with their prize. A plowed furrow led from the upended turtle to the foaming waves beyond.

I sat and compared the bent thrusting bottoms as they pulled and tugged. Jennifer's petite slim figure did not truly reflect her strength. I figured she must train athletically, maybe gymnastics. Tight muscles knotted in her legs and butt as she strained against her task. She suddenly straightened and turned, aware of my attention. Smiling, she waved energetically.

The load shift caused Brittany to fall back in the sand on her fuller posterior. I could see her mouth moving as she complained. Standing up, she brushed the caked sand from her firm cheeks. I noticed I had slightly bruised her fair skin when I had spanked her the night before. The taller and more voluptuous Brittany otherwise was in fine condition. Both girls came running up to me with their young breasts bouncing.

The two breathless girls dropped at my feet and both began talking, adding to each other's sentences. I learned we could have "tortoise" soup. I stood up and the three of us walked over to examine lunch. At our approach the turtle retracted its head and flippers. Staring at the massive shell, I had a vision of myself hacking at that carapace with the crude machete.

I explained the problem and we all agreed to free the creature. After we flipped it upright and stepped back it slowly emerged and lumbered back toward the sea.

Walking back to the hut I took Brittany's hand. I smiled at her as I led her over to the edge of the jungle.

I placed my hands on her shoulders. "Kneel down," I told her.

She sank down with that innocent obedient manner of hers. Questioningly she glanced at my dangling cock, then up at my face.

"Sit back on your heels. You are not to move. If you move one inch I will switch you. Understand?" I said earnestly looking into her wide blue eyes.

She nodded. There was an uncertainty in her look.

I moved close so I was towering above her. "Hold Master's cock" I said "Point it toward your face."

She reached up and gingerly held my cock.

"Remember, don't you dare move" I repeated. I closed my eyes and released my bladder.

She immediately realized her situation. The hot golden urine stream sprayed her forehead. She gasped and jerked then seemed to catch herself. She squeezed her eyes and mouth tightly closed with dismayed disgust. She shook her head negatively and made a whining sound. I reached down and lay my hand on top of her grasping hand. I guided the stream so it played over her entire face.

I heard Jennifer exclaim close behind me. "Oh, gross!"

My warning must have been effective. I took my hand away. Brittany held the streaming flow to her face as I had commanded. I watched the steaming piss run down her face and throat. It ran down her full melon-like breasts and created two little waterfalls from her nipples.

This was my first release of the morning and my kidneys were full. The golden shower seemed to go on and on. Finally the final drops fell landing on the top of her thrusting breasts.

"Milk it, Brittany," I said gently. She had never opened her eyes. She obeyed.

"Good girl!" I stepped back and pulled away from her loose grip. I turned to the wide-eyed Jennifer.

"Take her down to the beach and let her wash off."

I had to chuckle as I watched the two go with Jennifer gingerly leading the blind, miserable Brittany. I heard Jennifer reassuring her now-sobbing friend, "It would wash off"

When they returned I was in the hut. I listened for a moment to their unusually quiet sounds and then called for Brittany. Almost immediately a wet and hesitant teenager entered and knelt by my sleeping mat. She would not meet my eyes. She was blushing.

I pulled the pretty teen beside me. I ran my hand up and cupped her blonde pussy. Her thighs obligingly opened for my access. Her vagina was fuller than her friend's. I ran a finger around her clit and then began a slow stroking. She watched my unexpected tenderness closely.

"Look at me," I said. Her eyes came up. "Brittany, you must always obey your Master."

She nodded and said softly "I will."

Pushing her to her back I slowly mounted her. Her soft curves seemed to melt into me as I began a slow rhythm against her. Her lovemaking was more cautious than the spirited Jennifer. She clung to me tightly and murmured her pleasure in my ear. Her first orgasm was signaled by a little cry. At my finish I drove her hard against the floor squeezing her tender butt in my hands. She came hard again with me and gently began to cry from the passion of her release as we lay together in the aftermath.

I pulled away from her and called out for Jennifer. Jennifer's prompt nearby answer confirmed my suspicion that the lovemaking had been observed. She came in and with a very causal manner sat on the mat with us.

"Jennifer, I want you to lick that cum off my cock," I said.

I thought she was going to protest for just a moment. But instead she bent over and I watched her thoroughly lick my sticky and flaccid penis. She took the softening organ in her mouth and looked up at me with large bright eyes.

"Now lick out Brittany's pussy," I said with a deadpan expression meeting Jennifer's look. Brittany stirred next to me and tried to sit up. "Wa-wa-wait," she stammered.

I roughly pushed the young blonde backwards. She lay back. I slapped a firm thigh. "Spread 'em" I commanded. Slowly she complied.

Jennifer quietly studied me as if weighing her options. "Jennifer I would enjoy using that cane switch on you... Trust me on that," I said earnestly. I could tell she believed me.

She took a deep breath and then crawled to lie on her stomach between her friend's legs. She looked at me one more time and bent her head to its task. I saw a very tentative tongue stretch out and touch the beaded cum slowly leaking from Brittany's quim. She was keeping her face inches from the gaping puss as to avoid as much contact as possible.

I brought my hand down on a tight bun cheek, SMACK. Jennifer squealed in shock. She turned her head toward me and attempted to climb away. I grabbed a slim ankle.

"Nope" I said, "This is pussy eating class and you will learn today"

I pointed my finger at Jennifer's face. "Stick out your tongue"

Slowly she stuck her tongue out. Her smarting ass only restrained her hot temper.

"Farther' I acted as if I was going to pull it. Her tongue extended she stared at me. I placed my hand on her head.

"One more warning... don't you pull that tongue in one little bit," I said.

I guided her head down and pushed so her extended tongue entered the waiting vagina. I pushed her till her face was pressed tight between Brittany's spread thighs. Brittany squirmed but did not move.

"Lick out that pussy, little slave girl," I whispered in Jennifer's ear. I squeezed her warm spanked butt cheek for emphasis. Suddenly Brittany gasped and writhed. I watched the moving muscles in Jennifer's jaw and I knew she was working her tongue. I patted her ass.

"Good girl. Lick it clean now. Eat all Master's cum."

I ran a finger between her cheeks and gently caressed the bud of her anus. "I may fuck you again here this afternoon," I said lightly.

Jennifer began to move her face up and down as she licked. Brittany's knees came up and her hand fluttered down to her friend's head

"Oh, Jen!" she groaned.

I leaned up to grasp Brittany's heaving breast. I squeezed and kissed a trail between the firm full mounds. She stiffened when I bit a nipple and then she came with a little cry. She was grinding her hips under her friend's oral ministrations.

I sat back and looked at the panting loosely intertwined teens. Jennifer's head was still between Brittany's thighs and she was gently running her tongue around the offered labia. Our gazes locked for a moment, then she closed her eyes.

"I think you two might REALLY be lezzies," I said as I arose. I continued to chuckle as I walked outside with their heated protestations following me.
Chapter 13
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 13: The Second Month
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

I had devised a crude but comfortable hammock out of a length of carpet ripped from the plane's cabin floor. I had suspended it with vines between two nearby palms. I had found that a siesta during the hot part of the day seemed to fit well in my day's schedule. It was from here that I witnessed the next set of events.

Over the past few days a new camp status hierarchy had emerged. The new order insinuated itself almost completely outside of my awareness. I came to realize that Jennifer considered herself "the first wife".

My lowered male sensitivities missed most of the subtle early signs of a female power play. Looking back, of course, the sequence of events and the final outcome should have been readily foreseeable.

Immediately upon joining our camp Brittany seemed to have inherited the scut work. I assumed that she was attempting to show she could fit in and ultimately to please me. She took over the fire detail, cleaning detail, and did all our cooking.

I witnessed the final moment of rebellion, the resulting consequences, and initially failed to recognize the significance. Brittany had evidently cut herself while cleaning a fish. Jennifer had been dictating instructions to her on how to perform the task properly while she herself sat against a palm tree sharpening a spear.

I was disturbed from my nap at the change in the tone of their voices. Brittany stood up from her chores and approached Jennifer. She stood above Jennifer and while I could not make out all the words, the tension of the charged moment was highly evident. Brittany was delivering a whispered tirade and pointing at the fire, the hut and me. She paused to look at me, and then turned to again to shake a finger in Jennifer's face.

I watched in dispassionate interest, not really having the energy or inclination to involve myself in a minor catfight.

Jennifer paused in her task and was looking up at her friend with a slightly puzzled expression. Abruptly she kicked out her folded leg and caught Brittany's kneecap with the base of her foot. Brittany buckled and collapsed flat in the sand. Jennifer never moved from her sitting position but simply extended her arm and her spear so the tip lay under Brittany's chin.

Brittany had been attempting to rise when she felt the sharp prick and realized her position. Her eyes widened and she stared at her friend in shock.

Jennifer said something to her in a low tone.

I figured that this situation was close to getting out of hand. "HEY!" I yelled.

Both girls turned to look at me.

"ENOUGH!" I ordered.

The two girls looked back at each other and there was a long moment of tension. Jennifer then withdrew her spear but not without flicking Brittany with its tip. I heard Brittany cry out, falling back into the sand as she clutched at her chin. Jennifer rose, shook her long hair from her face and looked over her shoulder at me. She then strode almost defiantly down the beach to the surf.

I was going to get out of my hammock and check on Brittany, but she had shuffled to her feet and returned to her cooking duties with her back to me. It seemed as if the moment had past so I decided to let the matter go. I dozed back off.

Later that night when I returned to the camp after checking the traps, I found a tense atmosphere. Brittany was huddled in the sand with Jennifer standing over her. Both girls watched me approach, Brittany with apparent trepidation, and Jennifer with a scowl.

Jennifer immediately told me of the situation. "Do you know what this stupid BITCH has done?" she said dramatically.

I smiled slightly and shrugged.

"Look at your supper!" Jennifer exclaimed, pointing at a smoking charred fish at the edge of the fire. "I caught your favorite fish for you and she burned it!"

Jennifer nudged the prostrate Brittany who looked up at me miserably. She was crying. I noticed she had a slight scab on her chin. "I am so sorry!" Brittany blubbered. "I only left it a minute and it started b-b-burning."

I shook my head as if in dismay "Damn! And I am starving," I said.

Tears welled in Brittany's eyes. She brought her hands up to her face and started earnestly sobbing.

"I told you, Brittany, and now he will whip you good with the bamboo switch!" Jennifer told her friend triumphantly.

Actually I had snacked on some raw oysters earlier down at the beach and had taken the edge off my appetite. But I thought I might play this out to see if it went in an interesting direction. "Jennifer, you whip her. I'm too tired tonight," I announced.

Both girls' heads came up and twisted toward me at this. Brittany coughed in the middle of a sob. A sudden light came to Jennifer's eyes and we shared a conspiratorial understanding.

Brittany stared at me in dismay. "Oh no... Not her... Please!" she begged. She had risen to her knees in supplication. "It won't ever happen again... Master... please don't let her whip me." She sounded pitiful. She started crying again.

Jennifer was watching me. I shrugged my shoulders in an indifferent manner. "Try not to break any more of her skin when you whip her," I said in a serious manner. "We don't need anyone getting an infection out here."

Brittany crawled to my feet. "Oh please don't let her whip me," She pleaded earnestly. "I have been trying so hard to do everything right. She is just so mean. I can't stand having her whip me. It's not fair."

I pulled my leg away from Brittany's grasp.

"You must learn, Brittany," I told her coldly. I turned and walked over to the far side of the fire, sat down on a rock and prepared to watch the evening's entertainment.

Jennifer walked over to the pile of roof thatching material we had cut. She found a limber bamboo switch that she tested by flicking it in the air. It made a wicked hissing sound.

Brittany rose to a crouch and was watching her friend closely. Her head turned and it was apparent she was debating fleeing into the darkness.

Jennifer made no move to approach her but stood nearly ten feet away. "Don't you even think about running off, you bad girl, because if you do, you will not be coming back," Jennifer said sternly. "You can go back and live with Kimberly and be cold and hungry."

"Now if you want to live here you must learn the rules," she added.

Jennifer impressed me. She seemed to take naturally to the dominating role. "You will crawl your ass over here, stick it up in the air and take your whipping or crawl off like a dog in the darkness. You have till I count to ten to decide."

Jennifer looked at me and smirked. I shook my head in amazement.

"ONE!" Jennifer barked.

Still crouching in the sand, Brittany no longer appeared ready to escape. She looked beaten already. Her head was bowed and her full but disheveled blonde tresses covered her face.

"TWO!"

Brittany shook her head slowly in a negative fashion. I heard her sob something about "not fair".

"THREE!"

Dejectedly, Brittany fell forward on her hands. Slowly she began a shuffling hesitant crawl through the loose sand toward Jennifer.

"FOUR!" Jennifer added, "You better hurry yourself over here or I will whip you extra."

Brittany started to scurry.

"FIVE, SIX, SEVEN..."

Brittany had reached Jennifer's feet and I heard her make a low mournful plea.

"Oh shut up, you little crybaby," Jennifer exclaimed.

Jennifer used the switch to poke at the back of Brittany's head and then to lightly swat her backside.

"Now keep that head down and that bottom up," she said.

Kimberly was trembling. "If you move... I will switch you extra... Brittany do you understand me?"

Brittany made an affirmative sound.

"Say it louder so Master can hear you!"

Brittany turned her face toward me so our eyes met. She looked miserable. "I understand, Jennifer," she said plaintively.

Jennifer impatiently tapped Brittany's up-raised buttocks with the switch. "Higher... Get your ass up higher!" Jennifer commanded.

Brittany strained to arch her bottom up. I saw a muscle twitch in her thigh.

Jennifer finally seemed satisfied with her friend's awkward contortion.

Jennifer brought her arm back and then swung back down. The switch made a high-pitched whistle and there was a sharp SNAP. Brittany screamed and jerked away. Her hands fluttered toward her new burning injury.

"OH GOD THAT HURTS!" she screamed in a near hysterical tone.

I saw there was an angry red stripe dead centered across both cheeks. Blood drops immediately beaded at the farthest tip of the wound.

Jennifer seemed surprised at her friend's reaction. She looked at me with an expression of amazement.

I shrugged my shoulders and adopted a concerned expression. I made an "ease-up" motion with my hand. Then I motioned for her to continue. Watching these two beautiful naked girls interacting in this show of power excited me.

"I am not done yet, Brittany. Now get your ass back where it belongs," Jennifer ordered.

Brittany lay prostrate in the sand. Her hands clenched at her butt and she plainly wanted to rub at the searing agony of her wound. But she found immediately that touching the burn only increased the pain. She was crying pitifully.

Jennifer poked her ribs with the switch. "Get it up right now, Brittany. This is the last time I tell you," Jennifer warned.

Brittany moaned softly and I heard her quietly begging Jennifer to "please not to hurt me anymore." But she slowly pushed herself up and tentatively arched her body as she had been told. The movement caused the skin to stretch across her tormented backside. She flinched and, for a moment, faltered. Then she obediently took the proper position.

I was very impressed with her desire to obey.

Jennifer stood above her watching with hands on her hips.

This time Jennifer eased her upswing. Her arm movement was barely more than a wrist jerk. There was still a hiss and satisfying SNAP.

Brittany's head came up. She gasped and let out an agonized wail, but this time she did not lose her position. Her arms went back instinctively to cover her ass causing her hair to fan out and face to burrow into the loose sand.

But that cute, now doubly striped, bottom remained submissively in place.

My mind raced ahead with possible erotic plans to exploit Brittany's weaknesses. I mused again about my newfound passion for power and how it excited me.

Jennifer was watching me. I held up one finger and mouthed "one more."

Jennifer nodded.

The next swing was a compromise between the first two. But Jennifer did cruelly bring it down and up so the SNAP of skin contact was on the underside of Brittany's sweet bottom.

These new pains on virgin unmarked skin caused Brittany to leapfrog forward and then flatten out. She made a drawn-out keening sound, which changed to a series of choking sobs.

Jennifer dropped to her knees beside her friend. She began to stroke her hair and leaned forward to whisper consolations in her ear. Brittany curled around toward her and laid her head on Brittany's bent leg. She continued to cry.

I stood. I had an intense erection and was heavily tempted to screw one or both teenagers. But the intimate manner the two friends held each other made me feel as if my intrusion would constitute rudeness at the moment. I decided it was the girls' time and I would take my pleasure later. I went into the hut and stretched out.

Later I was awakened by the unmistakable sounds of female passion.

I rolled over and looked out the hut door into the darkness. The moon was full and its pale light cast an ethereal quality to the two dark shapes on the white sand. The wood fire had died but the girl's passion continued to rage. I watched as the ghostly but distinct shape of a gyrating Jennifer rode a sublime Brittany. Jennifer fully straddled the prone newfound submissive's face. Jennifer had her hands intertwined in Brittany's thick mane of blonde hair that she used for purchase as she ground the other girl's lapping tongue against her spread sex.

The sounds that had awakened me were Jennifer's shrilly panted commands for her friend to "lick it harder."

I shook my head in wonder at this new twist in the development our little society.
Chapter 14
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 14
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

I continued to simplify meeting our most basic want, that of food. For example I had devised a system of expediting the catching of sea life. I had driven closely aligned bamboo stakes across the drainage channels of several deep tidal pools. We would bait the pools at high tide and then at low tide pick and choose our dinner from the trapped crustaceans and fish.

I had grown unhappy with the original hut. It was cramped with the three of us. Also the raised interwoven bamboo floor was constantly in need of repair and new support. I had drawn plans in the sand and proposed to the girls we undertake the building of a new more substantial home. The two were enthusiastic until construction was underway and the amount of hard effort involved became apparent. I finally had to resort to the use of a bamboo switch to generate motivation on the continued gathering of construction material.

I planned on a large structure by combining and strapping together lengths of thick bamboo with malleable bands of heated sheet metal from the plane's fuselage for strong support. I planned a pyramid structure using three columns.

The cutting and dragging of the bamboo was very hard work. We had to go inland for the size we needed, chopping down the bamboo with our machetes. We had devised a harness from several seatbelts and using a length of attached heavy wire the girls would drag the burden to the beach. I overhead "yassur boss" comments addressed in my direction as a result of this labor. I had also noticed Jennifer took a delight in using a switch on Brittany's behind if she felt the other girl was lagging.

The girls had deepened their own special relationship apart from me. Both girls considered themselves "straight" and the developing sexual need was supposed to be a secret. I had not felt excluded and thought it provided them a deeper security. Brittany suffered deep bouts of homesickness and would slip into a lethargic melancholy. I observed Jennifer get sexually aggressive with Brittany when she was in this mood.

The complex and constant barrage of stimuli of modern American life was lacking here. This simple primitive existence refocused your needs. The appreciation of our few pleasures had grown. We savored the company of each other. Talking, touching and sex were important parts actions that reaffirmed our social collectiveness. This bonding was a reassurance of security that united our little family.

But it was not always an idealistic world. Eden had an edge. The complex sexual relationship of three could be problematic. Jealousies, individual irritations and conflicts with another were a reoccurring disruption of paradise.

Earlier that evening there had been a misunderstanding. Brittany, as cook, had been trying to raise the standard of the daily meal with more variety. She had presented a bowl of "caviar" as an aperitif for dinner. I had stuck my fingers in the gelatinous mass and sniffed at the roe.

"This smells like puss" I had commented and curled my lip in suspicious distaste. This was the continuation of a running "fishy smell" community joke, which was at Jennifer's expense. Angrily Jennifer had responded by throwing a handful of eggs at me. The wet mass had struck my chest and splattered like a hand grenade. We had stared at each other in shock at her sudden brash reaction. Then she had jumped up and sprinted off. I immediately followed and chased her down the beach. Attempting to escape in the open had been her mistake. She could easily elude me in the thick jungle but on an open stretch I eventually outran and overtook her.

I caught a running leg and upended the fleet Amazon. We wrestled until I straddled her. This was no simple feat as her slight frame belied a hard compact wiry power. Holding her down I made her clean the egg mess off my torso with her tongue. This action heated the situation. I wedged myself between her thighs stretching her arms above her head and rubbed my demanding erection against her vulnerable mons. Initially she hotly protested my further advances, but her cleft was responsively wet. The struggle continued, which changed when I thrust and was succeeded with a degree of penetration. She immediately thrust back against me. We coupled in an extended sexual power match, as neither of us could seem to get enough of the other. Our eyes locked, we rolled back and forth, slowing to an almost exquisitely breathless plateau then building back to a pounding frenzy of demanding want for the other. Eventually we both rode a building crescendo of release and then lay in the shallow warm waves.

Afterwards hand-in-hand we had walked back to the camp. Brittany sat alone by the fire. She had been watching the flames but had looked up at our approach. She smiled and told us she had kept our supper warm. She arose and quietly busied herself in dishing out the food from a metal plate resting in the coals. I felt a chill in the atmosphere and look questionably at Jennifer. She was watching her friend but turned her head to meet my eye. She shrugged her shoulders.

I have never been one for subtlety and I decided to confront the situation. "What's wrong, Brittany?" I asked her.

She had sat down next to Jennifer. She looked over at me and quietly replied "Nothing"

"Oh right!" I answered.

Jennifer put her arm around her friend. "What is it Brittany?" Jennifer asked her gently.

Brittany turned to her, lip began to quiver and she sniffed. "You guys left me alone for so long. I thought you maybe didn't want me around." She began to cry. Jennifer hugged her and Brittany laid her head on her shoulder.

"Oh man!" I said in disgust. Jennifer gave me a dirty look. I held my tongue and thought for a minute. Over the past weeks we had all done everything together. It was rare when any of us was alone.

I had a quick tinge of guilt as I again faced the youth of my two fellow castaways. Both girls were very capable of projecting a façade of maturity. It was easy to forget our circumstances. That we were thousands of miles from familiar homes and families could be hard for these teenagers to bear. Our closeness was a comforting home for them. Not so much for the self assured Jennifer, but particularly with the more sensitive Brittany.

Brittany had her arms around Jennifer and the two were holding each other close. Brittany's head came up and she kissed Jennifer. The kiss lingered and Jennifer responded by tightening her embrace. I was always intrigued in watching these two make love. The gentle way they would touch and caress the other titillated me. Also when I had seen the teenagers become very passionate with the other it had been very sensual.

But, this night it seemed Brittany needed her time. I stood, brushed the sand from myself and went off into the darkness. My departure went unnoticed.
Chapter 15
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 15
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The days and nights passed. I had initially started the practice of marking the passage of time by using a piece of charcoal to scratch dates on a flat piece of wood. I missed several days and had to make a catch-up estimate. Then another remiss and more time slipped by. One night as I watched a new moon crest, I realized I had no idea what day it was or how long we had been here. More significantly the need and importance of the civilized "knowing the time" had unconsciously faded. I was aware of the sun rising and the coming of night. The cycle of tides had become a daily flow in our activities. I had tossed the last vestige of civilized time into the evening fire.

We were hunting.

I was perched on a tree branch high above a faint game trail the girls had found. I was naked except for my genitalia that were stuffed into a loose leather jock-like pouch. I had learned early and painfully why the savages in National Geographic always seemed to be wearing something like this in the bush. I held a heavy but well-balanced spear above my head as I peered into the clearing below me.

The smaller females seemed to be able to slip through the undergrowth unimpeded.

There was a whistle and the thick foliage rustled. A fat hog-like rodent burst squealing into view. A painted Jennifer suddenly appeared as she stepped from the dark green mass of the jungle. She seemed to leap across the clearing.

She was magnificent.

Jennifer was a beautiful brown blur of sleekly naked Amazon. She ran with a spear poised above her head.

I watched in awe.

She cast the spear and dropped the animal cleanly. The spear had entered its hindquarters and sunk in a foot. The beast squealed and spun in a circle. A running Brittany came at it from the side and with a wicked-looking homemade machete nearly detached its head at the spine with a vicious downward stroke. Blood spurted as it jerked and died.

I sat down on the branch and clapped my hands in appreciation. The two huntresses looked up at me. Both looked wildly savage.

The more buxom Brittany had adopted a tied-tight cloth halter for support. Her heaving breasts bulged in their restraint. Red specks of blood clung to the tops of her swelling mounds. She had a low-slung belt and leather machete sheath on her hips. Her long mane of blonde hair, now bleached almost white by the sun, was braided tightly to her head and hung behind her. The almost-white strip of pubic hair stood out from her browned loins. Her neck collar had been interwoven with some colored stones and shells. She held her bloody weapon above her head and screamed in primordial triumph.

The business-like Jennifer planted her foot on the creature and tugged her spear free. She immediately closely examined the tip of her weapon for wear. She was completely naked except for her flower and shell garnished neck collar. The females had discovered body paints by crushing berries, flowers and mixing them with coconut oil. Jennifer had dark green cat-like stripes covering her brown body. I had noticed that a feminine awareness always dictated the war paint application. The swirl of color accented those up-thrust breasts and if your eye followed the pattern flow across her flat stomach and thighs it was carried to a highlighted pubis.

She looked up at me and smiled, her brilliant white teeth shining from her darkened face and reddened lips.

"Red meat tonight!" she proclaimed proudly.

Dinner spat, dripped and steamed on a spit above the fire. Brittany turned it occasionally as she watched Jennifer and me. I had decided some sex before supper would be appropriate.

The cleaned and paint-free Jennifer had her arms stretched out and her hands against a palm tree with her backside thrust back. She balanced on her toes. I stood behind her between her widely spread legs with my erection nearly fully buried in her anus. She had her head down and with my slow in-stroke she moaned, brought her head up and shook the mane of her loose brown hair.

"God that hurts," she said with a grunt.

We had found that boiling coconut shells would release a thick oily goop. While its smell and color was slightly disgusting, it was as good a lubricant as KY jelly. We had practiced anal sex on a regular basis and the slender girl had slowly learned to accept almost a full penetration of her rectum. I was not sure what excited me more, the tightness of this lean girlish frame or my dominance in this act.

I held her hips and began a slow cautious driving. She would try and meet my thrusts but would always pull back at a certain point. My cock had another inch to go to be fully buried. I could feel a tight resistance on my cock head. I pushed at it.

"Oh no more," she writhed under me. "I can't."

"You must," I said simply. "Rub your clit... Refocus."

"Ohhhh God!" She sounded pitiful. But she dropped her hand and I saw her arm begin a slow stroke.

I looked over at the watching Brittany. Her expression was of worried concern. Feeling my attention on her, she dropped her eyes and rotated the meat. The two girls had formed a very tight bond in the past weeks. They seemed to be a constant. Theirs was a relationship beyond my scope. I had noticed that whatever they would be doing was accomplished with a minimum of speech. Their individual movements could almost blend into one seamless action.

"Ohhhh yesss," Jennifer hissed and her arm movement became rapidly frantic. She jerked and bounced on the end of my cock. The teenager had an intense climax. She shuddered in my hands.

I held her against me, the tight resistance suddenly dropped away and I felt my hips mash against her hard bottom as we fully joined. My cock was buried to the hilt in her young ass. I felt her balled butt muscle twitch momentarily and a corresponding squeeze on my cock and then she relaxed.

Her head hung loosely. I began a slow fucking of her tight recesses. She limply accepted me with a very relaxed corresponding rolling motion.

"Good girl," I said soothingly.

From past experience with her I knew that continued prolonged abrasion would only mean more days until our next anal session. I pulled slowly from her. As my dick popped free Jennifer collapsed weakly to her knees and then fell over on her side to lie in a ball in the sand.

I turned and motioned to a cautiously expectant Brittany. She stood and walked over to me, knelt and wordlessly took me in her mouth. Her head began a slow bobbing. I knew she was completely repulsed by where my penis had just been. But the submissive overcoming her prejudices and her compliant obeisance always pleased me.

"Suck it clean now," I said lightly to her. I pulled the glistening cock till the head just rested within her pursed lips. I acted if I was examining myself. Her eyes came up to mine.

"That's my good Brittany," I said then placing my hands on her head I slowly fucked her mouth.

After a moment I had her layback in the sand. Kneeling above her face I lowered my hips to sit on her soft full bosom and began an earnest driving into her tightly ovaled mouth. She had gotten very good at this and was able to maintain an amazing suction on even my most uncontrolled and driving thrusts.

When I came it was so intense I thought she was going to suck the soul out of me.

I rested, crouched over her with my shrinking erection slowly pulling from her now gently kissing mouth. Her tongue was slowly caressing the sensitive tip. She had swallowed every drop of discharge. Her eyes were closed as she was almost in a religious ecstasy as she licked the last remnants from her lips.

I came to my feet and had a fleeting depressive post-coital thought of who was really maintaining an upper hand on this island.

Whatever species that animal might be was tasty.

The hacked and tattered carcass was stuck upright on the end of a length of bamboo in the sand. I was lying back in my hammock letting supper settle. The ever-moving Jennifer squatted in the firelight running a stone against a new spear tip. Brittany was cutting strips of meat from the roast.

We had adapted to one big meal a day. Dinner was no social occasion but life and death business. Talk during this period had been scant. The girls had a whispered conference earlier and I had heard "asshole" mentioned. I had wondered if they were discussing Jennifer's backside. Now only the ever-present sounds of the surf filled the void.

I broke the silence. "Just take her the whole damn thing, Brittany. It will be spoiled by morning anyway."

The blonde looked up me. Her expression was unreadable in the shadowed firelight.

I knew the girls had secretly been feeding Kimberly the past weeks. I had let the breech of rules go un-enforced. It was unspoken knowledge among the three of us. I had not seen Kimberly except from a distance since that last fateful night.

"Tell her I said to enjoy it because that is the last meal she steals from me."

Now both girls stared at me

"That's it. She needs to make up her mind." I added, "Tell her I said there is no help coming."

I believed that to be a fact. If someone were truly looking for us, we would have been rescued by now. I had no idea what god-forsaken corner of the earth we had been blown to by that typhoon, but I had not even seen jet vapor trails in the sky.

"I don't think she will ever do what you want," Brittany said softly.

"Well," I said, "we shall let her starve.'

The girl's exchanged glances.

"I am serious... no more feeding her," I added.

I would like to say that my rule had become an unquestioned absolute with these two teens. But the reality was an almost daily negotiation of status. Rules always seemed to end up having a loophole. I had gained a deep understanding of the alpha male position in a natural setting. Dominance had to be established and reestablished. The survival abilities of the unit would be handicapped if the weaker were spiritually or physically beaten to complete submission. There was a fine line we walked between questioned authority and obedience.

I stretched out a foot and wagged it.

"Tell her she must crawl here completely naked on her belly like a snake and lick the sand from my foot." I added. "That is if she wants to live."

I gave the two my no-nonsense expression and then lay my head back to stare up at the brilliant night sky. I heard the shuffling of their feet, some receding whispers and then just the sea.
Chapter 16
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 16
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

There was a faint brine scent in the breeze, which rustled the overhead palms in a whispery clicking manner. In the mottled shade below I sat upright on our homemade wood stool. Jennifer was using a palm-sized shard of plane fuselage to shave the stubble from my cheeks and neck. She had an uncanny knack of bringing an incredibly sharp edge to this crude razor. She could maintain this with a practiced swiping against the volcanic pumice she kept dangling on a low-slung belt about her bare hips.

Developing this skill had come from the two girls' own need and incentive. Evidently hairy legs were a little too retro for my young heathens.

Brittany sat nearby. She was weaving soft grasses together for new sleeping mats. Today she was tethered by collar and link chain to the overhanging palm tree. This fate was the consequence of a major breach of discipline. I had found Brittany had been stashing portions of her own food to later sneak off to her older sibling. To ensure her future compliance during most of the day the chain's radius was the limit of her world. Unless she was off with me hunting and foraging all her other camp duties lay within this range.

Jennifer's involvement had been uncertain but I was sure she had been aware of the deception. Despite her strenuous denials her punishment had been a rare corporal punishment. Days later the healing whitish stripes still contrasted sharply with her otherwise darkly tanned buttocks.

She ran the edge down my throat. There was only the slightest tugging. The females had concocted a mixture of aloe and coconut oil, which resulted in a thick smooth lather. Female sensibilities had felt the additional need for a barely tolerable sweet pungent scent from crushed flowers to this formula for an all purpose lotion.

She stuck the blade in a conch shell full of water at her feet and then wiped the blade with a thick leaf.

We had been talking about the sea currents and the size of some recent fish we had both seen when she suddenly changed the tone of the conversation.

"Brittany wants to talk to you," she said in a businesslike tone.

I was immediately alert. The more out-going Jennifer was typically the designated spokes person of the two teenagers. This was a bold request from the usually more subordinated Brittany.

Leaning forward Jennifer lifted a finger under my chin and gently tilted my head. She made another swipe and rinsed the blade. Peering closely at the edge, Jennifer ran her thumb along the length. She then pulled out the fist-sized stone and honed it with some quick exact movements.

"Okay," I said, "Lets hear it."

Jennifer re-examined her work then turned to Brittany.

"He said okay, Brit," she told her.

Brittany had been listening. She immediately set down her project and arose. Dragging her chain behind she came to us and knelt at my feet. She kept her head bowed and her hands clasped. If Jennifer exhibited this type of behavior I knew it was probably verging on facetious but with Brittany, her submission always was very sweet and sincere.

"I am so worried about Kimberly," she said as looked at my feet.

I had expected this confrontation for the past week. I knew there was an undercurrent of feminine communication among the three outside of my sphere of awareness. I sat with my eyes closed, head tilted back and listened. Standing behind me Jennifer leaned forward and ran the razor around my Adam's apple.

"Jennifer says Kimberly is having a very hard time. We just can't let her slowly starve to death," Brittany added.

Jennifer flicked her wrist upward to finish the swipe. Using one of the last few tattered cotton rags we had salvaged she rinsed and wiped my neck and face. Then she shifted to face me too.

Brittany reached out a tentative hand and touched my knee.

"Kimberly wants to come and talk to you," she said quietly.

Her eyes were lowered initially but then she hesitantly looked up to watch me.

I stood up. I had taken a second damp rag from Jennifer and was rubbing my entire face. I smiled behind the cloth and then went to my authoritarian look and dropped my hands.

"When?" I asked.

Brittany was immediately cautious and again dropped her eyes and spoke quietly. "We thought maybe she could come for supper." She looked up at me in a truly meek and beseeching manner with those large doe eyes.

I paused a moment as if considering this proposition then conceded, "Well I will NOT change my rules, but she can come and talk" Actually, I thought, some new company would be a welcome change. I found the perspective of seeing the lovely Kimberly after this length of time as a pleasant diversion.

Brittany clapped her hands "YES!" she exclaimed. She leaned forward to hug her lush nakedness tightly against my thighs.

I stepped back breaking the embrace and in the process clumsily knocked the stool over. I had found that the more my dick got involved in these power negotiations the less bargaining room I maintained.

"But you slaves had better behave. This will not be a three against one battle," I said sternly.

I touched Brittany's nose with my finger. "BEST behavior. You know EXACTLY what I mean," I added looking at both girls.

"Oh we will! I promise," giggled an exuberant Brittany as she rose from her knees. The girls huddled and immediately began making excited plans.

I walked away from the two and began making my own plans.

Jennifer and Brittany had envisioned some type of Hawaiian luau at dusk. I had complained about not being involved in the decision to change my routine to such a late dinnertime. But then despite myself had become involved with their preparations. I had fabricated several torches on bamboo poles and stuck them around the camp. I had used tightly wrapped fronds, which I had sprinkled with a bit of our precious hoard of JP5. The intrepid Jennifer had speared and skillfully pulled ashore a small shark. Over the weeks Brittany had progressively developed her culinary skills. She had been busy about the camp all afternoon.

At the last gleam of sunset I had sparked the torches. The wind caught the suspended fires and whipped the flames. The torchlight cast on the sand was a deep red. The shifting and pulsating shadows gave the camp an unsettling ominous aura.

"Welcome to the Devil's Lair," I mused to myself as I swung back and forth in the hammock. I was sitting upright and sideways with my arms out-stretched and my feet dangling. I watched Jennifer and our evening's guest as they approached on the twilit beach. Kimberly looked gorgeously civilized next to the accompanying dark and savagely naked teenager. Kimberly had somehow reclaimed an outfit from the plane's salvage. The designer safari clothes were clean and tailored even if slightly wrinkled. Her hair was brushed out, shiny and full of body. She was dark from the sun. She swung a loose pair of sandals in her hand as she walked barefoot in the sand. Evidently the girls had been sharing more than food with her as I could see subtle evidence of some of the familiar homemade cosmetics on her lips, cheeks and eyes.

She came and stood before me. I made no attempt to cover my nakedness. My very casual reclining posture with my legs wide spread created a focal point at my groin. Kimberly's eyes darted quickly about the camp as she attempted to find something she could look at, that wasn't so blatantly displayed. Brittany, of course naked and leashed, knelt quite self-consciously on a grass mat by my side.

"Welcome," I gestured with my hand ceremoniously. I gave the newcomer a big warm smile. "Sit" I motioned to a mat next to her sister. "Please sit and be welcome Kimberly"

"Hey Kimberly" Brittany said and made a little wave. She was blushing.

Kimberly smiled crookedly. She seemed to be trying to convey a sense of normalcy. She turned and then demurely lowered herself to the mat tucking her skirt about her folded legs.

Brittany arose at my signal and busied herself with helping Jennifer to serve. Dinner tonight was tender shark steaks with strips of fruit, berries and a cooked tuber-like root. After serving the adults the two teens knelt in the sand beside me. I would reach over and feed the girls pieces of food from my plate. This means of serving had been hotly discussed earlier. The girls had envisioned some type of communal Hawaiian luau. I had ultimately vetoed that idea. The matter was completely resolved now as both chatted unabashedly with our guest only to pause to open their mouths to lick an offered morsel from my fingers. I thought Kimberly consumed her own food rather quickly and hungrily.

After dinner the two girls rose and moved about the fire cleaning up as they continued chatting at length about family and friends back home. I caught and tugged Brittany's chain as she passed me interrupting her happy recollection of some nostalgic moment with her sister. I indicated she was to join me on the hammock. She blushed, looked at her older sister then started to climb in beside me. Grasping her by her arms I pulled her so she was in my lap. The typically warm and responsive girl's movements were hesitant and wooden in my embrace.

"Oh please don't make me do anything," she whispered earnestly in my ear as she settled in my embrace. I could tell she was trying to avoid contact between her nakedly vulnerable bottom and my cock. She had darted glances at my lap as if there were a coiled python there. I patiently positioned her in my arms.

I turned to Kimberly who had gained a high flush on her cheeks and a set look to her eyes." Now that we are comfortable let's have our talk," I said.

I ran my hand up to palm Brittany's full grapefruit-like breast, which I squeezed in a possessive manner. I caught a nipple and slowly rolled it between my thumb and forefinger until it became engorged.

"Oh please!" Brittany closed her eyes and shook her head. She whispered and squirmed. "It is so embarrassing"

I ignored her protestations and smiled at Kimberly. "Did the girls tell you my full terms?" I asked.

Brittany stiffened at this and turned to her head to see her sister's response. I saw that Jennifer had stopped doing chores and was also watching the exchange closely.

Kimberly stared at me. Then she dropped her eyes. "I heard," she said very quietly.

"It is not bad here, Kimberly," I said. "We eat well and sleep in a warm dry hut. We take care of each other's needs."

I knew the flimsy sand floor lean-to she had been living in had collapsed twice from recent storms. I imagined it was in a constant ongoing and advanced state of disrepair.

Glancing at Kimberly's fingers clutched in her lap I noticed that hard existence had roughened those elegant hands. The long painted nails were long gone. She had a new slight gauntness about her face that the cosmetics couldn't fully smooth.

I slid my hand down Brittany's back to between the cheeks of her suddenly tense ass. I gently probed lower for her sex. My finger found her vulva and I began a slow stroking caress.

The young woman shifted on my lap. She breathlessly hissed again in my ear "Oh no... please." Despite her protestations her body's natural response betrayed her. Her quim was slick and hot.

The teenager buried her face in my shoulder to hide her shame from her older sister.

"Why do you always have to be such an asshole?" Kimberly asked abruptly. She had turned her head and was looking at the sea to avoid the sight of her sibling's torment.

I sat as if I was considering her question. The hard-bodied teenagers squirming and protestations had fired my libido and I was gaining an erection.

Brittany was immediately aware of the new throbbing pressure on her bottom. Her hand had moved to her lap and she had demurely tried to push away my rising cock from where it pushed and rose between her thighs.

I lightly slapped her fingers, which she quickly withdrew. Adjusting her in my lap, shifting my hips and aligning my cock I guided my hardness up and against her vagina. I gave her thigh a squeeze. She understood my gesture's meaning and did not resist the coming penetration. Her coiled position did not permit a full joining, but I found the new angle and even partial immersion was an exquisitely silken treat.

She slightly nipped my shoulder. I heard a very low pitiful whisper "Oh no, no, no"

I lay my hand on her hip and moved her so there was a tighter joining between us.

"Now move your pussy on your Master's cock, Brittany. You know very well how I like you to do it," I instructed.

I saw Brittany steal another quick glance at her sister. Kimberly had kept her head turned and was staring down the beach. Brittany turned back to me and with downcast eyes began rolling her hips in a slow rhythm against me. The hammock slowly swung with her movement. After a moment her motion became slower and more relaxed. I noticed her breathing had deepened.

Like my other island skills, sex had developed into a practiced well-used art. I had come to know well the flow of feminine responses in regard to this particularly responsive young lady. I paused to the moment as she moved on me and I correspondingly pushed down on her thigh and slowly thrust myself up. I felt myself slide deeper into our coupling.

Brittany gasped a quiet moan and her head went back. Her closest arm snaked around my neck for support. She involuntarily squeezed her pelvic muscles. Almost languorously Brittany slid a leg over my lap to straddle and face me. She laid her forehead against my chest and I felt her pelvis seem to soften as she settled to fully join us. Her hand squeezed the back of my neck. Her face rose slowly to mine and I saw a slight smile cross her lips. Her eyes were lidded and smoky.

"Master you are sooo bad," Kimberly murmured.

We kissed.

"GOD I hate you! Why are you doing these TERRIBLE things to us you BASTARD?" Kimberley hissed.

I broke Brittany's kiss and looked down at the upset woman. I gave her a satisfied smile. "I do it because I can," I shrugged. "I like it and these two have few complaints."

Kimberly's face was tightly set in a rictus of anger. Suddenly she looked down and her shoulders began to heave slightly. I realized she was crying.

"I am really tired of you Kimberly," I told her coldly.

"The time has come for you to make up your mind. If you want to live here and survive, then you will do as I say. There will be no equals here. You will have to obey me as your Master. You will be just another slave girl. Otherwise, just get out of here. Go live in your miserable shack and slowly starve to death eating stinking rotten fish. I don't care if you die out there. You will make up you mind NOW or just go. This WILL be the last time I make this offer," I said.

Immediately after my last statement there was an odd skip in time accented by a rare absence of beach sound. Then the abruptly crashing boom of the rising surf seemingly punctuated the significance of a new reality.

Kimberly continued to stare down. Her shoulders trembled. She sniffed and I saw her wipe at her eyes and nose. Without looking at us she rose to her feet, and in a beaten manner turned to walk away.

Brittany pivoted on my lap as she twisted her torso, "Kimberly, NO!" she pleaded.

Kimberly stopped with her back to us. There was another long moment. Her hands clenched then relaxed. She slowly turned to look at her sister. "Okay, okay. I will agree. I really don't have any other choice," she added with a resigned choked sob.

I smiled in satisfied triumph.

"I want you to strip naked," I commanded.

My words seem to cut her and she visibly cowered from the new tone of my voice.

Her self-confidence and resistance were gone. Her hands came up and she slowly unbuttoned her blouse. She shrugged it off her shoulders and let it fall to the sand. She unfastened her skirt and it dropped about her ankles. She wore only a lacy bra and dainty thong panties. It occurred to me that her underwear seemed softly feminine for such an avowed ball-buster. Her large breasts bulged and strained at the skimpy confines of the bra as she bent forward to pull the skirt from her feet. She stood holding her clothes as if uncertain of the next step.

"Just drop them and get out of that silly underwear Kimberly," I told her. "You will always be naked for your Master."

She dropped her clothes to the sand, and then inclined her head forward as she reached back to unfasten the bra. She shrugged her shoulders and her full bosom jiggled into view. Her meager diet had not caused her to lose any cup size that I could see.

Hooking her thumbs in her tiny panties she pushed them to her knees. When she bent forward to pull them off I had a tantalizing side view of how firm and gravity-defying her breasts were.

"Well, Miss Playmate, from now on we must always keep those big beautiful titties free and ready for their new owner's enjoyment," I commented.

She took a deep breath, holding her hands rigidly at her side, blushing and looking down she acted as if she was going to walk back to her mat and sit down.

"Whoa girl!" I said. "Just stand there and let me look at you."

She halted and stood dejectedly under my inspection.

She was a beautifully sensual woman. I understood fully now why she had received so much acclaim when she had posed nude. The airbrush artist or surgeon couldn't have added a thing to improve what nature had bestowed on her. The mass of blonde hair, the voluptuous figure, the flat stomach, the tapered waist, creamy thighs and long legs formed a near perfect vision of a wet-dream Aphrodite.

She had somehow kept her blonde pussy shaved to a neat strip. I saw that she had the lighter mane of the two sisters.

"Kneel," I said unceremoniously.

Her head came up and our eyes met. She blinked and dropped her eyes then slowly lowered herself to her knees.

Brittany had forgotten her position in my lap and was watching her sister intently. I turned my head and noticed Jennifer who was watched by the fire. She had a slight smirk on her face as she enjoyed the turn of events. I realized she was relishing this fall of the mighty.

"Jennifer," I ordered. "Go fetch the new collar I made."

Jennifer broke her bemused reverie of whatever private thoughts she was having. She turned to me and saw my expression, then broke into a delighted smile and rose to run into the hut. She emerged a minute later with the hanging strap and started toward me.

"No, you collar her," I said.

Again Jennifer and I exchanged looks. She raised her eyebrows and I winked at her. She smiled and turned to Kimberly. She walked up next to her and put the flat of her hand behind Kimberly's head pushing her forward.

"On your hands and knees, you stupid bitch!" she barked.

Kimberly had an expression of surprised alarm at this unexpected show of power. But she obeyed and went forward on her hands.

Brittany had also reacted to this new situation. She turned to me and began to open her mouth with what I knew was going to be a stupid question. I pinched her.

"Aren't you supposed to be fucking me?" I asked her. We were still fully joined and if anything my penis was in a more turgid state of arousal.

Brittany jerked as she remembered her duties and immediately began to gyrate her hips.

Jennifer raised a bent leg and placed her knee and weight in the middle of Kimberly's back. Jennifer leaned forward to push Kimberly's long hair away from her neck. Kimberly's head came up and she shook the hanging long mass from her face. Our eyes again met through her tresses. I smiled at her. She looked sadly resigned.

It took the adept Jennifer only a few minutes to join the bands together. When she finished she sat back resting her weight on Kimberly and ran her finger under the leash. She tugged it causing Kimberly's head to come up sharply.

"Master, I think this new slave might please you after she has been properly trained." Jennifer commented sagely looking at the back of Kimberly's now straining head.

Kimberly was gasping and she brought a hand up as if to relieve the pressure. Jennifer sharply slapped the side of her head. Kimberly's hand dropped but she continued to shake her head in a negative fashion.

"But she has much to learn." Jennifer added. "You should let me teach her. I would enjoy having my own personal toy to play with."

The same fascinating idea had dawned on me too.

"Maybe" I answered. "But right now she needs to acknowledge her true new owner. Crawl to me now, Kimberly," I added.

Jennifer stood back, but not without pushing her knee down hard on Kimberly's back and causing a resultant forward motion with Kimberly's hands sinking into the deep sand.

Without raising her head Kimberly began to immediately crawl toward me.

"No," I ordered, "like a snake. Keep your arms at your side. As low as you can slide."

Her head was bowed deeply. I heard her take a deep breath and lower herself fully into the sand. She kept her arms at her sides and began a back and forth belly squirm toward me. She would lift her hips driving those full breasts into the loose sand and then push forward. She never raised her face from above the sand. She left a furrow in the beach behind her.

I was impressed with her thoroughly demeaning obeisance.

She stopped with her head poised by my feet. She was breathing hard and there was sheen of sweat on her back.

Brittany never stopped her slow up and down slide on my cock but she appeared hypnotized by her sister's actions. She had twisted her head to observe the full progress.

I set a sandy foot on the tousled mass of blonde hair.

I looked up and smiled at Jennifer who had walked behind the prone Kimberly. She was watching the older woman's unexpectedly complete submission with wide-eyed pleasure.

I ran my foot through the new slave's hair and set it before her face, I wiggled my toes so they brushed her lips.

"Lick all the sand from your Master's feet," I directed her.
Chapter 17
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 17
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

Two of the torches had sputtered and gone out. The last few maintained weak undulating cone-shaped mantels. The naked prostrate Kimberly seemed to softly radiate in the subdued light.

Her head was bowed with her blond hair swirled out across the sand. Slowly she raised her face and pensively rubbed her cheek against my foot. I felt the coarse scratch of the sand against her soft skin. She turned her face and I saw the tip of her tongue emerge from parted lips to touch my big toe. Sparkling silica crystals clung to the red tip. She licked the toe several more times until it shined with her saliva. I saw her turn her head and delicately spit grit from her mouth. She immediately returned to her task, twisting her tongue to clean between the big toe and the next digit. I saw she was focused on her duties as if determined to do a good job.

I was impressed with Kimberly's unexpectedly complete submission. I looked up to catch Jennifer's attention. She met my gaze and raised an eyebrow as if saying, "What do we have here?"

Kimberly had licked several toes clean. I pushed my big toe against her lips and forced it in. "Suck on it, little Kimberly," I told her. She lightly kissed the toe and then took it between her pursed lips. Then I felt the slight pressure and warmth of her mouth's suction.

"Jennifer I do believe this new wench may work out after all," I said and looked up to again meet Jennifer's eye. "But I am not going to have time to train her and provide food both. I want you to do it. You know my needs and how I expect my slaves to behave. She is your responsibility for however long it takes. I don't want you to spare any punishment just because she might be older and slow. If you must whip her continuously to force her to obey then just do it."

I looked down. Kimberly was sneaking apprehensive glances up at me. But she had continued her subservient licking. Her parted lips were ringed with a fine dusting of sand.

"Do you understand what I am saying, Kimberly?" I asked her. "You belong to Jennifer. She is your Mistress. You will call her that or however she wants to be addressed. You must do everything exactly as she tells you. I don't want to hear of a single problem. Is this understood?"

Kimberly blinked and meekly lowered her eyes. Then nodded her head.

"Tell me," I ordered.

She quickly looked up at me and then meekly twisted her head to look over her shoulder to the closely hovering Jennifer. "Jennifer owns me now." She said quietly.

Brittany had been watching all of this as best she could. I had pressed her head flat on my chest so I could fully observe her sister at my feet. Brittany had become distracted and forgot herself. Her hip movements had become increasingly sporadic. I reached down to cup the underside of her hard teenaged ass and squeezed. Using this purchase I slowly ground her loins down against my up thrust cock till our pelvic bones mashed. She immediately responded and trembled in my tight embrace making a slight moan. Then I felt another shiver run through her.

"That is so nice," She whispered. She followed this with a deep sigh and her head came up next to mine and she whispered in my ear. "Jennifer will make her eat her out. She will HATE that. She is SO straight."

I knew this too and was anticipating being a witness to the event. "Uh huh," I replied. "Right now you just need to worry about getting me off," I instructed her. I pinched both cheeks hard for encouragement.

She squealed. Our eyes locked and she began an earnest riding of my shaft. She had learned a few tricks of her own. I had noticed a continued growth in strength and control of her cervical muscles. My size at the beginning of the relationship had intimidated her. But with constant practice she had learned the ability to tighten specific inner muscles to a point were it felt like a strong hand was firmly squeezing me. I tried not to let on to her what this felt like when she used her new trick. But the fact that my eyes would subsequently roll back in my head when she performed it must have clued her. I knew this was a satisfaction to her in having some power over me.

Watching me closely she proceeded to give me the full treatment. I clenched my teeth as she rose and tightened a near band of hard muscle around the crown of my penis. She held this position and then slowly slid down the full length of my cock. Rising again she began a purposeful and demanding up and down stroking motion.

I again saw her slight smile. She was very aware of what she was doing to me. Lying on my back on the near free-floating hammock I was unaccustomedly at her mercy. The only control I could maintain was my still firm grasp of her buttocks. The hammock swung and squeaked with our exertions. She countered the rhythm of the swinging arc and would use an out-of-sync motion to thrust away and then back into me. Slowly we rode a building crescendo and finally climaxed.

Spent I caught my breath and refocused on the real world. With my attention on coitus and Brittany I had pulled my feet up and away from Kimberly. Jennifer had pulled her away from us to the campfire. Kimberly knelt at her new Mistress's feet as Jennifer instructed her on how to clean the gear. I heard Kimberly preface a question with "Jennifer" which resulted in an immediate openhanded cuff to the back of her blonde head.

"MISTRESS, you stupid, dumb thing!" Jennifer told her scornfully.

Kimberly winced away from her. "Please... MISTRESS... I am trying," She choked, "This is hard for me."

Jennifer looked in my direction and shook her head as if saying, "She is hopeless." There was a fire in her eyes. I realized she was really enjoying this.

I said, "Jennifer you have the time. Do what you have to do."
Chapter 18
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author


Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 18
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

With the rising full moon I figured we had been on the island seven months. We still maintained the large SOS on the beach and the ready signal fire. But these tasks had become simple routine, losing importance as critical necessities. Civilization was becoming a fading memory as we adapted to the realities of our island existence.

Kimberly was at the bottom of the new social hierarchy. She had to learn all the tedious drudge jobs necessary for a clean, functioning camp that the other girl's had come to loath. It was not that that the work was so hard but being the "low man" on the totem pool was a stigma. This position had become known unaffectionately as the "camp slut".

Kimberly's responsibilities included the campfire, cooking, cleaning, salvaging and in her spare time the monotonously ongoing weaving and repair of the grass mats we sat and sleep on.

Her Mistress was a diligent taskmaster. Jennifer instinctively used methods of negative and positive reinforcement as she taught Kimberly what was expected of her. I immediately perceived Kimberly was going to be a better "campslut" than the two prior versions had been.

I noticed the rough sheet metal plates we cooked from immediately lost the imbedded dark build-up from the surface cracks and folds. The previous kitchen help had sworn this infused matter was ingrained. The fire seemed to smoke less and the food was more carefully prepared. I had been pleased to find my supper without the typical scorched edges. I had come to accept these annoyances and their sudden absence was not missed. Kimberly was instantly recognized as having a calling.

Jennifer would not let her stand upright the first few days. She was forced to crawl or crab walk. Jennifer would walk her down to the beach on a leash like a dog to relieve herself. But, as it became evident this hampering means of locomotion was hindering Kimberly's efficient abilities, Jennifer loosened her rein somewhat.

We had come to crave red meat. Monkey meat was tough and good only in a stew. When we would bring down one of the "rat pigs" there was exuberance about the camp. These animals were crafty and had become aware of our threat. They would squeal and vanish at the first sign of us. We had to use all our developing skills to kill them.

The previous evening Jennifer had taken Kimberly hunting. They had spent the night at our hunting "high camp." At dawn Jennifer planned to stake out at a well-marked water hole she had found. At dusk I had watched the pair depart. A regal Jennifer leading and Kimberly, burdened by spears and other equipment, close behind.

The next morning they returned in triumph. I had seen them emerge from the jungle with their prize suspended from a pole they carried between them. We always slaughtered a quarter mile from the camp at an oddly wind-bent palm. The palm's low-slung strength permitted an easy method of hanging the carcass. Jennifer was now instructing Kimberly on how to butcher. Kimberly knelt attentively at the standing Jennifer's feet. The creature was dangling upside down by a single back leg.

Jennifer ran her stone down the edge of her machete. "You cut here, here and here," she demonstrated. Using the knife she slit opened the carcass from chest to abdomen. A mass of guts spilled out splashing the too close Kimberly with blood and offal. Kimberly shuddered but did not move.

I walked up on the two at this moment. Kimberly turned her head to me. She looked forlorn. Blood speckled her beautiful features.

"Now reach in there and pull all those guts out so I can cut it clear," an all-business Jennifer instructed. Again Kimberly shuddered. But bravely she reached up and avoiding contact until the last moment made a gingerly touch, then a full grasp of the inner intestines.

"Pull it down," Jennifer said as she reached in and cut.

The ropy mass dropped nearly in Kimberly's lap. She let out a quiet moan and I could see was fighting an overwhelming impulse to recoil backwards.

Jennifer seemed assured of her slave's training and continued to concentrate on finishing her gruesome task. She cut the lungs and heart free and held them to Kimberly.

"Go set those in the sun. They will draw crabs to the traps tonight," she said and pushed them against the older woman's outthrust bosom. Kimberly's hands came up and she grasped the formless mass to herself. I saw blood pool in the deep cavity of her breasts from a draining cavity of the creature's heart. As she stood I watched rivulets trail down her smooth stomach and legs. Kimberly hurried into the sunlight leaving bloody footprints in the sand.

I watched her go and found myself desiring her in some strong primitive fashion.

"Jennifer I think the time has come for Kimberly," I said.

Jennifer had been concentrating as she precisely cut some of the tender muscle at the loin. She looked over at me and smiled broadly.

"I wondered how long you could hold off wanting your share of that prime stuff," she replied. She dropped the choice cut on a nearby metal plate. "Any particular way you want it served ol' Master?" she asked smirking.

"Rare" I said.

After the butchering the two girls were in need of a bath. Jennifer suggested I come along and witness Kimberly's new talent. She told me that the switch had overcome Kimberly's initial refusal to perform cunnilingus. Jennifer added that over the past couple days she had shown progressive improvement. The nearby silent Kimberly had blushed in embarrassment at Jennifer's words.

At the pool Kimberly knelt between a regally sitting Jennifer's thighs. The two females were in the clear shallows below the falls. There was a partially submerged rock there, which was very convenient for sitting while washing. The water rose to the Kimberly's nipples, which had tautened in the coolness. Their buoyancy lifted her large breasts. Both girl's glistened nakedly in the waterfall's mist.

Kimberly was carefully shaving her mistress's legs with one of the "razors". Jennifer would raise the leg being administered to from the water and rest it on Kimberly's shoulder. She had finished both legs and used a cloth rag to rinse off the residue. I was nearby floating on my back in the sun and casually watching them. Because of distance and the waterfall I could not hear the conversation but I noticed Jennifer had pulled herself higher on the rock and spread her legs wide. She was indicating her pubic region. I saw the pink flash of her gaping vagina.

Kimberly had set back and was staring at the offered sex before her. Jennifer was watching her closely. I saw her lips move and Kimberly nodded her head. Kimberly looked over her shoulder at me then on her knees moved closer between Jennifer's thighs. Kimberly reached over Jennifer's leg to the conch shell we kept the lotion in and scooped up a measure with her fingers.

Kimberly gently lathered the junction of Jennifer's thighs. Jennifer favored a distinctly neat tuft. Jennifer leaned back on her hands with her face raised upward and her eyes closed. Then her head came forward and frowning in displeasure and she rapped Kimberly's head with a knuckle.

I could not hear the scolding but Kimberly immediately began a more earnest and vigorous working of the area. Jennifer seemed more satisfied. She waved at me. She was luxuriating in her power.

I had noticed a pattern of behavior with our Kimberly. When commanded to step in a direction she perceived as "wrong" she would balk. But, once she had reassured herself and conveyed to us that she knew she had no other choice, and then she would devote herself totally to what had been ordered of her.

Now she used her fingers to gently pull the fold of her mistress's labia. Jennifer had a very wide spaced gap between her slender legs. This area Kimberly shaved. Finally I saw her carefully edge her mistress's unique hairstyle. Kimberly used a wet rag to rinse her handiwork and sat back. Jennifer leaned forward and closely inspected the completed job. She approved and smiled. Then I saw her telling Kimberly something. Kimberly's head drooped forward in a manner as of accepting resignation.

Jennifer smiled and I saw her say something again. Kimberly's head came up and again Kimberly shook her head back and forth. Then immediately she reached up and laid a hand on Jennifer's thigh. She scooted forward and I saw her lower her head between Jennifer's thighs.

Jennifer seemed happy. She reached down and grabbed a handful of Kimberly's blonde tresses. Holding this knot as a purchase she used it to bring Kimberly's face deep within her widely spread thighs. Jennifer said something to the initiate fellatrix.

I saw Kimberly's head make some slight motions. Jennifer closed her eyes and her mouth parted. Her toes curled. At this point I began to paddle towards the two. Jennifer dreamily opened her lidded eyes and watched me approach. She shivered.

My splashing alerted the occupied Kimberly and she attempted to pull back on her heels. Jennifer maintained the grip on Kimberly's hair so resigned, she hung her head and closed her eyes as to block the vision of me witnessing her degradation. There was a shiny wetness to her lips.

I smiled and said, "Please don't let me spoil you girls' fun. Kimberly, don't stop what you were doing. I hear you have become very accomplished at eating pussy."

Kimberly blushed hotly at my crude words. Shamefully she looked up at me. Jennifer used her hand full of hair as a purchase and twisted Kimberly's head back to her sex. "We don't mind you watching, Master. Do we, Kimberly?" she asked lightly.

If Kimberly had a reply it was muffled.

Jennifer smiled at me. "She has a wonderful tongue. She made me cum more times than I can count yesterday," she commented.

"Can she lick as well at different positions?" I asked. My dick had hardened and I decided the time was ripe to sample Kimberly.

Jennifer noted my erection. "Well you should experiment and see," she replied.

I reached down into the water and grabbed Kimberly's hips. I lifted and she complied by rising from her kneeling position. Her bottom rose from the water. It was a very sweet image. I lifted again and she responded by rising to her toes and further presenting herself. Holding her in position with one hand, I used the other to guide my cock to her vagina. Her sex was unexpectedly wet and hotly welcoming.

Her body had a soft fullness of a mature woman as opposed to the lean hardness of the younger girls. I smiled in contentment as I buried myself in her. I thought to myself that this is like driving a Cadillac as compared to the Ferraris I had become accustomed too.

Jennifer had leaned back on her elbows so Kimberly would not have to bend her neck at impossible angle to perform her task She had not released her tight grip on the other female's hair.

I bent forward and grasped Kimberly's submerged breasts. Using the large full orbs for purchase I began a driving rhythm. The water gushed between us. She arced herself and clenched her fists. She jerked and her head burrowed forward between Jennifer's thighs. Jennifer gasped and lay back with her mouth open. I realized the females had just achieved simultaneous orgasms.

I stood upright and used her hips to set the pace for an increased rhythm. Kimberly responded by driving back into me. She pushed herself up on her hands to drive back into me. She was moaning. Jennifer had rested on her elbows and watched us. I caught her eye and she winked at me.

Not slowing my tempo I pounded her continuously through several screaming orgasms. She finally weakened and limply hung on to Jennifer's thighs. Her head was resting on the rock and her mouth was open as she panted. When I came it was long and sweet. I held myself to her until I felt myself soften.
Chapter 19
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author
Open Yahoo! Axis application
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 19
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

I stood high astride the peak of our future home. I flexed my knees and bounced my weight to test the strength of the structure. There was no give. I was satisfied with the permanence of the structure. This project had been ongoing sporadically for the past several months. The amount of time we could focus on this and other tasks varied daily with the amount of effort and time we had to devote to obtain food. Lately with the addition of Kimberly and a heavy fish spawning just offshore our sustenance had been plentiful and easily caught. Thus I had kept everyone busy on completion of our home.

I wiped the sweat from my forehead and noticed Kimberly in the shade below me. She had been with us nearly a week and her status had risen. We discovered she had a talent for weaving grasses into neat strong mats, which we used for sleeping. Previously our attempts at these comforts had been barely adequate and short-lived.

I watched her as she worked. She sat cross-legged and bent forward in concentration. Her movements caused her heavy breasts to sway and jiggle in an erotic fashion. I suddenly decided work was through for the day and jumped to the soft sand below. Kimberly brushed a strand of hair from her face and looked up at my approach. She smiled uncertainly at me when she noticed my rising erection.

Brittany was working nearby on strengthening the hut walls but had stopped to watch me pass. I motioned to her.

"Brittany, come in here I need your help," I ordered. She promptly followed me and in a moment both of us stood above the kneeling Kimberly.

"I have decided you two will work together to get me off," I said. The sisters exchanged a quick glance. "Now Kimberly I want you to lie flat back on your back," I directed.

She seemed startled for a minute as if events were going too fast for her but then set down her work. She leaned back and stretched her legs out. Then she lay flat. She blinked up at me.

I straddled her and lowered myself so I sat on her abdomen. Then I shifted forward so my cock rested between her breasts. "Now Brittany I want you to hold your sister's tits tightly together so I can fuck them," I told her.

Brittany lowered herself and gently placed both hands on her sister's bosom. She tentatively squeezed them together forming a softly silken channel.

I moved myself back and forth. I halted my movement so the penis head had popped up from the two mounds. "Not bad," I commented and then added, "Brittany you better lick my cock so it slides better. The completely tamed Brittany paused, looked at her older sister, and then I felt her tongue lap at my cock as it emerged from her sister's cleavage. After a minute of sensual bathing she fully took it in her mouth to suck.

I told her, "Really suck it, Brittany."

Kimberly attentively watched her little sister. I smiled as I thought of the changes a few weeks could bring. I pulled my hips back pulling my dick from her mouth. There was a wet slurping sound. I started a piston movement my now saliva soaked prick in the valley. "Squeeze them harder," I directed. I reached down placed my hands over Brittany's and squeezed Kimberly's breasts so they bulged upward. "Now hold them like that."

Brittany had to shift herself to rest her weight across Kimberly to get the right leverage but she maintained the pressure I wanted. "That's better," I commented. I had a wonderful view of two sets of large breasts being mashed together. I leaned forward on my toes, placed my hands flat on the ground and started a driving thrust. The girls were rocked under my weight and pounding motion.

Brittany concentrated on my cock's rhythm and when it was within reach she would playfully flick out her tongue and swipe the shiny head. After several minutes I noticed her arms had begun to strain as she struggled to maintain the pressure I desired. Still I continued until the back of my legs began to ache. I slowed and then stopped with my rod poised before Brittany. She immediately moved her head and took it in her mouth until her face was buried in her sister's cleavage. I pulled myself free from the warm embrace and stood. The sisters looked up at me. I reached down and pulled Brittany to her feet. I then showed her how I wanted her next, which was atop Kimberly in a 69 position. There was a slight hesitation but then she settled down with her sex poised above Kimberly's face. Both girls looked at me awaiting my next order. I squatted down behind Brittany and astride Kimberly's head. I reached down and grasping my penis rubbed around the older sister's pursed mouth and nose leaving a trail of secretion. I then pressed it against her lips, which she opened. I slowly fucked her mouth.

I looked down and told Kimberly, "Stick it in Brittany's pussy."

I couldn't see her facial expression but she obediently brought her hand up to grasp the base of my cock. I lifted slightly and I popped free of her mouth. I could feel her head moving as she attempted to see what she was doing. I saw her other hand come up to lift my scrotum, which was lying, approximately on her nose.

"No," I told her, "Use your mouth and tongue for that."

Her head shifted between my legs and I felt the softness of her lips on my sack. After several unsuccessful attempts she succeeded in angling her head and rolling my balls so she could see what she was doing. She rubbed my dick against her sister's vagina and pushed the head in. Despite the fact of her sister's involvement in this act Brittany's pussy was hot and slick. With time her appreciation of sex had grown; nowadays at the first hint of possible sex the young girl's juices flowed.

"Good girls," I told them both. "Now Kimberly, mouth my balls as I fuck your sister."

I felt her mouth widen and engulf my gonads in a warm embrace. I could feel her nose pressing between the crack of my ass. I pulled Brittany to me as I slowly arched forward until I was pressed tightly against her. She shuddered under my grip.

"Now Brittany you must do all the work this time as I can't move and disturb your sister's fun." I told her.

Brittany looked over her shoulder at us. She moved herself back and forth several times as she watched her sister. Then she gyrated her hips and pulled herself nearly off me. She slowly pushed herself back against me. She dropped her head and I heard her moan. Bracing herself on her forearms she then began a slow earnest screwing.

I could feel Kimberly's hot breath on the base of my penis as she attempted to draw her breath with her mouth full and her face buried in its currant position. In consideration I lifted my weight slightly. The three of us held this position for a moment. Brittany was holding her face away from her sister's sex.

Using my hands on her hips I stilled her movements. "Brittany taste your sister and see if she is enjoying this."

Brittany's head was hanging forward and I imagined she was looking at her sister's pussy. She bowed forward further and I felt Kimberly's mouth movements change. I reached down and pinched one of her nipples causing her to squirm. Brittany's head was doing a slow bob. Kimberly's legs came up and then she spread them wider.

I smiled. "Well Brittany is she hot?" I asked. Brittany's head came up and she turned and nodded. "Yes." She answered. "Good" I said. "Now fuck me and get me off." I told her.

Brittany performed her duties well and within minutes had me very close.

I pulled out of Brittany and lifted my balls from her sister's panting mouth. I then angled my dick back down into her open mouth and discharged. She sucked and gulped my seed down.

I came with a strong intensity. The orgasm was of a power I thought the back of my head was coming off. This excitement was typical of a growing new aspect of my sexuality I had come to recognize in the past months. When the sex had an edge to it I had a more powerful reaction. I was still judging the consequences of this new taste and my own view of myself. But, it felt so good.

I took a deep breath and let my softening cock pop free from her still sucking mouth. Relaxed I rested the bulk of my weight on my heels. This position fully buried Kimberly's face in between my legs. Her gasping breath tickled the fine hairs at the base of my scrotum and between my ass cheeks.

I looked up and noticed Jennifer who was sitting watching us. "I thought I was getting to be the biggest 'perv' on the island," she commented. "But I can see I still have a long way to go."

I winked at her.
Chapter 20
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author

Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 20
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

The wind shifted and gusted through the hut. There was a flash of lightning followed by the distant roll of thunder. I sleepily became aware of an approaching storm. The fresh cool breeze played across our intertwined slumbering forms.

Jennifer stirred, took a deep breath and curled deeper into the crook of my arm. Either Brittany or Kimberly's lushness was tightly pressed against my back. I could feel the strong beat of her heart. I gently rolled over. It was Kimberly. I slid a hand up her side to her breast. Filling my hand with its fullness I ran my thumb across a fat nipple. The lightning flashed again and our eyes met.

She moved into me, gripped my erection and began a slow pumping. "We will need to be quiet and not wake the girls," she whispered.

I pushed her to her back and mounted her. We kissed and she guided me into her silken heat. We made slow love, both attempting to muffle our passion. When Kimberly came I placed my hand across her mouth and she bit me. Then minutes later when she came again I followed her. We kissed and silently screamed into the other's mouth.

Afterwards I disentangled myself from various female limbs, took her by the hand and stepped outside to observe the coming front. It was a dark cloudy night full of churning movement and electricity. We walked to the surf line and watched a majestic war of Gods on the far horizon.

We stood at the edge of the world. Shallow spent waves swirled around our feet as the tide crested and ebbed. Silently we held the other and both felt a new wholeness.

Taylor, Jennifer and Brittany had left early that morning to go hunting, leaving Kimberly behind. It was evident that her talents were more domestic than hunting. She was finishing a large mat she had working on for several days. It was her most ambitious undertaking in that it was the joining of two large mats. She planned to fill the cavity with soft grasses. She knew it would be much more comfortable than the flat mats they used now.

She enjoyed the near meditative state she reached while weaving. In this frame of mind she was able to gain a detached perspective of the island life. Kimberly had come to appreciate her time alone.

She had grown into her new responsibilities and place in the social structure gaining self-satisfaction in being submissive. Pleasing Taylor gave her a deep pleasure.

Even acts she once would found degrading now thrilled. She thought that was the key to her enjoyment. Before with Andrew Holt there had ultimately been no love, only taking. It was the love that made the difference. She thought that was the key to her enjoyment.

Taylor still delighted in making Brittany and her perform. She wouldn't tell him she had come to enjoy it. As for her little sister she always anticipated sex and did not seem to care with whom.

She had come to enjoy performing cunnilingus. Jennifer had slowly stopped being so cruel and had even started reciprocating pleasure when they made love. Kimberly smiled woefully and moved her jaw back and forth. "Thank God for that," she thought to herself, "the little minx nearly wore out my face."

Her relationship with Taylor had deepened beyond the two younger girls. There was empathy between them related to their ages. Taylor seemed to seek her company when he was in camp.

He was an amazing lover and wanted her constantly. Yesterday he had made love to her three times. He had been powerfully demanding and she had been completely overwhelmed by his passion. At the memory her fingers fumbled and she had to pause and take a deep breath.

She felt unspoken warmth in their relationship. Giving herself to him was as natural as the life they lived here. She had found her Lord and Master and for once in her life she was truly happy.

She heard footsteps approaching and was surprised at the hunter's early return. She turned to greet them. An armed young man stood above her. He was dark skinned but with oriental features. He brought up his gun and set the barrel between her breasts. He grinned.

We had found the necessity to hunt farther and farther from our base camp as the game became more aware of our threat. The porcine rodent animals had become scarce and for red meat we had to hunt other primates. The monkeys would now start a shrieking alarm at the first sight of us and then rapidly disappear into the distant canopy. We had correspondingly adapted and now split up. Jennifer would hide in ambush with her spear and Brittany and I would circle to drive the prey toward her.

This hunting took more time, effort and patience. On this day it was early afternoon before we were satisfied with our catch. We were approaching the camp from the jungle when the leading Jennifer halted and held up her hand and signaled caution/quiet.

Brittany and I immediately froze and listened. Then I heard the faint sounds of sharp foreign voices. The three of us blended into the foliage and crawled silently to the proximity of the camp.

The alien sight of the intrusion of strangers in our world was jarring to my sense of order. Two armed partially uniformed men were standing over a prostrate and cowering Kimberly. Both men held AK-47s at an attentive ready-arms position. Then a third stepped from the hut. The group had an air of menace about them and I felt the hairs stand on the back of my neck. I instinctively shrank lower into the underbrush as this individual methodically scanned the beach and then the jungle.

The still smoking campfire had evidently been the draw for these visitors. I saw their means of arriving beached in the surf. It was an ancient looking patrol craft. The bleached and chipped painted insignia on the bow was unfamiliar to me.

The men had a swarthy oriental look to them. The darkness of their skin suggested Polynesian but they were too short and slender for that race. Their faded khaki uniforms were worn and mismatched.

My attempt of national origin determination was abruptly forgotten when the evidently senior member of the trio barked a guttural question at Kimberly and then brutally kicked her in the ribs. The other's laughed as the naked beauty twisted in agonized pain at their feet.

I heard one of the girl's gasp and I turned my head to see a rising Brittany, drawing her machete and poising to charge to the rescue.

I made a nearly inaudible hiss. Brittany jerkily rotated her head toward me. Her eyes were dilated and wild with angry fear. I shook my head in an urgent negative fashion and motioned her down. The expression on her face changed to an anguished dismay as she realized the futility of a rescue attempt against the heavily armed men.

I motioned for the girls to fall back. We regrouped minutes later in the depth of the jungle. Brittany was nearly hysterical with a frantic anxiety. I held her trembling form in my arms and whispered for her to take "deep breaths" and "that right now her sister needed her to be very brave"

I had improvised a quick plan if for no other reason than to give the girls something to focus on. It was very simple. We needed to wait until dark to make our move. I frantically weighed our options and attempted to think out a plan. Against the evidently trained and heavily armed soldiers we had no immediate chance that I could see.

I was glad the two young girls obeyed me. I hoped their survival learning would hold true. I had a terrible premonition that the next few hours would be awful. Drastic or rash action must be held in check until we had an opportunity to rescue Kimberly.

With coming darkness we had split up and approached the camp from two different angles. I had over emphasized my strict order "that no matter what happened in that camp they were to do nothing until I signaled."

That was my new plan. I wanted to somehow draw the soldiers from Kimberly toward me and give the teens a chance to come in from behind and grab her. It was a dangerous move but all I could think of.

The next hours built into an eternity of horror. This trio was not on any kind of official mission. It appeared to be some kind of drunken overnight misadventure and the finding of Kimberly was just added fun. The men had been drinking heavily since I had first seen them. Their demeanor had grown progressively uncontrolled and frightening. They had initially attempted to get their new "guest" to drink with them by forcing what by Kimberly's resulting reaction was a vile liquid down her throat. Bored with this they had used their fists on her. Then when all she could do was lie in a cowering ball at their feet, they kicked her. Then they raped her one after another.

Kimberly's tormentor's needs were beyond simple lust. They seemed to have a raw animal hatred for her. They were not be satisfied with having passive sex with a completely subdued woman, but seemed more excited if she struggled. As time past they were becoming more inventive in their attempts to goad a reaction from her.

I lay helpless in the darkness. These "soldiers" had a degree of military training. Their weapons hung loosely "at ready" from their shoulders. I knew the way they habitually touched and checked the positioning of their piece meant familiarity.

Finally the more senior of the trio had become bored with the fun. Earlier in the light I had seen him carefully scan the jungle several times. I was sure he was suspicious Kimberly was not alone. But as he had gotten more intoxicated his caution had faded. He had laughingly encouraged his younger charges to continue and taking a bottle in one hand and his weapon in the other had headed into the dark hut. I saw him enter the doorway and immediately collapse to our mats. As time slowly passed I realized he was certainly out cold in there.

The two remaining men had grown bored with their worn-out source of amusement. One leaned his AK-47 against a palm, picked up a bamboo pole from our building material and flexed it. He laughingly told his comrade something. The other looked up from urinating and yelled back. The first approached her and using his foot he rolled Kimberly over to her stomach.

"Oh, shit," I said.

He began roughly poking the bamboo between Kimberly's buttocks as he attempted to find her anus. She was not unconscious and she responded by crying and attempting to squirm away from the intrusion. The other man had approached and placed his foot on her neck, driving her face deeply into the loose sand. Her struggles grew frantic as she was suffocated.

I had found a perfectly rounded stone in the streambed months ago and kept it aside in my pouch because of its heft and symmetry. During the past hours I had tightly held this golf ball sized rock in my sweaty palm as I lay impotently in the darkness.

I realized the time had come and made my decision.

I fit the stone in the slingshot's pouch and I checked my machete on my belt. I arose from the darkness and walked purposively into the firelight. As I approached I brought the weapon up and pulled the sling taut. I steadily aligned it the face of the one facing me. He was busy grinding Kimberly's face deeper in the sand. I wanted to get as close as possible for the surest shoot I could get. My feet swished in the sand. He looked up. His slack grin changed to alarm and he reached down to the ready automatic weapon at his side.

My months of hunting had paid off. I unleashed the stone. There was a solid TWACK of bone being pulverized. The stone was half buried dead center of his forehead. His eyes bulged and collapsed down hard. The other soldier, busy with his bamboo, looked up, saw his comrade and then twisted toward me. His misplaced weapon was yards away. He lunged for it. Neither of us could gain purchase as we scurried in the loose sand.

I thought for a moment of the similarity between the back of his head and a coconut. That was just the way I used my machete to split his skull when I caught him.

Not breaking stride I spun and ran back to the motionless Kimberly. I grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head up from the sand. Her face was a mask of sand. Frantically I dug the sand from her mouth. I reached behind her and thumped the middle of her back. She coughed a spurt of sand and two frightened big blue eyes opened on the blank sand face and looked at me. The weariness softened as she recognized me. Then changed again to alarm, as she looked behind me. I heard motion and had started to turn when the back of my head was hit with blinding shock.

I realized I was lying down as a continuously and annoying hard rapping on my forehead brought me up out of a black unawareness. I complained and opened my eyes. The starry grayness of the night sky was filled with the huge vast black hole of an AK-47 resting between my eyes. The remaining soldier stood above me and screamed shrill commands as he scanned the jungle. He pushed the barrel hard against my head and screamed again. I watched in a perverse fascination as his finger whitened with pressure on the trigger.

Then his finger twitched and I thought I should be dead. But the sound I heard had not been a retort, but an odd slap. The cold metal pressure against my forehead fell away.

He grunted and I felt him fall next to me. I turned my head and we looked into each other's eyes. I noticed he had sand grains on his iris. His tongue slowly protruded from his teeth and he coughed out a spray of blood. He blinked and was dead. I closed my eyes.

The sun was coming up. The headache I had kept bringing me out of a blessed state of unconsciousness. I turned my head and saw the furrow in the sand were the girls had dragged me to the hammock. Three dead men where clustered at the point where the trail began. The officer was twisted in an odd position. Jennifer's spear transfixed his back and continued out a foot from his chest and into the sand.

"We found some aspirin in the boat." Kimberly told me as she held out some white tablets. I gulped down the pills and took a drink of water. I heard them discussing a radio and the slow realization dawned on me that the craft had a short wave. I heard Brittany telling Jennifer it was just like her dad's "CB".

I felt a cool caresses on my forehead and turned my face. Kimberly was peering into my eyes. Her left eye was swollen shut, her nose was probably broken and when she smiled I could see a bad laceration on her lip "Hey hero." She said softly. "They almost got us didn't they?" She laid her head on my chest and as I felt her tears on my skin.

The excitement in Jennifer's voice made me look up. "I am talking to someone in English!" She was screaming in joy.

A moment later Brittany came running up and asked me "What kind of boat is the Kitty Hawk?"

I started to laugh. "You girls had better be ready to go native. Start gathering grasses for skirts. The way you look now might cause a mutiny." I continued to laugh. It made my head pound but I couldn't stop.

"What is so funny?" Brittany quizzically asked me. "Oh I was just wondering were we would find a coconut in a big enough cup size to fit your sister," I choked.
Chapter 21
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author



Open Yahoo! Axis application
 
Home | Taoman's Page « Master's Island Index « Previous
Chapter 21: Epilogue
Posted: July 10, 2001 - 12:00:00 am

I lay naked on my back staring at the textured plaster ceiling of the hotel room. I had a cold beer perched on my stomach. The chatter of the television rode faintly above the humming drone of the air conditioner.

"Not sure if I was a hero or a son of a bitch," is what Jennifer's father had said to me when I had met him earlier in the day. He said he wasn't sure which, but his "gut feelings" were to give me "thanks" for having "his little girl back". He had shaken my hand and I saw tears gleam in his eyes.

It was six months now back in the States. I had resumed my career flying with Talbot Industries, although now days my work was stateside. Today I was in Washington and had spent the day in a closed Congressional inquiry. The meeting room had packed with lawyers, assorted bureaucrats, politicians and diplomats. The dead solders back on the island had been part of some backwater Indonesian government's police force and their killing had created a minor international incident.

Talbot Enterprises under authority of its newly appointed board of directors had made an initial offer to settle all costs, but our lawyers had smelled blood and held out. There had been an out-of-court settlement. My bank account now had a whole series of numbers and zeros in it. I had been thinking that my own charter flying business might be a future possibility.

The younger girls seemed to have adjusted well back in "the real world". We had all last been together months ago at a news conference. Afterwards I had regular calls and cards from the three, and then over the months this had slowed to a trickle. The teenagers had enjoyed their moment of fame. A sports magazine had used them as models in a tropical swimsuit issue. I thought their sex appeal transcended the professional models elsewhere in the magazine.

Then the two had been offered a job as "technical consultants" on a reality based survival series on another island. They would interview the ejected contestants. I noticed the girl's wardrobe consisted entirely of bikinis.

I had talked to all three on the phone. I was flying again and was not at a specific place for any length of time. So it was a matter of luck when contact was made. Brittany seemed to have found a budding career in show business. She told me she had an agent and there had been an offer for a part in a sitcom. Then she had told me some news that caused an unexpected pang of jealously. A new young man had come into her life. As she had excitedly related how wonderful this guy was I silently counseled myself that now we were back in the real world. I took a deep breath, stated I was very happy for her and that he was a lucky guy. I only talked to Jennifer twice from public phones and our conversations had been generally perfunctory. She entered a school on the West Coast and was as busy as I was. Kimberly was not one to chat on the phone but she was doing well. She had returned to her business and her recent publicity seemed to have opened new doors of opportunity. I thought each time after we had hung up that she wanted me to say more.

I had thought I might see them earlier in the day at the courthouse. But evidently they had previously given their testimony and in absence had been represented by their legal counsel.

So tonight, I found myself back in the real world, ready to start a new life and very much alone. I had been celibate since our return. This was not because of lack of opportunity. Since my return women seemed to find me irresistible. Wherever I went, females of all types seemed to want to touch me or convey their interest. I wondered if I was giving off some type of wild male pheromone. But I couldn't generate a response. I just was not excited by the civilized game of love anymore. I wondered what had happened to me. I felt empty and depressed in this world.

There was a knock on the door. I had not been expecting company and knew no one in this town so I assumed it was room service. I donned the complementary robe and cracked the door.

Jennifer stood in the hallway. She was wearing a smart suit and carrying a overnight bag. She smiled at me.

"Hey boss, I brought you a present," she said brightly.

Jennifer had a leash in her hand and she tugged it. The leash led to Kimberly who stepped into my view. The leash was attached to a multi-colored wire collar around the older woman's neck. Kimberly was wearing a three-quarter-length leather trench coat and high heels. It fell open and I could see she was naked underneath. Her eyes had been downcast and she brought her face up. I saw the ocean in her blue eyes. I smiled, then she smiled and I heard the roar of the waves.
Your opinion is important:
Share with the others what you think about
"Master's Island"
     
Switch to Expanded voting form
The End
Posted: 2001-03-31
Last Modified: 2001-07-10 / 12:00:00 am
Home | Top | Taoman's Page |   Feedback to author
