Seducing The Professor
byoneguy4fun©

CHAPTER 1: TAKING CONTROL

Dr. Jensen's eyes were focused on the paper on his desk. He was grading homework assignments from a business class that he taught at a prominent University. A subtle sweet aroma interrupted his thoughts. He glanced up to see a female student standing in front of his desk. He had not even heard her come in. He recognized her from his 2:00 class. His class had over 60 students, which he barely knew, but she stood out because of her striking beauty. She was tall and slender, with jet black hair that seemed to glow even though it was dark as night. Her smooth soft complexion was natural and refreshing. She had caught his eye many times during class.

As she stood in front of him in a slinky dress that hugged her curves nicely, his eyes could not help but do a quick up and down scan of her body. The clingy black dress was much shorter than her typical eloquent style. It was so short that it made Dr. Jensen imagine, just for a second, how great it would be to get a glimpse of her panties underneath. His cock stirred at the thought.

Without realizing it, his eyes rested on her cleavage for a quick second or maybe even two. The top of her black lace bra purposely peaked over the edge of her dress, adding an element of naughtiness to her visit. Her breasts were pushed together tightly into firm mounds that were much larger than Dr. Jensen ever imagined. In class she dressed in a sophisticated and conservative style, which always impressed Dr. Jensen. He was quickly warming up to her more provocative style. She was clearly overdressed for a visit to her professor's office, but that didn't seem to cross Dr. Jensen's mind.

Dr. Jensen's observations and erotic thoughts occurred all in a matter of a few seconds, but it was enough for Julie to pick up on them. In just those few seconds, she knew he was mesmerized by her. She could see it in his eyes and his subconscious expressions. She smiled to herself, knowing that soon he would belong to her.

Dr Jensen managed to pull his eyes away from her cleavage. "Hello, may I help you," he asked.

"Yes, Dr. Jenson, my name is Julie Barnes and I seem to be having some trouble in your class."

Dr. Jenson noticed an unusual confidence in her voice. Typically students in distress are nervous and a bit meek when they ask for help. He understood their meekness. After all, his credentials were impressive and he was a prominent professor at the University and well known in the community. He took pride in his stature. Julie's confidence subtly challenged his authority, but he found it added to her sexiness.

"One minute Julie. Let me take a look at your file," said Dr. Jenson.

Julie watched patiently as Dr. Jenson clicked his mouse several times and punched a few keys on the computer. His eyes scanned the computer screen as he clicked a few more times. She could tell he was scanning over her work.

Julie moved around his desk and looked over his shoulders at the screen. Dr. Jensen was surprised at her boldness. His desk was a symbol of authority. No student had ever crossed that line. It was inappropriate for Julie to be standing behind him. Dr. Jensen knew he should stop her advancement, but her beauty and confidence caused him to hesitate. Her perfume surrounded him and put him at ease. Julie gently placed her hands on his shoulders and innocently asked "Not very impressive, is it?"

Dr. Jensen tilted his head up toward her voice. Her breasts and bra were inches from his face. Quickly, he turned back to the screen, but the image of her breasts remained in his brain. He desperately wanted to look back again. It took all his will power to stay focused.

Dr Jensen struggled to get his thoughts together. "Ah..well...Julie. It's...ah...it's still early in the semester. You have time to improve. With a little hard work you can probably pull out a B or C."

Julie lightly squeezed his shoulders and leaned toward his ear. In a soft seductive voice she said, "I was thinking of something a little different doctor."

Dr Jensen was certain he felt her lips brush his cheeks. His cock stirred again. Perhaps his mind was just running wild. He tried not to react. He stared at the computer screen as she continued.

"I though maybe, we could come up with an arrangement where I do a little less work, and get an A." Julie rubbed his shoulders.

Her intentions were clear. Dr. Jensen was stunned. He had fantasized about a situation like this, many times but it was all just fantasy. For a moment Dr. Jensen considered the possibility. He became aroused from the fantasies that flashed through his mind. Deep down he wanted it, but he knew it was wrong. In an unconvincing tone he replied, "Julie, I can't do that. It's not right."

Julie's hands remained on Dr. Jensen's shoulders and he made no effort to distance himself from her. After a purposeful pause, she removed her hands and slowly walked to the front of his desk. Dr. Jensen sighed with relief and a bit of disappointment. He was glad she did not push further, although he thought she gave in to easy.

Julie of course was just toying with Dr. Jensen. She was a tigress enjoying the thrill of the hunt. She knew how close he was to breaking. She knew a soft kiss and a few seductive words would send him over the edge but she had a much different plan for Dr. Jensen.

Julie sat down in the chair in front of his desk. Her sexiness still dominated the small office. The bottom of her dress seemed to disappear behind her long legs. Dr. Jensen had a nice view of her shapely legs and tight thighs. Julie smirked devilishly. "Well Dr. J. I'm surprised to see that suddenly you have morals. I have something here that might change your mind."

The morals comment confused Dr. Jensen. He was not sure where Julie was going with that thought. Julie reached into a small leather case and produced a red file folder. She slid it over the desk to Dr. Jensen. He opened the folder and his heart skipped a beat when he saw the picture inside. It was a picture of him having dinner with a woman. The picture alone was innocent. However, if one were to dig into the situation itself, the innocence would quickly disappear. Dr. Jensen wondered how much Julie knew. He was a nervous wreck, but he remained cool and composed in front of Julie.

"It's just a picture of me having dinner with a friend. How is that supposed to change my mind," asked Dr. Jensen.

Julie sat back in the chair and smiled knowingly. She purposely used his first name, as a symbol of her growing power over him. Dramatically she said, "Now James, we both know the she is not JUST a friend. In fact she's not really a friend at all, is she?"

Dr. Jensen nervously shifted in his chair. His mind was churning, trying to figure out how to respond to Julie. Julie stood, leaned forward, put both her hands on his desk and looked straight into his eyes. "She's nothing more than a call girl, a high priced hooker or....ahh... how do you say it? A whore."

Julie raised her voice on the last word with an accusing tone. James flinched at the fierce description and averted his eyes away from her. He preferred to describe Cindy as an escort. She was classy and intelligent. Despite the facts that were out in the open, James held onto his denial.

In a surprised tone he asked, "A call girl? Really? I didn't know that. Are you sure?"

Julie laughed amusingly and sat back down in the chair. James had a quick glimpse of her panties as she sat back and crossed her legs. This time he was too panicked to become aroused at the sight. He watched as Julie reached back into her leather case and pulled out a notebook. "Let's see," she said as she flipped open the cover. Her eyes focused on the paper. "Payments made from James Jensen to Cindy Carson. In February there was a $500 and a $1,000 payment; April $1,500, and June another $500."

Julie flipped the page and a few pictures fell out. Acting surprised she said, "Oh, here's a few more pictures you might be interested in. I guess they fell out of the folder." She tossed them on his desk.

By now James knew he was busted. He glanced at the pictures on his desk and blushed at the sight of him naked with Cindy. He did not bother to look through them all. It was obvious Julie had done her research. "How did you get all this information?"

"That's not important. What matters is that I have it. Last time I checked, prostitution was illegal. I'm sure all this will go over well with the University," she said sarcastically.

Defeated, James said, "O.k., I'll do it. I'll make sure you pass."

"An 'A' James. I don't want to just pass. I want an 'A.'"

"That will be hard to justify," responded Dr Jensen, still trying to hold onto some control.

"Well, you certainly had no problem bending the rules for your personal life. Unless you want to be exposed, I suggest you find a way to make it happen."

"Ok. You've got an 'A'," said Dr Jensen. His eyes stared down at the desk in complete defeat.

Julie remained seated and in no rush to leave. James knew it wasn't over. He sensed that things were just beginning between him and Julie. "There's more isn't there," inquired James.

"Of course. Do you think I would let you off that easy?"

"What else do you want," asked James, expecting her to insist on a large black mail payment to keep her quiet.

"You may want to close your door before I tell you."

Julie could have easily reached over and pushed the office door shut, but it was obvious that she expected James to get up and come around to shut the door. As he walked to the door he began to prepare himself for a negotiation of dollars. He was thinking how much he would be willing to pay to keep her quiet. James shut the door and started to walk back to his desk.

Julie stopped him. "That's far enough James. Turn around and drop your pants."

James could not believe his ears. He was not prepared for that response. He turned around speechless and shocked.

"You heard me," said Julie sternly. "Drop your pants. You've been a naughty boy and you need to be punished. I think a good old spanking is in order."

Dr. Jensen looked at the young student sitting in front of him. There was sexiness in the way Julie called him a naughty boy. Her perfume was intoxicating. A strange arousal was stirring in Dr. Jensen. He could easily see himself bending over to take his punishment from this goddess. Wild domination fantasies stirred in his mind. Yet at the same time he could not believe what she was asking him to do. It was silly, even ridiculous. He was a grown man. He was not supposed to be punished like a child. She was his student and almost half his age. She could not be the one who punished him.

Dr. Jensen blushed with embarrassment at his predicament. His voice was weak and unsure. "Uh, Julie...uh..you're not serious are you? This is going a bit too far don't you think?"

"You have two choices. Start obeying me right now and take your punishment like a man or sit back down and watch me walk out the door. If I walk, then I suggest you don't show your face on campus next week when the school paper comes out. I'm sure your story and pictures will make the front page. The way I see it, you either obey me or you lose your job, your career, and your reputation. What's in going to be?"

James was backed into a corner with no windows. He felt helpless. He wanted to protest and try to argue his way out, but he knew it was useless. Julie held all the right cards. "I will obey you," he said.

"Good, then drop your pants."

James undid his pants and let them fall to the floor. Julie's eyes stared at his white boxer shorts. "Underwear also," she ordered firmly.

James slid is underwear down to his ankles. Julie sat up straight in her chair and patted her legs. "Come lay across my legs."

James felt silly and humiliated as he lay across her legs. His authority, his power, and his manliness all vanished when he laid across the young girls legs. Strangely his arousal continued to grow. His cock rested on her warm legs. The mere contact with this beautiful and confident goddess was enough to excite him. His submissive and vulnerable position awoke erotic emotions deep within him. James struggled to keep his cock from reacting to these emotions.

Julie on the other hand, was enjoying the situation. To see Dr. Jensen, her professor, crumble and fall right before her was thrilling. The pictures and information she had certainly helped, but she knew that her sexuality and feminine power weakened and controlled him. Her pussy grew wetter and hotter each time he faltered and fell deeper into her web. He was hers now. Hers to play with, toy with, and to control.

Julie gently rubbed her hands over his ass. "Mmmm. Very nice. You have such a firm ass. It's going to be fun spanking it."

Julie's voice was soft and sensual. She was sending confusing signals to James. Was she teasing him or was he being punished? James could no longer control his cock. It slowly began to swell and grow beneath him. He was embarrassed and ashamed for not being able to control his arousal. He felt his swelling cock push against Julie's legs and he knew his secret was out.

Julie immediately commented. "Somebody's being a really naughty boy aren't they?"

James struggled to find the right words to respond. "Sorry. I can't help it. I'm not sure why."

Julie continued to rub his ass. Her hands slid toward the bottom of his ass. She allowed her finger to lightly graze his balls, sending chills through his body. "I guess you have no control over your little cock now do you? Such a bad boy."

Julie slapped his ass with her hand. The quick hit was not hard but it startled James. Julie giggled and rubbed his ass again. "That's what got you in this predicament isn't it? A hard cock that you couldn't control."

James remained quiet. Julie slapped his ass again. This time it was a hard slap. "Answer me!"

James natural reaction was to defend himself. Before he could finish his sentence, Julie spanked him again with three quick firm slaps. "Don't argue with me. The answer is yes Mistress!" She slapped him one last time to emphasize the point. "Say it!"

"Yes mistress," replied James.

Julie went back to rubbing his ass. His ass was getting hot from the spanking. Julie's soft rubbing was soothing and arousing. Julie made him lift his ass slightly so she could reach under him and grab his cock. Her hand gently stroked and rubbed his hard cock.

"James, I know this is all confusing to you right now. Here you are lying across one of your student's lap being punished. It's a little embarrassing isn't it?"

"Yes," replied James.

Julie squeezed his cock firmly and reprimanded him, "You will address me as mistress from now on, understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

Julie released her grip slightly. "Good boy. Now I know your feeling embarrassed and humiliated. You're obviously aroused as well. It's all so confusing to you but I understand."

Julie started stroking his cock again. Light gentle strokes that caused him to breathe deep with pleasure but kept him from getting too aroused. "You have a lot to learn James. Your arousal is a clear sign of your desire to submit to me. It is an indication that you are meant to serve and obey a beautiful woman like myself. It's the natural order of things James and it is the way things will be. You are the student now and I am the teacher. You are my slave and I am your Mistress, your Goddess. That is the way things are and there is nothing you can do to change it."

Julie's words were taking James on a mental journey into submissiveness. His mind was processing the thoughts. She was keeping him in an aroused state of mind that was hypnotic. The more she stroked his cock the more he seemed to agree with her logic. He was under her control and he knew it. Knowing that he had to obey her in order to save his career, allowed him to accept his position as her inferior. He did not have to question his ego or societies pressure to be the man in control. All of this did not matter because he was being blackmailed. On a subconscious level James was glad for the blackmail because it gave him an excuse to give into his dark fantasies. The power exchange was electrifying.

Julie reached into the same bag that held the naughty pictures and pulled at a round leather paddle. She waved it in front of James' face. He thought it looked like an oversized ping pong paddle. "It's time to start your punishment James. First kiss my paddle and beg me to discipline you so that you can be a better man."

James ass was already slightly red. He almost commented to Julie that he thought his punishment already had begun but he wisely decided to remain quiet and obey her. He kissed the paddle and begged, "Please discipline me Mistress Julie and teach me to be a better man."

"Very good slave. Now I am going to spank you for all your bad behavior. After each spanking I expect you to apologize for your bad behavior and tell me that you will not do it again. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress," replied James nervously.

Mistress Julie raised the paddle high above his ass. James tensed in anticipation of the slap. Mistress Julie announced, "This is for illegally paying for sex." She slapped his ass 3 times with the paddle. The slaps were not too hard. His humility was hurt more than his ass.

James responded, "I am sorry Mistress Julie. I will not do it again."

"This is for being an embarrassment to the University." The paddle came down a little harder on this round of slaps.

"I am sorry Mistress Julie. I will not be an embarrassment to the University again."

Julie continued reprimanding and spanking him for all the things he did wrong. He was condescending to women, he challenged her authority, he tried to negotiate her grade down, and he did not offer her a chair when she first entered his office. The list went on and on. James never realized he did so much wrong.

While she spanked him, she kept one hand wrapped around his cock. Each slap of the paddle caused a startling reaction from his body. His ass flinched forward, his cock pushed into her half closed fist. Her paddle left bursts of pain, her fist generated sparks of pleasure, and her words mentally assaulted him. The pleasure, pain, and domination pushed him further into submission.

When she was done disciplining James he could feel the heat from his glowing red ass. He was also on the verge of an orgasm. Being dominated stirred up pleasures within him that he never knew existed. A few more spanks and James was sure he would have made a mess all over Julie's legs. He was glad she stopped; not because he couldn't take the pain, but because he could not control the pleasure. He knew she would not be pleased if he spurted all over her hand and legs.

Next Julie ordered James to remove the rest of his clothes and kneel before her. She stood and slowly circled her slave in an inspecting manner. She ordered, "Hands behind your head! Eyes down!"

Julie stood in front of her slave, enjoying how his eyes focused on the tip of her shoes. "Kneeling at my feet is your proper place slave. It is the way things are now and you will accept it. Close your eyes," ordered Julie.

James closed his eyes. He heard Julie moving around and then he felt something being pulled over his head and face. He quickly realized it was her panties. The smell of her sex was strong. Inhaling her scent, excited him and caused his cock to twitch. It was a thrill to have the young woman's panties pressed against nose and face. James imagined her pussy pressing against the same damp fabric that now hugged his nose and mouth.

Mistress Julie squatted down behind James. She reached around and cupped her hand over his nose and mouth, pressing the crotch of her panties over his face and trapping in her wonderful smells and scents. She leaned close to his ear and seductively whispered, "Take a deep breath. Smell my pussy James."

James inhaled deeply and his lungs filled with the smell of her pussy. Julie instructed him to keep taking deep breaths. James breathed in again and again while Julie talked.

"That's right slave. Smell me. Smell how excited I am to be in control of you. Can you feel the wetness from my pussy? I am so hot from seeing you squirm beneath my paddle and kneel at my feet. This is what I get off on slave."

Julie stood up and giggled. It wasn't a silly girly giggle. It was a short whispery giggle. The kind of giggle that conveyed a sense of triumph. Triumph that she was in control now. Julie slowly circled her prize, watching him inhale the smell of her arousal. Each breath took him deeper into submission. Each breath strengthened the desire in him to server her and worship her.

"Since we've already established that you are my student, it's only appropriate for me to lay out some expectations and give a homework assignment, wouldn't you agree?"

James could do nothing but agree. "Yes Mistress." He opened his eyes and returned to a normal breathing state. Through the black satin panties, he watched Julie reach into her leather case and pull out a small electronic recorder.

She showed the recorder to him and explained, "Since you can not take notes in your submissive position, I am going to record everything for you so that you don't miss anything. After each statement I make you will agree with me by saying 'yes Mistress Julie, I will do as you say.' Got it?"

"Yes Mistress Julie."

"Good. Let's get started." Julie started the recorded. "Today is April 16, 2008. I am Mistress Julie Barnes. State your full name slave,"

Julie held the recorder in front of James. "Dr. James Jenson," he announced.

Julie slowly circled James, talking into the recorder like she was dictating a speech. "From now until the end of the semester you are my slave. You belong to me, I own you."

"Yes Mistress Julie, I will do as you say."

"You exist to serve me. You exist for my pleasure. You will always strive to satisfy and worship me. My pleasure and satisfaction is what is most important to you."

"Yes Mistress Julie, I will do as you say."

Julie clicked off the recorder. She squatted down in front of James, grasped his hard cock, and slowly stroked it up and down. Pre-cum was oozing out the tip. She squeezed the tip of his cock, causing more pre-cum to ooze out, which she massaged over his cock head. "Mmmm. This is nice James. I like that you are excited by all this. Tell me something. How often do you masturbate?"

James could hardly concentrate with Julie's soft hands teasing his cock. He was already aroused from the sheer kinkiness of the entire situation. Now her stroking was taking him to the edge. He managed to pull his thoughts together enough to mumble, "Not too often."

Julie slapped his face, startling him. "Do you think I'm stupid? Let me re-phrase the question to help you answer honestly. "How many times a week do you masturbate?"

James was stunned by her sudden reaction. He was in no position to argue. "Ah, three or four times a week I guess."

"That's more like it. Don't lie to me again slave." Julie stared into her slave's eyes with a cruel and devious smile. She clicked on the recorder. "You will no longer masturbate to orgasm without my permission. I control when and how you orgasm."

She paused and waited for his reply. James looked down. "Yes Mistress Julie, I will do as you say."

Satisfied, she stood up and continued circling him slowly why she talked. "You will be disciplined on a regular basis so that you can learn to serve me properly. If you disobey me you will be punished in anyway I see fit."

"Yes Mistress Julie, I will do as you say."

"That's good for now slave. Now it's time for your homework. First I want you to listen to the recording at home and type everything I said word for word. Put the word 'slave' everywhere that I referred to you and put 'Mistress Julie' everywhere that I referred to me so that you end up with a contract between you and me. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"At the bottom draw two signature lines. Under the first line write Mistress Julie Barnes and under the second line write Slave James Jensen. I will stop by your office at 8:00 tomorrow morning to pick it up."

Julie moved behind his desk and sat down. She placed the recorder on the desk in front of her. Using one of his pens she began writing on a memo pad. As she wrote she continued. "Assignment number two is to take my panties home, wrap them around your cock and masturbate with them. You've got a perverted little mine so I'm sure you're going to love this assignment. While you stroke your cock with my used panties, read the contract out loud to yourself and imagine worshipping me. When you are finished reading the contract you may cum into my panties. Bring the panties in tomorrow as proof of your obedience."

"Yes Mistress. I will do as you say."

Mistress Julie stood up from the desk and announced. "That will be all for now slave. I left a note on your desk with some additional information. Chow!" Julie walked out of his office without waiting for a response and without closing the door behind her. James kneeled stunned for a second or two. Her panties still covered his face and his cock still bobbed in front of him hard as a rock. He snapped out of his daze and quickly crawled to the door on his knees and closed the office door.

James was fully aroused from the strange ordeal and he felt like masturbating right in his office. He stroked his cock a few times and then remembered how Julie warned him about not masturbating without her permission. He was a bit nervous about how she would punish him if she caught him disobeying her orders and so he decided not to take any chances.

James read the note on the desk. She had set up an e-mail account for him and she noted the he would receive the recording via e-mail that night. James chuckled as he read the user name she had set up for him. It was 'Julies_slave23.' He wondered whether the 23 was an arbitrary number or if he was really slave number twenty-three.

James hurried home and immediately checked his new e-mail account. He was disappointed to find an empty inbox. He figured the sooner he got started with the assignment, the sooner he could relieve his aching cock. He made himself dinner and then checked again after dinner. This time there was a message from Julie. His cock stirred in his pants just from seeing her name in his inbox. Her e-mail was short and to the point. 'Here is the file slave. You know what to do. Have fun."

James played the audio file once just to hear it. His cock was hard and dripping halfway into it. Hearing Mistress Julie's seductive and controlling voice drove him wild. He still couldn't believe what had happened. Part of him was ashamed and humiliated from letting a young student take control of him. His pride and male ego took a big hit. However, the submissive feelings he experienced were unlike anything he felt before. She had taken him to a strange and exciting level of erotica. His shame and humiliation were mixed with potent bursts of excitement and euphoria over being controlled by such a hot and sexy co-ed.

Since he was not great at typing, he had to play the recording over and over again. This was all part of Julie's brilliant plan. Hearing her orders over and over again had a brainwashing effect on James. By the time he was finished writing the document, James was thrilled to be Miss Julie's slave. James could not help but stroke his cock while he listened to her commanding voice. He could not wait to cum. When the final spell check was run, he wrapped her satin panties around his cock. As instructed he read the contract out loud while he rubbed the smooth panties over his cock.

It was easy for him to imagine worshipping her. He imagined kissing her feet and worshipping her pussy with his tongue. He even imagined her spanking and punishing him for being a naughty boy. He became lost in these fantasies while he stroked his cock and humped her pretty panties. Soon his cock swelled in his hands and he filled her panties with his hot cum.

CHAPTER 2: BREAKING DOWN JAMES

True to her word, at 8:00 am Julie showed up at James's office. She walked in unannounced and closed the door behind her. Before James could acknowledge her presence, she pointed to the floor in front of her and ordered, "Front and center slave!"

In that short instance, feelings of submissiveness flooded James. It wasn't just her commanding order or the finger pointing to the floor that stirred up these emotions. Everything about her presence affected James. Thousands of micro signals flowed from Mistress Julie to James in a matter of seconds. All the signals formed a commanding presence and a dominate aura around Julie. Some were obvious, like the hair pulled back severely and the pinstriped sport coat and skirt. Some were on a subconscious level. James mind could not register that her eyebrows had a certain commanding angle, her rigid posture, her eyes peering into his soul, or even the tenseness in her muscles.

James stood up and moved around his desk.. Mistress Julie was inpatient. "Hurry slave. I don't have all morning."

James stood in front of Julie with his hands at his sides and his eyes cast downward. He felt a bit awkward and very submissive in front of his student. His cock was starting to swell with excitement. James was embarrassed at his arousal. He tried to keep his cock from growing erect.

Julie had other plans in mind. "James, since you are now my slave. You need to learn a few commands. I expect you to carry out my commands immediately and without hesitation. Understand?"

"Yes Mistress Julie."

"Good. The first command you must learn is 'Present Yourself.' When I say present yourself, you will drop your pants and stroke your cock until you reach a full erection. Once you have a full erection, you will place your hands behind you head and await further orders."

James had little time to process what Julie was saying. As soon as she finished explaining the command, she looked straight at James and firmly said, "Present yourself."

James did not want to start the day off on Julie's bad side so he immediately dropped his pants and grasped his growing cock. After about 30 seconds of stroking it was fully erect in his hands. James put his hands behind his head and stood with his cock sticking straight out. Julie tugged it a few times, sending chills up James spine.

"Is that the hardest you can get it," asked Julie in an amusing tone.

James blushed at the subtle insult. "Yes Mistress."

She gave his cock one final tug and then went on to the next command. "When I say 'Assume your position' you will kneel before me with your hands behind your head and eyes down." Julie walked behind her slave, sat on the front of his desk and ordered him to face her. Then she gave the command. "Assume your position!"

Immediately James got into position. Julie smiled. She was pleased with his obedience. "Very good slave. Now kiss the tip of my shoes and thank me for teaching you these commands.

James bent forward and kissed each toe. "Thank you for teaching me your commands Mistress Julie."

Julie's pussy was beginning to moisten and heat up as she watched the pathetic display before her. The prestigious Dr. Jensen was under her control and groveling at her feet. She loved every minute of it. Julie moved around the desk and sat in the chair. "Where is your assignment slave?"

"The contract is in the red folder on my desk and your panties are in my briefcase."

"I don't need to see your nasty cum in my panties slave. I know you're a pervert and so I know you jerked off in them. Take them home tonight and hand wash them in cold water. Do you have soap for delicate fabrics?"

"No Mistress."

"Then go buy some. My intimates must be treated with extra care. Wash them, hang them to dry, and bring them to me nice and clean tomorrow."

"Yes Mistress."

"Now let's see how you did with our contract."

James remained kneeling in front of his desk while Mistress Julie red through the contract. She used a red pen to mark up the document with changes that she wanted incorporated into the wording. When she was done, she stood up and walked toward the door without even glancing at James. As she walked she said, "Update the document with my changes and bring two signed copies to class this afternoon." Julie did not wait for a response from James. She left his office closing the door behind her.

As soon as the door shut behind him, James stood up and looked at his watch. His 8:30 class was just about to start. He pushed the contract under a pile of papers and rushed to class, still half aroused.

The few students who were awake and attentive for Dr. Jensen's early morning class may have noticed something a little different about their professor. He was not quite as polished and organized in the delivery of his lecture. His mind was definitely adrift. The brief meeting with Mistress Julie had a compounding affect on his whole day. His arousal lingered throughout the day, making it hard for him to concentrate. As he got into his groove during class he did alright but the minute there was down time his thoughts went right to his beautiful Mistress.

Even as he stood at the urinal in the men's bathroom, his mind wandered causing his cock to grow in his hands as he relieved himself. James could not believe the effect Mistress Julie had on him.

At lunch time he updated the contract with Miss Julie's edits. She had added a section indicating that he was free to date other women while serving her as long as he notified her in advance and provided her with all the details of the date. James was not concerned about the new rule. He was so busy with work that he rarely had time for dates.

The remaining changes from Miss Julie were small grammar and punctuation changes. She also added roman numerals at the beginning of each paragraph so that it looked like a formal contract. James read through the contract one last time. His hand rubbed his cock through his trousers as he read the words that would officially put him into servitude with his student, Julie Barnes.

He knew it was wrong to be involved with a student. It would certainly destroy his career if he got caught. Then again he also realized Julie had plenty of evidence to destroy his reputation. At first he was resentful of this. His ego had a hard time accepting the fact that a young girl outsmarted him and was using him. However, after the initial shock of his first meeting with her, he was accepting the fact that she held all the cards and there was nothing he could do about it.

Accepting the inevitable allowed him to relax and see the positive side of the situation. Julie was a hot young student. The situation was like a fantasy come true. The domination part was new to James, but he was finding it thrilling to submit to Mistress Julie. He was nervous and excited about what she would do to him in the coming weeks. The more James thought about his submissive relationship, the more aroused he got. He was so lost in fantasy, that he did not notice the wet spot forming on his pants. He kept stroking and squeezing his cock while he imagined Mistress Julie dominating and disciplining him.

As instructed James printed two copies of the contract. His heart pounded as he signed his name on the contracts. He was now owned by Julie and a slave to her desires. The contract made it real and official in his mind. His cock twitched in excitement. James was so hot, he wished he could rub out an orgasm right there in his office. He squeezed his cock in his pants. Precum oozed out the tip, causing the wet spot on the front of his pants to grow larger and wetter. James felt the dampness and looked down. Panic set-in when James saw the obvious wet spot on his beige trousers. His next class was about to start and he did not have time to try and dry the spot. He threw on his sport coat, which covered the front of his pants, and he hoped no one would notice.

James put the contracts into a large envelope and headed to class. Fortunately he arrived in the lecture hall before any students. He stood behind the podium as the students filed in. When he saw Julie, he called her over. "Julie, I have something for you."

Julie approached the podium and said in a low voice, "Is that how you are to address your Mistress?"

James blushed. Although her voice was quiet, James felt that others could hear. He stuttered, "ah...well...sorry. I..I..I.didn't think I had to address you as mistress in class."

Julie was enjoying seeing her slave embarrassed and struggling before her. "You must show me respect everywhere slave. In class you may refer to me as Miss Barnes. In fact, I want you to address all the women in this class by their last name, preceded by 'Miss.' This way you are showing respect to all females in an acceptable way, without letting everyone know you are a pervert."

"Yes, Miss Barnes. Uh, here are your contracts." James handed her the envelope.

"Thanks slave." Julie opened the envelope as she walked to her chair in the lecture hall.

It was a bit unnerving for James to do his lecture with Julie reading through the contract at her desk. Although no one was paying any attention to Julie, James was worried that someone would glance over and discover their secret. Additionally, James was paranoid by the wet spot on his pants. He stayed behind the podium during his lecture and was thankful that none of his female students asked any questions.

At the end of class Julie dropped a copy of the contract on the podium. "This is your copy slave. Check your e-mail tonight horny boy."

"Yes Miss Barnes. Thank you."

The day could not end fast enough for James. He rushed home and checked the e-mail account that Julie had set up for him. Sure enough there was an e-mail from her. A PowerPoint file was attached to the e-mail. James opened the file and started the presentation. The first slide had a picture of Mistress Julie sitting in a chair. Her hair was pulled back into a bun and she was wearing a luxurious fur coat and short leather shirt. She sat on a chair with her legs crossed, revealing garters, black stockings, and black heels. Her eye shadow and deep red lipstick exaggerated her omnipotent look. James thought she looked like a glamorous queen. He knew this was going to be no ordinary presentation. He hoped her clothes would come off in the coming pictures. His cock was already hard at the thought.

Next to her picture were the words, "Slave, this is a self-advancing presentation. Follow the orders on each slide. Do not fast-forward through the presentation. Present yourself to me!"

James dropped his pants. He still stroked his cock even though it was already hard. After about a minute of stroking and drooling over her picture, he placed his hands behind his head and watched the screen. The next slide popped up and James was thrilled to see the coat falling off Julie's shoulders. She was wearing a black corset underneath. Her cleavage was impressive. The instructions on this slide read,

"Stroke your cock while you stare at me slave. This is how you worship the female. The command is 'Give me worship strokes.' Learn this command. When I say it, you will stroke your cock and admire my body. Do it now slave! Give me worship strokes. Stare at my breasts and imagine touching them and licking them. Stare at my legs, my feet. Look at my skirt slave. Can you imagine what's under there? How will you please me? How will you worship me?"

James did as instructed. He admired her body while he slowly stroked the full length of his hard rod. She looked incredible. James imagined many perverted and exciting things he could do to Julie. It was difficult for James to control himself. A small amount of cum oozed out of his cock. He rubbed his fingers over the tip of his cock, getting them wet and sticky. James covered his cock in the stickiness.

The fur coat and leather skirt disappeared in the next slide. Her back was facing forward and she was looking over her bare shoulders with a playful smile. James eyes were immediately drawn to her nicely rounder ass. The text read, "keep stroking your cock slave. Worship my ass. Stare it at it, admire it. Imagine how firm and tight it is. Get yourself so close to the edge slave, but do not cum."

The black thong panties did little to hide Julie's beautiful ass. James had been guilty of staring at her ass in school several times. Now he was thrilled to see it up close and almost naked. Small amounts of cum oozed out of his cock. Squishy sounds filled the room as he stroked his wet cock. James was close to cumming. After a few seconds of worshipping her ass, more words popped up on the screen. "Slave, lean forward and kiss my ass. That's right slave. Kiss my ass on the computer screen and tell me how much you want to worship me."

James felt silly, but he complied with the instructions. He kissed her beautiful ass on the computer screen and said to himself, "I want to worship you Mistress Julie."

The next slide appeared and it was another picture of Mistress Julie sitting with her fur coat and leather skirt. The words read, "Good boy. Now stop stroking! There will be plenty of time to worship my ass tomorrow slave. Get into position!"

Mistress Julie was just a picture on the computer screen but her commanding presence was in the room. James immediately kneeled down and put his hands behind his head. More words popped up on the screen.

"Tomorrow we shall begin your slave training. The semester is over in 5 weeks and I will use that time to mold you into a good little slave. We shall start at 4:00 at your house. I expect your house to be tidy. I will not wait at your door slave. I expect you to be waiting for me when I arrive. You will open the door before I get to it. You will be clean shaved (including your balls!) and wearing a suit and tie. You will have a dozen roses in a vase and a bottle of red wine waiting for me. You will be cooking me dinner later in the evening slave. Make sure you have something fantastic prepared to cook.

When I arrive you will immediately drop down to your knees and kiss my right foot and thank me for coming and you will tell me that you are ready to serve me and you will beg me to mold you into a perfect slave. You will then kiss my left foot and repeat the same words. This is how it is slave. Follow my orders exactly and do not disappoint me."

James stared at the screen waiting for more instructions. After about a minute her picture disappeared and an image faded in with a guy kneeling with panties covering his head. The text below the picture read, "Don't forget to hand wash my panties slave." It took James a second or two to realize it was him in the picture. He did not remember Julie taking the picture. Although he was alone, he blushed in humiliation seeing how silly he looked naked and kneeling in his office with her panties over his face and a raging hard-on. He did not want to keep looking at the picture, but he knew he had to follow Julie's instructions. After about a minute the presentation ended.

James was disappointed to see it end. He was hoping he would see her naked and he was hoping he would get to cum. Julie's presentation made James incredibly hot and horny. Even though her clothes did not all come off, it was better than any porn that he had surfed on the internet.

James pulled up the last slide again and re-read the text. Mistress Julie's confidence, power, and dominance jumped from the screen through the direct and commanding tone of the words. Certain words struck a deep chord within James. 'Slave training,' 'Mold you,' 'serve me.' As he re-read the words, he fell into a deeper level of submission and arousal.

James was surprised she wanted him to shave his balls. The thought of it seemed silly but also a bit kinky and exciting. He decided to tackle the task immediately. He had never shaved his balls before and so it took him a while to do it. Using scissors, shaving cream, and razor he managed to remove all his pubic hair. James could already feel razor burn on his newly shaved balls. He was afraid to use after shave lotion on his balls so he decided to rub baby oil over them. The oil felt incredible over his smooth balls. Soon his cock was hard and he was masturbating with well oiled hands.

James stroked his cock and explored his smooth balls with his fingers. The sensations were incredible. He was already well aroused from Mistress Julie's presentation. He wished he could get relief. He desperately wanted to cum and enjoy the amazing sensations of a climax. He wondered if Mistress Julie would even know if he had an orgasm. For a brief moment he was tempted to cross that line and be free.

James had very little self-control, especially when it came to his cock. Somehow he managed to stop himself. It was more fear of Mistress Julie than self-control. He feared that Mistress Julie would see right through him and know that he disobeyed her. He feared her wrath. She was beautiful, sweet and seductive but James sensed that she could be tough and cruel if she was not satisfied. It was this fear that gave James the strength to stop masturbating even though he was seconds from an orgasm.

James put on his robe and headed for his next task. He retrieved her panties from his work bag. They were stuffed in a plastic sandwich bag. At the time, he thought the bag was a good idea. Now seeing the panties still wet with his cum, he was cursing himself for sealing them in the bag. He imagined Mistress Julie would be laughing at him if she saw him pulling the panties out and getting his cum all over his fingers.

He hand washed her panties in cold water and with delicate soap. He couldn't help but notice how soft and pretty they were. He felt like a dirty old man playing with panties. He even stroked himself a few times during the process. When he was satisfied they were clean, he hung them on a hanger to dry.

The remaining tasks he could do tomorrow. James would call his cleaning service to clean the house in the morning and he could pick the wine and flowers up on the way home from work. James figured Friday would be a long day with Mistress Julie and so he showered and went to bed. He was so horned up that he could not resist stroking his cock in the shower and even while he lay in bed. His balls were aching for release. Eventually his drifted off to sleep.

Friday was 'hard-on' day for James. He woke up with an erection, had an erection on the ride to work and throughout the day his cock seemed to grow hard every five minutes. James could not keep his mind off his Mistress and he was excited about his training that would happen after work. He did not know what Mistress Julie had in mind for him but he was certain he would love it. He was also not sure if he would see her during the day. She was not in any of his Friday classes. James had her clean panties tucked away in his work bag just in case she popped in to his office. Secretly he wished she would grace him with her presence.

His last lecture ended at 3:00 with no sign of Julie. She must have known his day ended early on Friday's since she scheduled his 'training session' to begin at 4:00 at his house. James rushed home, picking up red wine and red roses on the way. He placed the roses, wine, and two wine glasses on a coffee table in the living room. James did one check in the mirror to make sure his suit and tie looked crisp and in order. Then he printed out Mistress Julie's last e-mail and re-read it several time while he waited. He wanted to make sure he did everything just as she had instructed.

10 minutes before her arrival, James stood by the door and waited for her Mistress. It seemed to take forever, but right at 4:00 her car pulled into his driveway. James cock sprang to life at the sight of her. She was not provocatively dressed. She wore black slacks and a plain white shirt. It was her mere presence that excited James. He could not contain his excitement, knowing that in a few minutes she would be dominating and training him to be her slave.

James opened the door as Mistress Julie approached. "Hello Mistress Julie," he said as she walked into the house. She did not return his greeting and James did not wait for her acknowledgement of his presence. He immediately got to his knees. She was wearing fashion sandals the showed off her newly manicured nails. Her nails were perfectly shaped and painted in a deep red color. A round silver toe ring hugged one of her smaller toes. James never admired anyone's feet before, but he thought hers looked beautiful.

James kissed her big toe and said, "Thank you for coming to my house and allowing me to serve you Mistress Julie. Please mold me into your perfect slave." He then kissed her left toe and repeated the same words. James cock was already fully erect.

Mistress Julie did not say anything. She walked by James as if his actions were expected and part of his normal greeting for her. She went right to the coffee tabled and admired the roses. Then she picked up the bottle of wine and red the label. Satisfied with his choice of wine, she sat on the couch and ordered, "Pour me a glass of wine slave."

"Yes Mistress," replied James. He immediately jumped up and obeyed. He uncorked the bottle and poured wine into one of the glasses and handed it to Mistress Julie. She did not take it.

With sharp lecturing tone she said, "Don't give me a half full glass slave. Fill it! And put that other glass away slave! I did not say the wine was for you, did I? This is not a romantic date, this is your training!"

"Yes Mistress. Sorry." James apologized, feeling upset that his Mistress was not satisfied. He filled her glass and quickly put the other glass away and then returned to his Mistress. James stood in front of her, unsure what to do. His erection was painfully obvious, pushing out against his slacks. Mistress Julie quietly sipped her wine while James waited. James felt awkward standing in front of her. He felt as if he should be doing something. "Mistress, what would you like me to do now?"

"Silence! I did not tell you to speak did I?"

"No Mist..."

Julie cut him off, "I said silence!"

James stayed quiet, learning his place with her.

Julie took a few more sips of her wine and then reached out and squeezed his cock through his pants. "A little excited about my visit are we?"

"Yes. Uh, sorry. I can't help it."

Mistress Julie laughed. "Of course you can't. You're a weak male slave. Go get my bag slave. It is in the back seat of my car."

"Yes Mistress."

James left and returned empty handed. Nervously he asked, "Mistress, may I have your keys. Your car is locked."

Julie smiled. She was well aware that her car was locked. She was enjoying toying with her slave. She pulled her keys from her purse and tossed them at James. "Hurry slave. I don't like to wait."

This time James returned with a large black duffel bag. "Where would you like it Mistress Julie?"

"You may leave it right there for now."

James put the bag down and then walked over to Mistress Julie. He was surprised to see that her wine glass was almost empty. A stern command interrupted his thoughts. "Present yourself slave."

Immediately James snapped into action. He dropped his pants and stroked his already hard cock several time. Then he put his hands behind his head. Another command followed. "Get into position!"

James dropped to his knees and looked down at Mistress Julie's toes. "Stand-up slave," ordered Julie. "Present yourself!"

Slightly confused James stood and stroked his cock again and then put his hands behind his head. Mistress Julie was amused at the control she had over him. "Keep stroking your cock slave. I want to see good worship strokes."

Julie sipped her wine and admired her slave's cock as he stroked it for her. "Give me hand over hand strokes. Start at the tip of your cock and stroked all the way down to the base with each hand."

James obeyed, slowly stroking from the tip of his cock to the base with his right hand, followed by his left hand. Mistress Julie added, "Give me nice firm strokes."

He had never stroked his cock in this manner before and it felt great. Mistress then made him switch direction, starting at the base and going to the tip of his cock. After a few strokes she ordered him to squeeze the tip of his cock each time he reached the tip. The stroking and squeezing was having a milking effect. Cum started oozing out of his cock. Julie noticed this and asked, "Feels good, doesn't it slave?"

"Yes Mistress. I don't think I can take much more of this."

Julie laughed. "You are so weak. Hands behind your head slave."

Julie grasped his throbbing cock and pulled him close to her. She held her wine glass below the tip of his cock and then squeezed out a few drops of cum. The cum dribbled into the glass, mixing with the small amount of wine left in the glass. Julie then held the glass up for James to take and said, "Finish my wine slave."

James stared at the glass, surprised at what she was telling him to do. Mistress Julie was not pleased with his hesitation. She grasped his balls firmly and squeezed hard enough to get his attention. "I said finish my wine slave! Do not hesitate when I order you to do something."

Fearful of Mistress Julie squeezing harder, he took the glass and quickly gulped down the wine. The wine was strong. He could not taste the small amount of cum, but he knew he swallowed it. He was ashamed for doing it, yet his arousal and submissiveness grew stronger. The more Mistress Julie controlled him and made him do perverted things, the more excited he got.

Mistress Julie laughed. "Such a nasty boy; drinking your own cum. What would your students think if they saw you now?"

Mistress Julie allowed her humiliating remark to sink in. Tonight was all about breaking her slave down. Everything she did and said was designed to strip him of his manliness and confidence and reduce him to a needy slave. No matter how hard he tried to please her, she would find fault. It was a necessary part of his training. Once he learned that she had total control over him and that he belonged at her feet, then she would begin to mold him and condition him to serve and worship her.

Mistress Julie rubbed his smooth balls. "Shaved balls are so nice. Keep them that way slave. I expect them to be shaved once a week."

"Yes Mistress."

Julie stood and rubbed her hand over his cheeks. His face was slightly rough. "Didn't I tell you to shave slave?"

"Yes, I shaved this morning."

"I said CLEANLY shaved, not 5:00 shadow!"

James was upset with himself for disappointing Mistress Julie. He apologized to her. Julie kept a look of disappointment on her face. She ignored his apology and grasped his cock firmly. "Let's take a tour of the house," she said, moving on to the next part of her plan.

Although it was James' house, Mistress Julie did the leading. She pulled his cock, leading him over to the stairs. "We will start upstairs," announced Mistress Julie. James had no choice but to follow as she led him up the stairs with her hand firmly gripping his cock.

James lived in an impressive house, which was much too big for a single guy. The hallway at the top of the stairs was open on one side, overlooking the living room. On the other side were two bedrooms and a bathroom. Julie admired each room with James in tow. She learned that they were both spare bedrooms, which she guessed were barely used. Perhaps if she spent the night at his house, she would make him sleep in one of the rooms while she enjoyed the master bedroom, Julie thought to herself. While she contemplated this idea, she squeezed his cock.

It was a subtle squeeze, but James noticed it. He could not help but notice it because ever since she grasped his cock, his attention was focused on his cock. James had never had his hard cock held firmly for so long. While it was a pleasant feeling it was also very torturous. His cock was used to stroking and squeezing, not a firm grasp. It was a strange and unnatural feeling to have his cock held in this manner. His natural reaction was to want to hump her hand to achieve pleasure. James was smart enough to know that Mistress Julie would not be pleased if he humped her hand. It took all his will power and concentration to just stand still while she talked and held his cock firmly.

James found himself anticipating when she would tug his cock to move to the next room. He looked forward to the little tug. He also enjoyed the occasional squeeze of his hard cock. The squeezes occurred at random times and were so subtle, that James wondered if Julie even realized she was doing it.

The overall effect of the firm grip, occasional tug, and subtle squeezing was having a tremendous impact on James emotional state. He had a hard time listening to her while she toured the house and towed him along. All his attention was focused on his cock and Mistress Julie's hand. Through his cock he felt every twitch that her hand made. Every direction her hand moved, he followed. He was like a puppet under her control. She took him into a deeper state of submission that he never imagined existed.

When they entered the master bedroom Julie's eyes lit up. She had never seen such a grand bedroom. Her whole apartment could fit inside it. The King size bed along the back wall was impressive with decorative posts on each corner reaching toward the ceiling. In front of the bed was a small sitting area with a plush arm chair and matching love seat. To the right of the bed, two carpeted steps led up to a cherry colored hot tub. A long mirrored closet stretched along the front wall.

Mistress Julie took in the wonderful room. "This is impressive James. I'm definitely going to enjoy using this room."

James half heard her compliment. His mind was too clouded with arousal to pay attention. James finally reached the breaking point. He could not withhold his urges anymore. He thrust his cock forward slightly, hoping it would encourage Mistress Julie to stroke his cock.

Mistress Julie abruptly stopped talking at looked at James with fierce eyes that drew him out of his daze. In an angry tone she asked, "Did you just hump my hand?" She gently pulsed her hand around his cock one time, making him want to do it again. Again James could not control himself and he moved is hips forward, pushing his cock into her hand.

Feeling like a child who was caught steeling from the cookie jar, he pleaded, "I'm sorry Mistress. I can't help it. You're driving me crazy the way you're holding my cock."

"You are so weak James. You're a typical male slut. All you can think about is your cock."

"Sorry. You're driving me crazy."

Mistress Julie was a not satisfied with his pleading. "Open your mouth slave!"

James opened his mouth wide for her. She immediately spit into it and ordered, "Swallow my spit dirty slave. Now don't hump my hand again or your punishment will be much worse."

"Yes Mistress," replied James, surprised at the quick and unusual punishment.

Mistress Julie pulled his cock

Still grasping James cock she walked the length of the mirrored closet to discover an entrance way into a private bathroom. Even the bathroom was luxurious, having its own foyer with two sinks in front of a large mirror. Expensive Italian marble covered the floor. Beyond the sinks were the toilet and an oversized tub, complete with jets.

For the first time since the tour started, Mistress Julie released James' cock. "I have to pee," she announced. She ordered him to kneel on the floor facing away from the toilet. "You have not earned the privilege to watch me pee."

James heard Mistress Julie lower her pants and sit on the toilet. He heard her pee flowing into the toilet. When she was done she teased, "Maybe one day I'll let you clean my pussy with your tongue after I pee."

Mistress Julie purposely planted the thought in James's mind. She knew it was like a seed that would grow into a fantasy. The more he mulled it over in his mind, the wilder it would grow. Eventually she would allow his fantasy to blossom into reality.

Mistress Julie resumed her grip on his cock and led him back downstairs. They toured the dining room, kitchen, and small office on the main floor. She was extremely impressed how clean and tidy the house was. Even the bathrooms were spotless, which was unusual for a guy.

"You have a very clean house slave. This is most impressive," complimented Julie.

"Thank you. Actually, I have a maid service that cleans my house," admitted James.

"Oh, I see. Well, it did seem a bit too clean for a guy. Now I understand." Mistress Julie did not like the idea of her slave having a maid service. She would see to it that it would change. She tucked the thought away in her mind and would address it later in the night.

Next she led her slave down to the basement. The basement was almost as impressive as the master bedroom. It was a large finished room complete with a pool table, living room, and large screen TV. A bar and stools were nestled into one corner of the room. There was a utility room, a doorway to the backyard, and a small bathroom off to the side of the main room. The last door Julie opened revealed a junk filled room.

"I guess you didn't clean this one slave," she commented.

"That's my storage room. I don't really use it for anything other than storing things."

"I see," said Mistress Julie as she glanced around the room. The walls were painted a nice beige color. Other than that, the room was unfinished. The floor was concrete, there were no windows and the ceiling was nothing more than a few wood rafters supporting the floor boards above. Beneath the boxes and junk that filled the room, she could barely make out the shape of a bed.

The wheels starting churning inside Mistress Julie's head. The room had much potential. Already she could envision it as a playroom or makeshift dungeon. She acted immediately on this impulse. "Slave, I want this room cleaned out. This weekend you will clear everything but the bed out of it. Make sure it's nice and clean when you are done. Understand?"

James, was slightly baffled at the request but he knew better than to question her. He simply replied, "Yes Mistress."



Mistress Julie led him back upstairs and then finally released his cock for good. By now James arousal and submissive feelings had completely consumed his mind, body, and thoughts. His mind was mush and he was ready to do anything to please Julie. He hoped that Julie would order him to do something wild and kinky to her.

She had kinky things planned for the night, but they would come later. "What are you making me for dinner," she asked.

"I have a steak marinating in sauce. I thought I'd cook it on the grill for you."

"Fantastic! Start grilling. I'm going to get changed into clothes that are more appropriate for your training."

Before she could leave, James asked nervously, "Uh, Mistress, may I put some clothes on since I have to grill outside?"

Mistress Julie mocked him. "Aww, are you too scared to be naked outside." She opened the sliding glass door and peaked out onto the small wood deck where the grill stood. The only thing not impressive about the house was the backyard. The backyard was much too small for such a large house and there was little privacy from the neighbors.

Mistress Julie ducked back into the house and said, "I guess we don't want to frighten the neighborhood kids. I have something for you to wear."

She rummaged through her bag and pulled out a pair of black shiny latex shorts. "You'll look very sexy in this slave."

The shorts seemed way too small to James. To his amazement, with a little pulling and stretching, they fit nice and snugly. "Get to work," she ordered as she patted him on the ass.

James headed to the grill while Mistress Julie headed to the Master Bedroom with her bag. The steak cooked rather quickly and he had already set the table with expensive china prior to her arrival that day. Mistress Julie had not come downstairs yet. James wondered what type of outfit she would be wearing. The waiting gave his cock a chance rest. His hard-on had subsided momentarily while he waited.

It did not last long. Mistress Julie descended the steps in a black latex mini dress. The top of the dress was narrow and low cut, leaving her shoulders bare and showing off her breasts. James could not help but stare at the impressive cleavage. She wore knee high latex boots with heels so high, James thought she would trip coming down the steps.

Before she reached the bottom of the steps, James cock was standing at attention. She looked sexy, powerful, and stunning. He felt as if he should bow down and serve her. The words, "Holy Shit," escaped his mouth.

"Is that anyway to talk in front of a Goddess," teased Julie.

"Sorry Mistress. You just look incredible. You look so hot!!"

Mistress Julie wanted to maintain a serious mood throughout the night, but his wonderful reaction and genuine compliment caused her to smile. James could see her eyes twinkle in delight. Quickly she recomposed herself. "Of course I do slave. That is why you are so weak and submissive around me isn't it?"

James did not need to respond. They both knew the answer. Mistress Julie sat at the dinning room table and noticed that it was set for two. "Slave, why are there two settings here?" She asked the question in an accusing tone the implied there should only be one setting.

"Uh, well...one is for me." After answering her question, he knew he had made a mistake in setting the table. He wished he could turn back time.

"Did I say you were going to eat with me? You are serving me, aren't you? Servants do not eat at the same table as their owners. Take those away," she said angrily as she pointed to the place where he had planned to sit.

"Yes Mistress. Sorry Mistress." James hurriedly cleared the setting. His cock twitched and his heart thudded excitedly at the way she reprimanded him. He liked how she referred to herself as his owner. He did not know why, but he loved the idea of being owned by such a hot Goddess.

"Bring me a glass of wine, and put it in a new glass. I don't want to drink out of the last glass that had your nasty cum in it."

James brought Mistress Julie a full glass of wine. While he placed it on the table, she reached down to his shorts and pulled open a Velcro zipper that he did not know was there. She reached in and forced his cock and balls through the opening. That's better she said, admiring his cock and balls protruding from the latex shorts.

James served her steak with grilled vegetables and a baked potato. After he cut her meat for her, she ordered him to kneel at her feet while she ate. The food was delicious and she complimented him on it. "This is delicious."

"Thank you Mistress. I enjoy cooking."

"Well then you'll have to cook for me more often."

"I would love that," replied James, happy that she was satisfied.

"Would you like some slave?"

"Yes Mistress."

Mistress Julie placed a small piece of steak on the tip of her boot. "Go ahead. Eat it off my boot slave."

James leaned down and sucked the juicy steak into his mouth. Mistress Julie patted his head. "Good boy."

Julie ate more of her meal and then offered more steak to James in the same manner. James ate and licked his entire dinner off of her boots. When dinner was finished she ordered him to clean her boots with his tongue. He happily complied.

"You must be parched," said Mistress Julie. "Let me get you a drink. She went to the fridge and pulled out a baby bottle filled with milk. James was surprised to see it. He did not know when she put it there.

Mistress Julie sat back in the chair and ordered James to tilt his head back. Just a like a mother would do with a baby, she placed one hand on the back of his head and held the bottle nipple in front of his mouth. "Come on sweetie. Drink your milk," she cooed.

It took him a few seconds to get the right sucking. A cool stream of milk flowed into his mouth. "That's a good boy. Drink all your milk."

James was already in a submissive subspace. Being fed a bottle reinforced Julie's authority over him and her role as his superior. The kinky power exchange created an overwhelming rush of arousal and excitement inside James. When the milk was finished Julie made James kiss each of her boots and thank her for feeding him. Then they moved to the upstairs to the Master bedroom. Things were about to get much kinkier.



CHAPTER 3 LEARNING TO WORSHIP MISTRESS JULIE

In the bedroom, Mistress Julie fitted James with a black latex shirt. She loved how it formed a tight skin over his chest and biceps. She continued with the latex theme, by putting latex gloves on his hands. She too, pulled on a pair of gloves. However her gloves were a bit different than his. Her gloves stretched to her elbows, while his just covered his wrists. Her gloves could easily be removed while his could not be removed without the assistance of another person. There were buckles around the wrist, which Mistress Julie tightened and secured. Additionally, a short steel chain connected the gloves from wrist to wrist. James only had about 6 inches of leeway to move his hands apart.

Mistress Julie admired her slave's predicament. "Mmmm. It's so sexy to see you trapped inside that latex. My little latex prisoner. I just love latex," said Julie with a whisper of sexual excitement. James could sense an erotic hunger in Mistress Julie. He was her helpless prey about to be devoured.

Mistress Julie forcefully pushed James onto the bed, causing him to fall backwards. She immediately jumped on top of him, straddling his body and pinning his shoulders down with her hands. "Open your mouth," she demanded.

James opened his mouth and her tongue slid in. Her soft lips barely brushed his, sending a shiver through his body. James started to kiss back and she immediately pulled away. Mistress Julie sternly warned, "Do not kiss back slave! I am enjoying you. You are here for my pleasure, not yours! You will not move any part of your body unless I say so. Now open up slave."

Julie slid her tongue back into his mouth. She licked and teased the insides of his mouth with her tongue. James wanted desperately to kiss back. The helpless feeling was driving him crazy.

"Stick out your tongue slave."

James obeyed and Mistress Julie circled her tongue around his and licked it up and down. James did his best not to move.

"Very good," complimented Julie. "Put it away," ordered Julie, referring to his tongue.

Julie stood up and slid her panties down. Like everything else, they were made of latex. She ordered James to stick his tongue out again. She stretched the crotch of the panties above his mouth. James could see the latex glistening wet with her juices. Mistress Julie slid the crotch of the panties back and forth over his tongue. "Clean my panties slave. Lick all my juices off." Mistress Julie held the panties still. "Go ahead. Lick them slave. Lick them 'panty cleaner.'"

James could barely taste her juices, but he was excited to be her panty cleaner. He licked back and forth across the smooth and slippery material until Mistress Julie ordered his tongue back into his mouth. She stretched the rubbery panties again and forced them over his mouth like a gag. She stretched the sides around his head and laughed. "These would make a fine gag, wouldn't they?"

The gag idea was a passing thought. Mistress Julie sat back up; the weight of her ass pressed his cock against his belly. "Are you ready to worship my body?"

"Yes Mistress. I'll do whatever you want," said James excitedly.

"Of course you will slave," laughed Julie. She stood up and slid the panties back on. "I love the feeling of slippery latex against my pussy," she commented. "It keeps me so hot and aroused."

Mistress Julie grasped James cock and stroked it a few times. It only took a few strokes before James felt an orgasm rising. He knew the consequences would be bad if he did explode. "Please stop Mistress or you'll make me cum," he pleaded.

Mistress Julie gave one final stroke and watched his cock helplessly twitch. "You are so weak," she teased. "What shall you worship slave? My tits? My Pussy? Oh, I bet you would love that wouldn't you? You are not deserving of those yet. You have to earn the privilege of worshipping my tits and pussy. You need to start at the bottom slave. My bottom to be exact. You are going to worship my ass. Come kneel on the floor slave."

With his wrists still linked together by a chain, it was awkward for James to sit up on the bed but he managed. He scooted off the bed and kneeled, facing the end of the bed. Mistress Julie had him back up a few feet and then she stood between the bed and him. She scrunched her latex dress up around her hips, exposing her ass to James. Mistress Julie leaned forward, placing her hands on the bed and arching her back so that her ass stuck out for James.

James admired her perfect ass. The thin strip of her latex thong was wedged between her ass checks. Mistress Julie seductively wiggled her ass. "Do you like my ass James?"

"Yes. It's incredible."

"Of course it is slave. Kiss it. Kiss my ass cheeks slave."

James kissed her ass checks. They were soft and round. Mistress Julie mocked him. "Ooh. You're such an ass kisser. Keep kissing and licking my ass cheeks. James, you have a few ass kissers in your class don't you?"

In between kissing and licking her ass he answered, "I'm not sure Mistress."

"Oh please James. Sarah and Mark are the biggest ass kissers. They're always up your ass trying to impress you." Mistress Julie laughed. "You're the ass kisser now slave. You've got to impress me."

Julie slid her latex panties down to her thighs. "Spread my ass cheeks and stare at my pretty little hole."

James did as instructed. Never before had he stared at an ass so up close and personal. He focused on her tight pink pucker hole. Feeling bold, he stretched her ass cheeks wider, trying to get a better look.

"Oooh, yes. Stretch my ass," cooed Mistress Julie, pleased at the sensation. "Isn't it beautiful? Doesn't it look delicious? You want to lick it, don't you?"

Ordinarily James would have been repulsed at the thought of licking someone's ass. At the moment he was spellbound by Mistress Julie's sexual manipulation and feminine power. She had created a strong desire within James to worship and obey her. Her words seduced James and caused his mouth to drool at the sight of her ass. It did look delicious. He wanted to kiss it, lick it, and eat it.

"Yes, Mistress. Please let me lick your ass," he begged like a hungry animal.

"Indulge yourself slave. Show me what a dirty slut you are. I want your tongue deep in my ass."

James was so excited he did not hesitate. He licked up and down and her ass crack and then he dove right in. He pushed his tongue into her ass. Mistress Julie reached one hand behind his head a pushed him into her ass, encouraging him to go deeper.

"Yes, slave. Get your tongue in deep. Lick my ass. Yes, you are filthy slave. Worship my ass. Mmmm."

James could hear the excitement and pleasure in Mistress Julie's voice. Her satisfaction and her words motivated James to continue. She grinded her ass into his face and nose while forcing his head forward, smothering him between his ass cheeks. James loved how she totally dominated and controlled him. His cock was aching hard and dripping from arousal.

James pushed his tongue deep into her wet asshole and was rewarded with deep erotic moans from Mistress Julie. After a few minutes of ass worship, Julie stood up, giving James a chance to catch his breath. She walked over to her black bag.

As she rummaged through the bag looking for something, Mistress Julie commented, "Your tongue feels incredible in my ass slave, but you're not getting in deep enough. I've got a special toy for you that will help."

Mistress Julie pulled out a strange looking harness, which had a long thin plug attached to it. James could not figure out what it was for. Mistress Julie walked over to him and to James surprise, placed the harness over his face. The harness covered his mouth and nose and was secured behind his head with straps and buckles. Mistress Julie adjusted the position of the harness so that the plug stuck straight out from his mouth. She stood back and admired it. "Yes. Now you'll be able to get nice and deep into my ass. Lube it up," ordered Mistress Julie as she threw a bottle of lubrication at James.

With his wrists still bound by the leather gloves and chain, he was not quick enough to catch the bottle. James picked up the bottle and squeezed a large amount of lubrication on to his leather gloves and then he massaged it over the anal probe. Mistress Julie moved in front of him and leaned over the end of the bed again, sticking her ass out for James.

James stared out her asshole, waiting for further instruction. Mistress Julie looked over her shoulder and laughed. "How pathetic. Look at you DOCTOR Jenson," She dramatically emphasized his credentials, mocking him. "My dirty little ass worshipper. Your credentials don't mean anything to me slave. You are just a perverted ass licker, aren't you? You have all those degrees and a cushy job, but your real place in life is beneath me, worshipping my ass. Your cock tells it all James. The more you worship my ass and serve me, the harder and drippier it gets."

Mistress Julie laughed again. She grasped the anal probe a guided it towards her asshole. "Come on slave, worship my ass. Start of nice and slow."

James slowly pushed his head forward and watched the probe disappear into her hole. Julie let out a deep moan. When it was half-way in, he slowly pulled back and then started pushing back in again. "Ohh, That's it. Go a little deeper," moaned Julie.

James slowly fucked her ass, going deeper each time. Mistress Julie moaned and encouraged him on. To his astonishment, he was able to push the probe all the way in, to the point that the base of the harness was pressing against her ass cheeks. Mistress Julie's ass stretched and took in the full length of the probe. "Oooh, yes. Fuck my ass, dirty slut. Faster," ordered Julie.

James bobbed his head back and forth, fucking her ass. It was an awkward motion and he had trouble getting into a good rhythm. Mistress Julie reached back and grasped his hair and pushed his head in and out at a pace that satisfied her. James felt helpless as she forced him to face fuck her ass. His cock was aching for release from all the kinkiness and perverted domination. He wished it was his cock fucking her ass.

With her other hand, Mistress Julie inserted a long bullet shaped vibrator into her dripping pussy. James could hear the vibrator humming in her pussy. He face fucked her ass while she fucked her pussy with the vibrator. Mistress Julie's moans turned to deep sensual screams. Her body convulsed in orgasm from the double penetration. The onset of her orgasm thrilled James and he fucked her ass harder and deeper, trying to keep the rush of pleasure flowing through his owner. Finally, Mistress Julie pushed him away and crawled up on the bed to catch her breath.

Mistress Julie calmed down but James arousal grew stronger. He desperately wanted to cum and Julie knew this. She reached down, grabbed the chain between his wrists and forcefully pulled him up. It was clear who was in charge. "On the bed," she ordered.

Mistress Julie had James lie on his back. Then she pushed his hands over his head and secured them to the head board. She loved seeing him stretched out and encased in latex. His cock and balls contrasted nicely against the dark shiny material. She was pleased to see his cock twitching on its own. "You have no control over your cock, do you slave? You are so weak."

Mistress Julie stroked his cock lightly with her latex covered fingers. "You want to cum so bad, don't you slave?"

"Yes, please can I cum," asked James.

Julie continued to slightly stroke his cock. It twitched at her touch. Julie laughed and ignored his plea. "James, you have done a good job on your first day of training, but we have much more work to do. I will condition you to be aroused at the sight of me and to cum on command. You are learning that your true purpose is to serve me and to serve women. My commands are vastly superior to your needs and they always will be."

James was on the verge of orgasm as she talked. Her light feathery strokes were keeping him on edge. Her words were having a brainwashing effect on him. He fell deeper under her control. It was no longer about obeying to protect his reputation. He wanted to server her and pleasure her. His deepest inner sexuality was manipulated to the point that his only release was to serve her and pleasure her.

Mistress Julie was smart and cunning and she took advantage of his weak state of mind.

"James, there a few things that I'll need you to do. First, you will terminate your maid service. I will not have a maid doing work for one of my slaves. You are to be worshipping and idolizing women, not enslaving them."

"Yes Mistress."

An idea popped into Mistress Julie's head. She was currently in the process of feminizing a freshman boy. He was already wearing panties and stocking underneath his clothes. This would be a perfect opportunity to put him to work. Julie was delighted at the thought of him scurrying around the house in a sexy French maid's outfit. She squeezed James cock and said, "I know of a male maid service that can clean your house. I will make the arrangements and you will pay me."

"Thank you," said James, too aroused to be concerned about the details. James was desperate to cum. "Please can I cum Mistress Julie. I can't take much more of this."

"Poor weak little slave. Just a few more things to go over and then you can cum. I will be spending quite a bit of time at your house training you. I don't want to have to pack a bag every time and so I you will need to buy me some things like bubble bath, a robe, and slippers."

"Sure. Whatever you want," agreed to James, hoping to speed things along.

"I will e-mail you a list. I will also expect you to keep the vase you bought, full of fresh roses at all times and you will always have a bottle of red wine on hand."

"Yes Mistress."

James was breathing in deep breaths and he was tensing his body, trying not to cum. He was ready to agree to anything just to get release. Mistress Julie's demands became tougher. "James, I will need to buy some things for your training and I expect you to pay for them. On Monday you will bring an envelope to work, filled with $1,000 cash. Every Monday after that you will pay me $200 cash. This will cover the cost of equipment and supplies for your training as well as the cost of the male maid service. Since you are not allowed to see your whore call girl again, paying me this money should not be a problem."

James was shocked at first, but in his state of mind he easily reasoned that the money was justified. He agreed to her terms.

"Good slave. Now there's just one more piece of business to take care of."

Julie straddled James, pressing his cock against his stomach with her hot pussy. She held her vibrator in front of James lips and ordered, "lick it slave. Lick my juices off the vibrator."

James licked all around the vibrator. "That's it, slave. Clean my toy with your tongue." Mistress Julie pushed the vibrator into his lips. "Suck it slave. Suck off all my juices." James could do nothing but obey. Mistress Julie pushed the vibrator in and out of his mouth. "That's it. It's just like sucking a cock, isn't it? This is how you will clean my didlo's and vibrators slave. First you will lick them clean. Then you will suck them in and out of your mouth. Come on slave suck it harder. Be a good cock sucker and I'll let you cum."

James sucked as Mistress Julie pushed the vibrator deep into his mouth. He sucked harder, hoping to please her. Her voice was soft and hypnotic. "That's it. Suck it pretty boy. Good boy. Oh yes. It's so sexy watching you suck my cock. Mmm, sucking my cock makes you want to cum doesn't it? It's o.k. It's time to cum for your owner. Cum for me baby."

Her words were music to his ears. Instantly his cock convulsed and started spewing cum all over the latex shirt that encased his upper body.. Mistress Julie continued to fuck his mouth until his orgasm finished. "Good boy," complimented Mistress Julie.

Mistress Julie left James tied up and went into the bathroom. He drifted to sleep vaguely hearing her talking on her cell phone. He was awoken a short while later by Julie. She smelled clean and delicious and she looked stunning in a low cut top and tight jeans.

Mistress Julie stroked his cock until it was erect again. Then she said, "You have your orders slave. I'll see you on Monday. As you know Friday nights are big party nights on campus so it's time for me to head out. Maybe I'll find someone to fuck me since you didn't get the chance."

James felt a twinge of jealousy. He knew there was nothing he could do about it. Mistress Julie untied his left wrist and told him to undo the rest himself. She left him with instructions to clean the toys and latex outfits and then headed out for the night.

CHAPTER 4 THE PUNISHMENT

The weekend flew by quick for James. As instructed he cleaned out the spare room in the basement. He checked his slave e-mail account frequently, but was disappointed to find it empty each time he logged in. All James could think about was the incredible time he had being dominated by Mistress Julie. There were many small memories that kept surfacing in his mind. He couldn't believe how she manipulated him into drinking a small amount of his cum with her wine. His cock grew hard each time he remembered how he ate his dinner off her boots while kneeling at her feet. He stroked his cock thinking about how strange and exciting it was to be fed a baby bottle by his Mistress and how thrilling it was to worship and lick her ass.

Mistress Julie had unlocked new desires and submissive emotions inside James. He didn't quite understand his feelings, but he knew he loved to be humiliated by her and treated as her property and sex toy. He was ashamed at how far he let things go but the cruel and delightful truth was the he could not wait to do it all again.

Finally, Sunday night Julie sent him an e-mail. It was another PowerPoint presentation. The first few slides were the same as the previous presentation. James was ordered to present himself to Julie on the screen. Then he was instructed to stroke his cock in various ways while he stared at her picture. When he was on the verge of orgasm, he was instructed to lightly stroke his cock while he read his assignment for the week.

His assignments included buying a robe, slippers, scented bubble bath, shower gel, a spa towel, and foot and body lotion for Mistress Julie for the nights she would be spending at his house. He was to wrap each one individually and give Mistress Julie the presents at his next training session. His sessions would be Thursday nights. Mistress Julie also indicated that throughout the week he would receive online training via these PowerPoint presentations. His final order was to leave a set of house keys and the $1,000 cash in the glove compartment of his car on Monday morning.

The last slide of the presentation had a picture of Mistress Julie in a full body latex suit and the words, "Give me worship strokes slave. Stroke to the beat and do not cum!" A steady beating sound echoed through the computer speakers. James started stroking in rhythm. The pace sped up and he stroked harder. It was difficult for him to control himself. After about 2 minutes the presentation ended, leaving him hot and horny.

James did not see Mistress Julie at all on Monday. At the end of the day he checked his glove compartment and found that the keys and money were gone. Mistress Julie had left 3 pairs of panties in their place, along with a note. The note read,



'I wore each of these panties over the weekend. Use your nose and

tongue to find the pair I was wearing while my date fingered me to an

incredible orgasm. Send me an e-mail tonight describing each pair of

panties and then tell me your choice. I want at least 5 characteristics of

for each pair of panties. Guess the correct pair and I will have a special

surprise for you. Hand wash each pair and leave them for me tomorrow

in your glove compartment. You may stroke your cock while you do the

sniff test but you may NOT cum.'

James already had his hard cock in his hand by the time he finished reading the letter. He was a bit jealous that someone else had fingered her, but he was excited to sniff her damp panties. He sat in his car and masturbated while he sniffed the crotch of each panty. They all smelled of her pussy. The delicious scent was intoxicating. James quickly discovered the winning pair. It was a pink cotton thong and the smell of her pussy was much stronger on the pink thong compared to the other two panties. Although he knew the winner, he also took the time to the lick the crotch of each panty.

His hand and cock quickly became wet and sticky as he stroked his cock while sniffing the panties. The lubrication increased the pleasure of his strokes. It took all his might to keep from cumning. He continued to stroke his cock as he drove home. He was completely horny and aroused when he arrived at home.

James immediately went to his computer and typed up his e-mail. He studied each pair of panties to determine how to describe them to Mistress Julie. He noted the colors of each pair, pink, red, and white. The fabrics were cotton, silk, and nylon. All three were thongs, size small, and were from Victoria's Secret. The winning thong had cute red ribbons around the waist line. Armed with all this information, James sent an e-mail to Mistress Julie describing the panties and guessing that the pink pair was the pair she wore while being fingered.

The next day he left the freshly cleaned panties in his glove compartment. When he returned at the end of the day there were three more pairs and another note. The note read,

'Good boy. You guessed right. Now you get to sniff 3 more pairs.

One pair is mine, the other two are not. Which one is mine? You

know the routine.'

James felt like a naughty boy in a candy store. He was thrilled to have permission to sniff panties which were not Mistress Julie's. There was something strangely erotic and exciting about sniffing panties from different girls. He stroked his cock and took his time sniffing each pair of panties. Two pairs smelled deliciously wet. The one black pair had a very faint smell of pussy and therefore, James figured the black pair did not belong to his Mistress.

It was a toss up between the remaining two. They both had strong scents of arousal and James could not tell one from the other. Finally he came to his senses and studied the panties. One was a pink silk thong and the other was a red lace thong. They were both very sexy and he could see Mistress Julie wearing either one. It was the size that gave it away. The lace pair was small and the silk pair was medium and so he guessed that the red lace panties belonged to his Mistress. He could not wait to get home and e-mail his response to Mistress Julie.

The following day he left the three pairs of panties in his glove compartment and headed into school trying to keep his arousal at bay. He was a bit nervous for his afternoon class, because it was the class that Mistress Julie attended. When she walked in and smiled at James he blushed and his cock stirred in his pants. She giggled and sat in the front row, wearing a short skirt and low cut top, making it difficult for James to concentrate. As the class progressed she subtly inched her skirt up, giving James a view of her panties.

It took James several minutes before he realized she was wearing the red lace panties. Mistress Julie could tell the moment he figured this out. His eyes connected with hers briefly and she smiled devilishly and winked at him. He had picked the right pair.

When class was over Julie, walked up to the podium. James meekly greeted her, "Hi Miss Barnes."

Julie made no effort to keep her voice quiet in front of the exiting students. "I see you do know how to greet me properly in public. What about all the other women Dr Jensen?"

Dr. Jensen blushed, hoping no one heard the young student scold her teacher. Then suddenly he realized that he had called on a few girls in class and addressed them by their first name instead of addressing them with 'Miss' as instructed by Julie in his first training session. "I'm sorry Mistress. I forgot."

"I don't tolerate forgetfulness," said Julie sternly. She pulled a small brown box out of her backpack and handed it to James. By now the lecture hall was empty except for the two of them. Julie's voice seemed to echo off the walls. "You will be wearing this when you arrive home tonight. I'll be waiting for you. Don't be late for your punishment."

Julie abruptly turned and walked out. Her heels clicked on the tile floor as she walked away in no particular hurry. James peeked inside the box and was confused at what he saw. There was a chrome ring and a cage like device. His cock swelled as he wondered what kinky device he would be wearing. He became even more aroused at the thought of being punished by Mistress Julie. He hoped she would take him over her knee and spank him again.

Quickly he went to his office and shut the door. Normally he would leave his door open at this time for students to come in and ask questions but today he had other things to worry about. He opened the box and studied the contents. There were no instructions, but it was easy to figure out the chrome cage-like device was to go around his cock. The only problem was that his cock was too hard to fit into it.

Dr. Jensen looked at his watch. He had about 40 minutes before his work day was over and his punishment would begin. He definitely did not want to be late and anger his Mistress even more. It took about 30 minutes to calm himself down and get the cock cage on. He clamped the ring around the base of the cage, securing the cage to his cock. The ride home was a bit painful as the cage did not allow room for his cock to grow hard. Each time an arousing thought crossed his mind, he winced in pain as his cock pushed against the solid chrome.

Mistress Julie greeted him at the door when he arrived. James was disappointed to see her dressed in plain jeans and a t-shirt. "Let's see that cage slave," said Julie, getting right down to business. James stripped naked for her and she rubbed her hands over the chrome. "Very nice slave," cooed Julie.

James winced in pain as his cock tried to grow. Mistress Julie smirked at him. "What's a matter slave? Don't you like your cage/"

"It's a little uncomfortable," admitted James.

"Good. This is part of your punishment after all."

Mistress Julie quickly snapped a padlock onto the cage, locking it to the cock ring. "Now your cock really belongs to me. All locked up until I'm ready to play with it."

James stomach had butterflies. It was a strange feeling to be locked up. It gave a true feeling of being owned. Mistress Julie held up a pair of sheer pink panties. "Do you like these," she asked.

"Yes. They are very sexy."

"Read to me, what it says on the back," ordered Julie as she flipped the panty around.

James read the words embroidered across the ass of the panty. "Punishment Panties."

"That's right slave. These are your punishment panties. Put them on."

James blushed as he caught the panties that Mistress Julie tossed at him. He wanted to protest, but he knew it would be useless. He had already surrendered to her feminine power several days earlier. He slid up the panties, feeling silly and humiliated.

"Aww. They look so cute on you James," teased Julie. "Turn around. Model them for me."

James slowly turned for her. Mistress Julie commented, "Such pretty punishment panties. James, whenever you are a naughty boy, you must wear your chastity device and punishment panties and you must put your nose in the punishment corner."

Julie led him over to an open corner in the living room. She made him stand a few feet away from the corner and then lean into the corner. She forced his head forward so that his nose squeezed into the corner.

"This is your punishment corner. Get your nose in there slave."

Satisfied that his nose was pressed in as far as it could go, she stood back and admired her naughty slave. "You look so cute. I bet you fantasize about wearing panties, don't you? Do you want to be a sissy?"

"No Mistress," protested James.

Julie laughed. "Well then you better start being good. Stay there until I tell you to move."

James was very uncomfortable in the position that Julie had left him. The cock cage was also adding to his discomfort. This certainly was not the punishment he was hoping for. Mistress Julie left him in the corner for 5 minutes, but it seemed like an eternity to James.

When Mistress Julie ordered James to come out of the corner, he thought his punishment was over. He knew he was wrong when he turned to face her. She held a long leather riding crop in her hand and in the middle of the room was a high back dining room chair. Mistress Julie ordered James to kneel on the chair and hug the back of the chair with his arms.

When he got into position, Mistress slid his panties down to his knees, exposing his ass. Then she asked, "Why are you being punished James?"

"Because I did not address the women in my class properly," admitted James.

"That's right," confirmed Julie. James was not prepared for what happened next. Mistress Julie firmly and repeatedly smacked his ass with the riding crop. For about 30 seconds she spanked him non-stop with the riding crop. James body tensed and he groaned in pain.

"Aww. Does that hurt? You're crying like a sissy. I guess these panties are fit for you," mocked Julie. Then she assaulted his ass again with the riding crop with a series of quick firm slaps.

"What about the girls in your other classes? Are you addressing them as 'Miss' also?"

"No Mistress. I thought I only had to do it in the class you are in."

"Wrong!" Julie smacked his ass three times hard. "You serve all women slave. You must show respect to all females. When I am done training you, your basic instincts will be totally re-oriented and you will learn that your place in life...a man's place in life is to serve and worship females."

"Yes, Mistress," agreed James.

"James, not only will you address the women in your classes properly, but you will also ensure they pass your class with a B average or better. I also expect that the majority of A's in each of your classes will go to females. I don't care if you just give them the A or if you tutor them. You will make it happen. Understood?"

"Yes Ma'am."

"Good. Now it's time for one last spanking." Without hesitation, Mistress Julie slapped the riding crop across his red ass again for another 30 seconds. The pain caused James body to tense and wince. "Owww," he moaned.

Mistress Julie had no sympathy. "Since you cried like a sissy you can keep wearing your panties and chastity device tonight and all day tomorrow. If I'm in a good mood tomorrow, maybe I'll unlock you for your training session."

Just like a passing tornado, Mistress Julie turned and left in an instant. She had only been with him for about 10 minutes but she left him with a sore red ass. It was not the type of punishment James expected. He learned quickly not to disobey Julie.

James felt silly wearing panties and a cock cage to work the next day. Although they were concealed by his clothes, he was paranoid that his students and co-workers would somehow notice what he was wearing. He could not wait to get home, in hopes that Mistress Julie would free him. He was also looking forward to his training session.



CHAPTER 5 TRAINING CONTINUES

When Mistress Julie arrived at his house Thursday night, dinner was waiting for him. James was also waiting for her, dressed in nothing but his punishment panties and cock cage. He was already well trained on how to greet her. The door was opened before she even stepped up to it and he immediately dropped to his knees, kissed her feet and begged her to mold him into the perfect slave.

His dinner was served to him in the same manner as the week before. He kneeled at her feet and licked and ate pieces of food off her boots. The only difference was that now he was wearing panties and his cock was locked up. Once again, she fed him a bottle of milk just like a baby. This time James prepared the bottle himself. Per her orders, he warmed the milk and poured it into "his" baby bottle. She was pushing him deeper into submission and dependence on her. Mistress Julie even commented on how well her cute little slave boy was taking to the bottle.

After dinner, Mistress Julie happily announced, "It's time for my presents, slave. Go fetch them."

James brought out all the items he purchased for her. As instructed, each on was individually wrapped. James used a combination of wrapping paper and gift bags. He even bought her a card and wrote how much he was enjoying his training and the he was happy to have met a Goddess like her. Julie knew what he bought her, but she was still thrilled and excited to open the presents.

James kneeled on the floor beside her in his panties and cock cage, while she opened each present. He was relieved that she loved the scents of bubble bath and shower gel that he picked out for her. She was equally excited with the robe and slippers that he bought. James felt that the night was off to a good start.

Mistress Julie complimented James. "You have done a great job with the presents slave. I love them all. I suppose you have earned your way out of the punishment panties. Stand –up slave."

James stood in front of his Mistress and she pulled down his panties, exposing his caged cock. Mistress Julie gently caressed his cock with her finger. "This is so sexy James. My pussy is dripping just knowing that I own this cock. I control it and determine when it can be free."

Her gentle caressing felt incredible on his sensitive cock. James winced in pain as his cock tried to grow inside the cage. Mistress Julie stared at his face. Her tongue hungrily licked her lips as she savored the moment. Softly she said, "I love to see you suffer for me James. You know that your cock can not grow hard in this cage, yet you can not control it. You are so weak James. Would you like me to release you from your cage?"

"Yes, Mistress. If that's what you desire."

"So, you would stay in it, if I wanted you to?"

"Yes Mistress. I'll do whatever you want," said James, hoping that she wanted to free him.

"Very good slave. What I want is all that matters. You are learning." Mistress Julie retrieved a small key from her pocket and unlocked the padlock on his cage. She carefully pulled off the cage. The freedom was an amazing feeling for James. His cock immediately swelled and grew to a full erection. Mistress Julie laughed. "So weak and needy. I love that about you slave."

Mistress Julie changed into a full body latex outfit. The dark shiny fabric created are dominating and intimidating look that aroused James. Julie dressed James in a latex jumper style outfit that completely encased his chest, stomach, arms, and cock. His legs were still exposed, and the jumper style short snapped below his crotch but came up behind him in a thong style, exposing his ass cheeks. Mistress Julie pulled a rubber hood over his head. The hood was tight and confining but had holes for his eyes, nose, and mouth. Next she locked a collar around the base of the hood and his neck. She also fitted the bondage gloves over his hands. "Now you're my latex prisoner," she joked.

Mistress Julie led James downstairs to the room he had cleaned out. There was a new door knob and lock on the door, which he had not noticed previously. Mistress Julie unlocked the door and led James inside.

James was shocked at what he saw. The bed had been covered with black satin sheets. Whips, paddles, and chains, hung on hooks and racks that lined the walls. Eye hooks were spaced evenly across the ceiling rafters. There were several strange wooden structures in the room and a bondage swing hung from the rafters in one corner. James was flabbergasted at how the room had been converted into a mini dungeon without his knowledge.

He was still taking it all in when Mistress Julie prodded him forward and pushed him onto the bed. He rolled over onto his back and Mistress Julie sat on top of his chest. James did not resist as she tied a nylon rope to the chain that linked his bondage gloves together. She then pushed his wrists over his head and tied the end of the rope to the head board.

Next Mistress Julie placed a bar between his feet and strapped each of his ankles to the ends of the bar. She turned a knob on the center of the bar and was able to extend it, causing his ankles to spread apart. She tightened the knob when she was satisfied with how far his ankles were spread.

James felt helpless enclosed in his latex outfit and tied to the bed. The tight hood over his head, made him feel even more powerless. Mistress Julie straddled James body again. She leaned forward and slowly licked the side of his face from top to bottom. She was a like a wild animal marking her territory and savoring her catch. He was her property. "Mmmm. You are all mine slave," cooed Mistress Julie.

James could not feel the lick through the latex but he felt it inside his mind. His cock twitched and pulsed with excitement. She ordered his mouth open and he obeyed. Her soft tongue probed the inside of his mouth. He had learned from his last session to keep still while she explored.

Mistress Julie complimented him on his progress. "Very good slave. You are learning that you exist for my pleasure and amusement. Open you mouth," she ordered again. This time Mistress Julie leaned over his mouth slowly let a long drop of spit ooze out of her mouth and into his waiting mouth.

James felt the spit drip into his mouth and down his throat. He knew Mistress Julie was getting off on overpowering him like this. He liked that he was amusing her. He enjoyed being her play thing. He liked the way she laughed at his predicament of having to swallow her spit.. She was amused at his willingness to do anything to please her. James thought her laugh was sexy and powerful.

Mistress Julie licked his lips one last time. Then James felt her tug on the latex shirt. She unsnapped two flaps on his chest, exposing his nipples. She pinched both of his nipples, startling him and causing him to jump.

"Mmmm. I like nice hard nipples." Mistress Julie licked, sucked and nibbled his nipples until they were erect and swollen. Then she attached nipples clips to each one. James winced and pulled against his restraints as he felt a burst of pain shoot through his body when each clip was attached. The clips were linked together by a small chrome chain. Mistress Julie tugged on the center of the chain causing his nipples to be pulled taught. James groaned at the pain.

"That's so sexy," announced Mistress Julie.

Then she held a dildo over his face. The dildo looked just like a real cock. It was even flesh colored and had balls.

Mistress Julie asked in a seductive and playful tone, "James, do you want to suck my cock? Why don't you show me what a good cock sucker you are?"

James knew what she wanted to hear, but he felt he had to protest. Deep down he knew she would get her way but he did not want her to think he was that easy. He had to show some male pride and so he nodded his head no and kept his mouth closed.

Mistress Julie frowned. Her pointer finger slowly traced his lips. "Awww. Are you too embarrassed to suck my cock? I really love to see boys suck my toy cock. It gets me so hot and wet."

Mistress Julie pushed her finger into his mouth, forcing him to suck it. James mind was going wild at the display of control and seduction from his sexy mistress. He was about to give in but Mistress Julie did not give him the chance.

"You don't have to suck it James. You'll come around I'm sure. Let's change things up a bit shall we."

James was surprised at how easy she gave up. He felt relieved. Mistress Julie untied his hands and undid the chain that connected the bondage gloves. She had him stand at the edge of the bed, facing toward the bed. She threaded some rope through eyehooks in the ceiling that were over the center of the bed. Then she tied the ends of the rope to each of James wrists. She tightened the slack on the rope forcing his arms forward and causing him to bend slightly forward over the bed. The spreader bar was still connected to his ankles, keeping his legs spread apart.

Once again he felt vulnerable and helpless. Mistress Julie disappeared from James sight and then reappeared wearing a strap-on cock. She stood on the bed in front of James giving him a clear view of the strap-on.

"James, tonight's training requires you to have a cock inside you. Since you didn't want to suck the first cock, we'll have to play with this one. I bet you're dying to suck this one, aren't you."

The cock looked so big to James. He loved the way Mistress Julie was dominating him. She was making the idea of sucking her cock exciting, but once again he felt the need to protect his ego. "No Mistress, I'm not into that," he replied defiantly.

Mistress Julie let out a low and evil laugh. She hopped off the bed and walked behind James. "That's o.k. slave, I found the perfect hole for this one."

Mistress Julie gently pushed a lubricated finger into his ass. Shocked he asked "Wait, what are you doing?"

His natural reaction was to tighten his ass but that didn't stop Julie. She managed to get two well lubricated fingers into his ass. "You're such a tight ass," she joked. "Relax and enjoy it."

"Please no Mistress. I'll suck the cock. I'll do it."

James felt her fingers go in and out of his ass. He felt them twisting inside him and stretching his ass. Mistress Julie said, "Oh, now you want to suck my cock do you. Well. I'm not sure if I believe you. Maybe if you beg I'll let you suck my cock."

James figured sucking was better than being fucked up the ass. It was the lesser of two evils. He begged for her cock. "Please Mistress, let me suck your cock. I want to suck your cock."

"Mmmm. A little more begging please. You're not excited enough. You're not desperate enough." Mistress Julie continued to tease his ass hole with her fingers.

James male pride was hurt, but his arousal was growing strong. The more lubricated his ass became, the more pleasurable Mistress Julie's fingers felt. Once again James was experiencing strange new pleasures. His knees weakened and his thoughts were a blur. Part of him wanted Mistress Julie to keep playing with his ass but he feared having her strap-on inside him and so he excitedly begged to suck her cock.

"I'm desperate to suck your cock Mistress. Please let me suck it!"

"Mmmm. You'll be a good little cock sucker, won't you?"

"Yes," moaned James.

Mistress Julie held the cock shaped dildo in front of his mouth. "Prove it," she demanded.

James leaned forward and began to lick and suck the head. He felt Mistress's fingers leave his ass. She encouraged him on, "Good boy. Suck my cock."

Mistress Julie leaned in close to James and he could feel the tip of the strap-on push against his ass. At the same time Mistress Julie pushed the cock shaped dildo in and out of his mouth. Since he was restrained all he could do was try to relax and suck in rhythm with the cock that was being forced in and out of his mouth.

James wondered if Mistress Julie knew her strap-on was pushing into his ass. His insides were so well lubricated that the strap-on seemed to slowly push in on its own. It's stretched his ass. James was having a hard time concentrating on sucking the cock in his mouth. He wanted to alert Mistress Julie that her strap-on was pushing into his ass, but she was fucking his mouth so deep, that he did not have a chance to speak.

Finally Mistress Julie looked down and commented, "Oh my slave, it looks like my strap-on found its way inside you after all. I guess it was meant to me. Hold this," she said letting go of the dildo and forcing James to hold it in his mouth. Then she placed both hands on his hips and slowly began to fuck his ass.

James was helpless and at her mercy. He groaned into his gag as Mistress Julie took away his ass's virginity. Her rhythm increased at a steady rate and soon she was thrusting long and hard into his ass. It was slightly painful, yet pleasurable for James.

Mistress Julie was very vocal while she fucked her toy. "I love this. I get off on fucking naughty boys. This is the way it's going to be fuck boy. Me fucking you. Your boy-pussy is all mine slave."

James could hear her breathing intensify. He could feel her body stiffen as she fucked his ass. Her short high pitched moans matched her orgasmic spasms. James could not believe he was being fucked by a young girl and he could not believe that she was having an orgasm from doing it. The experience was intense and emasculating for James.

Mistress Julie pulled out of his ass but she left the dildo in his mouth. With a satisfied tone she said, "That was fantastic. I always orgasm the first time I fuck a new slave." She reached around and pulled the chain connected to the nipples clamps, causing James to flinch. Then she reached down and squeezed his cock, which was still hard. "Still hard I see. I knew you'd love it. Not every boy has the privilege of having my girl cock inside their boy-pussy. You better show me some appreciated when I pull this cock out of your mouth. Give me a few more sucks."

Mistress Julie grasped the cock dildo and started to push it in and out of his mouth again while commenting, "That's it pretty boy, suck it like a whore. I love that you'll humiliate yourself for me like this. You'll do whatever I want, won't you? You're my fuck toy...my finger puppet."

James nodded his head in agreement while the cock pushed in and out of his mouth. Her words were true and James knew it. She had him wrapped around her finger. She had conditioned him to please her and server her. Mistress Julie pulled the cock out of his mouth and made him stick his tongue out and lick the head, shaft, and balls. Then she sat on the bed in front of him and waited for her appreciation.

James knew what she wanted to hear. "Thank you Mistress for letting me suck your cock. Thank you for fucking me in my boy-pussy." The words seemed so strange and foreign to James. He never imagined saying things like that, but his life was much different now. He was being transformed into a needy slut. He was eager to be used for her pleasure.

"And did you enjoy it, slave? Tell me what you liked." Mistress Julie gently grasped his balls with one hand and slowly stroked his cock with the other hand as he talked.

"Yes Mistress. I liked being your fuck toy. I liked sucking your cock and to have your cock in me."

"Your inner-slut is coming out James. It was always there, you just needed me to unleash it. Now, you see, it's foolish to resist me isn't it?"

"Yes Mistress."

"I know what's best for naughty boys like you and I will have my way, no matter what. You do understand that, don't you?"

"Yes Mistress. I will do whatever you want. I want to please you and make you happy."

"Good slave. Your training is progressing well. We are done for tonight."

James heart sunk. He was on the edge of orgasm and he was not expecting Mistress Julie to leave him in desperation. Mistress Julie could see this frustration on his face. She actually expected it and was looking for it.

"What's a matter sweetie, did you want an orgasm?" She knew the answer and she also knew that he would not get one no matter how hard he begged.

"Yes, Mistress. I am so desperate to cum."

Mistress Julie smirked. "That's what I like slave. I want you to suffer for me. I want you to ache for me. That's what will please me and you do want to please me, don't you?"

James could do nothing but agree. It was the truth. He wanted to please her. "Yes Mistress I want to please you."

"Good boy. I think I'll leave you tied up for a bit."

Mistress Julie sat on the bed in front of him and made a call on her cell phone. She talked to a friend, while she teased his cock with her foot. James could not even pay attention to who she was talking to or what she was saying, because he was drifting into a world of erotic pleasure. Her toes gently teased his balls and her feet played with his cock while she talked. James cock was dripping cum and twitching with desire.

Finally, she ended her call and stopped the teasing. Mistress Julie untied James and led him upstairs into the master bedroom. She had him fill the Jacuzzi with warm water and bubbles. James kneeled and watched her strip out of her clothes. It was the first time he saw her naked breasts and he was surprised at how large they were. The clothes she wore on a daily basis kept a great secret.

While Mistress Julie soaked and relaxed, James was assigned the task of cleaning her dildo and strap-on. He also retrieved a glass of wine for her. James cock remained hard the whole time he served her. When she had enough of the Jacuzzi, James helped her out of the tub and dried her with the plush spa towel he bought her. Next James helped her into a silk night gown and tucked her into bed. Mistress Julie instructed James to kneel by the side of the bed until she fell asleep. Then he was to retire to the play room down in the basement. Mistress Julie's last words to him as she drifted to sleep were, "Take your work clothes down with you slave. I don't want to be disturbed in the morning."

James was thrilled to have Mistress Julie spend the night at his place, even if he was sleeping in the basement. When he was sure she was sound asleep, he went down to the playroom. James was so horned up he couldn't possibly go to sleep. Instead, he spent time exploring the room.

He admired and touched the many whips and paddles that lined the walls. They sent wild fantasies through his mind. He sat in the bondage swing and imagined the many kinky things that Mistress Julie could do to him. James explored the drawers and cabinets in the room. He discovered an array of dildo's, butt plugs, clamps, and toys that left him wondering what they were. James was tempted to experiment with some of the toys, but he feared Mistress Julie would find out and punish him. The last thing he wanted was to be put in the cock cage again.

When his curiosity was satisfied he slid into bed. The smooth satin sheets molded around his body and teased his cock. He could not resist their arousing feeling. James rubbed his cock through the silky sheets until he was on the edge of orgasm. He continued to tease and torture himself until fatigue set in and forced him into a deep sleep.

In the morning, James quietly showered and dressed for work. He slipped out of the house without awaking Julie. His cock on the other hand was wide awake and had a mind of its own. Mistress Julie had teased him so much, that his balls ached for release. James had a hard time concentrating at work. He did not hear from Julie all day, but he could not keep his mind off her and how great it was being under her control. He was addicted to her power. He could not wait to bow down and worship her and please her.

CHAPTER 6 EXPOSED TO ANOTHER GODDESS

It was the weekend and James knew Julie usually disappeared from campus on the weekends. He was disappointed that he would not get to see her and he was concerned at how horny he was. It would be difficult to make it through the weekend without cumming. He still had hope that she would call or stop by and allow him to have an orgasm.

His hope came to fruition Saturday night. Mistress Julie called him on his cell phone. "Where are you at," she demanded.

"I'm out grocery shopping."

"Get home immediately slave. Go into the playroom strip naked, kneel by the door and wait for me."

"Yes, Mistress Julie."

James left his cart full of food in the aisle and walked to his car. There was urgency in Mistress Julie's voice that made James want to get home as fast as possible. When he arrived home, the house was empty. He immediately went into the basement and followed her orders. James kneeled naked by the door awaiting Mistress Julie's arrival.

A few minutes later he heard the front door open and he heard voices. Mistress Julie was not alone. James heart pounded in his chest. He wondered who was with her. He wondered if she would expose him to the guest. Footsteps could be heard going down the steps and then the playroom door open. James looked up to see Mistress Julie devilishly grinning at him. He immediately kissed her feet.

Mistress Julie ordered him on all fours up on the bed. "You're going to have a fun night," Mistress Julie said smiling.

She retrieved a bottle of lubrication and proceeded to lube James ass. He was no longer a virgin in his ass and so he did not resist. He relaxed and took great pleasure in her probing fingers. Then he felt a firm rubbery object pushing into his ass. The butt plug stretched his ass and felt incredible. When it settled into place, James moaned. His cock felt hard as ever.

Mistress Julie placed a baby monitor on an end table next to the bed. "Enjoy the sounds of me and my date fucking slave. Stroke your cock as much as you want. When I scream cum for me baby, you will cum, understand?"

"Yes Mistress."

"Good boy. I can't wait to have you and my date cum together on my command. You are not permitted to leave this room slave. I will come get you in the morning."

Mistress Julie walked out of the room leaving James in a dazed state. He was excited that he would get to cum, but a bit jealous that he was not the one fucking Julie. His jealousy turned to excitement the minute he heard the voice of Mistress Julie's date in the monitor. It was a female voice. James could not believe that Mistress Julie was going to have sex with another female. He was beginning to like being her slave even more.

James stroked his cock as he listened to the two girls kissing and moaning. He could hear clothes being stripped off and he could hear licking and sucking. They started out giggling and teasing each other. Then Mistress Julie's dominant side kicked in and she ordered her date, Sarah, to kneel and lick her pussy. Mistress Julie was very vocal in ordering Sarah to pleasure her and in describing how great if felt. She left little to the imagination for James.

James heard Sarah bring Julie to an orgasm. Then he heard whispers, giggles, and moans as they played with dildos and strap-ons. Julie was definitely in control, but it was a playful dominance. It was not the serious and stern dominance that she exhibited with him. James wished he could be in the room with them watching.

James could hear that Sarah was helping Mistress Julie into a strap-on. Then he was astonished to get a direct order from Mistress Julie. Her voice bellowed through the monitor. "James, I'm going to Fuck Sarah good and hard right now. I want you to fuck your ass with the plug now and imagine that it is my strap-on fucking you. Be ready to cum for me slutty boy."

James heard Sarah giggle in the background. He had thought he was a secret to Sarah. He blushed from being verbally exposed. As instructed James began to push the plug in and out of his ass. The sensation was incredible. He could hear Mistress Julie fucking Sarah and he tried to fuck at the same pace. His other hand stroked his oozing cock. James was desperate to cum.

Finally Mistress Julie screamed, "Cum for me baby."

James instantly shot a load of cum across the room. He continued to stroke his cock and fuck his ass with the plug throughout the length of his orgasm. He could hear both Sarah and Mistress Julie moaning in pleasure even after his orgasm ended. When they were finished there was silence as everyone rested. Then both girls whispered into the monitor. "Hope you liked the show. Nighty-night slave boy.

James laughed to himself. The sudden release of his pent-up cum drained all his energy. He lay back on the bed and drifted to sleep. James was awoke in the morning by the sounds of giggling and his name being called. Both girls were calling into the monitor, "James....wake-up. Slave boy it's time to get up and serve your Goddesses."

In a groggy voice, James muttered into the monitor, "Good morning. I'm awake."

Mistress Julie responded. "Good. Make us breakfast slave. I want toast, scrambled, eggs, and orange juice. How about you Sarah?"

Sarah answered, "That sounds good to me. I'll have the same."

"Yes, Mistress."

"Mistress Julie added one more instruction. "I left something for you to wear on the kitchen counter. Wear it and nothing else."

James scurried upstairs naked, curious and a bit nervous about what he would find. On the counter were a cock and ball harness and a black butt plug, which was slightly larger than the one had just used. He was a little intimidated at the size of the plug so he started with the harness. The leather harness went around the base of his cock and had straps that circled and separated his balls.

Next he tackled the plug. Mistress Julie had left a few small packets of lubrication. They looked like those little packets of ketchup and mustard that fast food restaurants have. James felt awkward lubing up his ass, but he did it. Then he slowly pushed the plug in. The base of the plug was wide and stretched his ass. At one point James, felt he could not take the whole plug. It felt like his ass was being stretched to the limit and so he backed the plug out and tried again. By now his cock was rock hard. The harness tightened around his swollen cock and balls, keeping the blood from rushing out of his erection. James enjoyed the tight feeling of the harness.

James was basically fucking his ass with the plug, trying to get it all the way in. He did not want to disappoint Mistress Julie so he finally gave it a hard push and the widest part pushed past the rim of his ass and his ass closed around it, holding it in place.

It was slightly painful getting the plug in, but once his ass relaxed and conformed to the shape of the plug, the feeling was incredible. James could not believe the pleasure he was experiencing. There were so many erotic nerves in his ass that he never experienced before. As he walked around the kitchen preparing breakfast, the plug jiggled and rubbed his insides, teasing his prostate and erotic nerves. At the same time, the harness around his cock and balls kept his cock hard and extra sensitive.

James was completely aroused and submissive even before the girls came downstairs. The girls took their seat at the dinning room table waiting to be served. They were pleased to see James cock hard and dripping cum. James was also pleased at what he saw. Both Mistress Julie and Sarah were wearing short silk night gowns that showed off their breasts. Sarah was shorter than Mistress Julie, with slightly larger breasts. James loved the size of her nipples. They were not visible but James could clearly see the outline of them pushing against the thin silk material. They seemed to be begging for attention. James wished he could touch them and kiss them and give them the attention they deserved.

Mistress Julie called James over to the dinning room table and ordered him to present himself. He was already naked and hard so he just stroked his cock a few times and then put his hand behind his head, presenting himself to the two girls. Mistress Julie grasped his cock and balls in her hands.

"Very nice. I love the way the harness looks. So sexy, don't you think Sarah?"

Sarah reached down and rubbed his balls. Then she traced a finger up the underside of his cock. James bodied shivered at the touch of another girl. She commented, "Yes, and it makes his cock feel so hard."

Mistress Julie ordered, "Turn around slave. I want to see the plug."

James kept his hands behind his head and turned around. He was enjoying being inspected by the girls. He felt his ass cheeks being spread and he felt the plug being pushed deeper into his ass. The sudden push in his ass, sent a shiver through his body. His knees weakened and he almost stumbled. Both girls giggled.

"How was it getting the plug in slave."

"It hurt a little Mistress," admitted James, "but I managed."

"Good boy. A little suffering for your Mistress is good for you. Don't worry, soon you'll take that plug with no problem slave. Soon you'll be begging to have your boy pussy filled with my large strap-on."

Sarah giggled. "Ohhh.. You'll have to invite me over to watch."

"Of course I'll invite you over Sarah. I'm also training him to be a good cock sucker. You can take him from the front while I fuck him from the back."

"I like the sound of that. He'll be our fuck toy."

Mistress Julie agreed, "Yes, our fuck toy. That's exactly what you are James. My fuck toy to do with as I please." Mistress Julie slapped his ass and ordered, ". Get back to work slave. Serve us breakfast."

James served the two girls breakfast and then kneeled by his Mistress's chair while they ate. He did not like the idea of being trained to be a cock sucker, but on the other hand the image of both girls fucking him at the same time and using him for their toy excited him. Being with two young hot girls was a fantasy come true.

Mistress Julie finger fed him a few pieces of egg to show off her power to Sarah. Sarah enjoyed the show. The most humiliating part was when Sarah ordered James to bring her a bottle of milk. James knew she would feed it to him and he was embarrassed about being treated like a baby in front of someone else.

James brought the baby bottle into the living room where the girls had moved to after finishing breakfast. Both of them were sitting on the couch and James was ordered to lay across their laps. His head rested in Julie's lap and his ass was over Sarah's lap. Mistress Julie pulled the straps of her gown down, revealing her beautiful breasts. Mistress Julie held the bottle close to her nipple and then she cradled his head in her arm and lifted it slightly to feed her baby.

"Come on baby, drink your milk," she cooed as James took the bottle nipple into his mouth. Her nipples were so close to his mouth. They were swollen and erect. James wished he could suck on them.

Sarah stared intently, watching James drink his bottle. "Watching you feed him like that is so hot," commented Sarah.

"Yes, I just love having James drink his milk like this. He's so cute and passive when he drinks his milk. Mistress Julie directed her attention to James and talked in a babyish voice, "Come on sweetie. Drink it up. Good boy." Mistress Julie explained her logic to Sarah, "I am conditioning him to accept that I am his superior and authoritarian. I am his provider and he is dependent on m e. Feeding him this way puts him into a deep submissive state of mind and he becomes complacent and ready to obey me."

Sarah gently stroked his cock and balls while he drank the milk. Occasionally her hand would drift down to his ass and gently push on the butt plug, teasing his insides and milking out a small amount of cum. James was in heaven at the attention he was getting. Mistress Julie's nipples were close to his lips and he wished he could suck on them. James got his wish when he was almost finished the bottled.

Mistress Julie said to Sarah, "I have not tried breast feeding him yet. Let's see how he does. Mistress Julie pulled the bottle from his mouth and squeezed out a few drops of milk onto her nipples. James immediately latched on and began sucking.

"Good boy James. That feels nice." There's was pleasure in Mistress Julie's voice, which encouraged to James to suck harder.

Sarah was getting more turned on and even a bit jealous. She leaned over and deeply kissed Julie. The girls moaned and tongue kissed each other. James could not believe his ears when he heard Sarah ask, "Miss Julie, will you breast feed me? I want to suck on your nipples."

Mistress Julie was pleased at the request. "Of course you can princess."

Julie covered her other nipple with milk and Sarah leaned in next to James and started sucking. Mistress Julie moaned in delight at having both her nipples suckled. Eventually Julie directed James head down to her pussy. He knelt before her and tongued her dripping pussy. Sarah straddled Julie lap and continued sucking her nipples. James had a clear view up Sarah's night gown as he licked Julie's pussy. Sarah's ass and pussy were displayed openly above him. He could not believe his fortune of being with two hot girls.

He could sense that Mistress Julie was getting close to orgasm and so he attacked her pussy with his tongue. He pushed in and out with deep thrusts drawing out her orgasm. When it hit, she squeezed his head between her thighs, holding him against her pussy. He lapped up her juices, eager to fuel her orgasm even more. When her orgasm finished he was ordered to lick Sarah's pussy. She was so hot and aroused that she came almost instantly. James happily tongued her pulsing hole taking in as much of her love juices as he could.

James was the only one who was left without an orgasm. After he satisfied the girls, Mistress Julie ordered him to clean up the kitchen while they changed into clothes. When he was done cleaning, he kneeled at the bottom of the steps waiting for them to come down. They came down giggling and laughing at how he still had an erection.

Mistress Julie stood over him and rubbed the tip her shoe along the underside of his cock. "You're going to have to put that cock away horny boy. Sarah and I have things to do and will be gone the rest of the weekend. Our toys from last night are on the bed waiting to be cleaned. You do remember how to clean them the proper way don't you."

"Yes Mistress."

"Why don't you tell Sarah how you clean my toys slave. I'm sure she will be amused by it."

Blushing with embarrassment, James filled Sarah in on his cleaning method. "Miss Sarah, first I must lick them clean with my tongue. Then I must suck the toy to make sure I get all the juices off. Then I will clean them with soap and water."

Sarah replied, "Oooh. That's nice. Mistress Julie fucked me good and hard with her strap-on. Enjoy licking all my juices off. One day I shall stay and watch you clean them."

Julie dismissed James to the upstairs to start his cleaning. She instructed him to wear the butt plug and harness the remainder of the day as a reminder of his servitude to her. James did as he was told. He found a strap-on and two vibrators in the master bedroom. Two pairs of panties were also left. James knew they were treats for him to enjoy while he cleaned the toys with his tongue.

Like a Jackal sneaking in after the kill, he enjoyed what was left behind by the two tigresses. He spent a good hour licking and sucking each of the toys, savoring the taste and smell of Sarah and Mistress Julie's pussies. He inhaled their panties, excited that they were still damp with arousal. He stroked his cock, struggling not to cum from all the excitement. Mistress Julie's magnificent power had transformed James into a submissive slave, needy of perversion and female attention.

CHATPER 7 HER FUCK TOY

For the remaining weeks of the semester, Dr. Jensen's life was consumed by Mistress Julie. His career focused lifestyle was transformed into routines of serving and worshipping not just Mistress Julie, but all females. On Monday mornings he would leave $200 cash in his glove compartment for his Mistress. In the evening he would always find a few pairs of used panties in place of the money. Sometimes they were just her panties and sometimes she left a pair or two of other girls that she had played with over the weekend. His assignments were always the same. He was to smell them, stroke to them, and study them. He was great at determining which ones were Mistress Julie's. On occasions he was even allowed to cum into a pair of panties. Mistress Julie always expected the soiled panties to be hand washed and returned to her the next day.

During the week he would receive e-mails and PowerPoint presentations that contained assignments, or were designed to tease him and train him. Mistress Julie had him buy her panties, lingerie, and lotions. When she was feeling playful she would order him to go to an adult store to buy embarrassing toys like butt plug, dildos, or anal beads.

Mistress Julie ensured that James was continually wearing something that reminded him of her ownership of him. Some days he would wear a cock strap, some days he would wear the butt plug, and there were times where Mistress Julie required him to wear both. A few times she made him wear a cock ring with a tag attached that read, "Property of Mistress Julie." On weekends he was often required to wear more visible things while he was at home such as a collar or nipple clamps.

Mistress Julie made it a priority to keep James hard and horny. She made sure he stroked his cock every day and several times a day. Every 7 to 10 days she allowed him to cum. Usually he stroked himself to an orgasm, but occasionally she would tease and torment him until he could take no more. When he was close to the edge, she would stroke his cock once and wait a few seconds. She would continue to do this and eventually his cock would bob and twitch and cum on its own. Julie took great delight in this form of orgasm because it did not allow James the full pleasure of an orgasm. It allowed him release, but still kept him horny and attentive afterwards. She was also amused at seeing him completely lose control of his cock.

James loved his Thursday night training sessions. They turned more into teasing and torment sessions. Each week Mistress Julie pushed him deeper into submission and challenged his limits. The more perverted the session the harder Mistress Julie came when she had an orgasm. James was spell bound by Mistress Julie's confidence and feminine power. He was excited to do anything that pleased her.

Mistress Julie kept true to her word of inviting Sarah over to fuck James with her strap-on. It happened on a Friday night near the end of the semester. The evening started similar to the time he first met Sarah. He was in his room in the basement with his ear to the baby monitor and his hand stroking his cock, listening to the girls kissing and playing with each other. He heard whispering and giggles and the monitor went silent. He was trying to listen so intently that he did not hear the girls coming down the steps.

James was startled when Julie opened the door. He was embarrassed at the way they found him. He was under the satin sheets holding the monitor in one hand with his other hand beneath the sheets. It was obvious that he was stroking his cock under the sheets. Sarah was the first to comment. "Wow Mistress Julie, James really is a stroker boy."

Miss Julie said, "Yes, the poor boy can't stroke his cock enough. Let's see what you got going on under there." Mistress Julie walked over to the bed and whisked away the top sheet revealing his moist hard cock. James blushed with shame.

Both girls were wearing impressive strap-on cocks and nothing else. The strap-ons were intimidating as the girls stood over James. James felt like a deer in head lights. He did not know what to do.

Sarah stared at his cock, which was dripping with cum. "Looks like stroker boy has been enjoying listening to us. He's like a naughty peeping Tom."

"Yes he is," replied Julie. "I think my naughty little slave needs some discipline before we play with him. On your hands and knees," ordered Mistress Julie sternly, pointing to the floor.

James hurried to the floor, excited at the prospect of what was going to happen. Mistress Julie placed a collar around his neck and attached a chain leash to it. Firmly she tugged on the leash, forcing him to crawl behind her. She led him over to a strange wooden structure on the floor. She had him kneel overtop of the structure. James had wondered what the strange contraption was for and now he was about to find out.

It was a simple wooden frame that was flat on the floor. The side that his feet were over looked like the letter T. Mistress Julie moved his feet to each end of the top of the T and secured his ankles to the structure using straps that were already attached to the pieces of wood. The bottom of the T ran underneath his body up to about his shoulders. Then two pieces of wood branched off in opposite directions in the shape of a V. While Mistress Julie secured his ankles, Sarah secured his wrists to each end of the V. When his hands and ankles were secured, Mistress Julie pulled the leash taut and tied it to the center of the board that his feet were secured to, forcing James head up so that he had to look forward.

The final result was that James was secured into a kneeling position on his hands and knees with his head faced forward. He could rock his body back and forth and turn his head side to side, but other than that he could not move.

While Mistress Julie searched for suitable discipline devices, Sarah reached under James and slowly stroked his cock. She whispered into his ear, "You're just a fuck toy to me stroker boy. I'm going to take great pleasure in fucking your sissy mouth with my cock. You better suck hard and good so that I can feel it on my clit. You will make me cum sissy boy, do you understand?"

"Yes Miss Sarah." There was a streak of cruelty in Sarah's voice that both scared and excited James. The idea of being her fuck toy excited him. He did not like being called a sissy, but the idea of being powerless while she fucked his mouth thrilled him.

Mistress Julie brought over nipple clamps, thin nylon rope, a riding crop and a leather paddle. She declared to Sarah, "These should torment our naughty slave."

"Yes," agreed Sarah. "I'll start with the nipples clamps."

Sarah slowly applied one nipple clamp. James felt a quick burst of pain. His gasp was a startling and pleasurable reaction. His cock twitched as the burst of pain shot through his body from the second nipple clip that was applied. Sarah enjoyed the pleasure pain reactions from James. She tugged on the clip a few times, causing James body to tense and his eyes to tighten as he absorbed the pain.

Mistress Julie focused on his balls. She tightly looped the thin nylon rope around his balls and cock several times. She used the rope to separate his balls away from each other and away from his cock. When she was done his balls felt tight and swollen. Next Mistress Julie inserted a large dildo into his ass.

Sarah was impressed at how easily the dildo slid into his ass. "He's come a long way since our last encounter," she noted.

Proudly Mistress Julie added, "Yes, I've been very aggressive with his ass training. In just a few weeks he went from a training plug to a full size dildo. I have molded his ass into such a nice boy pussy, don't you think?"

"Yes, I'm sure it will be so nice to fuck"

James remained silent while they talked about him. He felt strangely aroused at they way the girls were talking about him. Having a nice ass for fucking was not something he would be proud to advertise but there was a deep pleasure within him at knowing that he was powerless against Mistress Julie's desire to transform him into her fuck toy.

Sarah added the final touch to his helplessness by forcing a small cock shaped dildo in his mouth. She laughed, "These dildos will get you warmed up for the real thing. You're going to make a good slut."

James felt completely helpless and submissive. Having his balls tied and his mouth and ass plugged while being tied in a kneeling position, created an overwhelming sense of submission and repression. He could do nothing but wait to be used by the girls.

The girls took great pleasure in spanking James with the riding crop and paddle. It was a playful discipline session as they teased him about being a perverted stroker boy while they spanked him. It was obvious to James that they were thrilled to spank him and inflict small amounts of pain while he was in a helpless state. When they walked in front of him he could smell the strong scent of their pussies. He even noticed glistening wetness on Sarah's inner thighs. These signs of their arousal and satisfaction, fueled James's arousal. He remained hard and excited through the whole discipline session.

Finally the moment of truth came. The dildos were removed from his mouth and ass and the girls took their positions. Sarah stood in front of James and Mistress Julie stood behind him. His ass was the first to be filled. He felt Mistress Julie pull open his ass cheeks and then he felt her well lubricated strap-on slide in. All his training paid off. He willingly accepted her cock into his ass. The fullness felt incredible. James moaned in ecstasy from the slow pumping in and out of his mouth.

He was so lost in pleasure that he was not prepared for Sarah's cock. He eyes were shut, his mouth was open, and his mind was reeling in pleasure when Sarah decided to push her cock into his mouth. James eyes opened to see the intruder and he gagged slightly as he was unprepared to have his mouth filled. Sarah enjoyed his reaction. She was in an evil mood and did not let up. She thrust her cock in and out of his mouth at a rhythm that satisfied her. James had to adjust to her terms.

James struggled to adjust to the rhythms of both cocks. He felt even more helpless as the girls relentlessly fucked him. They seemed to be consumed with their own desires and not concerned for his well being.

James could do nothing but accept their assault on his helpless body. Sarah's words from earlier echoed in his ears, 'your just a fuck toy.' Now he knew what she meant. James tried to relax and be the best fuck toy ever.

The girls were enjoying using James and their own expressions and moans seemed to excite each other. Together their rhythms increased and intensified. Together their moans and screams grew louder and filled with more pleasure and together their bodies spasmed and shook with orgasm.

When they were finished they embraced each other and hugged and passionately kissed. Julie's strap-on fell to the floor in front of James. The same dildo that was just in James mouth ended up in Julie's pussy but it was not Sarah doing the fucking. Being the dominant one Mistress Julie rolled Sarah onto her back and sat upon her strap-on. She rode Sarah's strap-on up and down right in front of James face until she came with great pleasure.

When they were finished they untied James, left their strap-ons for him to clean and retreated back up to the master bedroom for the night. For James it was a bit painful and uncomfortable in the midst of all the excitement. However it was the aftershocks that entranced James. For the remainder of the night he relived the thrill of being used and fucked by the two girls. The experience would remain in his mind long after and bring him many nights of pleasure.

Sarah was one of several girls that Mistress Julie played with. Little by little she allowed James to experience her other girl friends. It was clear to James that she was more into girls than guys. He was just a toy to her, a slave to pamper and worship her. He also knew that she had other male slaves. James was fine with that. After all, he got to see and experience more girls than he would ever have without Mistress Julie.

He was never allowed to have sex with her girl friends. Most of the time he was confined to his room, forced to listen through the monitor, to the erotic screams and moans of two girls having fun with each other. Many times he never even saw the girls that Mistress Julie brought to his house. However on a few fortunate occasions, Mistress Julie would introduce him to the guest. She loved to have him serve dinner to her and her date. She enjoyed showing of her control and power. She did this by being extra firm and commanding with James. He was always forced to eat dinner off her shoes and she enjoyed feeding him his bottle or breast feeding him in front of her guests.

The girls were always intrigued and amused at his submissiveness. Mistress Julie would often allow them to feed him the bottle and she would encourage them to be strict and dominant with James. This was all part of James training and conditioning to be submissive and obedient to all women. It was also Mistress Julie's way of introducing more girls to the dominant lifestyle. She had a vision of a world where women ruled as Goddesses and were served and worshipped by men.

CHAPTER 8 THE END OF THE SEMESTER

James was a good slave to Mistress Julie. He became addicted to the lifestyle more than he ever dreamed. Mistress Julie, knew this would happen. She entrapped many guys in her seductive web. What she did not plan for, was the relationship that was developing between her and her sub. She had dominated several guys, but never had she formed a close bond with them. Most of her subs were college boys that could not control themselves.

Because Julie enjoyed his cooking and became spoiled by his king size bed and Jacuzzi, she started spending more nights at his house. As she got to know James better, she had many meaningful conversations with him. He was more mature and sincere then her other subs and she enjoyed being with him on an intellectual and emotional level. This seemed to make their play session even more exciting and thrilling.

Soon the end of the semester closed in. Julie's grades as well as many other girls' grades were pushed up to an A. Mistress Julie required James to submit his students test scores to her so that she could see that he was favoring the females in his class. She was pleased at his obedience and satisfied that he was obeying her.

It was only a day after graduation when James walked into his office and found the red folder on his desk that started it all. All the pictures Julie had used to black mail him were inside the folder, along with a note. The note read:

'You have done as I have demanded and therefore I am turning these pictures over to you. You no longer need to serve me. Thanks for being a great slave!'

Emptiness filled James when he read the note. Was it really over? He did not want it to end. He had to let Julie know that he did not care about the blackmail. He did not want to stop serving her. Frantic, James called her cell phone but she did not answer.

He sulked in his office for awhile and finally decided to go home. He knew in his current state of mind, he would not get anything done. James pulled up to his house and was taken aback to see a small moving truck in his driveway. He hurried into the house and found Mistress Julie sitting by a pile of boxes.

In a surprised tone James asked, "Mistress Julie, what are you doing?"

"Are you not happy to see me?"

"Yes, of course. I just....well...I got your note. You said I didn't have to serve you. I thought you left."

"Ahh yes slave, but you will serve me won't you? You will serve me, not because you have to, but because you want to. Isn't that right?"

James smiled. He kneeled before Mistress Julie and kissed her feet. "Yes Mistress. I want to serve you."

"Good. Then start unloading my stuff slave."

James hopped up and happily unloaded the truck. Now his life felt so complete.



THE END


