Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 01
byOzsunlover©

* This is a long and slow moving tale. It is not the type of story filled with rampant sex I has a slow erotic build.

*

My whole family has always known I was a nudist. At least I had told them often enough. But for the most part they just laughed it off and never inquired as to what I and my wife did as nudists, or where.

Living in the city I don't get to see my siblings much as they all still live in the country, but we do all chat regularly, and thanks to Skype we now keep in better touch than ever. This is a story of how my elder sister became interested in Nudism.

Now that our kids have left home and my business allows me to work from a home office, I spend nearly all my time naked. Nothing sexual - well usually not - just sitting at my desk and working in the buff.

This particular day I was typing away at a pretty boring contract when my sister Karen buzzed me on Skype. Forgetting I was naked I took the call and up she popped on the webcam.

"Hey, little bro" she chirped, "How's it going....my god are you naked?"

"Well, yeah" I replied, " But don't sweat it, I am sitting down and I promise you won't get a show."

She laughed and we chatted a bit, catching up on the family news. After a while she brought the conversation back to nudity.

"So you weren't kidding huh? You really are a nudey?"

"Sure I am" I told her. "Always have been."

"So do you go to Nudist Colonies or what?" she asked.

"I don't think they have called them that since the 70s " I laughed. "But yeah, we go to a Naturist resort, camping or staying in a cabin there. Wanna see it?"

"See what?" she laughed, " You better not stand up right now."

"I meant the resort goofy. Would you like to see what it looks like? I can send you a link to their website."

She eagerly agreed and I popped a link into skype for her to check out.

The resort we favour is a couple of hours out of the city, set in a valley with a small winding river. It has a nice rec area with pool, spa and sauna, a little restaurant and general store, and cabins or campsites to rent.

Karen was flicking through the website and asking me a whole bunch of questions about the place -- did people really play nude volleyball? What sort of people went there? How the hell did one get up the courage to strip off in public?

I answered as best as I could, explaining to her that very normal people went there, all shapes and sizes and from all walks of life, And that they were just like anybody else except for the fact that they liked to live naked.

"So you are telling me there is nothing at all sexy about it? " Karen asked

"That's exactly what I am saying," I told her. "Naturism is not about sex".

The thing is, I know that is not strictly true, and there are many nudists who are swingers and vice versa, and many others enjoy it for voyeuristic or exhibitionism thrills, but you feel you have to keep up Naturism's good name when talking to textiles, particularly family members.

After asking me how often we went to the resort and when our next trip there would be the conversation drifted back to family stuff and after goodbyes and a promise to call my mother more often, I got back to work.

_

A few days later my wife told me she had to go to Europe again on one of her business trips. With a two day haul to Paris and a bunch of conferences to attend she would be away for two weeks, right at the time when we had planned to take our summer holiday. I had been cooped up in the city for months and had been really looking forward to our ten days in the cabin at the Nudist Resort. Bummer.

"You can still go without me" my wife tried to console me.

"No thanks" I said, "No fun without you."

Which is true, although we occasionally meet casual friends at the camp, 10 days alone in the cabin was not something I relished, and besides, a single man at a Nudist Resort always looks a bit sad and lonely to me, and I didn't like the idea of others feeling sorry for me, or worse, thinking I was some kind of perve.

"There'll be other times," I said. "I'm sure I'll find plenty to do around the house."

_

The next day I found myself chatting to Karen over the net again and telling her my troubles. Not that she cared a lot; she was more envious of my wife and her business trips.

"I'd love a job like that" she said, "I never go anywhere!"

"It's just work for her " I said "She'd rather be with me at the resort"

"The nudey place?"

"Yeah, we had planned a summer break. Can't do it now."

"Too bad little brother" Karen laughed. "Can't you go there and get nakey alone?"

"No, a holiday alone is not a holiday" I said

"At least you get holidays" she replied "I never get out if this town."

"Well you are welcome to come with me if you like" I said, "It's all booked anyway."

"Not me," Karen giggled. "I have absolutely no desire to get my bits out in public, or to see others do it either."

"Chicken" I teased, and again we moved on to mundane family topics.

And yet, and hour after we had hung up the call, a message from Karen suddenly appeared in the text box.

"I decided to come."

I typed back in return "To where?"

"Your nudey camp."

"No way!"

"No really, I decided. I want to, I can fly up Monday morning and you can get me from the airport."

"Look, are you sure? I mean I don't mind at all if you come, but it is a Nude resort, and we will be naked all week."

"You will, I won't. The website clearly says clothing optional. So I opt for clothes , LOL"

"OK, that's up to you, but be prepared, everyone else will be mostly naked."

"Well, duh. I kinda figured that out. Anyway, will you pick me up from the airport?"

"Sure, unless you chicken out, which I am sure you will. :)"

"We'll see. What do I need to bring?"

I explained to her that the cabin was fully equipped and that I would provide the food and drinks. All she needed to bring was her essentials, and a good-sized beach towel.

"And clothes?" She asked

"Up to you," I replied, "I usually take as little as possible, a set of clothes to wear on the way there and back, and maybe a sweater in case it turns cold, which it won't. If you must wear clothes just bring something casual and comfy, oh and some sturdy shoes in case we go bush-walking."

Later I told my wife about Karen's offer. She thought it was a big hoot and agreed with me that Karen would back out at the last minute.

"She is my favorite of your sisters." She said "But even she would be too prudish to go through with it."

"But if she does?" I asked.

"If she does, you will get your holiday and I won't have to come home to a grumpy hubby." She laughed.

The next week flew by. Sunday saw me drop my wife at the airport for her trip and then I kicked around the house and finished up some business I had to do online before sitting back with a beer and deciding what DVDs I would take to watch while at the resort (which has no TV reception -- both a good and a bad thing, depending on your mood)

I was transferring a lot of movies to a laptop hard drive when Karen buzzed me on skype again. Up she popped on webcam. I was naked but only showing from the waist up.

"I land at 7:45am, will you be there to get me?"

"Sure, but you better show, I already paid for the cabin."

"I'll be there."

"Hey there is no TV there so I am taking some movies on the laptop to watch, any preferences?"

"No, anything is fine. And I have a few books to read."

"Cool. There is also a little library there if you run out.

It was then I noticed her bare shoulders, was she naked too? No, it couldn't be.

"Hey Sis, are you getting in the swing of things already?" I asked.

"What?"

"I mean, umm are you naked now?"

"Don't be bloody stupid?" she laughed, standing up to show the sarong she had wrapped around her." As if I would be sitting here naked when James is in the next room."

"Oh right." I said, remembering how conservative her husband was, "Does he know where we are going?"

"No he doesn't. He knows I am going camping with you that's all. Perhaps I'll tell him when I get back. By the way" she did a little twirl "Do you think my outfit will be OK for the resort?"

I told her it looked fine, not bothering to mention that not many at the resort would care in the least what anyone was wearing. But she did look good in it. Karen is six years older than me, and at forty-seven she looks about the same age as me. While I am slim and fair, she is dark haired and somewhat buxom, Junoesque even. And as she twirled I was treated to the sight of her firm large ass stretching the fabric of the sarong tight and as she turned back her ample bosom in profile looked even larger with the top of the sarong defining them....and holy crap! I realized my dick was lifting from my lap, stretching and twitching and quite definitely on its way to an erection.

I scrunched up closer to my desk to make sure it couldn't be seen on the webcam and when Karen sat down and asked again what I thought of her outfit I babbled something about it being just the ticket and told her I had to get off the net now and get packed for tomorrow.

"See you in the morning Little Brother" she said, leaning in to the cam to blow as kiss as she usually did, "See lots of you tomorrow I guess, hahaha."

I spent an uneasy night, wondering why my sister should have suddenly had that effect on me, and what tomorrow would bring.

Monday.

We were on the road. I had picked up Karen and her ridiculously large suitcase from the Airport and we had shot straight onto the freeway on our way to the resort. The parking at the airport was a nightmare as usual and we had only the time for the briefest hug before we had jumped in the car and hauled out of there.

Now as the open road sped by we chatted about just about everything except where we were headed. The sun was out, it was just this side of too hot and Miles was playing on the sound system. Being country bred I always get a great sense of freedom and peace just driving down the highway, looking at the hills and the rivers going by, and today was no exception. Karen had not been on this road before and it was all new to her and as she said, a lovely break from the daily drive she had from her small country town house to her small country town job.

We pulled into a shopping centre in the last town before the turn-off to the resort. I gave Karen my keycard and PIN number and told her to go nuts in the supermarket and get enough nibblies and easy to prepare food to last us a week or more, while I went to the liquor store to get the other essentials.

"What's your tipple these days?" I asked.

"Oh I'm easy, local wine if they have it" she said. "Maybe some Bourbon? I don't drink much these days, but considering where we are going I might need a couple of stiff ones."

She looked at me and just knew I had half a dozen jokes about "stiff ones" ready to go.

"Don't you dare " she said in hushed tones and took off to the Supermarket. As I watched her go, I reflected that of all our siblings, we two had always been the most in synch, we just seemed to be on the same wavelength and 'get' each other more than the others.

Karen was wearing jeans and a loose fitting sky blue blouse and as I watched her walk into the market, I wondered how she would look in real life in that sarong, or a bathing suit even. Oddly enough, though I had never been an "ass man", I found myself staring at her rump as she went, and liking it.

"Where is this coming from?" I thought, and put it from my mind and got on with the shopping.

10:30 am and we were back on the road, driving at a leisurely pace down the dirt road that meandered through hills to take us to the Resort. We were well stocked with all the necessities and as always I could not wait to get to the cabin, get unpacked and chill out.

"How much further?" Karen asked.

"See that big tree with the dirt track by it?" I said, "We're almost at the gate, last chance to chicken out."

"Like hell" she said, "I've come this far. I just want to ask...."

"What?"

"Well, if I do find it too much, can I just stay in the cabin and not 'see' anyone?"

"Sure you can," I said, "But hey listen, if you are truly uncomfortable when we are there, at any time, you just say so and we will pack up and go home, OK?"

"Are you serious?" she asked. "Oh, I don't want to ruin your holiday."

"Don't worry about a thing." I said, "I am a nudist, but I know that it is not for everyone. If it doesn't feel right for you, we can leave. OK?"

Karen ruffled my hair, "You're sweet Little Brother. Thanks"

By now, we had arrived at the main car park. Tucked in the valley by the river, with forty or so cabins spaced about in the bush, the reception and office was beyond the main pool area, and as it and the pool were up higher than the car park, we could see no one from where we sat, although the sounds of laughter and splashing drifted down to us.

In the rear view mirror I saw a middle aged couple walk from their cabin up the steps toward the pool. Karen, looking back to see what I was looking at just saw their naked butts as they turned the corner.

"Well" she said, "I've seen more first nudies. And survived!"

"As the song goes; you ain't seen nothing yet " I said " I got to go and sign in, coming?"

"Mmm, I'll just wait here if that's OK" she said.

I ran up to the office to sign in and get the key. There were maybe around a dozen people lounging by the pool, a pretty normal crowd for the time of day, but I saw no one I knew and didn't hang around to meet anyone.

Back in the car and I decided to take a slow drive through the camp to acquaint my sister with the layout. With the help of the small map I had got at the office I showed her where the shower blocks and BBQ areas were and what the campgrounds down by the river looked like. Here and there we saw nude people or couples, but all at a distance and nothing too 'in your face'. Karen looked around at everything as we drove through, even waving to a naked old dude who was sitting by his camper on the side of the road as we headed back up. He was only yards from us, and legs wide open he was fully on display to my sister as we drove past slowly.

"Everything OK?" I asked her.

"Y..ess. So far" she replied. "Its not what I imagined."

"Oh? In what way?"

She laughed, "I guess I was picturing lots of Porn star or supermodel types here, but as you told me, they are all just normal people."

"Disappointed?" I teased.

"Nope, relieved if anything" she answered. "Now I feel a lot less pressure if I decide to.."

She left the sentence hanging and I didn't push her. Instead I drove in and parked out our cabin.

"Here we are!"

The cabin was only a hundred yards from the pool area. Self contained with a nice little porch and a view of the river. Sis located it on her little map and nodded appreciatively

"Nice"

I was already out of the car and lugging stuff onto the porch. I threw her the door key and asked her to check that the fridge was running. "Priorities" I called. "Gotta get the beer cold."

Karen ran onto the porch and disappeared into the little wooden cabin while I continued to unload the car. I was just shouldering a case of beer and heading for the door when she came out.

"Tim" she said, looking doubtful. "There is only one bedroom!"

Most of the cabins are like that, a living cum dining room, and a bedroom. I never even considered that there might be two bedroom cabins.

"Hey no problem" I said, "The sofa is a fold out bed. You'll be comfy on that" I grinned.

Again she looked doubtful.

"I'm kidding!" I said. "You take the bedroom, I'll take the sofa. No big deal."

We spent twenty minutes putting away groceries and getting organized, and by the end I was all for grabbing a cold beer and chilling on the porch -- pre lunch.

Karen looked across from the small kitchen to me.

"Well, I think I'll go into my room and change and I guess you'll...."

"Ah" I said, "the moment of truth. Yes Karen, I am gonna get my gear off and relax. This is sort of where we find out if you can handle it or not I guess."

She was staring at me, as if she expected some type of striptease and looking pretty nervous about it.

"Tell you what, " I said. "You go change and I will go sit on the porch and have a beer. When you are ready you can come out, and I'll be naked when you do, OK?"

She relaxed visibly. "Thanks Tim"

She went into the bedroom and I threw off my clothes, grabbed a towel and a beer and the paper and went out to the porch and sat at the little table there.

Man it felt good to be back, body open to the air and the peace and quiet of the country just seeping in and blowing away all the stress and hassle of city life. I read the paper, sipped my beer and smiled.

"Tim?' Karen's voice called from inside. "I'm coming out now. Are you decent?"

We laughed and I called her a goof and then she was out the door and the first big plunge was made. She was in her sarong, and looking good with it as she came to sit the other side of the table. And even though my dick was hidden from her view, she was, for the first time, sitting chatting to her naked younger brother.

"You OK?" I asked

"Sure" she said, "you might just as well be shirtless sitting there like that, no big deal."

"Cool"

"I see you still keep yourself nice and slim, how I envy that." She went on.

"Swimming" I said, "Or metabolism, or both, who knows. But hey you look good too Sis. Really."

She looked down at herself doubtfully, flexing her arms and legs.

"Oh I am fit enough, " she said, "but still all Tits and Bum, Always was, always will be I guess."

"You're fine," I said. "Have a drink before lunch?"

"Mm, OK. Might just have a beer," she said.

"Help yourself," I replied, " Plenty there.

"Hey!" I am a guest she pouted. "You go get me one!"

Here goes, I thought, and stood up quickly and walked past her into the cabin, not looking back.

Moments later I was back with more beers, standing right in front of her to give her one. This time there was no way she could not see all of my dick and balls hanging right there two feet from her face. Now it's out there and over and done with I thought and resumed my seat.

We sipped our beer in silence for a while, until Karen said.

"Well. Here I am, and I have seen my little brother's penis and if that's the worst that can happen, then I think I will manage this holiday."

"You OK with it then?" I asked.

"Yeah" she smiled at me, and added teasingly "it's no big thing."

"Hey, keep your judgments to yourself " I laughed, "Cheers"

We clinked bottles and sat back drinking in the cold beer. And I was very comfortable with the whole idea of her being there with me.

_

A couple of more beers and a lovely fresh chicken sandwich that Karen whipped up for us and we were feeling no pain. It was early afternoon and we continued to sit on the porch and chat.

"So" Karen said. "Naturism, tell me more."

"Such as?"

"Well, etiquette for example." She leaned on the table and I could sense one of her deep and meaningful conversations coming on. "I read the website about towels and no erections and no photos or staring etc, but tell me, are nudists even allowed to mention body parts? I have to say you all sound a bit prudish to me."

"Interesting question," I replied, " I think a lot of us are not comfortable with discussing body parts openly with people we don't know well, because we don't want people to think we are hitting on them or perving too much."

"There ya go," she countered. "Prudey! Prudey Nudeys." She smiled at me over her beer.

"No more than textiles" I said.

"Oh?" she asked. "Are you sure? Textiles at a resort are allowed to hit on each other, you guys aren't. Big difference see?"

"Who says textiles are 'allowed' to hit on each other?" I asked.

"Oh, look around you little brother," she laughed, "Do you think the human race would have lasted this long if people didn't hook up sometime? From where I sit, a world populated by 'naturists' we be depopulated in two generations. Haha, nobody would ever have the guts to ask any one for a date!"

I refrained from telling her of some of the 'hookups' we had seen at this very resort. But I had to admit she did have a point. It was one reason why I hated coming here alone. Very few people would talk to you because there is an awful vibe that a single male nudist is only there to try and meet women. And ironically they are pretty much doomed to remain alone.

"You see a lot Dr Lector," I said in my best Jodie Foster voice. "But are you willing to turn that high powered perception on yourself? Or maybe you're afraid to."

"I am afraid of nothing," she laughed, "As a textile I can even mention body parts if I want."

"Oh?"

"Yes," she smirked. "Your penis for example. I was kidding before, we always knew you must have a big one, and now I alone in the family know the whole truth -- you have a huge wanger."

"Well do me a favour and keep that a secret, huh?"

"Please" she laughed, "from the day you hit puberty we could all see it. Don't you remember the 80s and those stretch jeans everyone wore?"

"OK OK, so I have a wanger, move on" I chuckled.

"And I thought you were uncircumcised?" she pondered.

Now, I am uncut - I just happen to be one of those guys whose foreskin does not cover the glans, only usually half way down, and if I am at all swollen, the foreskin rolls straight back so even flaccid I can look circumcised.

"I am, I just don't have a long foreskin, that's all" I explained to Karen.

She leaned over the table to examine it. "Oh I see now," she said. "Your willy is too big for your foreskin."

"I don't know if that is the medical definition, but yeah. Maybe."

"So how big is it?"

"Dunno," I said, "Never measured it"

"Show me a man that hasn't measured his penis and I'll show you a liar" she laughed.

Now here is one good reason why Naturists don't discuss body parts. Because a lot of men find it impossible to listen to a woman discuss their dick and not get a hard-on. It just seems as if the dick is listening in and wants to looks its best while it is the centre of attention. And right now I felt that twitch and roll that told me I was sporting half a woody. 'Time to think about cricket,' I thought to myself.

"Well if that's your thing there are plenty of guys around here you can do a survey on if you like" I said, "But my wanger is off limits."

"Spoilsport" she smiled. "I'll do my survey without you, you're probably not normal anyway."

"You talk a big game," I said, "but lets see you go to the pool area and see how prudish you really are."

"Ready when you are."

Damn, truth was I wasn't ready. My dick was still at half mast and I didn't want to leave the table.

"Ok" I said, "can you ahh, get the small cooler and a few more drinks, and sunscreen and stuff, while I lock the car?"

She went inside the cabin and I ran to the car. With a little concentration I had my dick back to almost entirely flaccid, though just to be safe I hung my towel over my shoulder in the 'ready to cover the goods' position.

Karen came back out, her sarong still firmly in place and a big hat and sunglasses shading her. We walked up the footpath toward the pool, and as nonchalant as she pretended to be, the fact that she reached out and took my hand told me how nervous she really was.

The pool area was filling up with people. Its sort of tradition that everyone brings their drinks up to the pool for 'happy hour'.

There are really two pools, one large, one small and four spas dotted around the large decked area. There are also benches and tables under a shaded canopy, showers and a sauna.

There were around twenty people there already. Mostly middle-aged couples who were residents and who all knew each other fairly well.

I was on nodding acquaintance with some of them and we said a few quick "Hi"s here and there. We put our stuff on a bench and stretched out on our towels on the deck to catch some sun.

Sitting right in front of us were a couple around our age - a slim bald guy with an Asian wife. They were both concentrating on a game of scrabble they were playing and apart from a brief smile, paid us no mind. I wasn't staring at the wife but over the top of my book I could see she had one leg tucked under her and from the angle of me laying on the deck looking up I had a perfect view of a lovely hairless slit right in front of me. I glanced at it from time to time, not feeling particularly turned on, just admiring its neatness and its symmetry.

Her husband had a long thin cock, hanging down over the edge of his seat, three feet away from Karen's face, but with her sunglasses on I had no way of knowing if she was checking him out or not.

Behind us in the pool people floated lazily and chatted about their cabins, their jobs, their cars -- all the usual stuff. While in the spa to our left a very fit looking couple were showing off their new his and her tattoos to a lone older German guy, who seemed to have an opinion on just about everything.

The book I was reading was heavy going, I had had more beers than I was used to and the sun soon lulled me to sleep.

I must have dozed for twenty minutes or so, and the first thing I saw on awaking was the Asian woman in front of me gently scratching one side of her pussy, and for a split second I glimpsed two very sweet looking inner lips, that peeked out as her hand moved across her labia. A very quick show, and nothing overly erotic, just the occasional little 'bonus' one sees among nudists that you acknowledge and move on.

The second thing I noticed, on looking to my left, was that Karen was gone, and her sarong was left crumpled up on her towel.

I sat up quickly looking for her and she called to me.

"You're awake then? Did you know you snore?"

She was in the pool treading water and chatting to the older German guy. She was wearing a black one-piece swimming costume. It was strapless and under the water I could see that it was not giving the support needed to her large breasts that seemed to bob and float before her with a perpetual rhythm of their own. The German guy, although he was chit-chatting to her about film and TV and whatnot, was clearly intrigued by my sister's tits and would glance at them every second.

"C'mon in" she called. "Its beautiful."

I jumped in and swam over to her and she introduced me to Karl. It soon became apparent that she had told him most of our life story and he complimented me on being good enough to treat my sister to a holiday. Karl was a regular, in fact he owned his own cabin at the resort and now he was retired he rarely left the place.

He was short and stocky and hairy and sported a very impressive uncut cock, easily two inches longer than mine flaccid. I wondered if Karen had noticed? I guess she must have because he was also one of those guys that reach down and absently scratch or tug their dick every minute or so.

"I was trying to convince your sister to try nudism," he said to me. "But she is still reluctant."

This was just what I didn't need. Some old guy freaking out Karen on her first day.

"She is just here for a visit," I told him. "So you can understand that she is not ready to be naked."

"Not today anyway," smiled Karen and swam over to me and put a sisterly arm around my shoulder.

We drifted suddenly to a deeper part of the pool and instinctively my arm reached out to steady myself and I found it wrapped around Karen's ample waist.

She must have thought I was trying to duck her and she squealed and pushed me underwater with both her hands on my shoulders. I came up spluttering and tried to do the same to her but she grabbed me in a bear hug and fought me off, her large breasts were pressed against me tight and I could feel my dick squeezed up against her tummy.

Karl was smiling at us, and I decided I didn't like the leer he had on his face so I broke off and left the pool.

Karen soon joined me and after sunbathing a little more we decided to head back to the cabin for dinner. As we left at least half a dozen people called "Bye Karen!"

It seems while I dozed she had made plenty of friends.

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 02
byOzsunlover©

This is the second part of the story of how my sister was introduced to Nudism.

It is a slow moving tale, not one full of rampant sex acts. It is based on real events and as such is slowly titillating and erotic.

*

Monday Night

Back at the cabin I rustled up a light meal of chops and salad, and cracked a bottle of Sav Blanc, while Karen went for a hot shower in the nearby ablution block. I was just setting the table when she wandered back, drying her hair and wrapped again in her sarong. It wasn't until she hung her bathing suit on the porch rail that I realized she was naked under the sarong. As she sat down I could see that without the suit on her breasts sagged a little, but looked even larger as they swayed under the thin batik material.

"Feel better?" I asked

"Yes" she reached for the wine. "Great, nothing like a nice hot shower. I can tell one thing you nudeys have over the rest of us. You never have that yuck feeling of peeling off a cold clammy swimsuit."

"Don't remind me," I said, "I think that is the main reason I became a nudist."

"Oh really?" she smirked. "Not to show off your dicky to girls?"

"Shut up and eat," I laughed.

We started on the meal and toasted each other.

"Speaking of dicks," Karen began.

"We weren't."

"Bleh, all I was gonna say was I saw more of them today than in my whole life, and I am surprised at how not shocked I was."

"Ya see?" I said, "seen one seem 'em all."

"Noo," she waved her glass at me. "Not true, each one is as individual as a face. I think nudist women have it easier than men."

"How so?"

"Well, men can't hide anything can they? Our bits on the other hand, even when we are naked are pretty hard to see. As long as we are careful." She took a long sip. "Unlike that Asian lady you were perving at hahaha."

"I was not!" I protested.

"There you go again with the prudey nudey stuff," she argued. "She had her legs open, you saw her. Her husband had his legs open, I saw him. Why pretend we didn't."

"Ok ok, but looking is not perving," I tried to explain. "It's just.....looking."

She was laughing at me now. "Get over yourself Tim, if people didn't want to see and be seen, they could practice nudism at home. Instead they chose to do it with others. Logically, you all want to either see or be seen. And I'll tell you my theory as to why."

"Go ahead Ms Anthropology major." I challenged.

"Zoology," she said. "I studied Zoology, but it still applies. I believe you guys want to do it because we are the only animal that does not see its fellow creatures in a natural state. All other mammals are naked, they have sex in front of each other, and nothing is hidden. I think you guys have a yearning to recapture that."

"Interesting," I replied.

"Only, as I said before, you are all too timid to do what you really want to, so you become bigger prudes than textiles. I think I'll write a paper on the subject."

"Nice insult coming from you, Ms Textile," I countered.

"Even if I don't want to be seen, at least I can admit when I am looking at others," she said. "You guys could all do with a little more honesty."

We finished up our meal and sat in silence for a while watching the sunset. And the more I thought about it the more I accepted that she was right. Most nudists are somewhat hypocritical. Accusing anyone and everyone of being hung up about bodies, when it may be really us that has the hang-up.

I decided I was no match for Karen in a debate so I told her I would wait for her to write her paper and then endorse it.

"Yes, " she chuckled. "I will have to take a lot of notes while I am here. And a long interview with you."

A little later the sounds of talk and laughter drifted over to us from the pool area.

The stars were out and it was a beautiful balmy evening.

"What's going on up there?" Karen asked?

"Oh, a lot of people sit in the spas of an evening and they get a bit noisy." I said.

"Shall we go?" she asked.

"Sure, why not."

She grabbed her swimsuit from the rail. "Eerggh," she said, "still clammy, I can't wear this."

"Then don't" I smiled.

She pondered for a moment. "No Tim, I am not ready." She said, and she ducked into the cabin to find something else to wear.

We made our way back to the pool area and approached the largest spa. There were two couples in there already that called to us to jump in. One couple were heavily tanned and must have been almost sixty, the other couple were a chubby blonde woman in her thirties and Karl, who seemed to have his arm around her shoulder

The elder couple scooted over and made room for us and I sank blissfully into the warm water. Karen dropped her sarong to reveal a white bikini. I wanted to tell her that is was not at all flattering - it looked like something from the 1950s. Thick large bikini bottoms from waist to thigh and a top that looked functional but in no way alluring. But who was I to give advice?

It's nigh impossible to sit close to people in a spa and not get chatting, and we spent the next half hour getting to know our neighbors. Rod and Val, the older couple, were grey nomads, traveling the country in their campervan and following the sun from nudist camp to nudist camp. They were recently retired and were loving their life on the road, and their stories were pretty entertaining, even though they were pretty much a verbal slide show of their travels. Debbie, the younger plump woman was from Sydney like me and was married to a bloke called Trev, who she said, with a dismissive wave toward the rec hall, was busy playing pool with his mates. Karl, whom we had already met, was as usual talking twenty to the dozen on whatever topic was on hand. It seemed he Debbie and Trev were all old friends.

At one point Val asked Karen the obvious; "First time here Pet?"

"Yes," said Karen, "just chaperoning my little brother. It's a lovely place, though."

"Well," said Val kindly. "You just make sure you do what you are comfortable with and don't let anyone pressure you into nudism. That is a sure way to turn you off it."

"Thanks," Karen smiled. "Can I ask you, I know this place is clothing optional, but do hard core naturists feel cheated at all if someone like me keeps their clothes on?"

"Some might," said Rod, looking significantly at Karl. "But I wouldn't worry about them. There are places where nudity is compulsory, but why be a Nazi about it?"

"Yes," said Val, "And believe you me, if the temperature plummets here, you'll see plenty of people rugging up. Being a naturist doesn't mean you're forced to be nude. It's about freedom."

Karen nodded in agreement. "Freedom's another word for nothing left to lose" she sung in her clear high voice. Karen has always been proud of her singing voice and will sing at any opportunity.

"You ought to come to the Karaoke on Wednesday," said Debbie. "It's a lot of fun."

While they chatted about that I leant back and looked around. All the spas were pretty full and I noticed in the next spa was the Aussie/Asian couple from before, snuggling together and gazing at the stars.

Karl hopped out to do a beer run and the minute he left Karen turned to Debbie and said. "Here I go, now or never."

With one hand holding her bikini top in place in front she reached around and undid the straps. She glanced at me nervously but I looked away, pretending suddenly to be fascinated by the sign that said the shop would open again at 9am.

Splat!

Karen's bikini top landed on the nearby bench and at the same moment she hunched a little lower in the spa.

"Well done Karen," said Val. "very brave. Feel ok?"

Karen had her hands in front of her chest, but she tentatively spread them across the top of the water, as if making sure the universe was still as it was a minute ago.

"You know." She said. "I am not sure. Physically I am much more comfy, just not sure how I feel about people seeing my boobs."

"Nobody look at Karen's boobs!" laughed Deb, and due to her low seat and the bubbles, nobody did.

Although it meant little to the rest of us, I knew it was a huge step for my sister and I spent the remaining time in the spa ignoring the fact that she was topless and studiously NOT trying to catch a glimpse.

The night was getting late and Val was hinting that it was approaching their bedtime. The fact that her hand snaked across my thigh and lightly brushed my balls as she said so may have been a coincidence, because when I turned to her in surprise she was totally poker faced.

On the other side of the spa Karen was yawning. "Me too," she said. "I forgot I was up so early for my flight today. I think I need to get to bed. C'mon little Bro, take me home."

"Perhaps we'll see you tomorrow?" said Val, and this time there was no mistake. Under the water she grabbed my dick and gave it one long slow squeeze.

"Absolutely," said Karen. "I intend to make the most of this holiday."

As we said our goodnights I jumped out of the spa and collected our stuff. By the edge of the spa I held out Karen's towel so she could discretely slip into it and wrap it around herself in one fluid movement as she emerged from the water.

As we left the pool area she paused by the open showers.

"Don't you want to wash off the chlorine?" she asked. In a moment we were standing side by side in the open air shower, me naked and her topless. And for the first time I saw her breasts.

I had known they were large, but now they seemed huge to me. Although they sagged a little they were full and round and the nipples, resting on large puckered aureoles sat high, giving the impression that her breasts were more pert than they were. She had a deep cleavage and each breast bounced and swayed with her movements. She was so different to my wife. My wife has very firm and pert c-cups, perfectly round breasts that any model would kill for, whereas Karen's heavy breasts were matronly, and to me at that moment, somehow more feminine. But that's men for you. We always seem to want to look for what we don't have. No doubt if my wife and Karen's breasts were reversed I would be just as fascinated.

We walked home in the dark hand in hand, Karen scrubbing her hair dry with the towel as her boobs swung and jiggled in front of her.

We did not mention her topless state, and I did my best not to gawk. Once back at the cabin Karen went to grab her PJs while I made a cup of hot chocolate for us both.

No sooner had she drank it she stumbled to the bedroom, called goodnight over her shoulder and shut the door.

Back out on the porch I finished my hot chocolate and smoked a sneaky cigarette before bed.

Val and Rod walked by on the way to their camper and stopped to say goodnight.

As I stood there chatting I was aware of Val staring at my cock and it almost instantly became erect. It was late and no one was about, so I didn't bother to hide it.

Val smiled and winked as they walked off. "See you tomorrow!" they called.

In the peaceful darkness I sat alone for a while, gently stroking my cock. It had been a long day for me too. If only my wife were here, I thought as a found my way to the sofa bed and tried to fall asleep.

I wasn't to be. My cock was still hard and as I lay there in the warm night, visions flitted before my closed eyes, coming from the 'wank bank' of memories. I saw my wife, naked and crawling between my legs with that old familiar cheeky smile on her lips, I saw the oh-so smooth little pussy of the Asian lady by the pool, I saw Val and her suntanned hand stroking my cock in a long slow gliding motion, and as much as I tried to banish the image, I saw Karen's huge breasts swaying and bouncing before me. With eyes well shut I took in all these images and fisted my cock harder and faster, and in minutes I was shooting two days of pent up cum all over my stomach and chest.

I lay there a little longer, catching my breath and enjoying the post orgasm relaxation, wondering if I should just towel off or go back to the shower for a nice warm rinse.

Just as I opened my eyes and reached for my towel, I heard the door to the bedroom click shut. Under the door I could see the light was on! Karen was awake. I quickly cleaned myself up and rolled over, feigning sleep. The night and the holiday suddenly turned nasty -- Nudity was one thing, but had my sister seen me wanking? I dreaded facing her in the morning.

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 03
byOzsunlover©

This is the third part of a story of how my sister was introduced to Naturism. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is not the type of story filled with rampant sex. It is based on real events and only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.



Tuesday

It's always a beautiful thing to wake up nude in a cabin in the Aussie bush. Warm sunlight and the sound of birdsong drifting through the window. Along with this I could hear Karen pottering around on the little porch outside, putting together breakfast. It was after 9am and I slightly regretted the extra beers I had drunk the day before and resolved to make this day a healthier one. I looked around for my towel from last night, planning to throw it in the wash before my sister saw the cum stains on it. It was gone and a fresh clean towel was at the foot of the sofa bed. Now along with the thought that my sister may have accidentally seen me masturbating the night before, I had to face the knowledge that she had removed my soiled towel as I slept.

All in all was feeling pretty sheepish as I ventured out to the porch, my new towel draped over my left shoulder covering my cock.

"Morning sleepy head!" There was Karen, seated at the little table with toast and fruit and a nice fresh pot of tea laid out. I contrast to me she looked fresh and chirpy and was absolutely beaming at me. She wore again the sarong from the day before but today she had chosen to simply tie it around her waist, leaving her wonderfully large breasts free and bare.

"Morning" I slumped to the chair. "Hey thanks for getting this together. As your host I should have done it, sorry."

"No problem' she smiled, leaning forward to pour me a cup of tea, which made her breasts hang and sway a little lower. "You looked like you had a late night and needed a lie-in."

I sipped the tea gratefully and felt life returning.

"Oh I washed your towel with my things," Karen said. "It hanging out the back to dry."

"Thanks," I looked into her eyes for a hint of anything at all that would tell me what she thought of me today, but she merely smiled back at me mildly.

"You seem to be in a good mood," I ventured.

"Who wouldn't be?" she asked. "It's lovely here. One of the most relaxing places I think I have ever been. Thanks again for bringing me."

"You ARE relaxed," I said. "I'm glad you're comfy with the nudity. I was a little worried that you might chicken out in the light of day."

"I'm not that comfy yet," she laughed. "But going topless at least I can do. Its actually really nice, to be unconstricted here." She placed her palms just below her collarbones and tugged upward, making her boobs lift a little before letting them drop again.

I seen them well enough last night, but now in the morning light they looked even better. Although she had no tan at all, her skin is naturally on the olive side and her nipples are a lovely dark colour, almost brown. The night before I had seen her nipples erect and puckered from the shower and the night air, but now they were flat little bumps on her large areolas and looked very very soft.

"Aren't you used to them yet?" Karen asked, and I realized I had been staring.

"Oh, sorry," I reached for toast and jam. "Just, y'know, its something new. I wasn't perving"

"I know what you mean," she said and cupped her palms in front of her nipples. "Like me seeing you naked for the first time yesterday. I naturally looked at your nudity more intently for a little while, the same as I would if I saw you in a brand new suit and tie I guess."

"A good analogy," I said. "And then after a while you get used to it."

"You mean it'll grow on me?"

The moment it was out she realized what she had said and both burst out laughing at the unintended double entendre. Ever since we were kids we had shared the same sense of humour and would often spontaneously fall into fits of laughter with each other. This occasion had the added attraction of seeing her breasts bounce rather violently as she leant back and giggled.

I was feeling so much better for that laugh. Breakfast was delightful and Karen was making no reference to what she may or may not have seen me doing the night before.

It was going to be a good day.

After the effort she had made for breakfast it was only fair that I tidied away and did the dishes while Karen relaxed on the porch with her book. Once everything was squared away I took a quick walk to the shower block for a shave and a wash.

By the time I got back Karen was leaning over the porch rail chatting to Val and Rod who had stopped by to say good morning on their way to the pool. Both naked and carrying bags full of drinks and magazines, Val wore a huge white sunhat, and today, she had little silver rings around each nipple, causing them to poke out from her tanned small breasts cheekily. Rod was wearing a cock ring, his shaved balls and dick thrusted out and upward by the leather that looked tight and oily.

I kinda wished they had not stopped by 'dressed' that way as I did not want my sister to think this nice older couple were some type of deviants. Cock rings and jewelry were not common at the resort but most people seemed to tolerate such adornments.

Their unusual dress aside, there was nothing sexual in their behavior and we chatted about the weather and plans for the day (like most guests their plans seemed to revolve around lounging by the pool and doing as little as possible)

Karen's breasts hung down as she leaned over the rail and although he was wearing sunglasses I am pretty sure Rod was enjoying the view and once or twice showed my sister some pictures in a magazine he was holding, forcing her to bend over further.

I knew what he was up to and I wondered if I should tell Karen, but after all I thought, she is old enough to know what she is doing, and she looked so natural and comfortable with her new found topless state that I did not want to do or say anything that would turn her off the whole experience.

Val and Rod wandered off toward the pool and Karen turned to me and said.

"So, what next? Volleyball? Hahaha."

"Oh, I don't know, " I replied "we are on holiday, we can do whatever you want."

"Val and Rod suggested there is a nice walk down by the river," Karen said, straightening up and tying her sarong more neatly. "Shall we?"

"Sure"

Four hundred yards or so from the main area, a track leads down to a long camp ground along the banks of the river, from there a track meanders through the bush, taking in views of the river's sandy beaches and its rocky rapids.

My wife and I never failed to take a long walk there when we were here and I was more than happy to share the experience with my big sister.

We laced on our hiking shoes, grabbed a bottle of water and our towels and set off.

On the way down we passed several cabins where people were out on their decks getting ready for the day. And as we passed each one, the occupants would wave and say a friendly good morning. Another reason I love to come here, people are friendly without being pushy about it.

Once by the river we strolled along past the campers, Karen delighting in the wild kangaroos that grazed on the flat grass and the colourful kingfishers flitting over the water. She had always been a nut for wildlife and when I told her the river contained platypus she swore she would not go home until she had seen one.

The track wore on through shady trees, but always within sight of the river. We occasionally stopped and watched the water flow lazily by.

Half as mile on I stopped short and took Karen's arm.

"Time to turn back, I think," I told her.

"Why?"

Karen had been gazing at the treetops and had not yet seen what I had.

Fifteen yards ahead, the bald guy from the day before was sitting on a small rock in the water, and bending over him was his Asian wife. Even from this distance I could see they were kissing and her hand was moving slowly up and down his very erect cock.

"Why should we turn back?" Karen asked. "There's plenty of time yet and...oh my lord!"

He voice trailed away and she whispered to me. "Are they doing what I think they are?"

"Looks that way," I said. "Let's turn back and give them their privacy."

"There you go again!" She laughed. "Prudey! If those two want privacy they can find it in their cabin! If they chose to do that out here then they can't complain about being watched!"

"Perhaps they think they are alone." I said.

"Nonsense. This is a public space, they KNOW they will be seen."

"Yeah, I guess," I replied. "But you and I don't need to see it. C'mon let's go."

Karen shook my arm off and made a shush gesture at me. I followed her gaze back to the couple. The wife had now bent lower and we could see her head bobbing up and down as she sucked her husband's long cock, her small hand gripping him firmly at the base. Her husband bent forward and with one hand on her head, he cupped her small breast and gently squeezed her nipple with the other.

Karen was leaning by a tree, watching in fascination. I, feeling my erection growing in spite of myself, covered my cock with my towel and stood to one side so she would not see.

The wife bent over more and we could see her little firm arse, with just a hint of tan line, and between her legs he left hand was clearly making small circles as she rubbed herself in time with her sucking up and down of her man's dick

Karen and I silently watched, me dying to grab my own straining erection and stroke it but not daring to. My sister put one hand on the tree and craned forward. Just at that moment the husband looked up and saw us. Without pausing he simply smiled and brushed his wife's long hair to one side to give us a better view of her face, his cock sliding in and out of her full lips as her tongue darted out to lick the underside of it.

"Oh my God," whispered Karen.

The next instant the man reached down and with his hand pulled his dick from his wife's mouth and long ropes of sperm shot out and over her face. For a moment she looked surprised and then dived back onto the head of his penis, sucking and licking the cum that was still bubbling from him.

He looked straight toward us, smiled and put his finger to his lip in the universal 'Shhh' signal.

"C'mon." I said to Karen. "He may have no problem with being seen, but she may be another story. Let's not embarrass her."

Karen was almost in a trance as I grabbed her upper arm and led her away back down the track.

I few minutes later she shook off my hand again and said. "Well. There's some material for my paper. Hahaha."

"So you really are gonna write about nudists? " I asked.

"Yes," she said, and it will be a great Zoological treatise, 'The Naked Ape'!"

"Umm. Didn't Desmond Morris write that?"

"Ok smarty," she laughed. "I will call mine "The Nudist Ape – a study of naked people in their habitat."

"I'm not sure," I said. "That scientific research means spying on people during moments of ahh... intimacy."

"Oh Please!," she protested. "Spying is peeping through windows. That couple chose to have oral sex in public. We weren't spying."

"Oh? So are we voyeurs? " I asked

"Nope," she smiled. "Merely interested observers."

"Interested?"

"Oh don't pretend," she laughed. "We all know what a blowjob looks like, we have all seen films. This was just one step closer than that. And I KNOW you enjoyed seeing it!" She gestured to where my towel was tented out in front of me by my erection that had not yet faded.

"Ok," I laughed. "So lets move on. What do you want to do next?"

"Well, I think a dip in the pool would be nice," she said. "Then lunch, then we have to decide if we are going to Val and Rod's place tonight?"

"What?"

"Oh I forget to tell you, " Karen said, bending to pick up a stick from the side of the track. "They invited us to a BBQ at their cabin tonight."

"No big deal," she said. "But if we do go I must remember my notebook. Who knows what I might see! Hahaha."

"Ok, Prof," I said. "Whatever you want to do is fine. Now shall we go swim?"

"Absolutely," said Karen. "You look like you could do with some cooling off!" and with that she swatted the tip of my towel covered cock with her stick before marching off down the track ahead of me.

_

We dropped into the cabin, took off our walking boots, and after grabbing our books and some cold drinks we headed back to the pool.

What a contrast from the nervous woman who yesterday asked if she could hide in the cabin, I thought to myself. On only her second day here my sister was walking confidently along with her magnificent chest on show for all to see. She smiled and waved to whoever we passed and when we arrived at the pool she made a point of stopping to talk to two or three people while I went on ahead and set up our towels at a table by the pool.

Val and Rod were there, splashing about in the pool, and when Karen joined me at our table Deb wandered over with a young blonde man in tow.

"Hi you two," she said. "This is my husband Trev. Trev, Karen and Tim."

Trev was not what I expected. Deb was clearly playing out of her league. He was a good five years younger than his wife and looked like he spent most of his life in the gym. I am not normally the envious type, but as much as I keep trim and exercise daily, I never have been able to develop the six-pack figure that blokes like Trev seem to take for granted. Below his trim abs hung a short but thick circumcised cock. As Karen shook his hand I could tell she was giving him a very appreciative once-over. Deb smirked and leant over to give me a peck on the cheek. Trev slipped his arm around her waist as they chatted to us, and I looked at them - he super fit and tall and she chubby and short and suddenly I felt how wrong I has been in my initial assessment. They were nudists; they loved each other and were happy. Who was I or anyone else to make judgments about them? There was certainly nothing 'wrong' with Deb. She was as little thick around the waist and thighs but she wore it well. She had bright blue bubbly eyes, a friendly full mouth and a mane of blonde hair. Her breasts were large and slightly freckled like her face and below her little tummy a landing strip of very thick and very curly butter coloured pubic hair sat atop a pussy that was smooth and full in shape.

"So," Trev was asking. "You two married?"

"Yes," I said. "But not to each other."

"Oh? A scandal in the camp!" he smiled.

"They are brother and sister, stupid." Said Deb.

" A bigger scandal!" he laughed.

"Sorry," Deb said to us. "My husband is an idiot. I don't know why I still keep him around."

"Oh, I can see one or two reasons," said Karen.

And then, right there in the open Deb subtly reached down and with two fingers flicked Trev's cock and made it bounce.

"He has his uses." She said and gave us a big wink.

Trev and Deb shared out spot for the rest of the day. It was terrifically warm and we were glad of the shade of the awning around the edge of the pool area. We chatted about this and that, and at lunch rather than go back to the cabin we just bought some snacks from the general store and ate by the pool.

I was in and out of the water, swimming lazily just to keep cool. At one stage I surfaced to find myself face to face with Val and Rod.

"Hey, there," said Rod. "We need some more people to make up a water polo team. Do you think Karen will want to play?"

I called over to my sister and she came to the poolside. As she was about to take off her sarong she hesitated and looked around. She gave a little shrug and undid the knot and threw her sarong back to the table.

In place of yesterday's big bikini bottom she was wearing a very small pair of white lacey knickers, through which the dark outline of thick black pubic hair could be seen.

Although she was the only one not naked at the pool, it somehow looked way sexier than anyone else at that moment and more than a few heads turned to look at her. There is just something about white lace on dark skin that works.

She dropped into the pool, followed by Deb and Trev, and soon a bunch of us had improvised some rules for a game that was not quite water polo, but near enough.

We were four a side, and the object was to carry the ball by any means to one end of the pool to score. Any type of passing was allowed but no one was allowed to hang on to the ball if an opposing team member 'tackled' him or her. Tackling in this case meant wrapping your arms around their upper body. If you did this and the person did not pass the ball in time, the ball was given over to your team.

Trev, Rod and I were pretty competitive about it as were Karen and a younger guy called Rick. I soon noticed however that Val and Deb seemed to be either very slow swimmers or were deliberately letting themselves be tackled at every opportunity. Their old friend Karl was energetic in defense, and seemed to be constantly there to tackle Deb or Karen. It was all in fun, but I think we all new that it was an excuse for more than a few playful gropes of each other's flesh under the cover of the water and the pretense of the game.

At one point in the game I was swimming to Karen to take a pass from her when Karl caught her from behind. Even after she leaped up and threw the ball to me I could see he hung on to her for a few more seconds, with both his hands cupping and squeezing her tits as she sank back down into the pool.

The next lull in the game I swam to her and whispered.

"Listen, do you want me to have a word with Karl?"

"Why?" she looked bemused

"Well because I noticed he keeps groping you pretty blatantly," I said. "I'll tell him to cool it if you want."

"Aww, little bro defending my honour?" she smiled. "Don't worry about it. It's just a game – and I can give as good as I get."

"Yeah but..."

"Relax," she said, ruffling my hair. "He's harmless. Poor old guy probably doesn't get many chances to cop a feel. It doesn't bother me."

And with that she swam back into the game.

We played on for another half hour or so, and I can't speak for Karen but I know that Val certainly gave as good as she got, sneakily grabbing and pulling at my dick every chance I got, two or three times when I didn't even have the ball!

Happy hour approached and we all hopped out to toast the victors – the final score 'Skins ( Val's team) 10 - Knickers ( Karen's team) 8'

It had been energetic fun and now we were all a bit breathless. As Karen came out of the pool I noticed her panties were almost completely transparent when wet. From behind you could see her lovely large buttocks almost as clearly as if she were naked, and from the front her jet-black pubic hair showed wetly through the thin lace. I think she did not even realize how much she was on display and did not bother with her sarong this time. For a second I thought of mentioning it to her, but why bring it to her attention? That was a sure way to embarrass her.

We all had a drink and Karen asked Val about the BBQ and what we should bring that night.

"Oh, just yourselves, Pet," said Val. "We are pretty well stocked."

"We have plenty of meat that might go to waste," said Karen. "Shall I bring some of that?"

"No," said Val. "Just bring Tim. He is the only piece of meat going to waste around here."

"What?" I almost choked on my beer as Val and Karen cackled with laughter.

"What did you say?"

"Sorry Tim," said Val. "Just a joke. I meant, your wife is not here that's all."

Later as the sun set we said our goodbyes and headed back to the cabin to get ready for the evening BBQ. On the way Karen and I again stopped to shower side by side and then walk hand in hand to the cabin, swinging our towels and chatting.

"What Val said," Karen asked, "it is true and I am sorry that you are here alone, you must be missing her."

"Hey no problem, Sis" I replied. "I got you and I am really enjoying your company. Maybe next time we can all come back together."

"Maybe."

"If you want to that is," I went on. "I am glad you are comfortable with all this now."

"I'm getting there," she said. "I can tell you this much from my research though. It is much much easier to make new friends when you are nude I think. And for me that is almost the most alluring aspect of the lifestyle."

"Almost?" I asked. "So what is the most alluring?"

"Seeing dicks of course," she laughed.

Once back in the cabin Karen said she was going to have a quick lie down and then 'do her face' for the party.

She went into her bedroom and a moment later popped her head around the door.

"Tim?"

"Yes?"

"I don't want to have to do laundry every day," she said, and she threw a pack of tissues at me. "Next time you need a wank use these ok?"

She winked at me and closed the door.

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 04
byOzsunlover©

This is the fourth part in a series. It is recommended that you read the whole story in sequence.

It is a long and slow moving tale. It is not the type of story filled with rampant sex, It has a has a slow erotic build. It is based on real events and only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

*

Tuesday Night Party

Karen and I walked through the camp just as it was growing dark. It was a wonderfully warm evening and Karen had left her sarong behind, but we both carried towels. Karen had tied her hair up nicely and was wearing makeup and black g-string type panties -- It was after all, she said, a party. I of course was naked.

Although she had not taken the plunge into full nudity yet, she was more than comfortable with baring her large breasts by now, and tonight she looked even better as the g-string hid nothing of her bum. Her buttocks were very round, very full and for her age they sat incredibly high. As she walked they rolled with each step in a beautifully fluid motion.

"So, Little Brother," she asked me. "What goes on at a nudist BBQ?"

"I dunno," I answered. "Same as any other BBQ I guess. Drinks, lots of yakking and some poorly cooked food."

"As long as they don't burn your sausage," she laughed. "But judging from what we have seen of Val and Rod I think it might be a bit more than your average BBQ."

"What do you mean?"

"Didn't you notice what they wore today?" she asked. "Val had jewelry on her nipples and Rod was wearing a cock ring!"

"So?"

"So I think they might be swingers or something," she said.

"Oh, I doubt that," I said. "Not at their age."

"Ha, age has nothing to do with it," she said. "And it stands to reason that a place like this must attract some swingers at least."

"Possibly," I stopped and put my hand on her shoulder. "Remember what I said. It still stands. If you are EVER uncomfortable here we can pack up and go."

"I'm fine," she smiled. "Really. It's like Val said; Nudism is about freedom. And I am starting to feel that way. I choose what to show or not show, and what to see and not see. I'm not going to run off like a frightened schoolgirl, I just set my own limits."

Again I was amazed, and proud of how comfortable she had become with naturism in only two days. We walked on through the twilight, hand in hand.

"Are you and Vicky?" she suddenly asked

"Are we what?"

"Swingers," she said matter-of-factly.

"Not exactly," It was not a subject I really wanted to get into. My wife Vicky and I had 'soft swung' with good friends on several occasions, but the hard-core orgy scene was definitely not for us.

"What does 'not exactly' mean?" Karen laughed

"It means 'ask me no questions and I'll tell you no lies'" I replied. "Ask Vicky if you want to know. I'm no squealer."

We soon found Val and Rod's cabin. They had rented one slightly larger than ours with a huge deck filled with large outdoor sofas and tables. The deck faced away from the camp with a stunning view of the hills rising beyond the river. Soft lights glowed around the edge of the deck and candles on the tables added a warm glow. Val squealed a hello at the sight of us and raced down the wooden steps to kiss us in greeting. She too had her hair neatly done up and in addition to the rings that circled her nipples she was now wearing a silver belly button stud that had a tiny chain hanging from it.

Rod, standing at the BBQ with a short apron covering his groin, waved his tongs at us. Trev was standing next to him sipping a beer while Karl was helping Deb sort out some salad at the table in the centre of the deck.

I handed over the obligatory bottle of red to Val and we climbed up to the deck.

Deb came forward to kiss us hello. "Excuse the hands," she said. "Covered in garlic and onion at the moment. Stinky." She laughed. I was surprised to see that her lovely golden thatch of pubic hair was now totally gone, making her pussy mound look even rounder and softer. I shook hands with Karl and accepted a beer offered by Trev.

Val fussed around Karen, putting a glass of wine in her hand and leading her to a large three-seater sofa.

"C'mon Deb." She called. "Put your feet up. It's a barbecue so let the men do all the work."

Rod had it all in hand so we other three men just stood around him and talked the sort of inconsequential chat that men do at barbecues, with the occasional comment on cooking to show that we were all masters of the tongs when we had to be. Rod had marinated chicken pieces, some exotic sausages, lamb cutlets and scotch fillet steak. All looking and smelling great and all timed to perfection so that all of it could come to the table at the same time.

"No standing on ceremony," Rod said as we ferried the meat to the table. "Whack it all in the middle and just grab what you fancy."

We sat around the large table. Karen was on my right and Val on my left. Deb and Trev sat opposite us. At each end of the table sat Rod and Karl - Rod closest to Karen and Karl at Val's corner. I wondered if they had arranged it that way to keep Karl away from my sister?

The meal was a huge success. We ate slowly and the conversation flowed around the table. Trev had a fund of funny stories to tell and we were all laughing and feeling very comfortable with each other.

Eventually at a lull, Val suddenly said to Karen; "So, day two and you are looking pretty comfy with naturism. Well done, you!"

"Mm," laughed Karen. "Not that comfortable, I still keep my knickers on!"

"Oh, who cares?" said Rod, "We are just happy that you are comfortable with OUR nudity."

"I think it's great," said Karen. "And if we ever meet away from here I think it might feel weird to see you guys with clothes on. I will always think of you as naked."

"We look much older with our clothes on," said Val. "Another advantage of naturism for us. And Rod is right, you keep your knickers on if you want- it's your choice, always remember that."

"Well I had no plans to even go topless this week," said Karen. "As for the bottom half -- I didn't actually prepare that area."

"Prepare?" asked Karl

"Oh, you know," said Karen, a little flustered. "Trim, I'm afraid it's a little too bushy down there right now."

"Oh, don't worry about that," said Deb. "That too is personal choice. I got rid of my landing strip today just as a special treat for Trev." Deb stood up and ran her hands down her belly to emphasize how smooth she now was.

"Its true," smiled Trev. "I do like the shaven haven now and then."

"Quite a treat for the rest of us too!" said Rod.

Deb laughed and thrust her hips forward and all the rest of us at the table, even Karen, leant forward a little to admire her freshly shaven pussy. With the thick yellow hair totally gone we could see that although her pussy lips were very small and hidden by her chubby flesh, her clitoral hood was pronounced and only slightly darker than the surrounding skin. And in the middle, just the tiniest hint of a coral pink clitoris tip showed through

"Very pretty," said Val

"Wonderful," breathed Karl

"You're a lucky man Trev," said Rod.

Karen and I really had no comment to make, but we both smiled at Deb as she sat down again.

"I think I would definitely need to resort to the razor before I went nude," said Karen after some thought and she looked down and idly ran her finger under the front of her g-string leg. It was the leg closest to me and I glanced down to see the crease where leg joined pelvis. Thick black curly pubes rippled under her finger as she ran it along the edge of her mound. She caught me gazing at her and made a funny face before snapping the elastic and closing off the view once more.

For the next half hour we all sat around and discussed pubic hair and the arguments for and against and each one's personal preference, and for all that we may have been discussing ordinary hairstyles rather than what we liked to see on our genitals.

Val and Rod were confirmed 'smoothies'. Mainly they said because at their age they preferred it to grey pubic hair. Karl was 'all natural' as he had a lot of body hair and if he tookoff the pubes it would look odd and he would have to go the entire 'back, sack and crack' which was too much trouble. Deb was either a 'landing strip' girl or totally bare, depending on the mood. Trev kept his balls smooth (for Deb) and only manscaped a little now and then, preferring to keep some hair but definitely not on the shaft of his penis.

" I can't figure you out, Tim," said Val, looking down at my dick.

"What do you mean?"

"You don't seem to have much pubic hair, but you don't look like you do much shaving either."

"Oh, mostly natural, " I said, "My hair is blonde and very fine so I have never had much hair there."

"I see," she said. "Your balls look smooth but they are not." She ran her hand up my leg and cupped my balls. Karen looked on wide-eyed. Val's warm fingers grabbed and twirled the fine blonde hairs on my scrotum and then ran her fingers over the mound above my cock and through the slightly thicker hair there.

"Oops," she laughed. "Quick Karen, get him a napkin -- a big one!" Val's touch had brought me to almost full erection and I was struggling to move my chair and hide it under the table.

Karen passed me a large cloth napkin and I draped it over my hardening cock to hide it.

"Sorry," I said, more to Karen than anyone else.

Karen was silently looking down at my still hard cock, now thankfully hidden by the cloth.

"Oh no," said Val. "It's my fault. I am sorry Karen."

"It's OK, " said Karen. "I am sure these things happen. In fact that is one of the things about Nudism that I can't quite get my head around."

"Oh? How so?"

"I mean comparing you to textiles," Karen explained. "Men get erections all the time. If we were at clothed barbecue, any number of men could sit around the table with erections and hide them. But your 'no erection' rule must be very difficult to maintain for most men I am sure."

"Well, its more of a guideline than a rule," said Trev with a smile.

Deb punched his arm. "Shut up, you"

"I see your point," said Rod. "But at a clothed barbecue people would not accept unwanted sexual advances, would they? Most nudists see unwanted erections as sexual aggression -- unwanted erections that is."

"Unwanted is an interesting question," said Karl. "It supposes that a man must only become erect when it suits the woman. I for one can tell you that a great many of my erections are entirely spontaneous and beyond my control."

"Oh I think you can control it if you try," said Deb.

"Why should we have to do all the trying? asked Trev. "Easy for you women to say. You don't know what it's like. And besides, you can lay around the pool and be as horny as you like and it doesn't show."

"Oh it shows," countered Deb, "You just don't know how to look for the signs."

"Well," said Karen. "I feel a little sorry for the men, like poor Tim here." She put her arm on my shoulder. "Men statistically have erections 10 to 15 times a day. That means that if your average nudist male has no erections he is nothing like the rest of the male population."

"Wouldn't bother me if they did," said Val. "But rules are rules."

"Guidelines," said Trev, to a round of laughter.

"So you don't feel that an erection in this context is aggressive Val?" asked Karen.

"More research sis?" I asked.

Karen explained to the others that she was indeed seriously thinking about writing a paper on naturists, and that all their opinions were of great interest to her.

"OK," said Val. "For the most part no. Unless a guy is hiding in the bushes masturbating -- and very few nudists would do that -- I find erections attractive and flattering. Just because a guy has a hardon doesn't mean he is going to jump my bones."

"But the intention is there," said Deb.

"No," explained Val. "The attraction is there -- not the intent. 'Control' as you put it before is about controlling your actions. Tim had an erection just now but he did not stand up and throw me on the table and ravish me did he?"

"Damn good thing he didn't," said Rod. "That's our best tablecloth!"

After the laughter died down Karen asked. "So, opinion is divided. Val has no problem with seeing erections but Deb is the opposite."

"Hey I didn't say that," laughed Deb. "All I meant was a time and a place for everything."

"Again," said Karl. "It is the woman who gets to choose the time and the place eh?"

"And why not?" she asked.

"Not a matter of who chooses," said Val." It's a matter of time and place. For example, here we are in a 'private' residence, there are no minors here, no textiles..."

"Karen's a textile," I suggested.

Val looked at me and went on. "No one to be offended as we are all friends, so here is a perfectly acceptable time and place for an erection. Or even a whole bunch of them." She laughed. "But right now I have washing up to do. Back to reality."

We all got busy helping clean up and as I helped Val take things inside the cabin I whispered: "Val, are you guys swingers?"

"Oh, " she replied. "Maybe. Sometimes. Why?"

"It's OK with me," I said. "But can you please not freak out my sister?"

Val grabbed my hand and looked into my face kindly. "Relax. No one is trying to organize an orgy. And besides, it's your sister that is asking all the questions. I think she is a lot more confidant and open than you give her credit for."

"Yeah maybe," I said. "But she is my sister and I brought her here and I feel responsible for her welfare."

"Very admirable," said Val. " But I'll say it again. We don't believe in forcing anyone into anything. And if I think for a moment that Karen is at all uncomfortable, I will do something about it, OK? Now lets enjoy the rest of the evening, deal?"

"Deal."

After tidying up we all sat back on the deck and enjoyed the red wine. Trev and Deb sat side by side on a small deep chair. Val sat between Karl and Rod on the large sofa and Karen and I shared a smaller sofa.

We were all quite mellow and relaxed by then and the conversation, though still pleasant, had grown more subdued.

Deb was sitting sideways on Trev's lap and from where I sat I could see he was sporting an erection that was standing up and rubbing against her hip. His left hand was tracing circles around her bum, occasionally drifting in to let his fingers run slowly up the line of her pussy lips.

Karl had his left arm around Val's shoulder while Rod rested his right hand on the top of her left thigh.

Karen and I sat apart, but leaning forward, elbows on knees as we sipped our wine and chatted.

"So after all that debate," Karl said to Deb. "You still think this is not the time or the place eh?"

"What do you mean?"

"From here," said Karl, "we can tell Trev is excited but you are doing your best to hide it."

Rod laughed: "Leave them alone Karl. Young lovers is what they are."

"I was hiding it from Karen," said Deb. "I'm sure she would not appreciate Trev flashing his boner at her."

"She might," said Karl. "Did you ask her?"

"No, and I am not about to."

"I will then," said Val. She turned to Karen. "No one is asking you to accept anything, Pet. But would it offend you?"

Karen put her head to one side and thought a moment. "No," she said. "I really think it wouldn't."

"Hey do I get a say in this?" laughed Trev.

"Nope," said Deb. And with that she swung her legs around to sit beside him and reveal his cock, standing up short but incredibly thick with a very tapered head. She grabbed it by the base and wiggled it. "Whose a naughty boy, then?" she giggled.

Karen laughed at the sight of it and immediately apologized. "Sorry Trev," she said. "I wasn't laughing at you --just at the situation."

We settled back to chat again, but it was clear that Deb had no intention of removing her hand from Trev's cock, and soon his own hand and snaked down and was gently stroking her pussy, opening the lips a tiny bit and now and again lingering on her clitoris.

On the other sofa, Karl's hand was now over Val's shoulder and he was softly kneading her breast, while Rod had moved is hand further up her thigh to cup and stroke her bald pussy.

It looked all very innocent and casual but I worried how far they might go, and at what point Karen would become offended.

"Are you OK?" Val asked her. "I don't want anything to upset you. We are not going to start bonking in front of you, I promise. We just like a tiny bit of hanky panky -- as my mother used to call it - at the end of the day."

"No," said Karen abstractedly. "No, I'm fine." Her eyes were fixed on Karl, whose cock was now standing up in an erection the size that I -- and I am sure Karen - had never seen before outside of porn. And seldom within porn for that matter. It must have been easily ten inches long and proportionately thick, rising straight up out of his thick black groin to reach past his belly button. His foreskin was half retracted to reveal a huge bulbous head, an angry purple in colour. I had no idea what Karen was thinking, but it damn near scared the life out of me.

Val followed Karen's gaze down to the cock by her side, said "Ooohh," and did what was possibly the most erotic thing I had ever seen. She draped one leg over Rod's knee and the other over Karl's, opening her pussy wide for us to see. Then she reached out and took each of their cocks in each hand and very very slowly wanked them.

"Damn Karl," laughed Trev, "you are gonna give poor Karen nightmares."

"Oh, I am harmless old man," said Karl. "You all know that."

Rod was actively running two fingers in and out of Val's pussy by now. Trev had a finger in Deb and his thumb circling her clit, while she stroked his cock and reached under to play with his balls. Karl bent his head to take Val's nipple into his mouth and she sighed and smiled over at Karen. Rod had a below average size cock which looked dwarfed compared to Karl's, but Val paid them both the same attention, squeezing and running her hands from base to tip on each, although her left hand all but obscured Rod's cock whereas her right hand seemed tiny wrapped around Karl's giant shaft.

They were all breathing heavily now, and apart from sighs and giggles there was not much said. Karen and I sat transfixed. My own cock was rock hard and the tip was already wet with precum and I draped my towel over it to shield it from my sister's eyes. Not that I needed have bothered. Her eyes were too busy taking in the scene around her. Deb caught my eye and with a gesture asked me to uncover my cock so she could see it. She had both heels up on the chair under her buttocks now and Trev had opened her slit as wide was he could and was pinching and kneading her clit. With her hand reached back behind her she was wanking Trev's cock hard and fast as he kissed her throat and shoulders.

Karen was leaning further forward, gazing intently at Karl's cock as Val's hand slid up and down it. Karl now had is left hand on her pussy, flicking her clit with little taps while her husband drove his fingers deeper into her with circular motions.

Val had a seraphic smile on her face and would close her eyes again and again, only to open them and look over to Karen. It seemed that even in her high state of excitement she would not forget her promise to my sister.

Karen suddenly stood up and began to move toward their sofa. I panicked for a moment and tried to pull her back but she turned and smiled at me. "Don't worry. I am not gonna DO anything."

She knelt on the deck before the three of them, one hand resting on Val's ankle as she drank in the scene.

Left alone I looked over to Deb and Trev who were clearly too engrossed in each other now to worry about others. I looked back to the main sofa and caught Val's eye. She smiled, pursed her lips in a kiss at me and mouthed the words "Don't worry."

I sat back in the sofa and idly fondled my cock, feeling very much left out, until Val opening her eyes wide as the two men worked on her increasingly wet and noisy pussy, looked over to me and mouthed "Wank it.....for me."

I began to jerk off in earnest, watching now Val, now Deb as they began to wriggle about in more pleasure. No one was talking now. Each one of us seemed to be savoring the moment.

I saw Karen look up into Val's face and whisper something, so which Val nodded and smiled in return, and then Karen's left hand had crept forward toward Karl's large balls as Val continued to work her hand up and down his shaft.

Karen had her back to me and I had to crane my neck to see what she was doing and Val smiled and gently pushed Karen's shoulder, moving her just enough so I had an unobstructed view. Karen was holding Karl's balls in her cupped hand. Almost weighing them scientifically rather than with any erotic intent. Val's hand came down on a long stroke of his cock and I could see her index finger reach out and gently tug at Karen's fingers. Then Karen's fingers opened and slowly wrapped around the huge girth of Karl's cock, pausing for a moment before following Val's hand up the shaft, all the way to the tip where she felt and squeezed his head all over before gliding back down again. Soon her and Val were in rhythm, both of their hands flying up and down his cock, sometimes twisting and turning, sometimes pausing to rub their thumbs across his huge glistening tip.

The air was now so charged with the sound and smell of sexual heat that something had to give. And it was Val. She began to make little 'nggg nggg' noises and her hips began to shake. She seemed to be intent on grinding her pussy harder on to the hands of her two suitors, forcing more of Rod's fingers into herself and seeking harder contact with Karl's fingers on her clit. She was almost whimpering when she came, and from where I sat, hard cock in hand, I could see her gushing out a clear stream of fluid as she bit her lip, rolled back her eyes and shuddered with an orgasm.

For a moment her hands ceased to move on the two cocks she was holding but soon after she re-commenced her expert hand jobs.

"Damn" I heard Trev say and turned to see him cumming, shooting thick white sperm all over Deb's hand. She gripped the tip of his cock but it bubbled and leaked through her fingers, running down her hand and coating them both. I could not tell if Deb reached and orgasm or not, but she arched her back, lifted her pussy from Trev's hand and simply whispered; "fuck"

Rod was next to go. He did not make a big deal, just said "Mmm' as a small amount of cum spat from his cock on to his belly. I thought at the time; "Your missus probably keeps you so drained, I am not surprised you have so little cum in you -- lucky bastard." Val scooped it up and looking over at me, tasted it from her finger.

Meanwhile she was still furiously wanking Karl's cock, along with my sister who seemed oblivious to the climaxes going on around her.

"Oh, ladies, it's too much!" said Karl. And then he erupted. Cum flowed out of his cock like lava, huge thick blobs of it pulsing out and running down over the two hands that continued to stroke him. Karen and Val both ran their hands to the tip of his cock, squeezing out the last of his load and smearing it all over with their thumbs.

Everyone subsided a little. Everyone sat back panting heavily over their exertions.

Karen sat back on her heels and reached for a napkin, wiping the thick sperm from her hands. Val closed her legs and letting go of the two cocks, wiped her palms on her breast. To the side of me Trev laughed softly and said again; "Damn"

Moments ticked by in silence till Val perked up with: "Anyone for coffee?"

Karen abruptly said; "Not for me. It's getting late and I won't be able to sleep. In fact I think it's time we said goodnight Tim."

Whatever her motive I was not going to argue with her. And I rather thought it was a good time to leave before things got more sexually charged.

We said our goodbyes and gave everyone a hug before gathering up our stuff to leave. Rod and Val walked us down the steps and a little way along the track.

"I do hope," said Val. "That we haven't shocked or offended either of you."

"Of course not," said Karen. "I told you I am OK with this. And Tim is a big boy and can make up his own mind."

We kissed goodbye, and as we did Val whispered in my ear. "Don't you worry about a thing -- and come back soon."

My sister and I walked along quietly for a while until she asked:

"So, are you ashamed of me?"

"Me? No! Never! Why?"

"For wanking off Karl," she said.

"No way," I said. "I was more worried that I got you into a situation like that."

"So you won't tell anyone will you?" she asked.

"Of course not," I said, "But are YOU OK with it?"

"Yes," she took my hand. "I'm fine, you don't have to worry about me so much."

"I would like to ask you though..." I stopped to cover my own still hard cock with my towel."

"Yes?"

"Why you actually did it."

"I really think it was just fascination," she said. "I mean, did you see the size of him? Don't ever repeat this, but James's cock is tiny, really tiny and Karl's just fascinated me. At first I just wanted to see what it felt like, but I guess I got carried away."

I had never been close to Karen's husband James and I promised her again that her secret was safe with me.

"I know its odd," she went on. "I know that physically and emotionally penis size should not matter, but visually at least Karl's was very exciting to me.

I felt a little pang of jealousy about my own dick and her thoughts about it, but I let it pass.

"Let's not worry about it," I said as we walked up the steps and entered our own cabin. "There's no harm done."

"Yes," she agreed. "It was just a little fun and everyone got off on it."

"Except you and I." I ventured.

"Mmmm?" she said as she put on the kettle. "What do you mean?"

"Ahh, I just mean," I stammered. "That everyone seemed to have an orgasm except you and I."

"Oh," she got down two cups and prepared coffee. "Sorry, I wasn't paying attention back there. I sort of assumed that you did."

"No."

"Well," she finished making the coffees and brought them over to me and we sat together on the sofa. "I didn't really expect or want an orgasm."

"No," I said, sipping the coffee. "Nor me."

"That's not what your towel says," she laughed, gesturing to where I still had my erection covered up by my towel.

"Ahh," I said. "It'll go down eventually.

"Well if it doesn't," she said. "You know where the tissues are."

"Yeah. I'll pass I think."

"Don't let my being here inhibit you Tim." She said firmly. "I know you masturbate. Everyone does. And next time I will try not to look."

"So you saw me last night?"

"Yes, but only by accident." She explained. "I was coming out of my room for some water and there you were. Sorry."

Karen put her arm around my shoulder. "After all that happened tonight don't you think it's a bit silly for you to sit here with that towel on?

I had to agree. I stood and dropped the towel and sat back down, my straining hardon in full view.

"Better?" asked Karen.

"Well," I said. "Better to be naked yes. Not sure about the rest."

She put her arm around my neck and patted my hair.

"Poor old thing," she said. "And you're leaking too"

A large string of pre-cum was dripping from my cock down onto my thigh.

She leant across me to the coffee table to pick up the tissues she had given me before and as she did so her breasts swayed and rubbed across the tip of my cock. She stayed that way for a second or two as she reached for the tissues, and then slowly resumed her seated position next to me.

Each breast dragged so slowly over my cock, the soft flesh seemed to glide over the slippery head and caress it.

It was more than I could take after the events of the day and by the time Karen was seated upright next to me again, I was spurting out cum in an involuntary orgasm.

The first shots went high in the air and landed on my belly. I reached down and grabbed my cock to try and direct the flow, I heard Karen's sharp intake of breath and the next instant she had a wad of tissue paper poised above my cock, catching the sperm as it left me.

It was the most intense orgasm I had ever experienced without actually doing anything. I sank back in the sofa, felt Karen wipe the remaining cum from my belly and shut my eyes, lost in a maelstrom of feelings. I wanted to tell her that I was not usually a premature ejaculator; it was just the result of being horny from the party for too long. I wanted to tell her I wasn't some kind of deviant that had lured her here for this. I wanted to explain a lot of things but I couldn't find the words.

She held my head close to hers and said ambiguously,

"Its OK Tim, I know that was an accident. We'll take more care next time."

...to be continued.

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 05
byOzsunlover©

This is the fifth part of a story of how my sister was introduced to Naturism. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is sometimes sexual, sometimes not. It is based on real events and only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

Wednesday morning.

I woke up very early on Wednesday morning. The sun was not yet over the hills but the still air and the already warm temperature promised a scorching hot day. I needed some exercise to clear my head, so after scribbling a note to my sister, I took a towel and my ipod and left the cabin for a jog down to the river and back. As I trotted through the small sandy tracks that wove their way around the cabins I saw no signs of life except one of the caretakers, nude save for a small tank top that left her bum deliciously bare, who was cleaning up one of the outdoor cooking areas. She waved at me and I waved back, but with my earphones in and Chet Baker crooning out 'Daybreak' I was lost in my own world and thoughts.

The events of the day before had left me still worrying about Karen, and if in the long run she would regret her actions, and worse, regret coming here to the Nudist Resort with me after all. I ran a little faster and resolved to talk to her when I got back and clear the air.

As my muscles warmed up I felt better, both physically and mentally. My wife and I had seen much more while at Nudists resorts than the events of yesterday, and after all, what harm had been done? So what if my sister had helped Val jerk off a guy? So what if she had seen my erection and my orgasm? Our new friends weren't predatory or pushy; they were actually all really nice people who just happened to enjoy a little mutual masturbation. Karen was older, smarter and better educated then I, if she had a problem with anything I am sure she would tell me.

I love the feeling of running naked, and by the time I reached the campgrounds by the river, the continued slapping of my cock against my thigh had given me half a hardon.

There was no one about yet, all the tents and campervans were securely zipped up, so I let nature take its course and was soon trotting along with a fully blown erection bobbing up and down as I ran. Chet was into his slow trumpet solo on my ipod and magpies swooped and whirled above the river. Not for the first time I told myself that this is the way I wanted to live - this is where I would retire to.

I noticed a current of water angling toward the bank of the river and I turned and stopped under a tree by the water's edge. I knew the signs of that ripple from old -- I was about to be treated to a glimpse of that most shy of all Australia's animals -- the Platypus. Even among bush-bred Aussies, the sight of the unusual little monotreme, with its beaver like body and its inexplicable duckbill, is a rare thing.

I stood by the tree, switching off my tunes and waiting for the little animal to surface, when from behind me I heard a tent flap zip open, and someone walk toward me.

I turned over my shoulder to whisper 'Shhhh' and there was the Asian wife from the pool, the same one Karen and I had accidentally seen giving her husband a blowjob in the forest the day before. She wore a white t-shirt over her small breasts but her shaven pussy was open to the air.

She looked at me quizzically and I whispered, "Platypus, let's not scare him"

She crept up beside me, almost on tiptoe, and I pointed to the circling ripple of water.

"I have never seen one." She breathed, and at that moment the animal broke surface, it's odd little body snaking and its short webbed feet paddling it toward the bank.

The lady squealed in delight and 'splash' in an instant the Platypus was gone, diving down deep under water and no doubt fleeing to its submerged burrow somewhere on the riverbank.

"Oh, I am sorry," she said. "I scared it away."

"Well, yes," I said. "They are very shy. But now that you know it lives here you might get another chance to see it. Dawn and dusk are the best times."

"I am so very sorry," she turned to me." Mr...?"

"Tim," I said. "Call me Tim." I proffered my hand.

"Miyako," she said, shaking my hand.

I realized then I still had a raging hardon that was inches from her hand.

"Sorry," I said, quickly draping my towel over it.

"I didn't think anyone else was awake," I explained.

"I always wake up early when camping," she said. "The tent is not so comfortable. But my husband seems to want to sleep till midday. He is not so energetic as you"

She giggled a little, glancing down at my cock and pointing back toward their small tent.

"Hey I think it's a great idea to wake early here," I said. "It's peaceful and look, the kangaroos are still out grazing."

She squealed again in delight and all but clapped her hands at the sight.

" I was about to make Tea," she said. "Would you like some?"

"Sounds good, but I haven't finished my run yet."

"It will take time to make," she said. "Perhaps on your way back?"

"Sure," I grinned. "See you later."

I took off at a run, and made it a quick circuit, down to the woods before turning and slowly jogging back.

By the time I arrived back at their campsite, my cock had returned to a more peaceful state. Miyako had boiled water on a small gas stove and was busy preparing two cups of tea.

"Hi again," she said. "Milk?"

"Please."

She brought the tea to me, and we sat on the riverbank, still half hopeful that the Platypus might re-appear.

"Are you a regular here?" she asked.

"Pretty much," I said. " A few times a year."

"Is that your wife we saw you with at the pool?"

"No," I explained about my wife being overseas and my sister sharing my holiday.

"Oh, you are brave," she said. "Being naked in front of your sister."

"Oh, its no big deal," I lied. "How about you guys? Come here often?"

"No," she said. "First time for us both."

"Enjoying it?"

"Yes, we love it." She smiled. "So....exciting."

"I am glad you like it," I said. "But please stop scaring the wildlife."

"And you," she giggled. "Should stop scaring the guests with your penis."

"Really," I said. "I am sorry about that. I thought I was alone."

"I am just kidding," she said. " My husband has the same problem, it is hard to get used to I suppose."

Just then her husband emerged from the tent and stood up stretching, looking around for his wife. His cock was fully erect and he reached down to scratch his balls as he called her name.

"Over here," said Miyako. "Come and meet Tim! We saw a platypus!"

He strolled over and she introduced him as Mike. As we shook hands I could tell he recognized me as one of the people who spied on his wife giving him head the day before. But rather than being angry with me for sitting there sharing tea with his wife, his face broke out in a grin and he gave me a subtle wink.

Miyako offered him her mug of tea and he drank it greedily, sitting down beside his wife, which left her sitting between us two men. He idly rubbed his cock a couple of times and asked: "So, where is your wife?"

"Oh, she is in Europe," I said. "I am here with my sister."

He raised his eyebrows. "Man, " he said. "You have more balls than me!"

"No he doesn't," Miyako giggled and briefly reached down to cup his scrotum.

Mike leant back and opened his legs wider, inviting her to feel more of him.

"Sorry dude," he said. "We are new to this, and its damn hard not to wake up with a hardon -- rules or no rules."

Miyako ran her hand slowly up and down his erect cock. "Poor baby," she said.

I laughed, "Perhaps I better leave you guys alone." I said

"Hey, we're only teasing," said Mike, and Miyako snatched her hand away from his dick and shrugged at me apologetically. "And what are you doing dressed, baby?" he asked her, tugging at her t-shirt sleeve.

"I got cold last night because YOU did not keep me warm," she said with a grin and peeled off her t-shirt, giving us both a great view of her small conical breasts. I noticed that like on her bum there were the triangular traces of a tan line on each breast, faint against her dark skin, but there and confirming her newfound status as a nudist.

She put her hands behind and leant back on them between us, sticking her small breasts forward with their dark brown surprisingly large nipples jutting out.

"Much better, baby" said Mike. "Wouldn't you agree Tim?"

"For sure," I said. "Everything is better naked."

"Hey, now is a good chance," said Miyako. "Tim, would you take our picture for us?"

"Sure," I said, "Delighted to."

She ran to the tent and came back with a digital camera, and after a brief explanation of its use I was soon snapping away at them; standing arm in arm, hugging each other face to face, looking over their shoulders at me for a rear view shot, and finally sitting together on a large towel close by the water's edge.

"I wish I had more boobs," said Miyako, cupping her small tits in her hand. "Like your sister, Tim."

"They look good on her honey," said Mike. "But on you I like yours just fine."

She turned to kiss him and as she did his right hand moved to her left breast and rolled the nipple between his fingers. He kissed her neck and forehead and instinctively her hand felt for his still hard cock and gripped it.

"Oops," she giggled and tried to break away from him. "We better stop."

"Why?" he asked, looking over at me. "Tim doesn't mind, do you mate?"

"No, I'm fine." I said. "Nothing I haven't seen before."

"That's for sure," said Tim, no doubt remembering the show we had seen yesterday. "Take a few more shots."

Luckily the rise of the riverbank hid us from view as they went back to kissing and as she rubbed his cock he reached down to stroke her little pussy, pressing his index finger into her clit with pressure.

I was fully erect by now and as they kissed and fondled each other Miyako stole some shy glances at my dick. She looked a mixture of excitement and nervousness, and I pointedly moved a little further away from them, trying to assure her that I was not about to attack her.

Mike looked over at me and murmured; "Looks like poor old Tim has the same problem I do baby. Why don't you help him out?"

I did not catch what she said in answer, but from the shake of her head I could tell she was not willing to do what he suggested.

"Sorry, dude," he shrugged at me.

"Hey, no problem," I said. "Look, I better leave you two alone."

"No, please," she breathed, looking up at me from under her long dark tousled hair. "More photos."

With that she gently pushed Mike down onto his back and swung her small leg over him into a 69 position. I got up on my knees and took photo after photo of her licking slowly up and down his cock, looking directly into the lens as she did so and smiling. At one stage she held his cock against her cheek and held up two fingers in the 'peace' sign and giggled. Her laughter turned to a low moan a moment later and I moved to see Mike gripping her bum and opening her bald slit with his tongue. I got closer and took shots of her tight little bum as she wriggled on his face, her dark coloured inner lips in full view as his tongue darted in and out and swirled around her clit. I was so intent on taking the photos for them that I managed to ignore my own bursting cock for the time being.

They continued that way for a few minutes, she swallowing as much of his cock as she could and he hungrily licking and kissing her, all the way from her clit to her tiny dark rosebud. It was getting late in the morning and I began to worry about us all being caught by anyone who might happen to stroll by, but they were lost in the moment.

Suddenly Miyako swung around in one fluid movement and poised herself over Mike's cock in the reverse cowgirl position. I moved down to Mike's feet and zoomed in to take a shot of her rubbing the tip of his cock around her little pussy in slow circles before she eased herself down on it. His erection was around seven inches long and it took her three or four up and down movements until she got him fully inside her. Once she did she looked into the camera with dreamy eyes and with his hands on her hips and she fondling her own nipples, she began to ride him slowly, thrusting her hips forward and out with each stroke.

I continued to take photos, but again and again I had to take one hand off the camera and stroke my own straining erection. Miyako glanced down at my cock often and once or twice seemed to lick her lips as she watched me. Mike's cock was coated with her wetness as it plunged in and out of her, and she dropped one hand to furiously rub her clit as she bucked faster and faster on top of him. She was moaning softly and saying, "Yes, baby," over and over. My cock was now slick with precum and the heady smell of sex drifted around us.

Miyako bit her lip and announced in a small voice that she was coming. She leant forward, one hand on Mike's knee as her hips shook violently three or four times and she let out a tiny squeal.

When she stopped moving, Mike pushed her gently forward until she was on her hands and knees. He knelt behind her and entered her fully in one slow stroke. I took one more photo of her face before moving to their side and taking pictures as Mike grabbed her hips and began to fuck her hard and fast.

Mike was now panting and Miyako was groaning between gritted teeth, and both seem to have forgotten about their cameraman. I continued to take photos with one hand while wanking with the other, and unconsciously my strokes matched Mike's rhythm has he slid his long thin cock in and out of her faster and faster.

"Here it comes, baby," he said and pulled his cock from her pussy, rubbing it up and down between the cheeks of her bottom before shooting long streams of cum up her back and over her shoulders.

A second later I came too, and though my load was smaller, it spurted further than I expected it would and two long strands of it landed squarely on Miyako's back. Mike looked over at me and winked and quickly rubbed it into her skin, mixing it with his own. Miyako was leaning forward on her elbows, eyes closed and panting and I realized she had not noticed my orgasm.

Mike and Miyako sank down and cuddled each other on their towel. I wrapped a corner of my towel over my dick to wipe the remains of sperm away, but the couple seemed unconcerned by their own sticky state.

"Phew," said Miyako. "That was so naughty. But we always wanted to make photos like that. Thank you, Tim."

I handed her the camera and she and Mike scrolled through the pictures, giggling and nudging each other as they did so.

"I'm impressed dude," said Mike. "Very clear shots. How did you keep your hand so steady?"

"Photography is all in the subject matter," I said (as if I knew anything about the subject) "The camera loves you guys."

"Can we get one with you?" asked Miyako. And I had the pleasure of standing with my arm around the lovely lady as Mike took our picture. At his coaxing she even posed for a cheeky one with her holding my dick.

The sun was up by now and they both bravely decided to have a morning dip in the river. I declined and explained I had to get back to my sister and get breakfast happening.

I walked up the track, watching them gingerly wade into the river hand in hand and they turned to wave at me before plunging into the water. Their splash sent birds fluttering up from the river.

I walked back to the main camp a happy man. I had made new friends, shared an erotic moment and a glorious summer day had hardly begun yet.

_

When I got to the cabin I decided to go and shower and shave while Karen was still asleep, but I could not find my toiletry bag anywhere. I was about to knock on the bedroom door to ask Karen if she had seen it when I found her note:

"Gone to shower," it read. "Meet me there and let's have breakfast outside."

I walked up to the shower block and saw that the door of one of the showers was shut, the sound of running water coming from within.

"Karen?" I called. "You in there?"

"Yes. Good morning. Have a nice run?" she answered.

"Yep. Have you seen my shaving gear and toothbrush?" I asked

"Oh yes, I have them," she said. "Come on in"

I entered the small shower room and found my stuff on the little bench. All except my shaving gear. Karen was naked in the shower with her back to me. Her black hair hung wetly down her back and the cascading water glistened over her large naked bum. She seemed intent on her washing and did not speak.

"My razor?" I asked.

"Using it, " she said without turning. "You'll get it back, don't worry."

I grabbed my toothbrush and soap and went out and to the shower cubicle next door.

I washed in water that was almost cold but enjoyed it. Karen was still in her shower, taking up all the hot water -- the story of our life I thought, remembering her marathon stints in the bathroom when we were kids at home.

"Hey," I called over the wall that did not extend all the way to the ceiling. "My razor?"

"Sorry," she said. "Catch!" And she threw razor and brush over the wall to me.

As I lathered up I inspected the razor and there caught between the blades were half a dozen thick black pubic hairs.

"Ahh, thanks," I called back, plucking the hairs from the razor and gazing at them and remembering how she had said the night before that she would need to trim before she considered going nude. Was today the day? I wondered.

By the time I had shaved and rinsed off and left the shower Karen was out of hers and standing by the basin outside, rubbing cream into her face and hands. She wore her sarong around her hips again but was naked above and below it.

"That'll need a wash soon," I said, flicking her sarong. "And then what will you wear, eh?"

"You'll see," she said. "You were gone a long time, what were you up to."

"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."

"Try me," she said.

"Well, I saw a platypus," I said. "And then I sort of hung out with that couple we saw yesterday in the forest."

"Lucky bugger," she said.

"Yes, they were very friendly," I laughed.

"I meant you were lucky to see the platypus, goof," she smiled.

"We can go tonight or tomorrow morning," I said, "maybe you can see it too."

"So that couple," Karen asked. "Up to their old tricks were they?"

"As a matter of fact..." I began, but hesitated. After all that had happened since we arrived it was becoming increasingly hard to maintain the belief that Nudism was non-sexual.

"Well?" she asked, licking and imaginary pencil and flicking open an invisible notebook.

"They were," I said. "And they asked me to photograph them at it."

"Oh my God," she giggled. "And did you?"

"Yes,"

"Wow," she said, "Pictures to add to my field notes!"

I laughed with her. "Doubt it," I said. "It was their camera and I am pretty sure they would want to keep those shots private."

"Gosh I just realized," she said. "I thought there was a no camera rule, so I did not bring mine. But everyone seems to take pictures of themselves here. We should get a couple of shots."

"Sure," I said. "We can use my phone camera. But are you sure you want nude photos of you?"

"Mmm, good point," she said. "I'll think about it. Now, ready for breakfast?"

We strolled over to the outdoor tables by the little store and soon had some fresh coffee and warm pastries for our breakfast. People were beginning to move about the camp now and Karen waved good morning to all and sundry.

Her was still damp but she had tied it up short and was wearing a blue baseball cap. Already she had tanned a shade darker since she had arrived and she glowed with health and contentment. A few early morning swimmers were splashing in the pool and among them was Karl. Karen waved to him and called "Good morning" and he waved back. 

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 05
byOzsunlover©

"No regrets?" I asked her.

"Only a few," she said. "But not about him."

"Oh,"

"Or about you silly," she laughed. "Stop worrying so much. You want to live 'naturally' don't you? What happened to you last night was natural. Forget it."

And I tried to put it from my mind.

As we finished our breakfast Karen asked me to go grab my cellphone to take a picture and I jogged back to the cabin and soon returned with it.

Karen had stuck up a conversation with an older guy at the next table and now she turned to him and asked if he would mind taking our photo.

He took the phone and stood in front of us as we sat there with our arms around each other, both giving the 'thumbs up' signal.

"Oh wait," said Karen. "Hat on or off, what do you think?"

"Off," I said.

"No," she mused. "My hair is a mess. But this doesn't match," she indicated her sarong and with one quick yank she pulled it off and dropped it on the table.

The cameraman had to ask us to pose for a second shot, because in the first he took I was not looking at the camera. I had been staring down at my sister's freshly shaven pussy.

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 06
byOzsunlover©

This is the sixth part of a story of how my sister was introduced to Naturism. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is sometimes sexual, sometimes not. It is based on real events and only the names have been changed to protect the guilty.

*

Sitting at the outdoor café table with my sister Karen I felt a mix of emotions go through me. But what I felt most was pride in her courage and a joy that we could perhaps in the future share more of a nudist lifestyle. On only her third day here she had not only gone fully nude, she had taken of photo of we too sitting naked side by side.

"We might have to crop this before we show anyone," she said, passing the camera phone to me.

In the photo I was hidden from the waist down, but Karen, even though she was sitting demurely, was totally full frontal to the camera. Her large breasts were lifted by the action of her arm being around my shoulder, her tummy looked flat, and her pussy, which she had shaved that morning leaving the tiniest tuft of thick black hair just above it, could just be seen peeking out from between her large thighs. She looked terrific and I told her so.

"For a newbie you look great," I said. "Very relaxed and natural."

"Aww, thank you," she replied. "Do you know what? I AM relaxed. I think I really needed a holiday. I never would have imagined I would be doing this but, there you are..."

"So you think Nudism might be for you?" I asked.

"Definitely," she said. " I think I will become a better nudist than you even." She laughed.

"Meaning?"

"Meaning I will be more honest with myself about my motives," she said.

This was the theme of her 'research' into nudism and our ongoing debate about Nudists' motivations. A debate I was losing.

"Funny how the mind works," she pondered. "Before the moment of actually getting naked in public you feel terrified, but the moment you step over the line, you wonder why you felt that way at all. I wonder if it's a similar experience for everyone?"

"Perhaps," I said. "My first experience was a little different."

"Oh? Do tell," she smiled.

"Maybe later," I said. "When you are older."

"It'll never happen," she said with a smile, stretching her arms behind her head in pin-up pose. "I'm never getting older!"

We left the café table and took a slow walk back to our cabin. Karen wore her sarong around her waist but this time left it open in the front, so that with each step it billowed open and revealed her naked state as she walked.

Once in the cabin she threw it off and walked into her room naked, re appearing a moment later with sunscreen.

"It's going to be fierce today," she said. "You better get some lotion on too."

She stood in front of the mirror, checking over herself and covering her arms and legs with sunscreen. As she reached the top of her legs she quickly rubbed the lotion over her pussy before reaching for more and doing her tummy and breasts.

I went to her side and got a handful of lotion and quickly covered my self from neck to knee, and for the moment we were silently engrossed in the process and paid each other little heed.

"Do my back?" she asked.

I got a generous amount of cream and spread it over her back and shoulders. The sides of her breasts jutted out a little and it was almost impossible to avoid touching them but I made it as clinical and as matter-of-fact as I could. I looked up into the mirror to see her smiling at me sardonically.

"God, Tim," she said. "Don't be so timid. I won't break. Can you do the bottom half please?"

I bent over and did the back of her thighs and calves, studiously avoiding her bum and her upper thighs and what lay between.

"Done."

"OK," she said. "Turn around and I'll do you."

There was nothing timid about my sister. She slapped the sunscreen on my back and shoulders and rubbed it in vigorously. She did the back of my arms and then my calves and thighs bending low as she did.

"Gee, you have a white bum for a Nudist," she giggled and squeezed out a great blob of lotion onto my bum - way too much lotion.

"Oops," she said and began to smear it around as much as she could to get rid of it

Her hands ran up my inner thighs a few times, and each time accidentally brushed my balls. I don't care who you are -- an Easter island statue would feel aroused with a woman's lotion covered hand touching his balls -- and I began to swell up despite myself.

"Whoa! I'm done!" I said, moving away from her and finishing the sunscreen application myself.

"Chicken!" Karen laughed.

"Ok," she asked as we went out to the sunlit porch. "What's the agenda today?"

"We could go for a walk?" I suggested.

"Too hot."

"Canoeing?"

"Too strenuous."

"The pool?"

"Too early."

"Are you trying to be difficult? " I asked. "How about you decide?"

"Mmmm," she thought a moment. "Let's try the recreation hall?"

Five minutes later we were in the comparative coolness of the recreation hall. It boasted sofas, a small library, table tennis and a pool table. Karen wandered about a little checking out all the photos posted on the wall and leafing through the nudist magazines on display, before challenging me to a game of pool.

We racked up the balls and she won the toss for the first break.

"This is going to be harder than I thought," she said as she bent over the table with her cue stick.

"Why?"

"Because playing naked my bloody boobs are going to get in the way," she laughed.

I could see her point. Her heavy breasts hung and swayed below her as she bent over, interfering with her aim.

"OK," I said. "I'll give you two balls start as a handicap."

She looked up and smirked. "The last thing I need," she said. "Is two balls from my brother." And with that she smacked the cue ball hard, splitting the triangle of balls and sinking three on the first shot.

"Hustler," I laughed.

She won that game, and the next, and the one after that too. I won't say my sister is a cheat, but she did have an uncanny knack of standing at the table opposite me absentmindedly examining her boobs or flicking imaginary dust from her remaining pussy hair just as I was trying to line up my cue shots.

"That's $300 you owe me. Want to make it double or nothing?" she was saying just as Mike and his wife Miyako wandered in.

"Hey dude," Mike called. "Hot one eh?"

I introduced Karen to the couple and she challenged them to a game of doubles.

Mike was up for it but Miyako had never played the game before and it was cute to watch the way he had to hug her from behind and teach her how to hold the cue.

After a few practice shots and some debate about the rules we began the game, and this time as Karen was on my side it was poor Mike who had to put up with her subtle distracting tactics.

Mike played a good game and had he a better partner I am sure we would have lost. But it was indescribably cute the way Miyako giggled as she messed up each shot and the sight of her little bum with its smooth pussy peeking out from beneath as she leant over the table as far as she could go was adorable.

Karen was taking most of our tricky shots and we were well on the way to winning when Mike said to her.

" I know your game, Karen. And two can play that." And with that he stood opposite her on the table and moved his cock so it lay flat on the green felt, his balls resting on the cushion.

Miyako giggled and Karen was on the verge of a fit of laughter.

"Careful," she said. " I haven't missed a ball all day!" and she pretended to aim for his scrotum before turning left and potting the black to give us the victory.

It was clear that Miyako and I were outclassed by our partners, so we opted to sit the next game out and let Mike and Karen go head to head.

That turned out to be a longer game and at the start of it they both agreed they would use no 'interfering' tactics.

They played seriously, each one taking time over their shots while Miyako and I sat in nearby chairs and watched.

She had her camera with her, and after looking all around and over her shoulder, she scrolled through the photos I had taken that morning. Showing me each one and asking if I thought it was good enough to keep.

"They all look wonderful," I told her. "And thanks again for letting me be there."

"It was the first time we did anything like that," she said. "When we decided to come here we thought we would just try nudism, but I think we are still both too excited by it to be good nudists."

"If you'll take my advice," I said. "I would have your fun, but try and be discreet, there are some people who would not appreciate that sort of thing."

"Oh we will," she said. "We don't want to offend anyone."

I wondered, not for the first time, what proportion of nudists truly adhered to the 'non-sexual nudity' school of thought. Convention dictates that we hardly ever discuss it openly, but in my twenty years as a nudist, I have met many others that engaged, if not in sex, at least in titillation, flirting, and innuendo to greater or lesser degrees, and the last few days had certainly proved that perfectly 'normal' nudists would engage in some sort of sexual play if the situation was right. My own view was becoming that there was no such thing as an average or 'normal' nudist. Some were strictly 'non-sexual' some were out and out swingers, and in between there was a vast spectrum of tastes and motivations for going naked, and as long as polite boundaries and club rules were not crossed, who was anyone to judge others?

I wanted to talk to Karen about it further, to sound out my views with her and make sure I wasn't just seeking a way to justify my own behavior. I knew from our discussions so far that she would have an honest answer for me.

Mike and Karen's game ended, with a narrow win for Mike. Some others had come to the rec hall and Karen and Mike gave up the pool table to another couple and joined Miyako and I. Miyako hurriedly put away her camera and we four fell to chatting about everyday things.

The morning wore on and Deb and Trev entered the hall with one of the club owners.

They were carrying speakers and a sound system, which they got busy setting up on the small stage at one end of the hall.

"Hey, Karen," called Deb. "Don't forget it's Karaoke night tonight! We'd love to see you here."

We introduced our new friends to Deb and Trev and the four of us helped them with the speakers and hung around the hall with them for a while, putting up tinsel and glitter and other decorations about the walls.

It was all so natural and friendly, and although Deb and Trev took in the fact that Karen was now happily naked, no big deal was made of it. It was one of those times when concentration with other things takes over and everyone seems to forget about the nudity. It can easily happen and when it does it is a good feeling. I have seen people drive out the front gate of the camp, completely forgetting that they were naked as they did so. That is one of the real joys of nudity - total comfort.

We all drifted over to the pool area. Outside was blazing hot and we grouped together in the shade of the awning. Val and Rod were there floating in the pool and at the sight of Karen walking bare-assed by them, Val gave a joke wolf --whistle and said, "Looking good, Pet!"

Karen laughed and wiggled her hips at them as she passed by.

We sat around in the shade, talking about the heat and discussing lunch plans.

"Too hot to eat," said Karen. "All I want is an ice cream today, and a cold drink."

Trev patted imaginary pockets, "Can't help you there," he said. "Seem to have lost my wallet."

"That's fine," said Karen with a look at me. "Tim has plenty of money, don't you?"

Right there and then I made a deal with her that I would pay for absolutely anything she wanted, but it would be her walking to the store, not me.

Mike and Miyako had brought their scrabble game with them and soon had Deb and Trev engrossed in a game. Miyako was next to her husband with her unique way of sitting with one leg tucked under her bum, which so delightfully exposed her little pussy. Deb sat on the table itself, her feet on the bench and her round bottom pointed straight at me. Karen sat beside me, flicking through a nudist magazine and acting as adjudicator when people tried dubious words on the scrabble board.

"Are rude words allowed?" asked Miyako

"How rude?" said Deb.

In answer Miyako laid out letters adjacent to a "C" and spelt "clitoris."

"That's not a rude word," said Deb.

"Hey, well done," I said. " I never would have found that."

"That's not what your wife tells me," said Karen, and the table broke into peals of laughter.

At Trev's insistence the game rules where changed so that ONLY rude words were allowed from now on. It all got a bit hilarious, especially when Miyako insisted that 'swallow' was a rude word and Karen had to over-rule her.

Val and Rod left the pool and wandered over to where we sat. It was getting hotter and we all felt a bit lethargic. Karen repeated her request for ice cream and I reminded her that she had to go buy it.

In revenge she took a 50 from my wallet and asked the whole table what they wanted. With a handful of orders for ice cream and drinks she walked off to the store, and it may have been my imagination, but in her natural state her gait seemed to be a little more sensuous, an indefinable change in the way she swung her hips as she walked.

I was watching her go when Mike said to me; "Dude, your sister is hot!"

"Rude!" said Miyako.

"She is beautiful," said Val. "Inside and out."

"Yes she is," I agreed. "And she is my best friend."

Until I had said it I had never realized how true that was. Karen had always been there for me, my whole life, and aside from my wife, she was the person whose company I most treasured.

"Aren't you sweet?" said Val.

"Man," began Trev," If I had a sister like that I'd..."

Deb punched him before he could finish and I was glad when Val turned the conversation elsewhere.

Karen soon returned with the goodies and as we ate and drank the ladies all decided to have a sunbathe. Soon the four of them were laying face up on towels before us. We guys sat on at the table yakking, all of us aware of the four very different pussies that were on display for us. We made no comment, but by mutual agreement we all kept our eyes on the visual treat right before us: Val with her bald pussy and her slightly protruding inner lips, Deb and her full round mound with its hard bump of clitoral hood, Miyako with her tiny pussy, hardly more than a crease between her legs, and Karen, a long dark line of two narrow but dark pussy lips, curving from her remaining patch of pubic hair all the way down till they were lost between her fleshy thighs.

None of us felt lustful, we just enjoyed the beauty before us, and when they all rolled over in unison, the sight of their four bums, round and glistening with small beads of sweat, were an equally appealing sight. This was becoming the most perfect of holidays.

The afternoon passed slowly. It was hot and sultry and apart from the occasional dip in the pool we did almost nothing for the rest of the day.

As the sun began to go down, people drifted in and out of the pool area, bringing their beer and wine for the 'happy hour'.

Karen and I weren't feeling much like drinking and at around six we headed back to our cabin.

We worked together in the kitchen and made a light meal of cold meat and a pasta salad and ate together on the porch.

After eating we put our chairs side by side, our feet up on the porch railing and watched the last rays of the sun disappearing.

"Enjoying yourself?" she asked.

"Very much," I said. "And you?"

"Yes. It's the best."

I was about to talk to her about my earlier thoughts on Nudism, but Deb and Val appeared at our porch rail.

"We've come to take your sister away," said Deb

"Oh?" I asked. "And may I ask why?"

"Karaoke night is fancy dress," said Deb. "We need to get her dressed up."

Karen shrugged and stood up.

"I'm sure Tim wont mind doing the dishes," said Val, and the three of them walked off down the track. I cleaned away the dinner plates, poured a glass of wine and sat reading until I dozed off in my chair.

I was awoken by Rod and Trev pelting bottle tops at me.

The stars were out and already the sounds of music were coming from the rec hall.

Trev wore an oversize cowboy had and a fake mustache, along with a belt with toy guns in holsters. Rod wore a top hat, a monocle, white cuffs on his sleeveless arms and carried a cane. They were both otherwise nude.

"Not dressed yet?" asked Rod.

" I wasn't expecting a fancy dress party," I said. "I got nothing."

"Soon fix that," said Trev and he ran up the stairs and into the cabin before I could stop him.

He was out again a moment later with a bed sheet.

"Simplest solution," he said. "Toga!" and wrapped the sheet over my shoulder and around my waist in a reasonable imitation of a Roman. Rod had been busy stripping a few vines from a nearby ivy plant and fashioned a laurel wreath and placed it on my head.

"Hail Caeser!" they both saluted and led me away from the cabin.

"Have you guys been drinking? " I asked.

"Don't ask silly questions." Said Trev. "You're already late and your poor sister is worried sick about you."

Inside the rec hall the music was pumping and there must have easily been sixty people there, sitting around the tables and dancing on the floor. Although a few people were stark naked, most had made some sort of effort at fancy dress. Lingerie was common, as were loincloths, makeup, and Indian feather head-dresses. I saw the odd toga here and there, men in cowboy hats, a guy with a construction hard hat and a tool belt, a lady dressed as a genie, and one beautiful silver haired grandmother with wings and a fairy wand.

The boys led me over to a table where our friends sat. Val was there, naked but painted head to foot in tribal patterns. Mike had come as a pirate with an eye patch and a toy sword, and Miyako had her hair tied up on top of her head, and seemed to be wearing a cloth nappy. I did not get it until she explained she had dressed as a sumo wrestler.

Deb and Karen were nowhere to be seen and when I asked about them Mike said. "Hang on. They are up next."

Up on the stage an aging cowboy was just finishing his rendition of "King of the Road." to thunderous applause and the MC was coming to the mic to announce the next act.

"A lot of you know Deb and how hard it is to keep her from singing," he began, to cheers and laughter. "Well tonight she is going to give us a duet with a first time visitor to the camp! Would you put your hands together for Deb and Karen!"

From an area off to the side Deb jumped up on stage. She wore an Audrey Hepburn large black hat, long white gloves and painted on her tummy were the words 'Breakfast at Tiffany's' with an arrow pointing down to her pussy.

She took a mic and held out her left hand, and taking her hand and climbing on to the stage was my sister. She had white flowers in her hair, and silver bracelets all up and down her arms and around her ankles. Indian henna designs covered her face and her breasts and belly, and wrapped around her waist was a sash of scarlet silk. It was tied in a knot and designed to cover her pussy but with every move she made it swayed and revealed her bare sex, the small tuft of pubic hair shining with silver glitter.

I sat amazed at how wanton she looked in the outfit, and then they both lifted their mics and the music began.

They had chosen a raunchy classic "Big Spender" and for the next 5 minutes they both strutted the small stage, each trying to outdo the other in both sultry vocals and dance moves. As the song neared its climax Deb was blatantly thrusting her hips forward, allowing all the closer spectators a view of her pussy, while Deb was leaning forward and shaking her breasts at the audience

It was 'all in fun' and the crowd laughed as much as they applauded, but there was no doubt that many hungry eyes were lapping up not just the performance, but also the gyrating bodies of the two singers.

As the song finished, cries of 'encore' erupted from the floor and after a quick consultation the girls launched into 'Fever'. This was an even sexier number and they milked it for all it was worth. At one point Deb stood behind Karen and ran her hands slowly up her body, cupping her breasts and shaking them with glee. Then Deb turned her back to the audience and bent down low as Karen pretended to spank her bum.

The crowd went wild.

As the music faded out the MC was back on the stage in a rush, grabbing the mic and no doubt hoping to get them off stage as quick as possible.

"That's our Deb!" he said. "Always good for a laugh." (I don't think it was laughs that Deb was after) "And the lovely Karen," he continued. "Beautiful voice, just beautiful. How about a big hand of applause?"

The hall thundered with applause and Karen, led by the hand by Deb, came back to our table, flushed with pride and embarrassment.

She came and sat next to me and as the next contestant began she leant over and whispered. "My God, I can't believe I did that!"

"Hey what?" I said. " You sounded great!"

"Yeah," she said, "But how did I look?"

"Like a star!" I said. And spontaneously I kissed her forehead.

"Not too slutty?" she asked.

"Define slutty," I said, and she kissed me back.

The competition continued. I did not participate but Val sang an old Suzi Quatro number and Mike and Miyako did a duet with "I got you babe", during which Miyako somehow lost her loincloth and hid behind Mike, to hoots of laughter.

By 10 o'clock the votes were in and it was a landslide. Deb and Karen went back on stage to collect their prize for first place and Deb hammed it up by peeling off a glove and throwing it into the crowd. Karen looked at me and shrugged her little shrug, smoothing down her sash to hid her pussy.

After that the DJ took over and the dance floor was a crowd of bodies, many still in costume but equally as many stark naked. The lights were dimmed further and the party kicked on. We sat and talked for the best part of an hour until someone suggested we dance.

At first we eight danced as a group, but as more and more slow numbers came on we began to dance as couples. I am not sure who worked it out but we rotated; I would dance in turn with Val, Deb and Miyako, but never Karen. Deb and Miyako were fun but Val was by far the most exciting dancer, swaying her hips and running her bare pussy up and down my thigh and grinding into me.

I had just changed partners for the forth time. I was dancing with Miyako and Karen was paired with Rod.

Miyako nudged me and whispered, "Oh look out for you sister!"

I looked over to see that Rod's erect cock was between Karen's legs, the upper side of it rubbing along the outside of her pussy.

My own cock beneath the toga sprang into life and Miyako, feeling the hardness pressed against her tummy looked up at me wide-eyed.

"Is that for me?" she asked.

"No, I mean yes, I mean I'm sorry " I stammered.

"Its ok," she said, "But I am married. So..."

"No really," I said, "its just an accident"

"Plenty of accidents tonight." She laughed. And looking around she was right. In our little group there was not a man without a hardon. Deb had Mike's firmly pressed up against her tummy. Rod's was discretely hidden within Karen's thighs, and Val was blatantly holding Trev's between them, her thumb rubbing the tip.

Couple by couple we drifted back to the table, again sitting with our own partners. We had a drink and when Karen and Val went off to the ladies room I went outside to have a smoke in the warm night air.

The party was beginning to break up into groups. Some people were calling it a night and wandering back to their cabins, some we sitting at tables talking and drinking.

Mike and Miyako, who had a long walk back to their tent, came out of the hall and said goodnight to me before walking off arm in arm into the night.

Trev and Deb were still inside drinking and chatting to Karl, but I could see no sign of Rod.

I went to the toilet block to look for Karen but there was nobody there. Feeling alone I lit another cigarette and wandered out behind the hall, enjoying the night and the sounds of the music, softer now, still coming from the hall.

I head some voices in the darkness further along the path and I headed toward the sound.

I was in the shadow of some trees when I saw the three figures ahead of me, bathed in moonlight.

They were on a large pine picnic table. Rod knelt before the table, while Val sat beside him sucking his cock. Spread-eagled on top of the table, with Rod hungrily eating her pussy, was Karen.

In was twenty feet away and I froze in my tracks.

Val was jerking and licking Rod's cock and saying, "Yes, go on honey. Eat that lovely pussy."

Karen lay back, fondling her own breasts and saying; "Fuck yes, that is so good. Please don't stop."

I could not see Rod's face or Karen's pussy from where I stood, but I could see her hand reach down and grip the back of his head, pressing him further onto herself.

Rod sighed and licked and ate her harder, while Val played with her own pussy, jerking his cock that was pointed at her lips and whispering encouragement to him.

I was firmy tugging at my own cock by then, caught between shock and desire, but desire was clearly winning.

Karen began to moan deeply and her silver bangles jingled as she writhed on the table, with Rod having to keep moving his upper body to keep his mouth in contact with her.

Rod came with long slow spurts, which Val swallowed greedily, but he never broke away from Karen and I could see his head shaking from side to side as he continued to devour her.

"Oh, it's been so long," said Karen. "Eat me, make me come!"

Rod increased his efforts and Val stood up, leaning over to knead Karen's breasts and gently kiss her face.

Karen's body suddenly arched off the table and she moaned, "Yesss." Her head thrashed from side to side and between her legs Rod sighed a deep sigh of contentment as my sister's orgasm pulsed through her.

In my hand my cock jerked as if in sympathy and I shot a load of come onto the ground.

The three of them sat up and hugged but I was already sneaking away. Elated, sated and more confused than ever at my own feelings/

To be continued...

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 07
byOzsunlover©

This is the seventh part of a story of how my sister was introduced to Naturism. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is sometimes sexual, sometimes not. It is based on real events and only the names have been changed to protect the guilty



Thursday

They can't all be perfect days. Not even at a Nudist Camp. I was woken in the early morning by the hammering of rain on the cabin roof. I crawled from the sofa bed and looked at the clock on the wall. 6:45am! I looked out the window and it was still dark. Sheets of rain obscured everything beyond the porch rail.

Along with the rain there was a slight chill in the air and I slipped on a t-shirt before venturing outside. The rain thundered down like a tropic storm and I rubbed bleary eyes and wished I were still asleep. Karen and I had got in quite late from the Karaoke and dancing at the rec hall the night before and I wasn't feeling the best. I tried to tell myself I was just a little tired but the truth was I was still coming to terms with what I had witnessed last night – I could not get the image of my sister Karen, in a secluded part of the camp late at night, laying on an outdoor table in the moonlight while our new found friend Rod went down on her and brought her to orgasm as his wife Val looked on.

She hadn't known I saw them, and when the three of them came back to the hall no mention was made of it. We had left the dance soon after and Karen had acted as normal as could be, for all that she seemed a lot more relaxed and walked home holding my hand with a dreamy smile on her face.

Then, and now, I had mixed feelings about the whole affair. I was concerned that on her very first foray into Nudism I had got her mixed up with people who were clearly swingers. Lovely people - but swingers all the same and I dreaded her going home full of remorse for her actions. Overlaying that was the feeling that as her brother it should have been up to me and look out for her – for all she and Val talked about 'freedom' I was worried that she was being led into a situation not of her choosing. On top of all that was a nagging doubt about my own motives and why, sister or no sister, I had found it so arousing to see her in a sexual romp with Rod and Val.

I knew of old that the morning after the night before can often bring regret and recrimination and I hoped that when she woke, Karen would still be her level headed and happy self.

The rain continued to tumble down and, shivering a little, I went back inside. I was not cold enough to bother with putting on more than the t-shirt and I went to the small kitchen to boil the kettle for some tea.

Standing there looking down at myself I realized that even with my mixed feelings I was still aroused by all that I had seen the day and night before. My cock was at that turgid state, not erect but jutting out forward and only drooping slightly at the tip.

Perhaps my sister was right. Perhaps I could do with some more honesty. Perhaps I could start by admitting that this particular visit to the camp had been so far one of the most erotic episodes of my life. I resolved to play it by ear from now on and go with the flow.

The kettle whistled and as I set about making tea Karen called my name from the bedroom. I walked over and poked my head around the door.

She looked up from the bed with tousled hair and half closed eyes.

"God, what time is it?" she asked.

"Just gone seven."

"Are you making tea?"

"Yes." I replied. "Want some?"

She sat up letting the covers fall from her and scratched and rubbed at her hair. Her breasts swayed like big fleshy teardrops as she did.

"No - coffee please. Strong coffee." And she laughed ruefully.

I got my tea, made her coffee and carried it to her bedside.

"Aww, thank you." She said, sitting up with two pillows behind her. "This rain! Do you think it will ease up today?"

"Don't know," I said. "It looks pretty set in out there."

I was standing by the bedside sipping my tea. The room was really so small there was nowhere else for me to be. Karen grabbed one corner of the covers and pulled them open.

"Hop in," she said, and I sat beside her in the bed, the sheet and a thin blanket covering us to the waist.

"And how are we this morning?" she asked, life coming into her eyes as she drank her coffee. "Have a good time last night?"

"Yeah, it was fun." I said. "You?"

She looked at me over the rim of the coffee mug that she gripped in both hands before her face. "I had a great time," she said. "These people really know how to have...fun."

We sat on, listening to the rain.

"It's like we're kids again," she said.

"It is?"

"Yeah. Remember when we'd visit Gran and a bunch of us kids would have to share a big mattress on the floor and we all stayed up late telling ghost stories or whatever and an adult would come in every so often and say 'Get to sleep, you kids!' They were always fun times. "

"Yes, they were," I said, remembering the pillow fights and the snacks we had stolen from the pantry.

"I think I miss those times a lot," said Karen. "All the snuggling."

"Somewhere along the way we grow out of snuggling," I said.

"Please," she laughed. "You're never too big for a snuggle." And she put down her mug and threw her arms around me in big hug, making bear noises as we had when we were kids.

I decided she was right and I hugged her back. Her boobs mashed into my chest but we both, by some telepathic agreement, avoided any contact of our bodies below the waist.

"I really hope the weather gets better," she said, absently brushing my hair back over my ear. "I had plans for today."

"Oh?" I asked. "Such as?"

A loud knock on the cabin front door and Val's voice calling 'Coo-ee?" had us both sitting bolt upright and looking around guiltily, as though we'd been caught at something. Karen sprang from the bed and draping her towel around herself slid out the bedroom door and into the front room.

I followed her with our cups and there was Val at the front door – naked save for a singlet and a pair of gumboots and carrying an umbrella. She raised one eyebrow briefly and smiled "Good Morning, Tim!"

Karen was inviting her in but she declined, pointing out the muddy state of her gumboots.

"I am sorry to barge in so early," she said. "But we are totally out of milk and the store isn't open yet. I saw your light on and was wondering...."

"Oh, of course," said Karen. "Tim, can you get some milk for Val?"

I took over a spare carton and gave it to Val. She looked significantly at my sister and they both walked to the very end of the porch with their backs to me. Looking out at the rain they had a long and hushed conversation.

Karen hated me smoking but I took one anyway and sat at the opposite end of the porch, finishing my tea and doing my best not to eavesdrop.

Soon I heard them both laughing and heading back to where I sat. Val ruffled my hair and said "See you later, hon." She put up her brolly and splashed away toward her own cabin.

Karen made a fresh cup of coffee and came to sit beside me on the porch.

"So what was that all about?" I asked.

"Oh, I think the milk was just an excuse," said Karen. "Val wanted to come over and see if I was alright."

"And why wouldn't you be?" I smiled. "You got me to take care of you – did she think you were scared of storms?"

"No," Karen looked away. "Something happened last night and she was a little worried.."

"What happened?" I asked, immediately not liking myself much for doing so.

"Oh, nothing really..."

"OK," I said. "As long as you are alright."

"Tim," she looked back at me. "I don't want to lie to you. Something happened last night between Rod and Val and I."

"Uh-huh.." I left her to continue or back out as she pleased.

"During the dance," she went on. "We sort of went for a walk and Rod sort of...went down on me."

Perhaps she expected me to be outraged or shocked, but I didn't want to do anything to upset her. I just asked, "And....are you OK? Is Val OK with it?"

"Yes," she said. "I am OK with it. And as for Val –she was there at the time."

"I see."

"We just went for a walk," she continued. "Rod had gotten a little excited while dancing with me and it was honestly our intent to just get a little fresh air and for all of us to cool down a little. His erection wasn't going down and Val said she might have to 'take care of him' before they went back. I don't know exactly why I did it but when she touched him so did I and before I knew it he asked if he could touch me too. I was already quite aroused and I let him. One thing led to another and he performed oral sex on me. It was just a bit of fun and...." She was talking way too fast now and was looking a little distressed.

"Hey, hey," I said. "Calm down. It's not the end of the world. Don't think any worse of yourself for it. Sometimes these things just happen and.."

Karen burst out laughing.

"Not me silly. You!"

"What?"

"I was worried that YOU would think worse of me for doing it," she said. "Believe me, I am totally fine with it."

"Oh, ok." I said. "Enough said on the subject."

"Not quite," said Karen. "I need to know that you are OK with it too. It's been a very long time since I had any passion or fun in my life. Rod and Val are lovely people and all we did was give each other a little mutual pleasure. I haven't turned into a sex addict overnight." She laughed again. "Not yet anyway."

Honesty, I thought to myself. And the worst enemy of honesty is hypocrisy.

I took her hand and kissed her cheek.

"I am completely OK with it," I said. "You're my sister and I love you and I want you to be happy. And I would never judge you."

She patted my cheek, "I love you too, and ditto on the judging. Now. What next? Breakfast or shower? Too damn wet to go Platypus spotting," she smiled.

"Mmmm, definitely shower," I said. "A nice hot shower and back to bed."

We took the car and drove to one of the larger shower blocks and shared a large open shower cubicle. No one else in the camp seemed to be awake yet and we reveled in the hot water. When she asked, I washed her back for her and she did mine in return.

When I soaped and washed my cock and balls she giggled a little and said "Careful, it's a fine line between a wash and a wank!"

I rinsed off and went to the basin to shave while she washed her hair. In the mirror I could watch her freely. With her hands up on her head, her boobs were pulled up higher and jiggled delightfully as she shut her eyes and vigorously scrubbed the shampoo into her scalp. Large rivulets of foam ran down her neck and over her breasts, coating them briefly in shining waves before trickling down over her tummy and disappearing between her legs. When she bent forward to rinse the suds from her hair she turned away from me and I could see her pussy exposed between her firm round bottom. She was completely hairless from the cleft where her clitoral hood began all the way to her ass. Her pussy lips were long, in the sense that they seemed to be a continuous long slit from her clit to her bum, but the outer lips were smooth and flat and the inner lips, almost the same colour as her nipples, were dark wavy lines that protruded only very slightly. To me, it looked perfect.

She opened her eyes, still bent over and rinsing her hair and looked at me under her arm, catching me staring at her. She poked her tongue out at me and chided me as she used to do when we were young: "Why don't ya take a picture? It lasts longer!"

"Point that thing at me again and I just might," I retorted and we flicked each other with water and went back to what we were doing.

We finished up and slipped on T-shirts before dashing back into the car and driving back to the cabin.

Together we made some English muffins and jam and tea and sat eating, watching the water cascade from the eaves and looking out for a break in the sky.

"Here's something else for my study paper," said Karen, getting back to her subject of writing 'field notes' on the life of nudists.

"And what's that?" I asked.

"These," she said, plucking at her t-shirt. "Val, you and I, and last night some of the staff – I have noticed that if it gets too cool nudists will put on a shirt, but never pants. Now, why do you think that is?"

This time I had an answer ready for her. "Because," I explained. "A shirt is easy to put on and off and it's comfy. Much less restricting that pants or undies."

"Beeeep! You lose. Thanks for playing," she said as she hit an imaginary buzzer on the table.

"Oh yes? And what does the great Zoologist have to say on the subject?"

"Plenty, actually," she leant over the table toward me. "Firstly, it's just as easy and as comfy to put on a sarong or a loose skirt or loose pants. Secondly, the groin area is as important to core body temperature as the chest is. Thirdly, and most significantly, the genitals are by what nearly all cultures define human nudity. Anyone can be topless without being seen as nude, that's easy..."

"Not for you it wasn't," I interjected.

"It is now," she argued and lifted her T-shirt to flash her boobs at me. "My point remains – women to some degree and men totally are not considered naked unless their vagina or penis is visible. Look at popular magazines or movies and you'll see I am right."

I had to admit that I for one had never considered "tits and bum" to be the real thing when it came to nudity in pictures.

"My theory is this," she went on, warming to her theme. "For nudists the most important thing is to be 'seen' to be nude. So even if you want to cover up from the weather you will find a way to keep your genitals on show. Trust me, as a first timer I know that nothing says 'I'm naked' more than having your vagina out there for all to see."

"Interesting," I said. "But I am sure there are many that will disagree with your ideas."

"No doubt," she said, picking up a magazine, "and would they be the same people who once told me that there was nothing at all sexy about nudism?"

It had been me that had said that to her, less than two weeks ago.

"Touche, Doctor," I smiled. "I am starting to really look forward to reading your research paper."

"I'll make sure you are the main attraction," she laughed, then looking out over the porch rail said; "Oh this weather! What a shame."

The sun was up – somewhere – hidden behind storm clouds and the rain continued to fall in thick heavy drops. I looked like we would be cooped up all day.

"Can I borrow your laptop?" Karen asked. "I'd like to jot down a few notes about my holiday."

"Sure," I went inside and brought it out for her. "Just be careful what you write about me."

"Don't worry," she said. "I'll give you an alias – how about 'Penis-X'?"

After showing her how to fire up the computer I got my book and spent a pleasant hour reading while she tapped away at her notes.

As the air grew warmer it was a pleasure to see her unconsciously slip her arms out of her sleeves and peel off her t-shirt, as though she had been a nudist all her life.

I was proud of her naturalness and wished we had done this years ago. With luck there would be many more times like this to come.

After a while she finished her typing and looked over to me.

"How do I find the movies you said you put on here?" she asked.

"In a folder called 'Entertainment'" I said.

"Nnnnnnnope," she scanned the laptop. "Can't see it."

I got up and stood by her side, leaning over to work the mouse and open up the folder that contained the movies. Some new, some classics, some episodes of favorite TV shows, some good, some bad. As I clicked through them and showed her how to select a movie viewer and watch them I became aware that my balls were now resting on her shoulder and my cock was laying flat along her arm. She continued to listen to my instructions and without a word reached up with her right hand, took the tip of my cock in her fingers, moved it off herself, and gave it a small slap.

"Sorry," I said.

"Mmm?" she looked up. "Oh," she laughed, "I'm sorry I didn't even realize what I was doing."

I sat down again and Karen selected a recent Hollywood release and began to watch it on the small screen. I moved my chair a little closer so I could see too but having watched it before I drifted in and out and spent most of my time reading my book.

The over-paid under-enthused actors droned on and after twenty minutes or so I lost interest altogether.

The movie viewer on my laptop had a menu option to see 'recently viewed' items, and if I had not forgotten about that Karen would have never found my 'alternative entertainment' folder.

She announced that she really couldn't get into the film and, searching for the stop button, she must have inadvertently clicked 'most recent viewed' because in an instant the screen was filled with a scene from a classic 70s porn movie - French, stylish, well made, but definitely hard core sex.

"Oh God!" she said, staring at the sight of a blonde woman performing oral sex on two men in what was clearly a public bar. "How do you turn this off?"

"Shit!' I reached over and killed the movie viewer. "Sorry."

She looked at me wide-eyed.

"You dirty little bugger," she said.

"Honestly," I smiled. "I have NO idea how that got there. Just wait till I see that computer technician! I'll give him a piece of my mind..."

We both burst out laughing.

"How many films like that do you have?" she asked.

"Oh a few," I said. "Well - quite a few actually."

"Tsk tsk," she said. "You never grow up do you? It's the same as when you used to keep your dirty magazines hidden in the shed at home."

"I don't remember that," I said.

"I do," she replied. "In the old cupboard behind the water heater, second draw from the bottom and poorly disguised by having a copy of a Captain America comic placed on top of them."

"You filzy spy," I took out an imaginary pistol. "You vill be shot for zis!"

She giggled and said she was about to do the old 'is that a gun in your pocket?' routine, but realized it wouldn't work without pockets.

"But," she said. "It does add another layer to my research."

"How so?"

"A naturist," she said. "Spending most of his time nude, and a fair amount of time looking at other nude people - why do you need to watch porn to see naked people?"

"Umm, two different issues," I said. "There is more to porn than just nudity, as you just saw."

"But it DOES confirm that you are a voyeur," she said. "Which brings me back to motives for nudism."

"C'mon," I said. "Everyone watches porn."

"I don't," she said. "Well, at least I haven't for a very long time."

"OK. I should have said every MAN watches porn," I laughed.

"Interesting," she said. "And tell me, is there nudist porn? I saw the magazines they have here, and while I don't consider them pornography, they aren't a million miles away from the girly magazines you used to get your jollies from as a teenager."

"Hey, I was a teenager," I protested. "I would have got my jollies from a Botticelli painting back then."

She laughed. "But really," she asked. "IS there such a thing as porn for nudists?"

"Yeah," I joked. "We get together and watch movies of Hollywood starlets putting their clothes ON."

"No seriously," she continued. "I want to know."

I considered my answer.

"Actually I don't think there are," I said. "They used to make 'sexploitation' films about so called Nudist Colony's. Things like 'I was a teenage Nudist' or what have you. But they were all tits and bum teasers and definitely aimed at textiles. I have seen stuff on the net, but it's all shots of people being filmed secretly at nude beaches, and I find that not only NOT porn, but actually distasteful – it's an invasion of peoples privacy."

"There you go again," she said. "With the privacy. Surely people who go naked on a public beach have to expect that?"

"Perhaps," I said. "But YOU wouldn't want your holiday here filmed and put on the Internet would you. Anyway, all I meant was, I don't consider that 'Nudist Porn'."

"Point taken," she nodded. "So what would be Nudist Porn – if it existed?"

I explained to her that when I did watch porn, I tended to watch old stuff from the 70s or 80s, movies that contained not just wham bam sex, but also a plot – a story you could get involved in, and I imagined a true nudist would like the same sort of thing, only in a movie that had a nudist theme. Set, for example, in a nudist camp."

"And no such movie has been made?" she asked.

"Not that I know of."

"Damn," she giggled. "Next time I come I'll bring a camcorder and a director's chair! I'll make a fortune!"

"So," I asked. "There WILL be a next time?"

"Oh I really think there will," she said. "Unless I can find a place like this closer to home."

"Good to hear it," came a male voice, and we looked up to see Val and Rod standing under an umbrella beyond out porch rail.

Again we jumped like busted teenagers but they just smiled and held up a milk carton.

"We owe you this," said Rod, holding it out.

Karen stood up. "Oh come in out of the rain, you pair," she said, moving another two chairs to the table.

The elder couple came up onto the porch and sat down opposite us. Both of them wore singlets but were naked and on display from the waist down. Karen cocked an eyebrow at me in a 'told you so' manner before offering them a drink.

"Past midday already," she said. "A glass of wine?"

They agreed and Karen snapped her fingers at me. "Garcon," she said haughtily. "Wine for my friends! And have a little one for yourself."

By the time I got back with a bottle of Semillon and glasses they were chatting away merrily and I struck me for a moment how the tables had turned. Not three days ago Karen had been a shy textile on her first ever visit – now she was sitting stark naked and entertaining two (partially) clothed guests. And doing it with grace and style.

"Looks like no fun and games today," said Rod, indicating the constant rain. "What are you guys up to?"

"Not a lot," I said.

"Tim has his nose in a trashy novel," said Karen. "But I have begun my study paper on Nudism."

"Good to hear it," said Val. "You must promise to give us a copy." And right there and then they exchanged e-mail addresses.

"Watching a movie?" asked Rod, "Don't let us interrupt you."

"No. It's OK," said Karen. "It wasn't much of a movie and it don't really enjoy watching on a tiny screen. Reminds me too much of airplane travel."

"I've got an idea," said Val. "We've got a DVD projector. We could set up a sheet as a screen in our cabin and have a movie session. We have plenty of films, and it would be better than sitting by watching it rain all afternoon."

"Nice idea," said Rod. "What do you say guys? We'll scratch up a meal and have a nice relaxing time of it – if the sun doesn't come back."

No one had a better idea, so the arrangements were soon made and we got a few things together to take up to their cabin.

As we went Val asked; "Do you think we should invite poor Mike and Miyako? They can't be having much fun sitting in their tent all day in this weather."

"Oh, I think they could," grinned Rod, before being punched in the arm by Val. "OK, OK – I'll drive down and ask them."

By two in the afternoon our small crowd was gathered around the living room of Rod and Val's large and comfortable cabin.

Rod had taken my car down to the campground and picked up Mike and Miyako, taken them for a warm shower and brought them to the cabin. Mike was nude and carrying a six-pack of beer and packets of chips - Miyako was wearing a short jumper, which she peeled off as soon as they came inside. Deb and Trev had arrived earlier, bringing a whole box of food and wine and while Trev was wrapped in a towel, Deb was naked and took delight in lifting up Trev's towel every chance she got and saying; "What are you hiding, eh?"

Karl was not there and Rod explained that he had gone into town for the day and might not make it back if the rain made the dirt roads too boggy.

We rigged up a large white sheet as a screen on the far wall and Rod got the DVD player and projector set up in no time at all. We all got comfy on the floor and the sofas and the ladies had first choice of movies so we watched a romantic comedy first with the promise that the guys would get an action film after that.

We had plenty of finger food and drinks and the afternoon passed by in a very relaxed mode. After the second film it was getting dark but the rain had not abated – if anything it was heavier. None of us were very hungry but the ladies insisted on putting a small meal together of warm savory pastries.

The cabin was warm and snug and we were all comfortably naked. As it grew darker Val and Rod invited Mike and Miyako to stay the night. They readily agreed, as their tent would not be so cozy with the weather the way it was.

I'm not sure whose idea it was, but before we put on another movie we all gathered up every cushion and blanket we could find and made a huge bed on the floor, big enough for us all to stretch out and watch the video.

As we settled down Karen smiled at me – "Just like at Gran's," she said.

She was by my side; Rod and Val were next to her. Deb and Trev were half way down the huge bed laying head to head crossways, and Mike and Miyako were cuddling up at the base of the rectangle, closest to the screen.

Every direction I looked was a mass of naked flesh. Rod flicked off all the lights and in the glow of the movie I had a perfect view of Miyako's ass as she cuddled deeper into her husbands arms and kissed him.

We were all getting on like the oldest of friends, commenting on the movie, sharing food and drinks around and becoming more and more casual about who touched who's flesh as we stretched and moved around the makeshift bed.

At one stage Deb got up to adjust the screen and as she did she stood directly over Mike's face, giving him a perfect view of her pussy as she did so. Trev teasingly put his hand out and pretended to smack her bum, but from where I sat I could tell he was subtly opening her lips to give Mike and even better show.

Miyako had to climb out of the bed a little later to got to the toilet and in doing so she crawled not only over Trev's supine body but also managed to trip and land between Rod and Val, giggling an apology and squatting between them, her little pussy sweetly open as she re-adjusted the cushions she had disturbed.

For a while I wondered if this would become the type of group masturbation that we had witnessed the last time we had visited Val and Rod, but so far there was only some body contact and fairly obvious teasing – we were feeling relaxed, but there was no insistent desire for sexual release in the room.

It had become more and more obvious that as much as we enjoyed the movie, we were more interested in watching each other. Miyako seemed interested in Trev's physique and he used the pretence of getting up to draw the curtains, putting his hand on her shoulder before kneeling by her side, his semi-hard cock inches from her face as he struggled for a bit too long with the curtain cords.

Val was talking about her lack of exercise that day as she lay on her side, head resting on one hand as she stretched out her leg and lifted it up an down in a scissor movement, alternately exposing and hiding her very pink pussy.

I was wondering if Karen and I, being partnerless were part of this game when my sister outdid them all. Claiming that she needed to clean up and collect 'empties' she crawled all around the bed on her knees, picking up glasses and plates and as well as her boobs rubbing against every guys back as she passed them, she went on all fours in front of them, reaching to the edges of the bed to pick things up and giving them a very up close look at her ass and pussy. She did all this with a constant stream of chatter about not wanting to leave Val's place in a mess - and a face as innocent as an angel.

Eventually we all drifted closer together and there was a lot more physical contact between everybody. Rod had his head resting on Karen's breast; Val's leg was against Trev's buttocks, who in turn had one arm on Miyako's shoulder and one on Deb's bum, while Deb's feet rested on Mike and her head rested on my thigh.

We all grew quieter and some of us pulled sheets loosely over ourselves. Still there did not seem to be the sexual energy that would lead to out and out fucking by anyone, but we were all happy to caress and gently massage each other as the volume of the movie was turned down and believe it not, we began one by one to drop off to sleep.

The last thing I saw before nodding off myself was Trev covering a sleeping Deb with a sheet and Miyako, with Mike's encouragement moving closer to Trev and running her hand softly over his hard abdominal muscles.

I woke sometime in the middle of the night to whispers and a rhythmic movement coming from the end of the bed. The movie had long ended and in the darkness four bodies were writhing slowly, Miyako and Deb lay side by side on their backs as their husbands fucked them in unison. To my side Karen lay sleeping with her head on Rod's chest. Rod himself was propped up on pillows with Val's sleeping face on his other shoulder.

He smiled at me and went back to gazing at the two couples fucking before our eyes.

I had a raging thirst and, trying hard not to disturb the sleepers or the love-makers, I crept out of bed and to the kitchen.

In the kitchen a hint of a fresh breeze came through the window I and stayed there a while drinking some water and listening to the rain.

When I went back to the bed the other four were still quietly screwing and Deb looked up at me and bit her lip as Trev sunk deeper into her. Rather than climb over anyone I found some space on Val's side of the bed and slid back in. No sooner had I done so than Val's hand crept up my thigh and grabbed my cock.

She kissed my chest and her head slid down to my groin, and after rolling the tip of my dick between her fingers for a while, I felt her tongue flicking over the head before her wet lips engulfed me, sucking very slowly, stroking my shaft as she fed my rapidly hardening cock into her mouth.

Not a word was spoken. We could hear the other two couples' breath as they kept up their slow lazy fucking. I reached out to take Val's breast and found Rod's hand already there. He relinquished the hard nipple to me and Val twisted her body slightly as he pulled on her hips. She was now laying on her side, her right arm still holding my cock as she sucked it deeper, and her body at right angles to mine.

Rod lifted her left leg and I could hear as he slowly and firmly slid his cock into her pussy.

When he did that and began fucking her with a slightly jerky movements, Val licked all the way down to my balls and back up again before taking my cock deeper in her mouth than I would ever have thought possible. Her nose seemed to come into contact with my pubic bone and I could feel a her saliva spilling out and drenching me as her mouth slid oh-so-slowly back up to the tip of my cock.

The other two couples began fucking a little more noisily now, and the wet sounds of three cocks stretching and filling three pussies filled the room.

Val gasped and licked the side of my cock and ran her hand smoothly up and down the wet shaft. I circled her nipple with my left hand and turning to watch her hips undulating as Rod drove in and out of her, I saw Karen looking at me over Rod's shoulder. She seemed about to say something but instead gave a little grin and rubbed her hand over Rod's chest.

Karen shuffled around Rod and lay down between us and the other two couples, her head resting by my leg. From her new vantage point she could see both Rod's cock in Val's pussy, and mine in her mouth.

As she watched, I saw her drop her hand down between her legs and she began to squirm a little. From behind her Trev reached over and lifting one of her breasts, squeezed and rolled it. Karen looked up into my eyes and laid her head on my thigh, an incredibly horny look on her face as inches away, she watched Val deep throat me once again.

On the far side of the bed Miyako was becoming more vigorous, wrapping her legs around Mike's waist and lifting her body at the hips, as if trying to get every last bit of his long thin cock inside her. Closer to us Deb had slipped her own hand down to where Trev was driving his thick dick into her and began rubbing her own clit frantically. Rod's movements too became livelier and as he fucked his wife in short hard strokes each one shook her whole body, making her head bounce faster on my cock. Val gripped me tightly as she sucked me, and I felt a cool breeze blow across my balls. I looked down to see my sister, closer now and with pursed lips, but she quickly looked away, seeming to notice for the first time Trev's hand as it stretched and twisted her nipple.

All of our breaths we louder and more ragged now, and Miyako had begun to whimper in ecstasy. A moment later she cried out as Mike, with his softly spoken "Here it comes, baby," emptied his balls deep in her pussy.

The two lovers collapsed in each other's arms, faces cheek to cheek, watching the scene around them.

In less than a minute Trev let go of Karen's tit and pulling out of Deb, he knelt above her, gripping his cock and shooting five or six long streams of sperm over her belly. As he did Miyako put her hand out and grabbed the short fat member, squeezing it hard and milking out the last drops that fell glistening onto Deb's already slick tummy. That was enough to send Deb over the edge and she too came, rubbing the sperm around and into her open pussy and arching her hips as she winced at the pleasure of it all.

I could not hold back much longer and I brushed Val's head to let her know I was about to come. She took my cock from her mouth and rubbed it against her cheek and her outstretched tongue.

Before I came Rod jerked his hips back, pulled his cock from his wife's pussy and shot his sperm over her legs. The third spurt flew across the bed and landed on my sister's breast, where it hung and dripped down in a long string.

Seconds later my own cock was erupting, my cum squirting over Val's face and tongue. I shut my eyes, lost in the sensation as Val licked my shaft up and down and milked my cock slowly. For a moment I felt other fingers tickling at my balls, but when I opened my eyes and looked down the fingers were quickly withdrawn and all I saw was Karen's face, her eyes closed and her head resting on my leg. Val's free hand reached out to my sister and deftly wiped away a drop of spunk that was clinging to her cheek.

We all lay still for a while catching our breath, until Val got up and, leaning back behind the bed, brought out a box of tissues and handed them around.

"My God, It's 2am," murmured Trev, and we all took that as a signal to straighten up the bed as best we could. We cuddled up, all eight of us, and worn out from the long evening, we were soon falling asleep to the sound of the rain.



...to be continued

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 08
byOzsunlover©

This is the eighth part of a story of how a sister was introduced to Nudism and more. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is sometimes sexual, sometimes not, and involves people who are not just sexual partners but also friends.

Friday Morning

The first thing I noticed when I woke on Friday morning was that the rain had stopped and weak sunlight was filtering through the curtains of Val and Rod's cabin. When my eyes were fully open the next thing I saw was that the warm pillow my head was resting on was the full, soft breast of my sister Karen, her dark nipple no more than an inch from my eye.

She was still asleep and I carefully moved my head and looked around. On the large floor bed we had made the day before for movie night, Deb and Trev were sleeping next to me in each other's arms. At the foot of the bed Mike lay on his back gently snoring, his mouth fallen open and his long thin cock erect along his stomach.

Turning around I saw Val and Rod seated at the dining table with Miyako sipping coffee. They were all still naked from the night before. Miyako as usual sat with one foot tucked beneath her bum and under the table I could see her tight looking pussy, which even in that position only opened the tiniest bit. Val sat across from her with her chin resting on one cupped hand. I looked again at Val's face with its elfin smile and bobbed graying blonde hair framing her heart-shaped face. How old was she? Nearly sixty? Over sixty? It did not matter -- she was beautiful. She was a fun, free spirit, she loved every bit of life with her husband Rod, she was a kind and thoughtful host and last night while the couples were making love on the floor she had given me the best blowjob I had ever known.

When they saw I was awake Val gave me a huge smile and Miyako fluttered her fingers in a little wave. Rod lifted the coffee pot from the table with a look that asked me if I wanted some. My God, did I? Real coffee! The aroma was fantastic and I clambered over to the table and sat with them, and after the events of the night before I did not bother to even pretend to hide my morning erection.

They were talking softly, so as not to wake the others. Miyako was hoping for more hot and sunny weather after yesterday's rain, as she wanted to fit in more outdoor activities during her visit to the resort.

"But it was so nice of you," she said to Val and Rod. "To invite us to stay here last night."

"The pleasure was all ours," said Rod.

"Oh," Miyako smiled. "I think everyone had the pleasure."

I have no idea where Val and Rod got their energy from but they had prepared enough breakfast for the whole gang. As we sat nibbling on French toast the sleepers on the floor came to life one by one.

Trev was his usual joking self as he opened his eyes, looked bewildered and said; "Is the movie over yet?"

Mike rolled over, looked at the clock and pulled a pillow over his head, at which point little Miyako sprang up, ran over to him and tried to drag him upright by his arms. The fact that she was standing directly above his face, one foot either side of his head and giving him an excellent view of her pussy, was no doubt a great incentive to stay where he was but after a short struggle he too got up and came to the table.

Deb jumped up from the bed, and after cupping her mound with her hand and dancing from foot to foot for a moment, declared she had to pee, and raced for the door, waving a 'good morning' to everyone.

Karen woke with the slightly startled look that people often have when waking in a strange place. I called to her; "Get up lazybones!" and she turned to me and gave a great grin and sat up stretching and running both hands through her long messed up hair.

"God, I must look a sight," she said. "We should have gone home last night Tim."

"You look great," said Val. "Come and have some breakfast."

I gave up my chair to my sister, poured her some coffee, and we all sat and stood around the table. Rod had opened all the curtains and sunlight filled the room. Blue sky could be seen beyond the hills and we were all cheered by the return of the good weather.

We talked about the movies we had watched the night before, but nobody made mention of the fact that in the wee small hours of the night three couples had all been fucking side by side, with Karen and I a peripheral part of the action.

"Man I hope our tent wasn't washed away in the rain," said Mike.

"It'll be fine," I said. "I'll' drive you down there if you like?"

"Yeah. Thanks Dude," he said. "That would be nice."

"Can't we have a shower first?" asked Miyako. "Just a quick one?"

"No such thing as a quick shower with you, Baby," he laughed. "But sure, why not?"

Karen said she'd be absolutely useless until she had a hot shower so in the end the four of us said our goodbyes and our thanks to Val and Rod and with Mike and Miyako in the back seat I drove us to a shower block.

Apart from piles of fallen leaves and rain puddles here and there, there was little sign of yesterday's long storm and the air was already warm and clear. People were already up and about, sweeping their cabin decks and chatting to their neighbors, and when we got to the shower block it was already half full.

Mike and Miyako disappeared into a shower cubicle together, leaving just one vacant.

"Yours," I said to Karen. "I'll wait."

"Don't be silly," she said and dragged me into it by the wrist. "It's way big enough for two. And if you wait there may be no hot water left."

It was big enough for two, but my sister is a hot water hog, always has been, and for most of the shower it was her standing directly under the streaming hot water while I, off to the side, washed in whatever bounced off her. Not that I cared -- we had a companionable shower, I washed her back and helped her rinse her long hair, she washed my back and surprised me a little by running her soapy hand down the cleft of my buttocks and, her fingers grazing my balls as she did so. "Whoops, sorry," she whispered.

We stood face to face under the shower, as close as we could get to share the water and she ran her fingers along my jaw.

"You'll have to shave later," she smiled.

"I'm on holidays," I said.

"No excuse, I like my men clean shaven."

"I'm not a man," I said. "I'm your brother."

"Yes," she smiled. "And I want you to look your best so I can show you off to people like Val.......God that is so funny!" she said, suddenly looking down.

"What?"

She pointed down at my cock, that was turgid but nowhere near hard.

"It looks like you're peeing," she laughed. "I don't know why but that always makes me laugh."

The shower water, running down my abdomen, ran along the underside of my cock and jetted out in a long stream from the tip, splashing against her leg.

"You better not be thinking what I think you're thinking," she said.

'Which is?"

"Watersports"

We both said "Ewwww" at the same time and giggled.

We turned the water off and got our towels from the hooks, and by silent agreement dried each other's backs.

Karen wrapped her towel around herself as we prepared to leave, and spontaneously stopped by the door and hugged me.

"What was that for?" I asked.

"Just to let you know that I love you," she said. "And to thank you again for this holiday."

I was relieved, after all that had happened, to hear she was still so positive about the experience.

"Just glad I can help with your research," I joked, referring to her claim to be writing a study on Nudists.

"Oh yes," she said as we left the shower block. "I am learning a lot about Nudism, and about myself...and about you."

Mike and Miyako were waiting for us and we drove them down through the camp to their tent by the river.

Water lay about in greater puddles along the grass, but the inside of their tent and most of their belongings were safe and dry. We helped them tidy up their campsite a little and after fetching out clean dry towels they told us they were going to swim in the river again.

Karen wasn't too keen on swimming so soon after her shower, so I took her to the spot where I had seen the platypus and we sat side by side on the riverbank.

"Probably too late in the morning to see it," I said. "But we might get lucky."

Twenty yards away Mike had ran into the water in a long dive and Miyako was wading in, shrieking and standing on tiptoe when the shock of the cold water reached her pussy.

"She's cute," said Karen.

"Yep, they're a nice couple."

"That's the thing," Karen mused. "They all ARE nice couples. Is that because they are nudists or would they be just as nice if they were textiles?"

"Chicken or the egg, eh?" I said. "Which came first?"

"Well," said Karen slyly, "I wasn't paying all that much attention -- but I know it wasn't you."

"What!" I said, looking into her smiling face.

"You KNOW what I am talking about," she said. "Last night. Just imagine! Last week I was home eating dinner in front of the TV, and this week I witness my first orgy!"

"Oh," I said. "It was hardly and orgy...."

"Three couples having sex on the floor in the same room?" she asked. "Sounds like it to me."

"Yes, but.." I tried to put it in the right context. "An orgy makes it sound like everyone was screwing everyone else. Last night everyone made love to their own partners.."

"Semantics," she smiled. "And besides, you and Val aren't partners."

"Neither are you and Rod!" I blurted out, instantly regretting how churlish it sounded.

"OK OK," she put her hand on my arm. "I was only teasing."

"I'm sorry."

"But it is an interesting point," she went on. "You don't consider what has happened to be swinging?"

"I guess some would," I said. "But no, I don't."

"And Vicky? What would she think of it?"

I explained, without going into too much detail, that my wife Vicky and I sometimes 'played' with friends, but we had certain boundaries and it was usually confined to same room sex, masturbation and sometimes oral. We nearly always did it together but very occasionally we might do it without our partner present, but we never hid anything from each other.

Karen listened with interest and said; "So you and Bill Clinton eh?"

"What?"

She did an imitation of the former president; "I did not have sexual relations with Val!" and cracked herself up laughing.

I laughed along with her, and we agreed that we shared a common belief in what was 'cheating' and what wasn't. The fact that my wife and my sister had always got on very well helped.

"I'm glad that you and Vicky have no problems," she said. "James on the other hand -- if he even suspected what I am up to, I think the marriage would be over."

"I'm sorry," I put my arm around her shoulder. "If you need to do what's right.."

"Meaning?" she asked.

"Meaning if you want to go home or..."

"No," she said with finality. "I love it here. And for the first time in a long while I am doing what is right -- for me. Besides, I haven't seen my platypus yet!"

She stood up and took my hand and we waved goodbye to Mike and Miyako and drove back to the main camp.

At Karen's insistence I got my toiletry bag and went up to the shower block to shave. She wanted to make a couple of calls from the payphone at the rec hall and asked me to meet her later at the pool.

As I stood at the basin shaving a red-haired pale skinned lady came and stood at the next basin, brushing her long hair. She may have been anywhere between 25 and 30, she wore a little silver nose stud and even stark naked had the air of an 'alternative' lifestyle adhereant. Her pussy was covered in thick red pubes, there were toe rings on her feet, bangles on her arms and a tattoo in some Asian script traced its way around her navel. What my wife would have called 'a hippy'.

"Hi," she smiled at me. "Are you the guy with the lady who one the Karaoke on Wednesday?"

"The dark haired one?" I asked. "Yes, that's my sister."

"She was fantastic," said the lady. "So much positive energy."

She looked me up and down. "You don't look like brother and sister," she said.

I explained (yet again) that indeed she was, and that Karen was sharing a holiday with me as my wife was out of the country on business.

"That is so cool," she said. "I wish my family were more relaxed about things like that."

"Well," I said. "It's really just her and I. I am long time nudist and she just came here to try it this week."

"Really?" she turned to look at me in surprise. "Her first time? She is so cool."

"Thanks," I told her I thought my sister was 'cool' too. "Her name is Karen, and I'm Tim."

"Nice to meet you," she said and packed up her things. "See you later I hope."

I watched in the mirror as she walked away. She was not at all my type, but I had to admire her physique. She was one of those people who are neither large nor small. Her hips, bottom and breasts were all 'average' in size, but she looked incredibly fit and firm. There was no exaggeration in any part of her body but nor was there an ounce of excess fat anywhere. There was also something very 70s about her, something completely natural in her b-cup breasts and her short but well toned legs.

By the time I got to the pool, Karen was in the water swimming up and down and feeling the need for exercise, I slipped into the water and did a few laps myself.

Karen and I passed each other as we did our laps in the short pool and I, swimming faster than her, soon caught up with her until we were swimming side by side.

When we stopped at one end of the pool, draping our arms over the edge and resting, I saw the red-haired lady moving from table to table around the pool deck, leaving an A4 sized piece of pink paper on each.

Intrigued, Karen hauled herself out of the pool and after grabbing her towel to wipe her face and hair she sat down studying it.

By the time I had done a few more laps and emerged from the pool, Deb and Trev had arrived and were sitting talking to Karen. Karen handed me my towel as I approached them and went back to looking at the paper in her hand that she was showing Deb.

I sat beside her drying myself and she said: "Check this out." At the same time angling the paper for me to see.

It had Indian designs printed around the border and in the centre is simply read:

"Yoga by the River $5

All welcome - 3 pm

Bring a towel.

Clothing optional "

"Lend me $5 Bro?" Karen asked. "I've always wanted to try yoga."

"Didn't you bring ANY money?" I joked.

"Yep," she said. "But I am saving that for souvenir shopping. Are you in?"

"I am" said Deb. "I feel so lazy here, exercise would be a good idea."

"Hey," said Trev. "I give you plenty of exercise!"

"I know Babe," she laughed, patting her chubby little tummy. "I just think it would be a novel idea to exercise standing up for a change."

"We tried that too!" Trev smiled. "Remember that night in the lane behind the pub....?"

He was silenced by Deb punching his upper arm.

The day grew hotter and we passed the morning around the pool, swimming and chatting. Val and Rod joined us around 11 o'clock and shortly afterwards Mike and Miyako arrived, hot and sweating after a long walk they had taken through the bush, across the river and halfway up one of the many hills. Mike feigned exhaustion and collapsed on the pool deck like a lost Legionnaire. "Water," he moaned. "Water.."

Miyako obliged my reaching into Rod's cooler box and splashing ice-cold water down Mike's back. He retaliated by picking her up bodily and throwing her in the pool. As if in slow motion the whole crowd around the pool watched as Miyako, legs spread wide and her pussy wider open than we had ever seen, squealed with laughter and flew through the air before splashing into the water.

After all the hospitality that Val and Rod had shown us, Karen insisted that we shout them lunch and the rest of us pooled resources to put on a beautiful poolside midday meal with all the best food we could get from the restaurant and a bottle of white wine from my rapidly dwindling stocks.

Karl arrived back at the camp when we were halfway through lunch, telling us horror stories of how the road from town was impassable for those without 4x4s, and even then only for those who 'really' knew how to drive.

"Oh what a shame," said Miyako. "I'll have to stay here forever and ever."

Everyone agreed that would be no bad thing. I've noticed that attitude over and over again. Once at a Nudist camp, most people spend a lot of time talking about how they wished they never had to leave. I think I am not the only one who thinks this is the way we should always live.

Karen was trying to recruit more participants for the afternoon Yoga.

Mike and Trev, both very fit gym types declared it wasn't for them.

"Yoga," scoffed Trev. "That's not exercise. Its just a bunch of chicks stretching and bending over very slowly."

"Mmmm," sad Rod with a smile, "And your objection is...?"

"Good point," said Karl. "Count me in!"

Just then the red-haired lady appeared walking across the pool deck. Karen waved her over.

"Hi,"she said." Do we need to book or just turn up for the Yoga?"

"As long as I know I have a class I will be there. By the way, I'm Moira," the redhead lifted her right hand to us all in greeting.

We assured her there would be enough numbers for a class.

"Oh, and guys," she said. "It's clothing optional, remember that. I prefer to do yoga nude, but some people like to wear some loose fitting clothing. Yoga does tend to 'expose' one a little..."

I signed on immediately.

_

Promptly at 3pm we gathered on a grassy patch down by the river for our Yoga lesson.

Val, Rod, Karl, Deb, Miyako, Karen and I were ready for it, another half dozen people had also arrived and Moira had asked us all to find a comfortable space to spread our towels and 'find a quiet place in our mind' before we began.

Trev and Mike were still not convinced and they sat off to one side, calling encouragement to us.

Moira addressed them; "Sorry guys. I know I can't force you, but if you don't want to participate, I would really prefer it if you did not hang around watching. It will kind of inhibit the rest of the class."

Mike and Trev were no assholes. They accepted that and after telling their partners they would meet up at the pool area for happy hour, they decided to go for a run together and set off at a jog down the track.

The rest of us sat cross-legged on our towels, waiting for the lesson. We all faced the flowing river and Moira sat in a lotus pose in front of us, facing back our way.

Above us tall gum trees lined the riverbank, throwing dappled shade across the green grass we sat on. Cicadas buzzed somewhere in the trees, and the lightest of breezes swept around us, taking the edge off the heat.

I had positioned myself so that Karen was to my right, so neither of us would be too self-conscious if either one of us had to bend over in front of the other.

Val was immediately in front of me and to her right was Deb, placing her in front of Karen. Behind me sat Miyako and next to her Rod, placing him immediately behind Karen. To Karen's right sat Karl. The rest of the group was made up of people we did not know, and while some wore t-shirts and a couple of women wore panties, our group at least was totally nude.

It was my first introduction to Yoga, and it happened in the best possible circumstances -- naked and surrounded by naked friends.

Moira started us all off in 'corpse pose', which turned out to be laying on one's back with one's eyes closed, and not moving. 'I can handle this' I was thinking to myself when Moira suddenly had us up on our feet and moving quickly through a series of poses; downward dog, cobra, mountain pose, warrior - it went on and on and before I knew it I had broken a sweat. It was a lot harder physically than I had imagined, but I had ample incentive too keep me going. Ahead of me I could watch Val and Deb, going through the same routine, and every new pose brought me a new view of their bodies; their legs and bums as they stood in warrior pose, their tits pointing delightfully downward as they did 'downward dog' and joy of joys, their exposed and open pussies as they took the "triangle stance' in front of me.

I was concentrating pretty hard on the exercise; but still took the time to look around. Karen was dead serious about it, trying to gain perfection at every pose in the routine that came along. Her body was bathed in sweat and she looked in the afternoon sunlight like the very epitome of an ancient Hindu statue -- dark, buxom and graceful. Val and Deb were constantly losing their balance and giggling their way through it. Rod was at best making half-assed attempts at the poses and quite clearly concentrating more on my sister's naked body than anything else. Miyako behind me listened studiously to Moira and went through all the exercise with a grim determination, rendered touchingly cute as she lost her balance over and over again and ended up splayed on the ground with her little pussy almost winking as she laughed at her own clumsiness.

"Miss Miss!" I heard Deb say and looked around to see her with her hand raised in a schoolyard tattletale attitude. "Karl is being naughty Miss!" she giggled and pointed to where Karl, deep in a wide legged pose, was sporting a huge erection -- his ten-inch cock sticking out vertically.

Moira looked over to Karl and shaking her head turned back to Deb.

"It's only a matter of life-force," she said. "Karl is in tune with his body and his body is expressing itself. Now, I don't want to embarrass Karl, but if anyone here is uncomfortable with his.... state, I can ask him to cover up or leave...anyone?"

Nobody complained and Karl was allowed to continue the class with his cock hard and waving in front of him.

Even though I had thought the safest place to be in the class was next to Karen rather than before or behind her, when we drew close to the end of the session Moira called "Pair up with the person to your right!" and I found myself sitting cross-legged in front of my sister. Karen was really into the Yoga by now and when Moira took us through a few more exercises involving holding each others hands and 'saluting the energy of the universe together' Karen did it without the least trace of irony or amusement.

They last exercise we did at Moira's instruction was to sit opposite each other, eyes closed, and rub our own hands together vigorously to create heat and energy and then to share that 'cosmic' energy with our partner by placing our palms on their body. The first time we were to place our warmed palms on our partner's chest, and as I placed my hands on the top of Karen's boobs, her own hands felt for me and cupped my pecs, her palms firmly across my nipples. The second 'energy sharing' was the same thing but this time we were instructed to rest each others warm palms on our partners thighs. As we were facing each other, my hands, being on the outside, rested on and warmed the outside of Karen's thighs, whereas her palms, being on the inside of my arms, gripped the inside of my thighs. The last phase of this had Karen and I warming each other's backs with our palms, bringing her boobs firmly into contact with me and my cock poking into her thigh.

By the time the exercise was over and Moira asked us all to lie down on our backs and close our eyes for the final meditation I, like Karl, had a full erection.

Moira's soothing voice came to us in the dark, telling us to let all cares go and to find our 'quiet place' within. I was concentrating on getting my cock to go down when I noticed her voice was right beside me.

"Let your head relax," she said to the class. "Feel it rest upon the mother earth." And at the same time her hands ran over my forehead and face in a caress.

"Keeping your eyes closes, feel your breathing and your torso quieten," she continued with the lesson, and I felt her hands run over my chest and down my stomach.

"Your legs are relaxed and complete," she said to my fellow classmates, and I felt her fingers flutter up and down my legs, brush over my balls and come to rest on my erect cock."

"Take this time to be yourself and connect with the universe," she told the class, and gently and slowly wanked my cock.

We stayed that way for a minute or so, and I was dying to open my eyes and see what else was going on when Moira whispered in my ear; "They are all relaxed, they can't see you."

She kept talking to all the others, but all the time she was feeling and fondling my cock and balls. She put her mouth close my ear, so close I could feel her breath warming my cheek.

"You have the most beautiful cock I have ever seen," she said. "If your wife, I mean your sister agrees, I would love to use in my Tantric class."

She left me and went back to her towel at the head of the class, and after talking to us all for a minute about how well we had all done at Yoga, she had us open our eyes, sit cross legged and say 'Namaste ' to officially end the session.

We all opened our eyes and came back to life, and from the looks on the faces around me we were all feeling fantastic. True, Karl and I had hardons, but even he and I shared the same relaxed and peaceful expressions as our fellow yoga novices.

Karen winked at me and intimated with her eyes that I should cover up my erect cock with my towel, and as the class broke up our little group walked back up the track in the afternoon sunlight.

"That was great," said Rod, "But I do feel happy hour approaching!"

-

Being a Friday night the pool area was at its busiest. Along with all the regulars, the weekend crowd had begun to arrive and with the music coming from the rec hall the pools and spas and surrounding deck areas were full of people.

Mike and Trev had saved what we had come to think of as 'our table' under the awning and it was a pleasure to sit with friends over a drink at the end of the day and enjoy the scene.

It was the epitome of a nudist gathering - older people, younger people, all shapes, sizes, colours and no social barriers. When nude a bank executive might be chatting to a truck driver and who can tell the difference? That slim Indian lady might be a doctor or store clerk, the man she is dancing with could be a lawyer or a mechanic -- there are no uniforms or badges and we all just interact has humans.

It was a fun good natured crowd and watching people relaxing and dancing and splashing around in the pools and spas was fun, but it was after all a crowd and after our late nights for the past two evenings, Karen told me she was not really in the mood for partying tonight.

We stayed an hour or so, until Karen suggested we go back to the cabin for dinner. I was packing up our stuff when Val and Rod said they were ready to leave too.

"Come and eat with us," said Karen. "It won't be much, but we can throw something together."

The others wanted to stay on at the pool a while so it was just the four of us who went back to our cabin. Karen and I made a meal of rice pasta and we all ate together on the porch.

We discussed the Yoga and how we all thought we would like to do it again, we talked about how we had enjoyed the movie night, and we talked a lot about everything and anything until the subject of our spouses came up.

By this time we were sitting in a close circle around the table, I was next to Val and Rod sat with Karen.

I was happy to tell them about my marriage, but Karen did not want to discuss hers so much.

"Let's just say," she said. "That my husband would never do this, and would probably never understand why I am doing it."

"Hey," said Rod. "If there is any difficulty, we certainly don't want to cause you any trouble, right Val?"

"Absolutely," Val agreed. "We always try to respect people's boundaries."

"And you have," said Karen. "Well, they were not my boundaries at the start of the week but I am sort of setting them now -- based on Tim's model." She smiled at me.

Val asked me what that might be and I explained about the 'rules' that my wife and I played by.

"Sensible" said Rod. "A shame for us - but sensible."

Karen leant over and kissed his cheek and his arm encircled her shoulder.

"It does mean however," she said. "That I can pay you back and Tim can do the same for Val.."

"Pay us back for....? Oh, no. Don't be silly." Said Val. "It's not a matter of keeping score. We did what we did because we enjoyed it."

"That's exactly why I would like to, because of your non-pushy attitude," said Karen, and she stood and took Rod's hand. "Would you like to come inside?"

The three of them went into the cabin, Val looking back at me titling her head in a question as she did. "Hadn't you better come and keep an eye on your sister?"

When I got up and followed, Val and Rod were sitting side by side on the sofa bed. Karen was kneeling on the floor before them, slowly running her hands up and down Rod's thighs.

Val sat close to Rod, her legs slightly apart and her left hand resting on her mound, as she stroked up and down her pussy lightly with her middle finger.

Karen smiled at her, looked up at me once, and then gave her full attention to Rod.

Her hands ran down his inner thighs until they met on either side of his small and still soft cock. She ran her fingers along it and gently picked it up by the head between forefinger and thumb of her left hand, running her right index finger over and around the tip. Still holding it delicately, she bent her head and her tongue darted out and licked first the tip of his cock, and then around the rim of his helmet. Her right hand moved lower to cup his balls and then she opened her mouth and swallowed his entire cock, still short and soft, closing her eyes as she did so. She stayed that way for a moment before slowly withdrawing, stretching the cock as she did, and going back down again. Rod took in a deep breath as his cock came to life in her mouth. A few more up and down movements of her head, taking him all he way into her mouth and out again and she had him rock hard. She paused for a moment and leaned back, holding the dick upright with her left hand as if admiring her handiwork, before moving forward again and licking her way from his balls all the way up to again pop him into her mouth and begin sucking him up and down in long movements, altering the pace each time.

Val was openly rubbing her own clit and biting her lip as she looked on. I had sat down between Val's open legs and was stroking her thighs. Without turning her head Karen put out her right hand to the back of my head and gently pushed my face toward Val's pussy.

I licked Val from the crease where leg meets groin all around the outside of her mound, up and down her lips, before finally spreading them open and resting a kiss on her clitoral hood. With the tip of my tongue I teased out her hardening clit and sucked it, then ran my tongue back down the length of her already very wet lips.

I looked over to Karen next to me to see her looking back at me, Rod's cock forming a bulge in her cheek as her left hand stroked the base of his shaft, pushing him deeper into her mouth. While Rod and Val were making appreciative murmurs as we did our best to please them slowly and thoroughly, Karen's eyes and mine were locked on each other in silence.

Val was dripping wet by now and I lapped at her open pussy, delighting in the aroma and taste. Karen lifted her mouth from Rod's cock to reveal the shining pre-cum that welled from purple head. Her lounge flicked out, curling around and licking it off.

I looked up once to see Val and Rod sharing a passionate deep kiss and I moved Val's left leg slightly to give me greater access to her open pussy, the bright pink inner folds and the clit that now protruded far enough for me to take it between my lips and gently suck.

Karen and I seemed to have the same approach to giving head -- to keep moving from area to area, worshipping not just the most sensitive and obvious areas, but tasting, teasing and loving every part. It was as though we were acting in unison, and when Karen held Rod's cock to one side and moved down to suck each of his balls in turn and then lick under them, I too went lower and licked and kissed my way around the bottom of Val's pussy, flicking my tongue over her perineum and asshole.

The elder couple were now writhing their hips as we pleasured them and were stroking our hair. Karen was tickling Rod's butt with her right hand and I did the same to Val.

Rod was leaking copiously and Karen, open mouthed, ran her tongue up along the underside of his shaft and swallowed it, while I drank in more of Val's juices, licking all the way along her slit till I reached her clit again and nibbled and sucked it.

When Karen took her mouth from Rod's cock again and wanked him firmly for a dozen strokes or so, I mirrored her by sliding my fingers in and out of Val in the same rhythm. Rod was beginning to moan for release and Karen and I both dived back to our respective partners' cock and pussy, sucking and licking furiously.

"Oh God, I'm cumming," said Rod and Karen pulled his cock from her mouth, resting her lips against the head as his cum pulsed out of him in short thick rivulets. It coated her pursed lips and dripped from her chin. She looked over to me and our eyes locked again as I increased my speed and pressure on Val's clit with my tongue.

It wasn't long before Val got there too and with hips quivering and her little cries of 'Nngggg," she shook in orgasm, bathing my face and chin with the juices that squirted from her.

The elder couple collapsed back breathless as Karen and I continued to stroke and pet them. Karen felt for a towel and after wiping her face she wiped Rod clean, massaging his cock and kissing the tip of it as it dwindled. Val reached down and rubbed my chin, smearing her wetness over me and smiling.

We were all silent for a moment until Karen said; "My goodness, what a mess we have made!" and dabbed at my wet face with her towel.

"You guys are amazing," said Rod.

"Mmm," Val stretched over to kiss Karen's forehead. "Quite a team."

Rod bent over to kiss her too and Val turned her attention to me. With Karen and I up on our knees, our guests on the sofa, we shared a long and tender kiss with them until Karen broke away and ran to the kitchen for a bottle and poured us all a glass of wine.

We sat together on the sofa bed, Karen and I on each side of the couple, and shared the wine. Karen was still idly playing with Rod's soft penis while Val ran her fingernails up and down my erection. Rod had an arm around Karen and was holding one breast, his fingers scraping gently over her dark nipple.

"It's still early," said Val. "Anyone have any idea as to what we should do next?"

While we all considered the question we heard Trev's voice calling us from outside.

We picked up our glasses and went put to the porch.

Trev and Deb, Mike and Miyako were standing just beyond out porch rail, arm in arm.

"Come on, you homebodies!" smiled Mike. "The night is young -- and there is going to be a bonfire down by the river."

....to be continued

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 09
byOzsunlover©

This is the ninth part of a story of how a sister was introduced to Nudism and more. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is sometimes sexual, sometimes not, and involves people who are not just sexual partners but also friends.





It was just after 9 at night when Karen and I, with our new-found nudist friends, walked through the camp down to the river for the bonfire on the beach. Mike and Miyako -having a torch - took the lead, then came Trev and Deb carrying a large cooler between them. Karen and I came next with the picnic rugs and bringing up the rear were Val and Rod.

It was a bright moonlit night and the Milky Way curved above us like scattered diamonds. Deb’s round bottom wiggled deliciously in front of me as we walked and I held Karen’s hand in mine.
We walked past the campgrounds and through the darkness of the trees until we saw the fire blazing ahead of us. On a small sandy beach a dozen or so people were sitting or dancing slowly around a good sized fire. The fire reflected on their naked skin, making them all glow a golden colour. Someone had brought along a small sound system and the music was filling the night air - laid back instrumental music that people could either dance slowly to or sit and sway on their picnic rugs.

We were welcomed with a chorus of ‘Hello’s. Three couples sat in a semi-circle around the fire, while others dancing in time in the middle of the circle. On our side of the fire, Moira the yoga teaching was dancing with old Karl and next to them was a very young guy.

Of all the people there only he looked at all self-conscious about his nudity – it was pretty clear he was a first timer. His slender arms and legs were well tanned, but his torso was lily white. He had the look of the newcomer – someone desperately wanting to look around and take in the sights of all the naked people but trying so hard not to be seen be looking.

Moira was not helping as she swayed in front of him, arms raised to the sky and her hips gyrating slowly. Being the ‘free spirit’ that she was I think it never even occurred to her the effect she was having on this 19 year old boy, who had most probably never been so close to a naked woman before.

“Oh the poor thing,” Karen whispered to me as we spread our blanket and sat down.“He looks almost scared! Little first time nudey.”
“It was only a few days ago that you were a newbie,” I laughed.
“Exactly,” she said. “I know what he is going through.”
Mike and Miyako jumped up and joined the dance while the rest of us sat on and watched. Miyako gave the young guy her ingenuous smile and said "Hi", causing him to shyly say hello to her and her husband and make a bigger effort to focus his gaze anywhere but on nude a person.


Across the other side of the fire a dark skinned couple were dancing side by side, and they held my attention for a long time. They seemed to be of Indian heritage, the woman wore a bindi on her forehead and bracelets on her wrists. Her skin was an incredibly beautiful copper colour; her breasts were pendulous with very dark nipples pointing down and bouncing from side to side as she moved. Her pubic hair was thick and dark, and the lines of her thighs and bottom looked heavy but firm. Her partner was much taller than her and when they danced closer together I noticed that his thick dark penis was almost level with the bottom of her breasts.

Behind them a couple in their early thirties, both blond and slim, sat cross-legged, the man behind the woman as he massaged her shoulders. Next to them sat a slightly older couple, sharing what looked like a can of Bourbon and Cola, their knees drawn up and staring into the fire.

Deb and Trev got up to join the dancing and people were beginning to talk more freely and the “Whoo-hoo”, called by Deb as she ran her hands over her husband, was soon imitated by all the other dancers.

Karl was dancing behind Moira with his hands on her hips. Occasionally he would run both hands up and down her torso, almost but not quite fondling the sides of her breasts. If she noticed it at all she did not show it. She continued to sway with her eyes closed and her hands tracing complicated movements in the air

The young guy danced between them and Mike and Miyako and as much as he made and effort to enjoy the moment, he did look to us somewhat lonely.

“You should give him some company,” Rod said to Val.
“Oh, no,” laughed Val. “I am wayyy to old for him.”
“I meant ‘dance’,” said Rod with a smile. “What on earth were YOU thinking?”
“I will,” said Karen, and she stood up and began dancing at the edge of our blanket.

I had to admire her style. She danced for a minute or so, slowly moving toward the fire and paying no particular attention to anyone as she did. She spread her arms wide and, shaking shoulders and hips in time with the music, gradually moved closer to the young guy. When she was finally next to him she looked at him as if she had only just noticed his presence, and with an open palmed gesture invited him to be her dance partner.
They danced face to face, not touching each other, and I soon saw that Karen was chatting to him and the tension in his face seemed to melt away.

I was very proud of her at that moment – she had seen someone who was obviously nervous and feeling alone, and she had reached out and in an instant made his night a better one.

Trev and Deb danced nearby in a little circle with Mike and Miyako. They soon switched and danced with each others' partners. It seemed these four had become firm friends since they had made love side by side at the movie night. They were now a little group within our group. Deb and Mike got on very well, and it was clear that Miyako was fascinated by Trev’s physique. I felt a momentary pang of envy as she devoured him with her eyes, but it soon passed. We can’t all be perfect physical specimens, and we all - men and women - have our own individual tastes when it comes to attraction.

I looked around at all the women dancing as objectively as I could and could not help but think my sister was the most attractive of them all.
“Penny for your thoughts?” asked Val.
“Mmm?”
“You looked a million miles away,” she smiled. “What were you thinking?”
“It will sound weird,” I said. “But I was just thinking that Karen is the most beautiful woman dancing here tonight.”
“She is gorgeous,” said Val. “It’s not weird to acknowledge that.”

I looked back to Karen, and it wasn’t just the physical I was talking about. Some might say she could lose a few pounds, or that her breasts sagged just a little, or that even her face, with its button nose and round cheekbones, was not ‘classically’ beautiful. But beauty is more than that - it’s a combination of looks, and poise and grace and something that shines from within saying ‘I am good person’.

I laughed at myself and Val and Rod looked at me quizzically
“What’s so funny?” they asked.
“I was just thinking,” I said. “That after one Yoga lesson I am starting to even talk like Moira.” And I explained my thoughts on Karen’s ‘inner beauty’.
“Nothing ‘new- age’ about that,” said Val. “I happen to totally agree with you. By the way, I noticed that Moira was quite taken with you at the yoga lesson.”
“Oh?”
“Oh, yes,” she smiled. “When we all had our eyes closed – I peeped. She was looking at you as though she’d eat you!”
I laughed. “You peeped? I’ll tell Moira on you – then you’ll be banned from yoga.”

I looked over to where Moira danced. With her flaming red unruly hair and her thick pussy thatch the same colour, she looked almost wild in the firelight, like some priestess from a long lost civilization, and the cynic in me learned a lesson. People like Moira might have different beliefs to me, but it’s all a part of the freedom of Nudism and my love of living nude in the bush was not after all so different from Moira’s New-Age philosophies.

Karl still danced behind her. Old frisky, harmless Karl - and again he was shamelessly sporting his ten-inch erection. Perhaps it was his age, or the sheer size of his penis, but I had begun to realize that most people tolerated his frequent erections, as long as it was not in the main area of the camp. His dark cock with the huge purple head stood out perfectly vertically from his body, and as he danced it bumped and slid across Moira’s right hip. Again Moira danced on as if oblivious but I saw the young guy dancing with Karen look across at Karl’s dick with something approaching shock on his face.

Karen followed his gaze and with a shrug and a laugh she drew the young guy’s attention back to herself. From where I sat I could see that his cock had began to swell at little and I wondered if he was trying hard to keep it down.

Across the fire I notice the massaging couple had switched places. The woman was now up on her knees behind her man massaging his shoulders as he sat cross-legged in front of her. They were both slick with oil and her breasts rolled and rubbed across his back as she worked on him. He too seemed to have a hard-on, but they both ignored it.

The dark skinned couple was now dancing slowly with their arms around each other. They did their best to hide it but his thick dark cock was also erect, and almost a match for Karl’s. It nestled against his wife’s tummy, and her swaying breast grazed it as they danced.


Miyako still danced coyly with Trev, but Deb had fewer inhibitions and was happily bumping and grinding with Mike, and shaking her boobs in front of his eyes with a giggle. Mike for his part was enjoying himself by pretending to smack her bum, although each smack ended with him grabbing a handful of Deb’s buttock and giving it a squeeze, at which Deb would let out another ‘Whoo-hoo!”

Val wanted to join the dancing but Rod was content to sit it out, so she dragged me upright and soon we were moving with the others. Val had a way of dipping her body, bending her knees and very discretely sliding her pussy up my thigh as we danced. I could feel the wetness of her soft full pussy lips all the way up my thigh. I whispered to her, ”My God, you are so wet. What brought that on?”
“You did silly,” she whispered back. “Don’t you realize yet how attractive you are?”
In truth I didn’t. I had always thought of myself as perfectly average, and I was not used to compliments like that. Those words were almost more of a turn on than Val’s soft bald pussy on my leg.

Next to us Moira opened her eyes and smiled at us. As if for the first time she looked down and saw Karl’s hard cock nestled against her hip. She looked neither pleased nor shocked, but she reached down and wiped away a long string of pre-cum that was hanging from the tip of his cock and told him she admired his energy.
“But,” she said. “I have to be clear – I am not here to find a lover.”
“Nor I,” smiled Karl. “I am just a harmless old man, admiring your beauty.”
That seemed to please Moira and she ran her hands up her body, cupping her breasts before raising her arms in the air again, enjoying her own nudity and her supple body as she danced.

Across the fire I saw the couple that had been drinking Bourbon had changed their position. The wife now lay back in her husband’s arms, her legs spread wide and her pussy open and pointed at the massaging couple. From behind her husband was reaching around to fondle one breast as his other hand spread her open and tickled her clit. The massaging couple looked on with interest, the woman still rubbing her man’s shoulders as he played with his fully erect cock, pulling at it and pointing it toward the other woman.

Miyako was now dancing in Trev’s arms. He bent to try and kiss her but she turned her head and the kiss landed innocently on her cheek.
Mike and Deb had no qualms about kissing each other on the mouth, although they were more like friendly pecks than anything deep and passionate.


The dark skinned couple ended their dance and stood apart. The husband ran his hand down her belly and his fingers disappeared into her thick full bush. She took his hard cock in her hand and led him away. They went beyond the glow of the fire into the darkness below the trees, apart from us but still close enough to see us, or to be seen if we looked hard enough. In the shadows I saw her kneel before him and although it was too dark to see exactly what she did, it was clear that her head was bobbing up and down, and she was sucking her husband’s long dark cock.

Karen was still dancing with the young guy, but now they had moved closer together and her arms were around him. The music was slower now and all the couples seemed to be locked together in embraces. Karl hugged Moira from behind, Trev had his hands firmly on Miyako’s little bum, Deb and Mike were openly running their hands all over each others' bodies, and Val pulled me into a warm hug and kissed me.
“Mmm,” she said. “You face still tastes like pussy – my pussy.” And she licked up and down my cheek.
Rod stood and joined us in the dance and we swayed for a while in a three-way hug, with Val sighing at the four hands that now caressed her.

I looked over and saw Karen whispering into the young guy’s ear. Her right hand was tucked down between both their tummies and I could see her elbow subtly moving up and down. The next moment I saw his body tense and his hips buck two or three times.

No one else was watching but I saw them disengage and walk quickly to our blanket. He sat down as if exhausted and Karen bent to pick up her towel. She looked over and saw me staring at her. She gave her little shrug and moved the towel to her stomach, wiping away a thick smear of cum that glistened around her belly button.

Val and Rod were now intent on each other, so when Karen gestured me over I was happy to leave them and go and sit with her and her dance partner.
“Brian, this is my brother Tim,” she said by way of introduction.

He looked at me guiltily but I shook his hand with as friendly a smile as I could.
I wanted to ask Karen about her wanking him off, but what was there to say? He had obviously gotten too excited and she had helped him out. I had learned recently that my sister would do something like that out of pure kindness, and who was I to stop her?

We sat together watching the dancers, while we spoke to Brian and he told us how he had always wanted to try Nudism and had this weekend bitten the bullet and come alone with a small tent for his first ever openly nude adventure.
“Never tried a nude beach?” I asked.
“No,” he said. “I know where they are, but they just don't seem to be the place for me - being single and all.”
“I have never been to a beach either,” said Karen. “Perhaps I should try that next.”
“Is this your first time nude?” Brian looked surprised.
“Yes,” Karen smiled. “First time this week.”
“Wow,” he said. “You seem so … comfortable with it.”
“It really doesn’t take too long,” she said. “You’ll see – you will soon get used to it.”
“I hope so. Today was hard for me, but I feel…really good now.”
Karen gave me a warning look, but I had no desire to embarrass the guy. I too had once been a teenager trying out Nudism for the first time. And a big part of me was glad for him that he had been lucky enough to meet someone like Karen on his very first day.

We sat and watched the dancers and Karen poured us all a glass of wine (my last bottle, I noted) while Brian told us about his first day. He had arrived at the camp in the early afternoon, having told his parents he was going for a weekend’s fishing. He had made his camp, got naked, and spent the rest of the day alone sitting by his tent, too shy to go up to the main pool area, even at happy hour. It had been Moira that, walking by in the evening, had invited him to come to the bonfire. Unsure of the protocol he had simply danced alone until Karen had moved to talk and dance with him, and as he told the story I saw puppy-dog like gratitude in his eyes for my sister.

“Well, if you feel shy or lonely at the pool, you just look for us,” said Karen. “Tim is a regular here and we’ll take care of you if you have any trouble.”

I looked on amazed. Five minutes ago she had been jerking his young cock to orgasm, now she was fussing over him like a mother hen.
Karen had a son who was actually just three years older than this guy, and I found it hard to reconcile her motherly solicitude with the memory of his sperm clinging to her tummy.

The fire was dying down and the dancers were becoming more languid. The dark-skinned couple had emerged sheepishly from the shadows and were now standing with their arms around each others' waists as they watched the two couples sitting on the far side of the fire. The massaging woman was now slowly wanking her husband’s cock, which she pointed directly at the pussy of the woman that sat opposite them. The other husband in turn held his wife’s pussy open and finger fucked her for them.

We could not see clearly from where we were, but the three of us looked on and it was apparent when both the woman and the man came, almost at the same time, and their spouses bent over to kiss them.

Both couples relaxed and began a conversation. The dark skinned couple paused to say something to them before gathering up their stuff and walking off into the night.

Brian looked on wide-eyed.
“Does that sort of thing happen a lot?” he asked.
“No, not a LOT,” I said. “But it happens. If you’ll take my advice…”
“Yes?” he seemed to be preparing himself for a lecture.
“If it happens, enjoy it,” I told him. “But don’t wander around the camp like a horny dog looking for it. People won’t appreciate that, and you’ll find yourself asked to leave.”
“Oh, leave him alone,” said Karen.
“No I won’t, I swear,” Brian said. “I had no idea that anything like that might happen. I really just came here to try Nudism. The rest is just a …bonus.”
“That’s the spirit,” I clapped him on the shoulder. “You keep that attitude and you’ll be fine.”

Our friends finished dancing and came and sat with us. We introduced them all to Brian and although every man but he and I now had major hard-ons going, no one made mention of them and we all shared another drink and sat on looking into the coals of the dwindling fire.

Moira and Karl came and sat with us. Moira sat close to me in an upright cross-legged pose. She flicked her hand out and rubbed my left shoulder in a friendly manner, asking me if the yoga today had helped.
“Helped?” I asked. ”Yeah, I felt great after it!”
“Good,” she said. “I can sense a lot of unreleased energy in you. We’ll try to work that out next lesson.”
I thought I had an idea what she was hinting at, and I looked around to see Deb smirking at me.
“Oh, Tim has energy alright,” Deb said. “And no where to put it.”
Val and Karen shushed her, and she said sorry to Moira.
“No, it’s fine,” said Moira. “I know exactly what you mean. I am planning a special class in the bush for Sunday - I will put out a flier tomorrow and I hope you can all make it.”


We doused the fire a little later and gathered up our belongings for the walk home. Moira had her own personal cabin somewhere up the hill and soon left us. We left Brian at his little tent and when Miyako declared herself to be too sleepy, she and Mike said goodnight and disappeared into their own tent.
We walked back through the main camp and Deb and Trev peeled off and headed for their cabin.
Rod invited us to their place for a nightcap but only Karl took him up on the offer.
Karen was tired, and we decided to call it a night.
We hugged our friends goodnight and strolled back through the starlit night to our own cabin.

“Home sweet home,” said Karen, flopping down on the sofa bed. “I’m too tired to even bother with a shower.”
I made a cup of hot chocolate for us both and sat with her on the sofa.
Karen was more relaxed than ever before and let her legs fall open as she leaned back, not caring that her pussy was on full display to me.

“Did you have a nice day?” she asked.
“Yes. Yes I did. And you?”
“Wonderful,” she purred. “It was a beautiful day.”

I sat reflecting on all that had happened today.
“You don’t mind what I did with Brian do you?” she asked.
“No,” I said. “You surprise me a lot these days – but I am never upset by it.”
“The poor young guy,” she explained. “He was mortified to have an erection, so I just – helped him get rid of it.”
“Good Samaritan you,” I smiled. “Altruistic eh?”
“Pretty much,” she said. “But he is kind of cute, so that helped. And he came in about 20 seconds – poor thing.”
“Well, don’t blame me if he falls in love and follows you around like a moon-calf,” I laughed.
“Oh, you can talk!” she punched my chest.
“Me? What did I do?”
“Ha!” she came closer and ruffled my hair. “It’s not enough that Val drools over you, now that redhead Moira has got the hots for you as well!”
“Says who?” I asked.
“Val and I both peeped at the end of the yoga session,” she said. “I saw her giving you a good old feel-up, and I saw here whispering in your ear.” She was squeezing my cheeks now and giggling.
“By the way,” she said. “What was Moira saying to you?”
“You’d never believe it, and I am too modest to repeat it.” I said.
“Oh! Now you HAVE to tell me. You can’t leave that hanging.”
“If you must know,” I said. “She said something a little strange. She said I have the most beautiful penis she ever saw.”
Karen’s eyes dropped to my groin.
“Yes,” she said matter-of-factly. “...I can understand that.”
“What?”
“I told you before,” she said, looking at my dick with her head to one side. “Penises are very individual. And yours just happens to be very aesthetically pleasing. It’s very smooth, it’s a good size and shape, all its parts are in nice proportion to each other, and it’s a nice colour.”
“I’d never considered any of those things before,” I said. “I just assumed it was all about ….well, size.”
“Oh, you are OK in that department,” she laughed.
“Not compared to Karl.”
“Karl is off the graph.” She said. “But let me tell you, I don’t think there are many women who would want to make love to him. There is such a thing as too much of a good thing!”

We finished the hot chocolate and I took the cups and dumped them in the sink.
Karen lay back on the sofa bed and said “Ouch!”
“What’s the matter?”I asked.
“How do you sleep on this thing?” she asked.“It’s like cement!”
“Ahh, it’s ok,” I said. “I’m pretty tough.”
“No,” she said. “It’s your holiday and I am making you sleep on this old thing. I feel guilty.”
“Wanna swap?” I smiled.
“No,” she stood up and walked to the bedroom. “But there is plenty of room in the bed for both of us.”
I hesitated.
“Oh come on!” she laughed. “I’m sure we can share a bed after all these years. I’m sure we can trust each other.”


We switched off the lights and made our way into the bed in the darkness.
We lay side by side, not touching, and talking about what we would to tomorrow.
I was just telling Karen that I might take a drive into town for more supplies when she said. “A lot happened today.”
“Yep.”
“And YOU didn’t get to come!” she giggled. “Do you need your tissues?”
“I’ll be OK,” I said.
“I won’t,” she said. “I need something to help me get to sleep.” And in the darkness I heard her hand move down under the covers and a rustling noise, followed by the definite sound of her fingers on her wet pussy.
“Are you..?? “ I asked.
“Shhh,” she said. “I am. You should too.”
I reached under the covers and gripped my hardening cock. I began to stroke myself, firmly and slowly, while beside me she opened her legs further and I could hear her wetness as she rubbed herself.

Minutes passed by. All was silent except for the sounds of our masturbation and our quickening breath.

Karen’s knee was gently resting on my thigh, but we made no other contact. I felt her other hand moving and realized she was squeezing and fondling her own breasts. I reached down with my free hand and cupped and rubbed my balls, jacking my cock harder and faster.

Karen was beginning to squirm a little and her voice sounded unfamiliar as she said to me in a hoarse whisper.
“Tim?”
“Yeah?”
“Are you close?”
“Yes I am,” I was beating my cock furiously now, and I could hear her hands moving faster.
“Me too,” she whispered.

She rolled her head and it came to rest on my shoulder. We stayed that way as we both continued to pleasure ourselves silently in the dark.

She drew in a deep breath and moaned “Now,” and I felt her body convulse beside me.
After half a dozen more frantic strokes I felt myself coming too, and under the sheet the warm semen flooded out of my cock and covered my stomach. The exhilaration of the orgasm subsided slowly and I felt drained and sleepy.
Beside me Karen stopped moving and let out a deep sigh. She rolled onto her side and kissed my cheek.
“That was very naughty,” she whispered. “But nice. Goodnight.”
She rolled away from me and was asleep almost instantly.
I wiped up the sperm with the sheet as best I could before I turned on my side too and we slept back to back.

…to be continued

Sister's Introduction to Nudism Ch. 10
byOzsunlover©

This is the tenth part of a story of how a sister was introduced to Nudism and more. It is best to read each chapter in sequence. It's a slow moving tale. It is sometimes sexual, sometimes not, and involves people who are not just sexual partners but also friends. It borders on an adult incestual relationship and if such things are offensive to you I suggest you do not read.

*

Saturday

I was awoken Saturday morning by my sister Karen tugging the bed covers off me. I rolled over and, looking at the bedroom clock, realized it was just after 7a.m.

"Up you get," she was saying. "I want to get these sheets in the wash."

I crawled out of bed and she rolled the sheets into a ball and carried them to the main room of the cabin. No mention was made of the fact that we had shared the bed the night before and that side-by-side in the darkness we had both masturbated.

Karen bundled up the sheets and a couple of towels and walked out the front door, calling over her shoulder, "I won't be long. And don't worry about breakfast -- I have had mine already."

I watched her walk up the track to the laundry block, naked save for a blue baseball cap and sunglasses, and was entranced by her total conversion to nudism. Gone was any trace at all of self-consciousness - her olive-skinned bottom rolled and flexed as she walked and I even saw her run her hand over her pussy mound as she went, inspecting the newly shaven areas as though determining if she needed the razor there again yet.

I had a quick bite for breakfast and grabbed a shower and a shave before Karen was back. She found me sitting on the porch with a cup of tea and a cigarette.

"You really will have to give those up," she said. She heartily disapproved of my occasional smoking -- all my other sins she seemed fine with.

The sun was up and although it wasn't the purest of blue skies, the day promised to be a fine one. Karen cocked one leg up on the chair she sat on and rubbed her palm over her pussy area.

"Can I borrow your razor again?" she asked.

"If you can wait," I said. " I'm going to take a drive into town for more supplies. I'll buy you your own."

"Oh," she pouted. "Must we go to town? It'll spoil my holiday mood."

"You can stay behind," I smiled. "But I need to do some shopping. We seem to have exhausted the wine supply already!"

"Sorry about that," she said. "But it IS a holiday. Anyway if you go, I'll come too. I'd be lonely here without you."

With all the new friends she had made in the last five days, I doubted that. But I'd be glad of her company on the slow drive to town.

"But we should go early and get it over with," she said. "Let me just go and hang out the laundry and we can move."

I tidied up the cabin when she went and then I threw on a t-shirt and a pair of shorts, grabbed wallet and keys, and backed the car out ready to leave.

I was sitting in the driver's seat listening to the news on the radio when Karen opened the door and sat in the passenger side.

"Ready when you are," she said, reaching for her seatbelt.

"Haven't you forgotten something?" I laughed.

She looked down and realized she was still stark naked.

"Oh my God," she giggled. "How silly -- I didn't even think of it."

"You, my dear sister," I said. "Are now an official nudist."

Which was true. A textile could never be comfortable enough in her skin to actually forget she was naked.

She ran inside and was soon back in the car wearing her loose sky-blue top and a pair of denim cut-offs. She had brought her make-up kit with her and flipped down the sun visor and began doing her face in the small mirror before saying, "Oh, we have to swing by the campground on the way out."

"Why?"

"I bumped into Miyako and Mike at the shower block," she said. "They are coming to town with us."

"OK," I said. "As long as Mike puts in some petrol money."

"Ha," she slapped my upper arm. "Don't you dare ask him. Last of the big spenders, you are!"

I made no more fuss about it. I had budgeted plenty of money for this holiday -- and after all, a nudist holiday is never really very expensive -- we don't tend to go to a lot of tourist attractions - or buy souvenirs.

Mike and Miyako were standing by their tent when we got there. Mike, like myself, was in shorts and t-shirt. Miyako wore a white shirt that clearly showed her bra-less state, her dark nipples poking out through the fabric. Below she wore a black mini-skirt and as she hopped into the back seat I caught a glimpse that showed she had decided to come without panties today.

As we drove through the resort and out the gate, Karen was leaning over the front seat talking to our friends in the back.

"You're lucky," she said to Miyako. "To be able to go without a bra." She cupped her own breasts. "These things have a mind of their own if I don't wear one."

"But," said Mike. "You've been walking around without one for days!"

"That's different," said Karen. "That's amongst nudists -- I don't want to be shocking the people in town."

"Up to you," said Miyako. "But no one there will know who I am. And I would rather be comfortable in my dress."

Karen thought about it for a while as we bumped along up the dirt track. Then she did that thing that women do that I am sure all men consider to be some kind of magic trick. Without removing her shirt she undid her bra and drew it out through her sleeve.

"Ahh," she sighed. "That's much better." She stuffed the bra in the glove compartment and leaned back in her seat.

Her breasts moved and bounced under her shirt when the road was particularly bumpy, but apart from that her new look was not all that revealing -- until we passed from the shadow of some trees into the full sunlight and I noticed that the thin blue top was somewhat see-through, and if the light caught it at the correct angle the curve of her large breasts and her dark aureoles where nicely visible in profile.

It was a good hour's drive to the small town and we spent the time listening to music and discussing what we might do back at the camp in the afternoon.

Weekends were always busier at the resort, and while it didn't bother Mike or I, Miyako had decided that she preferred it a little less crowded.

"I like it better when it is just us," she said. "With so many people around the pool is too crowded. We should try and find a new spot to hang out."

I told them of a spot on the river I knew where the shallow rapids formed a 'natural spa' and they resolved to try it that day.

We arrived in town and pulled into the supermarket. We wandered around the aisles collecting this and that, a very normal shopping trip until Miyako bent low at a shelf to pick up some tinned food, exposing her ass and the smooth slit of her tiny pussy as she did so.

A young store clerk was stacking shelves a few yards away and his jaw dropped as he caught sight of her nakedness.

She straightened up; not realizing what had happened before Mike took her elbow and hustled her down the aisle a little.

"Baby," he whispered. "You just gave that young guy the thrill of his life!"

"Oops," she giggled. "I forgot." She reached down and tugged her skirt a little lower. "Are you mad?"

"Hell, no." smiled Mike. "I think it's great that other guys can get a peek at what they are missing."

Miyako spent the next twenty minutes giving guys 'a peek'. Karen, Mike and I pretended nothing was going on as Miyako, with her innocent face, bent over in front of store clerks, squatted in the aisles with her legs half open and her pussy on display pretending to be absorbed in reading the instructions on food labels, and bent deep over a freezer cabinet exposing her small firm ass to anyone who was lucky and quick enough to catch a glimpse.

Her crowning moment came when she walked up to an older store clerk and asked him if he could pick up a heavy bag of rice from the bottom shelf for her. As he knelt down she stood close by his shoulder, her bare vagina inches from his face under her skirt.

He had one eye on the job and one on her as he passed the bag up to her. She took it in her arms and, exaggerating the weight, she squatted down to get a firmer grip on it. Not only did it ensure that her pussy was fully visible, the bag of rice bunched up her shirt and it rode up, exposing one small breast and a nipple to him.

She acted as though she had no idea what was happening and walked quickly to our shopping cart, leaving her brown nipple open to the air until she dumped the heavy bag into the bottom of the cart. Only then did she look surprised and quickly pulled her shirt down, looking around as if checking that no one had seen.

She was trying to control her giggles as we hurried to the checkout.

After paying and bagging our groceries we walked out to the car.

"The funny things is," said Mike. "We didn't even need any rice!"

Next stop was the liquor store and although Miyako did not repeat her performance, she and Karen spent the time their leaning on the counter chatting to the clerk while Mike and I gathered our purchases. Miyako's large hard nipples were straining against her white shirt and my sister's larger breasts were bunched up atop her folded arms, almost spilling out of her top as she leaned forward.

The store clerk also leaned on the counter. He was chatting to them about local scenic attractions, but his eyes were gliding back and forth between the two contrasting but equally lovely sets of breasts that were almost on display for him.

Just as Mike and I were approaching the counter I saw Karen reach over her chest with her left hand to scratch idly at the top of her right arm. As she did so, her blouse opened a little wider and for a millisecond her nipple flashed into view.

I had no idea whether it was an accident or by design and when I placed my order on the counter and said, "Everything OK?" Karen only looked at me mildly and stood up to let the clerk do his job. I checked the receipt on the way out and noticed we had been given a substantial discount, which I pointed out to my sister. She turned and waved to the clerk and said, "See you next time!"

After a stop at a newsagents for some magazines and papers, we decided we were all keen to get back to camp and enjoy the good weather.

"Besides," said Karen. "If we stay in town much longer, Miyako will cause a riot."

"You can talk!" I smiled as we drove out of town. "That liquor store guy won't forget you in a hurry."

"You are STILL such a prude," she laughed at me.

"No, I am not!" I said. "But...a time and place for everything."

"I didn't see anyone complaining," said Miyako with a chuckle.

"Another interesting aspect of nudity for my research," said Karen, harking back to her promised essay on her nudist holiday. "Very, very few people will complain about a woman flashing herself in public, but I am pretty sure you guys would be arrested if you did. Why is that?"

"It's the law," I explained. "The male genitals are considered by law to be indecent -- it's quite simply a criminal offence."

"Wrong again," laughed Karen. "The same law applies to women. Moreover, it applies to women's breasts in most circumstances -- outside of beaches and breastfeeding -- and even sometimes then."

"I'll tell you why," said Mike from the backseat. "It's because women are more attractive -- simple as that."

"Not to other women," I argued.

"No, even to other women," said Miyako. "We are less hung up than you guys about that -- we can admire a woman's beauty without thinking we are gay."

"I think there are two reasons," said Karen. "One: The media and all of our culture conditions us to seeing images of at least semi-naked women, so our bodies are more acceptable than men's. So even women are less likely to complain about it."

"Plenty of women complain about sexist billboards and adverts," I countered.

"Yes," Karen said thoughtfully, still developing her argument. "And I would too -- IF they were sexist. But look at our women's magazines. We have no problem with women looking sexy, as long as the women are in control -- that is more about power than our response to nudity."

"OK," I said. "And reason number two for the lack of complaints?"

"Simple," she laughed. "Men are all horny bastards and none of them are ever going to complain about seeing a woman exposing herself."

"That still doesn't cover the general attitude toward men flashing," I said.

"Refer back to point two," said Karen. "Men are all horny bastards. If a man is exposing himself in a supermarket, it's because he is getting off on it. And women don't like that sort of sexual aggression."

"So women don't get off on flashing?' I asked. "Your argument is a little unsound methinks. Let's ask Miyako."

Miyako explained that while she enjoyed the feeling of doing something 'naughty' and giving others a little thrill, she did not think of herself as anything like the classic dirty old man in a raincoat flashing his willy at unsuspecting passers-by. It was all just a bit of fun for her.

"I see," said Mike. "Women can flash and do whatever they like and that is just fun, but men are sick perverts if they do the same?"

"Yes!" Karen laughed. "Sucks to be you! Never mind -- you guys still own about ninety percent of the world -- so stop complaining."

We drove on down the country road chatting and joking with each other. Karen is the sort of person who would never let a debate turn nasty, but she does love to hear other people's views.

The road passed a long low valley with spectacular views of distant blue mountains and Miyako asked if we could stop for a photo.

We found a convenient bend in the road and pulled over. There was a fence railing by the side of the road and beyond that stretched miles of bush -- thickly treed valleys and hills that grew more and more hazy until they reached a long plateau of deep blue mountain ranges.

Mike and Miyako stood arm in arm be the fence while I took their camera and snapped a few shots of them.

"One for the private album!" said Mike, and Miyako responded by lifting the front of her short skirt and showing her hairless pussy.

On the next shot she let kept her skirt held up and with her other hand lifted her shirt to expose her little cone shaped tits.

"I want one with Karen," she said, covering herself up and inviting my sister to come stand beside her.

I took a shot of them together, waving and gesturing to the scenery behind them.

Standing next to me Mike called out, "How about a flash of the goods, Karen?"

"No way," she laughed.

"I will if you will," he said.

"I will if Tim will," Karen replied.

"No can do," I said. "I'm the cameraman."

Mike went back to the fence and stood between Karen and Miyako. After a little coaxing Karen agreed to a quick photo. She pulled her top down, lifting first one and then the other boob out of its confines. Miyako pulled her shirt up again and stuck out her chest to push her little breasts forward. I got a lovely shot of both girls with Mike in the middle, arms around them both and giving the old 'two thumbs up' sign.

"Booty shot?" he asked.

Karen and Miyako turned to face the other way. Karen unzipped her cut-offs and peeled them down low enough to show the large round globes of her bum, and Miyako hitched up her skirt and -- closed-legged -- stuck out her little bottom for the camera. The both bent over the fence and I took two shots. The first as they were, the second with Mike's hands resting on each of their backsides.

We hadn't heard the vehicle coming, but just as they straightened up a farmer went by in a pickup, tooting his horn in what I assumed was appreciation.

Karen hurriedly covered herself and pretended to be absorbed in the scenery. Miyako gave the departing truck a little wave and a smile.

"Ok, smarty," Karen turned to Mike. "A deal is a deal. Drop 'em!"

If she thought Mike was going to be at all shy on the open road she was disappointed. Mike undid his shorts and dropped them around his ankles in a flash. I took photos of all three of them. The first with the clothed ladies either side of him pointing to his long cock hanging down and pretended to laugh. The next was with him holding his cock out while the girls bared their breasts either side of him. After that was all three of them baring their bums to the camera as they looked out over the valley. Next came a photo of Miyako grabbing his dick while Karen pretended to look on in shock.

We were all in hysterics by then, and when Miyako asked for one more shot, it turned out to be her kissing Mike and holding his dick tightly while Karen rubbed up against him and put her hand on his balls.

Mike was growing hard by now and suggested we get the hell off the road and back into the car.

"Dare you to drive back the rest of the way naked," Miyako challenged him.

"I will if you will!"

In answer she peeled off her clothes and walked calmly to the car. Mike kicked off his shorts and sandals and raced to the back seat of the car.

"C'mon you pikers!" he called to us from the safety of the car. "Nude road trip!"

Karen and I walked to the car, and standing each side of the car hidden from traffic by the open front doors, we shrugged and took off our clothes quickly before jumping in and resuming our trip back to the resort.

We had another ten miles to go and we all enjoyed the feeling of driving down a country road naked. Karen kept a shirt handy on the dashboard in front of her in case she had to cover up quickly but Mike and Miyako in the back seat stretched out and relaxed.

I was concentrating on the road and hadn't realized how quiet they had been until Karen looked back at them, laughed and said, "You be careful Miyako. If we hit a pot-hole you might get more than you bargained for!"

I looked back quickly to see Miyako laying across the back seat with Mike's long hard cock in her mouth.

"And YOU keep your eyes on the road, mister," Karen smiled at me.

Which I did - after making a slight adjustment to the rear view mirror.

Karen spent the next few minutes with her head turned to the back seat, watching Miyako blow her husband. From the corner of my eye I could tell she was enjoying the exhibition as she had her left hand between her legs and was quietly rubbing her clit, whispering encouragement to the couple.

"Mind my upholstery," I joked from the driver's seat.

"You heard the man, baby," said Mike breathlessly.

"Mmmm," was all Miyako replied and a minute later when I heard Mike say, "Here it comes, baby," I knew she swallowed every drop of his come without lifting her mouth from his cock.

She sat up breathing heavily and coughed a little. Karen handed her a bottle of water and she drank a large mouthful greedily before giggling, "I guess I had my lunch today!"

By the time we turned into the gate of the camp Mike had her laid out on the back seat and was kneeling beside her licking her pussy, desperately trying to get her off before we reached the main resort.

Sadly for her it wasn't to be. The dirt track grew rougher and I hit a large hole in the middle of the road, causing the car to bounce alarmingly and Mike and Miyako to fall off the seat onto the car floor, both laughing uncontrollably.

"Seatbelts," I said with a laugh. "Even nudists have to wear seatbelts."

We all straightened ourselves up and prepared to behave as we approached the main camp area.

"We'll call that a sixty-eight, Babe," Mike said to Miyako.

"What?"

"It's kinda like a sixty-nine..... except I owe you one," cackled Mike.

"You owe me way more than that," she said, squeezing his dick in mock anger.

We drove straight through the camp to their tent so they could unload their shopping. Then the four of us went up to our cabin and unpacked our stuff. It was just after one in the afternoon now, and we decided to fix a little snack and head up to the pool area to see if the rest of 'our gang' were about.

We found the rest of our group sitting by the 'our table' at the pool. Val and Rod and Deb and Trev were sitting in the shade and sharing some snacks as we approached. The pools were full of people and the surrounding decks too were crowded with sunbathers.

"Hi guys! Got your stuff," Karen beamed and distributed magazines and newspapers around our group. Nobody was that 'news hungry' but the football scores were welcome and as Val said, it was not as bad idea to check the papers -- just in case WWIII had started and we hadn't noticed.

"Another plus for Nudism," said Rod. "If the world was nude, wars would become almost impossible."

"How so?" Trev asked.

"Simple logic," smiled Rod. " No uniforms -- no one would know who to shoot at."

His logic may have been naïve, but we all applauded it.

"Oh, no one is taking care of him?" Karen suddenly said.

I followed her gaze to a small patch of pool deck, where young Brian, the newcomer we had met at the bonfire the night before, was sitting alone on his towel, reading a paperback.

Karen ran over to him, and after a few words she took his book from him and led him by the elbow over to our table.

"You all remember Brian?" she asked, finding a seat for him at the table and helping him spread his towel as he sat down shyly, accepting a drink from Rod as he did.

In a pool area containing forty or more people, none of us had bothered to notice the young guy sitting totally alone -- except Karen, and her pure good nature and concern for him was very sweet. The rest of our group was more than happy to have him join us - it was simply that we had not noticed his isolated state and Karen had. Again I was proud of my sister and her openness. Again she, the newcomer, was teaching me to be a better nudist. Well, perhaps not a better capital N Nudist, but at least a more honest and open one.

A high wind had blown away the last traces of clouds and the sun blazed down strongly over the pool area. Those not actually in the water sought the shade of the awnings and I think I had never seen the place so crowded before. Miyako asked again about the spot on the river I had mentioned and after a little discussion we all agreed to go and see it.

We collected our stuff and nine of us set off on the long walk to my hidden spa. We walked down through the campgrounds and soon left the camp behind, walking along the track that hugged the riverbank further than most of us had been before.

As leader I had the distinct disadvantage of having no feminine bums wiggling in front of me, but Karen and Miyako both walked by my side. We went deeper into the bush and the track was lined with tall gum trees and she-oaks. Rod warned everyone to keep an eye out for snakes, but all we saw along the way were small water-dragon lizards basking on the rocks and once a three foot monitor lizard that scuttled up a tree when we approached and froze there, as if assuming it was now invisible to us.

We had been walking for forty-five minutes and we were hot. Insects droned in the trees and even in the shade we could feel the heat of the sun. From the rear Deb and Trev began a chant of "are we there yet?" which was soon taken up by the rest of the group.

Luckily we arrived at 'my spot' a few minutes later. At a sharp bend in the river, the water ran through piles of rocks to create shallow rapids. From the bank where we stood, half shaded by gum trees, smooth black rocks went out from the water's edge in a ring and back again, forming a circle around twelve feet in diameter. The water within the circle was three feet deep and the riverbed here was made up of smooth round stones. The clear water gurgled between the gaps in the rocks, causing eddies and swirls within the circle. It looked for all the world like someone had actually built a large spa tub out here in the middle of nowhere.

After our long hot walk the cool water was fantastic and we were soon grouped around in the circle, feeling the sweat and the heat wash away from us.

Trev had brought a large net with him and this was filled with bottles of beer and left in middle of the circle to keep cold in the water.

Val, Rod and Karen were leaning back against the rocks with eyes closed, Miyako was happily splashing Mike, and Deb and Trev opened some beers and passed them around. Young Brian sat close to Karen, smiled a lot, but did not say much.

Trev engaged him in conversation about sport and he opened up a little, sitting higher on a rock and discussing football teams.

I sipped a beer that I shared with Karen and lay back in the cool water, watching the clear sky above. We spent a quiet hour relaxing, chatting and cooling off.

Miyako climbed out of the water to sit on a rock. She sat there open-legged, cupping her hands to splash water on herself. Brian suddenly sat lower in the water, almost up to his shoulders and Trev let out a laugh, "What's the matter, Dude? Got a boner?"

"Leave him alone!" Said Deb. "You're not exactly mister control yourself."

Trev stood up to show that his short thick cock was entirely flaccid and grinned at her.

"I could get all of you guys rock hard in a minute without even touching you," taunted Deb. "Too easy."

"Prove it," smiled Trev.

In answer Deb stood up and walked over to where Miyako sat. She took her hand, "May I?"

Miyako slid from the rock and the two of them stood in the centre of the circle. Deb put her arms around Miyako, pulling her close and sliding her hands down to her bum. Miyako laughed and did the same to Deb, and they began grinding their hips together. A few catcalls and some clapping came from the group, and then Deb took Miyako's face in her hands and kissed her long and slow on the mouth. If they were acting, they were making a damn fine job of it.

Deb lowered her head and took Miyako's nipple in her mouth. Miyako held her hand in Deb's hair and ran her hands down to fondle Deb's breast and tweak the smaller pink nipple.

The kissed a little longer, writhing together and telling each other how sexy they were. Then they separated and stood hand in hand.

"Ok," laughed Deb. "Anyone who hasn't got a hard-on now....stand up."

And nobody did.

The two girls got a huge round of applause from the rest of us and Trev, laughing more than the rest of us, growled to his wife, "Come here you."

Deb and Miyako waded across the pool to sit with their respective partners, and it was clear that both guys had their hands on their wives' pussies under the water.

We kept up the casual banter, but by the way Deb was arching her back and looping an arm around his shoulder, we could tell that Trev was slowly and firmly finger fucking her.

Brian, who was sitting between Karen and Val, had his hand in his groin, hiding his erection. In the clear water we could see Val slip her hand along his leg, move his hand away and grip his dick for him, giving it a long slow wank. Brian's cock was probably not much bigger than Rods. He was uncircumcised and the foreskin rolled forward and back, exposing and covering the head of his cock as Val worked on him slowly.

Karen looked on and smiled, but it seemed she was happy to leave him to Val today. Karen stood and got another beer from the net and waded back to us, standing in front of us with her bare pussy just inches out of the water -- drops of moisture clung to her remaining pubic hair and glinted in the sunlight.

By this time Miyako had climbed into Mike's lap and was rocking back and forth, her eyes closed.

Rod was gently stroking Val's breast and happily watching her jerk off the young guy. Brian still seemed quite shy, but Val smiled at him and led his hand to her other breast.

"Mm," Deb suddenly stood up and stood in the water, her outstretched hands resting on a rock in front of her. "To hell with this, I really need you inside me, honey."

Trev stood behind her, his thick cock fully erect. He looked around the group once, and we all looked back at him as he slowly entered Deb from behind. He held her hips and began easing himself in and out of her with no sense of urgency. Deb looked around at the rest of the group, inviting us to watch.

Mike and Miyako stood and moved closer to the fucking couple, Mike running his hands over Deb's back and under to fondle her boobs, while Miyako stood closer to Trev and squeezed his ass and felt the muscles of his back. Karen turned and went to stand on the other side of the couple. She reached for Trev's pecs and glided her hands over them, pinching his nipples.

In a moment the whole group was standing around the lovers, enjoying their show and helping them in their pleasure. Hands ran all over both their bodies; Miyako was tickling Trev's balls, I was feeling under the couple to play with Deb's clit, Mike and Rod stood by Deb's head, holding her arms and supporting her, both their hard cocks inches from her face.

Deb's eyes were glazed with passion and she turned her head first one way, then the other, licking the hard cocks that grazed against her cheeks. Brian crouched below and with Val's encouragement began hungrily sucking on Deb's nipple. Val took charge of Deb's other breast, massaging it and gently kissing the nipple that dangled in front of her. Karen was kissing and licking up and down Trev's chest, with her large boobs resting on Deb's back.

I had never seen a woman in such a sexual frenzy as Deb was right then. She was calling out that she wanted everyone to fuck her. She strained her neck to kiss and lick the cocks that bounced in front of her. She screamed that she felt so good being fucked by everyone, even though it was in fact only Trev who continued to drive his fat cock in and out of her quivering body.

She began to writhe and thrash her hips around, and by the end we were all supporting her body has Trev fucked her as deeply as he could. When Deb finally came her whole body shook and collapsed in our combined arms. She reached out to hug those around her and gasp for breath, but Trev had not finished. He continued to pound in and out of her, seeming to see nothing but the sight of his cock disappearing into her rounded tight pussy mound. With Miyako now squeezing his balls and Karen sucking his nipples, he groaned one long low groan and, pulling his cock from his wife and gripping it tightly, he stood stock-still. After a moment's pause, in which none of us moved, his cum shot out, flooding across Deb's back, all the way to her shoulders. Karen and Miyako now stood by his side and watched his sperm leaving him. Miyako squeezed his balls one last time before milking the last drops from him, each one dripping slowly onto Deb's back.

Deb turned to kiss him and they both sank into the water, the sweat and the sperm washing off them and drifting away on the current.

They were both too exhausted to be at all self-conscious and they moved to the edge of the pool, hugging and kissing each other.

The incredible concentration we had all had on the fucking couple seemed to exhaust the rest of us equally, and horny as we were, we all resumed our former seats and drank more beer, hardly speaking except for the word "Phew!" which seemed to sum up all our feelings.

Deb eventually recovered from her sexual coma and smiled at everyone.

"Thanks guys," she said. "That was amazing. I hope I wasn't too out of control?"

"You don't remember?" asked Mike.

"Not all of it, no." said Deb. "I get like that sometimes.

"Do you remember saying that you wanted Tim's cock after Trev's?" laughed Mike.

"Liar,"" smiled Deb, and looking at me said, "THAT I would remember.

We sat on in out little river spa for another hour or so. It was getting late and we had finished off all the beer. I noticed that Karen had drunk more than her fair share and was actually a little unsteady.

At Rod's suggestion we called it a day and packed up for the long walk back to the camp. It's one of the odd quirks of human nature, but the return journey often feels shorter than the trip out -- perhaps because we recognize landmarks on the way back -- but it wasn't too long before we were back in the main camp area.

Val and Rod invited us all to their cabin again and we were all happy to sit on their large deck as the sun went down. Miyako and Deb helped Val and Rod organize a little food, but Karen -- uncharacteristically -- opted to sit on the large sofa and drink with the boys.

I helped out in the kitchen a little and we soon had a nice meal of tuna and pasta ready for everyone.

Karen was sitting between Brian and Trev on the large sofa as we ate, and was topping up her glass of red wine a bit more often than I was used to.

After the meal we all stayed on and chilled out a bit. Miyako wanted to take a few group photos of 'the gang' and we all posed and took our turn at being photographer.

"Take one of me," called Karen, and I noticed her voice was becoming a little slurred.

I turned to see her on the sofa, holding Trev and Brian's dicks in each hand and touching both erect heads onto her nipples.

Miyako laughed and snapped off a quick photo. Val took me by the elbow.

"I think you should take Karen home," she said. "She has had a little too much to drink."

"I think you're right," I said. "Thanks Val."

"It's not her fault," said Val kindly. "She did not eat much today and ....well .. it happens. But she ought to be tucked up safe in bed."

I kissed Val, for being such a caring friend, and then went to Karen and suggested we go home.

"Aww , still early," she giggled. "Lot's might happen yet."

I did not want to suggest her behavior was worrying me. "I know," I said. "But we'll see everyone tomorrow, and I'm kind of tired from the drive today."

She was suddenly all concern for me and struggled up from the sofa.

"Oh, poor little brother," she hugged me. "Yes, you are tired. I can see. We better go home and I will take care of you."

She was a little vague in her goodbyes to everyone, but the whole group seemed concerned for her and told her to get a good night's sleep and they would see her tomorrow.

I walked her back to our cabin. She was a little unsteady on her feet as we went, giggling as she stumbled.

As we entered the cabin she threw her arms around me.

"I love you," she said. "You're my favorite brother, do you know that?"

"And you're my favorite sister," I said. "Now, don't you think it's time to go to bed?"

"No. Still early."

"Oh, come on," I said. "It's late and we are both tired. Let's get to sleep."

I moved her toward her bedroom.

"We have to both sleep," she said. "In this room -- like we did last night."

"You have had a little too much wine," I said. "Hop into bed now."

She lay on her back on the bed, opening her legs wide and stretching her arms above her head.

"You had a wank last night," she giggled. "Will you do it again?"

"Maybe not."

"Oh, go on," she said. "Play with yourself. I want to see it."

I tried to cover her with a sheet but she threw it off. Her hand was on her pussy now and she was staring at my cock.

"Pretty cock," she purred. "Everyone likes your cock. Do you think they like my cunt?"

Both the word and the way she opened her pussy wide shocked me a little and I begged her to try to go to sleep.

"Can't sleep," she murmured. "All these cocks, and I have not had a proper fuck for years.......wank your cock Tim. Wank - and I will do it too."

She was spreading herself open and rubbing her clit hard with one finger as she said it, and hard as I was, I desperately wanted her to wake up the next day with no regrets.

"Wank it," she moaned, and her fingers were now diving into her wet pussy. She reached up to knead her own breast and never took her eyes from my cock.

I stood beside her as she writhed on the bed, and began to run my hand up and down my shaft.

"Closer," she whispered, lifting her knees and fucking herself hard with two fingers. "Let me see your beautiful cock."

I jerked off in long slow strokes, the tip of my cock close to her boob that swelled and flattened across her chest as she arched her back and gasped, both her hands on her pussy now.

"You want to fuck don't you? She slurred. "Can't do it with your sister, isn't that a shame..."

"It's ok," I said. "I don't want to."

She wriggled on the bed and brought her face closer to my cock, all the time with two fingers in her pussy and her finger rubbing madly at her dark clit. I could see the slickness, coating her mound and dripping down to her butt.

"Remember you perved at my tits?" she asked. "Why don't you come on them?"

I struggled to control myself but couldn't. I fisted my cock harder and soon I was shooting cum out and across her breasts. The thick white sperm showed up starkly on her dark skin. I pumped out more cum than I thought I ever had and her large soft breasts were covered in it.

She squealed and lifted her knees high. "God, I love it," she said, reaching up to smear the cum over her tits as she shook in orgasm.

She collapsed back into the bed and it seemed to me she was on the verge of crying.

I wiped her clean with a towel and covered her with the sheet. She turned to me and I held her in my arms. She whispered "I'm sorry," and that was all she said. In a few minutes she had drifted off to sleep, soft and warm in my arms, but wondering what tomorrow would bring.


...to be continued