
Free Original Erotic Stories.
tagIncest/TabooSibling Sex Therapy
Sibling Sex Therapy
bySPEN STERLING�




James walked Erica up to her front door and they stood, smiling and quietly looking at each other in the yellow light of the porch. The date had been perfect, a summer night with fun and laughter and great conversation. There had also been moments when James could sense romance building. Erica was so beautiful, tan and shapely, with a wonderful smile and an intoxicating smell.

"Well, I guess this is goodnight," she shrugged, leaning towards him just slightly.

He caught the cue, and nervously leaned in as well, and they meet softly at the lips and then ever so slowly, their bodies came together. He could feel her warmth up against him, seemingly enveloping him, and he felt his head spin as his arousal took over, and he held her tighter yet as their bodies became intertwined and their mouths opened into a long, passionate kiss. Time seemed to almost stand still as James felt his body becoming captivated by the moment. Suddenly, before he could even know it was coming, he felt his arousal overwhelming him and before he could stop himself, he had the strange mix of panic and pleasure as he unloaded an orgasm, prematurely and embarrassingly, into his jeans. He pulled back away from Erica to avoid her feeling his surging cock, mumbling an almost apologetic good night, and then leaving her on the front porch, watching him walk away and wondering why.

James clamored through the front door, staggered over to the couch and collapsed, without even a basic acknowledgment of his sister and roommate, Jessie, who sat across the den on a recliner working on her laptop. He closed his eyes and tried to quell his memories of the evening.

Jesse gave him a minute to collect himself before saying a word. She knew him too well. "So the date didn't go so well, bro?" she said.

"Well, the date wasn't bad, let's just say it just ended really poorly," he responded.

"What happened that was so terrible?" she asked. "Maybe you are over reacting."

James rubbed his face with his hands and looked over at his older sister. "Some things you just can't talk about," he said, and with that he went to his room and closed the door.

Jessie and James, named after the western legend by their late parents, were about as close as two siblings could be. Their parents had died in a car accident when they were young, and they had spent much of their youth being shuffled from one foster home to another. They always got along with each other, but seldom with the foster parents. Jessie had her bags packed the day she turned 18, which was the day after her most recent foster parents suggested an intervention in response to her revelation to them that she was a lesbian. James moved in with her a few years later when he turned 18. They had been living together now for a few months, both working and sharing expenses, getting along perfectly and for the most part, talking about everything. Sometimes it took Jessie some effort to get James to talk about personal matters, but she always found a way.

It took two days of James moping around, constant pressure from Jessie, and finally, a couple of ice cold margaritas to get James to finally open up about his date. In the back of his mind he knew he would eventually confide in Jessie, and she knew it too, it was just a matter of time, and of all the personal details he had shared with his sister, this was surely the most embarrassing.

"If I tell you this, you have to promise never to tell ANYONE," he begged. "In fact, you have to pinkie promise," he added, holding out his pinkie finger towards his sister.

It had been quite a few years since they had make a pinkie promise pact. The pinkie promise was a solemn oath to never give up certain secrets, and they had both been loyal to it. The first time they had made the promise was when James broke the neighbor's window with an errant golf shot when he was 10, the most recent when Jessie confided to James that their foster dad had suggested they get naked together...when she was 15.

She held out her pinkie and they shook pinkies and made the pact.

James took a deep breath and covered his face with his hands. "I've got a problem with premature ejaculation, I can't control myself," he stammered.

Jessie leaned back with a long sigh and tried to keep from laughing. "Jeez bro, I thought you had got somebody pregnant or killed somebody and left them in the woods!"

James couldn't help but smile and lower his hands. "Well those problems would be easy to fix," he said. "This one, I don't know what to do. Every time I get into a passionate situation with a girl I totally lose it."

"So you just don't last long when you have... intercourse?" she said, searching for an appropriate word.

"No, not exactly, not exactly that far along," he replied.

"So, when you get your clothes off, and start going, then you, you... happen to soon?" she asked.

James couldn't take dragging this out any longer. "I come in my pants, ok?" he said. "We start making out, and I lose it right away."

"Oh," said Jessie. "Well, I don't have a whole lot of experience with guys, but I do remember that was a pretty common thing. I think it's one of those things that happens with young men that you eventually get better at...with practice."

"Well I'm not going to get a lot of practice, because girls think I'm weird," said James. "Erica won't even call me back. I'm thinking of becoming a monk," he moaned.

Jessie looked carefully at her brother. All of his life, despite the difficulties they had faced, he had always been a happy, positive person. In her entire life, she had never seen her brother so down about anything. The worst part was she couldn't think of anything to say, other than to suggest that it really wasn't a big deal...and that didn't seem to go over well.

In fact, it took a sleepless night and a distracted day at work before Jessie could come up with any ideas to help. Fortunately for James, the idea she eventually came up with was a doozy. James came in from work around 5 to find a nervous and excited Jessie waiting to talk to him.

"I want to help you with your problem," she said quickly. "I've got an idea, and this is going to sound really weird at first, but I need you to think about it before you make a decision."

James was eyeing his sister suspiciously. What did she have in mind, he wondered. Surgery? Hypnosis? Those funny looking cock rings?

She didn't wait for him to respond. "I'm going to be your sex therapist," she said.

"Great, make jokes," said James, tossing his keys on the kitchen counter. "Besides my problem is in the little head, not the big head."

"Hear me out," Jessie said, trembling with anxiety. "I've read about some methods to...to...well, to train yourself to improve your...well, you know."

James was still thinking this might be a bad joke. "Methods?" he asked.

"Well maybe methods is the wrong word, but it's like therapy, sort of, it is, well, maybe hard to explain," she stammered. This was not going the way she planned.

"I'm not sure sex therapy is something I want to be doing with my sister," he replied.

"Well, let me clarify some things," she said, taking a deep breath. "This is not going to involve us having sex, it's not that kind of therapy."

James rubbed his chin and contemplated. In all honesty, he felt like he needed to do something. "Why not, I'm in?" he grinned.

"All right," yelled Jessie, jumping off the couch and high fiving her brother. "We can get started on Stage One tonight, right now."

"Okay, let's go!" said James.

"Okay, take off all of your clothes," Jessie said.

James stopped grinning. "Did you say take off all my clothes?"

"Wait, I forgot something," she said. "First, you have to agree to do whatever I tell you to do, you have to trust me and obey me when I give you an order."

James sat down nervously. "Well now that I've already heard the first order, I might be a little reserved about agreeing to you being my dominatrix," he said.

"You need to realize two important things here," said Jessie, trying to sound reassuring. "First, I'm your sister, I've seen you naked, I'm not aroused at the idea of seeing you naked, and second, as you well know, I'm a lesbian, so that goes double," she said. "This will be like going to the doctor's office, only without the prostrate exam."

He looked at her blankly for a moment. She had always had a way of making him do what she wanted. Once when they were younger she had convinced him that if he cleaned up her room, it would benefit him, because then she would walk with him to the park, which he wasn't allowed to do on his own. Her logic could be breathtaking.

"Ok, I'll do whatever," he resigned.

Jessie lit up. "Okay, take all your clothes off," she said.

James stood up and slowly started taking his clothes off, piece by piece, wondering the whole time what in the world he was doing. It was almost like an out of body experience, though it was rapidly becoming an out of clothes experience. When he got down to his boxers he looked at her once again for confirmation.

She smiled and nodded, flipping a finger to indicate losing the boxers.

He breathed in deeply, held it for a second, and then dropped his boxers to the floor and stood in front of his sister, completely naked.

Despite thinking clinically, Jessie was not prepared for the effect. She blushed and smiled and got fidgety, trying not to stare at his cock but having a hard time not doing so. She had to admit, her brother looked really good naked. Not that it mattered to her, being the lesbian sister and all.

He broke the silence first. "By the way Jessie, the last time you saw me naked I was seven years old, I don't even know if that counts."

"Well, you have certainly changed," she blushed. "You look good."

James was a little surprised he didn't feel more self-conscious in front of her, but he had always been comfortable with his sister. "So what now?" he asked.

Jessie snapped back to reality. "Okay, now, I need you to become aroused."

James looked at her incredulously. She answered with a finger to her lips, shushing him like a school teacher.

He shifted legs and looked around the room. This was getting weird, but it was also pretty exciting in a way, being naked and on display. Even if it was in front of his lesbian sister. "Can I sit down, it would be easier?" he asked.

Jessie motioned her approval, and James sat down on a padded footstool facing Jessie on the couch. He closed his eyes and thought of Erica standing in front of him in sexy lingerie, and then slowly pulling loose a string and letting it fall away. His hand came down to stroke his cock, and he could feel himself quickly growing hard.

With James' eyes closed, Jessie was able to look at him with more full attention, most specifically, at his swelling cock, which was breathtaking to behold. She marveled at how tone and fit her brother was, how his sculpted abs turned at just the right angle, how his strong arms lay comfortable on his body, the look of his fit legs, how his cock just looked downright amazing. She was still lost in that thought and riveted on that subject when she realized he had opened his eyes up and he was watching her.

"Yes, excellent, fine job, very nice," she said, a bit flustered. "So this is your task for the next week. Everyday after work, you will come home, get naked, become aroused, and maintain that state of arousal until 10 pm. You may...um...resolve that arousal in two days, then three days, then four days and so on."

"Resolve?" he asked

"Yes, as in, you can, you know, masturbate," she mumbled. Then she snapped back into clinical mode. "This exercise will get you accustom to the idea of being in a state of arousal, around a female, without having, you know....resolution."

James nodded. Somehow, that actually made some sense. At any rate, he had to admit that it was a pretty good charge to be naked and aroused on display. Weird, but good.

He sat there naked in front of her for a few more minutes, sharing a deafening silence as she tried not to look at him. "Hey, I'm going to get a cold drink, do you want something?" he asked.

"Yes, get me one too," she said.

James stood up slowly, his manhood still at attention, and turned slowly away, and Jessie watched his ass as he walked into the kitchen. Out of view, Jessie suddenly realized that she had spent the last several minutes not really breathing. She took a long, deep breath, felt the warm heat on her cheeks, and tried to clear her head. THAT reaction had not been what she had expected to have.

Stage One, Day Two

Jessie spent the next day trying to regain some perspective. She worked at home, and she did become aware that she was looking forward to 5 pm. She couldn't help but replay the vision of her naked brother, aroused in front of her, walking around, occasionally stroking himself. Making it even worse, her girlfriend Terry was out of town for two weeks, so there was no potential for resolution, except for Joe, the vibrator she kept in her bedside table. She tried to visualize Joe, wondered how he compared to James. Joe seemed a little smaller. Definitely thinner. Probably softer than James. James was rock hard for almost the entire four hour training session last night. ROCK hard. She shook her head to clear the vision.

It was four o'clock, he'd be home in an hour. Naked, in front of her. She was clock watching to the cock watch.

As it turned out, James got home a little before 5. He walked in, gave Jessie a quick greeting and went in and took a shower. When he got out, he just dried off and walked into the den naked, prompting Jessie to look up from her work.

"Aren't you forgetting something?" she asked.

He looked down at himself. "There's not a whole lot to forget," he said.

She smiled and held up a crooked index finger, and then slowly straightened it out until it was pointing towards the ceiling.

"Ah right, how could I forget," he said. He reached down to gently stroke his cock, which quickly and proudly rose to full attention, and then looked to Jessie for confirmation, which he received with a thumb's up.

Over the course of the second night it gradually became more comfortable, as they got used to the stage one arrangement. Things returned to normal, with the two of them eating dinner, watching television, chatting about work, laughing, even occasionally making jokes at their odd situation. As time went on, Jessie also noted that she had to remind James a bit more that his erection was fading. "Policing the erection status," as they came to refer to it, also allowed her to justify nearly constant attention to his cock, which she had come to admire more and more. It was so proud, strong, standing up at just the right angle, almost like an art form. The skin was so tight when it was hard, the head an urgent purple, she couldn't help but wonder what it would feel like, if it was as hard as it looked...

Get a grip, she thought. As soon as she thought it, she imagined getting a grip. Lucky for her, it was 10 o'clock, end of Stage One Day Two.

"If memory serves me correctly, today is the day I can resolve things, right?" James asked.

Jessie smiled at him and granted permission.

"Great, I could really use that," he said, heading off to his room.

James was incredibly horny after walking around on naked display for two days, and he had also come to the conclusion that his sister was enjoying looking at him. With all that pent up sexual tension, he was certain his resolution would be very fast. But what he found was that after walking around hard for two days on the brink, it did not happen quickly. He closed his eyes and let fantasy take over. In his fantasy, he was standing naked and a girl was walking in circles around him, slowly, carefully, getting closer each time, and then stopping in front of him, kneeling down, her face just inches from his cock, and then she looked up at him. He realized with a shudder and an explosive orgasm it was his sister. Dude, he thought, that was wrong on so many levels.

Meanwhile, Jessie had also retired to her room, where she held "Joe" in her hands and let her elegant fingers caress the lifelike dildo. She squeezed it and teased it, running her hands all over it, imagining how it would make James feel. She realized Joe had become James and just let it go. She kissed the tip and felt the bottom fall out of her stomach. She tossed the dildo back in the drawer and wrapped a pillow around her head. Sleep did not come easily.

Stage One, Day Three

All day at work, James could not get his mind off of what he would be doing that afternoon. Despite having "resolution" the night before, and knowing that he was going to have to walk around erect from 5 - 10 pm, he still spent most of the day in a state of arousal. He could hardly wait to get home and get naked for his sister.

So by 5 pm he was home, showered and walking around the house naked. In all honesty, he had to admit that the training was working, he felt like he was more in control. He had even fallen into the habit of intentionally letting his erection fade, because he liked it when his sister told him to giddyup.

The one downside was that keeping an erection up for that period of time required a lot of handling, even for an 18 year old, and the skin on his cock was getting dry as the night went on.

"Hey Jessie, what do you use when you have dry skin?" he asked.

"Where is it?" Jessie replied.

James blushed. "That very special place," he answered.

"Ah, come here and let me see," she said.

It was an innocent request that neither of them really thought about, until James had walked over to the couch where Jessie was and Jessie leaned forward to where she was eye to cock with James. They seemed to realize the intimacy in the position at about the same time - James cock sprang to attention, and Jessie's eyes got big. Seeing him walk around the room was one thing, but seeing him this close...close enough to reach him with her tongue, if she was so inclined...had her reeling.

Still she maintained her clinical attitude, looking at him closely and evaluating him like a nurse. She cleared her throat and tried to stop her mouth from watering.

"I've got some oil that would probably help that," she said, looking up at him. She stood up slowly in front of him, with him backing up just a bit to allow her to stand, his cock filling the small distance between them. She was achingly close to brushing up against him, before she slipped by him and went to her room, returning in a moment with a jar of oil.

"Here ya' go," she said, trying in vain to hide a blush. She sat back down in front of him, again with her face coming level with his waist. She could tell this was having an effect on him, because his cock had gotten stiffer than she had ever seen it. From her position on the couch she watched him pour some of the oil on and rub it onto his cock. She felt her head getting weak.

From his position it was a lot like his dream fantasy of the night before, rubbing his cock with the warm oil just a few feet away from his sister's face as she gazed upon him almost mesmerized. He took his time, enjoying every minute, and was very impressed with himself that he didn't lose control and lose a load all over her face.

"I think this therapy is working," he said slowly, still massaging his cock with the oil as he looked down on his sister. "I feel like I can control myself a lot better."

She didn't hear him right away, her mouth was hanging open just slightly and she was very distracted. Then she leaned back a bit on the couch and looked up at him, trying to process what he had said. Instinctively, she licked her lips.

"Very good," she finally responded. "I would say that its probably time to move on to Stage Two," she said.


"Hmm, what happens in Stage Two?" he asked.

Jessie leaned forward again, her face coming just inches away from his cock, hesitated a moment to look up at him, then stood and turned away, walking towards her room. "You'll have to wait until tomorrow to find that out," she said. "I'll see you at five o'clock tomorrow."

He watched her close the door behind her, which left him standing in front of the couch with an oily, raging erection, and two more days before he was allowed "resolution."

Stage Two, Day One

For the rest of that night and most of the next day, James contemplated what Stage Two might be, and he had conjured up some pretty amazing visions by early afternoon. Meanwhile, Jessie was at home trying to decide if she needed to stop the therapy before it got out of hand. She was leaning towards canceling the whole thing when she got a text message from James telling her how much the therapy had meant for him, and how he felt like it had changed his life.

So Stage Two was on go, she couldn't let him down.

James came home a little before 5, nearly trembling with anticipation. He wasn't sure what to expect when he opened the door, but he was disappointed to find Jessie sitting in the recliner working on her laptop when he got home.

"So what's the story on Stage Two?" he asked impatiently.

She looked up momentarily. "I need to finish something up, why don't you take a shower, get naked and we'll discuss it," she answered.

He nodded and headed off to the shower, relieved that at least he would still be naked for Stage Two.

When he came back into the den, he was surprised to see that Jessie had changed into a long, silky, white bathrobe and was standing facing him as he walked in. He stopped in front of her and waited.

"So are you ready for Stage Two?" she smiled.

James' mouth was too dry to respond, so he simply nodded.

With a quick move, Jessie unfastened the tie on the robe and let the front of it open up just slightly. Before that could even settle on James, she shrugged the robe off her shoulders and let it slide off onto the ground.

James felt every part of his body go limp, except for one. Jessie was dressed in a silky, lacy white teddy, held up by spaghetti straps and cut high on the sides, showing off her long, lean legs. James had always known his sister had a great body, but seeing her standing there in lingerie took his breath away. In a breathless moment, he took in the beauty of her jet black hair and olive colored skin, much of which was on display. As a black belt in karate and a part time yoga instructor, Jessie kept herself quite toned and fit. Back when they were in high school together every haplessly misguided guy in school wanted to be James' friend just to get a shot at Jessie.

She smiled at his reaction. "Perhaps I should clarify the plans for Stage Two," she said. "The intention is to, shall we say, heighten your arousal, to challenge your new found control abilities."

James nodded, trying not to move, he was afraid he might have a resolution right there on the floor.

"Now the rules about us not having sex still stand, so don't get any ideas," she said. "I am just going to dress, and do things, that will ... hopefully ... turn you on. It is going to be more difficult for you to control your ... urges, though, so we are going to have to work on some strategies to avoid.. getting overly turned on."

"I'm pretty turned on right now," James said. "Maybe you should start giving me some strategies."

Jessie laughed. "Well first of all, you need to breathe. Deep breaths, try to relax, and create a vision that will distract you from your... passion."

James took a deep breath, held it and let it out, never letting his eyes wander from Jessie's body. "Okay, I have a vision," he said. "It's a cornfield."

"Hmm," Jessie murmured and took a step in his direction. "I love a long, hard ear of corn."

James looked like he might wilt.

"Another strategy we are going to use involves this," Jessie said, showing him a black collar and then quickly, deftly stepping up close to him and wrapping the collar around his neck and fastening it with a velcro strip. "This is a battery operated collar designed to distract you when you get overly aroused."

"Distract me?" he asked warily.

"Yes, when you get to aroused, say, above an 8 on a 10 point scale, then raise your hand and I can activate it to deliver a mild shock," she said. She held up the remote, pointed it towards him and pushed a button.

James felt an odd tingling in his neck, it wasn't quite like a shock but it was definitely a distraction. He could see how it would level him off.

"Okay, I'll go along with this, but don't be overdoing it with that thing," he said. "I could see you forcing me to do the dishes every night...though if you dress like that, I would probably do it willingly."

"Easy big guy," she said, walking up to him and circling around him slowly. "Remember, this is all show, and no flow."

James grimaced and nodded. "Right, no resolution until tomorrow."

The rest of the night, Jessie pranced around the apartment, talking, acting and looking incredibly seductive. James didn't need nearly as much self-stimulation to maintain an erection, and there were a few times when he started feeling over heated and had to ask for the collar zap. Like when Jessie leaned over in front of him allowing him a free look down the front of her teddy. Or when she showed him some of the latest yoga stretches from her class. Or when she reclined across the couch in front of him and slowly ate a banana. Actually the banana eating required two zaps. James had to admit the zaps did the trick. They were just enough of a distraction to allow him to maintain control.

By 10 pm, they were both exhausted. James had been rock hard for five straight hours, and Jessie, in addition to working hard to keep him that way, had been enjoying her own very heightened state of arousal. She had surprised even herself with just how horny she had become showing off for her brother.

James hit the bed aching for sleep, and/or resolution, and a half hour passed before his erection went down. It didn't help that he was certain he could hear the low hum of a vibrator and some muffled moans coming from his sister's room.

Stage Two, Day Two

James woke up, remarkably, with morning wood, and he felt like a kid at Christmas. Today he would get to enjoy another day of seeing Jessie's awesome body parading around in lingerie, AND it was a resolution day. A resolution he badly needed.

In the adjacent room, Jessie felt like a parent at Christmas. She needed to buy some batteries.

Over the course of the day, both siblings felt an incredible build-up of anticipation. The therapy really was working, and though neither would openly admit it, the therapy was incredibly fucking hot. James was able to leave work early but then drove around the neighborhood for 20 minutes because he didn't want to appear overly anxious.

After his shower and get naked routine was complete, he came out into the den where Jessie was waiting for him, once again dressed in the silky white bathrobe. She didn't have to ask him to get aroused.

This time when she shrugged off the bathrobe, she had even less on. She was dressed only in a pink bra and lacy pink thong. James spent several minutes just taking her in, not speaking with words, but saying volumes with his deep breaths and subtle nods. Jessie was totally enthralled by her brother's speechless response.

After a solid five minutes, Jessie broke the silence. "I think you like this outfit," she said softly, taking a slow, deliberate turn, showing off the fit curves of her exposed abdomen and her shapely ass.

Unable to formulate a response, James simply raised his hand. Jessie had to zap him three times in a row before he dropped his arm, and in a few minutes his arm was back up.

In fact, James spent quite a bit of Stage Two Day Two with his arm up. Jessie had really stepped up her game, practically torturing her brother with her sexy antics. Her boldest escalations came in the form of touch, as she used any and every excuse to create physical contact. Touching him lightly on the arm or leg while talking, coming up close behind him when he was looking in the refrigerator, playfully slapping him lightly on the chest and slowly dragging her hand down over his abdomen. But the worst (or best) was when they were watching television, each of them laying on either end of the couch, with their legs meeting in the middle. Jessie had her legs and feet running up and down James' legs, occasionally coming up high onto his thigh. The zap collar was in frequent use, and neither of them watched much of whatever it was that was on tv. All James could see was cornfields.

As much as James was enjoying it, he could not help but keep an eye on the clock, because he knew that at 10 pm he was going to go into his room and get some resolution, maybe resolutions, because he recalled that Jessie had never said just how many resolutions he was allowed. He felt like he needed double digit resolution.

As the clock neared 10 pm, Jessie ramped up her game even further, sliding closer towards him on the couch and wrapping her long sexy legs around his. She was loving every minute of turning him on, and had become quite impressed at his ability to maintain control. Just as the clock hit 10 pm, she suddenly sat up and moved over him, straddling him on the couch. The inside of her thighs were tight against the outside of his, and her crotch was pressed down on him just beneath his aching balls. She looked down at him seductively.

"I think that we...or you ... should have your resolution right here," she said softly. Her hands came up and she dragged them lightly across his abdomen. "I think if you do it here, I can coach you to go slow and easy."

James took a deep breath and looked at the hot body of his sister perched above him, and all he could think was that he wouldn't last 30 seconds. He was so horny he couldn't think. He nodded ok.

"Ok, Jessie said slowly. "I want you to imagine that I am your girlfriend, and we are making love, and you are inside me."

James' mouth was bone dry, he could only nod.

"Remember, if you get too ... hot ... just raise your hand," she smiled.

He raised his hand. She gave him a double.

For the next hour and a half, Jessie sat there perched above her brother, alternatively gyrating like they were fucking and then stopping to talk him back down, and occasionally zapping him with the collar. James desperately wanted to resolve all over the place, but not as much as he wanted to keep this game going all night. He couldn't help but be suspicious that Jessie was enjoying it as much as he was, though she did an excellent job of appearing clinical, even when she was grinding down on his legs, rubbing her tits with both hands, closing her eyes and rolling her head back toward the ceiling.

Finally, after a six and a half hour boner to end all boners, James couldn't take it any longer, and he told his sister it was time. "I can't look at any more corn," he said. She smiled at him warmly.

"Cum for me James, I want to watch you cum," she murmured, smoothly grinding down on him and running her hands all over her body. When she leaned toward him the lacy material from her thong, brushed up against his bare cock.

James brought his hand up and started stroking himself, slowly at first and then gradually faster, more urgently, all the while looking up at his beautiful sister perched above him. As the orgasm built up more and more he began to lose total control of his thoughts and physical movements, and he began gyrating hard up against her. His free hand latched on to her waist to keep her from being thrown off, and then the wave was upon him, and his entire body went into a spasm.

They say that during very traumatic moments, the passing of time can become elongated, so that a few seconds can feel like a few minutes. For James, a few seconds felt like a few hours. He saw Jessie's face contorted in passion and pleasure. He looked up and down at her beautiful body, from head to toe, taking time to admire each curve, every patch of delicious skin. He noted every color in the scene, every sound from his sister's low moans to the ticking of the clock on the wall. He felt himself completely black out, and then come to again. When he came to she was naked, impaled on his cock, thrusting spasmodically up and down on him, screaming in ecstasy. On one level he realized he was dreaming, but it seemed so real. He could see his sister's face looking down upon him, her mouth falling open in shock, her eyes getting big. Physically, every cell of his body was on fire and in motion, and it felt like his entire brain was passing down his spinal cord, down through his gut and straight out of his cock. Then he passed out again, then came to again, and she was looking at him. somehow back in her bra and panties, with a mix of concern and mirth. She was saying something but he couldn't understand it. His mind and body were complete jelly, but he could still feel his cock twitching uncontrollably.

As his brain slowly cleared, his first thought was for Jessie. "Did I hurt you?" he asked, his hands coming up to hold her lovely waist.

Relieved that her brother hadn't had a stroke, Jessie smiled and laughed. "Hell no, bro, I thought I had hurt you!"

"How long was I out?" he asked.

"Did you pass out?" she asked worriedly. "I don't think you did."

James blinked and tried to think. "That was unbelievable," he stammered.

"Yes, I would call it very unbelievable," Jessie replied, looking down at James stomach.

James followed her eyes down to his stomach, and then his eyes got big. There was a virtual lake of cum all over his stomach, rolling onto his chest. Jessie had a good bit on her as well, and her panties were a mess. In his wildest dreams, he could not have imagined that much fluid coming from one orgasm.

To his surprise, Jessie brought her hands down onto his stomach and corralled the lake, carefully spreading it over his torso so it didn't run off onto the couch. Then she leaned forward and laid down on top of him, her head on his chest, the warm, wet fluid creating a sticky bond between the two.

"Wow," she said breathlessly. "That was the best sex I ever didn't have."

They lay there for quite some time, feeling each other's breathing and heartbeats slowly return to normal, both reveling in their own thoughts. James' cock, trained so well over the past week, had never even gone soft, and was a rock hard lump between them.

After a long while, Jessie sat back up on his lap, allowing James to see her cum covered torso, which had now soaked her bra and panties. She held out a pinkie finger, and with what strength he had left he hooked her pinkie with his. The promise of this secret moment did not even need to be spoken. It may have been the most erotic thing he'd ever seen.

"Brother, I think that we have resolved the premature issue," she said, slowly rising to her feet and standing above him. "But I've created another issue."

James looked at her curiously. "What's that?" he asked.

"Well, all of my previous experiences with men have been, shall we say, less than fulfilling," she said. "I've been pretty sure for the past five years that I was a 100% lesbian."

She turned to walk away towards her room, and just as she got to the door she turned around.

"I'm not so sure about that anymore."


Sibling Sex Therapy Ch. 02
bySPEN STERLING©

Reading part one of this story is recommended, but if not here's the quick summary: Jessie and James are roommates, James has a problem with premature ejaculation, so his sister(a lesbian) volunteers to give him sex therapy, which involves him walking around naked and her walking around in lingerie, all in an effort to keep him aroused for long periods of time without having an orgasm.

After spending a surprisingly arousing week walking around naked in front of his sexy, but lesbian sister, James felt a lot more confident about his ability to avoid premature ejaculation. But he also felt a little disappointed that the sex therapy was now over. The last week had been the most erotic week of his life, and while he didn't want to have sex with his sister, he didn't want to stop either.

His sister Jessie was also feeling disappointed. An avowed lesbian with a steady girlfriend, she had nonetheless very much enjoyed seeing her attractive brother walk around with a proud erection, and had gotten quite aroused when she donned sexy lingerie and pranced around in front of him. She had reveled in her role as sex therapist, keeping him rock hard for several days before finally allowing him to masturbate. As she lay on her bed stroking Joe, her lifelike vibrating dildo, she visualized the moment they shared on the couch, when she straddled him, without touching him, as he masturbated, looking up at her adoringly. The orgasm he had experienced had been epic, covering both of them with a virtual lake of warm fluid. She had not told him, but she had experienced a very strong orgasm as well, all the more amazing since she wasn't full naked and wasn't even touching herself.

As she re-lived the moment, it became a fantasy, and instead of his hands on his cock it was hers. Both of her hands caressed him softly, as she watched him writhe in pleasure beneath her. Then she slid down on the couch and poised her watering mouth just inches away from the tip of his cock. She looked up at him and saw his eyes pleading, and she obeyed his silent command, first kissing, then licking, then taking him all the way into her mouth. As she sucked his cock passionately, one hand went down to her crotch and she had barely touched herself when she felt a strong orgasm wash over her. When she came back to reality she realized that Joe the Dildo was getting a fabulous blow job. She felt almost silly as she let the dildo slide out of her mouth. Get a grip, she thought to herself. She was not going to have sex with her brother. She was still thinking about how she was not going to have sex with her brother, and some of the many different ways that she would not be doing that, when the phone rang and jilted her out of her revelry.

James spent a long, boring day at work, much different than the past week when he had spent every working hour fantasizing about the evening's sex therapy. The day finally ended, and when he got home he stood in front of the door for a few minutes, reliving the memory of coming home to his sister dressed in a silky white robe, and remembering how she had removed it to showcase her fabulous body covered only in a pink bra and thong.

So it came as a bit of a pleasant surprise when he opened the door and Jessie was again dressed in the silky white robe. She met his surprised look with a a big grin.

"Hey bro, how was your day?" she said.

"Well, ok I guess," he said with some hesitation. "What's going on?"

"I've decided that you passed the first two stages of sex therapy, and its time we moved on to stage three," she said.

"Stage three," he murmured. His mind was racing with all the potential that stage three could bring, but he didn't want to seem over anxious. "So what happens in stage three?"

"First, get ready, then we'll talk," she said.

"Get ready?" he asked

"Yes, just like before, get a shower and get naked," she answered.

James didn't have to be told twice, he took a quick shower and came back out into the den, his cock already at half mast.

"Okay, good to see you again," winked Jessie. As she spoke, she attached the mild shock collar around James' neck, which she used to distract him when he became too aroused. "Now, for stage three, what we have to do is go even further, taking your arousal to higher levels, while putting off your release for four days. As before, you must do whatever I tell you to do."

James nodded, his imagination running wild. At the same time he was fighting the urge to imagine it, he was imagining what it would be like to have sex with his sister. What else could the next stage be? He should've been ashamed for thinking about sex with his sister, but instead his cock was now fully erect.

"I hope you can handle this," Jessie said, as she walked slowly over to her bedroom door. She looked back at him with a smile as she reached for the doorknob.

James felt his heart pounding. This was really going to happen. His sister was going to have him into her bedroom, and they were going to have sex. Sex without orgasm, he guessed, but still.

She opened the door, but didn't go in. Instead, to his shock, Jessie's girlfriend Terry walked slowly out, dressed in a pair of very short cutoff jeans and a tank top.

James felt his mouth fall open and his hands instinctively went to cover his crotch. He looked back and forth at Jessie and Terry in stunned silence, unable to comprehend. They were looking back at him with slight grins on their faces.

Finally Jessie spoke up. She walked over close to Terry and put an arm around her and then looked back at James. "As you can see, Terry got back in town sooner than expected. For stage three, we are going to arouse you for four days with the ultimate male fantasy," she said, hesitating for effect. "Hot, live, girl on girl action."

The girls turned towards each other on cue, and their lips met, softly at first and then more passionately, eventually giving James the full on, tongue-twirling make out show. James hands were doing little to cover his throbbing erection and he let them fall to his sides, and then he felt his legs go out and he fell to his knees in front of them.

They broke their kiss to look over at him. "He's cute," said Terry with a grin. "I can see how he might make you wanna change teams, even if he is your brother."

Jessie blushed and then caught herself and got back into sex therapist mode. She carefully laid out the ground rules for stage three. The girls would not be having sex with him. They would not be fully nude in front of him, but would be dressing, and acting, very provocatively. He would not be allowed into their bedroom. He would be teased and taunted and kept at full erection from 5 - 11 pm every night for four straight days, without release. And he would have to obey their commands.

"I could think of a lot of commands I'd like for him to perform," said Terry. In one quick move she flipped off her tank top, leaving her dressed only in jean cutoffs and a small white bra. James was kept speechless as he looked at Terry's fit form. She was dark with brown hair, had just a hint of oriental background, and had an incredible body. She and Jessie had met at karate class.

"This is therapy," Jessie sternly reminded her. "No sex allowed."

"Except between us, right?" she said to Jessie, leaning back over to kiss and nuzzle Jessie's neck. As she did so, Jessie's robe fell part open, revealing a smoking hot leopard print teddy.

James raised his hand.

"Yes, did you have a question?" said Jessie.

"No, I just need you to shock me a few times before I release all over the floor," he said. "Maybe more than a few times."

So began the first night of stage three, and the beginning of the greatest sexual torture James had ever imagined. It was hard not being able to release the tension, but it was great to be hard in front of two hot girls in lingerie. It was awkward at first being in front of Terry, who he hardly knew, but over time her humor and flirting made it a lot more fun than he would've imagined. Fun, but always arousing, because if the girls caught his erection falling off, they knew just what to do to make him hard again.

They spent most of the first night making out in front of him on the couch. They hadn't been together in weeks, so it wasn't hard to pretend, and the presence of a good looking naked man in the room didn't hurt, even if they were lesbians. James couldn't help but notice that for lesbians, they spent a lot of time looking at his cock.

For three straight hours, Terry and Jessie kissed and fondled each other on the couch. Jessie's robe had come off in the first hour, so James got a great view of two beautiful bodies. He was impressed with how the women seemed to be in no hurry to have sex, they seemed to enjoy the journey over the event, and made mental notes for future reference.

But at some point even they reached their boiling point, and they said good night to James and went into their bedroom. For the next hour James was treated to the sounds of two women making love, which was more than enough to keep him rock hard until he finally drifted off to sleep.

Stage Three, Day Two

James broke several traffic laws on the way home from work in anticipation of more sexual therapy. All day his mind had wandered with the possibilities. When he walked in the reality surpassed his imagination. The girls had gone shopping, and had bought a few very sexy bathing suits.

"We talked it over and we were both concerned that you might not be aroused enough while taking your shower," Jessie said. "So today we are going to join you, if you don't mind."

James didn't mind. The trio clamored into the shower, Jessie and Terry in their swimsuits and James wearing nothing but a giant erection. First, James was treated to the sight of Jessie lathering up with soap and covering Terry from head to toe, taking special care to make sure James got a good view of her hands fondling Terry's breasts and taking an inordinate amount of time washing her ass and crotch. Then he got to see Terry return the favor. If that wasn't enough, then the two girls turned their focus to him, lathering him from head to toe and caressing him all over, except for the one place that was aching to be caressed. He had to back them off a few times because he could feel himself getting over heated — having one girl kneeling in front of you rubbing your thighs while another girl is reaching around from behind you to rub your lower abdomen will do that.

Day two only got better after that. The girls had obviously planned a full evening of erection-maintaining activities. After the shower, James was treated to a lingerie show, featuring a variety of revealing outfits. It would've been entertaining enough just to see the outfits one by one, but the girls came out together each time, parading around in front of him and getting in seductive poses with each other. The outfits got better each round, the girls got racier each round, and James cock got harder each round.

Nothing could prepare him for the final set of outfits. The girls came out looking like twins, wearing a very sheer white chemise and a barely there thong. James had a virtually unobstructed view from the waist up, and it was better than his fantasies. Both girls had beautiful breasts, well shaped with nipples standing at attention. Jessie seemed a little nervous wearing the outfit, it appeared that Terry had talked her into it. She did loosen up some when Terry came up behind her and slid her hands under the chemise and caressed her breasts. Her eyes closed and she leaned back and they kissed, and Terry let one hand slide down so that she was rubbing her crotch with one hand and caressing her breasts with the other. Jessie couldn't help but sway back and forth, and pretty soon they were almost dancing in a tight embrace in front of James, who had long stopped breathing or blinking.

He was so transfixed looking at them, in fact, that he didn't notice at first that they were looking at him, or more specifically, his cock, with equal attention, and he heard Terry whisper something to Jessie about it being "even bigger." He looked down at himself, and unless his eyes were deceiving him, his cock seemed to have swollen to new heights. It looked, and felt, at least an inch bigger.

"You'd better relax a little before you overheat," Jessie said. "Lie down and we'll give you a massage."

James quickly did as he was told, and was treated to an oily four handed massage that started at his feet, moved slowly up his thighs, and then came painfully close to his still swollen cock. They continued with his abdomen and worked their way up to his chest and shoulders. Making the massage even more delicious, or painful depending on how you looked at it, was the fact that every so often the girls would feel compelled to kiss each other while they rubbed his body, making it almost seem like he was watching a threesome that he wasn't allowed to participate in.

The massage was also clearly having an effect on the girls, who opted to retire to their room shortly after. For the second night in a row, James was treated to the distinct sounds of passionate love making through the wall. He fell asleep with a hard on and woke up with one the next day, and was pretty sure he had maintained an erection all night.

Stage Three, Day Three

It was hard to imagine how the therapy could get any better, but when James walked in the door he got the immediate impression it was going to be much better. Jessie and Terry were dressed in sexy bikinis and were in the middle of a tequila shot out of a half empty bottle. They were laughing hysterically and obviously wasted.

"It's about time, we've been looking forward to having our sex toy — I mean doing sex therapy — all day," grinned Terry.

"Either way, I'm all yours," said James, who had already started undressing. "Tell me what you want."

"Actually, we've decided to change up the rules for day three," said Jessie.

Down to his boxers, James couldn't help but hesitate with the arousing thoughts of rule changes.

"For day three, instead of us telling you what to do, we are going to have you tell us what to do," she said. "Just understand that there will be no touching."

"Except girl on girl touching," added Terry quickly.

"Right," said Jessie. "And some boy-girl touching, just not of certain parts. For long periods."

It seemed that some loopholes had entered the discussion.

"Hmm, the ultimate male fantasy, two girls and complete control, but with brutal limitations," James said. "Still, I can work with that. Let's start by getting wet."

James led the trio into the shower, where the hot water made their swimsuits almost see through. They didn't seem to mind, since he had them making out with each other for most of the shower.

By the time the shower was half over James had come up with enough ideas to last the rest of the week. First, he had them change into the lingerie from the day before, with the sheer see through top. Jessie was still guarded about being fully nude in front of him, but Terry made up for it by slowly undressing out of the swimsuit and then slipping into the lingerie. After that he had them turn off the lights, light candles, bring him a shot of tequila...pretty much anything he could think of that would involve them prancing around in front of him.

"Well, since we're agreed that we can't have sex, I think we should have the next best thing," said James. "Simulated sex."

"Simulated, that sounds mysterious," giggled Terry.

"Not at all," said James. "We will just get into different positions like we were having sex, but without full contact."

Jessie was looking at her naked brother, but her mind was spinning. His idea struck her as being brilliant and dangerous at the same time. She was nervous, and excited. "Okay, tell us where you want us," she said.

The words "tell us where you want us" made James almost breathless, but he managed to communicate several positions he had been fantasizing about for some time.

First he had one girl straddle his face while the other straddled his waist. Of course, while they were in that position he had them making out. Terry was the one straddling his face, and she had a knack for getting as close to his watering mouth as physically possible. Meanwhile, Jessie was gyrating above his cock and coming close enough for her panties to make fleeting contact.

Then he had Terry down on all fours and got on his knees behind her in a simulated doggy style, with Jessie laying down in front of Terry, her crotch in Terry's face. Fortunately no one said the girls had to be simulated, because as near as James could tell Terry was giving Jessie a pretty good tongue thrashing.

Looking down at Terry's gorgeous, barely covered ass writhing around in front of him, just inches away from his cock, he became amazed at how well he was controlling himself. He was rock hard and fully aroused, but felt like he was in total control of holding off on his orgasm.

Still, he felt the need to cool down, so the next position he chose had the two girls enjoying each other in the 69 position, which allowed him to watch from a distance.

James saved his favorite fantasy for last. For the last several days he had been having a vision that he badly wanted to fulfill. He didn't know how to say it so he just blurted it out.

"I want a two girl blow job," he said.

The girls took a break from their 69 position to look over at him.

"Correct me if I'm wrong, but I think a blow job would involve breaking rules," said Terry, licking her lips and crawling toward him. "But it sure is tempting."

James could tell by her expression that he had overstepped with Jessie. "This blow job would be non contact," he said. "I want you both to get on your knees in front of me and blow on my cock."

Terry looked over at Jessie, who was still looking unsure, but for the last several days she had been dying to have a reason to get closer to James' cock. That urge won over and the two girls took up position on either side of him, on their knees. Terry was first, pursing her lips and blowing lightly on his balls, then moving up slowly blowing along his length, then on the top and slowly back down the front. She gasped at the end, running out of breath.

Jessie's eyes had watched her girlfriend intently, and she ached to be in her place. So almost before Terry had finished, she was stepping up and continuing the no-contact blow job, blowing on James cock from top to bottom and back again. When she finished both girls had become so hot and bothered from the closeness of the warm hard cock they were both close to losing control. Their lips met just inches from his cock and they shared a passionately wet, open mouth french kiss, as James looked down on them. He noticed that as they kissed each other, their eyes stayed glued to his cock.

After a moment they broke their kiss and returned their attention to James, this time simultaneously blowing on his cock, up and down and all over. It was torture for him to have them so close, but it was heaven to feel their warm breath caressing his hot cock.

Watching the girls making out and blowing on him had made it difficult to control himself, and he was close to breaking the rules and shoving his dick into someone's mouth.

Apparently it was also torture for Jessie. After a few minutes of the simulated blow job, she suddenly stood up and grabbed Terry's hand. As she pulled a reluctant Terry towards her bedroom, she mumbled something about enough therapy for one night and they disappeared into her room.

James was relieved to be free of the danger of contact with his sister, but it killed him to see the girls leaving him behind. He knew they were as horny as he was, and they were going to have the chance to do something about it. He looked down at his cock, still hard, and realized that he still had to wait until tomorrow to enjoy the release he was aching for.


He went into the kitchen and downed another shot of tequila to calm his nerves and headed down the hall towards his room. Passing Jessie's room, he suddenly realized that the door was a little under half way open. Open enough for him to look in. Open enough for him to quietly step inside and see the bed.

What he saw was quite a vision. In the candlelit room, Terry had put on a strap on dildo and was on her back on the bed. Jessie was laying on top, her mouth ravenously licking and sucking on the dildo like her life depended on it. It wasn't hard for James to figure out that she was imagining his dick in her mouth.

Terry spotted James coming into the room almost immediately, and smiled and winked at him. It took a few moments for the very distracted Jessie to notice her naked brother standing by the bed, watching her sucking on the dildo. She glanced up at Terry and could tell she didn't mind the company.

Looking back at James, she caught his eye and gazed at him as she slowly wrapped her tongue around the head of the dildo.

"You like this don't you," she whispered softly.

He could only nod.

She licked her tongue all the way up the front of the dildo, her eyes still on him. "I'll bet you wish this was you, don't you?"

Mesmerized by the scene, he could again only nod.

"Ok then, come here," she said softly.

His heart stopped beating for a moment as he moved towards her.

"Come here.... and kiss it," she said suddenly, pointing the strap on towards him.

The shocking turn helped him find his voice. "No, I thought you meant that..."

"I know what you thought," Jessie said. "I told you to kiss it."

James stood beside the bed in wide eyed shock. In a blink of an eye, he'd gone from getting a blow job to giving one. Even if it was a strap on blow job given to his sister's girlfriend.

"Do what I tell you to, and I'll grant you early release," Jessie said.

The way his cock felt James would've done just about anything for early release. He eased onto the bed and got in position between Terry's legs. He looked at the strap on and then back to Terry's smiling face. "Kiss it," she said.

James reached up with one unsteady hand and gripped the base of the dildo. He took a deep breath, leaned forward and planted a kiss on the top of the cock. It was warm and soft, and the thought of what it would feel like as the recipient made giving it erotic.

"Nice, now lick it," said Jessie.

James looked at Jessie briefly but realized resistance was futile. He looked at the cock in his hand, it very similar in size and shape to his own. He leaned back in and ran his tongue all the way up and down the cock, watching Jessie watch him, her mouth open.

"Suck it," she said.

James had long overcome his reservations about having a cock in his mouth, rationalizing that it really wasn't gay to have a cock in his mouth as long as it was a girl's cock, and as long as it wasn't real. He moved his mouth to the tip of the dildo and let it slide in. He quickly realized the base of the dildo was lined up with Terry's clit, and when he pushed his mouth down onto it, it pushed up against her clit through her panties. He could tell by her wriggling against him she was enjoying having her strap on sucked.

Seeing her becoming more aroused made him pick up the pace, and before long he had totally lost himself sucking her cock, rhythmically pushing it up against her and hearing her appreciative moans. His eyes were closed most of the time, but when he opened it he could see his sister watching him closely, with one hand between her legs, while Terry had her hands in her hair and her mouth open in ecstasy.

James could feel Terry coming before he heard her, and Jessie moved up on the bed to kiss her as her body shook uncontrollably. It took her a while to recover as she watched James lightly licking her strap on.

"Wow, that was like nothing ever," Terry said. "I guess now you know what its like to suck a guy's dick."

"That's true," said James. "But if its all the same to you I think I'll just stick with lesbian dick for now."

They all laughed and then Jessie whispered something to Terry. They both moved toward James and pushed him over on his back. Each girl straddled him high on his thighs.

"It's time for your release," said Jessie.

"Are you sure, I thought that was supposed to happen on the fourth day," James grinned.

"Actually, it is the fourth day," Jessie said, pointing to the clock.

It was 12:05 am.

The girls began to lightly touch James along his thighs and lower abdomen, coming achingly close to his throbbing cock. Still, James didn't lose control.

Both girls began grinding themselves down on his thighs, rubbing their wetness up and down on him and giving the appearance that both girls were fucking his brains out simultaneously. Still, he was in control.

Then the girls began kissing each other passionately, and they subconsciously broke their no touching rule, their hands coming together to finally caress his cock. Finally, he could hold back no more.

After three days of being constantly aroused and horny, he knew the release would be intense. He felt it welling up in his cock, but then it moved out from there. From the tips of his toes to the hair on his head, he felt a warm tingle consume him. Every muscle in his body became taut, he could feel every cell coming together as one. Without even realizing it, his legs rose up off the bed, lifting the two girls up into the air like feather dolls. They had to lean back to keep from falling over onto him. He looked down and saw their hands wrapped around his cock, which had grown so large that their hands looked miniature. His cock was pointing straight up at the ceiling, but instead of pumping or throbbing it had reached a pinnacle that had become a plateau. For what seemed like several minutes, his cock was simply poised at the very top of orgasm, until finally he felt the flood of fluid coming. Usually it would erupt in spurts, but this time it was just a massive, continual spout that shot into the air several inches above his cock and then flowed down onto the girls' hands.

He had no idea how long it all took. When the flow finally let up it didn't really feel like the orgasm was over, because he was still hard as a rock. At some point he realized that his legs were holding Terry and Jessie two feet above the bed, and he eased them down, amazed that he had been strong enough to do that.

The girls were just staring at him in shocked amazement. When they were finally able to breath again they just leaned forward and laid down on him with their heads on his chest, their legs still straddling his thighs. It was warm, wet and dead quiet on the bed for several minutes.

I love happy endings, so I wrote three, pick your favorite:

1. After a long while Jessie broke the silence. "I think its time we moved on to stage four," she said softly.

"And what would stage four be?" asked James.

"I think you know," she answered.

2. After a long while Terry broke the silence. "I would have to say that sexual therapy has turned your brother into a sexual dynamo," she said. "Have you told him about our plans?"

Jessie smiled and looked down. "Not yet," she said.

"What plans?" asked James.

"Well, Terry has decided to move in with me," she said.

The words hit James hard, he feared he was about to be booted from the apartment. "I guess I'd better start looking for a new place," he said.

"Actually, we were really hoping you'd stay here with us," said Jessie. "We've decided that we kinda like having a nice cock around the house."

3. After a long while James broke the silence. "That was the most incredible experience I've ever had," he said. "Thank you both."

"I think we've trained you well," Jessie said. "I think there are a lot of very hot girls out there who are going to be very pleased when they get a piece of you."

"Maybe so," said James. "But to be completely honest with you, I'd much rather stay right here in this apartment and spend my nights almost having sex with my sister and her lesbian lover." 