Bathed in Sun, Naked Sister
byHeyAll©

Day 1

It was a family vacation.

Maggie sat in the backseat as they headed down the California coast. Everyone in the small family was there. Her father, her mother, and her brother.

She hadn't seen much of them in the past several months. Not since she moved to San Francisco for art school. She wanted to be a fashion designer. Or anything in the field of fashion.

Her younger brother lived at home and attended a nearby university.

And since they had time off for summer, they decided to go on a trip together, down to the nice resorts of Southern California.

***

It was heaven, Maggie thought.

There was hardly anyone around the private resort. Her father, a corporate attorney, had paid top dollar for a small private villa by the shore. They had a perfect view of the beach.

The villa only had two rooms. One for the parents. And another for Maggie and Jeff. Luckily the siblings had separate beds.

It was going to be a lovely weekend.

After relaxing for the morning, they had a nice family picnic on the sandy beach. Maggie wore her bikini, with a large white T-shirt over it. She was eager to work on her tan, but she didn't want to do it in front of her family. That would have been much too awkward.

Other couples from nearby villas came and befriended Maggie's parents. They got along quickly and had a lot in common. Even though it was supposed to be a family vacation, the parents appreciated having adult conversations with other business professionals.

'Perfect,' Maggie thought.

It was her chance to sneak off and work on her tan.

"Maggie, take your brother with you," her mom said.

Her mom was a caring person, and she always made sure the siblings stayed close with each other. And she especially didn't want Jeff getting bored while the other adults were talking.

And so, Jeff was reluctantly made to follow his older sister. Maggie became slightly upset at the sudden loss of privacy, but she was going to tan anyway, she figured. She carried a small beach blanket, some lotion, a small bottle of water, and off they went.

"Where are we headed?" Jeff asked.

"I don't know. Any place where there's privacy. I don't want anyone seeing me tan. Well, except for you I guess since we're stuck together."

They continued their short walk down the shore. It was a hot day and the sun was already taking its toll.

Finally, they found the right spot.

They were by the edge of the beach. There was no one nearby. It was more than enough privacy for sunbathing. Maggie spread her beach blanket on the sand and prepared to lay on it.

"I'm going to take off my T-shirt," she said. "Don't make this weird, okay?"

"Holy shit."

"Jeff, this isn't a big deal, okay? I'm sure you've seen a hot body before."

"Not you," he said. "Look, over there."

Maggie turned her head to see what her brother was looking at.

"What is it?"

He pointed further down the beach. "Do you see that?"

When Maggie squinted her eyes and looked closely, she saw a small hut, with two people, and someone taking their picture. The two people were completely naked. A lady was on her knees with her face in a naked guy's crotch. Her head was going back and forth.

"Is that a fucking blowjob?" she asked incredulously.

"Either that or some new yoga technique."

"Jeez. What kind of place is this?"

"That definitely wasn't in the brochure that dad showed us," Jeff replied. "But hey, who's complaining?"

Jeff kneeled down, and so did Maggie. They didn't want to get caught. But they wanted to watch for a moment, especially the enthusiastic young Jeff. They simply watched for several long moments.

In a flash, a thought came to Maggie's mind.

"Wait a minute, why are we watching this?" she asked.

"I don't know."

Jeff's eyes were still glued to the sexual action.

"Pervert. I'm going to work on my tan. Keep your eyes on the blowjob and don't look at me. Okay?"

His eyes remained forward. "Got it."

Maggie pulled off her T-shirt and laid on the beach blanket. Her bikini-clad body on full display. She stretched and found the perfect position to lay. At least Jeff wasn't going to be looking at her body, she thought. Jeff was too busy looking at something else.

It was serenity. She finally got the sunbathing experience she wanted. Through the corner of her eye, she saw her brother still occupied by watching the oral encounter. It was weird, but gratefully, there was silence.

"Excuse me. You two are on private property."

The voice was strong and stern. Maggie turned to see a much older man with a peeved expression on his face. He looked upset that they had (apparently) trespassed, and more importantly, that Jeff was watching the oral encounter.

The man continued coming closer.

"You're not supposed to be watching this."

Maggie got up and quickly put her T-shirt back on.

"We didn't know this was private property," she said.

"Fair enough," he said, calming down. "But now you've been told. So please, leave. People your age shouldn't be watching this."

"We're both legal adults," she staunchly replied.

The man calmed down even further. "Oh, my apologies then, I assumed you were younger."

"Well, I'll take that as a compliment then," Maggie replied.

"That doesn't change the fact that you're on private property."

"Okay, okay, we're going. And if you're so concerned about the law, then you should really do something about that public blowjob over there."

"You should check the local ordinances lady. And we also have permits."

"What are you, some sort of porn company?" she asked.

"Modeling company, now please leave."

Maggie looked closely at the guy's T-shirt, which had a small company logo on it.

"Do you work for Buckel Fashion Works?"

The man smiled, "Yes, that's us."

"Wow, I'm actually an admirer."

Maggie went over to greet the man with a handshake while Jeff looked relieved that he wasn't in trouble for spying.

"I'm Gustafson," the man said.

"I'm Maggie. That's Jeff," she replied, pointing to her brother.

"You two are dating, I'm assuming."

"Yes, we are," Maggie said before her brother could comment.

"Well, it was nice meeting you both. Enjoy the rest of your stay here."

"Do we still have to leave?" Maggie asked.

"Yes, we're working."

"You know, I'm an art student in San Francisco. My goal is to work in the fashion industry. I've actually studied some photographic images from your company. And I've even used some for presentations."

Gustafson gave a hearty laugh. "You know, I'm the founder of Buckel Fashion Works, don't you?"

"Apparently not. I didn't know that."

"Well now you do."

"It's a huge honor to meet you. Really. But what's a fashion company like yours doing filming a blowjob on the beach?"

"We're not a porn company," he said defensively. "We don't distribute porn, and we never well. They're newlyweds. And they've hired our best photographer for a romantic shoot. That's all."

"I've done some modeling work before. Do you think we can meet your photographer and look at your set-up? I'd love to see how you operate."

"And why should I allow that?"

Maggie thought for a moment. "I think we can help each other. You see, I know a lot about modern techniques in regards to computer enhancements and so forth. I can help make those blowjob pictures even more gorgeous. And I can teach it to your crew. I've gotten high marks in the art academy."

"What do you want in return? An internship in San Francisco?"

"That sounds good. I mean if you think I'm a good fit."

Gustafson thought hard and gave a sharp stare. "Okay, that sounds like a fair deal. We'll see what you can do. If you've got skills, then maybe we can collaborate. I'm always looking for new talent."

A broad smile appeared on Maggie's face.

***

The siblings were allowed to enter Gustafson's villa. As it turned out, he was on a work-vacation. He enjoyed the beach view. And he also assisted some clients who wanted romantic pictures taken. In a way, helping couples was a chance for Gustafson to enhance his game and try new things. He was always looking for new ways to stay innovative.

Maggie and Jeff got to meet the young newlywed couple after they went back inside the villa. It was awkward for the siblings, given what they saw. But the couple didn't seem embarrassed at all. They were proud of the explicit pictures they had taken.

Later, Maggie put a few touches on the photographs using the computer. She made the images look more appealing by enhancing certain colors and using nice shading. Everyone in the room seemed impressed by Maggie's skills.

"Well done," Gustafson said. "You did a nice job."

"Thank you," she smiled.

The newlyweds and photographer also complimented Maggie on the beautiful enhancements.

After a while, the newlywed couple left, and so did the photographer. It was a beautiful day and no one wanted to be stuck editing photographs any longer.

"I've got good news, and not-so-good news," Gustafson said.

Maggie nodded. "Let's hear it."

"I've been texting with the manager of our San Francisco division, and we've just finished a new round of hiring. We've already got enough art people, probably from the same art academy that you currently attend."

"Oh," she replied with a sad voice.

"The good news is, I like you. You've got talent, and you've got moxie. You're a pretty cool chick."

"Thanks."

"So how about a modeling gig?" he offered. "I think you look good. You've got a natural spark which many people find appealing. That is, of course, if you're interested."

"You bet!" she said with a sudden burst of energy. "I've done some modeling work for a part time job. So I know the drill."

"Do you have a portfolio?"

"I do, but I didn't bring it. I have some pictures on my phone. Professional stuff that was shot in a studio. Hang on a sec."

Maggie reached for her phone and searched through it. Then she showed a few pictures of herself to Gustafson, who examined it very carefully.

"Very nice. Cute face, nice body, and you've got a sassy attitude. Why don't you come back tomorrow when the photographer is here? We'll take some nice pictures of you and see where things go from there."

"Sounds great."

They all shook hands, and the siblings left.

***

"Can you believe that?" Maggie beamed while walking on the beach towards the family villa. "I mean, wow, I might actually have a chance to work for Buckel Fashion."

"I can't believe I actually saw all that stuff."

She squinted at her brother. "You're a virgin, aren't you?"

"No," he scoffed. "Of course not."

"Don't bullshit me, Jeff. You were like a zombie looking at those adult photos. A sex crazed college student sex-obsessed zombie. It was like there was nothing else on your mind. Admit it, you're a virgin."

He huffed, "So what if I am?"

"There's nothing wrong with that. I think it's great that you're saving yourself for marriage."

"It's not that."

"So you're looking, but you've had no luck," she replied.

"Basically."

"You're a handsome guy Jeff. And your personality ain't bad. You'll find someone soon enough."

"Thanks, I guess."

Day 2

After breakfast, the parents began to socialize with the other adults in the nearby villas. That gave Maggie the perfect excuse to leave and do her own thing. But of course, she had to take her brother with her. There was no way around that.

She had tied her hair in a nice ponytail, and she wore her best bikini, with a large white T-shirt over it.

The siblings walked alongside the shore again, towards Gustafson's private villa.

"How come we can't admit that I'm your brother?" Jeff asked. "It's pretty unusual pretending to be your boyfriend."

"I know, but I had to make a split-second decision. If he knew that you're my brother, he might not have let us join. After all, they were taking sex pictures. Who would let a pair of siblings look at sex pics together? That's just weird. So it's better if he thinks that we're dating instead."

"That makes sense," Jeff nodded.

"Plus Buckel Fashion Works are known for their sensual and sometimes erotic images. Gustafson might have been too creeped out to let a brother & sister look at any of his photos."

"I can't say I'd blame him. But like I said, it's unusual pretending to be your boyfriend."

Maggie stopped walking and looked at her brother seriously. There as a no-nonsense expression on her face.

"Listen, I really want to work for that company," she said. "It's my dream to work for them. I love their work. So please, don't screw this up for me."

"I'll be on my best behavior."

"Good. And be forewarned, their pictures are edgy and artsy. Don't be surprised by what you see."

"We've already seen a lady suck her husband's dick yesterday," he replied.

"I know. But this is different. I want to become a model for them. Hopefully, that'll lead to a designing job in the future. Remember, I'm desperate to work for them, okay? Don't forget it."

"Got it."

***

The siblings met with Gustafson along with the Italian photographer (who didn't speak a word of English) outside the villa. They had a brief conversation sitting around a table drinking lemonade. Maggie was asked about her goals and passions.

She explained that she had always been attracted to the world of fashion. She further explained that she was attracted to the artistry and freedom of that industry. She talked about all the different courses she had taken at the art academy, and which ones she excelled in.

"You sound like the type of person we're looking for," Gustafson said. "Now let's begin the shoot. I'm sure your boyfriend will enjoy watching."

"I'm sure he will."

Maggie gave her brother a playful wink.

"Also, keep in mind that I don't always make the final decision when it comes to hiring. I'll send these pictures to San Francisco, and they'll decide."

"That sounds good," Maggie smiled.

"Great. I'm sure they'll love you. If not, they'll find something else for you to do if there's a future opening."

"I really look forward to helping this company in any way possible."

Gustafson nodded. "That's the attitude I like. Now let's get started."

***

They all went to the beach together, right by the ocean waves.

Maggie had removed her T-shirt and modeled in her bikini. She struck different poses for the Italian photographer while Jeff and Gustafson just watched.

She was a natural at posing and modeling. There was a vibrancy about her. Her love-for-life attitude made her even more attractive than she already was.

Then, the Italian photographer spoke.

Gustafson translated, "The photographer says to remove your top."

"What?" Maggie asked with a shocked expression.

"Is something wrong?"

"No, it's just that, I wasn't expecting this."

"You're familiar with our type of work, aren't you?" Gustafson asked.

"Yes, but..."

"Buckel Fashion Works is a growing brand because of our sexy and classy edge. I assumed you would understand what kind of shoot this is."

"I do."

"If this isn't your thing, then..."

"It is!" Maggie proclaimed.

She reached back and untied her bikini. All the while, she gave her brother a subtle expression which said, 'sorry about this. We'll discuss this later."

And then, she pulled her bikini top away and tossed it to the sand.

And her breasts were exposed.

They were small with an upturned perky shape.

She saw Jeff look extremely uncomfortable, but after a moment, he tried to control himself. Jeff didn't want the others knowing that they were actually siblings.

For some reason, seeing her brother so flustered actually made Maggie kind of excited. Maybe it was because she was teasing a virgin. Or maybe it was the taboo. Whatever the case, she had a job to do. And she did it.

Her pert breasts had a bikini tan line. Her body had a slight tan, but her breasts were pale white, in the shape of white triangles on each chest. It was the first time her breasts had been exposed to the sun in a very long time. And she enjoyed it.

It was the first time anyone had ever taken pictures of her breasts, and she enjoyed that even more.

A slight breeze came and it made her pink nipples stiffen.

She struck different poses and the camera snapped away.

The moment gave her an exhilarating rush. Gustafson, the photographer, and her own brother were staring at her topless. Her pictures were being taken and she was on a beach with the hot sun on her tits.

The adrenaline only gave her more confidence and bravado. And that translated perfectly towards her modeling.

"You're something special," Gustafson said, almost transfixed by her beauty.

She smiled, "Thank you, sir. I feel great."

The photographer spoke in Italian, and Gustafson listened attentively.

"He wants Jeff to remove his clothes and join you," Gustafson said. "Let's make this another couple shoot."

Jeff immediately protested, and Maggie gave a diplomatic response stating why it shouldn't happen.

Gustafson listened, and he tried to be understanding.

"Very well," Gustafson said. "My photographer is a very passionate man. His specialty is eroticism, especially between couples. That's his favorite."

"Can we continue with this shoot?"

Gustafson spoke to the photographer in Italian.

"He says he's done," Gustafson said. "He doesn't want to take any more pictures unless it's a set for couples. I hope you understand, my photographer is a very stubborn man. However, he is the best in our company. A true artist."

"So, should I put my top back on?"

"Yes, you've been amazing."

Maggie quickly reached for her bikini and put it on. In some ways, it was a relief to be covered again. But in other ways, she had been enjoying the exhibitionist moment.

***

After the photographer had left, the siblings were alone with Gustafson. They were inside his villa and he had emailed the pictures to his team in San Francisco.

"I'll text you later when I hear their opinions," Gustafson said.

"How do you think I did?"

"You're a natural. You've got spunk. There are many beautiful women in the world, but you've got something which can't be taught. I really like you. And I think the rest of my team is going to like you also."

"That's so wonderful to hear," Maggie smiled. "It's been such an honor working with you, and your photographer."

"Likewise. And I apologize if my photographer and I had offended you earlier. We should have given you notice about the couples pictures he wanted."

"No worries."

He nodded. "You two looked bewildered at the idea. Especially Jeff."

"My boyfriend is a very shy person," Maggie smiled again.

Jeff simply stood awkwardly with a stiff expression.

"That's okay," Gustafson said. "Being photographed is a lot harder than people imagine."

Maggie pondered for a moment. "Just curious, but what would have happened if we had actually taken couples photographs together?"

"Well, those types of sexually explicit photos show raw emotion. Obviously, we don't distribute any images like that in our advertisements or promotions. But we often use couples. So I think my team in San Francisco may have potentially looked more favorable towards you."

"Really?"

"I believe so. San Francisco is a tough market. They need the very best and the bravest. If I recall, some of our recent modeling hires had submitted sexually explicit photos. It showed that they were fearless and open to anything. That type of confidence is very powerful."

"Interesting."

"You look like you're having second thoughts," Gustafson noted.

"Not exactly," she replied. "But what if I was?"

"No big deal. The photographer can come back tomorrow and we can resume."

"So we can still do the couples photographs tomorrow?"


"Why not?"

Maggie raised an eyebrow. "And what sorts of things would that require? I mean, do we have to get naked or anything?"

"That's usually expected."

"But I mean, specifically, what do the people in San Francisco like to see?"

Gustafson thought for a moment. "Based on past models who were hired, our managers like to see nudity between couples, to make sure the model has an easygoing chemistry and can work well with others. But also, they like to see actual sex acts. As I've mentioned, it shows that the model is fearless and has an open attitude towards sex. And that type of confidence translates well in our official photographs. That's a big reason why our marketing has been so successful. Our models exude sexual confidence."

"And these test pictures, no one will ever see them outside of the team, right?"

"Right," he confirmed. "They're strictly confidential. And we have an extremely tight confidentiality policy. After we make a hiring decision, we delete those pictures if the model wants."

"In that case, Jeff and I will come back tomorrow," she smiled.

"Are you sure?"

"Positive. Make sure your photographer is here."

"You're a courage young lady, Maggie."

They shook hands and confirmed the appointment.

***

The siblings headed back to the family villa. Maggie was all smiles, and Jeff seemed like a nervous wreck.

"Are you kidding me?" Jeff asked.

"Please, I'm in a great mood, don't screw it up."

"Sorry but, are you kidding me?"

"Look, a modeling job from Buckel Fashion Works could potentially start a career for me once I graduate," she replied. "It's my dream job. And they pay a lot of money. So if you go along with it, then I'll be happy to compensate you later."

"Screw the money. How do you expect me to get naked in front of you and a camera? I'm not that kind of guy. I have dignity."

"No you don't. I've caught you jerking off to porn so many times."

He blushed, "That was a long time ago. Big deal."

"My point is, you get to see my breasts again. You liked seeing them today, didn't you?"

"I'll pretend you didn't just ask me that," Jeff replied.

"Well, you get to see them again. All you have to do is stand there for the shoot. Remember, the pictures are going to be deleted later. So who cares? It's nothing to worry about. Plus I'll pay you later."

"But I'm terrible at the modeling stuff. I'm so awkward in front of the camera."

Maggie shook her head. "Doesn't matter. They're only looking at me. I'll do all the work. You just stand there. Okay?"

"You always talk me into doing these crazy things."

"You're the best."

She wrapped her arms around her younger brother and gave him a big kiss on the cheek.

***

Late that night. Maggie & Jeff were both in bed while their parents slept in the other room.

Jeff was asleep while Maggie was busy texting with Gustafson underneath the covers.

According to Gustafson, the team in San Francisco were "impressed" with Maggie's potential, but they still wanted to see more. They wanted to see how Maggie would interact with a male figure on camera. The implication was that they wanted to see Maggie doing sexual stuff with someone.

After thinking for a few moments, Maggie texted back:

will do. Have a good night gus

And that was the end of their late night texting conversation.

The promise had been given. The arrangements had been made.

Maggie laid in bed wondering if she could actually go through with it. With her own brother? Of all people. Him?

She came to the realization that it might not be so bad. It was just sex stuff. They were both legally adults (although Jeff was a virgin). And they would both be consenting. It would feel good. It would probably be humiliating for Jeff, but he would get over it eventually, she figured. Especially if she was able to make him cum really hard.

It would have been well worth it to get a job with Buckel Fashion Works. Plus, in some very strange way, the whole situation was kind of arousing to Maggie. It was fun modeling herself topless. And it was, even more, fun doing it in front of her virgin brother.

All she needed was his approval.

But getting Jeff's approval wasn't rocket science. He was a typical horny young college student. Bribing him should be simple, she figured.

Maggie got out of bed. The bedroom was lit by moonlight, as the curtains were open, and it was a full moon night.

She tip-toed over to his bed. Then she sat beside him as he slept.

"Wake up," she whispered.

Jeff didn't move. Then she poked him.

"Wake up," she whispered again.

He slowly moved. "Huh?"

"Shh... It's 11:38. Keep it quiet."

"Why?"

"I need a favor."

"Can't we talk about this in the morning?" he groaned.

"No. We need to talk about it now."

He sighed, "What do you want? If it's about the photograph thing, fine, I already said I'd do it."

"I know, but it's a little more complicated than I thought."

"Even more than getting naked?"

"What's the furthest you've ever gone with a girl?" she whispered.

"Huh?"

"You heard me. Answer the question."

"Maggie, that's private."

"Just tell me."

He sighed, knowing that arguing was useless. "I let my ex-girlfriend stroke me down there. I did the same to her."

"Did you cum?"

"Jeez."

"Just answer the question. Did you cum? Did it feel really good?"

"Yes, to both."

Maggie reached underneath her virgin brother's thin blanket. Her hand moved to his shorts. At first, Jeff put up some resistance towards the inappropriate touching. But then he relented. Maggie was able to slip her hand inside his shorts.

It only took a split second for Maggie to touch the bare skin of the soft manhood.

"Here's the deal," she said. "Tomorrow, we're going to do everything together. That means, whatever the photographer wants, we'll do. Okay?"

"But...but..."

She squeezed his cock tighter. "No 'buts.' You have to do it. In exchange, you won't be a virgin anymore. We'll work out the details later, but that's the general agreement. Okay?"

Her fingers massaged his ever growing penis.

"Okay," he said meekly.

"Good. Now, we have to act natural tomorrow. It has to seem like we've done sex stuff before. Obviously, since they think we're a couple. So, we have to get some practice. Okay?"

Jeff's eyes widened. "Okay."

"Now be very quiet. No moaning. We don't want mom & dad to hear. They'll be very upset if they knew."

Maggie clenched the hardened cock and began to stroke. She stroked and stroked. The siblings looked at each other, the moonlight on their faces as Maggie masturbated her younger brother.

He made short gasping noises. He had been jerked off before, but it wasn't nearly as good as the way Maggie did it. Maggie was a pro. And she knew exactly what men liked in a hand job.

Jeff began to grunt and moan. His body tensed. He tried to keep the noise levels down.

"Promise to be good tomorrow?" Maggie whispered.

"I promise."

"You better."

Maggie swiftly dove her head underneath her brother's blanket. Her lips quickly found the hardened cock. She stroked furiously and Jeff came.

With her lips around the tip of the erection, her mouth sucked & slurped every drop of cum. Everything. Right down to the last drop.

When it was all clean and Jeff had nothing left, Maggie pulled her head out and tucked her brother's cock back inside of his shorts. Then she fixed his blanket so it was nice and neat.

"Good night," she whispered.

With that, Maggie tip-toed back to her bed.

Day 3

The next morning. After a family breakfast, the siblings went back to Gustafson's villa. Their parents were once again spending time with the other adults for a private boat ride.

The siblings walked alongside the shore and Jeff was anxious while Maggie was excited.

"Will you relax?" Maggie said. "You act like something terrible is going to happen."

"Well isn't it?"

"Orgasms are a bad thing all of a sudden? You didn't have a problem last night."

"That's different. That was private. This is going to be on a freaking beach with two guys watching, then god knows how many other people looking at our pictures."

"Focus on the orgasms, Jeff. Focus on the orgasms."

***

They reached the villa and Gustafson greeted them warmly. It was another friendly chat. And for the first time, Maggie was beginning to feel the nerves. The magnitude of what she was doing was finally setting it. It made her excited and scared at the same time. The contrast of feelings made her aroused.

"I spoke to my San Francisco team again this morning," Gustafson said. "They reiterated that you have a lot of potential. They basically agree with me. All they need is a little more proof of how seductive and sexy you can be in front of the camera."

"I can't wait."

"Well, you've almost got the job. You should be getting a fairly generous offer once you get back to SF. I think you'll be pleased."

"Glad to hear it," she replied. "My ultimate goal is still to become a designer. But I think this is a great step in the right direction. Assuming it goes smoothly."

"Maggie, your potential is limitless. If you get hired, which I suspect you will, then you can do whatever you want when the opportunities arise."

She smiled.

***

They all went to the shore together, but this time, Maggie was dressed in a towel, nothing else. She was completely naked underneath.

The anticipation was in the air as Maggie felt the sun on her skin and sand on her feet. It was actually happening. And there was no turning back.

Her eyes surveyed the beach. There was no one around in that area. She worried that people would spy on them, much like how she and her brother spied on that other couple having oral sex. But it didn't matter. She tried not to think about that.

She continued walking until her feet were near the water. Then she was told to remove the towel. And she did.

The towel was tossed aside.

And Maggie's naked body bathed in the sun.

She was completely naked. Her tan-lined figure was revealed to Gustafson, the photographer, and her very own brother. The tan lines were on her breasts and cleanly shaven pubic area. But thanks to the naked photoshoot, she might not have those tan lines for much longer.

"Gorgeous," Gustafson smiled.

"Thank you."

"Now in the water. Play. Have fun. Be free."

Maggie smiled and turned to face the ocean waves. She revealed her naked ass, which also had tan lines, and proceeded to head towards the water. A wave hit her feet. The water came in a fast rush. She went further in the water until it was up to her knees.

When she went far enough in the water, she turned around and showed her naked front side to the men. The camera had been snapping away. She smiled and moved around. She splashed the water and had fun.

Her body glistened from the water on her skin, and the bright sun shining on her. It was the most vulnerable she had ever felt in her life, being naked in front of others. Yet, there was also a sense of freedom which came with the liberation. It was arousing to her.

She became even more aroused knowing that her body movements had left the men tantalized and spellbound.

Gustafson looked pleased by what he was seeing. The photographer was busy doing his job. And her brother Jeff looked uncomfortable, yet very aroused. Nudity wasn't something that Jeff was used to seeing in person, and especially from his own beautiful sister.

The photographer spoke in Italian, and Gustafson listened.

"He says to have the boyfriend join," Gustafson translated, turning to Jeff. "It's your turn to remove your clothes. Go in the water and play with your girlfriend."

Jeff momentarily froze. He didn't know what to do. It wasn't until he looked at Maggie that he finally moved. She had a look on her face which said, 'Don't you dare screw this up for me, or you're in deep shit.'

It was the kind of look which only a domineering older sister could give. And it worked. It always worked. With a confidence and beauty that Maggie had, who could resist?

Jeff stripped down in a mechanical way. There was nothing sexy about it. It was just like undressing in the doctor's office. Only it was for an incestuous photo shoot.

Maggie's eyes widened at her brother's raging erection. It was the first time she had ever seen him naked.

Despite his nervousness and apprehension, Jeff's cock revealed his true feelings. It was the ultimate indicator that he was ready for action. And it showed that he possibly had secret desires for his sister.

'Holy shit, this is actually happening,' they both thought.

"Come over here," Maggie said seductively to her brother. "The camera is nothing to be afraid of."

Jeff got in the water and approached her.

"How sexy do you want this to be?" Maggie asked Gustafson.

"It's really up to you. However, keep in mind that the San Francisco team are very open minded when it comes to sex. They've seen a lot. Nothing really surprises them anymore."

"Oh yeah? Watch this."

And with that, Maggie grabbed her brother by the shoulders and pulled him forward, kissing him sloppily on the mouth. It was a wet hot kiss. The kind that siblings should never give each other. But it was necessary for the job. No one would ever know.

She did all the work, slobbering on her brother's mouth. She even slipped her tongue inside. All the while, Jeff stood still as a board. The poor guy was completely in shock over what he was feeling. He had kissed girls before, but none was as beautiful as his own sister.

"He seems very shy," Gustafson noted.

Maggie ended the kiss. "That's okay. I'll loosen him up."

They resumed the hot kiss, with Maggie leading the way. She later ended the kiss and put her lips to her brother's ear.

"Suck my tits," she whispered.

"Huh?"

"Suck them. Make it look natural and hot."

"Oh god," he whispered.

"Just do it. Don't screw this up."

She pulled her brother's head down towards her chest. He hesitated at first but then began to suck her hardened pink nipple.

Once her nipple was being sucked, Maggie leaned her head back and gave a blissful look. She wanted to sell the fact that she could be sensual on camera. And she did. She peeked at the men watching through the corner of her eye, and they appeared to be thrilled by Maggie's facial expressions.

Something had taken hold of Jeff and he began to suck harder. He sucked both of Maggie's pink nipples and fondled her pert breasts.

"Nice job," she whispered.

"Mmm Hmmm..."

His mouth was too busy sucking to reply.

Maggie knew that he was getting carried away. She knew he would like it. And that only made the experience even more pleasurable. She enjoyed the feeling of her nipples rolling around in his mouth, and her tits being sucked.

"Oh wow," she gasped.

"That looks wonderful," Gustafson said. "Now let's move things along. Is there anything else?"

Maggie thought quickly. There was an innuendo in Gustafson's voice. A sexual innuendo. He wanted to see something explicit. And since he was the boss, he was the man to please.

She put her hands on her brother's chest. It was a signal to Jeff to stop sucking and stand up straight.

"Don't move, okay?" she whispered to her brother.

"Are you going to...?"

"Yes. Now stay still. Relax and enjoy."

Then she dropped down to her knees. The ocean waves were to her stomach. Then she grabbed a hold of his throbbing cock.

She looked up and winked at her brother. Jeff looked down with disbelief. Neither of them could believe it. She strokes him a few times to loosen the mood. Maggie winked at him again. Yes, it was about to happen. That was her simple message to her younger brother.

Without any further delay, Maggie took the erection inside of her mouth and began to suck. Immediately, Jeff groaned loudly. Receiving oral sex wasn't something he was used to. And it felt amazing.

She sucked and sucked. Her head bobbed rapidly. Her lips wrapped tightly around the shaft. Her hands stroking and rubbing. Her tongue licking.

There was a strange feeling inside of Maggie while she sucked her brother's cock. Sure, she had always enjoyed sucking cock. According to her past partners, oral sex was her specialty. (And Maggie agreed). But this was different than simply being in private. This was something else entirely.

She was doing it in public. In front of two professional men. Right on the beach with the sun on her body. The ocean waves. Most of all, she was sucking off her own brother. It felt twisted and wrong. But the taboo of everything involved was incredibly hot. She loved the fact that she was making Jeff squirm with the actions of her mouth. She knew he could barely stand from the oral assault. Her oral sex was that good.

Jeff groaned, "Oh my god...I think I'm going to...I think I'm going to..."

She briefly took his cock out of her mouth and she stroked him.

"Cum in my mouth baby. You know how much I love your cum. You taste delicious."

After giving that dirty talk, she continued sucking.

The siblings looked each other in the eyes. Jeff exploded in Maggie's mouth, and she continued stroking and sucking. She didn't dare stop until Jeff was completely drained of all his cum. And that's what happened. He shot his loads until nothing was left. She winked at him in a playful way and removed her mouth.

Jeff playfully fell backwards into the ocean water. It felt that good.

Maggie looked at the camera and winked. Then she licked her lips. Then she winked and licked her lips at the same time while the camera continued snapping photos.

"That was...it was unbelievable," Gustafson stammered.

Gustafson was rarely a speechless man. But on that morning, he was.

***

Later that night. Jeff was sleeping. Once again, Maggie was in the midst of another late night texting session with Gustafson. It was a short and sweet conversation. She was more than pleased with the results.

After the texting ended, she got out of bed and went to her brother. She woke him up by pushing his shoulder.

"Wake up," she whispered. "Wake up."

His eyes slowly opened. "Hmm?"

"Look."

Maggie showed her brother the phone. She scrolled down to show images of the photos they had taken that day. Various images of Maggie completely naked, playing under the sun and splashing the ocean water. Images of them passionately kissing. Images of Jeff roughly sucking Maggie's nipples. And finally, images of Maggie sucking cock and swallowing cum.

It looked like something out of a porn website. Not something that siblings would do. But that's what happened. Jeff was shocked seeing the pictures, but also aroused. Who wouldn't be aroused at images of Maggie naked and performing oral sex? The girl was beautiful and had a sensuality about her.

Despite the hardcore nature of the photographs, there was also a classiness and beauty to them. The photographer was a pro. And his pictures were top quality stuff.

"Now look down here," she whispered again.

She scrolled through the text conversations with Gustafson, and showed Jeff a picture of a contract.

"The people in SF liked my pictures," she whispered. "This is the contract they sent me. It's for part-time work. It pays nicely. Gustafson said that I could potentially do design work in the future. Can you believe it?"

"Wow, that's nice," he whispered back.

She nodded. "Remember we made a deal? If you were good today, then I'll owe you back? Well, today you were great."

"Yeah, thanks."

"Are you ready to lose your virginity?"

His eyes widened. "Huh?"

"Shhh... Keep it quiet. Okay? We don't want mom or dad waking up. I have a tendency to make guys become noisy during sex, especially with a trick I do with my vagina."

Maggie pulled his blanket away. The anticipation was growing. Then she pulled his shorts down, exposing her brother's manhood. Both of them became anxious. The cock was flaccid, but it quickly grew. It didn't need any further stimulation aside from the offer of sex. Being exposed in front of Maggie was enough to make any man aroused.

Report Story
byHeyAll© 32 comments/ 298272 views

Siblings or not, Jeff's cock wasn't immune to Maggie's sex appeal. The cock quickly stiffened and pointed upwards.

Maggie removed her own pajama bottom. She never wore panties to sleep. All that was left was a big T-shirt, and she was braless underneath.

She climbed on top of her brother and guided the cock to her hole. No lubrication was needed. She had already been wet from the idea of fucking her own brother and taking his virginity. It was a surreal taboo. And she was daring enough to actually try it. She had already known that it would feel amazing for the both of them.

And why not? She had already given him his first blowjob. Why not be his first love making partner?

Maggie's rationale was, if Jeff was going to lose his virginity, it might as well have been with her, instead of some college slut. After all, they had always been close with each other, and Jeff had done her a big favor that day.

She straddled her hips to get comfortable with Jeff's cock inside of her. They looked each other in the eyes while she slowly began to gyrate her hips. Their faces were lit by the moonlight. She moved her hips in a slow and controlled manner. It was a technique which Maggie had proudly perfected. Start slow, and work things hard later on.

"How does your first pussy feel?" she asked softly.

"Un...fucking...believable."

"That's what I like to hear."

She put her hands on Jeff's chest and leaned on him. Jeff reached up and fondled his sister's tits through her T-shirt. Maggie's breasts felt soft and delicate. The nipples hardened and poked through the fabric of her T-shirt.

"Shhh...." she whispered.

And that was when she picked up speed. Her hips moved faster. She knew how to make a guy feel good. After receiving a nice modeling contract, she felt that she owed him. She wanted to make things feel extra special for her virgin brother. And she did just that.

She did her famous vagina trick. She clenched her pussy tightly when she moved up, and released when she slid down. It achieved its desired effect when Jeff's eyes widened and he was about to release a loud groan.

But Maggie was quick enough to prevent that by putting her hand over his mouth. It had been anticipated.

"No noises, remember?" she whispered. "We wouldn't want dad to know that we're fucking in here. And we wouldn't want mom to know that I'm taking your virginity. This is our secret, forever."

She clenched her pussy and thrust. Her hand was still covering her brother's mouth.

"I know how badly you want to cum. I can tell. It's okay. Do it. Cum inside my pussy."

After a few more moments of her vaginal technique, Jeff came inside his sister's pussy. She clenched her vaginal muscles tightly and quickly rocked her hips, up and down, then back and forth. Her tight little hole maintained a strong grip on the ejaculating cock.

"That's it," she whispered. "You're almost done. Almost there. That's it."

She continued working her pussy until Jeff went flaccid. Then Maggie was finally able to relax her vaginal muscles.

She climbed off him, and instead of using tissue for cleanup, she used her mouth, slurping everything up. Her lips and tongue made sure that Jeff was clean. Then she swallowed what was in her mouth. When it was done, Maggie pulled her brother's shorts back up, and she covered him with the blanket while he simply laid there in bliss.

She couldn't resist teasing him one last time, by patting Jeff's cock through the blanket.

"Good night," she smiled. "And thanks again for the help today. It's not something I'll forget."

Maggie went back to bed. She didn't bother cleaning his cum from inside of her pussy. And she didn't bother putting her pajama bottom back on. She simply went to bed bottomless, with her brother's cum inside of her.

The End

Your votes & comments are appreciated.

