CFNM with Sister
byncgremlin©

I was 22, my sister was 20. Almost 21. We both were still staying at home. I was looking for a job, she was in photography school. Now we got along for a brother and sister. My sister is very pretty but I never had never and would never thought of or have sex with my sister. Even though I have masturbated thinking of her catching me masturbating. I wasn't lucky with females and she was the only one that I really knew and was close to.

Anyway, this one day we were at home folding clothes and we were talking and she brought up maybe someday I can take nude photos of you. I was taken aback at first wondering if she was serious. So to see if she was serious I said ok. She looked up at me and was like what are you serious? I asked if she was serious? We had an awkward silence then both said at the same time yes. Which I was kind of half serious and half not and found out later so was she. I felt a stirring down below but nothing major. So we picked a Saturday that we knew that mom would be out shopping. When mom goes shopping she is gone all day.

So, the day arrived and once we were alone my sister said that I didn't have to do this if I didn't want to. I said its ok I don't mind. She made sure it was warm enough for me. Once she got set up she said anytime I was ready I could take off my clothes. So I started taking them off and set them aside. Once I was fully naked I was facing her. I saw her eyes go down to my penis and it grew just a little bit but not much. I was able to control it not getting any bigger at the moment. But I did see a smile come over her face though which I almost lost the control off keeping myself soft. So we started. She took her pictures. I posed. About an hour or so later she said lets take a break and if I didn't mind I could just stay naked. I said I was going to.

She had on jeans and a polo type shirt and said she was going to go change, she was getting pretty warm. I went and sat down at the kitchen table. It was a few minutes and when she came back she had on shorts and a t-shirt. That did it. I couldn't control my penis any longer and boom, it got hard as a rock quick. She couldn't see it. She looked at me and said you look flush or blushing you ok. I said yes. She asked if I was sure. I said yes. We went back and forth and then she asked if I wanted to still go on. I said yes but I need a moment longer. She said again are you alright. Then as I said yes, all of a sudden she smiles and says did you get an erection. Is that why your red. Cause your embarrassed. I looked down and she was like OMG you did. Are still erect. I was still looking down and she laughed and then said sorry she didn't mean to laugh. She said we don't have to continue if I didn't want to. I said I would like to but I am embarrassed getting an erection. Then she said she wondered if that was going to happen.

She said if it might make me feel more comfortable why don't I come out from the table and let her see it. Maybe that might help with my embarrassment. It took a moment and I stood up and walked out in and stood in front of her. She said oh my you definitely are aroused that is for sure. As I stood there as we talked about anything to try and see if it would go down but it wasn't. She said this isn't helping is it, her sitting there looking at it huh? I said no. She said it's making it stay hard isn't it. I blushed. She said no need to blush after all I have raging hormones and she is a female. I said but she is my sister. She said yes but still a female with a naked guy with raging hormones what else was going to happen but getting an erection. She said she knew. We took more pictures but with me using various things to hide my erection.

After about another hour or so we stopped and I took away what was in front of my erection and I was still hard as can be. She said damn she thought it would have gone down by now. She said not to be funny but I must be really excited. We sat there on the couch and talked for about another 20 minutes when she said you must be very frustrated right now and probably want some relief. I said yes. She said if I wanted to I could go take care of it if I wanted to or stay there and take care of it while she watched. After all she asked if she was the one that caused it. I said she was but I couldn't believe she was willing to watch. She asked if I minded her watching. This was my half my fantasy come true. She didn't catch me masturbating but she was willing to watch. She said what's it going to hurt, her watching me. That was true. I asked her to move so I could lay down on the couch. She moved to the end of the couch. It took a moment before I wrapped my hand around my shaft and started stroking. I tried to go slow to let it last but I couldn't was way too excited and her watching and being able to see everything from where she was sitting. I mean seeing me totally naked, my balls, my erection, my hand stroking my erection. My whole body in other words. It didn't take but about 2 minutes or so and I was squirting all over my chest and stomach. When I was done she got me a towel and I cleaned up.

She said I probably should get dressed as its getting later and mom might get home soon. As I got dressed she told me that if I ever needed to and was very frustrated like this again she wouldn't mind watching me again. If I didn't mind that is.


CFNM with Sister Ch. 02
byncgremlin©

Sister was six months from graduating photography school. She had to do a portfolio to graduate. She wanted to do like what author s do with their books. Have a picture of themselves at the end of the book. Well, sister wanted a picture of herself at the end of her portfolio. She asked if I would take some pictures of her. I had taken a few photography classes but nothing like what she had taken. I told her I would. We had picked a day to do the picture taking. When the day arrived she had set up her camera and the other equipment. So all I had to do was point and shoot. I started to take pictures of her. They were mostly shoulder and above shots. I don't know what it was but after a bit of taking pictures next thing I knew I got an erection. It was one that I knew wasn't going to go down without having an orgasm. I kept taking pictures until she wanted to take a break.

When we stopped she looked at me and asked, "Are you alright, you look flush."

I said, "I'm fine."

She said, "The last time you looked like this you had an erection."

She looked down as she said that. Then her eyes went wide and she said, "OMG, you have an erection, don't you?"

I blushed some more and she said, "OMG you do. Why?"

I said, "I don't know. It just happened."

She asked, "Would you mind if I saw it again?"

I was going to protest but she said, "If I didn't show it to her, she was going to tell everyone what happened."

This wasn't helping my condition any with her wanting to see it. In fact it was making me even harder. I started to undo my pants.

She said, "Not your pants first. I want you to take everything off starting with your shirt, then your pants, then your underwear. "

She sat down and I stood in front of her and I started with my shirt. Then I finished undoing my pants and sliding them down and taking them off. She saw the bulged in my underwear and got this big naughty teasing smile on her face.

She said, "Well I'm waiting."

I put my hands on my waist band of my underwear and slowly slid them down over my erection and let them drop to the ground and stepped out of them until I stood there in front of her totally naked with my penis sticking up and out at her, twitching. She sat there looking at it for a moment .

Then she said, "Much better, huh? Much better than keeping it inside your pants? It looks very hard and your balls look so firm and puffed up."

She asked, "Would you mind stroking it for me?"

I wrapped my hand around my shaft and started to stroke it.

She said, "Slow down, not so quick."

So I slowed down and stroked as she watched.

She asked, "Feels good, huh?"

I nodded and said, "Yes."

She had me stop and she had me step closer. Then she asked, "May I?" And without waiting for a response she reached up and wrapped her hand around my shaft and started slowly stroking my erection.

She said, "Damn it feels so hard and really warm too." She smiled and giggled as she said it. Then she reached up with her other hand and caressed my balls. After a moment she saw my legs starting to tense up and my breathing had gotten shallow and I started moving my hips so she stopped and let got of my erection. She sat there looking at it some more for a moment. Then she had me sit down next to her. We talked for a bit about other stuff but I stayed hard. My erection didn't go down. Not even a small bit.

Finally, she asked, "Don't you want some relief?"

I nodded and said, "Yes."

She said, "Then why don't you masturbate to orgasm while she watches."

I wrapped my hand around my shaft and started to go slow. But it didn't take long. I started to go faster and was pushing my hips up as I continued to masturbate for her. After about two minutes this stream of cum came out and went up high into the air and came down landing on my stomach and chest. She jumped when she saw it come out and how high it went. I got in about 5 more squirts before my cum only started to dribble out of my erection.

When I was done she said, "Wow that looks like a lot of cum. Bet that felt really good to squirt, huh?"

All I could do was nod. After about a couple of minutes she got me a towel and I cleaned up but she wanted me to stay naked as I took more pictures of her. Which I did. I stayed somewhat semi hard. Since I was staying naked for her.



CFNM with Sister Ch. 03
byncgremlin©

I had walked into the living room and saw that my sister, Jennifer was sitting there on the couch. She said she was bored and wanted something to do. I sat there thinking about what would be a great past time, but before I could think of a good idea, she got this smile on her face.

Jennifer said, "Let's make a bet."

I said, "What kind of bet?"

She said, "Let's pick a card and whoever gets the high card wins."

I asked, "What if you win, and what if I win?" She said, "If you win, I have to get naked and if I win you have to get naked. Whenever you or me want either of us to and keep our clothes off until one of us says it's ok to put them back on." I seemed skeptical at first and was about to decline when she blurted out that I could do whatever I wanted her to do if I won, but she would never have me do anything that would make me really uncomfortable.

I got an instant erection when she said she would get naked if I won. As if drawn by a magnet, my sister's eyes just happen to look down at my crotch and she saw the tent I had in my sweat pants.

She giggled and said. "It looks like you're up for it."

So I agreed to her bet. She proceeded to stand up and get a deck of cards. As she stood up, I couldn't stop admiring her again for the millionth time. When she came back, she picked first, grabbing a random card from the deck, but didn't show me her card. I picked a card and had a 5. She smiled and showed me she had an 8 which means I lost. She looked at me and smiled, saying, "Come on take them clothes off." She had a huge toothy grin on her face. She sat there in her jeans and t-shirt watching me as I started to take off my clothes. I started with my shirt, slowly lifting it over my head, watching as if a sun rose on my sister's face, the look of pleasure that dawned on her face. Then my sweat pants were next and as I stood there in my underwear and socks, Jen piped up that she wanted the socks off first and my underwear last. The bulge in my underwear seemed to get even bigger. I could tell her eyes were focused on the bulge in my underwear and she said, "Take them off. I want to see it."

I put my hands on my underwear and pushed them down to my ankles. I let them drop to the ground and stood there totally naked with a major hard-on in front of my sister as she sat there, fully clothed, looking at me naked and staring at my twitching hard-on. She sat there staring at my hard-on as it pulsed and it took her moment to say something and she said, "Are you always in this condition."

I said, color rising in my cheeks, "Well I am like this a lot and I do get aroused and hard very, very easily."

"Hmm that's good to know," she replied.

Then she told me to stroke for her. I did what she asked and slowly pumped my engorged cock up and down. She told me not to squirt yet, so I ended up having to stop as I got close to orgasm. She had me sit next to her. As I plopped my naked ass beside my sister, she leaned over to my ear and whispered that she hoped I liked being teased because that is what she is going to do to me. She put her hand on my leg and caressed it. Her hand felt so warm and soft. She asked, "Did I prefer playing with it myself or having someone else play with it instead?"

I told her, "I liked them both the same."

She said, "Really?"

Then she took her hand and wrapped it around my shaft, her hand barely able to get all around. Then she slowly started moving her hand up and down my shaft. All I could do is just sit there and moan with pleasure.

She kept slowly stroking and said, "Are you sure you like them both the same?" and she giggled as kept slowly stroking my erection.

She saw I started to leak a lot of pre-cum, so she stopped and commented on the pre-cum coming out.

"Someone is really excited. Look at the pre-cum coming out already. You must want to cum, huh?"

I nodded and said yes, but she wasn't done teasing me. She laughed as I struggled between bliss and anger. She looked down at my erection and my balls and she started reached down and started to caress and tickle my balls.

She said, "MMMM, these are nice and firm and puffed up. They must be full of your stuff huh?"

We sat there and talked some more as she teased my erection and balls with her fingers and finger tips. Suddenly Jennifer decided to go and get some food from the kitchen. As we stood up, she dropped her hand, letting my erection drop a little. I was quite ready to explode, but I knew it wasn't what my sister wanted. We made sandwiches and had chips, making sure to bring some with us to the living ream before we continued some more fun. I sat there as I knew she wanted to keep an eye on my erection. At one point my erection started to go down a bit. She let it go semi soft and then she put her hand on my leg, caressing my thigh and watched as my semi hard penis grew to full erection again.

We continued eating and talking and then my erection started going down at some point again. It took a while for it to go somewhat soft due to the soft hands that caressed me, or the hot girl sitting next to me. She got up after a moment and turned on the tv and turned to this channel on cable and all of a sudden up popped up a scene of a female having her way with a naked guy. She watched as my penis sprung right back up to being totally hard again and she giggled.

She said, "I told you I was going to tease you."

I said, "I know and I don't mind at all. In fact I am enjoying the teasing and the torture She said, "You better watch out what you tell me. After all, I just may tease you at any time and any where, even when you have clothes on." She shut the tv off after a few minutes, watching the couple on screen go at it like little bunnies. In the reflection of the darkened tv, I could see Jen eyeing my cock again and before I knew it, she reached over and started to stroke my erection again. She had stopped and started to pay some attention to my balls again. "How are these boy's doing?" she asked, fondling and cuddling my balls between her fingers.

I said, "Starting to ache, but doing ok."

She asked ,"Besides squirting, how to you get some relief if you don't cum right away, or don't want to cum right away?"

I said, "I said I get something really cold and put them against my balls and that helps with the aching."

So we went and got some ice and put it in a bag. Putting the bag to my balls, the soothing cold seeping into my balls. The ice pack really helped and my penis stayed sticking up for her. She had me stroke it again for her as she caressed my leg, moving over to my balls after a bit while I stroked my erection for her.

She asked, "Do you ever get bored of using your hand all the time on your hardon?"

I said, "No."

She asked, "Do you masturbate in any other way other than using your hand?"

I said, "Yes I do, I sometimes like to rub up against something."

She asked, "Like what?"

I said, "My bed, or pillow."

She asked me to show her. So we went to my bedroom and she sat there on the edge of my bed as I took my pillow and positioned it, laying on my stomach. I layed on top of my pillow and started to thrust my hips up and down causing my erection to rub against my pillow.

She laughed and said, "Your having sex with your pillow, that is so cute."

I had to get up and she asked what was wrong. I told her nothing. That I was going to squirt. She said can't do that yet.

I was kneeling on my bed with my hard-on sticking up and she said we need to go clean up our food. So we went downstairs and cleaned up quickly. As we were washing and drying dishes she dropped the hand towel as I turned and it fell on my somehow still hard erection. She giggled and said good catch. Then she said she wondered what else it can hold up. Distracted, we tried a few different things like a hat, a jacket a bigger towel, toilet paper, paper towels, and other things. She was having so much fun with my erection.

We were finally sitting there on the couch after finding out that my erection was really strong and she had just had me stroke it again for her. It was twitching so much now. She looked at how much pre-cum was pouring out of it. She said, "You have been so good and such a good sport."

She wrapped her hand around my shaft and really started to stroke it. I knew there was no way I was going to not cum this time. All I could do is sit back and let her have her way with my erection. I put my feet up on the coffee table and was kind of stretched out for her. She took her other hand and started to caress and tickle my balls. I could couldn't take it. My body tensed up and I felt the hand that was stroking me go to the base of my erection and I pushed up with as much force I could muster. As I started to cum, she pulled down on my erection. With each squirt she would pull down. I almost felt like I wasn't going to stop cumming, but I finally did. When I was done. She looked down at my stomach, chest and neck and said, "OMG look at all that cum you spewed out."

All I could do is sit there and nod and try to catch my breath. Then she said to me

"Just because you came, doesn't mean your going to be putting on your clothes. I still want you to stay naked for now until I say otherwise."

So I stayed naked for her, cum soaking into my skin.


CFNM with Sister Ch. 04
byncgremlin©

It was a warm Saturday afternoon and after playing around outside, I had gotten my shirt and pants streaked with mud. I had gone in and taken a shower. After I finished and toweled off and Jennifer had knocked on the door and said she had to go to the bathroom badly. I wrapped a towel around me and opened the door, letting her enter the washroom. We had only one bathroom, so it was pretty inconvenient for the two of us. I tried to go to my room, but she blocked me.

She said, smiling, drawing circles with a foot, "I don't have to go. I was just trying to make sure you didn't get dressed. I want to see you naked and hard again."

As soon as she said that, a tent formed in the front of the towel.

She said, staring at my crotch expectantly, "Well got one of out of 2 things down. Now all you have to do is get rid of the towel."

So I took the towel away and gave it to her. There I stood in front of her, totally naked with a raging hard-on as she stood there in jeans and a halter top. She looked down and smiled.

She said, "That is so much better now isn't it?"

She put the towel in the hamper and motioned me to follow her. She had me follow her into my room and she sat on the side of the bed.

She sat there and as I stood there facing her with my erection sticking up and out at her. Looking at it, she said, "I want to see you hump your pillow again."

So I got on the bed and took one of my pillows and positioned it on my bed. I then lowered myself on top of my pillow and started to hump against it for her. After a few minutes of intense humping, I could feel myself starting to tense up, reading to cum. Making sure I don't ejaculate too soon, I get up and look up at Jennifer for my next move As I knelt there, with her looking at my twitching hard-on she asked, "Do you ever think of anything or look at any pictures as you rub against the pillow?"

I said, "Yes."

She asked, "What do you think of? What kind of pictures do you look at?"

I said, "I look at all kinds of pictures of females, like ones of your friends, playboy pictures, and much more. I think of rubbing against them or having sex with them."

She got this smile on her face and got up, leaving me alone in my room. She came back later with a picture in her hand.

She said, "Here is a picture that I want you to use right now as I watch you." She then proceeded to give me the picture. It was a picture of her in a pair of shorts and a short sleeved shirt. I got back down on the pillow and put the picture in front of me and started humping again as I looked at the picture as she watched. I thought about just slowly and sensually stripping her down, sliding those shorts down her toned legs and slowly lifting up her shirt, staring at her breasts. As my mind wandered off to more dirty thoughts with my sister, I had to get up as I was about to cum.

She asked, "So what were you thinking about?"

I told her, "I was thinking about slowly stripping you and what it would be like to be on top of you, rubbing against you."

She asked, "Is that all you were thinking about?"

I said, "Well, maybe what it would it would be like to be inside you as well."

She said, "I don't know about being you being inside me, but that I would think about letting you dry hump against me sometime. Maybe."

She wanted to see me rub against my pillow one more time, looking at her picture and then we would go to down to the living room and have some more fun. So I rubbed against the pillow again for her, letting my brain unfilter all the dirty things where I did things I shouldn't be doing to my sister. When I got up, we left my room and went to the living room. We sat there for a short bit before she had me do anything for her. After about 15 or 20 minutes of my erection just sticking up there, she finally had me stroke it for her. I had to stop again before cumming. We sat there for another 5 or 10 minutes until she reached over and stroked it for a bit. She had to stop when she saw my body start to tense up. We talked for a bit and she had me get us something to drink. When I came back, two beers in hand, she said, "I like to watch as your erection bounces around as you walk around."

And she giggled, laughing at some unseen joke. After downing the beers, Jennifer decided that she was a little hungry and she had me get us a snack. She then had me stroke for her some more and she stroked me some more. Then she asked me which of her friends I wanted to have sex with. I told her which ones. Then she said maybe she will set me up with some of her friends and if they didn't have sex with me, she herself could lend a hand or watch as I made myself cum. She smiled and giggled a lot, thinking about me and one of her friends fucking like there was no tomorrow. We watched a bit of tv, leaving my erection alone. Finally, which I didn't think it would go down until I squirted, it started to go down a bit. We let it go down and finally she reached over and wrapped her hand around it and started to squeeze and stroke and I was hard as a steel pipe in no time.

She said, "Damn that was quick and you're harder than a rock."

I said, "I feel like I could drill into a bank safe with it right now."

She laughed and said, "It feels like you could do more than that with it." And she laughed some more as she kept stroking it. She stopped and caressed my balls and asked how they were doing. I said aching and wanting some relief. She said soon.

She said, "I like seeing you in this condition. I probably enjoy seeing you in this condition way to much but I just like seeing you naked, horny and excited. I don't know of any guys who would be willing to be naked, horny and hard in front of me and let me tease and torture them like you do."

I told her, "I don't mind it. In fact I am enjoying as much as you are enjoying and I don't mind the fact that you keep your clothes on. In fact, that adds to me being horny and hard, even though I would have to admit, I wouldn't mind seeing you naked, but if you never take off your clothes in front of me that's ok though. I don't mind getting naked, horny and hard for you. I said if I did mind I wouldn't be doing it or have made that bet that started this all off."

She said, "Good."

With that she reached over gave me a few more strokes. Then stopped and watched some more tv. Then she had me stroke it for her some more. After about another hour of us playing with my erection on and off she said, "There is something I almost forgot about. I wanted to try something that I had read about. Stand up." So I did.

She stood in front of me. She reached over and took my balls into her hand and was in such a way that my erection was up against her forearm. She smiled and giggled and said, "Don't move your hips, if you do I will stop and will never ask you to get naked for me again. Understood?"

I nodded and she began to move her hand and as she did her forearm moved, causing my erection to rub against it. Even as horny and hard as I was, this was going to take a bit for me to cum like this. She continued moving her hand. After about 15 minutes all of a sudden my body and knees started to tense up. My breathing had changed and Jennifer said, "Your going to cum aren't you?"

All I could do was nod. I pushed against her forearm and started to cum all over her forearm as she kept rubbing. It got on the floor and all over her forearm. When I was finally done my hard-on twitched and jerked from my orgasm as she cleaned off her forearm. After a few minutes, I was semi hard. Jennifer said, "Remember no clothes till I say so."

So I stayed naked as she was still fully clothed.
