College CFNM Society
byMissKateKees©

Chancellor Leo Nilsson of Athena University sat at his desk sifting through the records of funding for the Universities' student Societies. Unlike most Chancellors who left the day to day running of the facility to their Vice-Chancellor, Leo was an interfering busy body who practically lived in his office since his divorce four years ago. Now, 52, slightly overweight and balding, Leo had nothing much in his dull life other than his Chancellorship, whose mandate he had expanded into every aspect of the Universities' administration.

His Vice-Chancellor, the demure Ester Lindgren, sat bored before him, bored and irritated, tapping one of her louboutin high heels against the desk impatiently. She had divided the funding based on the usual parameters of popularity and the societies general worth to campus life. She didn't need a Chancellor picking through her work like this.

"Wait a minute." The sad excuse of a man said to her "What's this society that has the largest funding? 'The CFNM Society.' It just says alternative lifestyle in the description?"

He peered over his glasses to her, expecting an explanation. Ester sighed and slowly got up from the chair, taking her time to straighten out her jacket and skirt. She leaned over the desk to him and gave him a mischievous grin.

"Surely you must know what that society is Leo?"

The ageing man could not help but gaze at her graceful demeanor with desire. She was tall, far than taller than him and had a habit of towering over him when she wanted to make a point. Even at 40 she had youthful features, though they were usually fixed in a frown for Leo. Her brown ringlets tumbled down past her shoulders. A tight, buttoned up jacket covered up small yet perky boobs and her skirt would have to be defined as 'short.' Underneath her skirt, stockings, and to complete her elegant persona, louboutin heels, always in heels to even further her height advantage over him. Snapping himself out of his daily perving of Ester, Leo responded:

"How am I supposed to know what it is from that description? What do these initials stand for? What exactly is CFNM?"

Speaking slowly with a not so subtle hint of condescension for his ignorance, Ester explained:

"CFNM stands for Clothed Female, Naked Male."

Leo guffawed at her mention of nudity; "What! I don't get it!?"

She rolled her eyes at his naivety and sat down again. Lifting up her legs, she rested her heeled feet on top of his desk and reclined, as she often did, without censure. Her skirt pulled high to give Leo the slightest view of the lacetop of her stockings.

"The girls are in charge, the guys of the Society go nude at their meetings."

Leo could not believe what she was so calmly describing. "It's clearly not that, it must be a joke right?"

Detecting the hint of fear in his voice, the Vice Chancellor replied:

"No Leo. No joke. I've been to many of their weekly meetings to check, I'm happy to say it's all true. The guys are completely stripped bare and have to obey their female superiors."

"-But why, what's their motivation?"

"Well, from what I understand from my fact-finding visits to their group, it's based on rejecting the outdated notion of male superiority. Young women like these students are becoming more independent, sexually liberated and with that they have discovered a taste for dominance over men.

Likewise, the men of the Society have accepted that the concept of male dominance is a lie. They're not afraid to recognise their natural submissiveness to women and have yielded to the female dominant. They remove their clothes to display their vulnerability and inferiority, giving the women total power over their minds and bodies."

Leo felt his cheeks burning as he listened to Ester destroying the patriarchal notions he had always assumed would rule forever. The suggestion that bright young men would willingly surrender to female authority? Absurd! Trying to appear non-pulsed, he tried to laugh it off;

"So let me guess, these meetings consist of half a dozen militant feminists sitting around desperately staring at the door in hope that a guy will be stupid enough to submit to them lol!"

Ester responded with a withering scowl:

"Actually no Leo. They are inundated with male applicants. There's a lengthy waiting-list. They only allow twelve or so, they are very picky on the quality of men allowed in. Erik Forsberg was one of the latest guys to be accepted. As for the girls, there's about twenty with an exec of three led by Katrina Nyberg."

Leo could barely believe it. He wasn't sure whether he wanted to believe it. Erik Forsberg? The star of the University soccer team? The kid highly tipped to go professional? He was the hero of campus, flawless to look at. To imagine him nude, at the command of his female classmates, unthinkable! And yet Leo could not help himself, he tried to picture the scene; that beautiful tall blonde boy, stripped of his clothes, toned muscles on display for all, his penis...all those girls surrounding him, commanding him, robbing him of his clothes and modesty; a smiling Katrina Nyberg came into his mind's eye.

Oh yes, he knew of her, how could he not. Nineteen years of age, she was the daughter of the Universities' biggest financial backer, her millionaire heiress mother Claudia. In the confines of his office, Leo had spent many guilty moments with his trousers around his ankles, shamefully masturbating to the publicly available facebook pictures of this young goddess Katrina. She was undeniably beautiful, a pale winter queen, with a penchant for very short skirts that showed off her long legs. Her delicate blonde hair was so long that it nearly reached her waist. Truly, there was something enchanting and enticing about her that Leo could not resist.

Despite her beauty, Leo resented her. In those sordid moments, as he stared at her pictures, jerking his little unloved cock, he felt bitterness towards this little rich bitch. He had to dance to her mother's tune for funding and here she was, this smug arrogant brat in her designer short skirts and silk blouses, seemingly enjoying all that life gifted her.

To compound his envy, her records showed outstandingly high marks from all her tutors despite the suggestion from her online profile that she was nothing more than a party girl with little time for studies. Whenever he confronted these male tutors about her consistently high marks, they talked with such reverence for her as if she was their own daughter.

And now this. The thought of Katrina and her smug friends, ordering fine young men like Erik Forsberg to unclothe and submit to them, to expose their innermost secrets to them? It was dizzying for Leo. But to his shame, he felt his penis press excitedly against his briefs, it was rock hard.

"I - I can't believe Erik is part of this. He has his training to focus on!" Leo spluttered.

Ester smiled knowingly, "Oh yes he is. In fact he was my personal butler the last time I checked in on one of their meetings. A most obliging young man. A real credit to the Society."

Leo stared at her in a daze. She seemed very pleased with herself to reveal this. He had to know;

"You mean, you saw Erik? Nude?"

Ester paused to make her point before leaning forward with a grin, "-Completely. He served me drinks all night, charming boy, and he never sought to cover up, not once. He knew it was my right, as a woman, to see him for what he truly is: A naked male that accepts female superiority as a way of life. If only all our male students were as enlightened as him...or even our male staff."

Burning with embarrassment and the shame of picturing naked Erik having to serve Ester, Leo remained silent, trying to take in this secret world that he had stumbled upon. He bowed his head as he couldn't bear to look at the smug sense of satisfaction in Ester's smirk. After a brief moment of silence, Ester needled him further:

"You're clearly intrigued Leo. You want to see what this reversal of power would look like don't you? Why don't you stop by there this Friday? If only to assure yourself that it's worth the funding allocated?"

Still looking down at his desk he meekly nodded his head, he needed to see this. He wanted to see this.

"-Oh and don't worry Leo. I'm sure they'll make an exception and allow you to keep your kit on!"

Her mocking words and subsequent laughter awoke a once dormant desire in the shame-faced Leo. He wanted to see what female rule looked like, he just had to see the ever-entitled Katrina and her girlfriends in charge of naked men.

***

It was a sultry Friday evening. Leo blamed this rare autumn heat for his profuse sweating though deep down he knew it was trepidation of what he was about to witness. He was wearing a heavy woollen suit in an attempt to exude presence and authority. Escaping the humid climate he descended the stairs down to a function room he had been directed to in an email from Katrina Nyberg. She had sounded very enthusiastic in her reply when he had messaged her, meekly asking if he could possibly pop in to a meeting, just to check everything was in order. This tiny level of interaction with this beautiful young woman had been enough for Leo to drop his trousers, lock his office door and masturbate to her facebook pictures yet again.

And now he was just seconds away from entering her domain. Leo was panting slightly, as he entered a door which led to the designated function room. What he found should not have surprised him and yet he audibly gasped in shock. Guarding the closed door with two young male students. He recognised both of them from the varsity rugby team. And both were naked. Completely exposed to him. Standing obediently to guard the door without a shred of clothing to shield their modesty. Leo drank in the sight. Both were short, but very muscular. They looked more like body builders than athletes, real beefcakes.

His eyes dropped to between their huge thighs to discover two very small sets of cocks and balls. He couldn't help but stare at their small offerings, completely out of proportion with the rest of their godlike physiques. It was only later in the week Leo would realise this was the work of an overloaded steroids program but at the time it give him a slightly smug sense of satisfaction that these young studs couldn't hide their obvious flaws to anybody here.

Painfully aware that the Chancellor of the University was staring hard at his penis, the boy on the left let out an embarrassed chuckle and placed a protective hand around his groin, easily covering up everything he had with just one palm. Leo snapped back to reality, straightening up, he apologised to the two men for staring.

They greeted him warmly enough, explaining that they had orders from the exec that he was allowed in 'clothed.' Leo felt a little foolish as he mumbled some words of thanks; that he should have to be grateful to the women for allowing him such basic dignity. They simply asked that he hand over his phone, the Society was a very private affair.

Handing over his phone in the safe knowledge that at least no-one could take a candid pic of him in there, Leo shook himself down and prepared to be allowed in. The boy on the left, still blushing from his exposure before Leo, opened the door and led him in. The music hit Leo first, a racy style of electronica. The lights were partially dimmed but the full vista was suddenly unveiled fully for Leo. His eyes raced across, trying to take in every astonishing detail.

Among the elegant dresses and shining jewelry, the high heels, the perfectly coiffured hairstyles, these cute feminine forms, were a dozen men - a dozen nude men. While these fabulous visions of female beauty sat on couches or huddled together talking in excited tones, the men were clearly there in servitude. Several young, fit, naked men walked slowly among the ladies, their exposed penises hanging low, holding silver trays filled with champagne flutes. Occasionally a girl would summon a butler over, take one without comment, and then shoo him away with a playful slap to his ass.

Leo tried to identify the role of each man. While most were relegated to butler duties, some seem to have other tasks. A handsome black man was kneeling on all fours next to one armchair. Upon his bare back rested the small feet of a very petite geeky looking white girl who couldn't be older than a fresher. She seemed to have no interest in him and was busy reading a journal of some sort.

Leo was struck by this image of interracial servitude. He couldn't resist bending down to look beneath the black boy, only to find a long, heavy stallion of a penis encased in some sort of metal jewellery case. Tapping the usher boy who let him in on the arm, he pointed to this and quietly asked what it was.

"Oh that's a male chastity device. A cock cage. Yes that girl has exams coming up in two months and felt that while she revised hard the least he could do was go without his erections."

Leo was puzzled by such an arrangement, "So he's her boyfriend?"

"-Oh no." Replied the usher casually, "She just wanted him to go without. Any girl here can make any request on a man. If the exec approve it, we have to obey."

"But why?"

"Because girls rule." Replied the boy in a very matter of fact tone, "We accept the need for male servitude. Our role is to assist and serve these ladies in any way they wish."

Leo noticed another young man wearing one of these infernal metal devices around his penis, another had some sort of ring around his balls to which a leash was attached and being led by a very serious looking girl. The boy winced as she marched across the room, his balls being painfully dragged before him. One or two boys had bows tied around their dicks in pretty colours, another had what looked like elastic bands wrapped tightly around his scrotum, which had turned a terrifying blue. While he was eager to inspect the vixens that had made it to this elite society he could not take his eyes of inspecting the young naked men on offer.

There was certainly a mixture; most were very well toned and muscular but some of the younger ones were barely into their development. Their smooth skin and small floppy little cocks hidden away in emerging bushes of pubic hair contrasted starkly to the ripped athletes. Two of the group were black, both reduced to kneeling footstools for the young ladies.

Leo's voyeurism was interrupted by the distinct male voice.

"Good evening sir. Champagne?"

Stood before him was Erik, holding a tray of flutes. On full display was his beautifully chiselled torso, ripped abs and powerful legs that stood wide apart. Dangling low between them, Leo was not surprised. The young stud had a thick, heavy penis with two large testicles. He was completely shaved. Young, hung and full of cum for certain! Leo was jealous of the young man with such a bright future ahead of him before, but now he was positively sick with envy.

Two nubile young girls walked behind Erik, as they passed one teasingly scraped her nails along the back of his shoulder blades whilst the other seemed to take a shameless grab at his steel buns. Erik laughed and exchanged pleasantries with the girls, seemingly completely at ease with his exposed state.

Catching the scent of their intoxicating perfume, Leo took the time to size up the young ladies privileged enough to be part of such a female-centric society. It was clearly considered something to dress up for as all were attired in party-style dresses, like they were going to a prom. This ageing man could not help but feel aroused by these confident young ladies, dressed to impress yet seemingly at ease with their authority over the subjugated nude men.

Leo spotted the ebony beauty of Tamika. Her famous large boobs were practically spilling out of a low-cut dark blue dress. To Leo's delight these magnificent breasts jiggled about as Tamika roughly tied a pink bow around a young white boy's small penis whilst verbally scolding him. Noticing the Chancellor's fascination, Erik helpfully offered an explanation:

"All guys in their trial periods of membership must wear a pink bow, down there. Tamika is very much an enforcer of the rules."

Leo said nothing as he watched with a certain degree of fear as the young black woman slapped the freshmen across the face before pulling him over her lap and unleashing a series of loud spanks to his ass. The boy whimpered but took his punishment, as a small group of girls formed around him, gleefully goading on Tamika as she beat his ass red with merciless rhythm.

Watching this admonishment, Leo suddenly recalled a similar spanking he once received as a teenager, by the hand of his aunt. He'd been blamed for something his cousin Stacey had done and was reduced to tears as his aunt dished out the unfair punishment, with Stacey watching on in glee. He couldn't explain why, but seeing this humiliating form of punishment inflicted upon this naked freshmen, Leo felt excited and fully supportive, silently urging Tamika on as she brought down her powerful black hand down onto his terrified white ass, provoking a pathetic yelp and desperate pleas to stop.

"Enjoying the show are we?"

It was Katrina. Appearing next to him, looking like a true winter queen. She was wearing a pale silver dress that was so short it exposed most of her naked thighs. Her silver high heels sparkled with jewels, as did the extravagant diamond necklace around her slender neck. Her blonde hair fell loosely down her back all the way down to her waist. Leo could not tell if she wore makeup or not, her youthful features looked so natural and effortless to him. A plunging neckline beautifully complimented her pert, braless, apple-like breasts.

In a moment of mad lust, Leo guiltily thought about how he could reach out and grab either side of her neckline and rip it apart to expose her small pale breasts. In an instant he could forcibly drag down this delicate piece of fabric to strip her down to what? Perhaps a lacy thong, a g-string? What gorgeous lingerie did this rich young lady hide away under that dress? How vulnerable she would be, standing there naked before him, clutching her small breasts in embarrassment as he undressed her.

Regaining his composure, the sound of the spanking brought Leo back to earth. Instead of Katrina, it was manhood being stripped in such a humiliating fashion. As Leo looked on in a daze, Katrina toyed with Erik's penis as she whispered suggestively into his ear. Her slender fingers expertly worked their way from tickling his large testicles to roaming their way along the mighty shaft. As she finished making her point, Leo noticed her hand suddenly cupped Erik's balls sharply, eliciting a grunt and ready agreement from Erik on whatever this goddess had been whispering to him. With a final squeeze to his balls, she motioned for him to go away and leave her with a panting Leo. A semi-erect Erik dutifully walked away and offered his tray of drinks to the group of young ladies watching the spanking.

"Welcome to our little club sir!" Katrina beamed an enchanting smile at Leo whilst pushing her chest forward so her breasts were within touching distance for him, "We're absolutely delighted to have you here. It's too fabulous!" Handing him a glass of champagne from a passing naked butler, Katrina raised her glass in turn, flirtatiously suggesting a toast;

"To womanhood?"

Leo knew he'd happily agree to anything this enchantress had to say at this point. "Yes, to womanhood. And to you Katrina!"

"-Why thank you sir!" She responded, leaning forward to slowly place a kiss on his stubbly, weather-beaten cheek.

Leo stood paralysed as she pressed against him. His eyes then lowered to enjoy the full cleavage of Katrina's flimsy dress. He lightly placed his hand on the small of her back as he clumsily returned the kiss and risked everything in a brief moment by lowering his hand to briefly touch her cute derriere as they separated. 

Flushed by the kiss and his cheeky feel of her bottom Leo gulped down the whole flute of champagne. Katrina giggled at this and motioned a butler over to hand a grateful Leo another glass.

"Come with me sir, I need you in a more private setting." Taking him by the hand, Katrina led him away from the door through the throng of the party. Buzzing from the sweet taste of the alcohol and the physical intimacy of being led by the hand by Katrina's, Leo felt a surge of happiness and excitement.

As they went through the crowd, Katrina motioned to the two other members of the exec to come with her. Tamika threw down the poor boy she was spanking to the floor and adjusted her tight dress and her boobs before following them. Katrina led them into a small room at the back and shut the door. Suddenly Leo was alone with the three most powerful girls on campus.

"Allow me to introduce you to everyone sir."

Katrina started with Tamika, of whom Leo already feared. She was known on campus as something of a feminist warrior, often holding rallies against what she perceived as white male privilege. Her wicked tongue and aggressive style often rendering her male detractors, including several of her lecturers, dumbstruck and suitably chastened. Despite his fear of what Erik had described as the society's 'enforcer', Leo could not help but allow his eyes to roam freely over her curvy ebony body, barely contained in the tight dress she was wearing. He concluded her boobs were at least a D cup, but doubted few men had had the privilege of squeezing those luscious beauties. Tamika met Leo's invasive gaze with an ice cold stare, filling him with dread.

"And here is Harriet, our youngest yet most precocious member."

Leo recognised this was the young studious girl who had been busy revising while resting her feet on the chastised black stallion in the main room. That such a small, meek-looking girl could imprison a proud black penis in a cage like that astounded him. He was vaguely aware of her already. She had received the highest marks in the country before coming to Athena University and was highly praised by her female tutors as a genius. Before now, Leo had found her prodigious reputation insufferable, such talented women threatened to take jobs from men.

Yet seeing how such a small delicate thing could so effortlessly command authority both excited and terrified him. He concluded she wasn't much to look at. Short auburn hair, small boobs, and a very straight-laced full length dress. But the amused smirk she was directing towards him cautioned him; she was a dangerous mind to cross. Tipped for great things, while Leo cowered under her teenage presence.

Sat on the only chair in the room while these three powerful young ladies perched on the table, their dresses rising slightly up their thighs, towering over him; it was a struggle to remain any sort of confident composure.

Katrina knew he was struggling and decided to tip him over the edge. Giving him a sultry smile, she slowly parted her legs. Just slightly. Leo did not even try to hide it. His eyes went straight down to the flowery white pattern that was her underwear. For the next half-hour as Katrina talked of her hopes and plans for the CFNM Society, Leo remained silent and nodded along, never once breaking his eyes away from the thin, elegant material between him and Katrina's pussy.

Flustered, sweaty, hot, horny, confused. Leo tried to piece together the conversation. He had agreed with her on the reality of female superiority. That as 65% of university students were female, it was only a matter of time before most top jobs in the country were female-controlled. That most men were scared of this when instead they could embrace it and enjoy it. The CFNM Society gave young men a chance to break free of old-fashioned patriarchal ideas and accept their new place in a female-led environment. The Society was conditioning its members for the future. For men to become good and dutiful husbands and homemakers. For women to become successful leaders, thinkers and law-makers.

Leo was told in no uncertain terms. He could join and embrace this. They would waive the lengthy waiting list and induct him tonight. Katrina would be his personal mentor and take care of him. Or, if he refused, he could watch as they whipped up the entire female population on campus against him.

The politics of it mattered to Leo very little. As he sat there with his erection pointing up against his trousers for all three ladies to notice. He simply wanted whatever meant spending more time with and under Katrina. Passionately expressing his desire to do anything they wanted of him, Leo took the plunge. He had never felt more alive.

A brief squabble broke out. Each girl wanted Leo as their personal protégé. For a 52 year-old divorcee, to be fought over by these young women was mesmerizing. It was the most attention he'd got in years and was grateful for it. But Katrina held firm. She hugged him deeply, pressing her firm body against him. Leo was in heaven as she planted a kiss on his cheek and told him she was very proud of him.

Before he could realise the full consequences of his lust-fuelled choice, he was being led out by the hand back into the main room. The full grouping settled down and gathered around Katrina as she held Leo's hand protectively beside her. A few sniggers from the younger girls jolted Leo into realising he was still pitching a tent in his fine suit trousers.

"I've a wonderful announcement everyone," Began Katrina rather triumphantly, "we ladies have long since realised that we are progressing towards a female-led society. In our lifetimes, women will come to dominate all senior professional levels, will out-earn husbands and will begin to shape laws and cultures in a way to be reflect this new reality. With these changes, we will ensure a lasting female-led society, and never see men rise to the top ever again."

The women in the audience loudly approved. There were some whoops and cheers and a few gloating looks thrown towards the humbled naked men of the group.

"And as for you cocks in the audience..." cue more laughter towards the males in the room "you have realised where your true place lies: Beneath us. Serving us. Stripping yourselves of your clothes and status and begging to obey female rule. The power of the pussy, gentlemen, worship and obey it."

Even the men applauded, many now sporting healthy erections as they elatedly pledged to obey Katrina and all of womanhood.

"Now there is man who has until now held the misguided notion that 'he's in charge...' " As the laughter broke out, Leo realised Katrina was staring hard at him. She was referring to him. Like an accusation. Speaking slowly she asked him "Who rules this campus?"

His throat was dry and he struggled to admit it. "...you-you do Miss."

Hands on her hips with a cruel grin of satisfaction, Katrina defeated the Chancellor with one final word.

"Strip."

Leo was transfixed with fear. He couldn't do it in front of all these students. All these young girls who he was meant to be in charge of. Oh no, this was too much, why did I get myself down this rabbit hole?!

But there was no turning back, to the delight and cheers of "OFF! OFF! OFF!" from the young audience, Tamika and Harriet went about undressing him in a very matter-of-fact way. Howls of laughter broke out as the proud man's trousers were yanked down and he stumbled to step out of them.

Before he could pluck up the courage to resist, Leo was standing in front of the baying mob in his little cotton briefs. The overweight and ageing Chancellor was now a pathetic-looking figure. All the authority of his lofty position had stripped away from him. To these students, he was now a sad joke. Katrina stepped forward, giving him one more manipulating look of sweet conquest, and pulled them all the way down to his ankles.

Leo did not look at anything but kept his eyes fixed with enchanting Katrina's. The seductress had in one evening stripped him down to an embarrassment in front of the students. His little hard stubby erection bedding in a thick bush of greying hair drew a tittering of laughter and derision from the girls in the audience. The youthful men sniggered at the shameful sight.

Sporting a proud smile, Katrina pointed towards her shoe. Leo knew what to do. Meekly getting down on all fours, he leaned in and gently placed a kiss on the jewel-encrusting high heel. At that point, he knew there was no turning back, he must serve and obey Katrina, and hope she would be merciful in leaving him with a career intact.

Another heel stamped down next to his head causing instant fear, it was Tamika's. "Come on white boy!" Leo passionately placed a series of kisses on the leopard-skin high heel, desperate not to incur the wrath of the ebony goddess. Kicked sharply in the ass by Harriet, he was commanded to see to her little shoes. The latter was the only one for which he felt resentment. The smug look of the 1st year girl gave Leo a lingering pain of angst. She would be very influential woman one day. But already, at 18, this girl possessed more power than the now quivering Leo, as he sullenly kissed her scruffy shoe, struggling to accept this new reversal.

Though part of him did feel guilty for previously dismissing her for not being attractive. He risked glancing up at her to see her youthful face and wide penetrating eyes glowering down at him. His cock twitched in excitement as he planted hard kisses upon her shoe once more.

"More!" She demanded in a petulant voice. Leo obliged, fully understanding that this 18 year old girl as good as owned him. He pathetically yearned for a crumb of approval from her, though she remained disdainful towards this broken man. He was now desperate for her approval; "Anything Miss Harriet, anything you want!"

Tamika interrupted, grabbing him by the ear and dragging him, so he had to crawl to keep up. He was told to now introduce himself to the other female members of the CFNM Society. As he made to get up a heel bore down on his back, pushing him once more onto his hands and knees.

Tamika instructed him in a mock tone, "You will crawl for the rest of the evening, 'Chancellor.'"

Feeling truly embarrassed that his little penis was still hard and proof that it actually enjoyed the humiliation, he sighed and crawled one by one to each pair of feminine shoes and dutifully planted a kiss on each. Each pair belonging to a young college girl whom just a few hours ago Leo had assumed authority over. His ass often being slapped as he went by, a snide comment on his small dick size got a huge laugh while another threatened to lock it away in a chastity tube for the rest of term.

A new pair presented themselves before the crawling man. These were black with a red sole. They weren't? He knew this pair, it can't be, not her, not here...he looked up - it was! Oh please no!

Standing authoritivley above him, hands on hips and wearing a broad 'gotcha' grin, was Ester Lindgren, his Vice-Chancellor.

Leo searched his mind for an explanation. Some reason as to why the Chancellor of a prestigious university would be crawling around naked, obeying female students. No, there was simply no way to get out of this. His ambitious deputy had him over a barrel and they both knew it.

"Well, well, well Leo! I only suggested you check out that the Society was genuine, I didn't expect you to fully get behind the idea of female authority! You were very quick to whip your cock out for these nice young ladies weren't you? You realise you're old enough to be their father!"

Leo stuttered, dumbfounded and humiliated. She'd ruin him. She'd take his job, he'd never get another again after this got out.

"That's it then." He said resigned to his fate "You're going to get me fired aren't you."

Before she answered, Ester took her time to assess her 'superiors' naked body, noting the horrid thick bush of hair around a very stubby little dick.

"Hmm what was that? Oh no, I'm not going to reveal this, I fully support your lifestyle choice."

Leo collapsed to the floor in relief. How kind of her when she could have stripped everything away from him!

She continued in a more wary tone "I don't see why you can't continue in your role now that you've embraced a belief in female authority. Although of course, you can't be a hypocrite! I'm sure Katrina and the girls will be watching that your actions remain faithful to their principles." As she said this she pulled Leo's jaw up so he was gazing up to her stern face.

"And of course, anything they - or I - say regarding little changes or new ideas, you will slavishly obey."

Leo had no choice but to vigorously agree. Satisfied with that, Ester let go of his face:

"Now. I don't believe you've done me yet..."

Leo was confused by her meaning, until she waved her left foot at him. Of course. He bowed his head in shame and gently, repeatedly, kissed the expensive high heels of his deputy, the woman whom until now he'd dismissed as an irrelevance.

Before the meeting broke up for the night there was the final matter of the Society's group photo. With Leo and the other men kneeling at the front, girls standing tall and proud behind them, the flash of the camera snapped. For Leo, there was no going back. From now on, it was life under female rule.

The weekend was uneventful yet torturous for Leo. He had now been granted access to the CFNM Society's website. And sat in a damp heap in front of his laptop for most of Saturday and Sunday as he went through all the old postings and photos of the site. It seems there were CFNM Societies at many other universities too. And some big companies. Even a secret one in the Riksdag. The female members across the country seemed very interconnected. Story after story of these girls going on to great things after graduation filled him with both pride and a little dread. They were now successful lawyers, judges, even politicians. All secretly sworn to put their belief of female superiority into action.

One such woman, Justice Greene had been the famous judge in a recent divorce case, setting a precedent that cheating husbands must surrender all their wealth and assets to their claimant wives. Another former member was now a high-flying politician in the FemNow Party and tipped for future Prime Minister. Reading these stories of talented women taking charge, Leo felt a guilty urge to masturbate. However, Katrina had asked him to abstain from doing so until she gave permission and he felt uniquely bound to her command.

-Monday-

Leo was sitting idle at his desk that afternoon when his secretary, Linnea, knocked on his door and entered. She was a mousy, shy creature. Though clearly very attractive with her bright green eyes under dark, thin eyebrows and a lithe athletic figure, she was every inch the professional. Leo often lusted for her to dress more provocatively like Ester but the polite young girl never did anything out of turn and Leo reviled her for it.

"Excuse me Mr Nilsson sir. There are two students here who wish to see you, Tamika and Harriet? I don't believe they have an appointment..."

Leo jolted up to an upright position in his chair at the mention of their names. "It's quite alright! Let them in at once! Stop getting in the way Linnea!" Being flustered he snapped at her, wondering why Tamika and Harriet would dare to come here, to his inner sanctum.

Clearly dismayed by his sudden outburst, Linnea meekly let the girls through and left them to it, closing the door behind her. Leo tried to compose himself and act in charge. "Well hello girls. You're both looking lovely this fine afternoon, I-"

"I don't think your flattery is appropriate mister." Said Harriet sharply. In an instant, she had asserted herself over Leo once more, who slumped into his chair and remained silent.

Tamika casually inspected Leo's office, randomly picking up bits and pieces of no particular interest. As an aside she quietly said: "And why are you still dressed?"

The Chancellor couldn't quite believe what she was getting at.

"I SAID - Why are you still dressed!?"

Tamika's angry outburst horrified Leo, he panicked and thought his secretary may well have heard that through the door. Standing up he hurriedly stripped off, throwing his discarded clothes to the floor. Harriet watched amused, snickering at the shameful sight of it. And there he was. The Chancellor, standing barefoot and naked in his own office. Hands by his sides, head down, his little penis hidden away in his thick bush.

Tamika walked up to inspect him, sneering with contempt at his unimpressive physique: "Next time don't dare stay dressed in our presence white boy." And with that she flicked his little limp penis harshly, causing him to wince.

"Now, we are here about to ask about the files you keep. We've heard some very interesting things from a student rep called Felicity that the sports science program is very vigorously monitored. Particularly the...health...of the lads on it. And we heard a copy of all...measurements... was kept here."

Leo was deeply worried they'd found out about this. It was Ester who had approved the highly invasive physicals of the male members of the sports science course. He suspected some copies of the revealing measurements had already got out, he was scared for the lads involved that no more women should see their private measurements, particularly fellow students! [For the full story please check out College Medical by MissKateKees, available on literotica].

"Why-why would you need them?" he offered in a futile defence.

Harriet spoke up, clearly irritated at the delay. "A few first year guys on campus don't seem to understand the way of things here and are causing issues for the Society and the feminist movement. They happen to be guys on that course. They'll have had to submit to those medicals. And had all their LITTLE measurements recorded. These will be most useful to us when dealing with them and teaching them that this is a female-first college."

"-not to mention hilarious to reveal, should it come to that." Added Tamika callously.

The buzzer on Leo's table interjected, it was Linnea on the intercom. "Everything ok sir, do you need any assistance?" Now Leo was really panicking, she could walk in any second!

"It's all filed next door, please take what you wish! I need to get dressed before she sees me!"

With satisfied grins, Tamika and Harriet decided to leave him be and closed the door behind them. Leo buzzed through to Linnea and instructed her to give the girls any file they wanted. His heart beating hard, he slipped on his underwear and began to dress, still shaking from the trepidation of nearly being caught by Linnea.

Next door, his secretary was a little perturbed by these two pushy students, but set aside her doubts and politely asked them which file they were requesting.

"1st year Sports Science - Male Medical exams."

Linnea gasped as she heard this. Why on earth would they need that? She wasn't even sure such a file existed. But looking in the filing cabinet she eventually located it. It was marked with a red 'restricted' note.

Her caution got the better of her, "I'm not sure I should be giving this out..." She tapped her fingers on the curious document, what on earth was so secretive about this? Surely it was just a list of names with their height and weight. Nothing too secret about that.

"Do we need the Chancellor to tell you again?" asked Tamika sarcastically.

"I'm sorry, no." replied Linnea "But I can't give you the original..."

"...I can however photocopy it for you if that's ok?"

Linnea got to work in awkward silence with the photocopying as Tamika and Harriet watched over her with amused looks. When she gave the hot copies over they thanked her for being so helpful and quickly left. Linnea could hear them laughing as they went down the corridor, clearly pleased with themselves. What was it all about? 

As she went to put the document back in the cabinet she just couldn't help it. Checking to see that Leo's door was still shut, she reopened the restricted document, eager to see why the girls thought it was so hilarious to obtain. As she expected. Just a boring list. Names of the 1st year guys on the course. Their height, weight, boring notes, blood group etc etc, hard, limp. Wait what?!

"Hard and limp?" She said out loud, shocked.

Her eyes ran down part of the list. 4.5 inches. 6.1 inches. 4 inches. 5.3 inches. 8.2 inches. These were measurements of the boy's dicks!

She sat on the floor enthralled, quickly going through each secret measurement of a males' most private part. And then read it all again. She felt incredible guilt for having access to such intimate details - and yet she could not stop smiling. She noticed some of the names, Simon - that arrogant foreign student - 4 inches hard, 0.7 soft! Linnea giggled to herself at the thought of the cocky American strutting about with a tiny limp dick between his legs. She looked at the bigger ones, Erik Forsberg 8.2 inches, wow! That hot jock just had no flaws. Linnea had long swooned over him when she cheered on the varsity soccer team. She felt empowered to know what he was hiding under those little shorts.

After running through the numbers again and again Linnea resolved to put them back, safely hidden away in the cabinet. Time ticked away slowly for Linnea, as she daydreamed over wild thoughts of the 1st year boys submitting to having their dicks measured, it was incredibly wrong and yet she was so horny just thinking about it. When it came time to leave for home she had already fallen to temptation. She left too with a photocopy of the document, hidden away in her purse.

-Tuesday-

In her usual fashion, Ester did not warn Leo of her arrival, she simply barged into his office, awakening from his daydreams. He attempted to greet and make small talk with his Vice-Chancellor and yet she remained frosty and silent, looking down on him with a patronising stare.

"Cut the crap Leo, clothes off. Now."

He spluttered at this absurd request! She was wasn't a member of the CFNM Society! To which she smugly reminded him his vow was to obey all women. And if he didn't think so, she would happily call Tamika to come and warmly remind him of his obligations.

As he sullenly stood up and began to undress, Ester brazenly sat in his chair and rested her feet on his desk as she watched him slowly unclothe.

"Kneel."

Leo obeyed. A minute ago he was acting like a boss to his deputy. Now he was naked, kneeling to the woman sitting in HIS chair.

"I've actually just been chatting to Katrina. She's busy with an essay but we both agreed something had to be done about this horrid display of foliage!" And with that she used her high heel to gesture towards the thick pubic hair masking Leo's stubby little penis.

"So I bravely volunteered to do the deed as I need to discuss some things with you anyway. Go lie on the couch Leo."

Her matter of fact way of ordering him about had its effect. Scared and humbled, he laid face up on the couch, wondering what she had in store for him next. Rummaging through her large handbag she picked out her weapons of inquisition. A large dollop of cream was sprayed onto his groin and he finally understood. She was going to shave him.

Despite lying so still and calm, Leo's mind was racing 1000mph as she slowly scraped the sharp razor along his testicles. She seemed particularly thorough and Leo prayed that she knew what she was doing. As she continued to shave him, she brought up the national meeting of University Chancellors. A very prestigious event. Wouldn't it be better if she attended this year, given his large workload?

Leo meekly agreed though was secretly devastated that she'd so effortlessly stole this expenses-paid trip from him. She then brought up the pay rise he'd declined her previously...

Leo's anger got the better of him. "What? No! Even I didn't get a rise!"

Ester remained calm despite his sudden outburst. Taking his penis in her thumb and index finger she held the razor against it. "I realise that. But if you were to reduce your exuberant salary there would be plenty to increase mine. And maybe even Linnea's too. And then we'd have better parity wouldn't we?"

Leo looked into Ester's stern glare and then to his poor little penis against the razor. Tears glistening in his eyes he agreed. With a smug smile, Ester left her demands at that, proceeding to carefully, even lovingly, shave his penis and balls until he was completely smooth and naked down there.

"All done! Do you know something Leo? Without that bush your penis actually looks pretty impressive now!"

"-It does?" He said excitedly, inspecting his smooth new look.

"LOL NO you idiot. It looks pathetic, absolutely pathetic!" As she laughed at his expense she dumped the shaving gear onto the desk and walked out.

Leo was still tucking his shirt in when a bemused Linnea entered. "Ester just said my raise and hers have been approved. Is this true sir. Oh..."

Leo's young secretary looked to the shaving gear and then to him, trying to figure it out.

"I'm sorry sir, have I interrupted something?"

"-no no its fine." He said, trying to sound casual as he did his shirt buttons up.

Linnea's eyes looked down and then quickly away. "Your zip is undone sir..."

There was the slightest hint of amusement in her voice that scared Leo senseless. He did up the zip on his trousers and tried to bluff his way out of it.

"Look I was just shaving my face that's all."

"-hmm. Your... face sir? Seems you missed a bit..."

Leo could have wept. He had a heavy five o'clock shadow, what was he thinking.

With a scowl of condescension, Linnea looked once again at the shaving gear and then at her boss, and walked out. Leo could have sworn he heard her giggling from her desk later.

-Wednesday-

Leo did not go into his office that morning. He was still trying to think of a way out of the embarrassment with Linnea. It wasn't until after lunch that he skulked up to the office. She was already there of course. Happily munching on an apple at her desk. He noted with satisfaction the lovely tight knitwear sweater she had on that really accentuated her pointy breasts. She also had a flower in her hair and even a floral skirt. Certainly better than those boring pant suits of hers, he thought to himself.

"Oh hi Leo. I was wondering where you had got to!" She put down the apple and went to open his office door for him "She we get right down to it?"

Relief washed over him as her professional manner and no mention of yesterday soothed his lingering worries. He slumped onto the coach and told her to go for it.

"So there's three messages. One from Miss Claudia Nyberg, Katrina's mother - do you know Katrina? Anyway, Claudia had some ideas for more revenue raising; another message from Coach Karlsson asking you to ring back - he seemed a little anxious - oh and Tamika stopped by with some very specific instructions for you."

Leo's relief had lasted but a moment. Tamika? She had been here again? Talking to Linnea? This could be trouble...

"Um, did she stay long?"

"-Oh yes!" Linnea happily replied "We chatted for quite a while. She's so interesting!"

Leo could not detect anything untoward in her tone or manner. After all, Tamika was hardly going to spill the beans on everything to his secretary was she! He relaxed back on the coach.

"Tamika? Hmm yes, I vaguely recall her. Well what did she have for me?"

"-Something to wear, sir." And with that, Linnea produced from her purse a small pink ribbon and twisted it around her finger. Her mouth was now fixed in a suggestive pout and her eyebrows raised in expectation of Leo's response.

They remained silent for a while. Leo trying to comprehend the gravity of this. The last time he had seen a pink ribbon was tied in bows around male initiate's dicks at the Society's meeting. He'd been told Tamika demanded all new guys wear them. But she can't have told Linnea about all that surely...

His secretary cut off his trail of thought: "And what's more - Sir - she told me exactly where it has to go, that I'm to see to it, and she wants proof pictures of it on you."

Leo gulped while he tried to come to terms with this. The one woman around here were seemed oblivious to his cfnm submission was now deeply involved. Even she had him by the balls. He sensed a new-found confidence in her. Perhaps even a mischievous side, as she played with the ribbon and pouted at him. No longer a submissive secretary but a playful vixen.

"Shall we get down to it sir? Remove your clothes if you please."

He was struck with the nurse-like professionalism in the way she said this. And she even seemed unabashed as her began to slowly strip off. She even smiled along enthusiastically, putting him at ease a little. Pausing at his underwear, she was quick to take charge,

"Allow me sir. There's a good boy." With that she dropped to her knees in front of him and yanked down his pants, playfully slapping his ankles as she instructed him to step out of his underwear.

"My oh my! What a fuss over such a little thing!"

Leo could not bear to look at her as she made this joke. Was she been supportive or mocking? Had he looked down, he'd have seen Linnea grinning from ear to ear as she stared at his little cock, trying to size up where he would fit into the chart of men's dick sizes in the filing cabinet. Playfully untwirling the ribbon she looked up with wide innocent eyes and asked, "please sir, is it ok if I touch it?"

Those beautiful green eyes really got to him, muttering his approval, he looked away, desperate not to get an erection. Linnea cautiously took his penis in a light grip and pushed it side to side, inspecting the smooth job she knew Ester had done shaving him. She gently squeezed his balls, amazed at how big and full they felt. That touch was too much for Leo, his penis was now fully erect, saluting his pretty secretary. Raising her hand to her mouth she looked away and tried to stifle a laugh. Leo felt both utterly humiliated and yet strangely very protected by her delicate handling of him.

Years of nothing but his own hand to pleasure him and yet now he had an attractive secretary playing with his penis. His inhibitions were giving way to lust. It was actually rather nice being naked for her. Maybe she'd let him be nude in the office more. Protective of him like she was now.

"I'm sorry if this hurts sir!" She said, screwing her pretty little face up with effort as she tried and failed to tie a bow around his hardon. As she tugged both sides too tightly, Leo doubled over in pain.

"Oh gosh I'm so sorry sir LOL!" She placed a caring hand on his cheek and then quickly untied the tight knot, affectionately rubbing his shaft gently and apologising for hurting it. Leo looked away. He knew if he looked down once more at this beautiful woman playing with his cock it would explode all over her. Wincing as she continued to twist and tug he tried to think of anything but the incredibly hot situation he was now in.

"There! Doesn't that look cute!"

She was done. Leo looked down to the cute pink bow around his penis. Cute? He didn't want his penis to be thought of as cute! Cute wasn't manly.

Getting up off her knees, Linnea pulled out her phone. "Now I can send the pictures of proof Tamika demanded. She gave me her number. She was very serious about all this you know."

Before Leo could stop her she was snapping away. A full range of pics to enshrine his newly submissive state. His erection subsided and Leo began to regret not spunking there and then all over Linnea's face.

"Wonderful sir! I'll send those over to her right now." She said, making towards the door.

"-wait hang on! You'll delete them straight away after sending them to Tamika! W-won't you? Please?"

Linnea slowly turned back to him, her eyes fixed squarely on his small penis, tied with a pretty pink bow: "I hardly think you're in a position to be barking orders are you?"

He gulped. Realising he may have pissed off a woman who was until then seemingly nice to him. "No I - I guess not."

"So?" She said mockingly. "Apologise."

Leo meekly uttered some confused words of regret. As she left the room Linnea mentioned that she would be leaving early today. Leo realised he was not even in charge of his secretary anymore. Although it must have taken just five or ten minutes, this incident had drove Leo to the point of madness. He had to cum! Would Katrina really know if he had a cheeky wank? He decided to text her. She replied three hours later, informing him she would be pleased to visit him tomorrow.

-Thursday-

There was zero chance of Leo concentrating on anything else throughout the day. He delegated all outstanding matters to Ester who was more than happy to take the reins off him. The minutes ticked by as he lay on his couch until finally, at 4pm, a knock on the door.

And she entered. Beaming with a fulsome smile and happiness, Leo was once more struck by her radiance. She was wearing a silky blouse with enough buttons undone for Leo to spy her purple lace bra. Her flared skirt was the shortest he had seen on her yet. He could not believe such a beautiful young woman was wasting even a minute on him. Hugging him she kissed his cheek and whispered 'I've missed you' into his ear.

"But first things first..." She said assertively, settling down to sit on his couch.

Leo thought for a moment and then realised what she was getting at. He removed his clothes, pulling down the new boxers he had worn especially to reveal his newly shaved look, accompanied with a pink bow that he'd tied on that morning. Getting down onto all fours, he began to lightly kiss the strappy sandals Katrina was wearing.

"Hmm...wonderful!" she remarked, faking very pleasured tones.

"So Leo. You know the funding allocated by the college to our Society doesn't cover all the costs? So the male members are obliged to pay a rather large subscription fee. And you haven't yet..."

Leo profusely apologised and said he'd be very happy to write a cheque.

"So the amount is usually 200 euro. But as you're on a big wage and not a student...we thought: ten times as much?"

Leo swallowed hard. Yes, he could just about afford 2000. It was worth it just to kiss Katrina's feet. Scrambling over to his desk he quickly wrote the huge cheque to her personally. Before he could bring it Katrina she told him to stop.

She pointed to the floor, and then to her teeth. Leo understood. He placed the cheque in between his teeth and crawled like a faithful dog to his mistress. She looked very satisfied as she took the cheque and placed it into her purse.

"And that's monthly of course."

He was dumbstruck. Oh wow, 2000 a month, he'd have to seriously cut down elsewhere, but he could probably just about scrape it together...

Katrina patted the couch gesturing him to sit with her like an equal. As he did, she boldly moved up so their bodies were touching.

"I'm so very proud of you Leo, we all are. Well-behaved men like you get rewards. We appreciate our obedient boys. Very nice rewards." Her hand was now lightly playing with his balls.

"My! These are full! You poor thing! You've been so good abstaining like I asked you too. It seems we won't have to place a chastity cage on you after all. Would you like your reward now?"

With that Katrina unbuttoned her shirt and threw it aside. She unzipped her skirt and let it fall down to reveal a lace purple thong. Leo stared at the delicate, wispy piece of fabric that was all between him and Katrina's pussy. She twirled round to show off her beautiful bottom perfectly complimented by the thong.

Taking charge, she buried his head in between her breasts, with Leo gratefully nuzzling on her lace bra, tasting her perfume as he did so. His hand was placed by her on her bare leg and he lovingly squeezed her thigh. He dared to roam his hand up further, briefly touching the warmth of Katrina's gusset before she quickly grabbed the offending hand and moved it back down to her thigh. With his other hand, he tried to undo her bra, desperate to see her pale breasts, but again she playfully stopped him from doing so.

Her long fingers expertly brought him into a state of erection and gently began to jerk him off. She whispered into his ear. "The power of the pussy, Leo. Perhaps if you're good I will let you kiss mine. Gently, like you kiss my shoes. Would you like that Leo? Would you? But only if you behave of course. Only if you OBEY."

Leo was in a blissful state and it didn't take long. A few pumps of Katrina's hand and his little cock exploded in ecstasy. He shouted with delight! "Yes! Yes! Katrina it's all yours! Everything! Everything belongs to you!" His body quivered in the exquisite relief he now felt. Katrina held him close for several minutes afterwards so he could feel her racing heartbeat between her breasts.

Kissing his lips, she then stood up and began to put her blouse on. Leo gazed until that last moment as her pert breasts and their lacy bra were finally hidden away again.

"I meant what I said darling," she said tenderly while dressing, zipping up her skirt "You and I could have a lot of fun together, but you must abstain until I decide. Any hint of you jerking off and I'll slap a steel cock cage on you and give Harriet the key. And when Harriet has the key, good luck getting it back! Understand darling?"

Leo said it and meant it, he would not dare to ruin the pleasure Katrina gave him. It was worth the wait. He couldn't believe he'd seen her stripped down to her underwear! Leaning down over him she kissed him again. It was an extended kiss, with her tongue willingly playing with his.

"Don't forget, Society meeting tomorrow!"

As he looked longingly on she turned before leaving and said,

"Did you know that I don't have a boyfriend yet?" She smiled and left him to spend the night trying to decode this flirtatious goodbye. Was he to be her boyfriend? Surely not? Whatever was in store for him next, from now on, his enchantress, Katrina was in charge. Everything was hers to rule.