Femdom Between Friends Ch. 01
byjack562004©

Karen and I had worked together for a number of years and had developed a close office friendship, frequently lunching together and even traveling together to the half dozen yearly trade shows requiring a company presence.

She was very pretty in that "girl next door" kind of way, with long strawberry blonde hair and a softly freckled face. I admired her sharp intelligence and business skills, and besides having a great sense of humor she had the cutest grin I've ever seen -- a mischievous crooked smile that always warmed me to see.

We were both comfortable with a relationship that was affectionate and at times a little flirtatious within certain boundaries; she was married and I was living with a girlfriend, and since it was understood that neither of us were considering changing our situations we both felt safe in growing close to each other as "just friends."

Well, all that changed within a period of six months. The first thing to happen was for my girlfriend to break up with me and move out of our apartment. It wasn't completely unexpected, as there had been friction between us ever since she caught me browsing a BDSM website a few months earlier; she had no interest in kink, and to her the pictures of women in bondage she found me looking at were offensive. It changed how she thought of me, and no matter what I said there was no going back.

But I could never bring myself to explain to her the real reason I found the images erotic; that even though I was looking at women in bondage, in reality I was a closet submissive. I could barely admit it to myself, perhaps sticking to pictures of submissive women instead of men kept it at a distance, but the fact was I had longings to be tied up myself -- and to be punished. In fact, I learned from a one-time visit to a professional dominatrix that I was somewhat of a pain slut, even though the experience was far from what I was ultimately looking for.

Less expected was when Karen broke the news to me over lunch that she was divorcing her husband Frank. I was surprised, thinking all was well with their marriage, but I didn't press her for the particulars out of a sense that she preferred not to discuss it; I think the only reason she even shared the news with me at all was because I was pressing her about why she had seemed preoccupied for a few days.

As the next few weeks passed by though Karen gradually became her old self, making jokes and laughing at mine, and I was happy to see that crooked grin return. I was always attracted to her, and since we were now both "available" I started to think about what it would be like to be in a romantic relationship with her.

The thought of it was very appealing to me, but I kept dismissing it. I knew she needed time to fully heal from her broken marriage, but I was also really gun shy about beginning a new relationship after the experience of my kinky interests ruining things with my former girlfriend. I assumed Karen was probably every bit as "vanilla" as she was, and I wasn't ready to go through that again.

Eventually another trade show came up, this one in Las Vegas, and it was decided that once again it would be Jack and Karen staffing our company booth. These assignments always fell to us because we were the most personable customer-facing people at the company and the best public speakers as well, but I imagine there were some who wondered if there was something going on between us with all the traveling we did together.

It would be our first such trip since our mutual return to the singles market, but all things considered I had no reason to think that things would be any different between us. We got into town in the morning and went straight to the Convention Center from the airport, where all the signage, literature and giveaways we'd need were waiting for us in sealed cartons. Being well practiced at this we had our booth set up in a half hour and proceeded to put in a full day's work.

At the end of the day we took a shuttle bus to our hotel and checked into our separate rooms to grab a shower and a change of clothes. We met up an hour later in the hotel lobby and headed off to find some dinner, both of us dressed comfortably in jeans. Karen looked great, and as we began chatting about our day at the conference the thought of a romance with her again crossed my mind... and began taking center stage in my thoughts.

I started asking myself why I should resist it just because of my BDSM "baggage" when Karen and I seemed to be such a good match in every other way. Kink isn't everything, I told myself, and even sex isn't everything; we had common interests, conversation was always easy, and I just felt good being around her. I made up my mind that at the right time I'd let her know how I felt, and then the big question would be whether she had any interest in getting involved with me.

Our company was planning to announce an exciting new product on the second day of the conference and we were anxiously awaiting a presentation deck to be sent to us from the home office after some last-minute revisions. Checking her iPhone during dinner Karen saw it had come in, and suggested we go back to her room to review it so we'd be ready to do the presentation in the conference hall tomorrow.

We were both a bit keyed up about the product launch and I asked her if she'd like to drink some wine while we looked at the materials. She said sure, and rather than pay those ridiculous minibar prices I bought a bottle of wine from the restaurant to take back with us. We made our way up to her room and she sat down on a small sofa after setting up her laptop on the coffee table in front of it; I grabbed a couple of glasses and poured us some wine, sitting down to her right.

"Do you mind if I take my trainers off Jack? My feet are killing me, I promise my feet don't smell too bad," she said with a laugh.

"Well of course you can, hey it's your place," I said, "and I think I'll do the same."

It was a long presentation and we had both drained a couple of glasses of wine by the time we finished going through it.

"This came out great!" I proclaimed, putting my arm around Karen and squeezing her shoulder. I moved my hand down between her shoulder blades and gave her back an affectionate little rub, adding, "The office did a nice job on this, I think our presentation will hit it out of the park!"

"Oh, don't stop Jack," she said as I started to take my hand away, "I'm so stiff from standing all day."

"Turn left a little and let me get at you with both hands," I said.

She turned so her back was to me and I began kneading her shoulders and rubbing the back of her neck. "Boy, you really are tense," I said. "Mm-hmm," she replied, "that feels good."

I remember a movie where Matt Damon's character said, 'Sometimes all you need is 20 seconds of insane courage.' Well, I decided it was time for my 20 seconds. It was not the first time I'd given Karen a neck rub... but it was the first time I bent forward, moved her hair aside and kissed the back of her neck while doing it.

I had no idea how she would react, but I was thrilled when she softly sighed, raised her head and arched her back, her body leaning back against me.

Breathing in the scent of her hair, I kissed her neck again and she turned around to face me. Looking into my eyes with that crooked grin on her face she asked, "What are you doing Jack?"

"Oh, just something I've been wanting to do for a long time," I replied, gently brushing her hair from her forehead.

I leaned in to kiss her, my heart racing as my lips touched hers, and it was electric when she parted her lips and I first felt the soft touch of her tongue. We embraced and kissed deeply, exploring each other's mouths as our bodies pressed together.

I was lost in her warmth and the feel of her back and shoulders and under my hands. She was making delicate little sounds as I stroked her hair, moving it back to expose an ear, which I traced with my finger. I was on Cloud Nine thinking she might want me as much as I wanted her!

But after a few minutes she broke away from our embrace and took my hands in hers, bringing them down to her lap. "Jack, I've been wanting this too," she said, "but let's talk about it a little."

"Sure Karen," I replied, "I hope I haven't made you uncomfortable." I wondered if she had concerns along the lines of needing to take things slowly, or perhaps it being unwise to begin a workplace relationship.

Karen kept hold of my hands but cast her eyes downward as she said to me, "No, it's not that. I really have thought about you and I being together. Lately I've been thinking about it a lot, Jack. But... I think I want to tell you something about me, and it's going to be really hard to explain."

"I'm really glad you've thought about it too Karen," I told her, "and you can tell me anything and I'm sure I'll understand, I want to know whatever it is."

I couldn't imagine what she wanted to tell me. Did she have an STD, or some kind of physical issue? At that moment my heart was open to understanding and acceptance out of my feelings for her.

"Well, I've never talked to anyone about this before," she said nervously, "and it's really embarrassing, you'll think I'm super weird and it's probably going to mess this all up, but I'm hoping we can still be friends and work together."

"Karen, I have some weird ways myself." I said. This caused her to bring her eyes back up to meet mine with a curious look. Squeezing her hands I said, "I promise whatever you tell me we'll still be friends and we can still work together."

"Okay, here goes," she said, taking a deep breath and looking down again, "um... well, it's about sex. I know a lot of guys don't think women have sex fantasies, but we do. Some of us do. I do."

My heart started beating a little faster. Where was this going to go?

"I know that's true Karen. I think some guys are threatened by that but I'm not, I think fantasies are a natural thing for both women and men."

"Well, I'm glad to hear you say that Jack, but... I've had some kind of crazy ones for a long time, back to when I was a kid. And it's not like I think people have to act out every fantasy they have, Frank and I didn't. I hate to use the word but Frank and I had pretty "normal" sex, you know? And I was fine with that."

"So are you saying you have some weird fantasies?"

"Umm... yeah, and I'm not obsessed with them or anything... it's some very weird stuff I've never acted out, things I've never even thought about acting out... I really didn't think I ever would, and that's been okay! I don't think a relationship is only about sex anyway, or people have to like all the same things, but..."

I waited for her to continue but she seemed to be stuck. I knew it was time for me to start opening up in the same way Karen was, but I was feeling conflicted; on the one hand I was excited about sharing fantasies with her, but on the other I was worried that mine were worlds away from hers.

"But what?" I said. "Karen, you can tell me. Listen, I have to fess up here... there are some weird things I'm interested in too. Are we talking about kinky stuff?"

She looked up at me with an anxious but hopeful expression, and her next words came out in a rush.

"Yes," she said, "and Jack, what's really hard to explain is... there's something about you that makes me think about these things more, a lot more, and now I can't get them off my mind. I know this sounds crazy, but... being with you makes me want to act out stuff I've been keeping inside as just fantasies, and it... it's getting in the way now. So there... I've said it."

"Wow," I said, "I feel kind of flattered!"

"Well I hope you're still flattered when I tell you the things I think about."

I took a deep breath. "Is this about BDSM stuff Karen? Do you want me to, you know... tie you up?"

There was a long pause as she looked away, seeming to study something in the room, and then brought her eyes back to mine. "No" she said, "I want to tie you up."

My heart started beating faster and I felt like an electric current was humming through my body... and I could feel it building up between my legs. Could this really be happening?

"I can't believe I'm telling you this Jack... maybe it's the wine, I should just shut up and take things as they come, I've probably ruined things between us... I really do want to be with you, but these feelings are so strong I thought it might be a problem if we got involved and I kept it a secret... I'm sorry," she said, looking away again.

My mind was racing. All of a sudden a door was opening, did I really want to walk through it? Yes, of course I did.

"So... the thoughts you have are about dominating me Karen? You'd really want to tie me up?" I asked.

"Yes," she said, "and I'm not saying I have to, it's just really distracting me and I had to say something."

It was now or never. "Karen," I said, "I have to tell you... I fantasize about being dominated by a woman. I fantasize about it a lot."

"You do? Are you serious Jack?" she said, turning back to me with a surprised look in her eyes, "you'd really want that, you're not just saying it to make me feel better?"

"Yes, I'm serious Karen. I've had these thoughts for a long time," I told her.

"Oh God," she said. "Jack, I... Jack, it wouldn't, you know, threaten your masculinity or something like that?"

"No, it wouldn't Karen. But how would you think about it, would being submissive make me... less of a man in your eyes?"

"Oh no! Jack, you always seem so confidant, so self-assured, like you don't have to prove anything to anybody. You seem so strong in a quiet way, I think that's why you bring out my 'inner Domme,' she said with a nervous laugh. "I fantasize about... having control of you, and it just makes me dizzy to think about it."

"Well," I said, smiling, "I'd be okay with my masculinity if you were. I'm really attracted to you Karen, so this is sounding pretty amazing... I mean, really amazing! I just, you know, wouldn't want you to think less of me for being submissive."

"Oh Jack, I wouldn't at all," she said, squeezing my hands more tightly and raising them up between us for emphasis, "I'm really attracted to you too, I'm sure that wouldn't change." I could see in her eyes it was true and it gave me the confidence to take it further.

"Do you think you'd like to go ahead and... act some things out?" I asked her.

"Well... if we both want to, I guess we should try," she replied, "but this is all happening so fast Jack, can we talk about it some more?"

"Sure we can, let's start by making a safe space right here Karen. A place that's safe for fantasies, for needs, desires... fears... let's tell each other everything and not worry about being judged or disapproved of. What do you think?"

"Yes, okay... I'm still embarrassed, but I'll try not to be."

I knew I had to open up to her more now but I didn't know how far she wanted to go with this. I didn't know what dominating really meant to her, and I worried that my thoughts might be too extreme.

"Listen Karen,' I said nervously, "Some of my fantasies might be more weird than yours."

"Oh I don't know about that Jack," she said, giving me that crooked grin and bringing our hands back down to her lap. "What do you think about when you fantasize about a woman dominating you?"

"Okay, well... first I have to tell you I don't have much interest in a lot of the stuff I see in BDSM porn, with these angry looking women all dressed up in black leather. The role play turns me off, it's too theatrical; the way I always think about it is I want it to be something... real."

"Oh yeah," said Karen, "I don't want to dress up, I want it to be real too, and I don't need you to call me Mistress or anything like that... I think about it being just us like we are, you know, friends, except that you have to do whatever I want. It's like you lost a bet or something and you have to be my... sex slave," she said with a giggle.

"Wow," I said, "exactly, it seems more exciting if it's really us. And I wouldn't want you to yell at me or call me a pig or make me crawl around, the fantasy that really gets to me would be for you to just be you, friendly like you always are, affectionate... liking me... but using me at the same time, do you know what I mean?"

"Oh yes! God that's exactly how I think about it Jack!"

My erection was growing and starting to feel uncomfortable jammed up inside my jeans. I decided to take another step.

"Do you know what CFNM means?"' I asked her cautiously.

"Clothed Female, Naked Male," she replied with a smirk.

"You've done some homework," I said, smiling. "I fantasize about that Karen, it would make the feeling of being your slave more... complete."

"Oh, I think that's hot, I've imagined it just that way Jack."

"Okay, and now it's my turn to be weird," I said, "in a lot of my fantasies I'm, uh... I'm on a collar and leash. And the woman uses the leash to... make me do things. Is that too weird for you?"

"No... I like that. I like it a lot; I could get a collar and leash for you Jack. So what would you like me to make you do on your collar and leash?"

"Well, uh... pretty much anything that would turn you on," I said. "I think a big reason I like the idea of being a slave to a woman is the idea of her using me to get herself aroused. You know how a lot of guys like to watch women masturbate... its kind of like that but way hotter because you'd be using my body to get yourself off. Does that make sense?"

"Yes it does Jack. God, I have to make a confession... talking about this is getting me, um, kind of excited," she said. "You're sure you're not just humoring me, this is stuff you'd really want to happen?"

"Karen," I said, "it's exciting me too." I guided her hands over to my lap, boldly putting them over the growing hardness in my jeans. "See?"

"Oh! You are excited," she said with that crooked grin as she traced my bulge with her fingers and shifted my arousal into high gear, "so... how do you fantasize about being made to get a woman off Jack?"

"I guess you already asked me that and I haven't really answered."

"Mm-hmm," she said, smiling and still playing with my crotch.

I took a deep breath. "Karen, you can use my hands and mouth any way you want, on any part of your body," I said, looking into her eyes. "And I mean it when I say any part, I'm pretty oral... I'll put my mouth anywhere you want for as long as you want."

"Oh God, that's giving me chill bumps... there are places I've never been... I've always wanted someone to... you know..."

"At some point we'll have to stop talking so politely," I said, laughing.

"Yes, we will," she said, laughing with me. She put her hands to my face and pulled me to her, kissing me deeply... then she turned my head and whispered in my ear, "I've never had my ass licked Jack. I want you to lick my ass... I'm going to make you put your tongue in it Jack. Right after you finish licking my pussy."

"Well, you're making me really hard now," I said, turning back to her and whispering back in her ear, "I want you Karen, and it makes me want to do things for you. I'd love doing that for you."

"What else do you fantasize about Jack," she asked, "tell me what else I can do to you Baby."

Now my heart was racing and I still worried that I was about to go too far, but maybe not... it was time for another 20 seconds of insane courage.

"Um... do you want to hurt me Karen? Would that excite you?"

She looked away, and then turned back to me, seeming to make a decision. "Yes, it would," she said quietly, "It would excite me.... Jack... could I spank you?"

I paused a beat.... There was no turning back now.

"Yes, you can spank me, but..." (Another deep breath), "would you like to whip me?"



"Oh God Jack... wow," she said, looking down again. She was silent for a minute and time seemed to be standing still. Finally she began to speak in a nervous voice.

"Ever since I was a little girl I've been fascinated by scenes in movies of guys getting whipped," she said slowly. "Like in Westerns... I mean, it started when I was really young and I didn't understand the feeling it gave me... I would get these butterflies in my stomach, and later... it started to turn me on."

"I've never figured out why it affects me like that," she went on, "it's not like I hate men or anything, it's just... it's just something about seeing a strong man tied up and helpless, and... being hurt. You must think I'm really sick... I don't know what's wrong with me."

I took her chin in my hand and raised her head up to look at me and I saw her eyes were tearing up a little. I touched her face and said, "You're no more sick than I am Karen, because I want that... I want to be whipped."

"For real? You'd want me to do that?"

"Yes I would... I'm really turned on by whipping scenes too, and I always want to be the one tied up and getting it. Only by a woman though -- I'm sure it's something screwed up about how I relate to women. I think it's also just wanting to give up control and be taken over... you know, escaping from everything else."

"Jack, I don't know," she said, taking my hands again... "I've never actually whipped anyone but I've thought about it for so long... I don't know why I have these thoughts, why it excites me... but it would be hard for me to hurt you."

"You can try it with me Karen, and find out if you like doing it for real... but I have conditions."

"Tell me your conditions."

"That you start off going easy on me and do it harder gradually. And that you really mean it when you say it would excite you. That's what it would all be about for me, feeling you hurting me and knowing it was turning you on."

"Yes and yes to your conditions Jack. I'm so turned on about it right now. Of course I can go easy to start, but... how hard should it end up?"

"Oh... if you take it slow at first and let me get into subspace... you know that word?"

She nodded yes.

"You could end up doing it really hard... I mean, nothing that would break the skin, no permanent marks... but you could whip me pretty hard if you wanted to."

"Oh God," she said again. She looked at me with a faraway look in her eyes, and I knew she wanted to. What was I getting myself into?

"Karen," I went on, "true confession... I went to a pro dominatrix once to see what a whipping felt like and I found... uh, I found out I could kind of enjoy pain. I got off being whipped on my ass and the tops of my thighs, close to the groin. I did some reading and I found out that's because the nerves from those places run alongside nerves from the genitals, so the pain and pleasure get mixed."

"Wow, you've done more homework than me," she said with a smile. "And you went to see a pro? Did it cost a lot?"

"Yeah, but it wasn't really that great because she was into that typical mean dominatrix role. She kept falling into that thing of insulting me, making fun of me like she hated me, and that turned me off."

"Jack, you're like, way ahead of me with this," she said, taking my hands in hers again, "I feel like I'm going down a rabbit hole. I don't know if I can do this, I think I want to try... but what if I get really into it and go too far? We should have a safe word in case it gets too crazy, I want to feel sure whatever I'm doing is okay, that you can stop me if you have to."

"We can use the good old red means stop, yellow means keep doing what you're doing but just dial it back some. Is that okay?"

"Yes... that's okay."

"Good, that means I can cry and beg for you to stop and you can ignore it unless you hear the safe word," I said, smiling.

"Oh... that would be hot! Okay, you got it," she said breathlessly, "but you really won't think I'm too weird if I do this?"

"No Karen," I told her, "as long as you don't think I'm too weird for wanting you to."

"Oh no Jack, I don't at all. I just can't believe we're talking about this... I never thought I would actually do this, it's going to feel so awkward... but you'll help me go through with it? God, it sounds so weird me asking you to help me hurt you!"

"You really want to try it though, right?"

"I think so... I do if you do."

"And you really mean it that whipping me would excite you, right? I don't want it to be like you're punishing me for something bad I did, I just want you to be doing it because it excites you, and I'm letting you do it because I want to please you... that's what I mean by real."

"Yes Jack, it would be real just like that."

"The fantasy I've always had," I went on, "is that you're nice to me about it. I know that sounds funny but I mean... feeling that you like me, you're grateful to me for letting you hurt me because you enjoy it so much. You're even a little apologetic about it, always in my fantasy the woman says something like, 'I'm sorry about how much this is going to hurt, but I really want to do it.'"

"Karen," I added, "I don't mean to be topping from the bottom, like it's called, but that's what really excites me."

"That's all right Jack, everything you're telling me fits in with how I've thought about it, everything! I've read about Loving Dommes and I think that's what you're talking about, and that's what I'd want to be. In my fantasies I think about... loving you for letting me do these things to you."

"Karen... I think we really want the same thing."

"I'm thinking that too Jack."

"There's more."

She brought her hands up to my face and pulled me to her, whispering, "Tell me."

"If you want," I said, screwing up my courage once more, "you can whip my cock."

Karen pulled back, her eyes wide as she looked at me. "Are you serious? Oh God, wouldn't that really hurt?"

"Yes, but it would be a real pain and pleasure thing. You'd have to... make me hard so you could whip it. I come back to that in my fantasies a lot, a woman making my cock hard, and it would feel so good but I'd know she was only getting it ready to be whipped, it's like I love that conflict."

"Jack... that is so hot... I can hardly breathe," she said, her face getting flushed.

"And I'm hard as a rock," I said, taking her hands and bringing them down to my bulging crotch again. "Oh wow, I guess you really do want this," she said, squeezing the raging erection under my jeans.

"Jeez, my head's spinning thinking about whipping your cock, I never thought of that before. I'm getting wet Jack... God, are we a couple of perverts or what?"

"Nothing wrong with being perverts, I love that all this excites you Karen," I said. Then I smiled and added, "I can't wait to see how wet you are."

She put her arms around me and again we kissed passionately. Then she whispered in my ear again, "You'll see how wet I am soon Jack, I promise you're going to know up close and personal," she said.

"Mmm, that sounds good. Why don't we have one more glass of wine and then we can... start."

"Okay," she said quickly. "I'm ready if you are... I think."

I poured the rest of the wine into our glasses and raised mine for a toast. "Here's to safe spaces," I said, and our glasses clinked.

"And to weird fantasies," she said.

Sitting next to this woman that I liked so much and wanted so badly, knowing that she was about to take control of me and have her way with me... and hurt me... had me floating on air. I'm sure I'll never have a better tasting glass of wine... not that I can remember what it tasted like.

"This is amazing," Karen said after draining her glass, "learning all this about each other and getting ready to do crazy things for the first time after working together for so long."

"Yes... and I love this moment right now, when we haven't done anything yet but we both have an idea pf what's going to happen," I said. "This will only come around once! And Karen, these might be crazy things, but for whatever reason they're what we both want."

"Well, I have no idea what made me want to be such a bitch," she said with a laugh, "but you know, I never thought I would feel so much... emotion along with it, I mean the connection to you I'm feeling now."

"Me too," I said, "but the thing is, we already liked each other and now we've let out our deepest secrets, and wow, we found out we not only accept each other but we like these things about each other, so that's a pretty intense connection."

She touched my face and said, "I never thought this could happen."

"I didn't either," I said, "And I sure never thought it would happen with you."

We looked at each other quietly and the electricity in the room was incredible, I think we could both see the near-bursting anticipation... and pure lust... in each other's eyes.

"Karen," I said, "I think we're postponing the inevitable," and we both laughed nervously.

"Yes, we are Jack," she said, "but now I'm wondering... what am I going to whip you with?"

I put my glass down and stood up, unbuckled my leather belt and drew it out of my jeans. "This will work if you double it over like this," I said, handing it to her.

She took it, and grasping the doubled over ends while looking straight at me she gave it a snap. The sound nearly made my heart stop, and along with her crooked grin I thought I saw a hint of cruelty in her eyes.

"Why don't you keep going," she said.

"Keep going?"

"Take your clothes off in front of me Jack. All of them."

Although she still sounded a little hesitant, hearing her order me to do something for the first time was amazing... this was really going to happen!

"Karen, just one more question... after you do whatever you want to do to me... can I cum? I'm not exactly into orgasm denial, and the way I'm feeling right now I think I'll go absolutely crazy if I don't cum at the end. Will that work for you?"

"Of course Jack. How would you like to cum? Would you like to cum in my mouth?"

"Oh God, I would love that."

"You can cum in my mouth if you want Jack, but I'll have a condition of my own for that."

"What condition?"

She thought for a minute. "It'll be a surprise."

I paused for just a second and said, "Okay."

"Now move that coffee table out of the way Jack, I want you to take your clothes off while I watch," she said, sitting back on the sofa.

I moved the coffee table off to the side and stood directly in front of her. As I unbuttoned my shirt I saw that my hands were shaking a little... I couldn't believe this was really about to happen. I took off my shirt and tossed it aside, and then I unzipped my jeans and lowered them to the floor, stepping out of them and then removing my socks.

All that was left now was my underwear, and Karen's eyes were fixed directly on my crotch as I pulled them down and my hard cock sprang out. I stood before her, and it surprised me how degraded I felt presenting myself naked to my fully dressed colleague. I basked in the feeling.

She looked up at me. "Your face is red Jack," she said. "Are you embarrassed?"

"It's a humiliating feeling," I said.

"Do you like that feeling?"

"Yes."

"I think I like seeing you feel humiliated. Please get down on your knees Jack," she said, looking up at me, "and clasp your hands behind your neck. And I'd like you to not look at me, keep your eyes down."

I went down to my knees looking downward, overwhelmed with anticipation. As I knelt before her, my hands behind my neck and my cock standing straight out, she slowly took her socks off and then put her right foot on my cock, stroking it up and down with her toes.

"This is mine now, isn't it Jack," she said, the hesitation now gone from her voice.

"Yes Karen."

"I want to hear you say your cock is mine," she said, as she continued to rub her foot on it.

"My cock is yours Karen."

"Mm-hmm," she said, "now take my foot in your hands and bring it up to your mouth. I want you to lick and suck my toes, each one. I want to feel your tongue in between my toes Jack."

I took hold of her foot and opened my mouth to begin sucking her toes, licking them, taking each one into my mouth and running my tongue in between them.

"Mmm, that feels good Baby. Now the other foot please," she said, lowering her right leg and bringing up her left.

As I worked on her left foot she said, "I'm going to use you now Jack, I'm going to use you in a lot of ways. And I'm sorry but I want to hurt you."

"I know Karen," I said.

"I want to hear you say I can do anything I want to you."

"You can do anything you want to me Karen."

"Tell me your body is mine to use any way I want Jack."

"My body is yours Karen, you can use it any way you want."

She brought her foot down and stood up, my belt still in her hands. "I'm going to whip you now Jack. I'm going to whip you with your own belt, and I'm sorry but I'm afraid it's going to have to go on for a while."

"I know Baby... it's okay," I said, still on my knees, "but, uh... we started out talking about tying me up, but we don't have any rope."

"Oh, I thought about that Jack and I have a solution!" she said brightly, putting my belt down on the sofa and scampering off, returning a minute later with one of those red plastic packing tape dispensers. "This will work," she said with a smile.

"Yes, I think it will." Again I saw that hint of cruelty.

"Stand up please Jack," she said. When I stood up she took me by the arm and led me over to a cushioned chair, positioning me to face the back of it.

"I want you to lie down over the back of this chair and take hold of the arms." She put her hand on my back and gently pushed as I bent at the waist and folded myself over it, grasping the wooden arms in my hands.

She walked to the front of the chair and bent down to begin wrapping the clear packing tape around each of my wrists, securing my hands to the chair's arms. When she was finished she walked back around behind me.

"Jack, spread your legs so each of your feet is against the back legs of the chair." I complied, and she knelt down to wrap tape around each ankle.

Finally she stood up and said, "There... Oh God Jack, I love seeing you this way. I don't think you're going anywhere for a while."

"I don't think so either," I said, testing my bindings. I was tightly bound, my hard cock pressed against the back of the chair, my legs spread and my ass up and out for Karen to do her worst. I stared at the chair's cushion inches below my face, knowing I was about to get beaten.... maybe beaten long and hard.

Karen went back to the sofa to pick up my belt and walked to the front of the chair. I raised my head and all I could see were her legs and the belt hanging down by her side. She reached down with her left hand and stroked my hair.

"Are you really sure about this Jack? I guess this is your last chance," she said.

"I'm sure Karen," I replied. "You can start."

"Okay," she said quietly. "I'll start out slow like you asked."

I lowered my head as she walked behind me. She put her left hand on my ass and said, "I'm so turned on seeing you like this. I can't believe I'm really going to whip someone and it's going to be you, Jack."

Her hand left me and she stepped back. There was a pause while I guessed she was measuring her distance, and then the first blow came. It wasn't too hard, but as she continued striking me again and again a warm stinging heat began to grow.

She was working her way down over my ass, not hitting the same spot twice. After about ten minutes of this she stopped and put a hand on my back.

"Is this okay? Should I start doing it harder now?"

"Yes, that's fine Karen."

"I have to tell you Jack... I like doing this."

"I'm glad you do, I like it too."

"Oh God, this is so wild," she said, "I'm so turned on really whipping someone... well, I'm sorry Jack but this will start hurting more."

She began whipping me harder, starting at the top of my ass again and working down. It was hurting a lot and the pain began to take me away. There was a sexual jolt each time she struck me as I moved my hips to her rhythm, jamming my hard cock against the back of the chair.

After another ten minutes of this I was grunting with each blow and she showed no signs of stopping. She started on my ass again, swinging the belt even harder, and I wondered how hard she was capable of hitting me. I could hear her breathing becoming harder and faster, either from exertion or excitement. Probably both.

Finally she stopped. "I'm not through yet but I'm going to give you a little break Jack," she said. She ran a hand over my ass, saying "You're getting pretty red back here. Are you still okay?"

"I'm okay Karen," I said, "are you still enjoying this?"

She came around in front of me and bent down to stroke my hair. "It's really exciting me Jack," she whispered in my ear, "I can't believe how much it's turning me on, it's making me dizzy. But I'm so sorry to be hurting you Sweetheart, I know I was hitting you pretty hard. Are you getting off on it?"

"It hurts but it's okay Karen," I said, "it's good, and I'm getting off."

"God, I'm so wet Jack... I'm going to take off my jeans before I soak through them."

I heard the sound of her taking off her jeans and I wished that I could see this. Not being able to made me feel more degraded, like I had no right to see her body... the only thing I was entitled to was to be a body for her to whip.

After they were off she walked back up to me and pressed herself against my bound left leg, spreading her legs a little so that my thigh was in between hers. I could feel the warm wetness of her sex through her panties and my cock was so hard it was hurting.

Then she put her hand on my ass and trailed her fingers slowly down my crack, finally coming to my cock and balls. When she touched my cock for the first time I thought I might explode, but after a minute she brought her fingers back up, this time pushing them in deeper between my cheeks.

"This is mine too, isn't it Jack? Tell me it is."

"My ass is yours Karen, you can do whatever you want with it." I said as her fingers wriggled closer to my asshole.

"Are you sure? Do you have any idea what I might want to do back here Baby?"

"I can guess," I said. "Do you know what pegging is Karen?"

"Oh yes," she said with a giggle, "I covered that in my homework too. Would you like me to do that to you?"

"Yes, if it's something you want to do."

"Jack... yes, I've fantasized about fucking a man's ass... I've never done it before but I'd like to try," she said. "I want to get one of those strap-on things. Not too big... at least to start," she said, mischievously.

"That would be good... I'm a virgin back there."

"Mmm, I like that. But you won't be for long."

Her hand left me and she walked away. A moment later I could hear her opening her luggage and it sounded like she was getting something out. Then she came back to me and I heard a plastic bottle being opened.

Then I felt her fingers covered in a cold lotion slip between my ass and find my asshole, and I knew I was about to be explored where I'd never been before. She rubbed the cream on me and then pushed a finger in... her middle finger, I guessed. I moaned.

"How does that feel Baby," she asked.

"That feels good Karen," I said, feeling like a piece of meat.

"Let's see how two fingers feel, okay?"

I felt full as she slowly pushed two fingers into me, deeper and deeper until I could feel her knuckles against my ass.

"Do you like that Jack?"

"Yes Baby. I can't wait for you to fuck me with that strap-on."

"Mmm, I can't wait either. You're so tight back here." She withdrew her fingers slightly and pushed them right back in, slowly fucking my ass with her fingers as I grunted like an animal in time to her rhythm.

"I wish I had that strap-on right now. When I get it I'm going to have to fuck you hard Jack. I'm going to hold your hips and fuck you hard and deep," she said, increasing her pace.

"I know Karen," I said, "you can fuck me as hard as you want."

After another minute of this she pulled her fingers out. "I'm going to go wash my hands Sweetheart," she said, "and then I'm going to whip you some more."

She laid the belt down over my lower back and walked away, leaving me with my ass still stinging and knowing the worst was probably yet to come from the belt I could feel draped across me. I heard water running in the bathroom sink, and after a few minutes she was back.

"I'm going to take off the rest of my clothes now Jack," she said, "and then I'm going to make myself cum while I whip you." She seemed to instinctively know how it degraded me to not be able to see her body.

I heard the rustle of her disrobing and followed in my mind as I imagined her removing her top, bra and panties. "I'm sorry Jack but I'm so turned on... I guess this is going to hurt really bad now," she said. Then she took up the belt and the whipping began again.

She whipped my already red ass even harder than before and I was on fire. She punished my ass from top to bottom and kept moving down until she was whipping the tops of my thighs. The pro dominatrix didn't whip me this hard and my eyes began tearing up.

Finally I broke and started to cry. I sensed Karen hesitating for a moment, but she quickly resumed whipping me as hard as she could. I was sobbing in gasping breaths like a small child and it was cathartic. As I cried I became aware of Karen moaning and I knew she was pleasuring herself, my crying probably exciting her even more.

Her moans became louder and louder until she suddenly dropped the belt and threw herself on top of me. I could feel her breasts on my back and her hand between my ass and her crotch as she frantically rubbed herself to orgasm. Her moans turned into cries and then a scream inches from my ear as she came hard.

She relaxed her full weight on top of me after her climax, panting. "Oh God Jack!" she said, reaching down to run her hands over my face. I could smell her sex on her hands and I felt the sweat on her body. "Oh God Jack, that was amazing. Oh Baby, that was so fucking good."

She lay on me for at least 5 minutes, slowly grinding her body on mine, reaching around me to touch my cock and balls. "That was so good Baby, so good," she repeated.

Finally she slid off me and walked away. She came back in a minute and began cutting through the tape around my ankles, freeing my legs. Then she walked around to my front and knelt down to do the same to my wrists. I lifted my head but could only see the top of her hair until she stood up.

I took in the sight of her lower body, wetness coating the insides of her thighs up to her sex. She moved beside me and, taking my arms, guided me off of the chair and to a standing position. Then she turned me to face her and put her arms around me, holding me close as I embraced her as well, my cock pressed against her and the sweat from our bodies mingling.

"So good Jack, that was so good Baby," she said again, and we kissed passionately, rubbing our hands all over each other as we greedily explored each other's mouths. After a few minutes of this we broke our embrace, took each other's hands and stepped back from each other. I greedily took in the sight of her.

"How do you like me now?" she said, flashing me that crooked grin, and we both laughed.

"Karen," I said. I putting my arms back around her and pulling her to me, "I think I love you."

"I think I love you too Jack," she said as we embraced and kissed again, running our fingers through each other's hair.

"That was a hell of a first date," I said to her.

"Was?" she said, "I didn't think it was over Jack. Can we keep going?"

"Hmm, sure I guess we can keep going Karen," I said, "but, uh... what do you have in mind for me next?"

She kissed me once more and turned my head to whisper in my ear, "I still want to whip your cock."

"Oh God," I said, "please don't do that Karen, it'll hurt too much."

"I thought you wanted me to?"

"You only have to listen for the safe words," I whispered. "I like begging."

"Oh... okay, right," she said, kissing me again, "well, I think I like hearing you beg."

"Please don't whip my cock Karen."

"I'm sorry but I have to Jack. Put your hands behind your back and stay here."

She walked over to pick her jeans up off the floor and drew out the thin leather belt she was wearing, holding it up for me to see when she came back.

"I think this will work nicely Jack."

"Please don't."

"Stay still."

She reached down and took the head of my still hard cock, held it up and quickly slashed her belt across the shaft. It hurt like hell.

"Oh God, that hurts Karen!" I gasped.

"I know Baby, I'm so sorry," she said. Then she quickly whipped my cock again, harder this time. I was quickly losing my erection.

"We've got to get you hard again Jack so I can whip it some more," she said. Then she knelt down in front me and put her tongue to my cock, swirling it around the head and finally taking it into her warm mouth.

"Oh God, Karen, please don't whip it again," I pleaded as I felt my cock start to stiffen again, knowing what the consequences would be. "Let me eat you out and lick your ass instead, I'll do anything you want."

She took her mouth off my cock, looked up at me and smiled. "You'll do that anyway Jack," she said, and went back to working on me until I was fully erect.

Then she stood up, quickly taking the head of my cock back in her left hand, and slashed her belt across it even harder. I screamed.

"Just one more Baby," she said, "I know it hurts but I want to do it just once more."

"Oh God, please no, please..." I cried, but she whipped it one more time with all her strength. My cock was on fire and as red as my ass.

"I like whipping your cock Jack," she said. "I could do this for a long time. Maybe some time I'll pour some hot wax on it after I've whipped it and made it all tender and raw like this."

"God, you've got a hell of an inner Domme Karen," I said, panting like a dog. "I know," she replied, "I guess I do. Well it's all your fault for letting my inner bitch out."

"Guilty as charged."

She smiled and said, "Now it's time for you to get to know me better Jack," and led me around to the front of our whipping chair.

"Please kneel," she said, "hands behind your back." As I complied she walked over to get the packing tape dispenser and came back behind me. She took my wrists and wrapped tape around them. "I'm going to use your mouth now Baby, and only your mouth."

After my wrists were bound she walked off into the bedroom and came back holding something in her hand, sitting down in the chair and showing me what she had. They were a pair of small plastic clothespins.

"I always keep some of these when I travel," she said. "I'm ready for you to eat me out now Jack but I want you to be hurting a little while you're doing it."

She bent forward and clamped a clothespin on each one of my nipples.

"These can come off after I cum Sweetheart. Now, I want you to start kissing the insides of my thighs, working your way up my leg to my pussy. First one leg and then the other. Kiss them and lick them Baby."

I crawled forward on my knees and as I bent down to start on her left leg she took my head in her hands. I started kissing and licking her along the inside of her thigh as she guided my head up towards her crotch. I could taste the salty mix of sweat and excretions coating her skin.

"Mmm, that's good," she moaned. "Now the other leg."

I switched to her right thigh and went through the same journey up to her crotch. When I got to it she took my head more firmly in her hands and pulled it to her sex.

"Lick my cunt," she said.

I put my tongue to her and licked her pussy from the bottom to the top, running my tongue between her lips.

"Push your tongue in me Baby," she said, holding my face against her. I put my mouth on her and pushed my tongue in as deeply as I could.

"Mmm, oh yeah that feels so good Baby. Eat me out Jack."

I lapped her pussy like a starving man, filling my mouth with her juices, loving the taste of her. I took her swollen clit in my mouth and circled it with my tongue, doing everything I knew to please her and take her over the top.

She began to moan and pulled her legs up to wrap them around my head. I felt like I was one with her, feeling her sensations mixed together with my still burning cock and the dull pain from the clothespins on my nipples. I couldn't get enough of her in my mouth and I devoured her, wanting her pussy like I've never wanted one before.

"Ah... ahh... ahhh, oh God, I'm cumming again Baby," she cried out, throwing her head back and gripping me between her wet thighs as she exploded, bucking her hips and grinding herself against my face as my mouth filled with her flow.

I kept my mouth on her as she slowly came back to Earth, my tongue gently exploring her. Finally she opened her eyes and looked at me, saying, "Mmm, so good Baby, I love seeing your face between my legs all wet from me.

She leaned forward and said "Let's take those clothespins off you now, although I'm afraid they're going to hurt a lot when they come off." and she reached for them. They did indeed hurt coming off.

"Now let's trade places Jack, it's time for you to cum."

I sat down in the chair and Karen knelt between my knees. Without another word she bent down and took my cock in her hand, swirling her tongue around the head and finally opening her mouth and taking it completely in. My cock was incredibly sensitive from the whipping and her warm mouth felt amazing.

She took me in deeper than anyone ever had and I was soon building up to an orgasm. Just as I was about to explode she took her mouth off me and asked, "Do you still want to cum in my mouth Jack?"

"Oh please Baby yes, I'm so close," I said desperately.

"You remember I said there would be a condition?"

"Anything Karen, please, what is it?"

"You can cum in my mouth... but I'm not going to swallow it."

"That's fine, okay!"

"But you are Jack, after I feed it to you," she said with that crooked grin.

Swallow my own cum? The thought was repelling, but I really had no choice.

"Yes Karen, I'll swallow it," I said.

She opened her mouth and went back down on my cock, taking me in deeper still until her nose pressed against my belly, and in seconds I had the most explosive orgasm of my life. My cock jerked again and again as I pumped my load into her... I thought it would never stop.

When my cock finally settled down I looked at Karen and could see she was holding all of my cum in her mouth, her cheeks bulging out a little as some of it dribbled down her chin. Then she rose up, and I will never forget her 'cat who ate the canary' expression as her face came towards me, closer and closer, until her mouth was on mine.

I closed my eyes as our mouths opened and she began pushing my warm cum into me. I swallowed as fast as I could as she kept squeezing it in until finally her mouth was emptied and I had swallowed it all. The transfer then turned into a long and deep kiss as our tongues met, both coated with my own cum... and I made sure to lick all the remaining drops off of her chin.

When she broke away from our kiss she said, "Now I want to use your tongue somewhere else... you know what I want now, don't you Jack?"

"Yes, I do Karen."

She got up and lay face down on the carpet and spread her legs apart. I got down on the floor between her legs, my face directly above her ass, and began gently running my tongue over her the length of her crack, starting at the bottom and moving up.

After a couple of passes I gently parted her ass with my hands and repeated the motion, this time licking deeper between her cheeks. She began to softly moan as I continued, gradually pushing my tongue further down until it was close to her asshole. When I finally touched it with my tongue she gasped, and as I slowly circled it she began moaning more loudly.

Then I put my tongue directly on her asshole and slowly pushed it in. "Oh God," she cried, "I can't believe how good that feels Baby. Push it into me Jack, fuck my ass with your tongue. "

I pushed it in as deep as I could and held it still for a moment, then I began moving it in and out and around the inside of her, thoroughly exploring her most secret place with my tongue. "Mmm, oh God I love this," she said, raising her ass against me, urging me even deeper. "This is the perfect after play."

And that was the final act of my submission to Karen that evening, although not the end of our lovemaking. After showering together we got into bed and made wonderfully sweet and caring "vanilla" love, gently exploring each other, giving and taking pleasure as equals and feeling an incredibly intimate connection.

I wondered how often Karen would want to dominate me. Was it a one-time thing to experience her long-held fantasies, or would she want to do it regularly? Were there be more things she'd want to do, other fantasies to act out, or even new things to try that she hadn't even thought of yet?

Lying beside each other in the afterglow of our lovemaking, I told her that I never thought I could ever feel this connected to someone. She replied that she felt the same, never expecting she would have a lover who shared her darkest fantasies.

"Especially someone I really liked and wanted to like me," she added, and then laughed. "I figured that if I ever talked about this stuff I'd only be doing it to get someone I didn't like out of my life!"

"So, you're saying you like me Karen?"

"I love you Jack," she said.

"That's good," I said, "because I love you too."

We turned to each other for one last kiss before turning off the light and then we both turned over on our sides and into a perfect spooning.

"Jack," she whispered in the darkness, "can a relationship work like this?"

"Like what?" I asked, nuzzling the back of her neck as I held her against me.

"Doing these kinky things. Hurting you. Because I really loved it, tonight was just incredible," she said, "and you know I'm going to want to do it again, right? "

"Well, I was hoping you'd want to do it again."

"Any time I want?"

"Yes."

"You might be sorry you said that Jack."

"If I'm ever sorry about saying that I'll tell you Karen. Until then, I want you to do whatever you want, whenever you want."

"I can try doing other things to you, because we have safe words, right?"

"Yes."

We lay there in silence for a few minutes, my mind cataloging everything she might want to try... and everything I'd enjoy her trying. Somehow I felt secure that those two lists would have a lot in common.

"Jack," she said, "after the conference tomorrow can we go shopping?"

"For what?" I asked.

"Well, we need a collar and leash for you, and a strap-on for me, not to mention a proper flogger, and... a few other things. I might still have some more secrets, you know."

Femdom Between Friends Ch. 02
byjack562004©

We had set the alarm clock in Karen's hotel room to go off early so we'd have plenty of time to shower, dress and get over to the Las Vegas Convention Center before the doors opened. It was the second day of the conference we were attending on behalf of the company we both worked for, and it was up to us to staff our display booth and give a presentation later in the day.

I heard the alarm go off at 6:00 am, but Karen quickly switched it off and slipped out of bed while I lazily dozed off for a little extra snooze.

About 15 minutes later she gently woke me with a hand on my shoulder and a soft voice in my ear saying, "Coffee's ready Jack, time to get up." I guess you could say I woke up and smelled the coffee, opening my eyes to see her sitting on the side of the bed in a terrycloth hotel robe and two steaming cups on the nightstand. I sat up and rubbed the sleep out of my eyes.

"Now this is a surprise," I said with a smile, "After last night I didn't expect you to be serving me coffee this morning, Karen."

She gave me that crooked grin that I liked so much and replied, "Well, this is what being real looks like Jack, why shouldn't I do something nice for someone I like?"

After working together for years as close but strictly platonic friends, Karen and I had just learned the night before that we had, much to our surprise, some very compatible BDSM fantasies... I had long dreamed of being used harshly by a dominant woman, while Karen had fantasied for years about having a man under her control.

Being real was the key, as neither of us had any interest in the theatrical kind of BDSM role play that you see so often in femdom erotica. In my fantasies, the woman in control would want to hurt me because it excited her sexually, but she didn't need to scold, insult or ridicule me while doing it; as odd as it might sound, she was nice to me about it... even apologetic.

For whatever the reason, this scenario had been the focus of my sexual fantasies for years... a nice girl who liked me enough to feel some guilt about needing to whip me to get herself off. There was something about a woman becoming aroused by hurting me -- and at the same time feeling sorry for me for having to endure it -- that thrilled me to the core.

I had pretty much given up hope that I'd ever find that woman, especially someone that I liked enough to want to suffer for her own pleasure, so imagine my surprise at learning that my colleague and good friend Karen -- with her freckles, strawberry blonde hair and girl next door looks -- had secretly dreamed since childhood of enslaving a man and even whipping him.

These thoughts went all the way back to her childhood, when she watched cowboy movies and found herself strangely fascinated by scenes of men getting whipped. But just like me, she was all about keeping it real; not playing a game of "Mistress using Slave," but simply "Karen using Jack."

She liked me as much as I liked her, so it took some convincing on my part before she finally accepted that I really did want her to whip me. And, just like in my fantasies, when she began laying into me she felt badly about it... but not badly enough to hold back from thrashing me long and hard with my own belt, violating my asshole, making me eat out both her pussy and ass and even swallow my own cum.

And after all that, we ended the night by making gentle and caring "vanilla" love, which was also very real -- because we had fallen in love.

How our secret desires developed over the years I have no idea. My parents didn't believe in corporal punishment; did some part of me think I deserved to be disciplined, so I grew up craving it? And what about Karen, did she grow up resenting the authority of her father? Or was it just that seeing a man suffering for her was a way of proving his love?

Well, I'll leave it for others to analyze and theorize. All I could think about now is that amazing moment last night when Karen and I first realized we were ready and willing to make each other's fantasies real, remembering the eagerness I saw in her eyes -- and the hint of cruelty.

She reached for one of the coffees and I did the same. After taking a sip she looked at me and asked, "Are you okay Jack? I mean, are you okay about everything we did last night?"

"I'm more than okay about it Karen, I loved it... all of it," I said. "How are you feeling about it?"

"Jack, it was... it was amazing, I've never been so turned on in my life," she said. "Whipping you for real was like, a thousand times hotter than in my fantasies. And I loved being able to make you do whatever I wanted."

"Well, I've never cum so hard and for so long... I thought it would never stop," I said.

"You did cum a lot... but I guess you learned a downside of that!"

"Yes, that is true."

We drank our coffee in silence for a minute, a perfectly comfortable minute; I always believed you knew you were really connected with someone when there was no awkwardness from a conversation going silent.

Finally Karen set her cup on the nightstand, looked at me and broke the silence. "Can this really work Jack? I mean, can I be your girlfriend and dominatrix at the same time? Do I have to be one or the other, and then how do I know which one to be? I'm feeling a little confused about it."

I thought about it for a moment and said, "I think you can be both Karen."

"But what if I'm really feeling like I want to do things to you and you're just not in the mood, or it's not a good time? Or if you want me to whip you or whatever and I just don't feel like doing it?"

"Well, doesn't any couple have the exact same issues about when to have regular vanilla sex?"

She thought for a second, then laughed and said, "Well, duh, I guess that's true!"

"Being real about it means we can, you know, just ask," I said. "You can ask me whenever you feel like playing, and I can ask you... I think we communicate well enough for that."

"Yeah... you're right Jack."

"And as for being my girlfriend," I said, taking her hand, "I want you to be that all the time."

She smiled and squeezed my hand. "Jeez, I'm still getting used to this... maybe I'll write my autobiography and call it 'One Dumb Domme', what do you think?"

"I think you knew exactly what to do once you got going last night, Karen."

"Yeah, I went pretty crazy, I really got into a state... you're sure it wasn't too much?"

I put my coffee cup on the nightstand and pulled her to me. I kissed her full on her lips and said, "No Baby, it wasn't too much. You can go even further if you want to."

We kissed again and she whispered in my ear, "I think I want to, Jack."

"Do you have anything particular in mind?"

"Oh, you'll find out soon enough. We're still going shopping for toys after the conference today, right?"

"Yes, and speaking of the conference, we better start getting ready."

I drained my coffee and got out of bed, and went to retrieve the jeans and shirt that I left on the floor of Karen's hotel room last night. As I passed by a mirror I caught sight of the redness of my ass and the backs of my thighs where Karen had worked me over. Looking down at my cock, which was not spared a lashing either, I saw it was still red as well.

I put my clothes on and kissed Karen goodbye before heading to my own room to shower and dress for the conference. An hour later we met up in the hotel restaurant, both of us in now our best business attire, and sat down to have a good breakfast before the full day's work ahead of us.

When we finished eating I told Karen I was going to use the restroom before we headed out and stood up. "Hold on Jack," she said, "I have something for you." I walked around to her side of the table she as reached into her purse and pulled out a handful of small but very wide rubber bands, each probably just a little over an inch in diameter but maybe 3/8ths of an inch wide. She motioned for me to bend down so that she could speak quietly into my ear.

"These were holding bunches of those pens with our logo that we had made for the show," she said. "Would you do something for me Jack?"

"Of course," I replied.

"Could you take these into the men's room with you," she said, pressing them into my hand, "and put them on your cock? I think you could probably fit three or four of them on."

I pocketed them and headed off to the restroom. Once there I entered a stall, and after relieving myself I left my cock out as I retrieved the rubber bands from my pocket. They were brightly colored in yellow, blue, green and pink, and I began fitting them over my flaccid penis.

I was able to fit four of them on so that my entire shaft was covered up to the head -- I'm circumcised -- and the only tricky part was getting them on so that none of my pubic hair was caught underneath them. I put my cock back into my briefs and returned to our table.

Karen looked at me and asked with her eyes if I had completed my task.

"Done," I said.

"I'd like it if you wore those all day Jack, that way I know you'll be thinking of me."

"All day? Even during the presentation we'll be doing later?"

"Especially during the presentation," she said, grinning. "We better get going now."

Ever the gentleman, I held her chair as she stood up. We walked out of the hotel and made our way to the shuttle buses ferrying conference attendees over to the Convention Center. As we boarded the next bus leaving, Karen said, "Let's sit in the back."

We made our way to back of the half-full bus and sat down in the back. Karen turned to me and quietly asked, "How do they feel on you, Jack?"

"A little strange," I replied.

"Are they uncomfortable?"

"Not really. I definitely know they're there, but they wouldn't be uncomfortable unless I, you know... got excited."

I should have realized what was going to happen the moment those words left my mouth.

"Let's see," Karen said, discreetly slipping a hand under the messenger bag that lay across my lap and quickly locating my cock. She began teasing it through the thin fabric of my dress slacks, and it didn't take long for me to respond.

"How are they feeling now?"

"Not good... they're squeezing me pretty tightly."

"Mmm," she said, whispering in my ear, "it turns me on to know that. I'm sorry to have to tell you that your cock is in for a much harder time later on."

"A harder time?" I asked, sarcastically.

"No pun intended," she said, giving it a sharp squeeze that made me wince.

She continued to discreetly play with me until our bus pulled up to the Convention Center, and although the rubber bands felt quite unpleasant I was thankful they kept my cock in check well enough that I didn't have to worry about standing up to leave the bus.

The doors opened a few minutes later and we filed in, found our display booth and started setting it up for a day's work.

It was a crowded conference and we were both kept busy speaking to the stream of attendees stopping by our booth, discussing our products, handing out brochures and exchanging business cards.

Occasionally I would look over at Karen and marvel how this charming and professional-looking woman, her hair neatly tied back and wearing a crisp navy blue business suit, had only last night driven herself into a sexual frenzy by whipping me until I cried. Even more amazing was knowing that she had every intention of doing it again, and might even now be thinking about other ways to use me.

I watched the men and women engaged in conversation with her, musing on what they would think if they could have seen her unleash the fantasies she had been nurturing for years. Of course I also couldn't help wondering what they would think of seeing me, a polished and well-dressed businessman, naked and bound to the back of a chair while being whipped to tears.

The morning passed into afternoon and the time arrived for our company presentation. Karen and I stood in the wings of the small auditorium stage as we were introduced, and as we waited her hand moved to the front of my slacks and her fingers found my cock. Once more I was thankful for the rubber bands keeping my erection down even though I was again being uncomfortably squeezed as we walked out on stage.

Our presentation went very well. Karen and I were both good speakers; we had prepared well and our slides were engaging, and we believed in our new product line enough to evangelize it convincingly. We finished on time and spent the next hour chatting with the attendees who wanted to meet us and learn more about our company, or pitch their own services -- the usual networking stuff.

Finally the day came to a close and the end of the conference. We packed up all of our materials and now had the evening ahead of us, as our company was generously allowing us to spend another night in Las Vegas and fly back the following day.

"Shall we go shopping before getting dinner, Jack?" Karen asked me. "I found an interesting store." She showed me the place on her phone and it looked like it filled the bill; I had known we wouldn't have much trouble finding a place in this city that had the items Karen had in mind to buy. "Looks good," I said, "let's go."

A half hour later we found ourselves in the Las Vegas Adult Emporium, me with a red plastic shopping basket in hand, and we were like two kids in a candy store. I thought I'd been around the block a few times but I was seeing things I didn't know existed and I'm sure Karen was too. Of course many of the items had very obvious purposes, sometimes not necessarily pleasant for whoever was on the receiving end.

It didn't take us long to pick out a collar and leash set, the first toy I had suggested last night to Karen's enthusiastic agreement. We found a simple black leather collar with a chrome ring attached to it and a nice chain leash with a leather handhold, and as I looked at it in my shopping basket I felt light headed thinking about wearing it. I knew Karen would have me doing many things later on, but even just the thought of being on a leash held by her hand was intoxicating to me.

We then picked out a nice set of padded leather wrist and ankle cuffs, and naturally they had large rings on them for tying the wearer in any way desired. Karen also grabbed a large bundle of soft cotton bondage rope, and then surprised me a little by adding a set of very traditional looking police handcuffs to our basket. "Have you fantasized about arresting someone?" I asked her with a smile.

"My father was a cop," she replied, "and every time I saw the handcuffs he wore on his belt I couldn't help thinking about what it would be like to snap them on my lover's wrists."

"I guess you're going to find out," I said. "Yep," she replied, giving me that crooked grin.

We added to our basket a beautiful Scottish tawse, hand-made with two long and heavy black leather side-by-side straps, with a brown and black pattern on the handle. I had the feeling I would be having a love-hate relationship with this item that would start tonight and continue for a long time to come.

That feeling was reinforced when Karen tossed a ball gag into our basket. I glanced at it and then looked up at her. "We'll need to keep the noise down tonight," she said, letting some butterflies loose n my stomach.

Next we came to a display case with an assortment of butt plugs, which I anticipated Karen would want to use on me. As we looked them over she asked, "What size should we get, Jack?" Since I had never had anything in my ass before her insistent fingers the night before, I mumbled something about starting small. "That's fine Baby," she said, "but let's get a larger one too... we'll work up to it."

Then it was time to choose a strap-on harness, which Karen had said she wanted to try wearing to further violate me. It didn't take long for her to decide that one in particular had a realistic penis dildo that closely resembled my own in size and shape. "You're going to find out what it would feel like to be fucked in the ass by you," she whispered to me, setting my cock swelling against the rubber bands I still wore.

This harness had the added bonus of another dildo on the inside that would go inside her vagina, and I thought to myself that this would inevitably lead to her fucking my ass long and hard enough for her to cum herself.

After grabbing a tube of lubricant expressly designed for anal sex we made our way to the store cashier, an attractive young woman with a severe haircut and rather extensive tattoos and piercings. As we placed our items on the counter I wondered if she was curious which one of us would be on the receiving end of all this gear. "Did you find everything you were looking for?" she asked us.

To my embarrassment Karen quickly settled the question of who the sub was by replying a little nervously, "Actually no. Do you have, like, a small flogger that would be good to whip a penis with?"

The cashier replied that she did, and went off to retrieve the item she had in mind from a nearby display case. She quickly returned and presented us with a very short flogger having only 4 thin leather strips at the business end. "This works really good," she told us, and smiled at me while adding, "it's small enough that you can aim it exactly where you want it to go. Anything else?"

"Um, do you," Karen began, "have anything that would, uh, make it hurt when he got hard?" My face was probably turning a little red at this point.

"Well," the cashier said, "a lot of people use the Gates of Hell, but my boyfriend says they just squeeze him and don't really hurt. Maybe you'd like to try this," she said, and reached down below the counter.

What she brought up was the most menacing-looking sex toy I had ever seen. It was a hinged stainless steel cock ring, more like a sleeve really, being at least an inch and half long with dozens of pointed screws that would be aimed at the hapless cock inside it. A tiny padlock kept the device closed around the penis, and it even came with a small hex key to adjust the depth of the screw points.

"I love this, my boyfriend says it hurts like hell when I start getting him hard," the cashier said, again looking at me and smiling, clearly knowing what I was in for and enjoying the thought.

"Oh... well this looks perfect," Karen said, "I think that's everything for now."

Our purchases added up to a pretty penny; this stuff was pricey. "I guess we can't expense this," I said, and Karen laughed.

With our shopping complete and our new toys bagged I started to leave, but Karen had another idea. "Do you have dressing rooms?" she asked the cashier.

"Yes," she said and pointed the way. "You can try things on in there but no actual sex is allowed." I then noticed the small video monitoring screens behind the counter and realized that nothing would be private in those dressing rooms.

We made our way back to the dressing rooms and went into the nearest one. After closing the door Karen said, "Jack, don't you love this stainless steel thing? Let's get rid of those rubber bands and go ahead and put it on you."

As she was taking it out of the package I lowered my pants and briefs and took the rubber bands off of my cock, grateful to finally be rid of them but also knowing that something worse would momentarily replace them. I glanced at the small camera mounted up high in the corner and began to get aroused thinking the cashier might be watching. "Karen," I said, "I'm too hard to put this on now."

She looked at my erection and said, "I'll have to fix that, Jack" and took out her brand new little flogger. Before I could utter a word of protest she took the head of my hard cock in her hand and brought the flogger down hard on my shaft, making a loud snapping sound that I was sure could be heard in the store.

"Jeez," I gasped, "that really hurts."



"I'm sorry Baby, but I really want to get that thing on you."

After she lashed me 3 more times my cock was soft enough to fit the device over it. I snapped the little padlock shut and handed Karen the keys, which she dropped into her purse. Then she handed me the little hex key and told me to tighten all the screw points enough so they just made contact with my soft cock. It took a few minutes since there were 28 of the darn things.

Finally we left the dressing room and I could see that the cashier was facing her small video monitors just before she turned away. The steel cock ring was heavy on me as we walked past her and she looked at me with a knowing smile. "Thanks for all your help," Karen said to her. "You're welcome," she replied, "Enjoy!"

We were both starving and went straight to dinner in the hotel restaurant after dropping our shopping bag off in Karen's room. Our dinner conversation was all about the conference and our work, but I never for one second stopped thinking about the heavy stainless steel on my cock and the other items waiting for us upstairs.

After our meal we picked out a bottle of wine to take back to our room, and then it was time to go upstairs and begin whatever was in store for me this evening. We found ourselves alone in the elevator going up to our floor and after a moment of silence Karen turned to me and asked, "Have you been thinking about what's going to happen tonight, Jack?"

"I haven't stopped thinking about it," I said.

"Neither have I," she said. "Are you okay with everything we bought?"

"Oh, I'm fine with all of it," I told her.

"Good, because I'm really excited... I can't help it, this is still so new to me... I'm going to want to try everything out on you."

"I know, it's okay... we have our safe words."

"Yes we do," she said, as the elevator doors opened on our floor.

As we walked down the hall to her room Karen said, "I hope you'll never have to use a safe word... I'll really try not to get too crazy."

"Don't worry about it," I said, "I want you to do everything you want to do,"

"You honestly mean that?"

"Yes, I do. Even when it hurts bad it excites me to know it's what you want."

We reached the door to her room and she took me in her arms and kissed me. "I love you Jack," she said.

"I love you too Karen."

She opened the door with her key card and we went in. "Why don't you put the wine on the coffee table and I'll get a couple of glasses," she said.

I did so and sat down on the sofa, and a minute later Karen came in with the wine glasses and set them down on the table. Then, standing in front of me, she said softly, "Please take all your clothes off, Jack."

I got up and she sat down where I had been, and just like last night I started undressing as she watched. I was still wearing my charcoal gray business suit, and somehow that made it even more humiliating than taking off the casual clothes I wore last night. Karen still had on the navy blue skirt and matching jacket that she'd worn all day, and crossing her legs as I stripped, smiled at me.

"You're turning red again," she said, "you're so cute when you're humiliated."

Finally I was completely naked except for the heavy stainless steel spiked cock ring locked onto my penis. I was starting to get a little hard and beginning to feel the spikes pressing in on me. "Please get on your knees Jack," said Karen, "keep your eyes down and put your hands behind your back."

I obeyed while Karen went into the Adult Emporium bag on the floor and retrieved the shiny chrome handcuffs we bought. As she got up and moved behind me I could hear the metallic clicking of her opening them before snapping them tightly on my wrists a minute later.

"Did that feel as good as you thought it would?" I asked.

"Even better," she answered as she sat back down, "how do they make you feel?"

"Captured," I said.

"Mmm, which you are." Then she took out the black leather collar and leaned forward to place it around my neck and buckle it firmly closed. Finally she took out the chain leash, clipped it onto the collar's ring, and sat back with the leash holder in her left hand.

"What a beautiful sight... I love it," she said, looking at me up and down. She leaned forward to kiss me and her right hand went down to my locked up cock. As she teased me with her fingers I felt the pressure increase against the steel collar, the dozens of screw points pressing into me more painfully.

"Is this thing hurting badly now?"

"Yes it is."

"That turns me on so much... I'm really starting to think I'm sadistic. Are you sure that doesn't freak you out?"

"No... I want to be the victim of your sadism."

She kissed me again and as our mouths opened to each other she reached up and pinched my left nipple very hard. I moaned into her mouth and she trembled with excitement and murmured, "My victim, oh yes you are Baby." Then she did the same thing to my right nipple.

Then she pulled back from me and slid over to the left side of the couch, and pulling on the leash, told me to sit beside her to her right. It was a little awkward scrambling to my feet with my hands cuffed behind my back but I managed to get up and onto the couch next to her.

There we were sitting side by side with Karen still in her business suit and me naked save for my steel cock ring, the tight handcuffs holding my wrists behind me and the collar around my neck attached to the leash she was holding.

"It would be fun to just sit and watch a movie like this," she said, "although I'd have to keep doing things to you every once in a while."

"Would you feed me popcorn?" I asked.

"Sure," she replied. "Would you like some wine now?"

"That would be great."

She opened the bottle and filled one of the glasses, and after taking a sip from it herself she held the glass to my lips. It was overwhelming how completely I felt under her control by this simple act.

"Do you think you're a masochist, Jack?" she asked as I took a sip.

"I guess to some extent I am, but it's not really that I just like pain... it's exciting when I know that hurting me is turning you on."

"You were telling me last night about how pain and pleasure got mixed coming from the nerve endings from your ass."

"That's right."

"What if I whipped you on your back? Wouldn't that just hurt, and not be like, you know, sexual?"

"Um, yes."

She was quiet for a moment, seemingly lost in thought. "You remember those cowboy movies I told you I liked watching as a kid?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied. "You liked it when a guy got whipped."

"Well, when a guy got whipped it was always on his back. If I wanted to whip your back, would that be okay?"

"That would be fine if it excited you Karen."

"Um, it would... I think I want to do that later. I'll start slow again like you asked."

"That would be good," I said, as my cock throbbed painfully inside the spiked cock ring.

"Do you know what the hottest part of last night was for me?" she asked.

"Um, no, what was it?"

"When you started crying while I was whipping you. That's kind of sadistic, isn't it?"

"I think that's pretty hot," I said.

She reached over and began toying again with my trapped cock. "Some time Jack, when we're in a place where we can make all the noise we want, I'd like to whip you until you scream. Would that be okay?"

I winced as my cock swelled even harder against the cruel spikes. "Yes," I said.

"Mmm, I can tell it excites you. Oh God, that thing must really be hurting you now."

"It is."

"I've got to use your mouth now Jack, I'm so hot for it," she said breathlessly.

She lifted her hips and pulled her skirt up to her waist, and then she pushed her panties down over her legs and kicked them off. She lay back on the couch, parted her thighs and put her left leg up on the coffee table to give me full access to her. As she pulled my head down to her lap with the leash she told me to get on my stomach, and she helped me move my legs up onto the couch so I could. The spikes hurt even more as I lay down with my cock under me against the cushions.

After I got into the position she wanted she pushed my face against her crotch and said simply, "Lick." My mouth found her soaking wet pussy and I began eating her, swallowing her juices as I worked my lips and tongue on her.

As she began to moan with pleasure I could hear her fumbling with some items from our shopping bag and a minute later I felt something cold and wet pressing at my ass cheeks and quickly finding my asshole, and then an insistent pressure as she began to push the lubed butt plug into me.

Helpless to stop the inevitable with my hands cuffed behind me, I groaned into her pussy as she pushed the plug in deeper, and she responded by moaning louder and grinding herself against my face. I didn't know what size she was using but it felt like it was too big for me to take.

I gasped when she gave it one final push and my sphincter suddenly closed over the recessed part of the plug, and Karen said excitedly, "Oh yes Baby, it's in you all the way now." I was nearly in tears from the pain from my cock on top of the discomfort of the plug stuffed up my ass but I kept on eating her out as best I could.

Her breathing got faster and more urgent as pressed harder on my head with one hand and on the butt plug in my ass with the other. Suddenly she cried out, "Oh God, Jack, I'm going to cum," and moments later, "Ahh, ahhh, oh GOD!" as her body shook from the orgasm that overcame her.

She stroked my hair as her breathing slowly returned to normal and I kissed the wet insides of her thighs, her juices smeared all over my face. "Oh God, Jack, that was so good, I came so hard Baby," she said. "Now I want my favorite after play."

She slid further down on the sofa, raised her hips up and spread her lags wider, and I knew what she wanted as she pushed my head down. She reached around under herself and pulled her ass cheeks apart as I moved my mouth from her wet pussy down to her assshole, circling it slowly with my tongue before touching the small opening and entering her.

"Yes Baby, mmm that feels so good after I cum. Fuck my ass with your tongue Jack." I pushed my tongue deeper into her ass and explored her inside, slowly moving it in and out of her. "Ohhh, yes Baby, I love that," she sighed.

Finally she tugged at my leash and helped me back up to a sitting position, adding to the pressure of the butt plug still inside me, and rearranged herself as well. She looked at my cock, which had now turned an alarming shade of purple inside the steel cock ring, and without a word she went into her purse to retrieve the small keys and mercifully unlocked and removed it. There were angry red dots all over my cock from the sharp screw points but the skin wasn't broken anywhere.

Karen held the glass of wine to my lips and I gratefully drank from it, then she finished it off herself and reached over to stroke my cock. As my long suppressed erection began to grow she said, "Poor Baby, I guess you want to cum yourself?"

"Yes," I replied.

She was quiet for a few moments before saying, "I'm sorry Jack, I know you must want to, but I want to tie you up and whip you first."

I swallowed hard, remembered our recent conversation. "I understand," I said.

She got up from the sofa and straightened her disheveled skirt. Then she pulled at my leash indicating I should stand up, picked up the shopping bag and led me into her bedroom. Being led on a leash to what was sure to be a painful fate made me weak in the knees.

Karen never said a word as she buckled the wrist and ankle cuffs on me. She then had me lie facedown on the bed and went to work cutting the bondage rope we bought into four segments and securing each of my limbs to a bed post. It was a queen size bed and my arms and legs were spread wide.

"Raise up," she said, and as she shoved a pillow under my hips to elevate my ass I suspected that a whipping wasn't all that lay ahead of me on this bed.

Finally she took the ball gag out of the bag, placed the ball in my mouth and buckled the strap tightly at the back of my neck. "I wish I could hear you scream Jack," she said, "but since we're in a hotel that will have to wait."

I suddenly realized I wouldn't be able to get a safe word out if I needed to, but Karen seemed to read my thoughts, "I read about something you could do instead of saying a safe word," she said. Then she pressed a small rubber ball into my left hand. "Just hold this and let it go if gets to be too much, okay Baby?"

I nodded my understanding and squeezed the little ball, hoping I could keep it right where it was.

"I want to be naked while I whip you Jack," she announced, and proceeded to undress away from my sight. I could hear her breathing heavily as she did and grew harder knowing she was getting excited all over again just from the anticipation of whipping me.

A minute later she appeared alongside the bed, naked and holding the Scottish tawse in her right hand. She held it out so the leather straps touched me between my shoulder blades and then she trailed them down along my back and over my ass.

"I'll start slowly Jack and gradually start hitting you harder, just like last night. And I'm sorry but I guess it won't end until I'm hitting you pretty hard."

With the ball gag in my mouth I could only make an "Mmm-hmm" sound.

She left the tawse draped across my back, reached over to the butt plug still inside me and started to slowly pull it out. Again it hurt as the bulging part of the plug stretched my sphincter.

"I don't want anything distracting you from your whipping," she told me. It was a relief when she finally pulled it all the way out, but I couldn't stop wondering what else was coming... until she bent down and whispered in my ear.

"I'm going to whip your back now Baby," she said, "and then I'm going to fuck your ass really hard with that strap-on." So I was going to be fucked, something I actually dreaded more than the impending whipping. It almost made me want the whipping to go on as long as possible.

The first strikes of the tawse across my shoulder blades were relatively light as she promised but the instrument still made a loud snapping sound when the leather straps met my skin. She struck me again and again, moving slightly downward with each stroke until finally reaching the small of my back.

The sting from the lashes spread a heat over my entire back. Karen paused, stroked my hair and said, "I love whipping your back, it's really getting me hot. I'm sorry but I have to start hitting you harder now."

Then she started over again on my shoulder blades, bringing the tawse down hard. Each lash was like a hot flame across my back now, burning and then receding into a persistent sting. She whipped me again and again, a little lower each time until she once more reached the small of my back. I held the little ball tightly in my hand.

She paused once more to stroke my hair. "Are you looking forward to me fucking you in the ass, Sweetheart?" she asked me. I tried to make a negative-sounding "Mmm-hmm" sound through the ball gag but I don't think she understood me.

"I guess it will be more fun than this whipping is," she said, "although I'm going to have to fuck you as deep and hard as I can." I nodded my understanding.

"But before I do that I have to whip you really hard," she added.

Without waiting for a response from me she brought the instrument down as hard as she could across my shoulder blades, bringing from me a guttural cry of pain into my ball gag.

"Oh yes, that's what I want to hear Baby," she said, and once again the tawse began a journey down my back as she whipped me even harder. I was crying out into my gag with each stroke and my tears were coming fast. I squeezed the rubber ball as hard as I could.

I could hear her breathing harder until she was moaning with each blow, and glancing over at her I saw she was rubbing her pussy with her left hand as she whipped me with her right.

By the time she reached my middle back she was gasping with each stroke. She whipped me faster and faster and I knew she was approaching another orgasm as her gasps turned to cries, which sounded just like my cries of pain; we were crying out together in pain and pleasure and it drove me as deep into subspace as I've ever been, feeling at one with this woman in the most intimate way imaginable.

When the tawse finally crashed down on the small of my back Karen stifled a scream as she climaxed and threw herself over me on the bed. Lying across my burning back she continued to rub her pussy and cry out her pleasure as her orgasm went on and on.

She lay still for a few minutes as she recovered, her breathing slowly returning to normal as the fire on my back gradually cooled to a dull roar. Finally she moved her body to lie against me on her side, drawing her right leg up and over me. I could feel her wetness on me as she kissed my face and whispered "Oh Jack, God that was so good Baby, so good. Now I'm going to fuck you."

She got up and went out to the living room, and reappeared a few minutes later wearing the strap-on. She stood next to the bed directly in my line of sight and fondled the realistic erect cock protruding from her crotch as if to give me time to fully appreciate it -- along with the knowledge that my asshole was its destination. I was about to get fucked, and there was nothing I could do to escape my fate, except for letting go of the rubber ball I still held.

To my surprise though she took the ball out of my hand and removed the ball gag. Then she clambered up onto the bed, getting on her hands and knees perpendicular to my sideways-turned head, and lowered her hips down to my face. When the tip of the silicone cock touched my lips I realized that my mouth was not to be spared.

"Suck me Jack," she said, "suck my hard cock."

I opened my mouth to let it in. Karen began to gently rock her hips to move it in and out me, pushing it into me a little deeper each time. When it was only halfway into my mouth I gagged on it.

"Relax and take it in," she said. "All of us women have to learn this, with you guys always sticking your cocks in us everywhere."

She continued to slowly fuck my mouth, sometimes holding her cock still for a few moments after pushing it in. I realized I was thinking of it now as "her cock," and did my best to hold back from gagging to let her have her way with me.

Soon she began making sounds of pleasure again. "That's it Baby, suck my cock, take it all the way in," she said, "Make it good and hard so I can fuck your ass with it." Of course on one level I knew the silicone cock was already hard -- but on another level I felt like I was being forced to assist in my own rape.

"Mmm, I like fucking your mouth Jack," she said. "I wish I could cum down your throat with my cock." I wished she could as well.

She thrust it into me again and again and I learned to take it. Finally she touched the back of my throat and held it there, moaning with pleasure. Then she slowly withdrew and climbed off the bed, stopping to whisper "ass time" in my ear.

I watched her pick up the tube of lubricant and apply it generously to her cock before getting back on the bed and kneeling between my bound and spread legs, and the next thing I knew she was pushing a cold glob of the lubricant into my asshole. Then she moved her body up over me, supporting herself with her left hand as she positioned her cock with her right. I felt it touch my ass cheeks and tensed up.

"Try to relax Sweetheart," she said. "It's going in whether you like it or not and it'll be easier for you if you relax."

Karen guided the head of her cock with her hand until it made contact with my asshole and then she slowly began to enter me. I tensed up again and it felt awful. She withdrew, applied more lube and put her cock in me again. As she pushed into me I tried not to resist, and she slowly pressed it in more. Suddenly it slid forward and I gasped in pain.


"Mmm," she said, "I'm inside you now Jack. I'm fucking your ass." She relaxed her full weight on my back, took my head in both of her hands and whispered in my ear, "Here's some more for you Baby," as she pushed it in even further. "Oh God," I said, "It's too much Karen, I can't take it."

"I'm sorry Jack, but you have to take it," she said. Then she began moving it in and out of me, pushing it in a little deeper each time. I was groaning with each thrust and pulling at my bound wrists and ankles in a futile attempt to escape my impalement.

She slowed and stopped only to maneuver her cock deeper inside me and began thrusting again, faster now and with more force. "God I've always wanted to do this," she said breathlessly, "Oh God, I love fucking you."

As she pumped her cock into me again and again she began moaning and I knew my fucking would go on until she could cum. Her moans turned to cries as she drove herself into me harder and faster and I unconsciously began bucking my hips to meet her thrusts.

I knew she was fucking me as hard as she could to get herself off from the inner dildo on her harness. It felt so impersonal, as if my body was bound to the bed just to be used by her for her own pleasure. I was nothing more than a receptacle for her cock at that moment, and although I felt like my insides were being ripped apart... I loved it.

Suddenly she cried out "I'm cumming," and clawed at my hair as she gave me a series of yet harder stabs until finally screaming "Oh God, OH GOD!" into my ear.

She raised herself up on her arms to jam her hips against me with even more force and cried out "Ahh, Ahhh, AHHHH," as if she was in pain, ramming her cock into me with each cry. As her orgasm finally peaked she gave me one final thrust and tried to hold her cock still, but her body shuddered so heavily it felt like I was still being fucked.

She collapsed her body on top of me. "Oh my God Jack, I've never cum like that," she said when she caught her breath, "Oh God, that was incredible." After a few minutes she kissed me and began pulling out of me, the silicone cock making a "pop" sound as it came out.

She took off the harness, untied my wrist and ankle cuffs, lay down beside me on the bed and we faced each other to embrace. "You're so good to me Baby," she said, caressing and kissing my face, "so good, so good." Our mouths opened up to each other and it was the most intimate deep kiss ever as I felt completely at one with her, and I knew that she felt the same.

We lay holding each other for quite a while. I guess Karen couldn't help but notice my hard cock pressed against her belly because finally she said, "you didn't cum, did you Jack? I was trying to hit your prostate, I read that a guy could cum that way."

"No, I didn't," I said, "but that's okay."

"No, it's not okay," she said, and began putting the harness back on. "Please no, not again," I mumbled.

"Just once more," she said.

She asked me to get up on my hands and knees, saying "I'm going to fuck you doggie-style, and you're going to cum." I got into position and she knelt behind me, and moments later I felt her hands take firm hold of my ass and then the dildo pressed up against me. She quickly found my asshole and slid it into me forcefully, again making me gasp, and then she began probing my insides.

After a minute she found the spot she was looking for and an electric current shot through me. Then she reached under me, took my cock in her hand and began jacking me off, saying, "Cum for me Jack, cum for me now," and in seconds I exploded in an orgasm like I've never had before. It was all I could do not to scream as I shot load after load onto the bed below me while she urged me on, saying "Yes Baby, yes Baby, that's it, let it all out."

I thought my cock would never stop jerking but it finally did. Karen pulled out of me and we both collapsed on the bed, careful to avoid the sticky mess I had made. We looked into each other's eyes and we both went "Oh my God," at the exact same time, causing us to break up into hysterical laughter.

"Jeez," I said to her, brushing her hair out of her eyes, "You're telling me you read how to do that?"

"Yep, I told you I did a lot of research," she said with that crooked grin, "It's amazing what you can learn on the Internet."

"That was incredible... I think a lot of guys don't know what they're missing," I told her.

"I think you're right about that," she said, kissing my nose. "Jack... last night and tonight have been so amazing, you've let me do so many things I never thought I'd really do. Thanks for letting me explore."

"Oh I could say the same, Karen," I said. "I thought it'd be impossible for these things to ever happen to me, because my fantasies were never about just anyone... they were always about someone who I felt about the way I feel about you."

"I totally get it," she said, "I guess I'll know if your feelings for me ever change... you won't get hard when I tie you up," she said, smiling.

I looked into her eyes and said, "My feelings for you won't change."

She held my gaze for a moment and then asked softly, "Do you want to move in with me when we get home?"

"Me move in with you?"

"That's what I said. You're in an apartment... I've got a house."

"Done," I said.

"You're sure?"

"I've never been more sure of anything."

"Jack, I've got a soundproof den in the basement. It was my ex-husband's man cave... do you know what that means?"

"Yes Karen, I know what that means."

"We don't have to do all of this stuff all of the time, Jack... you know that right? Let's keep it special."

"I know Baby. I think it's going to work out just fine."

We fell asleep in each other's arms and dozed for about an hour. When we woke Karen said, "I think it's time for a nice hot shower, don't you?"

"That sounds great," I said.

She helped me take off the wrist and ankle cuffs I was still wearing, along with my collar, and a few minutes later we were together in her shower stall with steaming hot water pouring over us. I soaped her body from top to bottom and she did the same for me, paying special attention to my cock... which didn't take long to respond.

"I think I'm going to be pretty clean down there," I said.

She embraced me and spoke into my ear, "Jack... I've got another secret I want to tell you."

"You've still got more secrets?"

"Yes," she said, fondling my cock. "Sometimes I... I feel like I'd like to be forced to do something myself."

"Really?" I asked. I had never given thought to this scenario before, and was surprised how much it aroused me. Make Karen do something for me? It seemed incredibly exotic after she made me do so many things for her.

"Could you do that?" she asked, still fondling my cock, "Is there something you'd like to make me do right now?"

I looked at her questioning eyes, and without saying a word I gently pushed down on her shoulders. She quickly understood and dropped down to her knees in front of me, staring at my hard cock inches in front of face.

It felt awkward but I said, "I want you to suck me off."

She looked up at me, the hot water streaming over her pretty face. "Um, do I have to swallow your cum?"

"Yes," I said, "all of it." I couldn't believe how excited this was getting me. I had never really fantasized about dominating a woman, but something new clicked in my head. I think at that moment I felt so connected to her that my empathy for her experience was turning me on.

She put her tongue on the head of cock and circled the tip with her tongue, and then she took my cock into her warm mouth and began slowly and sensuously sucking me. She alternated between taking me in deep and pulling back to tease the head, and as her pace increased she reached up to caress my balls with her hand.

"Umm, oh God that feels good Baby," I moaned, looking down at her head moving back and forth on my cock.

I was getting close to cumming when she moved her hand down from my balls and between my legs. I spread my legs slightly and she inserted her middle finger into my asshole, pushing it in as she deep throated me, her face making contact with my lower belly.

"I'm gonna cum," I said, and seconds later I exploded down her throat. She was moaning as her throat worked quickly to swallow each load that I shot into her and I grunted with each spasm of my cock.

She slowly withdrew from me after my orgasm finished but kept lovingly running her tongue over my shaft as it softened, finally kissing the head and then slowly rising up to a standing position again.

"I liked that Jack," she said, "did you like making me suck you?"

"Yes," I said, "more than I expected."

"I get in the mood for that sometimes... I think I might even want to see how a spanking feels one of these days. It's weird but sometimes when I'm playing with you I get turned on thinking about what you're feeling."

"I felt the same thing about making you suck me," I said. "I feel like... that maybe we both want to know what it's like to be inside each other's heads."

"Wow... yes," she said, "I think I know what you mean, I think we already are kind of in each other's heads."

"I'd do anything you asked me to do, and I'll spank you if you want me to."

"Mmm," she said, touching my face. "Well, you know what... right now, I want to make you pay for what you just made me do."

"Ha, I should have known there'd be a catch."

"I want to make you do something really nasty," she said. "Is that okay?"

"Yes," I said, wondering what it could possibly be.

As she reached up and pressed down on my shoulders she said, "I want you to swallow me now Jack." As I went down to my knees I was puzzled; since she had just swallowed all of my cum she couldn't feed it to me from her mouth like she did last night.

When I was on my knees facing her crotch she said, "Open your mouth." As I did, she stepped forward to straddle my face and put her pussy against my lips. She put her hands on the sides of my head as if to hold it in place, and I suddenly realized what she was about to do.

I felt repulsed for a moment, but as soon as the warm liquid flowed into my mouth I unthinkingly began swallowing without hesitation. Karen moaned, "Oh Jack, Jack," as I swallowed gulp after gulp of her, the tangy scent filling my nostrils, until the flow gradually subsided to a trickle.

I licked her pussy clean of every last drop and then she put her hands up against the shower wall and began grinding herself against my face. I kept on eating her out as the juices coming into my mouth turned from pee to sexual excretions, and moments later she cried out as she came once more.

She slowly rose to her feet and we hugged each other tightly under the hot running water. "God, I'm sorry I'm such a pervert," she whispered. "I don't even know where that came from."

"It came from all the wine you drank," I told her, making her laugh. "Well, duh," she said, "I guess that's another quote for that 'One Dumb Domme' autobiography I'm going to write."

"I could use a drink of that wine about now myself," I said, making her laugh again. I thought to myself how much I loved making her laugh.

We finished our shower, and, ravenous from our exertions, ordered a nice late night snack from room service. Then, just like the night before, we made sweet and incredibly intimate vanilla love. Holding her in my arms, the connection I felt to her seemed so strong, so unbreakable.

"Well, this has no doubt been the best business trip I've ever been on," I told her.

"Me too," she said. "It's pretty amazing to trust each other enough to open up our darkest secrets... I still can't quite believe I'm talking to someone about my crazy fantasies, let alone acting them out."

"And now I'm going to move in with you... to paraphrase Yogi Berra, we have our whole future ahead of us."

"Right," she laughed. "It's going to be a little weird going back to the office, isn't it?"

"Not as long as you don't keep giving me rubber bands to wear."

"Well, I don't know if I can commit to that."

"Than I guess I'll have to deal with it," I said.

As we spooned in the darkness and began drifting off to sleep I whispered, "A soundproof den?"

"Umm-hmm," she replied sleepily.

I dreamed about it.



Femdom Between Friends Ch. 03
byjack562004©

The weeks following our return from a Las Vegas trade show were busy with my move into Karen's house. It was a moment of both relief and excitement when I finally carried the last box of stuff out of my old apartment, for I was filled with anticipation of the new life ahead of me.

I was confident living with Karen would work out great, but I had been a little apprehensive about returning to the office where she and I both worked; I wondered how different our professional lives would feel since my confession to her in Vegas that I dreamed of submitting to a woman who derived sexual pleasure from using and abusing a man, and her admission to me in return that she had long fantasized about doing that very thing.

The three days we spent in Vegas felt like a dream, for we not only opened up our darkest secrets to each other but acted on them as well. By day we worked our company booth at the Convention Center, and in the evenings we explored our mutual fantasies in the safety of our hotel rooms. Karen gradually became bolder in her use of me as she grew more assured that I welcomed it, and by our last night in Vegas she was happily doing all of the unspeakable things to me that I craved. And more.

Well, I needn't have worried about our return to the office, for we were both professionals and our working relationship immediately returned to what it was before. The only thing new was the way we would occasionally catch each other's eye and she would give me that crooked grin that I liked so much. I would smile back and feel a little electrical charge at the shared knowledge that passed between us.

Karen did not at all fit the image many people might have of a domme, but instead fit more into that "girl next door" stereotype with her freckles, strawberry blonde hair and warm personality. We shared a complete lack of interest in the black leather and spikes you so often see in BDSM-themed erotica, and the theatrics of dominants insulting their subs in anger did nothing for us either. The most erotic thing for us was to just be the people we really were, in love with each other and simply accepting of the fact that she was turned on by dominating me and I was turned on by letting her.

Sometimes in a meeting I would look at her as she was speaking before the room and recall how this poised and conservatively dressed young woman took so much pleasure in whipping me to tears and forcing me to service her most intimate places; before I knew it, I'd have a huge erection, and I'd have to quickly switch my thoughts to something like baseball before I was called upon to stand up and speak.

We had frequent sex during those first weeks of living together but it was purely vanilla, gentle and loving, which came very naturally out of our deep affection for each other. Neither of us had an interest in a 24/7 D/s lifestyle, but we both knew that more "special" times were ahead of us when we were both in the right mood to explore those desires.

One Saturday when Karen had to go into the office to finish up an important report I decided to do a little prep work for when that time came. Karen's ex-husband had built a soundproof den in the basement which was the obvious location for what I had in mind, and I had recently visited a hardware store to pick up the supplies I'd need.

The room had very sturdy overhead wooden beams which were ideal for my plans. I got up on the small step ladder I had brought down from upstairs and drilled two holes about four feet apart in the middle of the center beam, then I installed a large chrome steel screw eye in each. I attached short lengths of chain to the screw eyes, and the dangling chains with quick links were now ready to be clipped onto wrist cuffs.

These would just look like sturdy plant hangers to the casual observer; less innocuous would be the screw eyes I mounted in the baseboards on each side of the room, but these could easily be concealed until needed. I had additional lengths of chain on hand, already measured to the right length, with quick links ready to clip onto ankle cuffs. I attached them, coiled them up on the floor, and hid each of them with a small accent cabinet and a potted plant.

I was mindful of the need for adequate but easily accessible camouflage because I knew that Sarah, Karen's older sister, would be visiting us the following weekend. It was also only a matter of time before our parents came by as well, not to mention our friends and professional acquaintances. I had already brought our "toy box" down from the bedroom and left it in a corner of the room; it would eventually have to be hidden in the closet, but I was hoping we'd be using it tonight.

When I was finished I stood there admiring my work when Karen texted me, saying she was having a hard time finishing up her report and asking if I'd mind getting dinner started. Of course not, I replied, and after putting away the stepladder and my tools I turned off the lights and went up to the kitchen to prepare the roast chicken we planned on having that night.

After seasoning it and putting it in a pan with some fingerling potatoes I slipped it into the oven and put together a nice garden salad. I always enjoyed cooking, but this time it was accompanied by a bit of an edge thinking about what I had done in the basement and wondering when it might be first used.

Karen arrived home about an hour later, good timing as dinner was just about ready. "Jeez," she said as she walked into the kitchen, "that was painful, nobody bothered getting me the data I asked for, so I had to pull it all myself. Not my idea of how to spend a Saturday."

"Well," I said, "dinner's ready, and I predict your Saturday night will be better than your day."

"Mmm, it smells good Jack, I think it's better already."

Dinner was accompanied by some good white wine, and we settled into the living room for a second glass each. "Feeling better now?" I asked.

"Lots better, but I'm still frustrated I couldn't get any help with that report," she said.

I paused for a few seconds and then took her hand in mine. "Karen," I asked her, "do you feel like maybe working off some of that frustration?"

She looked at me and, quickly understanding what I was suggesting, broke into that crooked grin and squeezed my hand. "You know what, you read my mind... I was actually thinking of that driving home and... it started making me wet," she said, blushing slightly. "It's been a while... I take it you're in the mood to be, um, worked on?"

Instead of answering, I moved her hand to my crotch, so she could feel the swelling under my jeans.

"You are ready, aren't you," she said with a smile. "I'd like that Jack. Maybe we should adjourn to the downstairs den."

"I was hoping you'd say that."

"Should we get our box of toys from the bedroom?' she asked.

"It's already downstairs," I said.

"It sounds like you planned this."

"Oh yes, more than you know."

I stood up, still holding her hand, and led her downstairs. At the doorway to the den I told her to close her eyes, then led her inside and flipped on the lights.

"Okay, you can open them."

"Oh my God," she exclaimed, looking up at the chains hanging down from the overhead beam. "You've turned my nice den into a torture chamber!"

"Didn't I ever mention my home improvement skills?"

"No, I don't recall that you did."

"Do you approve?"

"Oh yes, I definitely approve," she said, and turned to embrace me. We kissed deeply, and I reached down to pull her hips against me, so she could feel my hardness. "Mmm," she murmured, slowly grinding herself on me, "Saturday night is looking better and better."

She gently broke away from our embrace and went to sit down on the small leather sofa that we used to watch TV. "Would you take off all your clothes while I watch, Jack?"

"I have to show you something first," I said, and went to each side of the room to move the accent cabinet and potted plant out of the way, revealing the coiled chains.

"Oh God," Karen said, "I'm getting really hot now." I took the chains and extended them over the oak flooring out to where they'd be needed.

Without another word I began to strip, folding my clothes neatly on a nearby chair as I did. This was our established ritual, and I always found it a little humiliating to undress while she watched. Of course, she knew it had this effect on me, and it excited us both. Although I was mostly looking down, I did catch a glimpse of her touching the crotch of her jeans.

I finally stood before her completely naked, my hard cock at full attention. "Please get on your knees Jack,' she said, and after I did she stood up and moved close to me, straddling me with her legs and grasping the back of my head to press my face against her lower body.

"I'm so excited," she said softly, stroking my hair. "I can't wait to see you chained up, and to whip you like that. I'll start out slow, but I want to whip you hard. Is that okay?"

"Yes Karen," I said, "you know you can do anything you want to me."

"Mmm, thank you Baby, you're so good to me. Let's fix you up, where is our toy box?"

I pointed to the cardboard box in the corner. She went over to it and retrieved the leather wrist and ankle cuffs we had bought in Las Vegas, came back to me and said, "Please stand up."

I stood, and without another word she proceeded to attach the cuffs to my wrists and ankles, buckling each one firmly in place. "There," she said, and led me over to the chains dangling overhead.

"Hmm, I can't reach those clips," she said.

"There's a stepladder in the closet," I told her.

"You've thought of everything, Sweetheart."

She got the stepladder from the closet, placed it next to me on my right side and climbed up it, easily within reach now of the quick link at the end of the chain. "Give me your hand," she said, and I held up my right arm. As she attached the quick link to the ring on my wrist cuff I marveled once again at how lucky I was to find this sweet girl that could get so excited about punishing me.

After a few minutes both of my arms were raised up and my wrists were attached to the overhead chains. Karen put the stepladder away and bent down to attach my ankle cuffs.

"Spread your legs more Jack," she said.

I moved my legs apart and soon both my wrists and ankles were bound, my limbs extended and making my body into the X shape that I had been anticipating. Karen stood up and moved in front of me, taking a few steps back to admire the view.

"Oh God, you look so hot," she said, "I love seeing you chained up." She moved closer to me and reached up to touch my upraised left arm, trailing her fingers down it, over my rib cage and down to my hip. "So hot," she said again. Then her fingers found my hard cock, which she fondled before reaching down to cup my balls.

"I'm so turned on Jack, I feel like whipping you really hard. I'm sorry Baby."

"I know Karen... it's okay."

She went back to the cardboard toy box, and I knew what she was going to get from it... the beautiful Scottish tawse that we bought in Las Vegas. Sure enough, a minute later she was standing in front of me again holding it in her hands. She examined it, and then she looked up at me with a curious expression on her face before looking back down at it again.

"Is something wrong?" I asked.

"No... I'm just thinking about something," she said.

"What are you thinking about?"

"Well... I bought something last week, kind of on a whim, and then I decided I'd return it... but, um, I haven't yet."

"Why were you going to return it?"

"Well, I thought it might be too much... you know, kind of going too far... but seeing you like this..."

"Seeing me like this makes you want to keep it? And maybe try it?"

She paused for a minute. "Um, yes... seeing you like this makes me want to try it."

I hesitated for a few seconds and then, not sure what I was getting myself into, said, "Why don't you go get it and show me."

"Okay."

She left the room and went upstairs to retrieve this mystery object. Standing there naked with my wrists and ankles securely retrained, my body completely exposed and open to whatever she wanted to do to me, I felt pretty sure that whatever she bought had the purpose of inflicting pain. I also felt pretty sure I would, in the end, let her use it on me.

She was only gone for a minute, but it felt like an hour before she walked back in and stood before me again, hiding her new toy behind her back.

"Do you remember when I talked about watching cowboy movies when I was a kid and obsessing on the scenes of guys getting tied up and whipped?" she asked.

"Oh yes, I remember," I replied.

"Well, it's not like they were using a tawse... it was more something like this."

She brought her left hand out from behind her back to display her purchase. It was a black leather single tail whip.

I was speechless for a few seconds. "Uh, is that like a miniature bullwhip?" I finally asked.

"It's called a signal whip," she replied. "I actually thought about getting a bullwhip but the guy at the store recommended this for beginners, it's only 4 feet long and he said it would be easier to control and safer to use."

"Well," I said, "safer sounds... good."

She uncoiled the whip, dropped the end down to my cock and slowly looped it around the shaft.

"This would hurt more than the tawse, maybe a lot more. But I've practiced with it, on a pillow, and I'm pretty sure I can use it without breaking the skin. It's easier to target this kind of whip than with the bigger ones."

I went a little weak at the knees hearing her say "target," knowing this meant places on my body. Places that would probably soon be feeling the business end of this new whip.

"Do you want to use that on me, Karen?"

She looked at me with eyes that were a little sad, and reached up with her right hand to caress my face. "Yes Jack, I do... seeing you chained up like this and holding this whip in my hand makes me want to use it... my stomach is doing flip flops, I'm so turned on."

"If using that on me would excite you, then... I want you to."

"Do you really mean that?" she asked me. "I couldn't stand it if you thought I was too weird for you. Are you sure you want a crazy girlfriend that gets off on whipping you?"

"I think you already know the answer to that," I said. "Look at your whip."

She looked down at the whip looped around my cock and saw that I was hard as rock.

"Oh Baby," she said, wrapping her arms around me, "I love you." She leaned up and kissed me, and reached down to fondle my rigid cock again. It throbbed to her touch. "I love you too," I said.

"You're turned on too, aren't you," she said, squeezing some precum out of my cock. She put her fingertips on my lips and spread it over them, then reached back down to squeeze out more. "Open your mouth," she said, and pushed her wet fingertips inside me so I could lick them clean.

"You remember your safe words, right?" she asked.

"Yes, and you remember I might beg you to stop but you don't have to unless I use a safe word, right?"

"Oh yes... you know, when I bought this it was going through my mind how much it would make you beg for mercy... I know it's weird, but I like hearing you beg."

"It's not weird Karen, it's fun for me too."

"Okay Sweetheart." She unlooped the whip from around my cock and brought it up to my face.

"If I use this on you it will be on your back, your ass, and your thighs. I'll go easy on you at first, but I'm really in the mood to whip you until you're crying and begging for me to stop."

"I understand."

"But you know I won't stop Jack, and your begging will just make me whip you harder."

"I know."

"Then kiss the whip if you want me to begin."

She held the signal whip to my lips and I kissed the braided leather, and then Karen moved behind me. She cracked the whip in the air a few times and the sound made me jump in my chains.

"Sounds scary, doesn't it?" she asked.

"Yes," I replied, with a catch in my voice.

"Are you scared?"

"Yes."

"I don't blame you. Well you won't be scared much longer, just in a lot of pain."

She held the end of the whip, touching my back with it to measure off her distance, and I suddenly realized I was trembling with fear.

Without warning she swung the whip, striking my back diagonally across my shoulder blades. I felt nothing for a split second and then a burning sensation spread across my back. She paused, seeming to instinctively know the arc of my pain as it rose and fell, and then she struck me again, this time slightly lower than before.

"Oh," she said, "I wish you could see the red stripes this makes. It's like I can paint your back with this."

The third lash was harder, and I groaned through my gritted teeth.

"That hurt more, didn't it?

"Yes, it did."

The fourth lash was harder still, causing me to arch my body and pull at my chains. "God, that really hurts Karen."

"Oh Baby, I love seeing you move your body like that," she said. She swung again and struck me in the same place but this time the end of the whip curled around me and caught the edge of my right nipple. "Jeez" I shouted, twisting in my restraints, "you really are good with that thing!"

"I told you I practiced," she said with a giggle.

Then she began punishing me in earnest, lashing me again and again in an unrelenting rhythm, gradually lowering her aim each time until she reached the small of my back. I was on fire.

I sensed she was carefully focused on making equally spaced parallel stripes on me, and as bad as it hurt the thought of her being so detached from my pain was exquisite.

Then she whipped me sideways across the top of my ass. "Ahhh, I don't know if I can take much more of that," I said.

"I'm so sorry Sweetheart, but I'm afraid you have to," she said, and flogged my ass again, putting another stripe just below the last. "God, that really hurts," I said again, but now with an edge of panic creeping into my voice.

She swung the whip three times more without pausing in between and tears were now streaming down my face. "Please stop Karen, it's too much!" I cried.

"I know it's too much Jack. I want it to be too much," she said, "I want you to feel like you can't possibly take any more," and she whipped my ass again as hard as she could, this time making me scream.

"It's a good thing my ex soundproofed this room," she said with a laugh.

She put the whip down and for a second I thought she was going to stop, but then I realized from the sounds I heard that she had started to take off her clothes.

"I'm so wet Baby, I have to strip before I soak right through these jeans." It wasn't the first time she had undressed behind me during a whipping, adding to my pain the frustration of not being able to see her naked body.

"Now I'm going to finish striping your ass Jack, and the backs of thighs as well. And I'm going to make myself cum while I do it." I knew the worst was ahead of me once she started her ride to orgasm.

I could hear her start to breathe more heavily as she swung the whip and I knew she was pleasuring herself with her left hand at the same time. My erection had long since disappeared but picturing what she was doing behind me almost brought it back. Almost.

As she worked her way down my ass she began to grunt with each swing of the whip, each grunt now followed by a pitiful cry from me. "Please Karen, no more, oh God I just can't take it. I'll do anything for you if you'll stop!"

"Jack, you'll do anything for me anyway," and the whip crashed just below the bottom of my ass, that tender place where the tops of my thighs ended. I screamed bloody murder.

Then she went to work on my thighs, and on one particularly brutal lash the whip curled around and managed to catch the side of my balls. I howled in pain and as I did Karen cried out, "I'm cumming, Oh God, OHH GOD, AHH AHHH AHHHH!"


Her orgasm seemed to on forever and she kept whipping me again and again for the duration. After what felt like an eternity the blows stopped, and I heard the whip fall to the floor... and then all I could hear was the sound of Karen panting.

My eyes were closed, and my face was wet with tears. My back, ass and thighs were still burning white hot when suddenly Karen's mouth enveloped my soft cock. I almost instantly grew hard as she took me all the way in, her face pressing against my lower belly as my cock quickly expanded inside her.

As she slowly began moving her head back and forth on me, the contrast of the pure heaven from my cock against the pain of my back took me over the edge in less than a minute and I exploded down her throat. She gulped me down as my cock spasmed again and again until I was completely drained, and the attention from her warm lips and tongue continued as I gradually grew soft again.

When my cock was completely flaccid she gave it a farewell kiss, stood up and embraced me. My back still burned but her naked and sweaty body felt wonderful against my front. "Oh God, that was amazing," she said, and kissed me passionately. "I'm sorry I went so hard on you, seeing you chained up like this just made me go crazy."

"Well Baby," I said, "I'm the crazy one who put in these chains."

She retrieved the stepladder from the closet and unbuckled my wrists, then bent down and freed my ankles.

"I loved the way you moved under the whip, I hope you didn't strain any muscles twisting around like that" she said, touching my arms.

"I'm fine, and I hope you didn't either," I replied, "you were working pretty hard."

"I guess my right arm got some pretty good exercise. But now you've got some work to do."

She lay down on her stomach and I knew she wanted her favorite afterplay, so I dutifully lay down between her legs and gently ran my tongue up along her ass crack. Then I parted her with my hands and ever so lightly circled her most intimate spot, and she sighed with pleasure.

Finally, the tip of my tongue touched the center of her asshole, and as I held it there she raised her hips in anticipation. "Oh my God," she cried as I entered her. "Yes Baby, that's it, fuck my ass with your tongue." I pushed it into her as deep as I could.

The world never made more sense to me than when I was worshipping the asshole of the woman who had just given me enormous pain. Usually Karen just relaxed and reveled in the feel of my tongue inside her, but this time she reached under herself seeking her pussy. As my tongue explored her ass she rubbed herself to another orgasm, moaning and bucking underneath me.

The rest of the evening was taken up by a long and luxurious shower, where we took turns soaping each other and washing each other's hair. When we finished we toweled each other dry, and before leaving the bathroom Karen made me hold a hand mirror so that I could see the array of red stripes down my back, ass and thighs in the reflection of the full-length mirror on the door.

"Wow," I said, you really did a nice job, they're so evenly spaced."

"You've awakened my inner artist," she said, "next time I might try for a crisscrossed pattern."

We got in bed, naked as we always slept, turned out the light and held each other in the darkness.

"Jack, I want to ask you something. You know my sister Sarah's coming to visit next weekend."

"Right, we might want to hang some plants on those chains in the den."

"Well... maybe not. I haven't mentioned this before, but Sarah... um, the two of us kind of shared some of the fantasies I told you I first had as a kid, we used to watch those cowboy movies together and talk about the way we felt seeing guys get strung up and whipped... the way we both felt."

"Really? So, she's a pervert like you?" I said, prompting Karen to mock punch me in the arm.

"Yes, I guess she is. But... we've always been close and open with each other... and I was wondering if it would bother you if I told her about some of the things we do. I'd like to share with her how lucky I feel about finding you."

I had to think about this for a moment. "Does she really look at it like you do, I mean... she wouldn't think any less of me for being a submissive guy?"

"Oh no, she'd just be happy for me and she'd really admire you. I'm sure she'd like to find someone like you for herself, and I hope she does some day. I know she'd be really interested in what we do."

"Then sure, that's fine... I guess I might feel a little funny around her, but no biggie."

"Thanks, Baby" Karen said, giving me a kiss. "It means a lot to me to be able to share with her, we're really close. She's a really down to earth person, I'm sure she'll be cool about it and you'll feel okay around her."

"Okay Sweetheart, I'm looking forward to meeting her... and I guess we don't have to hang plants in the den after all."

We both fell asleep quickly and woke up to a bright and sunny Sunday morning. The day was filled with chores, including cleaning the house and getting the guest bedroom ready for Sarah's visit.

The following week went by quickly, and soon it was Friday. Karen took the day off from work to pick up Sarah at the airport, and since the two of them had most of the day together I figured she would have already told her older sister about our recreational pursuits by the time I got home.

I was still a little nervous about it as I walked in the front door and entered the living room, where Karen and Sarah were sitting drinking coffee. Sarah jumped up to shake my hand, saying "Jack, I'm so glad to meet you at last!"

"Great to meet you too, Sarah!" I said. She was a couple of inches taller than Karen, almost as tall as me, with the same freckles and strawberry blonde hair but cut in a short pixie cut instead of Karen's shoulder-length style.

It was easy to see the family resemblance between them, although Sarah seemed more muscular in her arms and legs. Karen had told me she was an avid surfer, which would certainly explain the great shape she was in.

We made small talk for a few minutes and Sarah's easy-going manner soon put me at ease. When It was almost time to leave for the French restaurant where I had a reservation for us I went upstairs to change from my work clothes into jeans and a polo shirt. I came back down and off we went.

Dinner with the two of them was relaxed and enjoyable. Sarah had the same easy laugh and great sense of humor as Karen, and the two of them together were a little like a well-rehearsed comedy duo, feeding each other straight lines and displaying impeccable timing from a lifetime of in-jokes. There was an affectionate closeness between them, and I could understand why Karen liked to share things with her sister.

When we got back to the house we decided to break out some ice cream, since we had skipped desert at the restaurant. Karen served us and then she and I sat down on the living room sofa while Sarah took a chair across from us.

"Do you guys mind if I lose my shoes?" she asked.

"Make yourself at home," I said, and Karen and I both followed suit.

"So, if you don't mind my being nosy," Sarah began, "is marriage on the horizon for you two? I mean, seeing as how you're living together and you seem like a pretty good match."

"Hmm, we haven't really talked about it," Karen said, turning to me and smiling. "Jack only moved in last month, I guess we'll see how it goes."

"In my humble opinion, it's going great so far," I offered.

"It looks like it's going great," said Sarah. "You both seem really happy."

"Are we?" I said, turning to Karen. "I hadn't noticed."

Karen ruffled my hair, saying "You're damn right we're happy, you big oaf."

Nobody said anything for a minute, and then Karen spoke up. "Jack, I told you I was going to share with Sarah some, uh, common interests that we have," she said, and looked across at Sarah while adding, "I thought you should know I talked to her about that today before you came home."

It was quiet again for a few seconds before Sarah spoke up. "And I want you to know I think it's wonderful, Jack... I want you to feel comfortable around me because I'm not at all prudish in the least about these things."

"That's good to hear Sarah," I said. "Karen and I had worked together for a long time before we found out what we had in common." I put my arm around Karen and added, "I think it came as a big surprise to both of us... and a very welcome surprise."

"I think that's so cool," said Sarah. "I'm a little jealous of my baby sister, I guess she told you that we have some of the same interests... and I hope I can find a guy like you someday."

"There's a lot of us out there looking for this," I said, "I'm sure you'll find someone."

"Mmm, I hope so," she replied. Then she paused before saying, "Would you guys mind if I was really nosy and asked you some stupid questions?"

"Ask away," said Karen, "we're open books!"

"Well, I'm just curious... how often do you, uh, you know, how often do you do..."

We all laughed when Karen jumped in to finish her question. "Kinky stuff?"

"Yes," Sarah said, "I just want to get an idea, um, what your life is like."

"Well, we only do it when we're both in the mood," I said, "and sometimes we go weeks without doing it, we just get too busy with work and all. It's like a special thing and maybe doing it too often wouldn't be good... we'll have, uh, regular sex but we'll save the kinky stuff for special times."

"I striped him good just last weekend, but it was the first time since he moved in," Karen volunteered.

"Striped him?" Sarah asked, puzzled. "What do you mean?"

"I mean I put stripes on him with a whip," said Karen.

"Oh my God... that must have hurt!"

"It did," I said, "big time."

"Were they like, um, red?" asked Sarah.

"They're still there," Karen replied. Jack... why don't you take off your shirt and show her."

A small shock wave went through me. I hadn't expected this, and I looked at Karen. She met my gaze and gave me an almost imperceptible nod. I stood up and pulled my polo shirt up and over my head, and after draping it on the arm of the sofa I went over to Sarah and squatted down with my back to her.

"Oh wow," Sarah exclaimed, touching my back lightly. "Each one of these marks is from a whip lash?"

"Yep," said Karen, in a tone of self-satisfaction. "And there's a lot more, it's like that all the way down to his thighs."

"Oh... boy, I wish I could see that," Sarah said.

There was silence in the room for a few seconds before Karen sent a bigger shock wave through me.

"Jack," she said, "would you take off the rest of your clothes, so Sarah can see all your stripes?"

I looked at Karen from my squatting position in front of Sarah. She gave me another subtle nod, and I thought I saw a kind of faraway look in her eyes. Sarah said nothing.

"Okay," I said. I stood up and slowly unbuttoned and unzipped my jeans. By the time I was ready to lower them I was sporting an erection which would soon be on public display, and there was nothing I could do about that. I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my underwear and lowered them together with my jeans, slipping them off along with my socks.

"Oh wow, you really did do a number on him," Sarah said, as I stood completely naked with my back to her and imagined her looking me over. I watched Karen's face and saw her eyes move down my body to my hard cock, and then she looked up and smiled at me.

"Could you turn around and face Sarah?" she asked me. I turned around and Sarah's eyes immediately went to my erection. "Oh my," she said. "Are you hard just from being naked in front of me, Jack?" she asked.

"Probably so," Karen volunteered before I could answer, "Have you heard of CFNM?"

"Um, no."

"It stands for Clothed Female, Naked Male. It's a big thing with a lot of male submissives, they respond to the humiliation they feel when for once it's them getting objectified instead of the woman. It's called a power exchange."

"Mmm, I like this power exchange thing," said Sarah. "Is what Karen said right, Jack?"

My mouth had gone dry, but I managed to say, "Yes, she's right Sarah."

"You guys, this is so wild! So, you make him get naked while you keep your clothes on, Karen?"

"Yep," Karen replied.

"I really like this."

"I knew you would."

"What do you do next?"

"Well, next I might put a collar and leash on him."

"Oh Jeez, I'd love to see that."

"Are you okay with showing that to Sarah?" Karen asked me.

"Sure," I said.

"Hang on a minute." Karen got up and went downstairs, and I knew she was going to get my collar and leash out of our toy box. Neither Sarah nor I said anything while we waited, but my cock throbbed when she looked up at me and smiled in a way that indicated she was enjoying my humiliation.

I was wondering what else Karen would bring back with her when she walked back into the living room with the entire box. She put it down next to me and put her hands on my shoulders.

"Please kneel in front of Sarah," she told me. I went down to my knees and she took out my collar and leash from the box, buckled the collar snugly around my neck and attached the leash.

"I usually handcuff him too," she said, "because a lot of times I just want to use his mouth."

"Oh," Sarah said.

Karen took the handcuffs out the box, pulled my wrists behind my back and cuffed them together.

"Now I'm all set to make him do whatever I want," she said, standing behind me.

"God, that's so hot Karen. It must feel so powerful holding that leash."

"Here, take it and see what it feels like."

Karen handed the leash to Sarah and she just sat there holding it, seemingly lost in thought. I felt truly objectified to be naked, handcuffed and on my knees with a raging hard-on in front of my wife's older sister as she held me on a leash.

"Hmm, it's getting pretty hot in here," she finally said. "I could certainly think of something to do with this leash."

Karen went back to the sofa and sat down, and then she really stunned me.

"Go ahead."

"What?" said Sarah.

"I know what you're thinking about, so go ahead and use him. You're okay with it, aren't you Jack?"

"Uh, whatever you want, Karen"

"See Sarah, it's okay. Go for it."

"Right here in front of you?"

"Yes, go ahead... I want you to."

"Oh... no, I couldn't, it would be too weird."

"I dare you. Double dare you."

There was a long silence and time seemed to stand still. Then Sarah put the leash down beside her and stood up, looking into my eyes as she slowly unzipped her jeans and pushed them down along with her underwear. She kicked them aside and sat back down, parted her long legs and I was staring at a moist shaved pussy in front of me.

The thrill of going down on a woman, for me, was always tied to a desire to please a woman I was emotionally connected to... giving pleasure to someone who I wanted to give pleasure to. This felt very different, as I barely knew Sarah at this point.

But I found myself having very conflicting feelings, because the thought of being required to eat out a woman I had only recently met felt like... total servitude. I felt like just an object with a mouth that was about to be used, and the feeling was incredibly erotic. This is how a woman would feel submitting to a stranger, I thought.

All of this went through my head and made my cock throb as Sarah picked my leash back up and began pulling my face to her crotch. I crawled forward on my knees and my face was between her thighs, and she kept pulling my leash until my mouth reached her wet pussy.

She moaned when I touched my lips to it and began tracing it with my tongue and gasped when I pushed it inside her. She grabbed the back of my head to hold me in place and pulled on the leash as she began grinding against my face.

She must have been really turned on as she came very quickly, gushing into my mouth and crying out in a way that sounded a lot like Karen. I kept on gently exploring her as she continued moaning until her breathing slowly returned to normal.

"Oh God, I can't believe I did that. Well, I needed it after talking to you two!" she said.

"He's pretty good with his tongue, isn't he?"

"Yes, he is."

I withdrew my wet face from between her legs but stayed on my knees as Sarah put her pants back on.

"God, I still can't believe I did that," she said with a nervous laugh. "Well... I've sure learned a lot tonight... I really appreciate you guys sharing!"

"I thought you'd be interested," said Karen. "Jack, didn't I tell you Sarah would be interested?"

"That you did," I said.

It was quiet for moment until Sarah broke the silence.

"So, let me ask you something else," Sarah began hesitatingly.

"What would that be, Big Sister?" said Karen.

"Would it, um... God, I'm really embarrassed to ask this, but would it be too soon for another whipping? I'm kind of dying to see that."

"What do you think, Jack? Should we show Sarah our den?"

"Um, yes, that would be okay," I said.

"Are you sure? I'd love for her to see the way you move."

"Yes Karen, it's okay."

"Well then let's go downstairs. Sarah, I'll bring this box of toys and you can take Jack's leash and follow me."

The humiliation I felt being naked around these two fully clothed women, and being led downstairs on a leash by the one who I hardly knew, was intoxicating... I felt myself in a kind of subspace I had never known before, and it felt wonderful. My cock stayed hard and bounced up and down as I followed them down the steps.

We entered the den as Karen flipped on the lights. Sarah's eyes were immediately drawn to the dangling chains overhead.

"Oh wow," she exclaimed, "you've really got kind of a medieval thing going on here!"

"Jack installed these chains just last weekend, he's a real home improvement guy," Karen said with a laugh. "Bring him over right here, under the chains."

Sarah positioned me as Karen put the box down and went to the closet to retrieve the stepladder. After removing my handcuffs and buckling the leather cuffs on my wrists she climbed up it, and I raised my arms to she could attach the quick links to my wrists.

Then she went to each side of the room and moved away the potted plant and accent cabinet to reveal the coiled chains mounted to the baseboards. "Oh my God," said Sarah, "this is so freaking hot!"

After extending the chains Karen buckled the ankle cuffs on me and attached them, and once again my body formed an X as I stood naked and completely vulnerable in the center of the room.

"Why don't you have a seat Sarah," Karen said, pointing to the small couch facing us, "and we'll give you a little show."

"A show!" Sarah said with delight as she took her seat, "God, this is just like in the movies Karen!"

"Exactly," Karen said, as I stood in full display in front of Sarah, who was almost glassy-eyed with anticipation of seeing me whipped. When I saw her rub her crotch through her jeans I felt objectified to my core, like an animal in some kind of cruel circus, about to be flogged in front of an audience and made to dance under the whip for their amusement. My stomach was in knots and I felt light-headed.

Karen moved in front of me and to my relief she had pulled the Scottish tawse out of our toy box, not the signal whip. I really didn't think I could bear another session with the signal whip, and I didn't want to have use a safe word in front of Sarah; maybe it was a macho thing, but I felt compelled to show her what a good slave I was.

"Are you sure you're okay with this, Jack?" she asked me. "I want to whip you hard, so Sarah can see the way it makes you move."

"Yes, I'm okay with it Karen."

"Then kiss the whip," she said, holding it to my lips.

"Oh my God," Sarah said as I kissed the leather tawse, absent-mindedly rubbing her crotch harder.

Karen usually started slow to warm me up, but not this time... I think she was eager to show Sarah a real punishment. A few seconds after she moved behind me the tawse crashed across my upper back, causing me to groan and arch my back.

She quickly followed the first lash with another just below it, and another one just below that. I gritted my teeth and grunted with each blow and began the dance, twisting against my chains.

"Oh my God you guys, this is so hot," Sarah said.

"It gets better," said Karen, and she struck my ass as hard as she could.

"Jeez, that hurts Baby," I said.

"I know," she said, and lashed me again.

"Oh fuck!" I cried.

She whipped my ass again. "God, that really hurts Karen."

"I told you I'd have to whip you hard, Sweetheart," said Karen. "Jack likes to... complain, and sometimes he starts begging me to stop," she told Sarah, "but I don't stop unless he says a safe word. He has fun begging, and I like hearing it."

"I don't blame you," said Sarah, "I like hearing it too! God, this is amazing!"

As Karen continued whipping me I looked at Sarah and I could see the lust in her eyes, the excitement she felt from watching me suffer. I realized just how very much alike the sisters were.

After an especially hard blow, Karen paused.

"Do you want to try this?" Karen asked her sister, as I expected she eventually would.

"Me?" said Sarah.

"Well, you big goofball, I don't see anybody else here?"

"Uh... well shit, yes I'd like to try it."

"Is that okay with you, Jack?" Karen asked.

"Sure, that's fine," I replied.

"I think we could use some cold ones first," said Karen, moving out from behind me and putting the tawse down on the coffee table. "Don't either of you go anywhere, I'll be right back."

As Karen walked upstairs, Sarah and I looked at each other awkwardly. I had never felt such humiliation, naked and chained in front of a woman I had just met as she gazed at me from the couch fully dressed.

After a minute she got up and walked up to me. With my legs spread wide our eyes were at the same level. "You really don't mind if I try whipping you, Jack?" she asked.

"No Sarah, I'm good with it."

She reached out and put her fingertips on my chest.

"I guess Karen told you how much we've both fantasized about this kind of thing."

"Oh yes, she did," I said, "I heard about the cowboy movies."

She giggled while her fingers trailed down to my chest towards my stomach, saying "Oh yes, those cowboy movies."

Our eyes stayed locked on each other as her fingers reached my stomach.

"I never thought I'd get to really do this, and I know Karen never did either."

My cock was already rock hard from her touch before her fingers found it.

"And I didn't think I'd ever... get to be whipped by a woman. Not to mention by two," I said.

She wrapped her fingers around my shaft and said, "It really excites you to know I'm going to whip you, doesn't it?"

"I guess that's something I'm not hiding very well," I said.

Sarah laughed, and as she stole a glance down at the Scottish tawse waiting over on the coffee table I could see the excitement in her eyes for what was to come. I was also noticing, with some apprehension, how well-toned her arms were.

Turning back to me, she said, "I guess this is one of the strangest meet-the-family conversations ever."

"I guess so," I replied.

"I've wanted to try this for such a long time... longer than Karen has," she said, and squeezed my shaft hard. Looking into my eyes she asked, "Is it okay with you if I go just as hard on you as she did?"

"Yes, it's okay Sarah."

She took her hand off my cock, touched my face and smiled.

"Maybe some time Karen will let me have you to myself for a while. You never know... I might turn out to be even more demanding than she is."

An awkward silence followed until Karen returned with a tray holding three cold beers. Walking into the room, she took in the sight of Sarah standing before me with my hard cock pointing to the ceiling.

"I'm so happy that you two are getting along," she said, giving me that crooked grin as she passed a cold beer to Sarah. Then she held one of the bottles up to my lips.

"If I know my big sister, I think you're going to need this Jack," she said, as she let me take a nice long drink. Then she put the tray down on the coffee table, took back up the tawse and stepped behind me.

"Come back here, Sarah."

"Oh God, I've dreamed of this," said Sarah as she joined her sister.

"Here, hold the handle tightly, keep your wrist loose and swing it hard," Karen coached her, handing over the tawse.

Sarah's first swing was to my ass, but it was so light I barely felt it.

"No, no, you've got to swing it hard Sarah," said Karen.

Sarah swung again, striking me in the same place but harder, although still nothing like Karen's blows.

"Harder!" said Karen, "come on, you're stronger than me. Swing it as hard as you can!"

Sarah swung hard and it hurt badly.

"That's it! Now keep doing that, start on his upper back and work your way down. Use those stripes I gave him as targets."

There was that word again. Sarah began whipping me hard across my back in a steady rhythm, moving slightly lower each time.

"God, I love doing this," she said. Karen stepped in front of me and watched me for a minute, then reached up to caress my face. Tears were starting to flow, and she gently wiped them away from my eyes as Sarah continued whipping me.

"Is it hurting bad?" she asked me.

"Yes," I replied through clenched teeth, in between my grunts of pain.

Then she leaned up and whispered in my ear, "Jack... I have a confession to make."

"What's that, Karen?"

"Well... I hope you're okay with it... but I kind of planned this just so I could get to watch you get whipped... It was a little sneaky, but I knew Sarah would go for it."

"Well... Ohh... she's going for it, all right."

"And I also wanted Sarah to whip you so that..."

"So that... Ohhh... what?"

"So that I could kiss you while you were hurting. I've been thinking about doing this since the first time I whipped you."

And she put her lips on mine and kissed me passionately just as Sarah lashed me especially hard across my lower back. I groaned into Karen's open mouth as her tongue explored me.

"Oh yes, Baby," she murmured, "cry into me."

She kept her open mouth on mine as Sarah went on whipping me and pushed her hand down the front of her jeans to rub herself.

"Maybe we can get Sarah to whip you while you're eating me out Jack, and you can cry into my pussy. God, wouldn't that be hot," she said, breathing heavily into my ear.

"Pretty hot," I said, yelling "Jeez!" a second later as Sarah whipped me across my ass. Karen was moaning now in time to Sarah's rhythm and suddenly cried out "Oh God, OHHH GOD!" into my mouth.

As Karen climaxed, Sarah paused and said with a laugh, "Maybe you two should get a room." Then she resumed whipping my burning ass.

"You're already in it," said Karen, and both of them laughed.

"How much longer... AHH... will you let your sister... AHHH... whip me?"

"Not much longer, Sweetheart."

"Are you going to... AHHH... let me cum when she's... AHHHH... finished?"

"Yes, you'll get to cum Baby," Karen said, "and just so you know, it will be me that makes you cum... never Sarah, no matter what else happens."

"It's only you that I... AHHHH... want to make me cum."

"Mmm, that's so sweet to hear," she said, stroking my hair. "But I'm afraid it won't be for a little while, I think you'll have to spend some time chained up on the floor after this... I'd like for Sarah to feel your tongue pushing up into her ass, I think she's a virgin back there just like I was."

"Okay... AHHHHH!"

Karen kissed me again. "I still want to feel you crying into my pussy while you eat me out," she whispered in my ear, "but I'm thinking that instead of having Sarah whip you more..."

"What?"

"I think she'd really like to feel what it's like to fuck a man with my strap-on. Would that be okay?"

"Yes, Karen," I said, just before Sarah's whip slashed across that place between my ass and the tops of my thighs, making me howl in pain.

Sarah was whipping me harder now than Karen had. Reflecting on her muscular body, it occurred to me that she was likely going to fuck me harder as well. And my cock started to grow again despite the fire on my backside.

Karen got her wish of feeling me cry into her pussy that night, and eventually I did get to cum into her sweet mouth, but not before spending a very long time being used while chained up spread eagled on the floor.

I was correct in my assumption that Sarah would very enthusiastically use her muscular body to impale my ass hard and deep. What I didn't anticipate was that both sisters would take turns using my mouth and fucking me all evening before I could cum.