Kat's Boytoy: First Boytoy
bySalamando_Flames©

Note: This story takes place in the World of Civero. All characters are 18 and older.

*

My name is Kat, and I am an Esper, a person with psychic powers. Growing up, I had always used my abilities sparingly, taught never to abuse them. However, by the time I hit High School, curiosity compelled me to test and flex my gift; I developed powers of mind reading, mind control, and some minor illusion casting. I tried to follow my parents' advice, and be a "good girl" for quite a while; it was not until college that I decided to really get my money's worth out of these abilities. What can I say? I was young and horny, and surrounded by similarly young and horny men and women whose lustful thoughts and drives could only be ignored for so long. I decided to finally do something I'd always fantasized about, but never dared to do, even in the hormone-drenched world of High School: I decided to use my psychic powers to fetch myself a boy-toy lover.

I first met Ben in Creative Writing. I thought he was rather cute, a tall, blue-eyed redhead. He was quite creative, sharing stories of fantasy and adventure with the class. He was also shy and had a huge crush on me. I was tall, with black hair, green eyes, and a fit body, exactly his type. I could feel his eyes, and his thoughts, draw towards me within moments of our first class together. I smiled, and wondered if he might ask me out. He never did, though, and soon enough, I found myself too busy with school work to really think about dating.

However, halfway into the semester, I could still feel him gazing at me, apparently content to continue admiring me in silence. I would have been flattered, but for a distinct sense of lust radiating off him, getting stronger as the weeks went by. He clearly had a hard-on for me, and I wondered why he never tried, even once, to hit on me. Was he really that shy?

I decided to investigate this a little further. I figured if he was going to have naughty thoughts about me and not do anything for me in return, I may as well enjoy the show. Peaking inside his head, I discovered a very naughty fantasy indeed. It was rather surreal. He was imagining some sort of elaborate story wherein he was an adventurer captured by a witch, played by me. In the fantasy, I was intent on getting some sort of information out of him, but rather than torture him pain or use some kind of mind control, I was casting spells on his cock, driving him mad with pleasure. As he tried to refuse giving in, "I" would do anything from suck him to fuck him to stroke him to just letting my magic surge through his organ, driving him wild until he couldn't take any more, then continuing to play with him despite his protests. It became evident that there was no information for him to give, and that "I" was just playing with him for amusement.

I found this fantasy extremely amusing, not to mention very arousing. This was exactly the sort of thing that I had fantasized about doing to someone back in High School (minus the witch get-up of course), but never dared to actually try. I decided to plumb deeper into his mind, and saw many similar fantasies. The details were different: he might be a supervillain, and I a superhero trying to "convince" him to change his wicked ways. I might be a vampire and he a common villager who I wished to turn. He might be a hunter and I a fairy who had decided to capture him and teach him a "lesson" about respecting nature. Heck, some fantasies were even quite mundane, just the two of us in his bedroom, me stroking him slowly as I whispered teasingly in his ear. Always him helpless, totally at my mercy, as I took him to heights of pleasure he could only imagine. The more I looked, the more aroused I became.

I had gotten so into sifting through his thoughts, I almost didn't notice when class was over. I came back to reality and noticed my hand was gripping the side of my desk so hard, my knuckles were white. My nipples were hard, and I felt warm dampness between my legs. As I hurriedly gathered up my things, I looked for Ben, but he had already rushed out of the room. I suppose my bringing his fantasies up for me to look at had affected him just as much as me; I'm sure he was nursing quite the hard-on right now, and was racing to relieve it.

Me, I barely made it to the bathroom before my own fluids could create a noticeable stain in my shorts. The room was thankfully empty, and I cast out a blanket psychic notion that anyone wanting to use this bathroom should go to the next one. Once in the stall, I hurriedly yanked my shorts and panties to my ankles, sat down and spread my legs, letting out a gasp as my fingers touched my clit. I rubbed in gentle circles, and was so worked up, I came in under a minute. I played Ben's fantasies in my head over and over, adding my own little notions and details, and continued to touch myself, slipping two fingers from my other hand inside my sex. As I caressed my inner walls and rubbed my clit with greater urgency, I had to bite my lip to keep from crying out as I came twice more in quick succession.

Only then was I satisfied enough to cool off, clean up, and make my way back to my single dorm room. As I prepared for my next class, I made up my mind then and there that I was going to indulge this fantasy of ours. I couldn't, of course, set-up an overly elaborate scene such as his fantasies, and frankly, I thought trying to do so would probably be too weird. But I could certainly accommodate the spirit of the idea.

When we next had class, I telepathically planted a notion in Ben's head to go to the college's main library in a couple hours. After class, I waited for him to arrive, and as he walked through the stacks, I just "happened" to round the corner, and "accidentally" bump into him, dropping my books onto the floor. Ben immediately bent down to pick them up, instinctively the nice guy, and by the time I was crouching down to help, he already had the books in his hand, rising up to give them to me. That's when he noticed who I was. Instantly, his face went red.

"Oh, man," he said. "I'm sorry!"

I smiled warmly at him. "No problem." Taking the books back, we stood, and I made sure he went first, so that as he rose, he caught a glance at my cleavage. His eyes widened slightly, and he swallowed. Internally, my smile became a grin. Poor guy. This was going to be easy, I thought. I almost felt a little sorry for what I had planned for him.

"Hey, so, you're in my Creative Writing class," I said. "Ben, right? I really like your stories."

"Thanks," he smiled a bit sheepishly. "I, uh, I like your stuff, too. You write really well. You've got a better sense of characterization than I do."

I chuckled good naturedly, "Well, thank you, that's very sweet. Hey, maybe we can collaborate sometime."

He smiled broadly. "Yeah, that would be great!" He composed himself, trying not to sound too excited. "So, what are you up to right now?"

"I was about to go to one of the private study rooms," I said. I gave him another disarming smile. "Care to join me? I do have some homework to do, but maybe we can brainstorm a little bit afterwards." Ben nodded eagerly. "Okay! I'll go get a key from the front desk. Wait here." So saying, I turned, and left him standing there, waiting. I had him hooked; now the fun would begin!

Before I got even five feet from him, I started psychically "uploading" erotic thoughts into his mind. As he watched me go, images bloomed intensely in his mind's eye, flashes of me in various poses, partially naked, or stripping down to full nudity but coyly hiding my naughty bits. He was mentally smacking himself for thinking such things, but I did not let up, taking erotic pot shots at him the whole way to the front desk and back. In that time, he had retreated a few steps into the shelves, grabbed a random book, and was trying to cover himself as he felt his cock grow erect.

Part of him wanted to run the bathroom to quickly take care of this embarrassment, but another part didn't want to risk missing me when I came back. I reinforced the latter notion. I took my time returning to make sure his head was nicely loaded with a whole stack of high-definition images of me to enjoy. By the time I got back, he was no longer resisting the imagery, and was a bit lost in his head. I tapped him on the shoulder, and he jerked out of his haze.

"Hey, I got the key," I said. "Sorry to make you wait."

"Uh, n-no problem," he said, a little huskily. I led him to one of the rooms, a small space with a table and four chairs. The small window looking into the room was blocked by a little poster of some sort, so between that, the locked door, and another psychic broadcast that anyone passing the room should mind their own business, the place was quite secure. We both sat down, and I set a book in front of me, leaning forward to read it and giving Ben another view of my cleavage. Having taken a seat directly in front of me, Ben was immediately entranced by this view. Sensing his attentions, I smirked, and decided to step things up a bit. I found the part of his mind where his libido pulsed warmly. I imagined the libido to be a dial of sorts, and with that in mind, I took hold of it, and slowly turned it up. I heard Ben give a small gasp as his arousal suddenly began to rise quicker than normal.

Without even realizing it, he tried to touch himself right then, his hand sliding forward to press against his erection. However, I caught him in time, and I made him pull his hand away, psychically controlling his arm. I didn't want this ending before we even got started, after all. As I half-heartedly read through my text book, pretending to be fully engrossed, I slipped into his mind further, looking for certain nodes and notions. If I wanted this to go to my satisfaction, I was going to have to take a few precautions.

I located several key functions in his mind, and pictured before me a series of switches. My psychic "fingers" brushed over these switches, inspecting which ones did what, until I found the three I was looking for: "Masturbation", "Sex: Initiate", and "Orgasm" all currently in the "on" position. I paused before I flipped them. Briefly, I realized how ambitious this was. I had never before attempted so fine tune a control. But I was determined to make this work, and I wasn't going to let myself get squeamish now. I flipped each "switch" to the "off" position. Now, no matter how much he wanted to, he could not masturbate. It was no physically impossible for him to pleasure himself. He also could no longer initiate sex, which would prevent him from just pouncing on me. Finally, would not be able to achieve orgasm, no matter how aroused he was and no matter how long or intense the stimulation he felt.

He must have instinctively felt these changes, even if he did not understand what they were at the time, for he let out a little noise, halfway between a gasp and a short whimper, each time I flipped a switch. I felt a sting of pity, but I was too excited myself now. I couldn't stop myself. I went back to his libido dial, and I turned it up a little bit more, and punctuated this with a fresh gallery of erotic images, now accompanied by the sounds of women gasping and moaning in pleasure rippling across his psyche.

He was almost shaking by this point, and his breath was heavy. He was burning with desire, and he found himself unable to do anything about it. He was so lost in his haze, he couldn't even think of anything to say. I decided, after letting him spin his wheels for a bit, to break the ice.

"Enjoying the show?" I said. I indicated my chest, but did not look up at him.

"I, uh, I..."

"It's okay, you can look," I said. "Still, I never knew you were so interested in me."

"I've always been interested..." His voice was thick with lust now. "You're so pretty, so... so sexy..."

"So why did you never say anything?" I said. I finally looked up at him. His eyes were half-lidded, still locked on my chest. I smiled slightly, and I turned the dial up a little bit more. His eyes widened again, and he squirmed in his seat. I put the notion in his head that he wasn't going anywhere anytime soon. I didn't want him trying to leap up and run for it before he burst. Not that he could burst now.

"I, uh... I was t-too shy... th-thought you wouldn't be... interested..."

I turned up the dial a little more. "That's a real shame," I said. "I can't help but think of all the fun we could have already had together." I made sure he thought of it too, beaming a full on movie of us fucking and going down on each other right into his head. He let out a quaking groan. "So, now that that's out in the open, would you like to have some fun with me, finally?"

"Oh, god, yes!" he was breathing almost raggedly now, gasping out each word.

"Well, I'll have to think about it," I said coyly, and again turned the dial a little higher. "Let me finish my homework first." His eyes bugged out cartoonishly.

"Come on," he choked out. "You can do it later."

I let out a mock sigh. "Oh, sure, now that the Kat's out of the bag, so to speak, I'm supposed to just drop everything and immediately service you. I think if you made me wait half a semester, you can wait another hour or so."

I couldn't quite hold back the grin as I saw his almost pained expression of pure lust, but he didn't really notice. His eyes were still locked onto my chest. "Please!" he gasped.

I couldn't help but chuckle. "You're lucky you're so cute. Take your cock out." He did so, my masturbation inhibition not preventing him from at least revealing himself. I kicked my shoes off and slid my feet into his lap. Even through my socks, I was surprised at how hot his penis felt, and how intensely it throbbed. For a brief moment, I considered having some mercy, and dialing back the intensity of my psychic teasing. But just as quickly, this notion was snuffed by a desire to take it further. I turned the dial of his libido once again, a bigger turn than before, and not so slowly this time. I squeezed his cock between my feet, and he let out a shout that made me jump. His hips bucked sharply. I realized, as aroused as he was, that my simple squeeze would have made him cum right then, if I hadn't turned off his orgasm.

I reinforced the psychic broadcast around the room to make sure no one investigated what was going on inside. Then, I went back to my homework, barely able to focus on it, as I slowly squeezed and stroked his raging hard cock with my feet.

An hour later, I couldn't take it anymore. Ben was beyond forming words at this point, nearly drooling, lost in a world of lust. I withdrew my feet, the socks now soaked with pre-cum. However, the sensations of my feet caressing him didn't stop as I implanted the psychic impression that I was still stroking him. I slipped into his mind and seized his motor functions, making him stand and tuck his cock into his pants, while I put my shoes back on. I wanted to feel him inside me right that instant, but I wasn't about to fuck him in the library.

The walk back to my dorm was about twenty minutes at a brisk pace. We were hindered by the fact that I was making sure no one paid attention to us, at the same time trying to keep Ben upright and walking despite never letting the sensations on his cock cease. My own hips twitched reflexively, my shorts soaked, as lust boiled inside my sex to the point it took all my self-discipline to not just tackle him and fuck him blind right there on the sidewalk.

We stumbled into my dorm room, and without wasting time verbalizing, I made Ben strip naked and get on the bed. Practically ripping my own clothes off, I pounced on him, and in one smooth motion, took him inside me.

Oh, sweet Lord, his cock was so hard, so hot. He filled me completely, nearly burning me from the inside. I screamed as I felt an orgasm rip through me as soon as he was fully within. I shook and shuddered, falling onto his body, letting him clutch at me as I clutched at him. Even in mid-orgasm, my hips instinctively jerked on top of his, already working desperately for a second release. I shoved myself upwards and rode him hard and fast, waves of pleasure rippling through me as his cock rubbed me with a delicious friction, better than anything I had ever felt before. I tried to time my motions to match the bucking of his hips, but it was useless as raw instinct took me over, and all we could do was thrust against each other like crazed animals. I have no idea how I managed to stay on top as I shook violently enough to make my teeth rattle, snarling and screaming in ecstasy. I got so carried away that when my arms gave out, and I dropped down to lie on top of him, I bit him on the shoulder hard enough to draw a little blood. I came and came and came, one orgasm scarcely finishing before the next hit me like a freight train, each climax rocking me to the core.

I have no idea how long this went on. I could only imagine what it was like for Ben. Teased beyond belief, to feel such pleasure so for so long, yet be unable to release, only having the pressure build and build and build, without end. It had to be absolutely maddening. A few times, I tried glimpsing his mind as we fucked, but doing so only channeled pleasure into me so immense it nearly tripled the force of my orgasms.

Eventually, we must have simply passed out from sheer exhaustion. At least, I did. It was the better part of a day later when I finally came to. I was still lying on top of him, and I realized with a start that he was still inside me. I slowly lifted up, my body aching in protest. I felt like a rubber band that had been overstretched and snapped, stapled back together, and snapped again several times. Ben looked half dead. If it weren't for the pulse of his cock inside me, and the heat still coming off him, I would have thought he was. I slowly slid off, wincing as he slid out of my sore sex. I felt weak as a kitten as I collapsed onto the bed next to him, and curled up against his side.

I reached into his mind and saw that he was in dreamless sleep. I slowly coaxed his consciousness awake, carefully cradling him, and soothing away any lingering anguish that might remain. He slowly roused, and blinked at me.

"Oh, Kat," he gasped. I silenced him with a finger to his lips. Then I slid my hand down and grasped his still hard cock. He let out a sharp cry, and I could feel how much it hurt him, not so much from the physical soreness, but the sheer sexual tension and need for release. "Oh, please," tears welled up in his eyes, "Please!"

I whispered into his ear. "Let this be a lesson not to tease a girl with such amazing fantasies, but never follow through." I lowered myself down, wincing again. I slipped his penis head into my mouth and flipped the orgasm switch to "on."

He came instantly, so hard, I nearly choked. Thrashing and writhing as much as his sore body would allow, hoarsely crying out, his cock launched rope after rope of thick cum into my mouth, so hard and fast, I could barely keep from spilling. But I managed to swallow every drop, and as he came, I slid my tongue around and around his penishead.

I didn't stop once his first orgasm subsided, and my attentions quickly turned from pure pleasure to pleasurable torture, his now overly sensitive organ unable to take any more. He tried to push me off, but he was too weak and I just kept sucking. I reached into his mind, and fingered the trigger to his orgasm, spurring him to cum again, and then once more. Each climax was as hard and intense as the last, and after three, I was satisfied that he had given as much as he could give in one go. I finally released him, letting him lay in a boneless sprawl, shivering and heaving.

He must have not actually gotten much rest while I had slept, still being inside me and all, because he immediately fell into a deep slumber. Still too sore to do much else myself, I snuggled back up against him, kissed him on the cheek, and got comfortable. He would be out a while, and after I was good to walk again, I would seize control of his body and walk him back to his room. When he woke up, he'd have only his post-sex aches to prove any of this had happened at all.


I smiled a bit, and, feeling mean, I reach inside him, and clicked the orgasm switch back to off, leaving the other two switches off as well. I was definitely going to do this with him again. Next time, however, I would wait for him to approach me. I wondered how many days it would take.

***

It was nearly a week later, and I was starting to think I had gone too far in playing the role of the cruel dominant. I'd been so caught up in my own excitement and pleasure, both from trying out my fantasy for the first time, as well as finding someone who I thought would be a perfect match for fulfilling them, that I'd let myself forget that as intense as Ben's own fantasies were, getting tortured like that was not quite so fun in real life.

Still, I didn't exactly sense fear coming from him the next time I saw him in class, more just abject disbelief that that night had happened. Of course, seeing me again set him off in a stream of arousing memories. I didn't have to help him along this time; apparently I'd left such an impression, I was practically all he could think about since that day. Unfortunately for him, no amount of reliving the night's festivities would flip back the switches I'd turned off in his head. Unable to masturbate or initiate sex, and unable to orgasm even if he could, he could only lay in bed each night, tossing in turning with a hard on that wouldn't quit as he dreamed about what I had done to him.

Perhaps he was waiting for me to make the first move; perhaps he wanted to make the first move, but had no idea how to break the ice. I almost caved in and approached him first, but I stuck to my decision, and waited him out. I figured eventually his needs, and his inability to take care of them by himself, would push him to approach me. Hell, if anything, the sheer suspense of not knowing when I might next do something to him was driving him crazy just as much as his growing blue balls.

Finally, about ten days later, he couldn't take it any more, and worked up the nerve to approach me. Just before the start of class, he came right up to me and said, "Kat, can we talk? After class, I mean?" He looked nervous as hell, but still not really scared, which I found encouraging.

I fixed him with a warm, inviting smile, hoping it might ease some of his apprehension. "Yes, I think I would like that." He let out a small sigh of relief, and we went in. Class was almost unbearably slow, but I forced myself to concentrate on the lesson to pass the time anyway. Ben, I sensed, had no such luck, every moment dragging on as he tried to think of what to say to me. I decided I would let him surprise me, and I quit reading his mind.

Finally, class was over, and Ben met me right outside the door. "So, um, I think you know what I want to talk about. Can we go some place more private?"

"Back to my place?" I said with a wink.

He swallowed hard. "Um ..." He shifted his backpack in front of him, hiding his sudden erection. "I guess, if that's what you'd prefer."

"Come on, then," I said. I started walking out the building, and back towards my dorm. Ben followed right behind, and then walked beside me once he'd gotten his erection under control.

"So, um, well, I've been thinking about you."

"Not surprising," I said. "How's that working out for you?"

"Look, I think I've figured out what you are," he said. "I did a little research, and, well, all I can go on is my experiences, but..." He took a breath. "You're an Esper, aren't you? A psychic?"

"Guilty as charged," I said with a smile.

Ben frowned, however. "Well then, you should know I don't appreciate getting raped, physically or mentally."

I stopped short. I hadn't actually expected him to say that. He was right though. Even if it was his fetish, at no point did I ever actually get his consent to do the things I did. I frowned and took a moment to glance around. We were outside now, next to a set of benches along the sidewalk, walled in slightly by some bushes on either side. Not exactly the most private spot, but my powers would keep anyone from paying too much attention to us. I went over and sat down on a bench, inviting Ben to sit next to me. He did so hesitantly.

"Alright," I said. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that to you, and well, nothing really excuses that. But I would also like to point out that I've spent the whole semester with you boring a hole in the back of my head with your lustful gaze. Eventually, I just couldn't take it any more, and decided I would give you a little kick in the pants to stop being a pussy and just ask me out. Then I ended up getting a good, hard look of your fantasies about me, and, well—"

Ben flushed. "Oh, god, I was afraid of that."

I reached over and pat him on the shoulder. "Don't worry. I loved your fantasies. In fact, after I first saw them, it took everything I had not to just masturbate right there in class."

Ben looked at me with surprise, and seemed unsure how to respond to that.

"Look," I continued, "I got a little carried away, okay? Believe it or not, what I did to you was something I'd fantasized about doing to a guy for a long time, actually. But, well, you can imagine how that would probably terrify and traumatize anyone else. It's no excuse, but, given the nature of your fantasies, I thought you could take it, and even enjoy it just as much as me. Since it was clear you weren't going to take the initiative, I decided to start things myself. And, like I said, I got carried away. I guess I just got too caught up in the idea, and didn't think the consequences through."

Ben churned this over in his head and eventually nodded. "Okay, I guess."

"Okay? Really?"

"Well, I mean... Well. I don't know. I don't even know what to think about this. You're, well, what you did to me was exactly what I always fantasized about. I mean, in a way, it was everything I wanted." He swallowed. "I just never imagined anything like that was actually possible. And to have it actually happen to me was pretty scary, even if thinking about it gets me hotter than anything else."

"I'm really sorry. I really should have just asked you up front, started off with something easier on your system."

Ben smiled slightly. "Well, if you had, I suppose the mood wouldn't have been as authentic."

I inwardly sighed with relief. He was actually taking this much better than I'd feared. "Okay. So, are we cool?"

He nodded again after a long pause. "Yeah, we're cool."

We sat in silence for a few more moments. "So," I said. "Is there anything else?"

"Uh, well, now that you mention it," he said. "You did something to me, didn't you? I can't seem to, um, masturbate." He said the last word a bit shyly, and looked away.

I smirked. "Yes, that was me. Sorry, I was feeling a bit mean."

"Well, can you, uh, can you put me back to normal?"

I pretended to think for a moment. "I dunno," I said.

"Oh, come on," he said. "Look, I forgive you, okay, but you could at least fix what you did!"

I gave him a studious look. "Yeah, okay, I could. But let me ask you first, is that all you want from me?"

He gave me a confused look.

"Look, we both just admitted how much we enjoyed what happened," I said. "And you know the things I can do to you now. Are you really sure that all you want me to do is undo my little mind locks?"

Ben opened his mouth, then shut it. I could tell he wanted to ask me, but I wasn't going to push him. I stood up. "Well, you think about it, and when you make a decision, you come find me. If you can remember where I live." I started walking away.

He jumped up. "Wait, come on, don't just leave me like this!" I sighed, feigning exasperation.

"Fine then. Ask me what you really want to ask me." I crossed my arms.

It took him a minute. "Kat, I, uh..." he swallowed. "I would love to do what we did again." He flushed and fidgeted, but I waited patiently. He took another breath and composed himself. "In fact, I... I think need to do it again. You've got me going crazy for you."

"Need to, huh?" I said. I stepped closer to him. "How bad?"

"Real bad."

I stepped into him, and hugged him, pressing myself fully against his body. His erection was back in full force, and I pressed my abdomen against him. He let out a small sigh; he was so desperate to be touched, even this little pressure soothed his ache, if barely. "Yes, it certainly feels that way." I pressed myself more firmly against him, and I felt his hips twitch instinctively. I kissed him, tenderly at first, then darted my tongue between his lips and explored his mouth. His arms wrapped around me, and he held me tightly, grinding himself against me. I ground back. I broke the kiss, and he gasped loudly. I kept my hips moving against him. "So, what you're saying is, you want me too, what exactly?"

"F-f-fuck me," he gasped.

"Just a fuck?"

"Fuck me, suck me, use your, god, your powers on me. Make me cum with your powers." He leaned in for another kiss.

However, before our lips could connect, I pulled right out of his grasp, leaving his lips, and his crotch, to move uselessly against air. "Nah," I said, and turned to leave.

Ben looked at me with a mix of hurt and anger. "Wh-what? Are you fucking joking?!"

I burst out laughing. "Yes, you dumb, horny bastard. Come on, let's go to my place." I nearly laughed again to see the look of total relief that washed over him, but instead just held out my hand. I reached out with my mind, and touched the dial of his libido again. I turned up a little higher. "Just so you know, I'll be a little gentler this time, but I still won't go easy on you." Ben just nodded, already bracing himself for what lay ahead. I kept tapping the dial up bit by little bit as we walked. By the time we reached my room, his penis was nearly tingling with anticipation, so hard he could barely walk straight.

As soon as we were in the room, I pulled him to me and kissed him passionately, pushing him against the wall and grinding my hips against him. He could barely catch his breath, so caught up in his lust and unprepared for my attack. When I finally pulled back, he gasped out my name in desperation.

I had no real plan, just going with whatever came to me at the moment. First, I stripped him down. With every article of clothing he lost, I tweaked the dial up more and more. By the time his penis sprung free from his boxers, all too eager to reunite with me, pre-cum was seeping from the tip. Ben reached to grab me.

"Ah, ah," I said. "On the bed. No trying to touch me and no leaving the bed until I say." I reinforced these orders with a bit of psychic suggestion.

Ben complied dutifully, his penis twitching away, its foolhardy enthusiasm both endearing and amusing. Staying dressed, I set up a chair beside the bed and smiled at him. I reached out and touched his thigh, slowly tracing my fingers up. Ben let out a shaky breath, then jerked as my hand cupped his testicles. I rolled them in my palm gently, and he let out a low moan. I kept this up for a few minutes, during which time he became lost in a world of soft pleasure. I decided to give more of an impression, and I reached into his mind again. This time, I located the part that controlled his pleasure receptors. I crossed a few wires here and there, and bypassed a few connections; within moments, I set it up so that any pleasurable sensation he felt was magnified nearly tenfold.

The effect was immediate. The simple rolling of his balls in my hand sent little explosions of pleasure, like sexual fireworks, erupting in his groin. He let out a yell, and squirmed, but he could not move to stop me, and he could not pull away. "Oh, fuck," he cried. I continued my caresses, and turned up the dial some more. "Oh, shit, Kat, fuck me, fuck me already!"

"Oh, but I am," I said with a sly grin. "I'm using my powers to fuck with you, just like you wanted."

"That's not -- oh! -- not what I meant!"

"Oh, well, too bad, cuz it's what I want. And I'm the one with the powers here."

He looked at me with wide eyes. "Please, just touch me," he said. "Touch my cock, please." I slid my hand up until my fingertips were just brushing against the base of his penis. Then I pulled my hand away. Before he could protest more, I kissed him passionately again, cranking up the dial. He began shaking with need. I could sense that if it weren't for my psychically enforced orders to stay in place, he would probably tackle me to the floor, rip my clothes off and fuck both our brains out right there. But I wasn't ready for that yet.

I stood and slowly stripped my clothes off, making his jaw drop with the sight of my body. Then I slid into bed next to him. The touch of my bare skin against his made him shiver, but he jumped with a near yelp as I reached down and settled one fingertip oh-so-gently on the sweet spot of his penis, just below the head. Immediately, his hips began to buck against my finger, but I followed his movements, keeping him from getting any appreciable pressure or friction. Mentally, I forced him to stay more still, and only when he couldn't even buck his hips, did I lightly trace my finger from the tip of him to the base. Pleasure rippled through him intensely, and he let out a groan. I repeated this gesture, increasing the pressure of my finger ever so slightly each time. The pleasure grew with each stroke, his now overly sensitive organ blooming with sensual delight at my simple caress. He was squirming and groaning incessantly after a few minutes of this, before I nearly blew his mind by whispering into his ear, "Do you want me to suck it?"

His answer was a resounding "yes" that exploded in a series of gasps from his lips. I rose up to a kneeling position and scooted down between his legs. Leaning down, I stuck out my tongue and slid the warm, hot muscle along his length. I did it again, and a third time. He cried out savagely and shook violently, yearning more than anything to able to grab my head and force my mouth onto him. Deciding it was enough teasing, I took him into me and began to suck him. He threw his head back, mouth agape, clutching at the edges of the bed in a death grip.

I took my time, savoring every pulse of his cock as I slid it in and out of my mouth, wriggling my tongue against his sweet spots. He pleaded and begged for me to let him cum, but I allowed the block on his release to hold, greatly enjoying his suffering. I became so caught up in the moment, I worked his cock for nearly half an hour.

By the time I released him, he was whimpering pitifully, his face twisted in rapturous agony, his body jerking as much as my mental limiters would allow. I smiled and decided to give his poor organ a small rest. But that didn't mean I was done playing; sucking him like that and watching him suffer for me had me so hot, my juices were practically running down my thighs. I scooted up further, and straddled his chest, making him wet with my arousal. I could feel his heart hammering beneath me.

I waited for him to settle down from the lack of stimulation to his organ. I smiled as his eyes focused on me, then widened, taking in fully my nude form looming over him. His nostrils flared as he smelled the scent emanating from my dripping pussy, and his eyes zeroed in between my legs. He let out a soft, "oh..." He actually licked his lips, and for a moment, I was tempted to press his mouth to my sex and have him return the oral favor. But, no, that activity would distract him from his own need a little too much. I decided I would torment him even further.

"Hey," I said. "Remember how you used to be able to masturbate?" Barely paying attention, he nodded, but didn't look up. I reached down and slid my fingers over my sex, tracing the edges of my lips. I was even more riled up than I realized, as this mere touch made me tingle with pleasure. I let out a gasp.

"Oh, no," Ben gasps. He still couldn't take his eyes away, even as he pleaded with me. "Please no, you wouldn't."

I would indeed. I slid my fingers into myself with one hand, and worked my clit with the other. I didn't need to raise his libido any higher, but I did anyway. Ben was nearly in tears as I teased him with a full view of my own pleasure, masturbating just inches from his face. Watching his expression of helplessness, aching need, and awe, I could not last very long. I came hard, my fluids spilling over his chest, inflaming him further with my scent. I paused just long enough to make him lick my fingers clean, before touching myself again, and cumming just another minute later. Three more orgasms still, and Ben was moaning almost as loud as I was, desperate to reach me, to touch me, to force me upon his cock and give him the release he wanted so badly. But I would not be so accommodating.

After I calmed down enough, I stood, cleaned myself up a bit, and slid on a pair of pajama pants and a tank top, then went to my purse. Shaking his head to clear the haze, he said, voice shaky "Wh-what are you doing?!"

"Getting thirsty," I said. "Thought I'd go get a soda. You want something?"

"What do you think?!" he cried.

I laughed. "Oh, no, I'm afraid, tasty as it is, that sort of fluid isn't quite what I'm looking for right at the moment. Be right back!" Before he could protest, I was out the door, leaving him to ache for my touch all by his lonesome.

I took my time of course, using the bathroom to wash my hands, and slowly making my way to the soda machines down stairs. I was in no hurry, quite thoroughly buzzed from my orgasms. I even stopped to chat for a few minutes with a friend down the hall. I was only gone for maybe fifteen minutes, but for poor Ben, it may as well have been fifteen hours. When I came back, he let out an audible sigh of relief.

"I told you I was coming back," I said, with a laugh. I offered him a soda, to which he shook his head. Shrugging, I set it to the side, and opened mine, then sat on the chair next to the bed again. I slipped my still bare feet onto the bed, letting them rest on Ben's thighs.

"Oh, fuck," he gasped. Whatever amount of self-control he'd managed to reclaim in my absence was immediately dashed away as my feet came within barely an inch of his still throbbing cock. I moved my foot, and stretched out one toe to trace along his length, just as gently as I had done with my finger. He shook and groaned. "Oh, god, please..."

"Shush," I said. Still enjoying his suffering, but not in the mood to do anything more for myself, I decided to click on the TV, which was set up just at the end of the bed. I idly flipped through channels and sipped my soda as I continued to stroke him with my toes. I found a movie, some dumb comedy already about halfway over, playing on the university's movie channel. Deciding nothing else was on, I settled in to watch.

Ben spent the next hour or so utterly lost in a haze of pleasure. I switched feet back and forth, but maintained only my light caress. Only half paying attention to what was on screen, I nonetheless waited until the credits rolled before I finally returned my attention fully to Ben. He was laying there, mouth agape, eyes rolled up, body twitching and jerking instinctively. Between his hyper-charged arousal and the continuous teasing of his super sensitized penis, Ben was a complete wreck.

I lay back down next to him, cuddling him and kissing him on the cheek. He opened his mouth to say something, but I let my finger trace along his penis again, and any protests he may have had were dissolved into whimpering gasps. I leaned to his ear, and whispered, letting my breath tickle him. "You should understand something. You are now my toy. My plaything." I grasped his penis fully, causing him to yell out. "This is not yours anymore. It's mine. I can do whatever I want to it, with it, anything, whenever I want, and you have no power or even any right to stop me. This is my penis now. Understand?"

He managed to form words long enough to shout, "Yes, yes, it's yours, it's yours!"

"Good," I breathed. "And now... I want to see my penis cum." I reached inside his mind and, pausing just one more moment for dramatic effect, I flipped the orgasm switch back on. Last time, I was unprepared for the force of his orgasm, but since it had been contained in my mouth, I had not had a real appreciation for just how strong it was. This time, even though I thought I was prepared, I was nonetheless quite awed as the semen shot from his dick so hard, he hit the wall behind the bed. The next few shots went equally as far, while the rest splattered him from face to stomach. Several such shots partially got on me as well, but I did not complain, almost entranced as I was at the sight of such a forceful orgasm. I stroked him steadily throughout, milking every drop I could from him. I let him black out towards the end, deciding a bit of mercy was well earned.

When he was finally done, I went back into his head, and flipped the orgasm switch off, but undid the pleasure tampering, so that his penis returned to normal sensitivity again. I also undid the psychic bonds keeping him from moving. After less than a minute, he groaned awake, coming to his senses. He turned and gave me a look of absolute worship. I almost blushed at such attention; instead I settled for kissing him again. He kissed me back as fiercely as he could, but he was weak from the intensity of his climax.

When he could speak again, he nearly babbled. "Thank you, oh, thank you Kat. I don't even know what to say, that was, good God, that was unbelievable."

"Don't you mean Goddess?" I teased. We both laughed a bit. "Well, thank you for agreeing to let me play with you again. I look forward to more sessions like this."

Ben hesitantly said, "So, ah, what sort of situation are we talking here? Are you going to undo your little block on me now?"

I pretended to give it some thought, but I already knew the answer. "Nah."

His face fell. "Kat, come on. Seriously?"

"Yes," I said. "You want to be my lover, then this," I gave his now semi-hard penis a squeeze, "is mine. I don't want you playing with it all willy-nilly whenever you want."

"I, well, do I get your pussy in return or something?"

I laughed at that. "Of course not!"

"That isn't fair!"

I shrugged. "It's not my fault you don't have powers." I lightly fiddled with my new play toy, feeling its well satisfied softness. Before Ben could protest again, I kissed him. "But tell you what, if you're really going crazy, just give me a call, and I'll do something about it for you. After all, I'll be expecting you to take good care of my new toy, and I should show my appreciation."

Ben seemed satisfied with this. "And what good is a toy if you don't play with it, right?" he said. We chuckled, and he let out a long breath. "I don't think I could handle anymore today, though. I think you've destroyed me for all other women."

"Oh, please," I said with a laugh. "You haven't even seen me in full bitch mode yet."

END



Kat's Boytoy: Summer Visit
bySalamando_Flames©

Note: This story is set in the world of Civero, and is a sequel to Kat's First Boytoy.

ONE

The semester was over, and Ben and I were enjoying the last few days of Finals Week. We'd been studying so much, sex hadn't really been on either of our minds for the past couple weeks, but we were one of the lucky ones who got all their tests out of the way early. The last thing we had to do was the finishing touches of a collaborative writing project for our Creative Writing class, and we'd pretty much finished it already. So, we were now having fun being frisky for a few days before we had to part ways for summer. As we lay in bed, cuddling and kissing, Ben finally asked the question I'd been anticipating.

"So, how's this going to work?" he said. "Summer, I mean. Are you going to let me play with my cock again?"

"Whose cock?" I teased, teasing a fingertip down his chest.

He grinned sheepishly. "Sorry, your cock. Are you going to let me play with it?"

I tapped my chin, pretending to think it over, even though I already had it planned. Ever since we had first hooked up as lovers the previous semester, I had used my psychic powers to enforce several restrictions onto him. He could not masturbate, initiate sex, or even have an orgasm, unless I reached into his head, and flipped those options back "on" in his mind. He literally could not physically move his hand to touch his cock if he intended to pleasure himself, nor could he even hump against something. It had been a fun way of exercising my control over him, but I'd never let him go longer than a week without making him spurt. It certainly fueled our kinky relationship, and inspired some pretty intense sex, though I still considered our first encounter to be the best.

"I don't think so," I said, smiling slyly. "If I let you play with him, you'd spoil him way too much." I reached down and gently pet his cock like it was a puppy. He very quickly grew erect at my words, and I heard his heartbeat increase.

"Come on," he said. "You wouldn't really, would you? Make me wait all summer? That's three whole months!"

"Yes, and just think, how horny will you be after three months?" I grinned. "I mean, how awesome of a fuck would that be? And just think how much you'll shoot!"

"Kat!" he said, half-grinning. "Seriously..." He was never sure how serious I was about such things, which is just the way I liked it. He didn't really think I'd do that to him, but some part of him just couldn't be sure, and that both made him nervous and riled him up at the same time. I loved it!

I grasped his cock and started stroking it, gently. "Well, you could always call me, of course, and see if I'm feeling generous. But, I dunno, it's not the same if I can't see you in person."

"You could watch with your powers," he said softly, watching my hand on his cock.

"Ho-hum," I said. "Still not as fun."

He looked back up at me and nervously said, "Well... um... you could always, I dunno... come visit me...? I think it's only two hundred miles between our towns..."

I smiled and stroked him a little faster. "Getting better," I said. "But, I hate to say, I don't have a car yet, and I'm pretty sure my folks wouldn't let me take theirs. So, if you want to get off at all this summer, you'll just have to visit me."

I increased my speed again, and this time, began feeding a little extra sensation, psychically inducing tingles of pleasure to play along his cock. He closed his eyes, leaning his head back a bit. "Yeah... yeah, I can... I think I can swing that..." Suddenly, his brow furrowed. "Wait, you're an esper, though... doesn't that mean your parents are espers?" His eyes widened. "That means, they'll know what we're up to!"

I let go of his cock, and let my psychic "fingers" continue their work. He still felt like I was stroking him fully, despite not touching him. The tingles increased as well, and he began to breathe more heavily. "They're not actually psychic," I explained. "Oh, they have some psychic shielding or something like that. I can't read their minds or use my powers on them. I dunno, I guess they're basically espers who just didn't have enough oomph in their genes to fully manifest powers, but they still have mental defenses or something. I dunno how it works." I increased the sensations again, and Ben's hands clutched at the bedsheets. I sat up, sitting crosslegged, and watched him squirm under my psychic ministrations with a smile on my face.

"Anyway," I continued, "The one you'd have to watch out for is my brother."

Ben's eyes fluttered open. "W-wait," he said, breathlessly. "You have a brother? You never mentioned that."

"Yeah," I said. "Bobby. He's an Esper as well, just as powerful as me." I shrugged. "Don't worry though, he's going to be out of the country for most of the summer with some friends, so we won't have to worry about him catching us."

"O-okay," said Ben. "G-good." He was close to gasping now. "Oh, Kat, can I cum? Please, can I cum?" I watched as his sexual excitement peaked, and his climax started to rise within him. But then, my psychic barrier kicked in, and though his hips bucked and he let out a loud moan, he failed to orgasm. "Kat, please!" he gasped.

I leaned down, placing my hands on his thighs to steady him. I kissed the tip of his penis, causing him to lurch, and the psychic hands shifted into a phantom mouth, blowing him with loving, wicked precision. He let out a cry and his knuckles went white as he clutched to edges of the bed. "Silly boy," I said. "I just let you pop a couple days ago."

"But, but, I dunno how soon I'll... I'll be able to come see you!"

"Well, then I guess, for added incentive, I should make sure you have plenty of motivation for the trip!" I crawled over on top of him as I felt myself get very wet, thinking of sending him back home with a set of full, tight balls. "But, I suppose you're right, it could be a while. So I'd better make use of my cock while I can." I slid his throbbing penis inside me before he could brace himself, and the sensation took his breath away. He reached up and clutched me tightly as I shuddered, feeling his pulsing need filling me. I held his head to my breasts, encouraging him to lick and kiss them as I slid slowly up and down his cock. I increased the sensations of the psychic mouth, even as I fucked him.

It was three hours and twenty orgasms later before I finally exhausted myself on him. Feeling utterly satisfied, but still very deliciously mean, I let the psychic mouth continue coaxing him to an orgasm he couldn't reach until long into the night.

TWO

As things panned out, my parents decided they were going on a vacation as well, for two whole weeks, at the end of the month. Ben managed to get some time off from his summer job to spend a whole five days with me. Unfortunately for him, it would take him three weeks before he could get here. True to my word, I didn't let him cum that whole time, but the more I thought about how much fun I could have with just the two of us in the house, the more wicked I got. Thrice a week, as we talked on the phone, I would give him a psychic blowjob or handjob, and even once a psychic fuck, teasing his cock mercilessly. By the time he was finally able to make the trip, the poor guy was almost constantly hard as a rock, and he all but sped the whole two hundred miles to meet me.

I'd spent the morning tidying the place up as I awaited his arrival, ideas whizzing through my head of what I could do to him. My parents' house was a large two-story with a finished basement, with fairly big rooms, and lots of comfy furniture and shag carpet. I would probably have to be careful where we fucked so as to not leave stains, but I could also see some good possibilities for kinky positions. Then, as I checked the place over one more time, an idea spontaneously came to mind.

When Ben pulled into my driveway, I sent a telepathic message to him. "The front door is open. As soon as you come inside, you must strip naked. Then, you have to come find me.," I then sent a series of psychic strokes along his cock, causing him to shiver. Just sensing how hard he was made me instantly wet, and I was tempted to run down and yank him through the door and take him right there.

Somehow, I managed to restrain myself. Ben, however, ran for the door, and threw it open, almost slamming it closed again as he tore his clothes off. For every article of clothing he lost, I increased the sensations in his cock, until he could barely stand. He was gasping and moaning already, cock dripping precum as he stumbled through the house. His first inclination was to come upstairs and check the bedrooms. I was not in any of them. I telepathically giggled at him, as he grew more frustrated and desperate, seeking me out. As he came downstairs, I increased the sensations more, beaming raw pleasure straight into his genitals. He fell to his hands and knees, gasping.

"Come on, lover," I teased. "What's taking you so long? Bring me my cock at once!,"

He could barely draw breath to respond, but his thoughts were a chaotic whirl of need and desperation. His cock was so hard, I could practically feel it pulsing as I watched his body crawl around upstairs. Still, he could not find me, and I kept increasing the sensations, slowly but steadily. He was nearly crying when he finally found the door to the basement. I used my powers to steady his motor functions long enough that he wouldn't fall down the stairs and break his neck, but as soon as he reached the bottom, I sent him back on his knees with a searing bolt of pleasure through his loins. He cried out and shook violently as his body tried to cum, but my psychic block still held his release in check. Then he looked up and saw me.

I was sitting on a futon, naked, slowly rubbing my wet pussy. I was half-addled by lust at this point as well, and I beckoned him forward. Ben immediately crawled to me, jerking and shaking and gasping the whole way.

"K-k-kat," he gasped, barely able to form words. "Please... please g-god!"

"Soon," I said in a hushed, sultry tone as I cupped his face in my hands. "But there's one more thing you need to do for me." Before he could ask what, I pulled him close and thrust my hips forward, burying his face between my legs. I closed my legs around his head and ran my fingers through his hair, trapping him in place. "Lick me, Ben. Make me cum with your mouth."

I let out a sharp cry as his tongue immediately drove itself inside me. His arms came up and clutched at my legs, holding us both steady as he eat me out with such gusto, I found myself almost immediately shaking. With my own lusts boiling and sensing Ben's own desperate state, I was quickly overwhelmed with sensation as he alternated between roughly sucked and licking my clit, and then driving his tongue as deep as he could in long, passionate thrusts. My legs shifted up, and I hooked my calves around his back, digging my heels into him. Soon, I was shaking and screaming in pleasure as my first orgasm hit me faster than I had anticipated.

Not to be outdone, I reached into Ben and nearly tripled the sensations he was feeling. Ben all but screamed between my legs and he thrashed beneath me, hips jerking mightily as his overheated cock tried desperately to cum. But all he could do was ride the soul-crushing edge until he went mad, even as I came again and again and again against his face, multiple orgasms bleeding together into one super long climax. I hadn't had a climax this intense since our first night together.

And then, finally, I couldn't take anymore, and I fell back, body exhausted, releasing Ben from my hold. I managed to scoot back fully onto the mattress, and brought my legs up, spreading them for him. Blind with rapture, Ben literally pounced on me like a tiger, driving his cock into me like a jackhammer. I found myself clutching him tightly, being shaken like a ragdoll in his desperation to fuck me to make me grant him release. My pussy, already sore from my massive string of climaxes, helplessly clenched around his throbbing cock, and I was helplessly climaxing again. In his desire, he growled my name in my ear and begged me in partial words to let him cum. I clutched him even tighter to myself and bit his shoulder as his passion overwhelmed me.

Then I reached inside and finally, finally released the block. Ben's body froze for a moment, then began to shiver. The shivering soon became a quaking as his every muscle clenched, and then I felt his seed shoot into me so hard, I yelped in surprise. His hips kicked into overdrive again, bucking jerkily as he rode out his climax. He didn't stop after his first either, one cum not being nearly enough. He kept thrusting until he released at least twice more, experiencing a multiple orgasm of his own. I ended up cumming once more myself somewhere in there. And then, our climaxes finally started to subside, and we both blacked out as exhaustion hit us like a freight train.

We woke up about three hours later, both of us feeling like we'd been through a threshing machine. "Holy fuck," I said, still breathless, but grinning. "I think I'm turning into a monster." Ben just moaned and snuggled against me. I caressed his cheek. "You okay?"

"That was..." he smiled weakly, looking at me with awe. "I have no words."

I smirked. "Really? None at all?"

"Um... please don't ever make me wait that long again?" he said. "Seriously, you were killing me."

I laughed. "Are you kidding? I'm gunna ring so much cum out of you in the next five days, you won't need to orgasm for the whole rest of the summer!"

END



Kat's Boytoy: The Party
bySalamando_Flames©

ONE

Ben was running down a corridor, through an empty house that seemed to just keep going. No matter how many doors he opened, or how many hallways he found, he could not seem to find any exit. I smiled and laughed as he ran around in circles, while I followed behind, a ghostly figure always just at his heels. He'd given me a merry chase, but his efforts were futile. This was a castle of my own creation, and no man could escape its twisting confines if I did not desire it. I chased him until he could run no more, and he finally collapsed onto his hands and knees, gasping.

I smiled and walked around to the front of him. He looked up and swallowed hard as he beheld my completely nude form. My body was too much for his mortal senses to bear and he shivered as lust rose quickly within him. Within seconds, he was utterly entranced, helpless as I leaned down and cupped his face in my hands.

"Poor little boy, no escape for you," I said. I smiled wickedly at him. "You're all mine now. Once my spell is complete, you will belong to me, body and soul."

"N-n-no!" he whispered, fighting me with every ounce of his will. "You won't... take me..."

I laughed and leaned forward, kissing him. He moaned in utter rapture, his body trembling, as my mere kiss filled his every nerve with pleasure. I pulled away, and he all but hung in my grasp, gasping for breath. I could see his cock straining to escape his pants. I laughed, and with a wave of my hand, his clothes vanished, leaving him as naked as myself.

"Fight me as much as you like," I said sweetly. "In the end, you will submit to me."

"I w-won't..." he said. "Y-you won't... b-beat me!"

I chuckled, and leaned close, whispering into his ear. He shuddered as my breath tickled him. "Well, then, I propose a little challenge. If I make you cum with just my kiss, you will be mine. But if you can resist, I suppose I might give you another chance to run."

Without waiting for a reply, I kissed him again, and he let out a loud moan. He brought his hands up to try and push me away. However, he could not bring himself to do so, and instead he clutched at me. He was shaking, hips bucking, as I continued to kiss him, overwhelming him with inhuman levels of pleasure. He tried to fight me, he really, did, but it was too much, too fast, and despite straining with every once of his will, his submission was inevitable...

***


With a tremendous yelp, Ben lurched awake just as he came, splattering his semen all over himself, a few shots even hitting his face. When his orgasm finally subsided, Ben raised his head, dazed, trying to get his bearings. He was lying on my bed in my new apartment; I was sitting in a chair next to the bed, watching him with a huge smile on my face.

"Good morning, lover," I said with a laugh. "Have a pleasant dream?"

"Holy fuck," he croaked. "What was that? Did you make me dream that?"

I nodded. "I've gotten pretty good at this dream control stuff. And since you ate me out so good last night, I thought I'd give you a treat this morning." He blushed and I laughed. I leaned down and licked the drops of semen off his face and gave him a deep kiss. He reached up and threaded his fingers through my dark hair, returning the kiss with gusto.

"That was incredible," he said, dreamily, when we finally parted.

"You always say that," I teased.

"Only cuz it's always true!"

"You have a point there." We laughed and kissed again. I reached over and handed him a hand towel to dry himself with.

He stood and stretched, looking at the clock. Eight in the morning. "Oh, shit," he said. "Good thing you woke me when you did."

"Not going to be late for class, are you?"

"No, I got an hour, but I keep forgetting it's a longer trip from your apartment," he said. "I hate to shoot and run, but—"

"Go on, then," I said with a smirk, giving him a swat on the butt.

I watched him get dressed, and when he was done, he gave me one more long kiss, before taking off for class. I watched him go, feeling warm and fuzzy inside. Four months had passed since I had taken on Ben as my submissive lover. As an Esper, I possessed psychic powers and had used them to seduce and play with Ben after I realized he not only had a submissive streak, but also a massive crush on me. My first attempt had been a little, well, overly aggressive; I psychically took control of him and dominated him without really giving him a chance to consent. But afterwards, we talked it over, and decided we really did want to continue our sexual relationship.

It was rather amazing, if I do say so myself. Ben let me try all sorts of freaky things on him, using my powers to enhance our sex life in ways non-psychics couldn't even imagine. Still, in all honesty, sex was more or less the only thing we got together for. We liked each other well enough, but we figured out early on a real romance wasn't really going to work. And yet, we were still exclusive with one another, at least with sex. When I thought of him sleeping with other women, it grated me; I knew the thought of me sleeping with other men likewise bothered him. It was strange like that; exclusive, yet not committed. Intimate, yet uninvolved. Aside from a first couple of awkward dates, we didn't even bother hanging out when we weren't fucking any more. And yet, when I was with him, I felt comfortable. I felt good. Maybe we didn't talk much, but then, funnily enough, there wasn't much that had to be said. We enjoyed one another sexually, and that was all we needed.

Still, sometimes I fancied what it might be like if we could work out something romantically. And then I'd scold myself for being silly. I didn't have time for romance; time spent being romantic was time we could spend fucking! I chuckled at the thought, and got up to do the day's work. I didn't have any classes today, but I did have some papers that needed to be done by next week and I was a little behind. As I settled in to type away, I suddenly heard a knock on my door. Instinctively, I extended my psychic senses to see who it was before I'd even stood up. I was rather surprised when I received a telepathic message as I did so.

<Hi!> came a chipper, female voice, telepathically "speaking" directly into my head. <My name is Jasmine. I'm an Esper, like you!>

Another Esper? Aside from my family I'd never even met another psychic before. <Uh, hi> I said hesitantly. <Hang on a second.> I stood and went to the door, peeping through the eyehole. A girl almost as tall as me, with curly brown hair smiled back at me, looking me right in the eye through the lens. I pulled open the door, and said, "Um, hi. I'm Kat."

She giggled. "Yes, I know."

"So, can I help you?"

"Well, not really, I just wanted to introduce myself. I think you and I are the only Espers in this whole town!"

"Yeah, you're the first I've run into."

"Well, what a coincidence we're neighbors then! I live a couple floors up."

"Really? For how long?"

"A couple months," she said. "I know you've only been here a couple weeks, yourself."

I cocked an eyebrow at her. "How'd you know that?"

She giggled. "Well, let's just say you and your boy toy put on quite a show."

I think I actually blushed a bit. "Um... w-wait, what?"

She giggled again. "You haven't exactly kept your thoughts under wraps when you two are going at it."

I suddenly realized what she meant. I'd never had a problem unintentionally broadcasting thoughts to others, even when lost in the throws of passion. However, an Esper could still pick up unguarded thoughts, and I'd never bothered creating a psychic screen when Ben and I were having our little sessions. Jasmine had no doubt caught a front row view of everything we'd been doing.

I blushed again, deeper this time. "Oh! Oh, my." I wasn't sure what to say. "I'm sorry?"

Jasmine smiled warmly at me. "There's nothing to apologize for," she said. "I rather liked what I saw."

"Um, let's talk about this inside." I let her in and she wrinkled her nose at the heavy scent of sex. Ben and I had been at it for quite a while last night. But never mind that now. "So, you were deliberately watching?" I said.

"If you make no effort to not be seen, I won't make an effort to not watch," she said with a shrug. I suppose I could not fault her logic there.

"Actually, your little sexcapades are the reason I'm here," she said.

"I'm sorry. I'll put up a screen to block the signals."

"No, no, not that," she said. "I've seen how kinky you two are, and, well, I think we're rather alike, you and I. I, too, have a pretty active sex life, and I also like to be the dominant one." She tapped her forehead. "I suppose it's natural, when you have this kind of power."

"I suppose," I said.

"So. I was wondering. Would you be interested in joining a little gathering that I have with some of the Mages in town?"

I blinked. "There's Mages in town?" Mages were people with magical powers, quite different from my own psychic abilities. I'd only known two before in my life, both from a family I used to live near years ago. We didn't exactly get along, and to be honest, they had always unnerved me. Mages could do things Espers couldn't even hope to accomplish with their powers.

"You bet!" she said with a laugh. "They're all cool. Man, you need to get out more; isn't it lonely being the only superhuman you know?"

I scowled a bit; to be honest, I'd never given it much thought. But, I suppose, it would be interesting to get to know some other "supers" outside my family. "Well," I said slowly, thinking it over. "I guess it'd be cool to meet up with some others. What kind of meeting is it?"

"Well, basically, it's a monthly party the Mages put together, and I got invited into. It's something of a dominant/submissive kink party. The mages and I bring in some normal people we are masters off, and we have, shall we say, a good, intimate time together."

I blinked at that. "Wait... so... you're inviting me to a sex party?" I looked at her a little incredulously. "Um, wow. That's, uh... Well, I'm flattered, I guess, but I don't even know you."

Jasmine frowned. "I guess that was too sudden. I apologize."

"Um, well, I just... I mean... I dunno. Ben and I are kinky, sure, but... I mean, we're not into the group scene thing."

"Well," said Jasmine, "you don't have to play with any of the others. I can let them know you're a couple, and you two can just watch for a night. Actually, that would probably be best, give you a chance to get to know the others a bit first, get a feel for the situation."

I thought it over, and Jasmine just watched me expectantly. "I'd have to talk with Ben first," I said.

"Of course, of course," said Jasmine. "If you want to just come by yourself, as well, that would be fine. If Ben does come along, he'll still have to participate in few ways."

"Like how?" I eyed her suspiciously.

"Oh, nothing major," she said, smiling reassuringly at my expression. "We just make our subs play nude waiter," said Jasmine. "We keep them naked and excited all night. But as for actually touching and teasing, we can leave Ben alone if you want him to yourself. Though if that's how it'll be, I'm afraid I'll have to insist the other boys will be off limits to you. Fair is fair."

"Hmmm... well, like I said, I need to talk to him. Even if he doesn't show."

"I understand," said Jasmine. "Sorry, I realize this is probably kind of creepy. I tend to be overly forward. Just, uh, consider this a sort of club invitation. I'm not trying to stalk you or anything." She grinned a little sheepishly. "Actually, uh, I feel kind of awkward being the only Esper there. So, it'd be nice to have another. Not that the Mages are bad or anything, just, you know. I feel like the black sheep."

It kind of was creepy, her just coming out and proposing this to me. Then again, was I any less creepy when I all but raped Ben when I first tried to seduce him? Maybe this was just how it was with Espers. Having psychic powers tended to make personal boundaries a little harder for us to acknowledge. And hell, speaking of Ben, our relationship started off pretty much just as abruptly. I decided I'd give her the benefit of the doubt for now.

"Consider me intrigued," I said. "On one condition: quit peeping on us."

"You got it!" said Jasmine, smiling brightly. "Hope to see you there. Hopefully, by the end, you two can loosen up enough to have a little extra fun." Jasmine winked.

"And if we don't?"

Jasmine shrugged. "If it's not for you, it's not for you. It's not like we'll hold a grudge." She grinned as she looked me over though. "I think you'll enjoy it once you see it, though. And Ben, well, I think he won't mind if you don't."

"Well, we'll see," I said. "Thanks for the invitation."

"Sure thing," said Jasmine. "You know where to find me when you decide."

"Sure," said Jasmine, turning to leave. "Oh, and one more thing," she said, when she reached the door. "I won't insist on it, but we usually don't let our boys cum for a while before the party. If you do decide to come along..." She grinned at me.

"I'm sure that won't be an issue," I said, with a smile.

TWO

Ben swallowed hard as he thought about it. The idea of being naked and hard, serving several beautiful, powerful women excited him even more than he thought it would. He grew very hard at the idea, but looked at me with hesitation. "I don't know," he said. "I mean... we're not... this isn't going to turn into seeing other people is it?"

"I don't know," I said, truthfully. I held his hand. "Whatever happens, I'm not going to toss you aside. You'll always be my number one boy."

He smiled and kissed my hand. "Well, I mean... we aren't committed, right?"

"Right," I said. "So this should be okay." Neither of us sounded completely convinced, however. I cleared my throat after an awkward silence. "Well, either way, the first session would just be observing. If we don't like it, we don't have to go back."

"Yeah," he said. "Yeah, I think I'd be okay giving it a shot."

I squeezed his hand affectionately. "Alright," I said. "I'll let Jasmine know." Then I smirked and reached down to caress his hard cock through his pants. "But remember. If we go along, we should follow her advice."

Ben looked at me ruefully. "Come on... ten whole days? That's longer than usual."

"That'll make it more fun!" I laughed. I leaned forward and kissed him deeply, withdrawing my hand. "Tell you what, I'll be nice and not edge you at all before hand. But that doesn't mean we won't have sex." He swallowed hard as I stood and slid down my own pants. He grinned as I did the same with my panties, removing them at a slower, teasing pace. I sat back down in my chair, legs spread; Ben eagerly kneeled before me and proceeded to go down on me.

***


True to my word, I didn't touch or tease his cock at all for the next ten days, and did not even let him masturbate. Having him give me oral every night, however, certainly affected him well enough. By day ten, the poor boy had a nice set of blue balls.

Finally, the day of the party came. It was set at the house of a Mage named Andrea. As we approached the house, I could feel the lust radiating from it before we even pulled into the driveway. I tried to make a quick mental scan to see what I could expect, but there was a psychic or mystical haze of some sort acting as a privacy screen, not letting me peek in. I'd just have to wait until I was inside.

I parked the car, and looked to Ben, who was already hard as a rock. I smiled and took his hand. "You ready?"

He smiled at me and nodded. "Yeah," he said. "This should be interesting." He leaned close, and I joined him in a deep kiss.

"Okay," I said. "Just remember, this'll probably be a lot rougher on you. If anything happens you don't like, if it gets to be too much, you let me know, and we'll leave. Okay?"

Ben kissed me again. "Yes, mother," he said.

I smiled. "Alright, then, son, come along." We went up to the house, both nervous, but excited. As we got closer to the house, I noticed I was also getting more aroused, just from the aura of excitement radiating from the house. Ben was as well; I realized the aura wasn't just from the excitement of the people inside. This was an actual, deliberate broadcasting of arousal intended to affect others. I couldn't tell if it was a psychic broadcast or a magic one; it might have been a bit of both. Ben, lacking any innate psychic or magical defense, seemed to be affected a lot stronger than I. I could practically hear his cock throbbing by the time we got to the door.

I rang the door bell and after a few moments, it swung open, revealing Jasmine in a set of sexy black lace lingerie. The brunette smiled brightly at us, and Ben's eyes went wide at the sight of her. I suddenly felt a little silly, having shown up in rather modest jeans and tee-shirt, and wondered if I'd be the only one. But then, I hadn't been planning to invite the other men at the party to scope me out, either. "Hi, Kat! So glad you could make it!" She gave me a hug, and then turned and winked at Ben. "Ready for a night you'll never forget?"

Ben swallowed nervously and nodded, trying not to look too intently at Jasmine's curves. "Yes, ma'am," he said. "Thank you for the invitation."

Jasmine chuckled, then went over and kissed him on the cheek. Ben flushed, and tried not to feel a little jealous. "As polite as he is cute! I can see why you want him all to yourself." She laughed, and waved us in.

Ben let out a small gasp as he stepped into the foyer, and I could sense his arousal spike up nearly three times in intensity. I almost flinched as I entered as well. The aura of lust had been strong coming up to the house, but in here, it was so thick, I could actually "see" an ethereal haze in the air with my psychic senses. I actually had to raise my mental defenses some to keep it from overwhelming me.

"Oh, yeah, sorry," said Jasmine, smiling a little sheepishly. "There's a few arousal spells and some psychic aphrodisiac fields flooding the house. It's mostly to tease the subs for the night, but also to keep everyone generally in the mood."

"Jeez," said Ben, looking a little dizzy. He reached over to me to steady himself. I could sense his blue balls were aching sharply, and his cock was actually so hard it was hurting a little. I looked to Jasmine, but she caught my concern before I voiced it.

"Sorry, here," said Jasmine. She touched Ben's shoulder and a moment later, Ben seemed to relax a bit. "We have it cranked up a little higher than normal, since we got more guests than usual. That should halve the effect for you. Better?"

"Y-yeah," said Ben. "I think I can handle this." I noticed his cock was still throbbing harder than it had been on the porch, but he seemed to be managing it for now. At least, the ache had subsided.

"Okay!" said Jasmine. "Now, then. You know the rules. Clothes off!"

Ben swallowed and blushed. I expected him to hesitate, but boldly, he went through with it. In fact, he stripped rather quickly. I realized various spells drenching him with lust probably made him desperate to be nude, if only to free his cock from the discomfort of his now too tight pants. Jasmine and I watched as his cock sprang excitedly from its cloth confines, ready and eager to play, completely ignorant of what it was getting itself, and Ben, into. As if to illustrate the point, stripping did not ease any of Ben's tension; if anything, being naked now made his cock throb even more intensely.

Jasmine took Ben's clothes, and set them on a set of small shelves, where I noticed several more sets of clothes were filed away. "Okay then, follow me, you two," said Jasmine. The way the house was laid out, the foyer opened to a short hallway, affording some visual privacy from the rest of the house, although we could hear people talking and laughing, and some light music playing. However, only a few feet away, there was a doorway opening up into a dining room, and just past that was a large living room, where everyone was gathered, sitting around on several couches or chairs, or standing and chatting.




Jasmine introduced us, and everyone gave us a friendly greeting, telling us they were glad we could make it, and complimenting us both on our looks. Ben was bashful, but returned the compliments with thanks, as did I.

I was a little surprised; there was indeed more people here than I thought there would be. Six men and four women were already present, not including Jasmine. With her and us, that made a total of thirteen people, and, going by the nude-to-clothed ratio, there were only five of us who were Mages or Espers. I was a little surprised to notice one of the men was clothed, while two of the other women were naked.

For some reason, it hadn't even crossed my mind that there would be male doms and female subs in this party. It made sense, of course; Jasmine hadn't specified this as femdom/malesub exclusive, but I guess my own experiences had just led me to assume that was the case.

I could tell Ben was a little turned off by the sight of the other nude men. However, the aura of lust generated by the aphrodisiac spells and psychic emanations didn't let that sober him, or any of the others up. Even if they had been outright homophobic, they were so aroused, they didn't care. Sexual heat aside, the atmosphere was fairly relaxed and accepting, so Ben managed to settle in well enough, even sitting next to one of the men when Jasmine motioned to the open spot.

"So," said Jasmine. "We're all here, we can get started. We've got cards, movies, snacks, the usual. Pool table is in the back, and if anyone wants to use the hot tub, that's working again now. So, Kat, let me introduce you more fully." Jasmine guided me over to the clothed individuals. I was somewhat relieved to see that the others dressed more casually, like myself, shirts or blouses and pants. Jasmine was just enjoyed showing off, I guess, or maybe she just liked dressing up for these things. She certainly got a lot of looks from the subs.

Andrea, a blond woman dressed in white, was a Biomancer, studying nursing at the same college Ben and I attended. The brunette haired Chase was a shadowmancer of minor skill, also going to the same college, studying engineering, and who tended bar on the side. Rodger was a Kinetomancer, who had just graduated from police academy. He was also gay, and I learned two of the nude males were his subs.

After introductions, we made small talk, and set up a card game. Our subs were permitted to do whatever they liked for a while, as long as it wasn't sexual. Most of them watched a movie, though a couple of the guys, including Ben, played some pool. For now, they were essentially on call, one of us motioning when we wanted something, and our subs fetching it for us. I couldn't help but be a little amused, watching the naked men's cocks bounce as they walked.

"So, uh, this isn't really a sex party, then?" I said. I sucked at cards, so I mainly just went through the motions as we played poker.

The others laughed good naturedly. "Did you expect us to immediately break out the whips and chains, or something?" said Rodger.

"Honestly, I have no idea," I said.

"We'll get to the sex," said Andrea. "First hour or two, though, we just like to have a nice, relaxing evening." She grinned over at one of men, who smiled back, then gasped as Andrea flicked a finger at him, and his cock jumped. "Well, relaxing might not be the word, but, you know, let the subs be a little more comfortable being nude and horny around each other."

"Then, once everyone has kind of settled in, the fun really starts," said Rodger.

I nodded. "So what do you guys usually do then? I mean, during the sex part?"

"Play with them using our powers," said Chase. "Make 'em squirm and beg and cry." She grinned. "You know, all that evil stuff."

"Now, now, don't be giving the wrong impression," said Andrea. "We do play around and it can get kind of intense. But it's all in good fun." She drew a good hand, and raked in the chips. "By the way, the card game also determines who gets their pick of the subs for the night. Winner gets first pick, runner up gets second, etc. So, you might want to brush up on your skills a bit."

I blinked, and looked at Jasmine. "Oh, don't worry, not tonight. They all know, you and your boy are off limits." She grinned. "Unless you've changed your mind?"

"I think I'll wait and see what's in store," I said.

The others nodded sagely, though Jasmine pouted a bit. She beckoned one of the nude girls over and she brought a fresh glass of water for Jasmine. Jasmine smiled, then traced a fingertip up the girl's leg, and touched her very clearly swollen clit. The girl's face contorted into a mask of intense pleasure, and she let out a cry. Jasmine kissed her on the belly, then waved her off. The girl stumbled away, shaking, fluid practically gushing between her thighs. I could sense she was still feeling Jasmine's finger, gently rubber her clit via psychic strokes.

The game went on that way for about an hour, while the subs tended to us, and either chatted, watched TV, or played pool. On occasion, one of the other doms would cast a small spell or make a motion towards one of the nude subs and they would lock up and let out a gasp or a shudder of pleasure, and I could sense their arousal spike. I realized all the men were sporting some rather impressive blue balls, and even the women appeared to have been denied orgasms for a while before the party. Ben came over a few times to fill my drink and refill the snack bowl. He was trembling a little the last time he came over. Even with only half effectiveness, and none of us teasing him directly, the arousing ambient energy was getting to him. I couldn't imagine how the other subs were able to stand it at full blast.

One of the other subs in particular, a young man named Jim, was really hurting for release. Jasmine seemed to have it out for him. A quick scan revealed he was Jasmine's sub, and she had kept him denied for nearly nine weeks! She had been sure to tease him plenty in that time. All throughout the party, as well, Jasmine kept zapping him with little pleasure bolts, more so than anyone else.

Jim was shaking so bad that he dropped Jasmine's drink when he fetched it, spilling it over her lap. Jasmine scolded him, and paused the game to make Jim kneel before her and slowly lick the spilled drink off her thighs. I could see Jim shaking, tears in his eyes, from the act. His cock was beet red with need, but he didn't dare beg her for mercy. I could sense that he knew better.

Even still, she didn't relent. As he stood back up, she grasped his rigid penis and he froze, body rigid as though petrified. It was some kind of response to a psychically induced trigger. Smiling, Jasmine slowly removed one of her stockings and tied it loosely around his penis. He gasped and began to tremble. She pushed him back a little, and he mechanically backed up until his back touch the wall, where he stood, shaking and making tiny whimpering sounds. Soon, his face contorted into one of orgasmic bliss, and his hips twitched. He was trying to cum.

I raised my eyebrows as I watched Jim suffering. The stocking was clearly another psychic trigger; when tied around his cock, it produced incredible pleasure in him. But, like I had with Ben, Jasmine had implanted a psychic block on his orgasm. No matter how long the stocking was tied to his cock, he wouldn't cum.

Sheesh. Now that I could see it happen from the outside, it was rather brutal. I kept glancing at Jim throughout the game, but even after five minutes, Jasmine seemed to be in no hurry to release her boy. The other subs in the party nervously avoided looking at Jim. When Ben came over to check on me, he gulped when he saw the other man, suffering intensely, just from Jasmine's stocking.

"You think he's had enough?" I said to Jasmine, nodding to the boy.

Jasmine glanced back and shrugged, as if she'd completely forgotten about him already. "Eh, he'll be fine. I've done worse with him. Besides, he deserves it." She grinned and winked at me. I decided not to press the issue and forced a small smile.

Finally, the game was over, with Chase being the winner. The subs were called over and told to line up against the wall, except for Ben, who was allowed to kneel next to me and Jim, who remained in his spot. Chase made a wave with her hand, and suddenly, bands of darkness wrapped around the subs' eyes, blindfolding them.

Rodger spoke a word and pointed, and I could see visible arcs of electricity spark up between their legs, bouncing along the girl's pussy lips and looping around the boys' cocks. It didn't seem to hurt them or leave any marks, but the energy stimulated their genitals intensely, as if by an electrostim device. All seven of the subs began to shake and gasp. Already overdue for orgasms, they had been simmering in heightened arousal for over an hour, and this intense stimulation shot them straight to the edge. However, some spell or psychic block prevented each of them from cumming, causing them to writhe and suffer in place.

As they either tried to grab themselves or started to fall to their knees, Andrea made a few hand motions, and bands of light formed around their wrists and ankles, holding them in place.

Jasmine turned to Ben. "You sure you don't want to join in?" He was staring wide eyed at the assembled line of over-stimulated subs, a little stunned. He glanced at us and I could tell by his expression he was a little freaked out. He looked at me, and I shook my head.

"Maybe next time," I said.

"Alright, then," said Chase, licking her lips and rubbing her hands together. "Eany-meanie-miney... moe!"

Chase picked two of the guys in the group, then Andrea picked two, then Rodger picked two, leaving Jasmine with one. Each pair was called over to their mistress or master, and when everyone was done, the spells on them were all released. The poor, heavily teased subs then kneeled before their mistresses/masters, and pledged to serve them for the night.

Then, we all migrated to the living room, where Jasmine popped in a DVD on the TV. As we sat there and watched what turned out to be a cheesy soft-core flick, the subs began to massage their mistresses and masters, kissing and caressing them. The movie was as much for the subs' benefit, or should I say, teasing, as for our own enjoyment; there was some vague plot about a hot, young, yet world weary detective trying to solve a mystery, but mostly, the movie was about showing off the actress's tits and the detective having sex with a bevy of babes to "interrogate" them.

Ben kneeled in front of me to give me a foot massage. His hands were unsteady until he gripped me, and he did his best to concentrate on me feet, as if that would help him focus through the arousal. Given that I'd used my feet to play with him before, however, this only increased his arousal, as I had practically given him a foot fetish by this point.

Regardless, his touch was wonderful, as always. I decided to reward him halfway through my left foot, by extended my right big toe and lightly tracing along the underside of the shaft. Ben's hips bucked forcefully and he gasped, letting out a shuddering groan. All the girls laughed, including me. He'd been so aroused by the constant waves of lust, that my simple touch had nearly made him orgasm! I smiled sympathetically at Ben as he looked at me with pleading eyes, his body shaking with pent up need. He was a total wreck!

As the movie came to end after about two hours, I pulled Ben towards me and whispered into his ear, "You about had it?" He nodded vigorously and I gave him a kiss. "Alright, we'll go soon."

"Well, guess it's time to get to business!" said Jasmine enthusiastically. She pulled her chosen boy to her and gave him a deep kiss. The other doms did the same with their subs for the night. Slowly, they started to strip down. Jasmine turned to me. "Well, dig in guys!"

"We, uh, we're going to do it right out here? Together?"

Andrea giggled. "Aw, are you guys shy? We'll have to do something about that."

Chase nodded sagely and motioned to me. "Yeah, don't we even get to see you naked?" Already having taken off her top, she slipped her bra off, revealing her breasts. I heard Ben gulp next to me, and didn't even need my powers to know his eyes had gone wide at the sight. Chase was quite a looker. Me, though... I suddenly felt bashful at the thought of stripping for these people.

Ben and I shared a glance. "Um... if it's all the same... I think we're going to take off," I said.

"What?" said Jasmine, sounding stunned. She looked utterly crestfallen.

Everyone else paused, but nodded. One look at Ben told them he was about to die from frustration, and I was looking uncomfortable myself.

"No, come on, stick around!" said Jasmine. "You can use one of the other rooms if you want privacy."

I shook my head, but smiled. "Thank you, but I think we're tapped out for the night."

Jasmine frowned, then narrowed her eyes at Ben. "You need to toughen up."

"Oh, leave them alone, Jasmine," said Chase. "If they've had it, they've had it." She turned to me and Ben. "We didn't freak you out too much, did we?"

"No, no, I just think we're done for the night."

Andrea reached over and took my hand, giving it an affectionate squeeze. "Hey, no pressure. If you still want to come to the next one, just let us know."

I smiled back. Andrea had quite a sweet, calming presence. "Thank you."

"Kat!" Ben gasped. He was really shaking now. I stood and helped him to his feet, using my powers to dull the intensity of his need, if only so he could walk straight. Jasmine saw us to the door, looking a little glum, but she insisted the others continue their festivities. Not needing to be told twice, the subs started caressing and kissing their doms as they stripped them. Moans and sighs of pleasure followed us to the door.

"I really wish you could stay," said Jasmine a final time, watching Ben hastily get dressed.

"I know, I'm sorry," I said. "Maybe next time."

"That's a no," said Jasmine. She sighed. "Alright, well, whatever. I hope you had fun still."

I smiled and nodded. "Yeah, I did. Did you, Ben?"

Ben nodded, but I could tell the only thing on his mind was emptying his balls. After a final goodbye to Jasmine, Ben and I all but ran for the car. As soon as we were inside, Ben pulled me to him, unable to wait a second longer. We yanked open his shorts, and I ducked down, taking his cockhead into my mouth just as I removed his orgasm block. He instantly exploded into my mouth. I swallowed every drop he gave, and he collapsed against the seat, exhausted, but relieved. I smiled and kissed him once more.

I left him alone for the ride back home, but I was still very riled up myself. As soon as we were back in my apartment, I all but threw him onto the bed, and rode him hard, letting him cum thrice more. I reached about twenty orgasms myself before I blacked out.

THREE

Ben and I didn't bother with sex the whole next week. The party had pretty well tapped us out. But, horny bastards that we were, he was already back at my place the following weekend. Wanting a nice, slow build up, I had him lay on the bed while I teased him with telepathic thought strokes, keeping his body locked in place. As I sat in my chair, Ben squirmed and moaned softly on my bed. I watched him with a smile as I reached down and gently touched myself.

Yeah, this was definitely more my speed.

Then, there was a knock on my door. Casting out my senses, I saw that it was Jasmine. Or, rather, I sensed a psychic screen blocking my scan attempt, and instead I heard her telepathically greet me. <Hi! Can we talk?>

I frowned a bit. Honestly, I wasn't sure I wanted to talk with Jasmine again. But, we hadn't talked since Ben and I all but fled the party, so I guess I owed her at least some sort of explanation.

<Yeah, hold on> I said. I paused and looked back at Ben. I almost let him go, halting my tease, but then, something made me reconsider. This conversation shouldn't take too long, but it might be a little fun to see how Ben reacted to the idea of Jasmine being in the other room as he lay here helpless. I went over and kissed him, telling him to "sit tight."

Then, I answered the door, letting Jasmine in. I sensed Ben freak out a little as he heard the door open, shy at the idea of someone else seeing him like this. I telepathically assured him it was okay, giggling in his mind to tease him. "Hi," she said again. "So, I guess I'll get right down to it. The party weirded you out, didn't it?"

I hesitated. "Well," I said. "It was interesting, but... look, Ben and I are pretty kinky, but we're just not into doing stuff with others. No offense."

Jasmine waved me off. "No, no, it's my fault. I should have prepped you better, should have had you meet the others before we did the party. I just wanted to make sure you weren't too freaked out."

I smiled reassuringly. "No, it's alright."

There was a sudden louder moan from the bedroom, and Jasmine glanced to it and grinned. "Having a little fun in there?"

I smirked. "Catching up for the week," I said. "And no, you can't peek."

Jasmine pouted. "Aaaw." Then she laughed. "Alright, well, I guess you're busy now. But, I was wondering if you'd like to, you know, hang out sometime, maybe get a drink or something?"

I thought it over. I didn't drink much, but it might be nice to get out of the apartment for a bit. And, of course, it would be an interesting little tease for Ben; it always drove him crazy when I'd leave him all by himself as he lay helpless, stimulated by my powers and not knowing when I'd be back. I never did it for too long, of course. I figured an hour or two wouldn't hurt him.

I went back into the room, and I gave him a kiss on his forehead, then his lips, then his penis tip. He moaned softly and I whispered in his ear that I'd be back in a couple hours. He moaned again, and I could sense him become anxious. I chuckled and kissed his lips again, reassuring him he was okay. Then, I gave another kiss to his penis, very slowly taking him into my mouth until I had nearly deep throated him. He tensed and shivered, moaning loudly. Then, I slowly withdrew, making sure to really drag it out as my lips slid over his sensitive penis head. He whimpered a bit as I finally pulled away, and I giggled. "Don't go anywhere now!"

I left him paralyzed on the bed, a gentle tingle of stimulation sliding up and down his penis. Enough to make it twitch like crazy and keep him hot and bothered, but not enough to overwhelm him. By the time I got back, he'd be more than ready to fuck my brains out all night, and I'd let him cum any way he wanted.

"Alright, let's go," I said, grabbing my purse and leading Jasmine out the door.

***


Jasmine and I went to dinner, taking our time chatting throughout the meal. I hadn't expected to chase said dinner down with a martini. Then a second one. Then a third. Suffice to say by that point, we took our sweet time getting back.

Jasmine and I stumbled into the my apartment somewhere around 2 in the morning, giggling like a couple of loons. I don't really even remember what we were talking about, just that pretty much everything either of us said seemed hilarious at the time. We more or less collapsed onto the floor, catching our breaths from the walk back.

A few moments passed before I became aware of the high pitched moans and whimpers coming from the bedroom. For a minute, I couldn't figure out what that noise could possibly be. I stood and went over to it, swaying slightly in my drunken haze, and saw Ben lying on the bed. For a brief moment, I wondered what he was doing there. Then I saw his penis jerking rhythmically, and I suddenly remembered



"Oh, shit." I had completely forgotten about him. He was still here, still psychically paralyzed, teased, and unable to cum. It was a regular part of foreplay for us, but it usually never went on for more than an hour, maybe two if I was feeling extra playful.

However, this time, he had been left suffering continuous sexual teasing for the better part of six hours! I cast my senses over him and realized with a small shock that the sensations were also far stronger than I had left him with.

Poor Ben. Tears streamed from his eyes, and his voice was hoarse from so much moaning and whimpering. His penis was an ugly shade of dark red, and sizable pool of pre-cum had collected and partially dried on his stomach. "Oh, you poor thing, I'm so sorry." I went over and kneeled next to him and reached out to pet his cock.

I paused, however. I gazed at his cock in wonder. Aside from the dark color, the veins were bulging out grotesquely, and the penis head was swollen so large, it looked like it would split. His balls were fully engorged and taught. I thought I had never seen his cock like this before, but then, I realized I had. I remembered what that boy Jim's cock had looked like at the party. It looked like such tension would be incredibly painful, and yet the cries from Ben were ones of pure ecstasy. At least for now, they were. In my drunken stupor, I watched his cock throb and bounce, nearly entranced.

Suddenly, Jasmine dropped down to her knees on the floor in front of me with a loud thump. I jumped, not having heard her come in. "Holy crap, that looks fucking delicious," she said, "I amped up your pleasure signal as we left, and boy, it's really done a number on him!" Then, she leaned forward, grasping Ben's cock and popping his penis head into her mouth. This happened so suddenly, I was too stunned at first to stop her. Her head bobbed sloppily on Ben's cock, her tongue lapping at the head, and Ben let out a near scream that made us both jump. Jasmine burst out laughing, letting him go.

I placed a hand on Ben's forehead, and tried to cut off the psychic sensations teasing his cock, but trying to use my powers in my current state proved too difficult. I only managed to calm Ben down slightly, before my concentration broke.

"Hey," I said, my words slightly slurred. "Turn it off. We should just let him rest." I made another attempt to reach into his mind and fumbled with the psychic "latch" that held him prone and teased. I kept slipping. "Shit, this isn't working. Come on, help me turn it off."

"Nah, why waste the moment? I didn't get my chance with him at the party!" said Jasmine. She stood back up, and yanked her shorts down, stumbling as she kicked them off. Before I could even protest, she was on top of him.

"Hey!" I said, moving to push her off. However, she had already positioned herself to take Ben inside her, so all my push ended up doing was make her drop down onto his cock, burying his full length inside her.

Ben lot out a howl of pleasure and his body convulsed. I redoubled my concentration and reached into his head, trying to snap him out of his tormented state. This time, I got a firm grip on the mental latch, but it refused to budge.

"Oh, no you don't!" said Jasmine. I realized she was holding the latch down with her own powers. She raised herself up and dropped back down, letting out a pleased sigh. She started bouncing on Ben's hideously engorged cock. I tried again to free him, and realized with a start that Jasmine was preventing my efforts.

"Stop!" I said.

"Oh, don't—oh!—don't be a—nnn—a prude!" said Jasmine. She started to twitch, her breath coming in short gasps as she already neared orgasm. I was amazed; she had been riding his cock for less than a minute. She let out a loud cry as she came, and slowed her hips until she was sitting still upon him, flexing her walls against his cock. "Oh, this is so fucking great," she said breathlessly. "He's so fucking wired up. You need to try this Kat, just open your mind to him, and you'll cum in an instant!"

"I don't..." I said, but then I felt Jasmine's psychic hands inside my mind. I was stunned at how adept she was, despite her drunken state. I felt Jasmine grasp something in my mind, and pull it towards Ben's psyche. I felt something click, and then I could feel it!

Oh, god, it was just like at the party, the arousal rushing at me, only this time, I couldn't block it out! I immediately collapsed on the floor, letting out a cry. Pleasure overwhelmed me, pleasure so sharp it cut through my core like a knife, striking each of my hot spots with surgical precision. Instantly, I was drenching my shorts in my juices. I bucked and writhed on the floor, my hands clutching and grasping for something to hold onto. I felt a hand grasp mine, and I held on for dear life. Jasmine had gotten off Ben and was kneeling next to me. She gathered me into her arms and held me, even as she forced the connection between my mind and Ben's to go on. I thrashed and screamed and cried as orgasms hit me in such rapid succession, I felt as though I were experiencing a single continuous release, lasting forever.

Finally, Jasmine broke the connection and I melted into her arms, shivering. She stroked my hair and whispered soothingly into my ear as I got control of myself. "There, there," she said. "Wasn't that good? Wasn't that just so fucking good?"

"Too good," I gasped. "I need to lie down."

"Come on," said Jasmine. She helped me up onto the bed next to Ben, and then lay down on the other side of him. She grasped my hand and waited for me to catch my breath. "Alright," she said. "Let's try it again, something a little lighter this time." I gave her a helpless look. I was already exhausted. She just smiled and coaxed me further. "It's ok. This'll be a lot easier." I felt her mind caressing my psyche even as her hand caressed my arm. Still a bit doubtful, I consented, and we opened our minds once again to Ben's. This time, we only opened up a crack, letting ourselves feel a steady, but low stream, perhaps only ten percent of what Ben was feeling. We both let out gasps as the sensations ran through our pussies, vibrating against our clits and g-spots. The connection ran invisible fingertips around and around our pussy lips, and a steady pulse throbbed inside us, like a phantom penis moving lovingly inside it. It wasn't enough to send me instantly spiraling into orgasm, but a few minutes of this, and I would probably cum.

"I love doing this," said Jasmine, a bit breathlessly. "Just riling up my boy and then buzzing off his pleasure all night long." A minute passed and she began to gasp, orgasming on the spot. She caught her breath, though, and rode the buzz some more, cumming again a few minutes later, with me joining her.

That's how it went for both of us. We snuggled against Ben, and talked and giggled over random things the whole night, the steady hum of pleasure giving us small orgasms every few minutes. I lost count of how many mini-climaxes we had; Jasmine probably had double mine, she was such a hair trigger. Poor Ben never had even one. Eventually, we came ourselves to sleep, the connection severing as we drifted off, the sounds of Ben's whimpers lulling us into our slumber.

FOUR

I woke up feeling groggy and having a mild headache. Only vaguely aware of my surroundings, I stumbled out of bed, and went to the kitchen to gulp down some water. After a few minutes of orienting myself, my psychic senses suddenly picked up feelings of distress from Ben. I went back into the bedroom, and my eyes widened. Ben was still laying there, naked, helplessly paralyzed by psychic suggestions. His cock twitched away as psychic stimulation continued to tease him. Next to him, Jasmine was curled around his body. She moaned softly as she roused, yawning. She blinked awake and took a minute to recognize where she was. She glanced at Ben, then down at his cock and smirked. She gave him a kiss on the cheek, and her hand curled around his cock.

I felt something inside me tighten, and I yelled, "Get off him!" Jasmine literally jumped off the bed, stumbling over the side. She hadn't even noticed me in the doorway yet, and was taken completely off guard.

With my head clear, I went into Ben's mind and shut off the phantom stimulation, and undid the paralysis locks. He'd already fallen into unconsciousness hours ago due to exhaustion, but it had been a restless, pained sleep. I eased his mind into a deeper state, and he instinctively curled up clutching at the pillow and shivering as he settled into a new position.

"Cripes, Kat," said Jasmine, rubbing the kinks out of her neck and arms. "What's the big deal? We were having so much fun last night!"

I went over to Ben and put a hand on his forehead, scanning his mind. He wasn't exactly traumatized, but he was stressed well past the point I would usually stop at. He would recover with some rest, and maybe a little assistance from me. But for now...

I turned to Jasmine. "Get out. Now."

Jasmine looked at me both confused and hurt. "But... Kat..."

"Out!" I said. I shook my head. "I don't know what the hell I was thinking, letting you in here last night."

"You were probably too drunk to think," said Jasmine, smirking.

"Thanks to you," I said. Last night was starting to come back to me. Particularly the part where Jasmine fucked him. "What the hell? I told you Ben and I were exclusive!"

"Oh, posh," said Jasmine, picking up her clothes and getting dressed. She seemed to not even have a hangover. "Such a waste. You two are such naturals, you shouldn't horde each other." She motioned to Ben. "Sure, he could use a little more stamina, but a few more parties out to help him with that."

"We're not going to any more parties," I said. "Now, leave."

Jasmine looked at me as if she was genuinely confused, as if she couldn't understand why I was being so selfish. "Kat..." I crossed my arms and glared at her. She frowned and started getting dressed. "I'm sorry, Kat. I really am. I just thought maybe you were shy and needed a little nudging. I didn't realize you two were actually that serious." She paused and gave me a look of genuine curiosity. "Are you in love with him?"

I blinked at that. "I... no..."

Jasmine set her mouth firm, then nodded. "Alright. I'm sorry again, Kat." She paused before heading for the door. "If you don't want to speak to me for a while, that's fine. But I really would like to be your friend."

"I think about it," I said. "Now leave." She complied, heading quickly out the door. I sighed and looked at Ben, then lay down next to him. He slept easily now, and as I curled up against him, he snuggled against me. I looked at his cock, still hard and twitching, still unrelieved from last night. Frowning, I traced his organ with my fingertip and watched it jump.

No, I didn't love him. I did like him, but when you got down to it, it wasn't love. I just wanted him. I'd been the one to find out his secret fetish when he didn't have the guts to even ask me out. I'd been to one to seduce him. I'd been the one to fulfill his every freakish fantasy, and in return, he fulfilled mine. That throbbing organ between his legs was mine, not his, not anyone else's! I wouldn't even allow him to touch his own cock without permission, and even then, only when I could watch.

Frowning, I rolled him onto his back, and straddled him. My pussy was already wet, and I guided him into me. I let out a lustful breath as I rocked back and forth on him. His cock jerked inside me, despite his unconsciousness, but in my sudden feeling of possessiveness, I clamped down on his climax, even with how badly I needed it.

"You're mine," I gasped. "All mine. Only mine." I moved my hips faster. "You understand? ONLY MINE!" I came right then, shuddering, but I didn't stop. Ben, of course, could only sleep so long with me pistoning on him like this. He awoke with a gasp and immediately clutched at me.

I leaned down atop him, grabbed him by the hair and pulled his head back. I bit him on the shoulder as my hips bucked even faster. I growled in my passion as I came again.

"K-kat! Ow! Kat! Please!" He clutched at me like his life depended on it, and jammed his hips upwards, thrusting in time with my pumping.

"Say it! Say your mine!" I growled in his ear.

"I'm y-yours!" he gasped. "I'm all yours!"

"You won't look at another woman! You won't even think of another woman!"

"I-I-I w-won't look! I won't th-think of another—Ah!—another woman!"

"Your penis is mine, you hear me? If you ever touch it without my specific orders, you will never cum again for the rest of you life!"

"It's yours! I'm yours! Kat, please!" His words dissolved into cries for mercy as I fucked him so hard, I heard part of the bed frame crack. I came again, and this time, I didn't stop, multiple orgasms blending together in one long climax. And just before I blacked out, I finally reached inside Ben and released my block. He nearly screamed with relief as I felt him empty his seed deep inside me, and that was all I remembered before my world went dark.

***


I woke up, aching sweetly in every muscle of my body. I felt myself curled almost into a ball, with two strong arms wrapped around me. My head was laying on Ben's chest, and he was softly stroking my hair. With a moan, I looked up at him. He smiled warmly at me, leaned down, and kissed him.

"Hey," he said softly.

"H-hey," I said.

"You okay?" he said. "What was that all about?"

I frowned and looked over at his shoulder. My teeth marks were still evident; I saw that I actually drew a little blood. I gently kissed him there and he flinched. I looked up at him, but he smiled at me again, reassuring. I lay my head back down on his chest and snuggled against him.

"I'm sorry," I said. "I went a little crazy." After a long pause, I said, "I just don't want to share you."

"I gathered."

I held him a little tighter. "But that's not really my call, is it? I mean, we're not a real couple. We're not committed to each other."

"Well, you are my mistress," he said. "I'd say that counts for something."

"That's just part of the game," I said. I reached down and gently grasped his now flaccid genitals. He winced slightly, as they were very tender, but I rolled them in a soothing motion that relaxed him. "I'm not supposed to actually get psychotic about it."

"Well, it's natural to want to be your lover's only partner," he said.

I looked up at him. "But I'm holding you back, aren't I? What if there's a woman out there who really loves you? What if you're too busy kissing my feet to ever notice her?"

Ben swallowed. "You're not talking about Jasmine, are you?"

I chuckled a bit. "No. But, I dunno, seeing her playing with you, and then insisting we should see other people, it just got me so angry. This was all just supposed to be a fun kinky thing between us, I didn't know I could actually feel this possessive about a person."

"Kat, I'm still with you because I want to be," he said. "If I really wanted anyone else, I'd have told you. Heck, I wouldn't have to, you can read my mind. Read it now."

I did so, and it was true. He didn't love me either, fond of me as he was, but he still wanted me as bad as I did him. He kissed the top of my head. "You make me happy, Kat. I don't need anyone else."

I smiled and kissed him deeply for that. Snuggling closer against him, I sighed and said, "Well, even if we never go back to the party, it might not hurt to hang out with them again. After all, we could always stand to learn a few more tricks."

Ben and I chuckled, and I felt "my" cock twitch at the thought.

END


Kat's Boytoy: Wild Lust
bySalamando_Flames©

It's me, Kat the Esper again, for another little tale of erotic adventure!

A year and a half had gone by since I had first seduced Ben into being my sex slave. Just a couple weeks ago, we had attended a sort of swingers party with a group of kinky mages and had decided that, kinky as we ourselves were, that sort of thing wasn't really up our alley. The experience also left us both feeling a little sexed out, so we hadn't fooled around or anything since then. I knew by this point, however, Ben must be getting antsy; one of my psychic tricks was to put a limiter in his mind that prevented him from masturbating or achieving orgasm without my permission, and two weeks was quite a while for the poor guy to endure.

Usually, we had our fun over at my place, but I decided today I would surprise him. About mid-afternoon, once my classes were over, I popped over to his place. I spread my psychic senses out to make sure he was actually there. If not, I'd make myself comfortable and wait, but if so, I considered tricking his senses into not being able to see me, and then play a prank or two on him whilst I was "invisible." Childish? Sure. Fun? Heck, yeah!

However, as I extended my senses, I detected another mind in the apartment besides Ben. A female mind. I paused, blinking, feeling a slight sting. I stopped myself from jamming my psychic senses into the room to investigate. I chastised myself; there was nothing wrong with Ben having other female friends besides me. And no reason they couldn't hang out in his place. Alone with him.

I fought a scowl. Even though Ben and I were in a sort of psychic BDSM relationship, we weren't actually a romantic couple. Still, I was rather possessive of him. Perhaps a little too much so. Taking a breath, I forced myself to not get paranoid. I could just broadcast an invitation to my place in his mind. Or I could just send him a text on the phone. No need to interru—oh, who was I kidding?

I opened the door quietly, and made my way down the very short hallway to the edge of the doorway which led to his living room. I blinked again, a little stunned. Ben was there on the couch, looking intently at a text book, finger scanning the page. Next to him was a very tall woman with large white wings sprouting from her back. The ends of her fingers ended in sharp talons. It was a Demihuman, an Aven specifically.

As I watched, Ben read a phrase aloud. "Svet iklhj sha utoovek."

"Ewetuuviek," said the winged woman, tapping the spot on the page Ben's finger had just passed.

"Ee-yoot-uyu-vike," Ben tried.

The Demihuman repeated the correct pronunciation, and Ben sort of got it right after three more tries. The word was oddly stretched in certain places, while requiring an odd click at the end.

I knocked on the edge of the door frame gently. Ben jumped in surprise, having been so focused he hadn't noticed me until just then. He grinned and said, "Hey! I didn't know you were coming over." Next to him, the Demihuman tilted her head up and gave me a calm smile. I couldn't help but do a surface scan of her mind. She'd already known I was here before I put the key in the door.

Demihumans creeped me the fuck out.

I smiled anyway. "Hello," I said. "Just thought I'd give you a surprise visit." I winked knowingly at him, and he smirked. I glanced the winged woman. "Didn't know you had company."

"Oh, this is Savik," he said, motioning the woman. "She's helping tutor me in High Zoan." She stood and gave me a polite bow. I couldn't help but gulp a little. She was nearly seven feet tall at the head, and the bend of her wings brushed the ceiling whilst they were folded. Even though she was lithe of frame, she seemed to loom over us in the limited confines of the room.

"I see," I said. "I'm Kat."

"Nice to meet you," she said in a surprisingly deep voice. She glanced between me and Ben, and seemed to instantly know what I was there for.

"Well, I think we've done enough for today," she said. "I'll leave you to your guest, then." She departed with a silent stride, and I couldn't help but shiver a little as she stepped past me.

When she was gone, I looked to Ben. "So. High Zoan, huh?"

Ben shrugged. "Yeah. There's this internship I want to try for which could also get me to study abroad. Specifically, there's an immigration outpost off the coast of Zoaheim..."

"Zoaheim?" I said, my jaw dropping. "Woah, hold the phone. Why the hell would you want to go there?"

Ben held his hands up reassuringly. "Um... well... I mean, I wouldn't be on the continent, I'd be on one of the islands. Actually, it's on the border of Iteru waters, so technically, I wouldn't even be in Zoaheim territory."

I calmed down a bit. "Okay, but, why?"

Ben gave me a puzzled look. "What do you mean why? I'm a Linguistics major. I want to be a translator."

"Really?"

"I speak four languages, you know. Which is a rare thing in Argonia, so it's an in demand career."

"Huh. Somehow I never picked up on that."

"I guess it never came up."

"But for Demihumans? Really?"

"What's wrong with Demihumans? I think they're cool." He shrugged. "Besides, not just them. I also speak Ashi and Curra. It's just this internship would look pretty damn good on my resume." He cocked his head as he looked at me. "What?"

I shivered again and sighed. "Nothing. Forget it." I glanced around, and noticed the winged woman had left a long, stiff feather on the couch. I tapped my chin. "Anyway, you can probably guess why I'm here."

Ben nodded, and I smiled slyly. "Well, what are you waiting for?" I said, taking a seat and giving him a firm look. Ben gave a grin and stripped naked before me. I pointed down, and he kneeled before me. "Touch yourself," I said. Ben's eyes widened a bit. I rarely ever allowed him to masturbate. In fact, since I'd taken control of his penis a year ago, you could count the number of times he'd touched himself on one hand. Truthfully watching a boy masturbate was actually quite a turn on for me, especially if it was me they were doing it to. In Ben's case, however, it was even more of a turn on to frustrate him.

Ben didn't hesitate; it was so rare that he got to touch that he almost forgot how he liked it. It took him a few experimental strokes to get the rhythm again, but once he did, he was steadily working himself up. I smiled as I watched him play with himself, feeling the warmth grow in my own genitals. I reached out with my mind and grasped the now familiar array of psychic switches and dials I had mapped out in Ben's head. I made sure the orgasm block was secure, and then I slowly turned up the sensitivity of his genitals. Ben let out a small breath as the pleasure of his own hand grew at an expected rate. Soon, he was jerking as his body neared orgasm, though he fought to maintain control of himself. It was a valiant effort. Unfortunately for him, his last release was two weeks ago. And even more unfortunately, I kept slowly easing up his sensitivity. It took only half a minute for him to crack, and Ben tried to stop.

However, I wasn't going to let him. I quickly crossed a few mental wires in his head, and to his dismay, he continued to stroke himself; he was now incapable of not masturbating, and could not even slow down. He could, however, stroke faster, and he fought mightily not to, as his orgasm hit him. Of course, he failed to shoot off, and instead, he bucked and gasped there on his knees, face contorted into that silly grimace of pleasure.

I enjoyed the show for a couple minutes, squeezing my thighs together as my pussy grew quite damp. I let myself stew in my own lusts a little before finally allowing myself to indulge. As Ben continued to jerk and moan before me, barely able to stay on his knees, I slowly stripped nude, causing his lust to increase without any psychic help from me. His resolve broke, and his stroking became frantic.

I stepped up to him, pressing my body flush against his. I stood between his legs, and parted mine, forcing him to splay his knees as wide as possible. I cupped the back of his head and, after giving him a lustful smile, pressed his face against my pussy. With his free hand, he clutched at my leg, while his lips instinctively closed around my clit. I gasped. I ground myself against him as his tongue drove deeper into me, followed by sucking my clit fiercely. I let out a low, shuddering gasp as I fucked his mouth with gusto.

His hand was moving as fast as possible now, and I could sense it was starting to ache. I reached into his head and allowed him to finally stop. He gave a relieved moan as he let go, and clutched at my other leg. However I did not give him even a moment's reprieve from the throbbing edge. I shifted my legs and trapped his cock between my calves. Flexing my leg muscles to squeeze him, Ben moaned loudly as he instinctively began to hump between my legs.

The position was a little difficult for me as my own body was twitching and trembling as Ben's mouth drove me towards my own, unhindered climax. I clutched his hair and nearly doubled over, gasping, as my hips bucked fiercely against him. I let out a low cry as I came, shuddering hard. At that point, neither of us could maintain our balance, and I toppled forward, causing Ben to fall backwards.

We landed with Ben's face between my breasts. Once I was able to prop myself up on my hands, Ben immediately reached for them, his mouth closing over the right nipple, while one hand squeezed my left breast. As I moaned again in pleasure, I shifted my hips and gasped as his cock slid firmly inside me. I squeezed his cock fiercely with my pussy, and he lost himself in the moment. With a burst of renewed energy, he flipped us both over, and began fucking me like a high-powered piston. I let him take me, screaming and digging my nails into his back as his desperate thrusts drove me to several more orgasms, until he was too exhausted to move.

He collapsed atop me, still inside me, his genitals on fire with the need to release. I trembled as I came down from my orgasmic high, clutching at him. I caressed his hair as he rested his chin on my shoulder, both of us basking in the glow of my multi-climax.

He looked up at me, eyes pleading. "Kat... please... it hurts..."

I gave him a sympathetic frown, then kissed him deeply. I squeezed his poor penis once more with my vaginal muscles, causing him to shiver. Then, I pushed him away, forcing him to slide out me and roll onto his side. "Good," I said. "Because I'm not done with you." He opened his mouth to protest, but I put a finger to his lips. "Lay on your back. Spread your limbs."

"Kat, please!" he said softly. His genitals really were aching. I reached down and gave his balls a very light pat, causing him to wince.

"Do it now," I said firmly. Ben swallowed and complied, laying spread eagle on the floor. I reached into his mind and with another telepathic tweak, I froze him like that, binding him as if with invisible ropes. I then sat up, giving a moan as I stretched lazily. We were near enough to the couch that I didn't have to stand up to reach for the long feather still on the floor, left by the demihuman woman. I examined it closely. It was soft, but stiff, and nearly as long as Ben's cock. It would be an excellent tool for my purposes.

With the feather in one hand, I rolled over, propping my head up on one hand, and idly twirling the feather with the other. Ben's eyes widened. "Before I let you cum, I want to set a few things straight with you." As I said this, I reached into his mind once more, and turned the dial of his sensitivity even higher, until I could have probably made him cum just softly blowing on his cock. Testing this sensitivity, I tenderly trailed the very tip of the feather down his length.

Ben bucked fiercely and gasped, his balls drawing tight against his body, cock twitching. A thick bead of precum seeped from the tip, but my orgasm block held strong. I smirked. "Now, then," I said. "About this little trip to Zoaheim..."

"I was going to tell you, I jus—aaaaAAAH!" Another swipe, another sharp edging.

"Oh, I'm sure," I said. Another swipe and he shuddered in another failed attempt to climax. I swiped the feather every few second, bringing him to the edge each time; just when he started to calm down from the sharp pleasure, I would swipe him again, never giving him a moments break. He was unable to answer me, so I read his mind.

"Hmmm... I see. Didn't want to tell me unless you knew for certain. Well, I can see that. Let's see... couple months before you'd go anyway, but... four month internship... helping possible immigrants go through the paperwork process... ooh, get to spend weekends on one of the more exotic islands of Iteru! Thinking maybe you'd hit up one of their nude beaches? Heehe, well, you are now!" The image popped up in his mind, sunning himself on a beach with hot, topless women all about.

"You know I wouldn't let you do anything with them, right?" I teased. I increased the frequency of my feather strokes, this time targeting his other sensitive spots, the ridge of his penis head, the nook between his balls and thigh. "Can you imagine that? Sitting there with your cock pointing to the sky, but every time a girl comes over to see if you need a little help, you have to turn her down? How frustrating!"

Ben whimpered and mentally begged for mercy, but I just grinned and slid the feather over his cock continuously. He writhed and gasped in place, his cock jerking wildly. "And you can forget about cumming, of course. Leaving me for four months like that... the nerve! Maybe if you're real lucky, I'll let you cum as much as humanly possible just before you go." After another minute of torture, I finally withdrew the feather. He shivered and moaned as he came down from the fierce edging, blinking tears of frustration from his eyes.

"I dunno how you could do it, myself," I said. "Demihuman's creep me out, you know. Only ever seen a few others, but they send a shiver down my spine. They're so... inhuman." I chuckled. "Course, I'm the weirdo with psychic powers, so I guess I can't say anything. Not like I hate them or anything, I'm just not comfortable with them." I tapped my chin and grinned. "What about you, lover? You think they're cool, as you said. Maybe you like them beyond that? Maybe you've got a secret fetish?"

His eyes widened, and he shook his head. He didn't, but I saw an excellent opportunity to fuck with him. I went over to him and cupped his head with my hand. "Are you sure? You've never thought about one, or two, or three of those catgirls crawling all over you, their tongues on your dick?"

Upon mentioning it, Ben thought of that very scenario, of course. The idea didn't quite appeal to him, but before his erection could wilt, I reached into his mind and caught his interest, holding it aloft. I carefully crossed a few mental wires, bypassing certain biases, until Ben suddenly found the idea of catgirls very alluring.

"Aha! You do have a secret fetish!" Ben gave me a helpless look, knowing I'd just tampered with him, but helpless to fight his newfound urges. I reached in and did a few more adjustments. "And why stop there, hmm? There's bunnygirls and snakegirls and winged women, like your tutor. All sexy in their own way, if you're into that. And you certainly seem to be!"

Ben was now swooning as I telepathically beamed a whole host of scenes into his mind, of being tied up and played with by sexy Demihuman women, the catgirls tickling him with their claws and licking him with their rough tongues, the bunnygirls rubbing their soft bodies over him and teasing him with their fluffy tails, the winged women using their wings to run teasing feathers over his body, the snake women wrapping him tightly in their coils, forcing all the blood to his cock which they would tease with their long tongues. Ben began to squirm and moan, his hips bucking just from the intensity of the scenes I was making him experience.

"Imagine that," I said. "Obsessed with Demihuman sex, but unable to do anything about it. Four months helping Demihuman immigrants, living with them, I'm sure a decent number will be sexy, nubile young girls, some of which might be more than willing to service a young human stud in order to gain his favor. And yet, you'd have to turn them down, wouldn't you? That wouldn't be proper, would it?"

He shook his head, and I giggled wickedly in his ear. "You'd have to turn them down, though of course, if they really wanted you, you wouldn't be strong enough to resist them, would you? Most Demihumans are a lot stronger than us. Can you imagine, a sexy catgirl wants to have her way with you, traps you in a private room, and makes you her little human bitch? Hmm..." I beamed the image into his mind, and intense fantasy of being tackled and manhandled by a powerful, lithe catgirl. The catgirl in question was me, of course, with kitty ears and tail, just to really add to the effect. Ben thrashed in place, my psychic bondage almost breaking as he bucked savagely at the edge of orgasm. The psychic stimulation of the fantasy was overloading his senses.

"But that probably won't happen," I continued, letting the fantasy fade. "Instead, you'll just have to sit there, watching the sexy, barely clothed Demihuman girls go through the line, trying not to fantasize about them and popping a boner in front of them all. You're only hope would be to rush to your room afterwards and jerk off five times a day just to relieve the tension. But of course, you won't. Because I won't let you. When you leave, I'm going to make sure that little 'no masturbation' command is hard set. No orgasms either, so no matter how many wet dreams you have there, even if a sexy catgirl does have her way with you, you're balls will just get fuller and fuller."

His was moaning loudly now, mentally crying out for mercy. "Too bad," I said. "That's what you'll get for leaving me. You know I hate it when we're apart for too long." I giggled as he whimpered in response. "Aw, don't worry. I'll be sure to masturbate for the both of us while you're away." He shuddered and let out a pitiful mewing, shaking his head. I just laughed and let him boil for another minute, picking up the feather and running it over his overly sensitive cock again.

Finally, I felt he had enough, as I sensed his mind reaching a threshold where the pain of need was overtaking the pleasure. I waited until just the moment before that threshold was reached. Then I reached over and give his penis a single, sharp flick. The moment I did, I released his orgasm block.

He exploded, as usual, with tremendous force, launching cum clear over his head to coat the couch a few times, before splattering himself from face to stomach with the rest of his seed. I smiled with satisfaction. Ben's orgasms, when I let him have them, were nothing less than spectacular. I waited for the convulsions to subside, then faded away the intense fantasies from his mind as his body cooled down from the climax. I got up, grabbed a towel, and proceeded to wipe him clean as he lay there, too shaken to move.

I snuggled up next to him when he was sufficiently clean and kissed his cheek. "Man, I should do that fantasy play more often."

"One of these days, you're going to kill me with it!" he said when he could talk again, but laughed. He cleared his throat. "But, um... if I do go on this intership, you won't really do that to me, will you? I remember how harsh you were over the summer..."

I pretended to think about it. I had left some of the attraction to Demihumans floating around his subconscious. "Well. Maybe I'll let you masturbate again."

Shrewdly, he said, "And what about cumming?"

"Oh, you know the answer to that!"

"It might be hard to get in contact with you from there. Might just be limited to e-mail."

"Well, you better hope I remember to check my messages, then!" I giggled.


"Kat!"

"We'll see," I said, and gave him another kiss.





Kat's Boytoy: Zoa Blues
bySalamando_Flames©

NOTE: This story takes place after Kat's Boytoy: The Party and Kat's Boytoy: Wild Lust

CHAPTER ONE

My name is Kat and I am an Esper, a person gifted with psychic powers. For over a year and a half now, I have been enjoying an intensely kinky BDSM relationship with my boytoy, Ben. Instead of whips and chains and chastity belts, however, I use my mental abilities in all sorts of ways to dominate him, sensually tormenting his body and mind until he can't stand it anymore, forcing him to please me while I tease him with only occasionally blessings of relief. If it sounds a bit harsh, don't worry. It's always been in good fun. I can be pretty intense with my sadism sometimes, but he's a total masochist for my brand of psychic sex play, so it all works out.

At least, it used to. But all good things have to end someday, right? Ben came over to my place the other night, and I could tell he wasn't bringing good news. Just heading to the door, I could feel the mix of emotions, mainly anxiety, emanating off him. When a person was that wound up, I didn't have to pry to sense what they were feeling. Ben swallowed hard when I opened the door and gave him a smile, hoping to ease his mood. "Hello, boytoy. You aren't due for another couple of days. Feeling tense already?"

"Already" was a bit of a joke. We'd incorporated orgasm denial into our sexual play since the beginning. I used to let him pop at least once a week, usually twice, but after last summer, I got into the habit of extending the time between climaxes. I loved to make him cum, but I also enjoyed feeling his sexual excitement and frustration wash over me as we fucked. I now usually let him pop only once every two weeks. Sometimes I'd extend it to three if I was feeling especially wicked. It drove him absolutely crazy, but when I did finally let him cum, it was unlike any orgasm most men get to experience in their lives. Trust me, I made sure it was worth it.

However, as he stood at the door looking almost pensive, his nine day stretch of blue balls seemed the last thing on his mind. I frowned a bit. "Are you alright?" I said.

"Kat, we, uh... we need to talk..." he said.

My frown deepened. I resisted the urge to just pluck the information from his head. "What is it?"

"I got the internship," he said. "The one for Zoaheim." I sensed a wave of emotion flow off him as admitting that made his heart beat faster. Anxiety, but also some elation.

I fixed Ben with a hard stare as I processed what he had just said to me. "You're actually going. To Zoaheim."

Ben nodded. "I got the internship. Actually, it's a bit more complicated than an internship, more like an actual apprenticeship. I do this job and I am set for a career. It could even put me on the fast track to be a translator for the Council of Nations." He chuckled almost nervously. "I mean, that's not guaranteed, obviously. But you know, I mean, wouldn't that be something?"

I blinked in surprise. I'd had no idea Ben had that kind of ambition! Were this any other sort of job prospect, I would certainly have been happy for him. But this wasn't just any kind of job. "That's... great..." I said. My attempt at a smile ended up as a frown. "But... Zoaheim? Really?"

"Yeah, I know," he said.

My frown deepened. "That continent full of monsters and savages. It's where they exile rogue Mages and Espers and war criminals."

"Not on the continent," he said. "I'd be working on an island that borders Zoaheim and Iteru waters."

"But you'll be working with Zoaheim Demihumans," I said.

Ben gave me a calm, patient smile, like a teacher addressing a particularly slow student. "It's a military guarded immigration facility. I'd be helping evaluate if said Demihumans could leave Zoaheim. By the time they'd reach my island, they'd have already been to a few other islands for assessment and learning. And if something did go wrong, there are guards and protocols handle it."

He'd explained this to me before, but I was still having trouble processing it. "Went wrong. Like a Demihuman cutting open your throat if he doesn't like how your interview is going."

Ben nodded. "Yes. That part scares me. But I still want to do this. I'll be trained on how to handle something like that. And if I can survive it, I can survive any job."

"Until something goes wrong."

Ben felt a flash of frustration. I didn't even need my psychic powers to see it, despite his attempt to hide it. But I couldn't help it. Zoaheim was called the Forbidden Continent for centuries, and for good a reason. I knew scientists and military personnel were stationed there, but training for being a translator? Well, actually, I supposed a linguist would be very valuable there, but I wouldn't think Zoaheim would be a good place for a training position. I didn't like it one bit.

Of course, it wasn't just the danger. "How long would you be gone?"

Ben frowned but said, "A lot longer than I originally thought. I'd have to do basic training and survival courses, and such. All told, I'd be gone for about a year."

I felt a pang in my chest. "A year?"

"Yeah," he said. "I know. That's why we need to talk about this."

Being apart for summer break was one thing. Ben had been able to drive down to see me over that summer. But this was on the other side of the planet. I kept a calm face, but the tight feeling in my chest didn't go away. I tried to keep my cool. "Not sure what there is to say. You want to go. You need to go. So go."

"I know you're upset—"

"Gee, you think? You're ditching me to go play around with monster women." Ben scowled. Inwardly, I cursed myself. Why did I say that?

"Um, that's really not it, Kat."

I let out a sigh. "Yes, I know. It's just the thought of you going there scares me. I know I couldn't do it. And if I'm being honest, I don't want you doing it."

Ben's jaw set. "Well, I'm doing it, barring something intervening. You don't want me to go, you'll have to mind control me."

I felt a bit of anger well up, but I forced myself to stay calm. I realized that, excited as he was for his future, he was pretty scared of the idea of going there, too. But he needed to defend his choice, because if he backed out now, he'd be kicking himself over it for years.

"I would never do that to you," I said calmly. I tried to think of something to say, something less potentially offensive. "Look, I'm sorry. I don't want to come off as prejudice, but the truth is, I've just never been comfortable around Demihumans. And you know what kind of horror stories they tell about the Forbidden Continent. Just the thought of you being around Demihumans who've grown up there... Well. You can't blame me for worrying, huh?" It was the truth.

"I see." Ben frowned. "Well, you sure didn't have any problems giving me those psychic visions of being fucked by them."

"That was just a fantasy," I said. "And I thought you'd like it."

"I did." He paused for a moment, trying to collect his thoughts. "I'm coming off hostile, aren't I? I'm sorry. I guess I was expecting a fight, so I'm all defensive." He gave me a sincere look. "Kat, you know this doesn't mean we can't see each other again. I'll be gone for a year, but it's not like we can't hook back up when I return. That is, if you'll still want me."

I nodded. "Of course."

Ben smiled, a bit relieved. "Okay. Now comes the part you might not like, but I have to insist. You need to release your psychic conditions on me before I go. It is a dangerous place. I can't be distracted if something does happen, and I end up getting tranced out at a critical moment because of one of your conditions."

I tried not to scowl, but couldn't quite hide it. "Insist? You forget, you're not the one who gets to insist in this relationship, boy toy."

His expression remained calm, but I sensed a flash of knee-jerk anger. Most of it was spawned from anxiety, and hence defensive. But he didn't say anything. We both knew there wasn't a damn thing he could do to me, and there were a lot of things I could do to him. And I could choose to make those things less than pleasant. Normally, this remembrance of our power structure would get both of our libidos revving, and we'd very shortly thereafter be stripping our clothes off to go at it. But not this time. We just stood there, looking at one another, and before I knew it, the air between us had gone back to very tense.

Ben was serious. He expected me to do as he insisted. "Well, I'm not undoing anything before you go," I finally said. "But I'll consider it."

Ben opened his mouth to protest. He then rethought his words and nodded. "I guess all I can say is please. I don't mean any disrespect here."

My frown maintained, but I nodded as well. "I know." We stood there for a bit longer. It was starting to get awkward, so I figured it best to shift the mood a bit. "So... care to take a load off?" As I said that, I sent a psychic signal to his brain, making him feel the sensation of fingertips lightly tapping his ball sac.

Ben jumped a bit at the sensation and blinked, as if surprised at the idea. I suppose at this point it was a little early for me to suggest an orgasm after only nine days. "Uh..." he shifted nervously a bit. "Actually... I dunno if this is a good time..."

I cocked my head to the side and gave him a dangerously inquisitively look. "You really think so?"

"I'm... I don't think I'm able to really... perform... right now..."

I forced myself not to make a smart ass retort. Ben was still focused on his job at the moment, excited, but nervous, a little scared, even. He had a lot to think about and prepare for. Me, I suppose the news hadn't really set in yet.

My features softened and I nodded again. "Alright." Ben started to step away, but I stopped him with a "hey" and held my arms out to him. He went over to me and we hugged. "It's alright," I said soothingly. As I did so, I reached into his mind and soothed a bit of his anxiety, lifting his mood a bit, letting him think a bit more clearly. "Maybe in a couple days," I said.

Ben pulled back and smiled, saying. "Yeah, alright." Giving my arm a final affectionate squeeze, he left. I smiled as I watched him go, but the smile dropped immediately once the door shut behind him. I spent the rest of the day in a sour mood.

CHAPTER TWO

Night did not bring rest for me. As I had mulled over the idea of Ben leaving for Zoaheim, I found my mood just getting worse and worse. Finally, it was more than I could hold in. I was going to visit him tonight and give him a piece of my mind. It was already past midnight by the time I went, however, so he would already be asleep when I approached. I decided I didn't care.

Half an hour later, I opened the door to Ben's apartment, slipping inside quietly. Locking it behind me, I tip toed through the darkened hallway. Ben's bedroom door was open and he lay curled up, naked, under the comforter he used as a blanket. I stepped up to him and watched him. I could not see him clearly in the dark, but my psychic senses let me see him in ways normal eyes couldn't. I slipped into his mind, and saw he was deep in REM sleep. He was dreaming about a random spill of mundane images, talking a walk, driving a car, taking a test for school. The usual mural of humdrum nonsense most people dream of.

I thought about waking him, but I couldn't think of anything to say. I instead slipped into his mind, as usual picturing before me a set of levers, dials, and switches that let me manipulate his bodily functions through his nervous system. I found the lever that controlled the depth of his sleep, and I secured it where it was with a temporary psychic hold. For the next several hours, he would remain asleep, no matter what happened to him.

Satisfied he would not wake, I stripped off my clothes and pulled aside the comforter. I rolled him onto his side, and then reached in and hit the switches that controlled the movement of his limbs. He was not fully paralyzed, but he wouldn't be able to do more than twitch his arms and legs. This would keep him on his back as I worked him over, so there was no risk of him flailing his limbs or rolling off the bed. Again satisfied, I lay down on the bed next to him and snuggled up against him on his right side.

Propping my head up with my left arm, I let the fingertips of my right hand touch his cheek and slowly slide down his chest, until they settled on his soft and limp genitals. I ran my fingertips over his balls, which were a tad swollen. Ten days on pent up tension now. Sometimes, I would end a period of denial by give him a nice surprise, waking him up with a very fierce orgasm. However, I wasn't feeling so generous right now. I was feeling quite mean, in fact.

I let my fingers drift up to his cock, which had already begun to react to my touches on his testicles. About a third hard, his penis very quickly grew fully erect as I brushed my fingertips repeatedly down its length, coaxing it to full mast with my delicate petting. Then, when it was fully hard, I wrapped my fingers around it and held it firm. Ben let out a soft sigh as I took hold of his most delicate parts.

No, not his parts. My parts. That was our arrangement. This was my penis and testicles. I just let him hold onto them. And now he was going to take them away from me. I started stroking him, slowly. Ben let out another sigh. We hadn't had sex for over a week, and I maintained a psychic block in his head so that he could not masturbate. My touch was certainly a welcome relief, even in his sleep.

I watched his face as I stroked him. Unable to awaken, Ben's mental reaction to my stimulation was for his dream to shift into a more erotic theme. He was now dreaming about me giving him a handjob, pretty much similar to what I was already doing. Except in the dream, I was smiling and giving him tender kisses, even giggling a little. I scowled. Yes, it was all well and good for him to have fun. My stroking got a bit faster. In the dream, I also quickened my pace, and Ben moaned again. I stroked a little bit faster.

I found myself getting rather annoyed with how sappy Ben's dream version of me was. I know he had no control over his dreams, but I still couldn't help but be irked with him over this. Here he was, leaving me, and he was carrying on in his head like everything was sunshine and rainbows.

Well, it wasn't, damn it. My stroking got faster. It wasn't fucking sunshine and rainbows. Faster. He was moving to the other side of the damn planet, to a place where he could very well get killed if he wasn't careful, and I was supposed to be happy about it? Faster. I don't care if this was important to his future, he had no right. He was mine. My boy. My toy. To do with as a pleased. Faster. I was never going to let him go! Not ever! Faster!

Ben let out a moan and his hips bucked as my rapid jerking of his cock got to be too much, and he tried to orgasm. Except I didn't release his orgasm block, so instead, his cock jerked futilely in my hand, unable to achieve release. I just grit my teeth and stroked him even faster. Ben mewed and squirmed trying to cum, but I didn't let him. In his dream, I was laughing devilishly.

Finally, I let go before my forceful hand job could hurt him. But I wasn't done. I reached down and rubbed my pussy lips. I could feel a heat burn in my lions. When I got riled up like this, got aggressively dominant, it turned me on in a way that scared me a bit in hindsight. But I was in the moment, and right then, I let my restraint go. I sat up and mounted him, straddling his hips, and rubbing my now moist pussy lips along the length of his rock hard cock, not letting him inside yet, but triggering another failed orgasm attempt. As I did I used my powers to reach into his mind and manipulate his dreams.

In the dream, I stood up and looked down at Ben with a wicked grin. He looked up at me, confused as I stood over him, straddling his body. And then, I began to grow. Ben's eyes went wide as I grew taller and taller, becoming a giantess, until I was so large, his body was only half the length of my foot. I bent down, and with a devilish laugh, I picked him up and proceeded to push him inside my pussy. Ben cried out in arousal and fear as his entire body was swallowed up by my vaginal walls, hot, slick, and squeezing him with enormous strength.

As I slid him inside myself in the dream, so too did I finally slide his cock into me in the waking world. Ben's mind and body whirled with overwhelming, overlapping sensations. The pleasure of his teased cock being inside my pussy, mixed with the fully body squeezing of being inside my giant self in the dream, flooded his mind with arousal and desire and the sensation of being completely, utterly overpowered. He was helpless, a mere toy, just a plaything for the omnipotent woman who had given him the gift of her attentions. As my giant self squeezed him in the dream, pushing him to rub himself along my vaginal walls and seek my g-spot, I slowly fucked him in the waking world.

I took my time, sliding up and down his cock with a steady, but sensual rhythm, almost like making love. I alternated between leaning back and maximizing the stimulation to my g-spot, leaning forward and grinding my clit against the root of him, or position myself into a crouch and bouncing at a quicker pace. My moans and gasps drowned out Ben's, as I took a good thirty minutes to work towards a bone rattling orgasm of my own. Poor Ben could only squirm and whimper as he tried again and again to cum, but was unable to defeat my block.

When my orgasm finished, I didn't stop. I kept on going, this time fucking him a bit faster. Another orgasm, and I went faster still. His desperation just made him hornier and more sensitive and it spurred his dream into wilder heights. In the dream, he was desperately humping against my giant self's inner walls, licking and kissing her g-spot, spurring my giant self to cum over and over, as her devilish, teasing laughter filled his head. In the waking world, he faired no better as I fucked him utterly senseless.

I spent nearly an hour working myself to ten more orgasms before I finally pulled off of him and collapsed onto the bed beside him. I lay there, cooling down, watching his cock still jerking and bouncing in frustration. Still feeling vindictive, I reached into his head and made sure his dream of being trapped inside my giant self would continue well into morning. Once that was done, I forced myself to stand back up. Normally, I would just sleep with him and leave in the morning. Were I in a more generous mood, I might even wake him with a surprise wake-up orgasm. But there would be no morning relief for him this time. And there would be no post-coitus cuddling. I was still upset. And even using him like this hadn't taken away the pang of hurt I was feeling. It just left me feeling emotionally drained and hollow.

So, I dressed and left, heading back to my own apartment, for once grateful that we never decided to move in together. I left Ben to suffer in his dreams, setting my psychic spells to wear off in a few hours. Meanwhile, I went to bed, and fell into a restless sleep.

CHAPTER THREE

The phone woke me up around ten o'clock. I'd only gotten five hours of sleep, but it hadn't been very restful, even after my powerful climaxes. I rubbed the sleep from my eyes and answered, already knowing it was going to be him.

"Hey," I said, a little sleepy.

"Did I wake you?" said Ben, a little apprehensively.

"Only a little," I said. "What's up?"

"Um, well, did you visit me last night?"

I thought about saying no just to fuck with him, but I wasn't feeling all that playful. "I did, yes. I was feeling horny, but you were so peaceful looking, I didn't want to wake you."

I could hear him swallow nervously. "I see," he said.

"Is there a problem? Your genitals belong to me, remember? I can use them whenever I wish, however I wish."




"Oh, I know, I know. That's our arrangement." He went silent for a moment, then said, "It's just that usually you wake me up at some point when you visit."

I frowned. I don't know why I thought this wouldn't be an issue. I hadn't wanted to actually talk to Ben last night, just play with him. I opened my mouth to remind him that he was my plaything, I could use him without his input being required, and he should remember his place. But the truth is, I hadn't done it out of some desire for a new teasing game. I had kept him asleep because I'd been afraid to talk to him.

As I tried to think of what to say, he beat me to the punch. "Are you upset with me?" he asked.

Now, I swallowed hard, feeling another pang of emotion in my chest. "No," I lied softly. I caught myself and made my voice firm. "No, Ben. I'm not."

Even if I hadn't been psychic, I could practically hear Ben's frown. "Kat, please speak to me as a friend, not my Mistress. Are you upset?"

I sighed. "I don't want to talk about this right now."

"We need to."

"In a few days."

"But—"

"In a few days, boytoy."

That shut him up, though I could sense his frustration. After a few moments, he calmed himself down and said obediently, "Very well, Mistress." I sensed he held back the sarcasm, but could not keep a bit of stiffness from his voice. "That aside, Kat, I am very tense right now. May I please have an orgasm?"

I considered giving it to him. But I was still a bit upset. "You may masturbate," I said. "But you may not cum yet."

"Kat—Mistress... please reconsider. This is a little unreasonable."

That caused the pang in my chest to flare. Unreasonable? He should be grateful I was even letting him touch himself at all. It was not a treat I gave out very often, and this time I wasn't even going to make so I had to be watching.

"Let me rephrase that, boytoy. You will masturbate, starting right now, and you will not stop until you have edged ten times in a row. And you may not ask for an orgasm for another two days. Understood?"

"Kat, please!"

"Three days. Understood?"

"Kat—"

"Five days."

There was a pause. I could sense his cock was hard as steel, and his hand was already stroking. Pent up as he was, he would at least reach those edges very quickly. "Yes, Kat. Mistress. Understood."

"Good. We will discuss things soon, but I need time to think. Alright?"

"Yes, Kat."

"Alright," I said. "I will talk to you later, Ben."

"O-okay, Kat. Thank you. Good-bye."

I hung up right as his voice was starting to shake from the tension. I rolled onto my back and sighed, still holding the phone in my hand. I closed my eyes, but even though I still felt tired, I knew I wasn't getting back to sleep. My mind was too busy, whirling with thoughts. So, with a groan, I got out of bed, and dressed to go get some food.

Breakfast was acquired at a coffee shop a block down from my apartment. A little pricey, but I needed the caffeine and they made the best scones I'd ever had. I stared thoughtfully out the window as I ate, mulling over the situation, but not coming to any conclusions. As I contemplated, a blond haired young woman suddenly came up to my table, smiling brightly.

"Kat? Hey! You remember me?"

Confusion swept over me for a minute before it clicked. "Oh, hey! You're... uh... Andrea, right? From the... the Party..." I blushed a bit, remembering that night. A sort of monthly swingers party, where Espers like myself, and Mages like Andrea, played dominants while their boy toys and girl toys had to serve them, naked and teased. I hadn't enjoyed it very much, and neither had Ben, despite the scenario seeming to be something we'd enjoy. But that's where I first discovered just how possessive I could be.

"Hey," said Andrea. "How are you doing?" Her smile was warm and genuine. Truth be told, I hadn't had a problem with anyone at the party, except for Jasmin who had later forced herself on Ben. However, I hadn't kept up communication with any of the others I'd met there. I'd never gone back, so there didn't seem to be a point.

"I'm alright," I lied.

Andrea cocked her head to the side as looked at me, as if studying me. "Are you sure? You seem pretty bummed out." She motioned to the chair in front of her, opposite my side of the table. "You mind if I sit down?"

"Um... I guess, sure..." I could detect nothing but sincere beneficence from Andrea, but I really hadn't been expecting to ever see her again. The whole Party situation had left me a little skeeved out, and, if I was honest, Mages intimidated me. They didn't creep me out like Demihumans did, but the powers they wielded were in many ways far beyond anything I could possibly do. Still, retreating into my own shell to brood wasn't helping my situation. Maybe Andrea, another dominant female with powers, could give some advice.

Andrea's smile maintained as she sat down and leaned forward on the table. "So, I noticed you never came back for any more of the Parties. I want to apologize on behalf of all of us if we scared you, or made you uncomfortable." She paused, then added. "Jasmin told me about what happened between you two. I'm sorry about that, too. I'm not defending her actions or anything, but please understand, she really didn't mean either you or Ben any harm. She really just wanted to have some fun with you." Andrea let out a short chuckle. "I guess she thought she was going to get a protégé."

I frowned, but said, "It's alright. Really. It's not any of your faults. The whole thing just made me realize a few things. I'm just not comfortable with the Party situation."

"Okay, well. I just wanted to clear the air on that."

"Sure."

We sat in silence for a few minutes. I felt a bit awkward, compelled to say something, but uncertain of what exactly. Andrea just patiently waited, before finally breaking the ice saying, "So, if you don't mind my asking, are you okay? You really do seem down."

I sighed and said, "Ben's leaving me."

Andrea's eyes widened. "Really?"

I had no intention of telling anyone about this, but Andrea just had that air about her that made you want to confide in her. "Not like we've broken up, exactly. But he's going to be leaving in a few weeks for a job in Zoaheim. Well, he says it's in Iteru, but it's right on the boarder."

"Zoaheim? Wow." She seemed genuinely impressed. "I've heard the horror stories about that place. I'm sure it's all exaggeration, but still."

"Well, he'd be in a secure facility, on an island, not actually on the continent."

Andrea nodded. "I'm sure everything is as secure as they could make it."

"I'm sure."

"Okay. So what's the problem?"

I sighed. "I don't want him to leave me. Not that far away, not for that long." I swallowed and looked down, feeling a flush of shame. "He's mine. I don't want to let him go."

"Sounds like you love him a lot," said Andrea.

"But I don't," I said. "That's the thing. If it was love, I'd be okay with it. But this is different. This is just... possessiveness... you know? And that... that..." I struggled to say it, but Andrea was patient. Finally, I was able to force it out, "And that frightens me." As soon as I said it, it was like someone clicking on a light switch.

I wasn't just saddened at the thought of Ben going away. I was afraid of my own reaction to the news. I didn't want him to leave because he was my possession, and some part of me genuinely did not want my "toy" being taken away. A toy I realized I needed. I didn't just have fun when I used my powers on Ben. I reveled in it. To be honest, I don't know if I could even ever enjoy sex again without using my powers to dominate and sensually torment my partner. Ben was just so perfect for me in that regard, because he took everything I dished out in stride, and he relished what I could do to him. Even if sometimes I got a little too intense, in the end, it just made him even more enraptured with me. I was pretty sure Ben was never going to be able to enjoy normal sex again either, after me.

But Ben seemed willing to accept the possibility of us parting. He'd been psyching himself up for this trip for a while now. I had just put it in the back of my mind and refused to think about it. And now it was killing me, because I was being forced to confront something I didn't want to deal with. Ben, despite our relationship, wasn't just a toy. He was a person. Someone I was more intimate with, mentally and physically, than any one else I'd ever known. He wasn't the first boy I'd been in a relationship with, but he was special far beyond any of my previous flings or casual boyfriends.

With him, I had power, and I was used to getting exactly what I wanted from him. Not just my actual psychic abilities, but the power of a true Dominatrix in possession of a devoted slave. I had gotten so used to that dynamic, that the idea of something challenging that, that real life would intrude and take away my toy, shook me in a way I hadn't felt since I was a child. I felt like a little girl being denied her favorite doll. I felt like the world's biggest brat. But most brats didn't have the ability to mind control others with a mere thought. I did.

And what if that inner brat decided one day to just say, "NO! MINE!" the next time someone tried to deny me my fun? What if the brat won over my better judgment and I did exactly what I wanted, seized someone's mind and truly forced them to do something against their will? Once I took that step, how quickly would it snowball, until I started hurting people and not caring, until I had an S.O.S. kill squad after my head?

So many issues all balled up into an aching pang in my chest. But looking at Andrea, I could tell she understood. She was a Mage. She knew exactly what I was talking about. I somehow couldn't imagine Andrea giving into the corruption of power, but even she had to be tempted at some point. Even she had had to deal with past failed relationships, knowing it was better to let them go than to use her powers to force them to continue.

I felt a little better now. "Thanks, Andrea." I gave her hand a squeeze. "You have a way with words."

She chuckled. "I barely said anything, but I'm glad if I could help." She reached over and took my hand. "I know we don't really know each other, but if you need someone to talk to, I can give you my number, or my e-mail."

I thought for a moment, a little guarded, but telling myself not to be so insular. I nodded, saying, "Yeah, I'd like that. And, um, tell the others I'm not mad or anything." I paused. "And tell Jasmin that... well, tell her I'm sorry if there was any misunderstanding, but also tell her she needs to be more careful with people."

Andrea smiled. "I think she learned that lesson already, but I'll pass the message along. And Kat, if you ever want to just hang out, not the sex party thing, but you know, I'm sure a lot of us would be open to it. From what I understand, you don't usually associate with any other Espers or Mages."

I frowned, but nodded. "I, um, I don't. I dunno, I mean aside from my brother, I just never did growing up."

Andrea nodded. "I didn't know any other Mages, either, until I came to college. But the thing about being the only Mage, or Esper, around is you end up getting a skewed perspective on things."

I frowned. "Skewed perspective, huh?"

Andrea nodded. "Please don't take offense. I don't mean to say you start going crazy or anything. But in a way, it can get lonely. Unless you don't have a choice, you really should meet with other people who are in a similar position. It helps ground us all." She paused. "Do you even know any Demihumans?"

I tensed. "Demihumans creep me out."

Andrea chuckled. "That's a shame. One of the sweetest guys I know is a Rouccuan." She lowered her voice and blushed slightly. "And let me tell you, you don't know what sex is until you've been ravished by one."

I jerked back instinctively. "Ugh!" I muttered. Of course, then I remembered, I'd given Ben intense fantasies of being fucking the exotic, cat-like Rouccuan not too long ago. But I'd been braced for it then, I guess, and it had been done to tease him.

Andrea smirked, but said, "Alright, sorry. But I'm just saying. Don't box yourself in with only your boytoy to play with. And don't be afraid of us."

I frowned again, but nodded. "Thanks," I said. We exchanged numbers, and Andrea even gave me a quick hug before she left. I watched her go, mulling over her words. Things were starting to click into place for me.

She was right. I was afraid. This whole mess wasn't just about Ben. It was about my sense of control. Other than my brother Bobby, whom I had become distant from since we were teens, I had grown up as basically the only superhuman I'd known. And I'd kept those powers bottled up forever. I mean, I used them, sure, but never on the level of how I used them with Ben. In fact, if it weren't for Ben, I don't think I'd be even half as skilled with my gifts as I was now.

I'd gone so long just using my powers lightly, making things just a bit easier for myself. Getting to know Ben, I'd suddenly begun to embrace them, reveled in them. I didn't abuse them, mind. Ben was the only one I really ripped into. But I did catch myself being a bit more free with my abilities, reading people's surface thoughts before they even opened their mouths, so I'd be prepared for what they were about to say. Sneaking glimpses of people's knowledge in order to get directions without having to ask, or perhaps, to get "help" with a particularly tricky school project. There were even a few times when, if I saw someone walking down the street who intimidated me, I might psychically push them to ignore or stay away from me, because it was easier than actually crossing to the other side of the street myself.

Despite my self-discipline, I was getting used to getting my way. With Ben, the things I did to him were only excusable because he genuinely wanted it, but even then, I kept pushing things, perhaps a bit too far once in a while. I knew there were points where I made him hurt. He always forgave it or seemed to forget it once he was adrift in the euphoria of orgasm and the afterglow that followed, but that was just the effects of sex on the male mind. In the heat of the moment, I knew I could get violently aggressive with my playing.

And then Jasmine came along. Jasmine was another Esper, who'd wanted to include me and Ben into her circle of swingers. And while she'd pushed herself onto us, me in particular, she hadn't really intended to hurt us or do something against our will. She was just using an aggressive approach, like I had done with Ben. And she'd also been stronger than me. One drunk night, I'd let her take control over me, and Ben. And the next morning, I'd lost my shit over it. To her credit, when Jasmine realized how far she'd overstepped her bounds, she immediately stopped and left. I still felt sore over it, but I supposed I could forgive her. I'd be a hypocrite if I couldn't.

But Jasmine had frightened me. It was the first time I'd actually met someone who I knew could beat me if we tried to match our powers against each other. And she could probably have kicked my ass in a physical fight as well; I'd seen her naked, and she had the body of an athlete. And then, I'd been at the party, where'd I'd seen the powers of all her Mage friends. And while the Mages had all been nice and polite, I couldn't help but fear them a little as well. Plenty of Mages, if what I'd heard was true, were capable of blocking the power of an Esper, and their powers were far more outlandish and potent.

Andrea was right. Beings like us were rare, but we were out there. And when you were one of them, and you were the only one you knew for most of your life, you started feeling like a big fish in a little pond, in ways no non-powered person could really understand. Even if you didn't abuse your powers at all, just the fact that you had them tended to separate you from everyone else. Some small part of you believed that yes, you really were an exception. That, if nothing else, you inherently have less to fear from the world than most other people. Anyone wants to screw with you? You just cast a spell or use a bit of mind control, and they're no longer a threat. You get a sense of freedom like few people have. It gives you confidence. It gives you control.

And then suddenly, you meet someone else whose powers blow yours out of the water. And then you meet a bunch of other people who can do things you couldn't even image were possible. And then you realize there are millions of people out there who could break you in half before you could even start thinking to make them stop. You realize you don't have control anymore. You never really did. Which means you were never any safer than anyone else. You were never really better than anyone else. You have a slight advantage, but you're still a tiny fish in a tremendous ocean.

So what did I have to anchor that anxiety? Did I embrace the companionship of others with similar advantages? Did I try to come to an understanding with them when we came into conflict? Did I even bother training to make myself stronger, so I could meet with them on an even level?

No. I pushed them away. Kept to my own little corner. With only my precious plaything, my dear boytoy, who let me do anything I wanted to him, because he loved it. And I loved doing it. But even since that meeting with Jasmine, I had become more and more intense. More possessive. I realized it was no longer just about fun with me. It was about hanging onto him because he made me feel powerful. And when he finally got up and said no to me, I panicked.

I let out a sigh as I processed all of this in my head. My scones sat half-finished as I nursed a cooled half-cup of coffee. I don't want to make it sound like I spent every day agonizing over my place in the world, terrified of every shadow. I'm hardly the most outgoing person in the world, but I went about my days just fine, talking with others, working on my schoolwork, doing the occasional part time job. Everything I had just processed was all deep subconscious mental baggage that I never even gave much thought before. But now that I was dredging it up, I could see how it had started to affect my outlook on life.

Maybe it was time to change all that. And the first step was going to have to be learning to let go. I didn't want Ben to leave. I know part of him didn't either. But we could not stay as horny college students fucking around every other week forever. Life moves steadily on. Ben was looking towards the future. Even if he weren't going for this job or apprenticeship or whatever to Zoaheim, we were graduating soon, and then so-called "real life" was going to interfere anyway, as we tried to find careers and places to live.

Well, there was a chance Ben and I could still have a life together. But not like this. This nice little Mistress/slave relationship was, if nothing else, going to have to be put on prolonged pause before we could even consider letting it continue. And I had to begin that process now.

FOUR

When I got back home, I closed my eyes and concentrated. I cast out my psychic senses and easily found Ben. He was home as well, sitting in his apartment about a dozen blocks away, surfing the internet idly. I quickly flipped through his mind to see if he was busy. Apparently, he had no real plans, other than to maybe go see a movie tonight, maybe go to a bar afterwards and chat with some Demihumans to practice some High Zoan. Good. I could make this last a while then.

I cast out my thoughts, and Ben's felt his cock get hard. I felt along his psyche and touch the familiar network of nerves and impulses within his body and brain. I telepathically started playing with the nerves of his genitals, causing Ben to feel the sensations of several slick hands grasping and stroking his cock. I could "see" Ben gasp as the hands did their work, rubbing and sliding and squeezing his cock lovingly, a couple hands going slow, a couple going quickly, one cupping and rolling his balls. The hands switched rhythms and grips frequently, never letting him get used to one particular touch.

Ben had not cum for ten days by now. After last the intense session I had given his sleeping body last night and the teasing masturbation I'd commanded him to do this morning, he was pretty much a hair trigger. As Ben gripped the edges of his chair, he moaned and his hips bucked as my phantom hands coaxed him towards an orgasm. In less than a minute, he thrashed and let out a moan as he reached the edge of climax. But I did not lift my mental orgasm block, and he writhed at the edge of release, unable to go over. After holding him at the edge for almost a minute, I let the hands drop. I waited for Ben to catch his breath and relax. But, just as his cock started to go soft, I set the hands on him again. In another minute, Ben was writhing and moaning trying to orgasm again. Then I let him relax for a moment, until he almost had himself under control, and I set the hands on him again.

I did this to him for fifteen minutes, before finally stopping, edging him twenty times in total. As I watched, I sensed Ben going for his cell phone to ask me if he could cum, before he remembered my earlier command. He was not allowed to ask for an orgasm for another five days. And he knew if he dared break my rule, I'd make him go even longer. So he held back.

I waited forty-five minutes, filling my time with some homework. Then, I reached out and set my psychic hands on him again. For another fifteen minutes, I cock teased him to another twenty-plus edges, before letting him go again. And then, after another forty five minutes, I set the hands on him again. I did this over and over, winding him up, edging him multiple times, then giving him a break. After the fourth time, Ben finally couldn't take it, and he tried to call me. I ignored it. He called and texted several times throughout the day, and I didn't respond to any of them.

I kept it up all day. Ben didn't make it to the movie or the bar, instead ordering a pizza and staying in, not knowing if I was going to stop just because he was in public. I would have. Honest. But it made me hot knowing his awe and fear of my power, and still not knowing, even after all this time, what lengths I would go to. And so, he stayed in. And so I teased him.

Fifteen minutes every hour for almost sixteen hours. By the end, Ben wasn't even going soft between edgings, and his edgings were coming so fast, I didn't even bother to pause between them anymore. My psychic hands just continuously tormented him with loving precision for the whole quarter of an hour. Ben was a writhing, crying, and whimpering mess by the time I finally relented, well past midnight, so that he could sleep.

Once I sensed him fade to sleep, I finally checked my phone. Thirty texts and a half dozen messages, several which had been while I was teasing him. I went to bed and as I checked the texts, I slipped a hand between my legs, slowly rubbing my pussy lips. I was already soaking wet from the day long teasing, but I had waited until now before indulging my own pleasure. Teasing myself as well, as it were, though not nearly as bad as Ben. Still, I hadn't realized how worked up I was until I actually flinched from touching my clit, feeling the electric jolt of pleasure when one is touched after anticipating it for so long.

I moaned softly as I rubbed myself and scrolled through Ben's messages. They were desperate pleas for me to stop, apologizing and begging for mercy. Not begging to let him cum, because but carefully pleading that I release him from torment. I felt an orgasm already welling up inside me, the warmth and tingle of building sexual pressure blooming in my core. But I held it back through force of will, not wanting to waste it on mere texts. I rubbed myself faster as I checked my voicemail and set it on speaker. I set the phone on the bed next to me and used my now free hand to clutch tightly at my breasts, pinching and rolling my nipples, even as I drove the fingers of my other hand deep inside me.

"Kat, please, mercy!" Ben voice was trembling and husky with lust as his voice messages likewise pleaded for me to stop the torment, to release him from my sensual sadism. Every cry for mercy spiked my own pleasure up even more. I was now gasping and moaning and writhing on my bed, as Ben had on his floor. And finally, when my voicemail reached a message where Ben's words broke down into whimpers, I couldn't hold it back. I orgasmed, hard, causing me to shriek and curl into a undulating fetal position. I used my own powers of myself to keep the sensations of my fingers going even when my movements became too jerky from orgasmic lock up. I had tears in my eyes as I cried out in unison with Ben's recorded pleas. I felt my head swim and for a moment, I actually blacked out. But the pleasure still consumed me, and I was roused back to consciousness almost as quickly as I lost it. I wasn't done. I paused only long enough to replayed the messages, and I kept going. I climaxed again, over and over, frantically rubbing myself for more.

Finally, I stopped from sheer exhaustion. FUCK. I hadn't cum that hard from masturbation in I don't know how long. But of course, it still didn't compare to riding Ben's desperate cock. As I lay in a haze of sexual euphoria, I cast out my senses once again to reach out to Ben. He was sleeping fitfully, tossing and turning in his bed. His cock was still furiously hard, and his dreams were a whirl of sexual innuendos and teases. I reached out with a thought, and caused the nerves of his cock to feel a phantom tongue lightly tracing the length. It traveled from the base of his cock, to the tip, swirled once around the head, and traced down, then back. Ben moaned loudly and jerked in his sleep. I reached up and found switch in his psyche that kept him asleep and held it down, keeping him dreaming even as my psychic tongue teased him. He'd stay asleep for at least another four hours, but when he woke up, his penis would feel like it was on fire with sexual tension.

Then, just before I drifted off to sleep, I sent a text to his phone, which said, "I won't stop until you make me."

FIVE

I was still asleep when Ben came into my apartment, slamming the door open and shut and ripping his clothes off. The noise woke me and I cast out my senses. I had just enough time to recognize it was Ben before he burst into the room, naked, his cock diamond hard and jerking. My phantom tongue was still teasing him. Still half asleep, I instinctively tried to send a telepathic message to make him wait, but he was too fast. He ripped the covers off my body, exposing my nude form. My pussy was moistening instinctively, sensing the lust coming off of him. He didn't wait for me to be ready, he just pounced on me.

I cried out as his cock thrust hard into me, going deep as he could with the first thrust. I clutched at him, but he grabbed my arms and forced them back. I was still a bit sore from last night's climaxes, but he was overwhelming as he thrust hard and fast into me. I gasped from the sheer force of him, and I struggled against his grip. But he wouldn't give me a moment to collect myself and fucked me like a jackhammer.

"Ben!" I cried out his name as I felt his cock surge and buck inside me. He was trying to cum. He'd been at the edge when he came in here, and the second his cock touched my pussy, he was trying to orgasm. He couldn't stop himself, he was in a frenzy of sexual need. I'd teased him to badly he was like an animal. At some point, I could have collected enough of my wits to mentally force him to stop. But I didn't want to. I let him overpower me in a way I rarely ever allowed him to before. And before I knew it, I was screaming and wrapping my legs around his hips, and begging him to keep going. I came and cried as I bit his shoulder in my passion.

"Make me cum," he growled, shuddering with desperate need. "Now! Now, or I'll fuck you clean in half!"

"Oh, Ben," I breathed. "You can't... beat me... that easily..."

He suddenly pulled out, grabbed me, and flipped me over. In his lust born adrenalin, he did this with such casual ease, I suddenly felt like a ragdoll in his hands. And then he was forcing my legs apart and I felt him thrust into me, doggy style. I cried out again as I nearly came a second time. He was lying on top of me, his body crushing mine to the bed. He buried his face into my neck, and I shivered as he sensually bit a sensitive erogenous zone. "Come on... you fucking bitch... you can't do this to me... forever..."

"You sure... about that...?" I gasped. And then he slid out, dragged me back and forced my ass up. He was now standing at the edge of my bed, while I was kneeling on mine, and he thrust back into me, his hips going into overdrive. I lost my breath and my words as I howled in pleasure.

This was one of the benefits of teasing him so badly. When he got this wound up, he was like a raging animal, fucking me with a passion no unteased man could match. He was practically snarling as he fucked me, unable to cum, but fighting with every cell in his body to defeat my orgasm block and force a climax out, using my body as a fuck toy to do it. While I usually reveled in the desperation I made him feel, got off on the sadism of making him suffer while I used him, sometimes it was nice to let go of the control, and let him take me.

And that's what I had to do. Let him take me. Give up the control. Realize it was okay to release him. In the moments between thrusts, I worked up enough wits to be able to reach into his mind and flip on the mental switch that let him orgasm.

Ben screamed and his body locked up, then convulsed, as he exploded into me. He was calling my name breathlessly, almost growling as continued to thrust into me, driving his seed deep inside. When his orgasm finally ceased, we both collapsed onto the bed. But Ben wasn't done yet. I had wound him up way to high. His cock was still hard and twitching and after taking a minute to catch his breath, he grabbed me, and mounted me again, thrusting back inside. Heedless of any post-orgasm sensitivity, for I'd made him experience much more intense things, he fucked me until he reached a second climax, bursting even more forcefully inside. He collapsed onto me, gasping, and I wrapped my arms around him and rubbed his back, sending soothing feelings into his mind to help cool him down.

"F-f-fuck," Ben said when he could speak again. He finally rolled off of me and lay there in a daze. His cock was finally softening, a tremendous relief to him. We lay there, both aching and tired. We didn't even cuddle, just lay next to one another, staring at the ceiling. Finally, after some time he looked to me. "Kat. We have to talk about this."

I nodded and faced him. "I know." I took a breath, composed myself, and said, "I'm releasing you from my service."

Ben blinked and looked a bit taken aback. "Um... well, I..."

I cupped his cheek with my hand. As I did, I telepathically slipped into his head. I carefully started undoing all the little tricks I'd done to him throughout our time together. I removed the psychic commands blocking orgasms, masturbation, and initiating sex. I undid all the little tweaks I made to his fetishes, all the little subconscious triggers that sexualized his dreams.

Ben seemed to sense these changes and his eyes widened a bit. "You really mean it."

Finished, I leaned forward and kissed him. "I know we aren't together like a real couple. I know we're not even really that close of friends. But I do care about you. I want us to still be lovers. I still want you to be my boytoy. But we can't have this ideal set up forever, can we?"

Ben nodded. "I told you, it's not like I'm moving away forever. But, well, I don't know where this job is going to lead me. And I'm sure you've got future ambitions that are going to conflict with that. And unless we were really planning on living our lives together..."

"Yeah. I know. Part of me wants to, but every time we've tried to be more than just fuck buddies, it just doesn't work." I sighed. "I don't know why."

Ben shrugged. "I think we fill each other's fantasies too well. You're my goddess, I'm your toy. It's hard to look at each other as anything else. Sometimes, I forget you have a life outside of playing with my cock."

I gave a short laugh. "Yeah. Same with you. I know we're indulging in the fantasy, but there's times I get to thinking you really are just my plaything. I don't mean in a mean way, just that, you're mine, and what's mine can't be anyone else's. Not even yours." I frowned. "I'm sorry."

Ben leaned forward and kissed me. We slid closer together and held each other. "All is forgiven. I'm sorry if I ever gave you undo stress, too."

"Nah," I said. "You were perfect. I just got myself all worked up."

"So, I still got a few weeks. What do you want to do until then?"

I thought it over. "Well. I'm not sure. On the one hand, I think we should start seeing less of each other, kind of wean ourselves off one another. See other people. On the other hand, I think we should fuck as much as possible while we still can."

Ben laughed. "How about we compromise, and hook up more casually. We can still be kinky, but this time, let's be less intense about it. Like, maybe not wind me up so badly again."

I chuckled. "Sure thing."

"Seriously, if you wind me up that bad again, you're gunna put me in the hospital!"

"I know," I said. And then I grinned. "Oh, though, there's a thought. You stuck in a hospital, a room all to yourself, permanently hard and unable to cum. And all the hot young nurses see your poor cock and can't help but play with it. And then I come visit you every couple of days just to tease you up some more, punishing you for letting those other women touch my toy. And that just makes the nurses even more eager to play with it! Such a vicious cycle, and you'll probably never, ever cum again!"

"Kat!" Ben said. He was tense, and his cock was steely hard again. He wasn't nearly done after all.

"Well, well. Look at that." I grinned at him. "You sure you can handle another so soon?"

He smirked. "Guess you're going to find out." He started to push me onto my back, but I put a hand to his chest to stop him.

"Not so fast," I said. "We have all day. Why not one more intense session, for old time's sake?"

Ben swallowed nervously. "Do we have to?"

"Or you could go home and just masturbate."

Ben frowned. "Come on, that's not fair."

"I know. But it's fun."

Ben's cock twitched in agreement, and we both looked at it. I giggled, and Ben had to admit I was right. He stuck his tongue out at me. "You suck, Kat."

"Yes, I do," I said, with a giggle. I pushed Ben onto his back and made a show of licking my lips. As I lowered down to take his stiff organ into my mouth, Ben felt me reach in and flick his orgasm switch to "off" once more, sealing away his climax, if only temporarily this time.

END

