My Secret Lover Ch. 01
byFairytaleBaby©

All participants in the story are over the age of 18. This is intended for those who like BDSM stories centered around DDlg. This is NOT a tale of incest!

** This first chapter is not erotic I apologize, I wanted to give you guys a storyline first. From this point on though all chapters in this story will be erotic.

*****

I rolled over in my bed reaching over to turn my alarm off. It was time to get ready for another day at school. I honestly couldn't wait for my senior year to be over, the life waiting for me after graduation was more thrilling. Unplugged my phone from the charger, I brought the little screen to life.

It was the one thing I looked forward to the most in the mornings, a message from him. Sure enough one unread message from Daddy.

Good morning Beautiful, I wish I was there to hold you and kiss you. But that will all come within time. Have a great day at school and know I'm thinking of you.

Oh and remember be a good little girl for Daddy.

I smiled while reading it, then blushed remembering what he had me do to myself the previous night. Daddy was what I called him, but we weren't related in any way. I had met Gabriel on a college tour I was attending. After we exchanged numbers and talked awhile he finally told me about him being a Daddy dom. I had never heard of such a thing, let alone knew I was a hidden little. Gabriel helped bring out my inner little, and I would never be the same.

I typed up a quick response before sitting up in bed, "I love you."

I took a shower and got dressed, the mornings were always tedious in my house. My parents were super strict about everything including what I wore. For that reason, Gabriel and I's relationship was kept a secret. My parents would give me a hard enough time if they found out I was dating someone. Let alone I couldn't imagine what they would do if they found out the type of relationship I was in.

I stepped out of my room heading into the living room, I knew my mother would be there waiting to check my clothes and backpack. I felt like a prisoner, I knew Gabriel was like a father figure, but he did things out of love and treated me like his equal. My parents, however, acted out of control, they feared anything that could possibly embarrass the family name.

"What's under your sweatshirt?" My mother asked.

I pulled it up knowing an answer wouldn't have been efficient enough. "Just my future college shirt mom."

She gave an approving nod to my outfit, which let me know I was allowed to leave. I was allowed to drive and that little bit of freedom felt so good. Of course I knew they had a tracking device on my car, but still, I could drive. My parents were so proud that I was going to attend Princeton University, but little did they know that's where Gabriel taught. He was 24 years old and was pursuing his masters in business. I, on the other hand, was only 18 years old and just about to graduate high school.

I ordered my Bluetooth to call Gabriel wanting to hear his voice like I did on every drive to school.

"Good morning Babygirl."

I blushed hearing his deep morning voice.

"Good morning Daddy, I'm on my way to school."

"Same here princess, I have a student coming in for an early office meeting."

"When I am there will you come into work early just to see me?" I asked teasing him.

He chuckled, "no baby..."

"But.." I said audibly pouting

Before I could say anything else he interjected.

"I won't need to come in early because you will be in my bed where you belong, next to me. "

I blushed turning beet red, "Yes Daddy."

My parents thought I was going to live in a dorm, but that was only slightly true. My stuff would be there, but I would spend most days and nights at Gabriel's. Since I wasn't paying for my education, I still had to follow my parent's wishes even after high school.

"How did you sleep?" Gabriel asked.

"Last night was amazing Daddy, I slept so peacefully."

Often Gabriel and I would stay up all night talking, the night would usually end with him whispering dark nothings to me. Then he would tell me how to touch myself, and I would pretend it was him. We had been able to be physical a small handful of times, but it was never enough for me.

"Good Daddy is happy to hear that, especially since I know how stressed you were yesterday."

I frowned remembering the fight with my parents. So much fuss was given over something so small. I had failed to return a library book in time before being charged a small penalty. I offered to pay the dollar penalty, but my parents yelled at me saying it had nothing to do with the money. Then they went on to call me irresponsible, selfish and childish. I cried so much last night and called him needing his comfort. Even though his words were sweet I knew hidden in his tone he was furious. Not with me of course, but furious at my parents for their harsh words.

I had come to learn a lot about myself during Gabriel and I's relationship. I learned that as a little I was very sensitive, any name calling such as slut or whore made me bust out in tears even if said during intimacy. I needed constant reassurance of his love, which he always made sure to give me. I also learned that in bed I had a feisty side. I didn't speak up at all in the real world, but with Gabriel, I often would sass him playfully. I also learned as a little how to embrace my childlike habits more.

"Daddy, I'm at school now, can I text you later?"

I could hear the warmth in his voice as he replied, "of course Babygirl, I love you and have a good Friday."

"Love you more Daddy"

I quickly hung up laughing. It was a game we played and I knew if I hung up first he wouldn't have the chance to argue back.

As I walked to the front entrance I felt my phone vibrate. "No little one I love you more... end of discussion."

I laughed out loud holding the phone against my chest. My laugh slowly faded though as I walked to my locker, there leaning against it was Derrick.

"Can you move please Derrick."

"I don't know, are you ever going to agree to go out with me?"

Rolling my eyes I took a breath if I gave him a scene he would only eat it up.

"No Derrick I've already told you I'm not interested."

He pushed himself off my locker and was now close to me. It made me sick knowing he was so close, Daddy wouldn't like it either. I took a step back to distance myself but Derrick only followed.

"Come on baby you know your parents wouldn't mind."

He wasn't wrong about that, as strict as my parents were they were surprisingly gung-ho about Derrick and I. His Dad was CEO of a financial advisor company, and his mom was a well-acclaimed author. My parents referred to his family as the untapped potential. Meaning if we dated it would only benefit my parent's company even more.

I couldn't tell him the truth about me being taken because he would bring it up to my parents.

So instead I replied, "that's the whole point, was kind of hoping to date a drug dealer." "That will really show my parents wouldn't it." "I guess you're just too perfect for me."

I became aware that I was against the lockers and once again Derrick was dangerously close.

"I'm not as good as you think Elizabeth."

I rolled my eyes pushing him back, "still not interested."

I stormed off not caring if I was still carrying my backpack. I went to my first-period class, I was the first one there so I pulled out my supplies. The next 45 minutes seemed to drag on, but at least my least favorite subject was over history. I took a quick trip to my locker to put away my books before heading to my favorite subject Advanced English. We were currently studying Romeo and Juliet, it definitely wasn't my favorite story but none the less I enjoyed it.

Taking my usual seat I pulled out my notebook preparing myself for any notes. Just then my phone buzzed in my pocket. I smiled reading his name then opened the message.

"My bounty is as boundless as the sea,

My love as deep; the more I give to thee,

The more I have, for both are infinite.

-William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet

He always knew how to make me smile, I typed up my response then silenced my phone as the class settled. I knew my response would be followed by a flirtatious text later.

"O Romeo, Romeo, wherefore art thou Romeo?"

The final school bell rang and I let out an excited sigh. Gathering my things I walked to my car sending Gabriel a text letting him know I was out just like always. When I reached my car though I screamed dropping my bag, it was Gabriel!

"Gabriel!"

I ran to him before jumping into his arms. People were around so I called him Gabriel out loud, but once I was in his arms I leaned into his ear and whispered: "hi daddy."

I felt his arms squeeze me in a strong embrace, "how was your day little one?"

"It's perfect now that you are here, by the way why are you here?"

"I just really missed my sweet girl, and I wanted to see you and check up on you."

My face was pink from all the excitement, and I was about to kiss him when I heard someone interrupt.

"Elizabeth who is this?"

I almost fell from surprise, turning around I saw Derrick. This wouldn't end well for him if he tried anything in front of Gabriel.

"Derrick this is Gabriel, he is umm.. a friend of my parents." "Gabriel this is .."

Derrick interjected cutting me off.

"I'm Derrick Elizabeth's boyfriend."

I filled with rage, but before I could say anything I felt Daddy's hand graze against my back softly. It was his way of telling me to calm down and not to worry. I bit my lip looking down at the ground, I was becoming nervous.

"Boyfriend huh? How long if you don't mind me asking?"

"Well future boyfriend that Is, and one-day husband."

I saw Daddy's jaw clench and recognized that Derrick had hit a soft spot. It was one thing to have lied and said he was my boyfriend, it was another thing to say he was going to marry me one day.

I couldn't hold in my anger anymore, and I felt the need to mark myself as Gabriel's.

"Derrick go shove off, we're never going to date and I'll never marry you."

Derrick scoffed then stormed off, I could swear I heard him say "we'll see about that."

With Derrick gone I turned to Gabriel, "Daddy he was lying I would never..."

Before I could finish my sentence I felt myself being pulled against his chest.

"Shh Babygirl I know."

I forgot where I was the moment he wrapped his arms around me, standing up on my tippy toes I pecked his lips.

Daddy returned my peck with a soft kiss, teasing my lips not letting me devour his mouth the way I wanted.

"How long has he been doing that Elizabeth?"

Daddy used my name even though there was nobody in sight. I didn't know whether to be sad or scared.

"My whole life" I answered.

Daddy's eyebrow raised, "Let me explain Daddy, we grew up on the same street." "As we got older my parents and his parents started to see the benefit they would get if we dated." "Luckily for Derrick, he had no problems with this plan, but I did and still do."

"Does he always do things like that?"

I looked down at the ground again, I was scared he was mad.

"Yes, Daddy... but I always turn him down."

"Why didn't you tell me, Elizabeth?"

He was still using my name, I felt the tears coming. I was so scared that I had hurt or angered him. I didn't know what to do so I just let the sub in me take control. I found myself on my knees in front of him, still looking at the ground I quietly answered:

"I didn't want you to worry Sir, I'm sorry please forgive me."

I called him Sir not knowing if I was in trouble or not. I felt his strong arms pick me up and I couldn't help but look up at him.

"Babygirl it is my job to worry about you, and it is also my job to protect you." "If you don't tell me things like this then I can't protect you in situations like what just happened."

I nodded my head in response, he was still holding me.

"Now I didn't just come here to see you, I also brought you a present."

He set me down and I jumped up and down in excitement.

"Close your eyes baby."

I did as instructed and when I opened them I saw Daddy holding a green fluffy teddy bear. I squealed with excitement.

"I LOVE IT!"

I embraced him kissing him softly.

"Ok Babygirl you should be heading home, any longer and your parents will become suspicious."

"But Daddy..." I whined pouting my lip

"I know Babygirl" he answered back as he sucked my pouted lip in between his teeth.

A small moan escaped my mouth before I felt Daddy pull away.

"Bye Babygirl I'll call you later."

I nodded my head accepting the fact I had to leave.

"I love you, Daddy."

"Love you more princess, end of discussion."

I smiled then gave him one last peck on the lips before getting in my car. The whole ride home I was on cloud nine as I held my new teddy bear. When I got home I went straight to my room. Then pulled out the key that was taped under my desk, so I could unlock the chest hidden under my bed. It was the chest I used to hold all my memories between Daddy and me, which included any nonedible gifts he got me. I placed the teddy bear in there before turning my attention to my homework.

I hadn't been home more than two hours before I heard my parents call me down. This wasn't like them, they normally didn't bother me until dinner time. As I went downstairs I saw Derrick, my mom, and my dad all sitting down together. My belly Twisted in knots, I had only a minute to react before being seen, so I pulled out my phone sending a quick message to Gabriel.

"Yellow"

It was my I might me approaching danger safeword. It was to be used during sex when I thought I was approaching my limits, I didn't even know if it applied to this situation. But something felt uneasy and off in the air.

"Elizabeth join us." My mother instructed me

I made my way down the rest of the stairs, then joined them sitting down.

"Yes momma, yes Papa what is it?"

My mother spoke first.

"Derrick has come to us and told us you might have become distracted in your studies." "Is there any reason you think he'd tell us this."

I shot Derrick the coldest look I could before turning my attention to my mother.

"No mom I'm still top of my class."

My father interjected, "Oh cut the crap Elizabeth, who the fuck are you seeing."

That was my dad for you, blunt and insensitive. He didn't care what he said to me or how it made me feel.

"What are you talking about?" I asked trying to sound confused.

I was confused, but after my dad's question, I was positive Derrick had told them about seeing me with Gabriel.

"Cut the act Elizabeth, Derrick told us he saw you hugging and kissing an older man today."

I didn't know how to respond, so I didn't. I just sat there quiet hoping it was all a dream.

I heard my mom's voice again, "Elizabeth your father addressed you now answer him."

I couldn't hide the tears building up in my eyes, and Derrick was smiling. He wanted this, he knew what telling them would do.

"I can explain" I quietly muttered out.

"Go ahead and try" My father barked out.

I could feel my phone going off in my pocket, there was no doubt it was Gabriel.

"He's my boyfriend..."

Silence fell over the room and even Derrick remained silent. After a few seconds of silence, I saw my Dad lunge forward and he began running up the steps. I ran after him not knowing what he was doing.

"NO DAD STOP!"

I screamed as he busted into my room ripping things down. I was crying and screaming as I watched him tear apart my room.

"AFTER ALL WE'VE GIVEN YOU, YOU THINK IT'S OK TO GO BEHIND OUR BACKS AND DO THIS!?"

"NO DAD I'M SORRY PLEASE STOP!"

I was on my knees crying I had never seen my father act like this. Neither my mom nor Derrick tried to stop him.

"YOU DON'T DESERVE ANY OF THESE THINGS!"

As he flipped my mattress over I saw my chest come to light. It was now in the open, immediately my dad spotted it. When he picked it up and found out it was looked he abruptly turned to me.

"KEY NOW ELIZABETH."

I was frozen in fear at what he would discover in that chest. It wasn't just notes and presents in there, but naughty pictures of me and sex toys.

"I can't give you it" I finally said trying to muster whatever courage I had.

The rage I saw in my father's eyes after my comment scared me so much I fell back in surprise.

"If you won't unlock it then I'll just have to break it!"

With that my father flung the small chest to the floor, I screamed in response. Luckily it didn't break but it wouldn't hold up much longer. I mustered what courage I had and stepped forward.

"STOP IT NOW!" I barked out.

Immediately my father stopped and looked at me, there was no doubt he was shocked at my tone. I ran into the room grabbing the chest.

"You have no right to this, to my life or to me anymore."

I ran out of the room, my mother tried to reach out to me but I shrugged her off. My keys were still inside and my car had a tracker on it anyways, so I just ran as fast as I could holding the chest. It wasn't until I was out of my neighborhood that I finally stopped running, tears were still streaming down my face. I reached for my phone ignoring the text messages instead, I just hit the call button.

Immediately he picked up, "ELIZABETH WHERE ARE YOU!?"

I couldn't talk, nothing was coming out but tears and sobbing.

I heard him take a breath in then he lowered his tone.

"Babygirl I'm coming to get you, but you have to tell me where you are." "I know you are upset it's ok just please try and tell me where you are."

I took a deep breath trying to find my voice.

"I'm by the park near my house."

"I'm on my way Baby, stay on the phone with me." "Do you want to hear the story about the lost kitten?"

"yes" I whispered hoping he heard me.

I sat down under a tree and buried my head in my lap, I listened to Daddy tell me my favorite story which helped calm me down. Just as he finished the story I saw headlights pull into the park parking lot. I wasn't sure if it was him or one of my parents so I stayed quiet.

"Babygirl where are you, I'm here."

I got up and ran to his car, hopping into his arms I clung to him tightly.

"Shh now there, Daddy's here."

After a long few minutes of just holding him, I looked up to meet his gaze.

"Please take me home with you."

"Are you sure Baby?"

"Yes, I can't go back to my house ever again."

He was puzzled by my answer since I hadn't told him what happened yet, but he didn't question it any further. He helped me into the car and even buckled me up. I'm not sure if he thought I wasn't capable of doing it during this time or just felt like doing it. Either way, it made me feel protected, he drove me to his house in the city.

By the time we got there I had already fallen asleep. I stirred slightly as I felt strong arms carrying me, but then let myself fall back asleep.



My Secret Lover Ch. 02
byFairytaleBaby©

All participants in the story are over the age of 18. This is intended for those who like BDSM stories centered around DDlg. This is NOT a tale of incest!

**Hope you guys enjoy this story, as promised it is erotic.

*****

I awoke the next morning to the smell of coffee. Sitting up I remembered what happened the night before, looking around I knew I was in his room. I had never been to his house before, but it felt so warm and comfortable.

Looking around I took note of all the framed photos of me scattered around. Standing up I looked down to see Gabriel had changed my clothes, I was wearing my panties and one of his oversized shirts.

I slowly walked to the kitchen, when I reached the doorway I stood watching him as he cooked breakfast.

"Daddy?"

He turned his attention away from the batter he was mixing and focused on me.

"Good morning beautiful, come here."

I obeyed smiling up at him, as I stood in front of him I felt his arms wrap around me and pull me close.

"Good morning Daddy," I replied before kissing him.

I felt his grip tighten and he groaned into my kiss. Then I felt my feet leave the floor, he sat me up on the counter standing between my legs. Slowly he moved his kisses from my lips to my neck. As he kissed my neck I felt his hands skillfully lifting up my shirt.

"Daddy what about breakfast?"

"Oh, Babygirl I have my favorite meal right here."

I felt him unhook my bra before he sucked one of my nipples into his mouth. I drew in a sharp breath arching my body in response. It had been awhile since the last time we were physical. He skilfully licked, sucked and tugged on my nipples until they were pointing right at him.

Stepping back to admire his work he drew in a deep breath. I could see his thick member pushing against his pants, and I desperately needed him inside me.

"Please Daddy fuck me, I need you in me."

"Be patient little one, I want to savor you and this moment."

I could feel my juices gathering in between my legs, when he resumed trailing kisses down my body I let out a light moan closing my eyes. His mouth was right at my dripping wet sex and I could feel his hot breath against it. My lips spread naturally for him displaying how wet I was.

I started to squirm but felt his hands grab my waist steadying my body as he ran his tongue up my pussy finding my clit.

"Oh fuck yes daddy!"

He had barely begun but I was melting against his touch, he sucked my clit in and I nearly jumped off the counter in response. Holding me down firmly he continued to lap up my juices and suck on my clit. I knew I wouldn't last long, in bed I could alter my angles to make myself last longer but he was relentless sucking my clit.

"Daddy I need to cum."

My breath was becoming heavy.

"Do it Baby, cum for Daddy."

With his permission, I relaxed my body throwing my head back as I felt my orgasm wash over me. He kept sucking my clit prolonging my orgasm until I was trembling under him. When my body stopped trembling he released my clit and immediately pulled me in for a kiss.

Tasting myself on his lips and tongue was intoxicating. I was filled with a desire to taste him, slowly I slid off the counter and sat on my knees. Looking up at him I began unbuttoning his pants. I waited for him to give me a go ahead nod.

He smiled down at me and gave me a nod, pulling his fully erect cock out I admired it. I didn't get to worship his cock often so I wanted to take my time. I kissed the length of it, before pecking kisses on the tip. His precum slipped between my lips, licking it off I became obsessed with the taste, I needed more.

Opening my lips I took his cock in my mouth, I sucked in my cheeks as I circled his cock with my tongue. I had been watching a lot of blowjob porn and wanted to show him what I had learned. I cupped his balls and quickly took his length down the back of my throat. I was rewarded with his moans as I looked up at him, he drew his head back but then quickly returned to watching me at work.

My eyes filled with tears as I gagged on his cock, pulling away I took a deep breath then took in one of his balls. Carefully I sucked and licked it hearing a growl escape his mouth. Before I could return my mouth to his cock I felt his hand wrap around my hair and pull me up.

He swiftly turned me over so my ass and pussy were presented to him. My bare chest pressed against the cold counter, I felt his cock positioned at my opening. He teased me running it up and down my lips.

"Please, Daddy I NEED you."

My plea was heard and I felt him slowly thrust in me, he gave me a few seconds to adjust to him. My dildos were meant to help me be able to take him in, but he was so big. I winced in pain feeling the last of him push into me. Leaning over I felt his lips against my ears.

"Are you ok Babygirl?"

"Yes Daddy, you're just so big."

I felt him slowly pull out, my tight pussy held onto him and when he pushed back into me I let out a moan. His slow strokes became rhythmic and I began to push against him needing more. Reading my body he sped up his pace grabbing my waist. His thrusts became more powerful, I was moaning with every thrust. As I felt my body build with an orgasm I moaned out.

"I need to cum!"

He slowed his pace and changed his angle, I whimpered in protest.

"Daddy please."

"Have you been taking your birth control like a good girl?"

I nodded my head yes in response and felt him slowly start to speed his thrust up again. Then his hand reached around and found my clit. Pulling me up against him I heard his grunts in my ear,

"I want you to count to five out loud then you can cum."

As I moaned out "one" I felt him thrust even deeper into me, and his fingers began circling my clit.

"Two" his thrusts were powerful and fast.

"Three" I was practically screaming in pleasure as I felt my orgasm approaching.

"FOUR!" I yelled out

As I screamed five I felt Daddy thrust into me once more filling me with his hot cum.

The sensation and warmth of his throbbing cock pushed me over the edge and I began convulsing around his cock. My pussy milked his cock and after my orgasm subsides I collapsed on the counter.

I felt Daddy pull out of me then pull me up to him. Turning me to face him he pecked my lips, still limp from my orgasm he held me up firmly.

"Mmm Daddy thank you."

"No, thank you Babygirl for being mine."

I felt his hand cup my face and I closed my eyes enjoying the warmth of his touch. Regaining some of my strength I wrapped my arms around his neck pulling myself into him.

"I love you, Gabriel."

"I love you more Elizabeth."

I nuzzled my head into his neck and felt him pick me up. I wrapped my legs around his waist holding myself there, closing my eyes I breathed in his scent. He carried me up the stairs and set me down, we were in his master bathroom. I watched him as he turned the water on and waited patiently for it to warm up.

"You take a shower my love and I will finish cooking breakfast."

"But Daddy won't you take a shower with me?"

He pulled me into him kissing my forehead.

"Not this time princess if I do we will never be able to eat breakfast."

I laughed knowing he is right, we would continue to please each other until we passed out from exhaustion.

He guided me into the shower and I closed my eyes feeling the hot water run down my body.

"Take your time, Princess."

"Yes, Daddy" I answered back

I took my time and enjoyed an extra long shower, after drying off I headed into Daddy's closet to find something to wear. I pulled down one of his button-down shirts and slipped on a pair of his silk boxers.

As I walked to the top of the stairs I took a deep breath in smelling the pancakes. I ran down the stairs filled with excitement and hunger, as I skipped into the kitchen I could see him prepping two plates.

"It smells so good!" I squealed

His laughter washed over me and I knew my cheeks were a bright red.

"Sit down Babygirl."

I quickly rushed over to the dining table and took a seat. When he put my plate down I giggled with excitement. He had made a smiley face with whip cream and chocolate chips on my pancakes. Taking his seat across from me we began to eat. I realized at that moment I had let myself fall completely into my little form.

As I sat on my knees eating my pancakes I felt peace, nothing could harm me when I was Daddy's little girl.

Daddy broke the silence bringing me back to reality.

"Babygirl I need to know what happened last night."

I swallowed my bite and whined not wanting to remember or talk about it.

"Elizabeth this is serious, last night you texted me yellow and I don't take that lightly."

I nodded my head knowing he was right, taking a deep breath I finished the bite in my mouth and began explaining to him what happened.

With every passing moment I could see his muscles clench up, he was filling with rage. I stood up and walked over to him running my hand through his hair, I hoped I could calm him down a little. He wrapped one arm around me but his grip was still possessive.

He scooted his chair out and motioned for me to sit on his lap. I did as he wished sitting on his lap, I could feel that he wanted to ask me something.

"Babygirl you are technically 18, I wasn't going to say anything but it has gone too far."

"It's ok if you want to stick with our original plan, but I want you to move in with me now."

He placed a kiss on my cheek waiting for a response.

"But what will I do for college?"

"You know my parents wouldn't allow me to pack anything."

"I wouldn't have anything but that chest I brought last night."

"Babygirl I know we don't talk about my financial situation much, but I can assure you with my parent's inheritance, there is nothing to worry about."

"I would pay for your college, you would live here with me and I would supply you with everything you need."

"Besides I get an immense feeling of pride providing for you, I want to care for you in every way."

I smiled liking the idea of not having to sneak around in college. I would be able to live with him, see him and please him whenever I wanted.

"I love you and I want to be with you." I finally replied

He smiled at me raising an eyebrow.

"Does that mean yes you'll move in?"

I giggled then nodded my head yes. He began to tickle my sides making me laugh and squirm.

"What's that Babygirl?"

Between laughs, I yelled yes and he stopped tickling me. He pulled me into a deep kiss and I could feel his smile against my lips.

"Do you know how happy you make me Baby?"

I blushed and shook my head no. Even though I did know I still wanted him to tell me.

Cupping my face he looked into my eyes.

"You make me unbelievably happy Elizabeth." "I can't imagine a day without you."

I blushed and buried my face in his neck.

"You make me the happiest little girl in the world, and I don't want to imagine a day without you either."

I heard my phone go off upstairs.

"Daddy, what time is it?"

"12 o clock why princess?"

"It's time for my birth control."

"Where is it?"

I smiled at him and jumped off his lap, I went over to the side table by the front door grabbing his keys.

"Daddy remember my chest came with two keys and I gave you one?"

He laughed getting the connection.

"Good place to put them little one."

I fumbled through his keys until I found the small heart shaped silver key. Unlocking the chest I pulled a birth control pill out and swallowed it. Usually, I would grab my daily pill and take it at school, rather than taking it at the house. Today, however, I no longer had to hide it.

I felt Daddy wrap his arms around me from behind.

"What else do you keep in there?"

I attempted to shut the chest quickly giggling, but he was too fast. He quickly stopped the lid and pulled it back. To make sure I didn't move he pulled me against him holding me firmly with one arm. Using his free hand he rummaged through the chest.

"Why am I seeing these pictures for the first time?"

I could feel his mouth hot against my ear. The pictures he was referring to were the ones I privately took of me in a Santa lingerie outfit. I was sitting in provocative poses, and looking at the camera. It had taken me all night to program the camera to auto shoot, and I was worried my parents would walk in at any moment.

"I was waiting for Christmas to send you them."

I heard a growl from his throat, then he bit my neck gently.

"Well, Christmas came early then huh?" "Because I'm taking these pictures."

There was no use in debating him on it, now he had seen them there wasn't any way to get him to give them up.

I giggled "I can't stop you even if I wanted to."

"Good girl, at least you know you can't argue with me." "What else do you have in here that I should know about?"

I shook my head

"Nothing Daddy just the toys and presents you bought me."

"You no longer have to hide these sweetheart, why don't you run and take your stuffed animals to the bed."

I squealed and reached for my stuffed animals, he held them both up high letting me go. I tried to jump for them but I still couldn't reach them.

He laughed at me, "what do you say, princess?"

I stopped jumping and thought for a second, smiling even bigger I folded my hands behind my back and swayed from side to side.

"Thank you, Daddy."

"Dammit you're so cute!" he said pulling me quickly into him.

I gasped at the suddenness but his lips covered mine in a kiss silencing my gasp. He lowered his arms handing me my stuffed animals, as he continued to kiss me softly. When he pulled away I quickly ran to the bedroom and put my stuffed animals on the bed.

Stepping back I let myself enjoy the splash of color it gave to the white and grey room. I could feel Daddy's eyes on me so I turned around, he was standing in the doorway smiling at me.

Just then my phone went off again, looking down at it I saw I had 10 unread messages and 30 missed calls. Unlocking the screen I looked at the messages first. Four were from Derrick and the rest were from my mother. Not knowing if I could handle my mom's messages I opened Derrick's messages first.

"Elizabeth, I'm so sorry! I had no idea that would happen."

"Elizabeth, I'm scared please tell me where you are."

"I'll come get you, I'm sorry..."

The last message was the most recent and was the one that had made me check my phone.

"Beth everyone is out looking for you, please come home. I'll protect you I'm sorry."

I scoffed rolling my eyes, he couldn't protect me. Gabriel walked over sensing my frustrations. Handing him the phone I let him read the messages.

"You are going to have to go home and tell them you're moving out Baby." "I will be waiting outside for you, but I don't need them filling a missing person's report."

Knowing he was right I grabbed my phone and sent a message to my mother.

"Mom, I'll be home shortly but I need to talk to you and Dad."

A few seconds after sending the message I got a reply.

"Oh thank God you're ok, everyone is out looking for you." "We will head back home and see you there." "I love you sweety."

My mom meant well, but she couldn't control her husband in the things he did. He would lash out and she would take his side knowing he was wrong.

I set the phone down on the bed.

"Daddy do you have anything for me to wear?"

He looked around the room before smiling.

"This was going to be one of your Christmas presents, but I'll give it to you early."

Christmas was still two months away and Halloween had just passed. So I was super excited to get a gift early. He walked over to his dresser and pulled out a shiny wrapped box. Handing it to me I ripped off the wrapping paper and opened the box. When I pushed the tissue paper aside and pulled out the material I saw a Disney dress.

Gabriel knew I was obsessed with the Disney princesses. It was a simple but cute black and white dress. The top was solid black, but the bottom was white with all the princesses sketched on it, and it flared out.

I jumped up and grabbed him.

"I LOVE IT!"

My sudden attack surprised him as he took a step back catching me. He laughed holding me up.

"I'm glad you like it."

I squirmed to get loose then quickly unbuttoned the shirt I was wearing. Slipping on the dress over my head I pushed Daddy's silk boxers down and spun around. I didn't have any underwear on but I didn't care. I could feel his stare grow hotter as I spun around. The dress swirled up and my butt and sex were out on display.

Suddenly I felt his hand reach out and jerk me to him. I giggled knowing he was turned on, I felt his hand grab my ass and I wiggled my hips against them teasing him.

"You're going to regret teasing me tonight."

I bit my lip and looked up at him, acting innocent I replied.

"Daddy, what are you talking about?"

Giving me a quick swat on my ass he replied.

"You know what you're doing Babygirl, don't play innocent with me."

"I guess you'll have to get two Christmas gifts early then princess, because I can't let you go out like that."

I squealed jumping up and down, his eyebrow arched and he crossed his arms.

"Oh don't think you're going to just get these presents and not thank me later."

"I did thank you Daddy..."

I tilted my head curiously wondering what he was talking about. I had a faint idea, but I wanted him to tell me out loud.

I felt his lips on my ear as he whispered.

"Yes you thanked me with your mouth, and later you will thank me with your perfect body."

I squirmed and giggled as I felt myself grow wet at the thought of what would happen later. I watched him go back to his dresser and pull out another shiny smaller box. Opening it up I pulled out a pair of black lace panties, they didn't show or hide everything, but it was better than going pantyless. I loved them, the only sexy underwear I owned was because he bought them for me.

Slipping them on I lifted my dress slowly turning around. I let him admire how they looked on me before letting my dress fall down to my sides again.

"Thank you, Daddy, I love these too."

"Let me get dressed too, then we will head to your parents."

I nodded taking a seat on the bed, as he got ready I read my mother's messages.

"Honey where are you?"

"He was just angry, he didn't mean it."

"Are you coming home?"

"Don't blame Derrick he cares for you, at least answer him and tell him you're ok."

"Please just tell me you're ok."

"I'm worried sick, we are all out looking for you." "We don't have to discuss last night right away just please come home."

I let out a deep breath, I knew it wasn't my mother I was mad at. But, she was the one that just stood there watching as my dad tore my room apart.

"Let's go Babygirl."

I stood up and held Gabriel's hand as he led me to his car. I could feel my gut twisting into knots, and made myself focus on the feeling of his hand on my leg instead. When we arrived he parked on the side of the street and I was frozen in fear in my seat. When he got out and opened my door I didn't even look at him. I felt his body shift and kneel beside me.

"I know this is a really hard thing baby, I am so proud of you."

"It doesn't matter what they say or do, remember I'm right out here and if you want you never have to talk to them again."

"But you have to be a big girl for me and do this."

I could feel tears swelling in my eyes.

"Shh baby don't cry."

He cupped my face turning my head to look at him.

"After you're done Daddy will take you out shopping for some new school clothes."

I smiled at him

"can we get ice cream too?"

Pecking my lips he muttered,

"anything you want."


He took my hand and helped me out of the car. Taking a final deep breath I pulled myself out and began walking to the front door.


My Secret Lover Ch. 03
byFairytaleBaby©

All participants in the story are over the age of 18. This is intended for those who like BDSM stories centered around DDlg. This is NOT a tale of incest!

**Thank you guys for all the support you have given me since the first chapter was posted. I am working on multiple short stories at the moment, and hope you enjoy those as well.

*****

I briskly walked to my front door, taking a deep breath in I began knocking. I wished Gabriel could be by my side, but I understood if my parents knew who he was they would try to destroy his career. It didn't matter that I was of age, or consenting or even that he wasn't and never would be my teacher.

My mother threw open the door and pulled me into a tight hug. When she finally let me go I could see her eyes were puffy and red. It was a sign that I knew meant she had been crying all night, and probably that morning too.

It really did pain me to know she was hurting, but unlike all the other times I wasn't going to give into what she wanted.

"Hello, mother."

"Darling we've been worried sick..."

She took a pause then continued,

"But you're home now so everything's ok."

Slowly making my way into the foyer I replied: "no it's not."

When I walked into the living room I saw my father awaiting my arrival on the couch. My mother soon joined his side. Before either of them could justify their actions I broke the silence.

"I'm moving out."

My statement was short and precise.

A dark chuckle filled the room.

"Oh, really Elizabeth and where the hell will you go?"

I straightened my posture staring my father down, he needed to know I wouldn't take this anymore.

"It doesn't matter to you anymore, I am no longer your property."

My mother interjected trying to calm the already tense situation.

"What about school honey... not to mention college."

Agreeing with my mother my father responded.

"You leave and we will cut you off."

"I know, that's what I'm counting on." I retorted back.

It was at that comment that my mother must have realized I was speaking truth.

"Elizabeth you CAN'T... you're still a child... my child."

I took a shaky breath in.

"I can and I will mother."

"You both proved to me last night of what you were capable of and that is not something I will tolerate for another 8 months."

Taking a step forward drawing strength from thoughts of Gabriel I continued.

"I will continue my schooling and take care of college on my own."

"You will no longer have to help provide for my schooling now or in the future."

Focusing my gaze on my mother now I softened my eyes.

"I love you both but I can't do this anymore, I'm not a child mother."

My dad stood up and I stumbled back in fear.

"Elizabeth you're not going anywhere!" he yelled out.

Thinking of my escape route just in case I prepared myself for an altercation, if it came down to it I would be prepared. I knew my purse was hanging in the foyer closet, in it I had my keys, wallet school ids etc.

"Yes I can father and I am." "You can do this the hard way or the easy way."

I knew I had to play a risky card at that moment. My father scoffed at my statement.

"Little girl the only way you're going to be listening to is my way!"

I took a deep breath in the name little girl made me cringe, it only held endearment or power when Gideon used it.

"You can do this the easy way by giving me all my legal documents right now... or the hard way."

I clenched my fists pausing before continuing.

"The hard way involves me getting the police and lawyers involved."

I raised my finger before my father could interject.

"Before you say I can't remember I am 18 and am technically legally allowed access to my documents."

"If requested you are not allowed to hold them from me."

I knew bringing up law enforcement would force at least my father to cooperate. He would do anything to keep their name in a high stature. If word his own daughter was taking them to court became known he would practically die of humiliation.

This time it was my father who stumbled back.

My mother gasped, "ELIZABETH how dare you."

Rolling my eyes I glared at her then at my father.

"Guess all those legal lectures you gave me paid off huh father?"

My question was rhetorical and I was now letting my anger take over, the timid girl they were used to was gone.

My father stormed off and I stood there standing my ground as my mother started to weep. I forced myself to look away not wanting to cave in.

When my father emerged again he was carrying a folder with my name on it. As he came closer and closer I felt my heart start to beat faster and faster.

Handing over the folder I reached out for it.

"Make no mistake, Elizabeth, you WILL fail out there on your own, and it won't be so easy for you to come back."

I pulled the folder from my father's tight grip matching his evenly hot gaze.

"I guess I will have to prove you wrong and don't worry I won't be coming back.

My mother tried to run to me but my father stopped her as I turned around and headed toward the front door. I grabbed my purse from the closet then walked out seeing Gabriel in the driver's seat of his Lexus.

I ran to his car needing to be near him, he opened my door from the inside and I slid in.

Monday at school was going to be a crazy one, no doubt with all the things I would have to handle. Between paperwork, address rerouting, ordering of new class books and speaking with my teachers I knew Monday was going to be the second hardest day.

But today had been the hardest and I had tackled it with courage. With Gabriel next to me I would be able to tackle that day as well.

He grabbed my hand tightly then revved his engine to life. I let myself fall into the seat but held his hand firmly needing his strength. It didn't take long to reach our destination and as promised we were at the mall.

"Ready to shop till you drop babygirl?"

I bit my lip finally sitting up.

"I'd rather drop to my knees because of you."

"Easy little one, you're playing with fire." He retorted laughing.

"I think I could handle you, Daddy," I replied smirking.

His eyebrow shot up and a mischievous grin formed on his lips.

"Oh but I've never had you all to myself for an extended period of time, tonight that changes."

"The only thing you will be doing tomorrow is lying around naked napping between fucking sessions."

My body squirmed at the promise of his words, swallowing the lump in my throat I grabbed the door handle. I heard him let out a deep chuckle as he too opened his door.

"Look at you, you're already ready for me and all I've done is talk to you."

I joined his side as he wrapped his arm around my shoulder.

"Daddy you're voice has always made me go crazy, hence why phone sex with you is so hot."

I pushed him slightly and he smiled kissing my cheek. Once we were in the mall I had to keep in mind I was only there to shop for school clothes.

"Go crazy Baby, but I must see everything on you and approve."

I jumped up with excitement, "Yes Daddy!"

After 4 hours of shopping at all my favorite stores, I had acquired a rather nice capsule wardrobe. It would be easy to build off later when I went shopping again. Since I was allowed to wear basically anything I wanted, my clothing choices were more revealing and flattering to my hourglass figure.

Every outfit I came out in made Gabriel clench his jaw, he would stare me down almost devouring me with just his eyes. He had never seen me in clothes so colorful and vibrant. With my parents it was strictly a professional or realistic wardrobe. With Gabriel however, my wardrobe could be playful, flattering and sexy.

I felt his grip on my waist tighten as I led him to the next store, Victoria Secret. Standing on my tippy toes I whispered in his ear.

"You can't rip these Daddy."

He spun me around quickly placing me in front of him, glaring down at me I froze. I could feel the heat from his stare on me, and his hands were firmly gripping my waist. Lowering his lips to my ear he placed a tender kiss on my neck. His kiss could be deceiving it was soft but I knew he wanted to ravage me right there.

"Are you telling me what I can't do little one?"

"Maybe" I replied biting my lip

His eyebrow rose and he silently accepted the challenge. He let my waist go and put his hand on the small of my back ushering me to continue walking. It was me this time that raised my eyebrows at him, but he didn't look at me.

I picked out a few pieces I liked and headed toward the dressing room. Just like he had been doing all day Gabriel followed me taking a seat on the waiting bench. Once I was in the stall I tried on a fiery red strappy push-up bra. My breasts were a C cup and needed no further enhancement, but I still liked them to look perky.

I felt the door to my stall open and I jumped back covering myself. When I saw it was Gabriel my hands automatically lowered uncovering what I had hidden. His eyes were hot and I could see the bulge in his pants emerge as he took the sight of the bra on me in.

Without warning, he spun me around pinning me against the wall. My ass was exposed to him as I was only wearing the black lace panties. I felt him smack my ass and I arched in response to the heated touch. Before I could say anything his hand grabbed at the hem of my panties and jerked back hard ripping them off.

I gasped in shock..."Daddy"

His tone was calm as he ran his hand up my bare back entangling his fingers into my hair.

"You don't tell me what I can and can't do little one."

Another smack came down on my ass and I transitioned into the submissive I was.

"One Daddy, Thank you"

My head was pulled back and I couldn't see his face, but I could tell he was pleased with my submission. It aroused him when I was feisty, and it aroused me more when he took control. Rubbing the spot he had recently smacked he leaned into my ear.

"Oh Babygirl you don't know how fun this is going to be for Daddy, you are mine do you understand me?"

I knew he wasn't just referring to the current situation, but also referring to me living with him.

"Yes Daddy"

"And what does that mean little one?"

"It means you own me and can do whatever you see fit."

"Good girl, now I think five lashes will do for now."

I nodded understanding and felt him begin to smack my ass. After each spank, I would thank him and he would briefly reward me with a soft touch.

"Five, thank you, Daddy."

My ass was reddened with his handprint and my sex was visibly wet. When he turned me to face him my eyes were hot with desire. Dropping to my knees I bit my lip silently begging for him to release his cock.

"Beg"

"Please Sir, I need to show you how good of a girl I am." "Let me taste you."

I was aware we had been in the stall longer than normal, but I couldn't control my desire around him. He released his cock from his jeans and I leaped forward gripping it. Instantly my tongue ran up the length and I looked up at him as his head rolled back.

I took deep pleasure in making him cum and driving him crazy. Slowly I slid the tip of his cock in my mouth and eased him down my throat.

When I had taken his full length down my throat I looked back up at him tears forming in my eyes. His hand softly petted my head then grabbed my hair holding me there. It was pointless to fight him even if I wanted to, so I closed my eyes and focused on not gagging. After a few second he pulled my head back and I gasped for air.

After catching my breath I was being propelled forward again taking all of him down my throat once more. This time I braced myself and vibrated my throat around his cock. When I grabbed his balls his grip on my hair loosened. With the ability to move again I began bobbing my head up and down the length of his cock. I could tell by his clenched fists that he was holding back any sounds.

I couldn't help but to want to make him lose himself, I looked up at him and found he was still staring intensively down at me. I spit on his cock and took a long slow lick up the length of him. I was rewarded with a growl and felt his hand entangle tightly in my hair again pulling me to a standing position.

"Bend over" he growled in my ear.

I did as instructed bracing myself against the mirror. Taking a look at myself I looked practically intoxicated. My eyeliner was smudged, my hair was ruffled and my eyes were heavily lidded with desire.

"It's beautiful isn't it Babygirl?"

He was staring at me through the mirror and I bit my lip silently begging for him to take me. As he plunged into me his hand wrapped around my mouth muffling the moan he knew would escape me.

His thrusts were deep and hard and my eyes rolled back in ecstasy. I had had him before but never like this. I had never had him so raw and demanding, but I loved it. I loved the way he made me surrender right there in a dressing room. I would always remember this moment and how freed I felt.

With my mouth still covered I couldn't ask for permission to cum, and even though I wiggled against him silently pleading he never let my mouth go. My body began to tense and I felt my orgasm approaching, he skillfully reached his free hand around and started to rub my clit. With that, my eyes shot open and I came viciously.

I moaned into his hand and felt my sex clenching his cock making him cum inside me. After what seemed like an eternity our breathing calmed and he pulled me up against him pulling out of me.

"Are we going to tell Daddy what he can't do anymore?"

I quietly laughed and shook my head no.

I was still watching our reflection in the mirror and loved the way I looked freshly fucked.

"Just in case it wasn't obvious I approve of this bra."

I laughed again spinning around to face him, pecking his lips I wrapped my arms around him pulling myself into him. He squeezed me kissing my forehead.

"Let's get out of here Babygirl, we can finish shopping tomorrow."

"Yes Daddy"

My Secret Lover Ch. 04
byFairytaleBaby©

All participants in the story are over the age of 18. This is intended for those who like BDSM stories centered around DDlg. This is NOT a tale of incest!

*****

We spent the rest of our Saturday night talking and laughing. It felt good to be with just each other for once without having to talk through a phone.

Around two in the morning we both succumbed to sleep on the couch holding one another.

Stirring awake I stretched out jolting up catching myself before falling off the couch. Giggling I rubbed my eyes seeing Daddy was still sleeping.

I hadn't had the pleasure of ever waking up next to him before, and seeing him asleep gave me a devious idea.

Climbing on top of him I flattened my hair. He was sprawled out with one leg elevated giving me easy access to what I wanted. Gently pulling his waistband down I bit my lip watching his cock emerge.

Even while sleeping he was semi-hard, I nuzzled my nose into his balls playfully licking them. When he didn't stir I felt a mischievous smile come across my face.

As I slid the tip of his cock between my moistened lips I giggled feeling him harden.

He was still undisturbed so I began to stroke him up and down applying a little more suction to his growing cock. He tasted so yummy and I began to feel my panties moisten with my juices. Sitting up momentarily I took off the t-shirt I was wearing.

When he woke I wanted him to see me naked, with my tits swaying and my mouth on his cock. He stirred for a moment groaning in his sleep as I returned my mouth to his thick member.

Wanting to fully wake him from his slumber I took him all the way down my throat.

A deep groan filled the room and I held him there in the back of my throat watching as he stirred awake. His head lifted seeing me the way I had planned.

"Fuck Elizabeth!"

Throwing his head back he stroked my face as I came up for air. Taking him a little faster this time he thrust up hitting the back of my throat.

His grip on my hair tightened and I closed my eyes moaning into his slow and deep thrusts.

I pushed back on his hand and his grip softened.

"Daddy I want to do this can I please?"

He smiled down at me then let my head go.

"Yes, little one show Daddy what you have learned from those naughty videos."

I blushed turning red, I never liked telling him I watched porn, but he knew I enjoyed it. I wasn't allowed to touch myself without permission, so when I would text him sexy pics he knew I was horny.

Most of the time I was horny because I had been watching porn or reading erotic stories online.

I lowered my mouth back down and took his cock in teasing the tip. He groaned but remained still as I fondled his balls licking his shaft from root to tip.

Sucking my cheeks in I began to bob my head up and down faster and faster.

He was moaning and the sounds he was making only fueled me to suck harder and faster. Gripping his cock I began to pump him viciously wanting to taste his sperm.

"Fuck baby I going to cum, keep sucking like that."

I closed my eyes moaning and took him in deeper with every thrust.

"Fuck yes, good girl, Daddy's going to cum in that pretty mouth of yours and you're going to swallow every last drop."

His words were sending tingles down my back just like they always did, grabbing my breast I pinched my nipple.

"FUCK NOW BABY, swallow it."

He thrust up filling my throat and I swallowed his cum licking my lips once he had released all his load. Sitting up on my knees I bounced a little feeling proud of myself.

Pulling me to him I wrapped my arms around his neck.

"Such a good little girl for Daddy, now it's your turn for your reward."

I giggled and gasped as he quickly pulled me down grabbing my legs and spreading them apart.

"What are you going to do Daddy?"

I began filling up with giggles.

"Oh, Babygirl I think you know what I'm about to do to you."

Kissing my bare stomach I squirmed feeling his stubble tickle me.

"Daddy that tickles."

He ran the tip of his finger between my lips parting them.

"Does that tickle Babygirl."

I gasped arching up to meet his touch.

"No Daddy, that feels good."

He made a trail with his tongue starting at my belly button and ending at my clit. The gentle flicks of his tongue were enough to make me moan his name as I urged him for more.

Before I could beg anymore he sucked in my clit inserting two fingers into my slick hole.

"OH FUCK DADDY!"

I began to pant grabbing onto the couch cushions and rocking my hips. He knew every spot of mine even though he rarely had a chance to prove it.

"Daddy I need to cum!"

He lifted his mouth temporarily but kept thrusting his fingers into me harder and faster.

"Do it, cum for Daddy."

As soon as he drew my clit back in I began to convulse moaning out.

"DADDY I'M CUMMING, I'M CUMMING ... I LOVE YOU!"

I felt a smile form on his lips and he slowed his tempo softly licking my clit as I began to tremble becoming sensitive. Leaning over me he dipped down kissing me making me taste my own juices.

"Don't you taste sweet Babygirl?"

I giggled and blushed burying my face in his chest. Laughing he pulled my face back looking at me.

"So full of giggles this morning huh little one?"

"I can't help it, Daddy, I'm happy when I'm with you and I've always fantasized about morning sex with you."

"Oh I'm nowhere near done with you little one, I've fantasized about taking you from behind in my shower since I first met you."

I blushed and covered my face with my hands laughing.

"Oh no, you don't."

Lifting me up he began carrying me up the stairs.

I laughed hard yelling out.

"Daddy put me down!"

He looked down at me raising his eyebrow making me smile and stop squirming.

"Yes, Daddy."

He hadn't needed to say a word, all he had to do was give me a certain look. I knew that look meant little girl if you don't stop what you're doing you're not going to like what happens next.

My silent submission made him chuckle and he finished carrying me up the stairs sitting me down on the side of the tub.

Gently kicking my feet back and forth I sat there waiting for him as he found the perfect temperature in the shower.

"After you Princess."

I giggled and stood up.

"Daddy you only want me to go in first so you can look at my butt."

I began to step into his shower and yelped feeling a swat come across my ass.

"Damn right, that's my ass little girl."

Daddy's shower had two shower heads on either side of the shower and jets that shot water out on the sides. It was a rather impressive master bathroom with the separate claw foot tub and double vanity.

I took the farthest showerhead and Daddy joined me under it pulling me close. If it weren't for the warm water hitting me at every angle his touch would have given me goosebumps.

"I love you, Daddy."

Smiling down at me he tilted my head back towards the water. As he placed a gentle kiss on my neck I heard him growl out.

"Mine."

Everything felt so perfect in his arms, nothing could harm me or scare me. No one could belittle me or control me when I was with him. My submission to him meant so much to both of us.

I never wanted to give up control because of my parents but with him, I submitted willingly before I even knew it.

Gabriel began to massage shampoo into my hair as I closed my eyes biting my lip.

To me, the head was the most sensual place on my body besides my sex, and Daddy took every chance he got to touch me there. It didn't matter if he played with my hair, brushed it, pulled it, or rubbed it I was a happy little girl either way.

"Daddy that feels so good."

"I know Princess, just relax and let Daddy enjoy washing up my perfect body."

Blushing I turned around with my back facing him to provide easier access. He continued to rub my head until it was completely lathered with bubbles, and I was drooling from all the sensations.

Guiding me with his hands he turned me around to face him and began to rinse the shampoo out. Rubbed my thighs together I felt a slickness form between my legs.

"My turn Daddy."

"Not yet, I'm not done."

I pouted my lip and felt him quickly turn me around pulling my ass against his hardened member.

"Oh, Daddy."

"When I'm done then you can have a treat, but do not move understood?"

"Yes, Daddy."

I watched from the corner of my eyes as he grabbed his old spice soap and squirted it in his hands. He didn't have my type of shampoo or soap yet but the idea of smelling like him made me grow with anticipation.

He always smelled so good and it never failed to make me wet whenever I was around him. Everything about him from his smell to his voice made me wet, which is why I often found myself in the girl's bathroom at school masturbating to him over the phone.

I let out a quiet moan as he began to run his hands up and down my arms followed by my belly and my breasts. It was so hard to not move, but I didn't want him to stop touching me. So instead I began to moan under my breath.

When he focused in on my breasts lathering them with soap my breathing faltered. He teased my nipples just barely running his hands over them before moving his hand to my neck.

Hie grip around my neck tightened making my eyes roll back.

"Daddy is going to fuck these beautiful tits and you're going to watch me the whole time."

I smiled and nodded my head yes since he was still grabbing my neck. Without ever releasing my throat he turned me around and guided me to my knees in front of him.

Maintaining eye contact the whole time I licked my lips egging him on.

Letting my neck go he grabbed my breasts squeezing them firmly. My eyes closed halfway then lifted back up remembering his command. I could tell by the fiery look he was giving me that he was pleased with me remembering.

I lunged forward holding my tits together as he slid his erect cock between them. I had never had him like this and he often liked to tell me how much he wanted to fuck my tits.

His thrusts sped up as he groaned watching me watch him take my tits. I was a little jealous of my tits though. They were getting so much attention and my pussy was beginning to feel left out.

"Don't pout little one, Daddy is going to cum all over my tits then I'm going to fill you with cum." "Every part of your body is mine to do as I wish."

His words only made my hunger for him grow as I felt the juices start to run down my leg.

"Yes, Daddy."

"Good girl."

I squeezed my breasts together more firmly and watched as he threw his head back momentarily before returning his gaze to mine.

"Stick out your tongue but keep your eyes on me."

I did as told feeling Daddy's member twitch between my breasts, jerking away his thick hand wrapped around his cock stroking it. I felt the first jolt of cum hit my tongue and the rest squirted all over my tits.

Pulling my tongue back in I tasted him closing my eyes.

"Mmm Daddy you taste so good."

"You've been such a good girl today Princess that I'm going to let you decide how you want me to fuck that pretty little pussy of yours."

I stood up jumping in excitement, turning around I pressed my hands on the wall and leaned forward. Wiggling my ass I felt the water run down my back. I loved it when he took me from behind, and he knew it.

Reaching between my legs he parted the lips of my sex making my knees buckle.

"That's my girl, already ready for me to fuck you."

"Yes, Daddy please I need you in me."

Moving in one swift motion he pulled my ass against him and thrusted into me.

"Fuck yes Daddy!"

His thrusts were fast and rhythmic and quickly I found myself approaching an orgasm.

"Daddy I need to cum, it feels too good."

"Cum."

One word was all I needed, throwing my head back I began moaning louder pushing myself back against his thrusts.

As he grabbed my throat with his hand I began to cum trembling on his cock. His grip tightened and I felt my breath leave me as he pounded into me harder.

I was every bit at his mercy at that moment, but I knew he wouldn't hurt me. I felt the pressure build up inside me as he rammed into my pussy one last time filling me with his cum.

Letting my neck go I gasped for air cumming again from the intensity of his orgasm. After our breaths calmed he pulled out of me slowly trailing kisses down my neck.

"Damn Babygirl, that was better than my fantasy."

I giggled wrapping my arms around his neck.

"I like making your fantasies come true Daddy."

Yawning I nuzzled my face into his chest.

"Come on baby, let's hurry up and get out so Daddy can cuddle you in bed."

My eyes grew heavy but I argued back anyway, I was having too much fun.

"But Daddy I'm not tired."

Chuckling he kissed the tip of my nose and began washing my body once more. Once we were both cleaned we got out wrapping ourselves up in towels.

Gabriel took the time to dry me off by hand then handed me one of his T-shirts before drying himself off.

"But Daddy I said I'm not tired."

He raised an eyebrow at me as the shirt slipped over my head.

"And I said bedtime, don't argue little one."

"Yes, Sir."

We spent the rest of the day napping and fucking just like Gabriel had promised. By the end of the night, we were both physically exhausted and very hungry.

"Pizza sound good Princess?"

I yelled running back into the bedroom.

"YES!"

"Pineapple and Canadian bacon right baby?"

I smiled nodding my head yes.

"What are you going to get Daddy?"

"Good ole Pepperoni."

Laughing I sat on the side of the bed that I had claimed as mine.

"You order the pizza Daddy, I need to call my best friend and fill her in on what's happened."

"Ok Babygirl, have fun don't take too long."

I grabbed my phone from the charger and made my way to Daddy's office. Sitting down I scrolled through my contacts until I came across the name Kyersten.

She was the only one besides Gabriel that knew of my lifestyle and what Gabriel and I were really to each other.

She had been my best friend ever since elementary school, but sadly in middle school, she moved to New York. We had maintained a stable healthy friendship through constant phone calls, texts, and video chats.

I was surprised to see no new messages from her, we never usually went that long without talking even if it was just a good morning text.

Hitting the call button I hugged my knees waiting for her to answer. I couldn't wait to tell her all the juicy stuff that had happened since Friday night.

"You are being directed to T-Mobile as this number is no longer in service."

I quickly ended the call confused then redialed her number.

"You are being directed to T-Mobile as this number is no longer in service."

I gasped staring at the phone but waited for a representative to pick up.

"Yes hi, I think there has been an error with my account, it's saying it's been disconnected."

"Yes that is correct Ma'am, our records show that the account holder disconnected this line at approximately ten this morning."

Realizing the account holder was my father I grew angry.

"Thank you for your time, Sir."

I hung up the phone and ran into the bedroom. I knew my father would eventually cut it off, but he didn't even give me a day or a warning.

As soon as I saw Gabriel stretched out on the bed my anger turned to tears.

He jolted up running to meet me as soon as he saw my face.

"Elizabeth what's wrong?!"

"My phone!"

He hugged me but was still confused.

"What about it baby, is Kyersten okay?"

"I don't know, my father turned my cell phone off."

Finally realizing why I was upset he began to stroke my head calming me.

"Shh, it's okay baby I'll get you a new one."

"Kyersten is probably worried sick about me, I knew he would do it Gabriel but I thought he would at least give me a heads up."

"What if something happened to me, my mother must not know about this."

"Elizabeth that what he wants, he wants something to happen and for you to have to crawl back to them begging for forgiveness."

"Why don't you take Daddy's cell phone and call Kyersten, you're right she is probably worried about you." "The pizza has been ordered, you just go to Daddy's office make yourself comfortable and talk to her for awhile."

I sniffled nodding my head okay. Wiping my tears away Gabriel pulled me closer.

"It's okay baby, this isn't going to be the first time they try to do something like this but next time we will be more prepared."

I hugged him tightly and watched him walk over to the bed grabbing his phone before returning to me.

"Here take as much time as you need Babygirl."

I pecked his lips then headed towards his office. Dialing her number I knew she would wonder why Gabriel was calling her.

They had each other's number for whenever they wanted to talk about simultaneously surprising me with stuff, or talk about my well being.

Only once had Kyersten used his number to cuss him out. But Daddy had deserved it, she was the only one I could talk to about us, therefore, the only one that could talk to him about me. In being so she heard the good and the bad.

"GABRIEL WHERE THE HELL IS ELIZABETH?!"

I smiled silently laughing I had been right, I didn't like knowing she was worried but it made me feel loved.

"Hey, Kyersten it's me."

The line grew quiet and I heard her let out a sigh.

"Well I'm glad you're okay, but since you are calling me from Gabriel's phone you mind telling me what the fuck is going on?" "I've been trying to call you all day but I just keep getting this stupid voice telling me the line is no longer in service."

"Ah about that, that's why I'm calling from Gabriel's phone." "Are you sitting down, this is going to be a long story?"

"I am now let's hear it."

I spent the next 45 minutes telling her everything that had happened since Friday morning, as always she was a good listener. Just the fact of knowing she was on the other line made me smile and calmed me down.

Once I was finished I waited patiently for her reply.

"OH ... MY... GAWD..."

I laughed feeling warmth run through my body.

"It's about fucking time you grew some balls, I'm proud of you!"

I laughed harder sitting up, she was blunt and to the point but I loved that about her. For so many years she was my strength, once I met Gabriel I leaned on him more. Nonetheless, she was the person that had taught me how to be sarcastic and flirty.

Her advice had come in handy more than a handful of times, especially with Derrick.

"Well thank you, but if it weren't for Gabriel asking me to move in I would still be there."

"Hun you're the one that walked into that room and dished it right back at your father and mother, not him." "I would kill to have seen that, guess the visual in my head will have to do."

I saw Gabriel emerge in the doorway and I pulled the phone away.

"The pizza is here baby, do you want me to keep it warm or are you done?"

I loved that he knew me so well, normally he would just tell me to get off the phone or go to bed etc, but he always kept in mind my state of being.

"Kyersten I gotta go, Gabriel ordered pizza and I'm starving." "You can get ahold of me on his phone, but I have school tomorrow so will call you once I'm home."

"Lucky goose, eat a slice of pizza for me and okay just don't wait so long to call me next time."

I giggled then hung the phone up skipping over to Daddy. We ate our pizzas then went back up to the bedroom to watch a movie.

"How does Cinderella sound little one?"

I jumped up and screamed gripping onto him.

"YES DADDY PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE?!"

He held onto me squeezing me tightly before sitting me on the bed. As he scrolled through his downloaded movies I began to blush.

All the movies he had downloaded were for me whenever we watched them together.

On days that I was having a hard time, or days when I had been extra good we would video call each other after my bedtime and watch a Disney movie together.

There were so many happy memories we had made while watching both Disney and horror movies together. Now that we were together we could make even more.

I recited the movie by heart as always which made him laugh, then fell asleep sucking my thumb while he played with my hair.

The next morning I awoke to Gabriel handing me coffee in bed. Sitting up I grabbed the steamy cup pressing it to my lips.

"Good morning Princess, time for school."

Taking a sip I let the warmth wash over me before replying.

"Good morning Daddy, do I have to go to school?"

"You already know the answer to that little one." "You have way too much to do today and I have a long day as well."

"Yes, Daddy."

He kissed my forehead then headed downstairs. I took my time deciding what the new Elizabeth was going to wear on her first day. In a way, it was like my first day because I was finally going to me.

I settled on a pair of ripped blue jeans and a flowy silk aqua blue top paired with tan strappy lace-up heels. Making my way into Daddy's bathroom I brushed my teeth and pulled out my cosmetics.

We had stalked up on all my usual cosmetics but still needed to go shopping for some hygiene and girly stuff. Since I didn't have a straightener or curling wand I used his blow dryer to style my hair giving it a little volume.

"Breakfast is ready little one hurry down!"

I grabbed my new aqua blue Michael Kors purse from the closet putting my wallet and school ID's in it then hurried out the bedroom. I felt so vibrant and playful in my new outfit.

I fought the urge to run down the stairs so I didn't fall, sneaking up behind him I shouted out.

"BOO!"

Turning around I laughed watching his jaw drop. A low growl escaped his throat and instantly his eyes grew hot.

"Maybe I change my mind little one, you can stay home after all."

I nudged his arms biting my lip.

"Daddy you can't keep me all to yourself."

Grabbing my wrist he jerked me to him.

"The hell I can't, you're mine little girl, MINE."

I giggled and wiggled my hips standing on my tippy toes.

"Yes Daddy but like you said we both have long days."

He sighed out squeezing my sides, he didn't like admitting defeat especially to me.

"Yes Babygirl you're right I did say that, but tonight you're mine understood?"

"I'm always yours Daddy."

Kissing me on the forehead he pushed me back gently.

"Come on baby don't want you to be late."

The car ride was filled with laughter as we went through our normal morning routine. It was beyond amazing to be doing something so simple as driving with him.

Pulling up to the front of my school I reached for my door handle.

"Wait, Princess."

"Yes, Daddy?"

"Close your eyes."

Smiling thinking he was about to kiss me I closed my eyes waiting for his lips.

"Open."

Pouting I opened my eyes seeing Gabriel holding up a phone.

"DADDY!"

I lunged over hugging him, he knew how important having a phone was for me. It was my only connection to not only him but Kyersten. Having a phone was a security blanket I always felt I needed.

"All your contacts are already synced and Kyersten has your new phone number."

"Thank you so much, Gabriel, this means so much to me."

Kissing him I felt his lips part and I moaned deepening the kiss. The taste of him was always addictive and I found myself growing wet as he nibbled on my lip.

Pulling back I licked my lips giggling.

"Daddy you messed up my lipstick."

"Oh really, because you kissed me little one."

The mischievous smirk across his face let me know he was turned on. Fixing my lipstick in the mirror I pecked his cheek and waved goodbye.

Just as I swung around after closing the door I saw Derrick storming up.

"Derrick not now, I don't want to do this here."

I felt the presence of Gabriel beside me and I relaxed a little. I was afraid he hadn't seen Derrick and would be gone.

Derrick gazed at Gabriel then back at me.

"YOU'RE GOING TO LET THIS PRICK RUIN YOUR LIFE ELIZABETH?!"

His voice had risen loud enough to catch passing classmates attention, but I was so angry at him I didn't care.

"NO, BUT YOU'RE PRETTY DAMN GOOD AT DOING THAT ALL BY YOURSELF AREN'T YOU DERRICK?!"

I was aware and thankful that Gabriel was letting me try to handle things while at the same time being there to protect me.

"This isn't who you are Elizabeth, snap out of it and come home I'll take care of you."

At that comment Gabriel stepped forward, I could feel the heat radiating off him. I could tell it was taking everything in him not to beat Derrick right there.

"I'm taking care of her, you are a pathetic little boy who doesn't know when to shut up, I suggest you learn when now and walk away."

Derrick scoffed and I grabbed onto Daddy's hand calming him slightly.

"You are just a convenience when Elizabeth grows some sense she will come back home and come back to me."

I interjected this time.

"I never came to you in the first place Derrick, I'll never be yours."

"What's worse knowing she'll one day wake up and realize I was right or knowing that when she does finally wake up I'll be here waiting for her."

I felt Gabriel's hand pull away as he lunged forward punching Derrick square in the jaw. I watched as he stumbled back gripping onto his jaw. Before he could lunge forward I leaped in front of Gabriel.

It was too late, Derrick's hand was already swinging and I felt the sharp blow to my side hit. I fell down feeling tears sting my eyes.

Realizing what he had done he rushed over to kneel beside me.

Before he could even touch me Gabriel lunged forward straddling him as he began to punch his face repeatedly. I was aware we had a growing audience but my ribs hurt too much to try to get up.

I needed to stop him, I could see blood on Derrick's face and it wouldn't be long before a teacher noticed the commotion.

"GABRIEL STOP!"

I watched as he swung again.

"DADDY STOP!"

With the realization that it was my voice he stood up towering over Derrick's body. My head fell back as the feeling nausea consumed me.

Daddy's arms wrapped around me picking me up then I heard Derrick.

"Elizabeth I'm so sorry."

"Shut up before I make you wish you weren't breathing, if it wasn't for her I'd still be beating your face in."

"Elizabeth baby look at me."

I groaned and turned my head to meet his worried gaze.

"Daddy I don't feel good."

That was the last thing I remembered before waking up in the nurse's office.

"Charges are not being pressed on either side, we would like to sweep this under the rug as much as possible."

I stirred waking up seeing Gabriel speaking with my principal. Realizing I was awake Gabriel rushed to my side grabbing my hand.

"How long was I out?"

"About 15 minutes."

"And Derrick?"

Daddy's jaw clenched and my principal Mr.Jackson intervened at that moment.

"He has been sent home for the day, Mr.Gabriel and I both feel filing charges would draw too much attention to you." "Especially since you are valediction and graduation is right around the corner."

I sat up on the bed feeling a rush of blood flow to my head.

"So what will happen then?"

"Well, Derrick will take a leave of absence for the rest of the week until he is presentable and you will take the rest of the day off to recover as well." "Elizabeth, may I talk to you privately in my office before you leave though?"

I looked over at Gabriel who was staring at Mr.Jackson.

"Yes sure, Gabriel could you wait here?"

I knew he would object so I squeezed his hand silently pleading to just wait.

"Yes, I will."

I smiled wanting him to feel the immense love I felt for him at that moment. Then stood up following Mr.Jackson into his office.

"Mr.Jackson why do you need to talk to me separately?"

"Well Elizabeth your parents called me Sunday to inform me of the situation you are in, then this morning this happens." "I feel like this guy is going to jeopardize your future."

I couldn't believe my parents called him, but what I couldn't believe more was that my principal was taking their side over a student's.

My Secret Lover Ch. 05
byFairytaleBaby©

All participants in the story are over the age of 18. This is intended for those who like BDSM stories centered around DDlg. This is NOT a tale of incest!

*****

Folding my hands in my lap I sat up straighter. I wasn't going to let someone micromanage me anymore.

"With all due respect Sir, my personal life is no one's concern but mine." "I'm glad my parents called you though, this way you understand why I'm putting in a request to remove my parents from everything on file."

"Would you like to clarify Elizabeth?"

"Yes of course."

Pulling out the small notepad in my purse I began reading off it.

"My parents are to be removed from any forms of contact whether by email, mail or telephone."

"They are to have no access to my files which includes report cards."

"I'm putting in a change of address request as well."

"Gabriel will not only be my emergency contact but will also have full access to my files."

"As far as my tuition Gabriel will be taking over payments until the end of the year of course."

Closing the notebook I folded my hands once more waiting on his reply.

"Well, Ms. Elizabeth I will make sure to get you all the proper forums, but are you really sure you want to do this?"

"Mr. Jackson if you had the choice between freedom and entrapment what would you choose?"

"I hardly think family is an entrapment, Elizabeth."

"Then you don't know my family."

"Well, then I wish you the best Elizabeth."

"Thank you, Mr. Jackson."

Standing up I let myself out of his office. Gabriel stood there waiting and I couldn't resist wrapping my arms around him and squeezing tightly.

Kissing my forehead he whispered, "Let's go home."

The car ride was silent and I felt Gabriel's withdraw which only made me confused.

"Daddy wants wrong?"

"Nothing Babygirl."

He wasn't telling me something and that always made me worried. Figuring playing around would get the answer out I turned to face him.

"Daddy one."

His head jerked to the side and I giggled.

"Little one don't start."

"Two."

He let out a breath pulling the car off to the side.

"Little girl don't you start with me, Daddy isn't in the mood for games."

"Yes, Daddy."

I sunk in my chair crossing my arms. Resuming the drive I stared off out the window. I hated it when he wouldn't tell me what was wrong.

I was angry and hurt physically and emotionally which distracted me from the realization that we had stopped.

"What do you want Princess?"

Turning my head to look at him, I noticed we were in the drive-thru of McDonald's. A smile instantly moved over my face and Gabriel grabbed my hand holding it.

"A happy meal please Daddy."

I knew he would already know by my actions, but if he hadn't known, then ordering a happy meal would have let him know I was in little space. It was my safe place when I was hurt or upset and needed extra love.

"Ok Princess."

At the moment all I wanted was my stuffie, food, and cuddles.

Handing me my happy meal I opened it excitedly pulling out the Powerpuff girl's toy. I had gotten Bubbles, she was my favorite because I thought we were exactly alike.

"Daddy look Bubbles!"

Kissing my cheek he laughed.

"Want to go home and color little one?"

"Oh YES Please!"

The rest of the drive was spent in silence again as I ate my happy meal. Once we were home he let me walk through the door first.

"Come upstairs Babygirl."

Grabbing his hand I followed him to the bedroom. Once we were there he turned around facing me, then lifted my arms over my head grabbing my shirt.

"Fuck Elizabeth it's bruising..."

Looking down at my ribcage I noticed he was right, I hadn't wanted to say anything to him about the tenderness but it did look bad.

"Daddy it's okay I'm fine."

Bowing his head he lowered himself on his knees wrapping his arms around my waist.

As he kissed my belly button I ran my hands through his hair.

"I should have protected you."

"You did Daddy, I'm the one that jumped in the middle."

Moving his lips up to my ribcage he kissed it gently.

"I didn't do a good enough job and you got hurt."

"Daddy..."

Tears were forming in my eyes, I didn't want him to blame himself for what had happened.

"Elizabeth you are my Princess, my everything, the thought of you hurting brings me to my knees." "I promised to always protect you and I failed."

Lowering myself down to my knees so I could meet his eye level I grabbed his face.

"Gabriel you did protect me but sometimes I need to protect you too."

Pulling his face closer to mine I kissed his lips softly. Licking his bottom lip slowly I darted my tongue in his mouth moaning as he sucked on it.

His hand stroked my back as he unhooked my bra. Feeling my panties begin to moisten I reached for his hardened member.

"Come on Princess let's go take a bath."

Helping me up I followed him into the bathroom. I attempted to reach for his shirt but he stopped me.

"But Daddy..."

"This is for you, not me."

Sliding my jeans down he kissed my belly button once more before turning the water on.

"Daddy, please bathe with me."

"Okay, Babygirl."

Smiling I stood between his legs as he sat on the edge of the tub waiting for the water to fill up.

"Daddy picked you up a surprise this morning."

Jumping up clapping I bit my lip.

"Tell me, tell me, Daddy!"

Chuckling he squeezed my waist then stood up making his way over to the double vanity.

"Mr.Bubbles!"

Running over to him I grabbed the bottle of bubble bath solution kissing him.

"I love it, Daddy."

"And I love you little one."

I gleefully jumped in the bath sliding down until my body was submerged under bubbles. Needing air I sat back up watching as Gabriel undressed.

As he took his seat behind me I leaned against him feeling the rough edges of his abs against my back. His hands begin to slide over my body making me whimper.

Needing to taste him I began to roll over.

"No."

Holding me down against him I whined out.

"But Daddy."

"No little one, this is just for you."

Before I could refute back his fingers slid between the lips of my sex making me arch up.

"Oh, Daddy..."

His fingers delicately circled my clit while his other hand massaged my breast. Spreading my legs further I began to encircle my hips.

"Relax Princess, just close your eyes and feel what Daddy's doing."

Closing my eyes I sank further into him feeling the softness of his fingertips. Running a fingertip between my lips he slid it into me.

"Mmm..."

My whimpers were becoming moans as he began to encircle my clit once more. Feeling the tug of my nipple I moaned out.

"It feels so good."

"You are such a good girl."

Smiling I opened my eyes looking up at him staring at me.

"Daddy I'm going to cum."

"Do it, look into my eyes as Daddy makes you cum."

Staring up at him I began to moan squirming under his touch. Feeling my orgasm wash over me I arched up never once breaking eye contact.

Sinking back into him I let my breath calm while he played with my hair.

"Daddy's turn."

"No, little one I already said this was just for you."

"But Daddy..."

"No buts, Daddy wanted to make you feel good with no strings attached."

"Yes, Daddy."

We spent the rest of the time in the tub just talking and laughing until the water grew cold and the bubbles faded.

Giggling as he wrapped me up in a towel I raised my hands to his face.

"Daddy look I'm all wrinkly."

Pulling me against him softly he kissed the bottom of both of my hands.

"I guess you are Princess, but Daddy still loves you."

"I love you more."

Picking me up I giggled wrapping my arms around his neck.

"Not possible little one."

"Yes, it is."

Setting me down he made his way to the dresser.

"It will never be possible, I will always love you more."

"Well, I love you more than Oreos."

Chuckling he grabbed a lounge shirt out of his drawer, I loved that he knew I would want his shirt over my own.

"Well, then I love you more than books."

Gasping I pretended to act shocked, he loved reading, loved it even more to read too me.

"Well, Daddy I love you more than... Disney!"

Attacking my cheek with kisses he tickled my side.

"Oh my goodness, is that so?"

"Yep."

Pecking his nose he raised my arms above my head sliding the shirt down.

"What do you want to do today?"

Grabbing my chin I stroked an imaginary beard thinking of what we should do. Chuckling he rolled his eyes at me.

"Can we color like you said, Daddy?"

"Sure thing Princess, let's go to my office and we will find some pictures to print out."

Nodding my head I followed him into the office sitting on his lap. I wasn't wearing any panties so my sex pressed against his leg.

It took me forever to agree on a picture, but it only took Gabriel one minute. I had decided on a picture of Cinderella changing into her magical ball gown. Daddy, on the other hand, decided on a picture of Prince Eric sailing his ship.

"What are we going to color with Daddy?"

"I picked up some coloring pencils."

Yelping out with glee, I kissed his cheek.

"Daddy when did you get all this?"

"This morning little one, I went to the store to get you your phone and picked up a couple other things as well."

"You're so amazing Gabriel."

"As so are you, Elizabeth."

Standing up I laughed feeling Gabriel pull me back down.

"Daddy we have to go color."

Stroking my cheek he nipped my chin.

Giggling I jumped up out of his reach.

"No Daddy!"

"Don't make me come get you."

Sticking my tongue out I giggled running out the office door. Darted into the guest bedroom I hid in the closet.

"Oh no my sweet Princess has been taken, I must find and rescue her!"

I laughed covering my mouth to not make any noise. Feeling his presence in the room I stilled biting my lip.

"Is she trapped under the bed?"

Peeking through the closet holes I watched him bend down looking under the bed.

"No, hmm where could she be?"

As he walked to the closet door I snickered unable to hold in my laughter. Covering my mouth I froze.

"She must have been transported into Narnia."

Throwing the doors open I began laughing as he reached down for me.

"But Daddy, Aslan needs me to go fight by his side."

Crossing his arms he knelt down in front of me.

"But Daddy would miss his Princess and that would make him sad."

Lunging forward I wrapped my arms around his neck.

"NO DADDY DON'T BE SAD...I'll stay."

Smiling as he kissed my forehead I stood up.

"I'm ready to color now Daddy."

"Okay come on then."

Standing up I held his hand following him down the stairs into the living room.

"Daddy got two more surprises for you this morning."

Thrusting my hands in the air I squealed.

"Gimmie, Gimmie."

"How do you ask little one?"

Lowering my hands down I stood up on my tippy toes.

"Please Daddy may I have my surprises?"

Feeling satisfied with my response he nodded his head, then held up a finger to me signaling to wait. When he returned I jumped up at the sight of what he was holding.

"'DADDY!"

Running to him I reached for my presents. He had gotten me a brown faux fur blanket and a blue and white Cinderella sippy cup. I had told him before I wanted a sippy cup, I liked being able to lay down and drink without spilling or holding a huge water bottle, and now I had one.

"Your cup has Fruit Punch in it Babygirl."

Kissing his lips I sighed.

"How did I get so lucky Gabriel?"

"The real question is how did I get so lucky Princess?"

Shrugging my shoulders I blushed, then grabbed my presents. Wrapping myself up in the blanket I laid down on the soft rug.

Gabriel laid out the pictures and coloring pencils then joined me on the rug.

Laying there we colored listening to Disney songs on his phone. When I finished I climbed on top of Gabriel's back laying there watching as he finished.

Feeling my eyes grow heavy I rested my head on his shoulder drifting off to sleep. My body fit perfectly against him and the blanket kept me warm. Feeling him shift I yawned stretching.

He had rolled me off of him and was wrapping me up in his arms.

"I love you, Gabriel."

"I love you more, Elizabeth."

Yawning once more I replied, "not possible."

Kissing my forehead he whispered, "yes it is possible."

Too tired to argue I fell back to sleep. When I awoke I was laying on the couch all wrapped up in my new blanket.

Sitting up I rubbed my eyes calling out.

"Daddy?"

"In the kitchen Princess."

Getting up I shrugged the blanket off making my way into the kitchen. As soon as I crossed the threshold I smelt the grilled cheese.

"Hungry baby?"

"Yes Daddy, very much."

Sitting on the island stool I rested my head on my hands watching him cook. I felt so at ease and serene at that moment, I never wanted it to end.

Looking at my watch I smiled.

"Daddy if I was at school you would be picking me up right about now."

"Indeed little one I would."

I didn't want to go back to school the next day and face everybody after what had happened, but I had no choice. Sensing my change in mood I saw Gabriel walk up to me.

"Everything will be okay baby, I will never let anything happen to you again."

I nodded my head then lunged up kissing him.

We ate lunch at the dining table, then headed up to the bedroom to watch a movie. Gabriel had a very nice set-up in his living room, but I preferred laying down and cuddling over sitting on the couch.

"What movie do you want to watch Princess?"

"Hmm, I don't know Daddy why don't you pick?"

Laughing he nodded his head.

"So some beat-em-up action movie then?"

Nudging him I pouted my lip.

"That's what I thought, so what do you want to watch?"

Sighing out I took the remote hitting play on Die Hard.

"Princess you don't want to watch this."

"Yes huh, I do too."

Raising his eyebrow at me he pulled me closer.

"Oh really, because if I put in a movie you wanted to watch you would whine if I did this."

Lowering himself down he lifted my shirt up sucking on one of my nipples. I gasped out closing my eyes, he knew me so well. Feeling my juices begin to puddle I whimpered, he was spending a long time on my nipples.

Groaning as he felt my sex I spread my legs further.

"Please, Daddy I want you."

Taking a slow lick separating the lips of my sex I moaned out. I could hear the sound of arguing in the background from the movie, but everything else was drowned out.

Feeling his tongue flick against my clit I arched up.

"Daddy please."

I was begging and pleading for him at this point, I needed him inside me.

"Be patient little one, this is my pussy."

Lowering myself back onto the bed I gripped the sheets.

"Yes, Daddy."

He continued to lap up my juices as he plunged his tongue deep into me. My eyes rolled back feeling the warmth radiate through me, I was going to burst.

Feeling the bed shift and the absence of his tongue I opened my eyes, watching as he withdrew his fully hardened cock.

"Yes, Daddy please fuck me."

Positioning himself at my entrance I angled my hips trying to propel him into me. Instead of pushing into me he teased my pussy running the tip of his member up and down, coating it in my juices.

Slapping it down on my spread pussy lips I moaned out. He was teasing me and pushing me to the edge.

"You are so close, just ask Princess."

"I don't want to cum unless you're inside me."

Using his thumb he began to circle my clit, feeling his tip still sliding up and down made me shudder. I was cumming and I couldn't stop it.

"Daddy!"

As my body began to tremble I felt Gabriel thrust into me, clutching onto him I arched off the bed screaming. He waited there inside me until the trembles stopped, then began sliding in and out of me.

Pulling on the sheets I moaned feeling his hands run up and down my back. He was fucking me softly and hard at the same time. A pleasure I hadn't had the chance to experience yet.

His strokes were deep and hard, but his touches were soft and comforting. Clutching down on him I felt him start to pulse.

"Daddy please fill me up."

"Cum with me, baby."

Reaching under my hips he began rubbing me making me climax once more, milking him he groaned out cumming.

Biting my lip I turned my head looking at him. His body weight still had me pinned underneath him, but looking back at him I saw a mischievous smile appear.

Laughing I shook my head.

"Daddy Nooo, whatever you're thinking no."

Flipping me around laying me on my back I laughed out.

"Little girls don't tell Daddy no."

Biting my lip I taunted him with my eyes. Grabbing my legs jerking me to him he thrust into me in one swift motion.

Screaming out my body quivered under his.

"DADDY NO MORE, OH FUCK!"

Lowering his lips to my ear he growled out, "I'm going to fuck you until you beg me to stop."

"I am begging."

Moaning as his thrusts went deeper my eyes rolled back. If I really wanted him to stop I could use my safe word, but I didn't want him to stop.

"Not yet you aren't."

Already sensitive I felt my climax building again. Gripping onto one of my breasts he began fucking me faster.

"Daddy I'm going to cum!"

"Cum."

Feeling him slap my breasts I came violently, his thrusts never faltered prolonging my orgasm. I didn't know if I was cumming again or never stopped, but I was thrashing under him as my body shook from the ecstasy.

"Daddy FUCK, I can't stop cumming!"

As he bottomed out in my pussy filling me once more he knelt down devouring my mouth with kisses in the softest way possible. My head was spinning and my breathing was nowhere near calm.

Taking my hands he entangled our fingers together kissing all over my face.

As both our breathing finally calmed we looked at each other smiling.

"So little one, are you going to pick a movie you want to watch?"

Laughing I nudged him slightly, he was still in me so any movement he had, I could still feel.

"Yes Daddy, I promise."

"Good."

Pulling out of me I moaned, his smirk said it all. He had always said he was going to fuck me until I couldn't think straight, and he had done just that.

As I flipped through the movies Gabriel's phone went off. We both turned looking at it at the same time.

"This is Gabriel how can I help you?"

I knew by his tone the phone call was business matter related.

"Yes I can, it'll be about 45 minutes though." "Okay, I will take care of it."

Ending the call I gave him a questionable look.

"It was school, they said they needed me to come review one of my student's tests for plagiarism."

As he got up grabbing his clothes I pouted my lip at him.

"Sweet Angel, Daddy will only be gone for a couple hours, I'm sorry."

He had missed school that day for me, so I couldn't feel jealous or sad. Besides he had worn me out too much for me to be able to persuade him to stay. I knew his work was important, we had discussed college life together and his expectations for me.

He expected me to be understanding of his teaching schedule and open office hours, and in response, he would be understanding of my class schedules and exam days.

Kissing my lips he stroked my cheek with his thumb.

"Love you Babygirl, be good while Daddy's gone."

"Yes, Daddy."

As I sat in silence listening to him walk down the stairs and out the door I pulled out my phone. It was a perfect time to call Kyersten and tell her my crazy story.

"Hey girly, you sitting down?"

"Oh no, not again...I am now."

Chuckling I began going into detail going over the car ride, then the argument, the fight, the talk with the principal and finally the day I had had with Gabriel."

"Girl I never thought I'd say this to you, but I need to switch lives with you."

"Why on earth would you ever want to do that?"

"Great sex, sexy boyfriend, suburb house and a new wardrobe sounds good to me."

She was good at making me see the good.

"Yeah but then you would have the manipulative parents, jealous crazy guys, insane school schedule, and bruised ribcage."

"Very true, but the sex honey..."

Laughing out I fell back on the bed, I loved that she knew how to spin everything to make me laugh. Hearing the doorbell ring I paused.

"Um, I think someone is here..."

"Does anybody you know know that you're there."

Standing up I slipped on a pair of my running shorts.

"No, and Gabriel didn't say anything about expecting company."

"Maybe it's girl scout cookies."

Laughing I trotted down the stairs.

"It's like 5 o'clock here."

"They always know when to get you."

I rolled my eyes shushing her. I attempted to stand on my tippy toes to see out the peephole, but I was too short. Looking around I didn't see a piece of furniture I could move quickly and use.

The doorbell rang once more and I panicked opening the door. I didn't want whoever it was to think Gabriel was being rude.

Looking at the person staring at me I froze dropping my hand to my side.

"Derrick..."

"Elizabeth..."

Swallowing the lump in my throat I mustered up some courage.

"How did you find me, Derrick?"

"I followed you when you left the school, I wanted to make sure you were ok."

I felt my hands become clammy realizing I was all alone.

"I don't think you should be here Derrick."

"And I think you need to hear me out."

He began to step forward and I held up my hand.

"Derrick, Gabriel is just upstairs."

Crossing his arms he stood there in front of the doorway.

"Why would you lie to me Elizabeth?"

"I'm not."

"You are because I'm the whole reason he had to leave anyways."

"Wait, what...?"

He proceeded to walk through the front door backing me up, I was frozen in fear. I didn't know what to do or what Derrick was planning on doing.

"Let's just say I have a couple friends at the college that are above your little boyfriend."

"Derrick, you need to leave now."

As he slammed the door shut I began to walk backward. His strides quickened and he was quickly in front of me. He was acting so different, and I was scared of what he might do.

"I overheard you call him Daddy, is that some sick fetish?"

His words were as sharp as knives and I shook my head no holding back tears.

"I researched it, some type of kinky stuff, is that what I need to do to make you love me."

I needed to be brave and hold back my tears.

"Haven't you had enough Derrick, it's over I don't love you."

His body was pressed against mine and I was trapped between him and the sofa.

"Do I have to show you who's master for you to love me?"

I couldn't hold back the tears anymore feeling them slowly glide down my cheeks.

"Do I need to call you a little slut and devour that body of yours."

"I don't love you!"

I yelled out trying to get him from talking any further. But his next comment made me stumble back falling onto the sofa.

"Then I will make you love me."

His hands wrapped around my wrist and I began to thrash under him trying to get him off. My fighting only egged him to continue thinking it was just a matter of me submitting. My head started spinning and I felt his lips on mine.

They tasted vile and I tried to turn my head away screaming. Feeling the weight of his body lift I opened my eyes jumping up to run.

When I saw Gabriel I froze, he had pulled Derrick off and was pounding his already swollen and bruised face in.

I could hear Derrick choking on his own blood, I wrapped my arms around myself.

"GABRIEL!"

I didn't know if he could hear me, his blows were harder and came quicker than before.

Bursting out in tears I slid down to my knees.

"DADDY!"

His grip remained tight on Derricks collar, but his head turned looking at me. When he saw me in tears he pushed Derrick into the ground standing up.

"I'm here."

Kneeling he pulled me to him holding me tight against him. The sound of his pounding heartbeat and his shushing calmed me enough to the point I stopped shaking.

As Derrick regained some strength he attempted to roll over on his side. Standing up Gabriel towered over his body.

"I'll ruin you for this."

Kneeling down he stared into Derrick's eyes.

"If you try I'll send you to jail for the rest of your pathetic life." "I'm sure mommy and daddy can't cover attempted rape, as well as a forceful entry with the intent to hurt." "You'll be in jail so fast you won't even be able to say, mommy."

As Derrick rolled over slowly lifting himself up I saw Gabriel's hands clench. They were covered in Derrick's blood and ready for more.

"Gabriel let him go he's not worth it..."

"If you even look at her ever again I will destroy you and your family."

Standing up Derrick stumbled back, his face was covered in blood and I was sure his nose was broke. I didn't feel bad for him though, I was too in shock at what he had tried to do to care.

I didn't want him to let him go, but I needed him to. I couldn't let it escalate anymore and risk Gabriel going to jail.

Grabbing onto his shirt Gabriel drug him to the door pushing him out. Shutting the door and locking it behind him he made his way to me. I was still on my knees holding myself.

Picking me up he carried me to the bedroom sitting down on the bed with me in his lap. Feeling his thumb trace my lips I closed my eyes letting tears slowly fall.

"Gabriel he kissed my lips."

Opening my eyes to look at him, I saw his eyes filled with tears. He was holding them back to be strong for me, stroking his cheek I whimpered out.

"Make it go away Daddy, erase his touch."

Pulling me in tighter he held my cheeks. He needed to erase his kiss just as much as I needed it. Starting with my tear stained cheeks he gently kissed my tears away.

Moving to my wrists he tenderly kissed his hold on me away. Making his way up to my lips he paused looking at me.

"I'll always protect you."

Kissing my lips he erased his kiss marking me as his once more.

"Gabriel."

"Shh, it's okay baby I got you."

Rocking me back and forth I laid there in his arms until my nerves were calmed and my mind was too tired to replay the scene anymore.

Laying me out Gabriel covered me up then began undressing. Taking his phone out he dialed a number.

"It's not going to happen tonight, I'll review it tomorrow." "Yes, I don't care I'll deal with him then."

Realizing he was talking to someone from work I sat up. When he hung up I interjected

"Daddy it was all a set-up."

"What do you mean Elizabeth?"

"Derrick, he said he was the reason you got called out." "That he had friends higher than you." "It was all a set-up to get me alone."

Realizing how fucked up the situation sounded out loud I held my legs against my chest. Derrick was many things, but he had never hurt me, until now.

The same look of realization came over Gabriel's face but his didn't match my hurt. Instead, his face was hot and I could see the fire in his eyes.

If Gabriel had known it was a set-up to purposely hurt me Derrick probably wouldn't still be alive.

"I need to make a call, I'll be right back."

I was in no position to argue with him to stay, and I didn't think I wanted to hear the conversation he was going to have anyways. I was silent and didn't move as I buried my face in my lap rocking myself back and forth.

Sensing his presence once more I looked up. Sitting beside me his arms reached around pulling me in. Nuzzling my face into his chest I sucked on my thumb.

We fell asleep wrapped up in each other, both of us clinging on one another needing the other for support.