My Sister, My Slave
byGiantNutWrites©

Author's note: All characters in this story are above 18 years old

Chapter 1

-James-

"Oh fuck Em," I moaned as I felt an impending orgasm erupting. "Fuck."

My sister, Emma, didn't respond. She was too focused; dutifully working my cock, expertly bobbing her mouth up and down my shaft, her left hand tenderly cupping and occasionally rolling my testicles while the other was firmly wrapped around the base of my erection. I initially planned on holding out for as long as possible, but this was impossible; I couldn't take it anymore. With a grunt, I exploded into her and I could feel her grip tightening, encasing my balls in a warm, wet shell that I grew to love, as if trying to milk more cum out of me.

Over the months, my sister had perfected the art of cock sucking -- or at least I think she did; I had never gotten a blowjob from anyone else. Emma had gotten WAY better compared to the first time. She was really committed, purchasing several books on how to give a better blowjob (I always wondered how the cashier had reacted, she didn't remember) and I even caught her a couple of times, to my amusement, in her room, deep throating a banana whilst watching YouTube videos about blowjobs.

Even before her brainwashing, Emma had always been a hardworking individual. A perfectionist. When she sets her mind to something, she makes sure she does everything she could to master it. That's why she had always been a straight A student and had even competed in the national volleyball team. Of course, I made her drop both of them along with all her hobbies, interest and social life. I rather she be here with me, serving my will then continue studying in university or waste her time in team practices or with friends. The only activity I still allowed my slave to continue was going to the gym -- to keep her body fit and her curves intact. I might just even build a personal gym in the garage so she would be at my beck and call almost 24/7. My desk would quickly get filled up with half-finished bags of dorito chips and empty sodas cans whenever she went to have her workout sessions or go for the weekly grocery haul.

Emma kept my cock in her mouth, swallowing down my cum until she was certain my orgasm had completely passed. Then, she slowly withdrew from my length, her tongue running alongside my undershaft, teasing him. I leaned backwards a little, using both my palms as support, recovering from the orgasm my sister just gave me. My slave then started licking the sensitive tip of my penis, like one would do to a popsicle, making sure nothing was wasted -- just like I trained her to. Satisfied, she turned her attention and looked at me questionably, her emerald gaze burning into mine.

"Mhmm" was all I could manage out, trying to tell her that I was satisfied.

My sister gave me a sly smile, and gave a sweet peck on my tip before making her way towards the bathroom to rinse off her mouth with warm water, then finishing it with gaggling a couple of mouth washes, making sure there was no residue of my cum left -- taste or scent. She had dutifully followed that order I gave it to her after making the fatal mistake of making out with her after a wonderful blowjob session. Never again.

After a couple of minutes, my slave came back and as if it were the most gesture to make, settled down on her knees in front of me. My sister looked up at me adoringly, her green eyes glowing with that of submission and worship.

"Did you enjoy that, Master?

I smiled and stroked her head, feeling the smooth texture of her long auburn hair that was bundled up into a cute ponytail. It was part of her uniform and she wore it exactly the same way every day. "Yes, I did."

"I am glad." She purred back sexily, then lowered her head and said nothing else. "Stand by mode" as I liked to call it. She would remain in that position until she received an order. I always wondered how she does it, surely no one could kneel for hours and hours on end without getting bored out of their fucking minds. But when your sole purpose in life was to be the best slave you can be while not having any other interest except serving your Master, I could see why.

I stroked her for a few more moments, enjoying the smooth texture of her hair and the barely audible moans that were escaping from her lips before reluctantly giving an order to go resume her chores. The house wasn't going to clean itself. My sister gracefully stood up, and took the tips of her maid uniform, slightly pulling them apart, while simultaneously bending her knees with one foot in front of the other. She gave me a deep curtsy, her head bowed, perfected from the thousands of times she had practised the gesture in front of a mirror. "Yes, Master," came the response I had expected from her.

I watched her walk away, her hips seductively swaying as she does so until she slipped out of my bedroom. Emma had made sure that I always received a premium view of her ass -- she knew all too well that it was my favorite asset of hers. I used to spend entire afternoons, just squeezing, fondling, pinching and slapping those plump cheeks. Despite my fondness for them, I never had particularly liked anal -- at least from the numerous attempts I had tried with Emma. I laid back into the warmth of my bed and sighed happily. I needn't do anything for the rest of the day but lay here. No more chores, no more stress and no more bitchy sister. Life was good.

My thoughts were interrupted by a gentle knock at my door. I sat up and saw my sister tentatively leaning in to my room.

"Sorry for bothering you Master, but there's someone at the door."

Who could it be? I didn't notice the doorbell ringing. Groaning, I left the warmth of my bed and headed towards the main door, my slave following closely behind me, high heels clicking on the ceramic. I took a glance through the peep hole and was greeted by the sight of a man in his young 20s wearing a uniform I recognised.

I waited patiently for Emma to put on the robe that was prepared on the rack next to the front door. She slid in to the garment, concealing her uniform underneath. I didn't want anyone to spot her in it -- it would raise too many questions.

I opened the door just as she was tying up a knot.

"Hi," the stranger said awkwardly. "Delivery for Mr James Copper?"

"Yes, I am James." I replied

He handed me a clipboard he had been holding. "Could you sign here please?"

I took it with a nod just as Emma came into view and I saw the deliveryman started. I hid a smile behind the clipboard; my sister always attracted reaction like those. He started eyeing her from top to bottom, curiously glancing at her black leather collar then frowning slightly at her high heels. My sister met his gaze and offered him a seductive smile.

"There." I handed back the clipboard back.

The young man fumbled for it, embarrassed. I chuckled silently and gave my sister a look when I saw that his cheeks had gone a shade of red. Poor guy. I don't blame him.

"Your girlfriend?" he asked, trying to mask the jealousy of his tone, slightly gesturing at my other hand that was absentmindedly fondling her ass.

Oops. I let my hand drop. That was a bad habit of mine, one that I need to stop doing -- at least in public.

"Yeah," I simply said, taking the package. "Thanks."

That was our current cover story; Emma was my girlfriend and we lived together. Though, I admit, it was terrible. My sister was a solid 9 and I was a 4 or a 5 at best. She and Laura had shared all the best genes from mom and dad among themselves and I was left with the scraps. Having a girlfriend that was way above your league and also being an inch taller wasn't particular believable but people did bought it. They probably thought that I hired an escort to lie about being my girlfriend or that I was the luckiest man on earth. They were right. Every time Emma brought me to an orgasm, I certainly did felt like it. I hadn't taken my sister for granted -- yet.

I probably could slightly bump up my scores if I had bordered to groom myself properly, wore better clothes and work on not carrying almost 200 pounds, though it doesn't matter; being unattractive wasn't a requisite to have sex with Emma. Still, the cover story was leagues better than "She's my sister".

"What's that?" Emma asked with all of a child's directness, sliding out of her robe after the deliveryman had left.

"It's a new collar I ordered for you," I replied, delighted at the squeal that had produced in the girl. "Something for you to wear in public. That black collar would raise way too much attention."

I opened the package and removed the bubble wrap, taking out the item. It was a simple black laced necklace with a letter "S" hanging at the middle of it.

"Thank you Master," my sister said as I placed the necklace into her opened palms. She studied it for a while, feeling the cold steel biting at her fingertips as she rotated the "S".

"I am assuming the "S" stands for slave?"

"Yeap."

"Thank you so much!" She threw her arms around and gave me a warm hug, her breast crushing against my chest and my boner pressed tightly into her. She held on for a while and I felt her trembling slightly. I frowned. Was she crying again?

She finally let go and I could that she was; Emma was wiping away tears, sobbing pitifully.

"Go and finish up your chores," I told her, giving her a peck on the lips, feeling their plumpness and tasting the sweetness of her new gloss. Mmm. Strawberry. Way better than all of the ones she used last week. I made a mental note to inform her of my preference later. "We will talk again when you are done."

She managed a small smile, delighted at the affection I just gave her and started to walk away. I gave her ass a slap and she giggled childishly. She always liked when I did that.

I dumped myself on the couch, dreamily watching my slave make her way to the kitchen, my mind drifting back 3 months ago when Emma was a completely different person -before she became mine.

Ever since our parents died, Emma became a stuck up bitch -- to everyone but her closest friends, and to Laura, our youngest sibling. They had always been close. I had managed to convince my sister to let me hypnotize her in exchange for 100$. She accepted the offer, with a snort and a laugh, thinking she would just be 100$ richer -- only if she had known better. The whole process was slow but eventually, I moulded my sister into what she is today; an extension of myself; a completely devoted and subservient companion and a great fuck toy.

To achieve that, I had first blurred out her moral boundaries and block out all negative emotions she had towards me. She would never resent me anymore and would now always see me in a completely positive light. The effect was instantaneous. After waking her up from the trance, for the first time in years, Emma started treating me nicely. It was great, finally having my sister back again, but that didn't make her my slave.

To accomplish that, I took the ability to feel and experience any sort of pleasure away from her. It was scary. I had always hypnotized her in sessions, and after that session, she became a zombie; completely voided out of happiness and joy, a shell of her former self. I would often time catch her having breakdowns, crying in the corner of her room.

Despite my dislike of her, I hated having to see her like that. It almost broke me and I didn't get much sleep during those few days. But I knew it was necessary; a small sacrifice for the greater good.

I was relieved when it was time for her next session. Emma had not experienced any sort of joy for days and would be in an extremely vulnerable state of mind. That session had marked the beginning of her life of servitude. I implemented a deep trigger within her mind, so that whenever she obeyed my commands or gave me an orgasm, endorphins that I had previously suppressed, would be momentarily released in her brain, giving her jolts of pleasure -- kind of like an electric shock.

She became EXTREMELY addicted to it. Emma would often time beg me to give her more commands or to have sex with her so that she could experience the much needed jolt. I was of course, happy to oblige. She would then enthusiastically carry out my orders and I finally got the chance to fuck my sister -- something that I had always fantasized about. It was scary, losing my virginity but Emma had been gentle, guiding me through. She had lines of ex boyfriends and had fucked many more, so she knew what she was doing.

After weeks of receiving pleasure jolts from me, Emma became very emotionally attached and eventually falling in love with me, something I had completely not expected. My initial goal was to make her my sex slave, which I had finally accomplished then, not to make her go head over heels for me -- I didn't care about that. I should have had anticipated it though; it was obvious. After all, she wasn't able to think badly of me anymore and I was the only person in the entire world that had the ability to make her feel happy; loved. It was a welcome side effect I had realised. Initially, she would just have sex with me just for the jolt, to feel good, but slowly, as her feelings for me grew, our sex became way more intense and she would start initiating foreplay without me actually ordering her to - something she had never done before.

There were a couple of drawbacks, though. Whenever I wanted her to have sex with another woman (I get turned on by lesbian sex), she clearly wouldn't enjoy it. Emma would try her best to pretend to, but it was painfully obvious. I didn't want to change her programming. If I did and make her able to feel pleasure from women, she might potentially leave me for one. It was too risky. I couldn't just command her to just "feel it" too, I only could change how her mind - and thus how her endorphins -- work only through hypnosis and it would have been a chore to hypnotize her whenever she was ordered to have sex with a woman then later reverse it.

The most annoying drawback, though, was her extreme attachment towards me. Well, it was more of a double edge sword. It feels great to have a woman worship you and make you feel loved, but whenever she thinks that I was displeased with her for whatever reason or that I didn't find her attractive anymore by denying sex, she would become extremely depressed. Emma wouldn't bring the issue up to me; she would maintain her cheerful composure around me but would go on breaking down and crying whenever she thinks she was alone. I had finally found out about it through questioning her during hypnosis and immediately tried to fix it.

I had told her that if I ever was displeased with her, I would tell her directly and gave her a punishment. I didn't know what the punishment was yet since she never done anything wrong. And if I ever found myself not attracted to her anymore, I would immediately dismiss her from my service. Apparently, that wasn't the best thing to say since it would mean I was taking away her only meaning in life and her living God away from her and so she became obsessed with plastic surgery and make up. Finally, I told her that she was beautiful and that I would always love her, no matter what. My sister bought it, of course. How could her beloved Master ever lie to her? Hell, if I told her that the sky was green, she probably wouldn't even have second guessed me.

After months of being of being my personal maid and sex toy, and a little bit of nudges through subsequence hypnotic sessions, my sister eventually came to the conclusion that her sole purpose in life was to serve and please me. Shad already saw me as her dominant, and would eventually regress into an extremely submissive state towards me, which was very odd, since Emma was still quite the feminist. I could change that view with just a simple command, but I found it amusing and actually quite humorous -- so I let it be.

I had kept her personality intact -- well, mostly. I didn't want to fuck a robot. My sister still had most of her traits and could still be somewhat displeased with my decisions and actions. I also had kept some of her will left in her so she could form her own opinions and decisions. But just as a safety precaution, in the event my slave ever developed thoughts of escaping my control, I made her unable to disobey any of my commands and she could never lie to me. It wasn't much of a concern though; her programming made her very, very happy with her new life of submission. But it's always good to have a backup plan.

"Master?" Her silky smooth voice brought me back.

I looked up and saw my slave standing in front of me, her back straight, breast puffed out and her hands clasped in front of her apron, trying to look proud and presentable.

"Master," my sister repeated. "Your dinner is ready."

***

Dinner was nothing fancy, just meatball pasta served with mushroom peas. She was a pretty decent cook but not the greatest, despite her best attempts to improve at it. Even Emma was not perfect.

My slave was standing at attention at the side of the table, holding a bottle of red wine. Emma would refill my glass whenever it was required and would see for my needs if need be, but otherwise, she served as a glorified statue while I ate.

I picked at the fettuccine, my mind wandering different places. That was the consequences when you had a slave to do everything for you, from bathing to tying your shoes. Hell, I had even forgotten what it's like to masturbate. I literally didn't have to do anything anymore and so I was always in a constant state of haze.

I finally sighed and ate my food. Emma's meal was getting cold. She always made dinner for 2 but would have to wait until I had finished before she gets to eat. I actually started growing very fond of her over the months, making selfless decisions for her benefit.

"Dessert, Master?" my slave purred after I cleared up my plate, licking her rose colored lips and glancing slyly at my crotch.

I shook my head. I wanted to but it was best not. My poor dick had been abused so many times over the last couple of weeks that it had started throbbing sorely. From time to time, I would try and have a couple of days off orgasm free. It was an annoying problem to have. Why can't I fuck her 10 times a day, every day? But I was sure there were worst problems out there.

My sister nodded understandably, cleared my plate and went back to the kitchen, her hips swaying invitingly in my direction.

***

We were watching a movie that night and Emma was cuddled up in front of me, her ass pressed firmly on my tender groin. I was fiddling with her leather collar and half listening to the action adventure fantasy that was playing in front of us. My sister always wore her collar, except when she had to leave the house. It was to her, a symbol of her pride and honor, and so she had tried to protest with me, saying it should be on her 24/7, to show her undying devotion to me and remind herself of what she was and always will be- a slave; a piece of my property. But I objected. It would definitely raise way too many glances and double takes in her direction (and she already attracted enough of those, way more than I find comfortable) and could raise unwanted questions. Well, I solved that problem by ordering a more suitable collar for her to wear when she was out of the house.

"I should be marked," my sister said pressing herself closer to me and I felt myself getting a hard on. This was something she often brought up with me.

Emma had watched some documentaries a couple weeks ago about cults and was intrigued when she saw that the cult members were all marked -- signifying that they were owned by their respective cult leaders.

I buried myself in her smooth auburn hair. My slave was naked and not in uniform so she hadn't bothered to do up her hair, leaving it down instead. "I will think about it," I told her, enjoying the sweet lime scent that stayed with her from her pricey shampoo. "Maybe I will get a tattoo of my signature on you and place it right here." I gestured to my desired point by bringing a hand down hard, slapping her right ass cheek. It jiggled wildly from my touch and left a large red resemblance of my palm.



"That would be great." my sister giggled, not even flinching from the pain. She had gotten very used to it, and refocused her attention back to the big screen.

It was at her suggestion that we watch the film naked together. I could still turn back, tell her that there we were just watching the movie and fuck tomorrow instead. My sore cock would thank me. Emma would no doubt be disappointed but wouldn't be able to disagree with my wishes. But, no matter how hard I tried, I just couldn't muster up the willpower to do so. Even though I was her Master, I was a slave to her beauty and my own lust.

Just on cue, like she knew I was second guessing my decisions, Emma began moving her hips, grinding on my now, fully erect penis. Resigned, I reached out both hands to cup her breasts, my fingers playing with her already hard nipples, occasionally flicking them. My sister responded with a soft gasp then let out a long drawn out sigh.

Fuck it. I can afford one more orgasm tonight. Tomorrow I would abstain. But first-

Emma rolled around to face me, positioning her dripping slit near the base of my cock. My sister looked at me, her eyes full of begging and her lips quivering. "Master, I am already wet." she informed me, trying her best to sound as seductive as possible. She couldn't make the first move, only I could -- one of my many rules.

"Not now, love," I replied, teasing her, and was rewarded by the sight of my beauty whimpering. Although counterproductive, I enjoyed the games I played on her.

It was fun, I admit. Seeing her all submissive and whimpering like that made me feel powerful. Often times, when I teased her too much, she would get so sexually frustrated that she would go down on her knees, crying and begging for me to just start fucking her. I had always happily obliged then.

"Can I at least get more ready for you?" She pleaded, gesturing to her twitching fingers that were near her glistening cunt. "Please?"

"No," I said flatly. She couldn't masturbate or orgasm without my permission - another one of my long list of rules.

Emma turned her gaze down, disappointed, looking like she was about to cry. "Yes, Master."

Damn, she was such a slut. We had fucked multiple times on a daily basis for the past week and a half but she still wanted more.

Resigned that I wasn't going to budge, she rested her cheeks on my chest and offered her ass out to me. I took them and she closed her eyes, moaning in an exaggerated manner when I started stroking her perfect ass.

Sly bitch. I thought, listening to her moans filling the room. She knew my weak points and was trying to get me as horny as possible without actually breaking my rules. Props to her though, it was definitely working; my cock was already throbbing wet with anticipation.

I concentration on the film for a while, tuning out her moans, trying to see how long I could go before she dropped down to her knees and started begging me. It would be hard, but victory would be mine. I was going to fuck my sister either way.

My slave switched position on the couch, trying to get more comfortable as I stroked and pinched those juicy cheeks of hers. I could see a huge wet patch on the leather where her pussy had just been - she wasn't exaggerating when she said she was wet for me.

Fuck. I couldn't take it any longer. It would be a waste of an orgasm and a huge embarrassment for me to just cum right there and then just by feeling up her ass and listening to her moans. I was better than that.

"My lips are getting dry," I told my sister, admitting defeat. That was all the cue she needed. The moaning immediately ceased and Emma jumped me, her naked body tumbling down firmly onto me and her strawberry lips pressing hard into mine.

I grabbed her body, feeling every inch of her pretty frame, and picked my sister up, replacing her so that she was now kneeling on my lap. Her hips began moving with mad fervor, grinding up on me, desperately trying to find my cock and her juices spilled all over my lap. I lifted one of my hands to the back of her head, pressing her closer to me as she explored my lips that were already soaking wet from hers. Emma leaned forward, pushing me back into the confines of the couch and slipped her tongue into me. I greeted it with my own, enjoying the fury of explosions as we spared.

We stayed like that for a moment, until I realized that I still had a free hand. Better put it to good use. I thought and lifted my knees up slightly so her ass was now exposed to the stinging cold air. I trailed my hand over her back, enjoying her smooth, wavy curves before finally drawing it down to one of her cheeks, cupping it firmly. I squeezed her perfect, round ass as hard as I possibly could. Emma replied, moaning into my mouth, my sister lost in complete ecstasy.

Emma finally broke the kiss and gazed crazily into my eyes. She had the look of a mad woman; one full of lust and desperation. She drew her gaze down, settling it onto my rock hard cock then right back at me. "Please," my sister whimpered, her voice full of need. "Please."

I almost said 'no' wanting to see how she would react then. She would probably run back to her room, crying in frustration. The mental image of that almost brought me to laughter. Even for me, that was too mean. So, I returned her gaze and nodded, giving my permission.

I didn't even have time to register the emotions in her face. She had already lined up her dripping wet pussy to my cock and the second she received her confirmation, Emma thrust forward with all her might, bringing my full length into her and I gasped at how incredibly tight and wet she was, almost blowing my entire load into her right then and there. I caught myself just in time and gritted my teeth trying to hold it all back. I felt her pussy pulsing around my throbbing cock, bringing waves and waves of warmth that enveloped around my entire sex.

If there was a heaven, this was it.

I just laid there, on the couch, my sister doing all the work, thrusting her hips back and forth, moving up and down my cock. My sister was fucking me with mad resolve but still held a respectable steady, unceasing rhythm, her boobs swinging wildly as she does so. Emma threw her head back and over, staring at the ceiling, moaning and screaming me out, letting all her lust and desire out.

"Master, I am going to cum. Tell me when you are close."

"Almost." I nodded through gritted teeth. I was at war inside, mentally trying to force my orgasm back, repeating a mantra over and over in my head. Just a little while longer. Please. A little while longer. Please

A noise in the air started us both and we both turned to the couch that was opposite us -- where the sound was coming from. It was a ringtone. Emma phone was buzzing.

"Stupid bitch. Stupid fucking bitch," I heard my sister growl, recognizing the specific ringtone she had set up. "Don't ruin this for me."

"Who's that?" I asked her, confused.

"Laura," my slave replied with venom, spitting her name out. "Please Master. Ignore it. Cum into me. Please."

That wasn't hard; I was already close to the breaking point. Determined that we should be released as one, I looked deep into her glazed, emerald eyes and nodded.

"Cum now," I growled, giving her a thrust of my own and opened the floodgates, exploding everything into her. My sister screamed, and came too, shaking and moaning me out, her sounds filling the house.

"FUCK. MASTER. MASTER. MASTER. MASTER."

I finally withdrew, panting hard, her sex tight around my sensitive cock, as if it didn't want me to leave. Emma was still in the midst of an orgasm and she rolled off my lap and onto the carpet, writhing in convulsion. She finally stopped and laid there, panting hard. The ringtone had also stopped and I could hear my sister moaning me softly. It was music to my ears.

After what seemed like an eternity, my sister crawled back to the couch and rested herself on my shoulder, her sex hair messy and her once smooth skin now slick with sweat. God. She smelt good.

"I love you, Master," she finally whispered to me, pecking my cheeks. "Thank you for that."

"No problem," I replied, offering my slave a small smile. I should be the one thanking her but a Master should never thank his slave.

The familiar ringtone broke the silence again and Emma scowled, muttering something fowl under her breath.

"Go pick it up," I told her and she immediately stood up and walked over, scooping up the phone, still spewing curses out.

My sister looked at the small screen, her frown deepening and took the call, pressing the device close to her.

"Hey, sis," she said, mustering up fake enthusiasm. "What's up?"

Emma started nodding and a drop of cum fell from her pussy, rolling down her smooth legs. Using her free hand, she palmed her slit, trying to keep the rest of me in her. "Uh, huh. Yeah."

"Oh really! That's great, Laura! Okay. See you soon." My slave ended the call, tossing the phone back to the couch. She made a face. "Bitch."

I looked up at her. "What did she say?"

"She's coming back home from college, Master," my sister replied, forcing a smile. "She finished her semester."

I nodded and pointed towards her pussy. "Alright, go clean up yourself then the couch. I will bathe myself"

I knew she was still horny, so I added. "And you are allowed to masturbate as many times as you want for the rest of the night."

"Yes, Master. Thank You, Master." she replied, bowing low, before walking to her room, her hips swaying directly at me. She stopped midway and looked over her shoulder, smiling slyly when she realized I had been eyeing her. I smiled back.

Maybe I should have included a limit. I thought. There was no telling how many times she would masturbate later. I shrugged, sighed happily and made myself back to the master bedroom. I unlocked my desk drawer and picked up the pendulum that I had used to hypnotize Emma with. So Laura is coming back home, huh? Believe it or not, I had never had a threesome before. I had Emma fuck escorts after escorts but I had always just watched, recording the sex on video then had her to jack me off while I played it on repeat.

I placed the pendulum back down and headed towards the bathroom, whistling as I did so. That soon was about to change.

Very soon.

***

Author's note:

I always wanted to write a story above controlling "my" sister(s). Roommates to sisters.

That's a huge jump.

I am hesitant if people would like it or not, so I only would be inclined to make a part 2 if there's interest for it. Be sure to comment and rate!

If you haven't already, go check out my other story where "I" turn my hot roommate into my sex slave.

If you really want to reach me personally, please do email me. You can find it in my profile. I read every single email and reply to them (if you don't make yourself anonymous).

Cheers!



My Sister, My Slave Ch. 02
byGiantNutWrites©

-Emma-

I awoke to Master's dick still half inside my ass with His forearm draped over my bare breasts, hugging them possessively. I had cheekily snuck it inside of me while He was snoring away last night. His rules stated that I couldn't put his dick fully in me without His permission.

Fully.

It didn't mention anything about a little bit or even halfway in. It was fun - trying to find loopholes in Master's ruling, trying to outsmart Him. I had always been a bit rebellious and my programming hadn't changed that in the slightest. Honestly, I think Master enjoyed this side of me. If He didn't, He would have told me to knock it off a long ago and I couldn't disobey a direct command like that, nor would I want to. Angering Master and risking banishment from His presence was the worst thing I could imagine.

I shuddered at the thought.

I didn't want to move. I was so comfortable. I wished I could lay with Him like this forever. I was already extremely lucky to share His soft and luxurious queen size bed for the night. Master used to allow me to bed with him every night for the first couple of months of my slavehood. But recently, he had me sleeping back in my own room, stating that He'd rather sleep with me as a treat instead of normalising it to not get bored of me.

I leaned forward and Master's dick came out with a wet, audible 'pop', making me giggle. I could feel dry cum scattered around in between my hairless cheeks.

Still giggling, I turned around and studied my living God's face - so innocent, so handsome.

The room was freezing. Master had turned the temperature down - way more than necessary - because he was plump and would sweat a lot. I snuggled myself closer, into His radiant warmth and away from the air conditioned breeze. It was nice - except for when he would exhale. He must have not brushed his teeth last night, after He had fucked me, because His breath stinks of rotten eggs.

In the early days, Master would expect to be woken up a full blown French kiss, so that wasn't exactly pleasant. I hadn't dared bring up that fact and just did what a good slave would do and endured it the best I could. I was more than happy when He had switched it to being woken up by morning blowjobs instead.

I made a face. Maybe I should slip in some of the mouth wash that Master had me use after every blowjob session into His bathroom. Maybe He would get the hint.

I already knew what time it was. I was programmed to wake up at exactly the same time every day: Nine AM - to clean, bath, apply some makeup, then do my daily chores and prepare Master's breakfast that he likes to eat in bed. He would lazily munch his scrambled eggs on toast while I was having my own breakfast of thick, salted cum.

Master always woke up inconsistently, but I had narrowed it down to between the hours of noon and two in the afternoon. I sighed happily. Today was a special day, and so I could afford to cuddle up with Master for a little while longer before having to pick Laura up from the airport at half past ten.

I shuffled around and retrieved the down comforter from the ground - Master had kicked it away overnight - and pulled it over us, trying to do so gently so as not to disturb my sleeping God. I was proud that I had afforded the bed for Master as our 2 month anniversary gift. Honestly it was just an excuse because Master had always complained about His previous bed, stating it wasn't comfortable enough for Him. Mom had spoiled Him as a kid and I used to despise Master for that. Not anymore. Now, I would happily spoil my God if it meant He would appreciate my worth more - especially with the new, high paying job that I now have.

I had previously worked as a personal assistant to the CEO of an independent company, finally saving enough to afford tuition on a degree in law at a world renowned university. Master and Laura didn't earn anything since Laura was still a freshman in college and Master was being Master (too lazy), so we just lived off the decently sized inheritance our parents had left us. It wouldn't last too long though, so as the eldest child in the family, felt the need to be responsible for them. I started job hunting and eventually landed that sweet gig as an assistant. I had planned to then finish my degree and look into becoming a partner at a local law firm. Of course it didn't turn out the way I had initially planned. Life is strange like that; I had never considered the possibility of being enslaved by my little brother.

In the end, it was a blessing. Probably the best thing to have ever happened to me. Master had told me everything and I was so glad that He had hypnotized me and made me His personal maid and fuck toy instead of some other woman. Although I looked like I was satisfied with my previous life; I wasn't. I was depressed and didn't have any real sense of direction. I had no purpose. Now, I finally do - someone to serve and care for, for the rest of my life. Master had given me that purpose and direction. Honestly, I think that I was born to be His slave. I am perfect for the role. Who knew that I could be such a great submissive? I pitied the rest of the world; they will never experience what true happiness is like. They will search and search, blindly thinking that having more money or more children will finally fulfill the gaping hole in their hearts.

Fools. The lot of them.

After my enslavement, Master had made me drop my degree and so I had raised the issue of finances to Him, worrying that His standard of living would drop considerably. He gave me His blessing to find another job, and so I did. When I was still studying at uni, I had received many offers of sex for money in real life -when I was walking around campus- and from private DMs on my Instagram. They offered really good money, but being a prostitute seemed like a really degrading thing for me to do back then. I was disgusted and just ignored them.

Now, circumstances have changed. I really wanted Master to have a good, stress free life so I found work as a stripper downtown. It made us a lot of money, but soon enough Master made me drop that too. He was extremely jealous that I was performing naked for other men's pleasure, and had angrily stated that I was His and His alone.

Now I work as a cam girl on the side. For some odd reason, Master found that performing for people online wasn't the same as performing in real life, so He didn't mind my new job. In fact, Master would often join in on the fun and fuck me in whatever way our viewers requested. It was shocking - the money we made. I hadn't known it previously, but they are A LOT of people who are into incest and even more people who have a kink for dominant/submissive power play. When they found out that I was His submissive, not to mention His sister, they would go CRAZY with their requests. Some even offered ludicrous sums of money for private shows or specific requests for me to do the most degrading things possible for their viewing pleasure.

It was sick. But Master loved it so I had to love it too.

They didn't know that I was brainwashed to be His submissive. They just thought I had always been a submissive at heart and chose my brother do be my dominant. And from that, my loyalties could be swayed. One guy had offered me $1.5 million to ditch Master and be his submissive instead. Of course, I had told Master about the deal. I had hoped Master would reject it but that amount of money could set Master up for life and I would respect His decision and be happy for him if he had accepted the deal.

I will never forget that moment when Master kissed me after I told Him. He said that no amount of money could take me away from Him. I cried and then He took me to bed and fucked me until His cock could take no more.

A slave couldn't possess anything so all the money we made from caming belonged to Master alone. Along with my share of the inheritance, previous savings, and all my assets. Even my body. My breasts, cunt, ass all belonged to Master so I couldn't use them without His explicit permission. Master had been smart and generous enough to open up a joint account to put half the money that we earned in so I could still have money to purchase groceries and buy just about whatever that caught my fancy. I was already completely satisfied with everything I had (or lack thereof) so I just used the money to purchase more gifts for Master, and to buy makeup - not that I used it too often. Master didn't like girls who had too much product on their faces, so I just used a pinch here and there - mostly preserving my natural beauty. All the beauty products I used had to be the highest end designer goods. Anything cheap - Master shuns.

Groaning, I swept away some of my hair that had fallen limp across my face and reluctantly moved Master's arm to the side so I could crawl out of bed. I realised that His cock was still wet; pre cum was oozing from the tip, leaving a small pool on the sheets. I was half tempted to just lap it all up, but I would need Master's permission for that and waking Him up for no good reason was the last thing I wanted to do.

With a sigh, I gave Master a peck on the cheek and headed to the bathroom to perform my daily rituals... and to pick up my little bitch of a sister.

***

"So how's the brat?"

I stiffened with anger at my sister's words, but quickly calmed myself back down - I had to act normal to avoid any suspicion. I wasn't a slave when she had left for college and I'd hated my brother back then.

"He's fine," I replied coolly. "Still a spoiled little shit. You should see the queen size bed he bought for himself!"

"Typical," Laura laughed then turned towards me, her eyebrows raising in surprise like they did when we first saw each other at the terminal. "Nice dress. Are you going on a date with Sam later? Where did you buy it?"

She was right to be shocked. Wearing a dress like this wasn't 'me' at all, and certainly wasn't appropriate for the occasion. It revealed too much skin -way too much- and hugged the curves of my body so tightly that I felt like I was suffocating.

It was a sexy red dress, one that you would wear only for something like prom night. My back was completely bare except for a couple stylish straps that crossed each other forming an 'x'. The expensive material only just barely covered my breasts, and was hung on by a pair of thin straps that connected to the ones on my back.

I was worried that my nipples would pop out if I moved too much, but fortunately they hadn't ... yet. The dress ended down at my heels, but there was a huge open slit along the right side showing off my smooth, tanned legs and sending cold chills to my bare pussy.

I didn't have any other clothing to wear. Master had me burn all my previous outfits (it was to psychologically distance myself from my old life and accept my new one) along with making me delete all my contacts and old photos. He bought me only the sexiest and most expensive clothes for when we had occasional fancy dates out. I thought it was a waste of good money, since we seldom had such dates, and all I wore at home was either my maid uniform or nothing at all.

"Bought it at Lavender," I replied, more self-conscious about my choice of clothing now that she had mentioned it. I wished I was in my maid uniform. It was still fetching -revealing a bit of breast and hugging my ass nicely- but it didn't show nearly as much skin. "You like it?"

Laura's eyes widened in surprise. "Lavender? The designer store?" she gasped. "Holy shit Em. You must be earning mad cash!"

I shrugged and forced a laugh, careful to keep my eyes on the road.

Laura then continued talking about school, her new friends, and whatever else that popped into her head. I only paid half attention. She was soooo boring! Had I been like this too? I must have been.

We reached a red light and I used the pause to look Laura over. She was pretty - like a mini version of me. Strangers never doubted that we were sisters. My male friends would often talk about her. Some even wanted me to be their wingman (or woman) for a go at Laura once they figured out I only saw them as friends and nothing more. They were disappointed, but figured if they couldn't have me, Laura was the next best option.

I admit that I was jealous. Why should I share Master with this woman? Wasn't I enough? But those are selfish, ignorant, scandalous thoughts. If Master found out, he would surely punish me. Master wanted Laura as His next slave, and I should do my duty and carry out Master's wishes - whatever they may be. I might not be happy about it, but Master's happiness was what really mattered. Not mine.

Laura was only nineteen, five years younger than me, and had the look of someone much younger, which was clearly reflected in her attitude. Like me, she had natural auburn hair with matching green eyes. Recently, Laura had experimented with a new look, by dyeing her hair blonde, cutting it to shoulder length, and styling it with curls.

I wasn't sure if Master would approve of that or have her dye it back to its original colour. Master was very picky with my looks and had a big uniform fetish - often dressing me up as a schoolgirl, cheerleader, stewardess, nurse, and would fuck me in them. He finally settled for a permanent uniform, since dressing up as a maid was suitable for my role as His submissive. My brother was different from all my previous partners, preferring to fuck me in my clothing rather than naked.

I wondered if Master would go so far as to make us sisters as similar as possible - same hair length, style, colour, and with matching uniforms. Aside from a few freckles on Laura's face and her being (much) shorter, we would be hard to distinguish then.

My gaze trailed down her breasts, to her curves and finally, to her ass. I nodded with satisfaction to myself and for her benefit, still pretending to be interested in the conversation. Master would be very pleased that Laura had kept fit. Especially the ass. Master was a HUGE ass lover and Laura had a pretty nice one, though mine was certainly better. I worked very hard at the gym so my curves were more pronounced, and my ass larger and firmer still - having been toned to near perfection. I hoped that that would make all the difference to Master. I loved the times where Master would spend hours and hours just worshipping it. I would be hurt if He switched His attention to an inferior one like Laura's. That wouldn't be fair. Not at all.

I focused my attention on my sister's lips. She had been talking nonstop for the past 15 minutes, so they were a little bit chapped, but otherwise they looked made to be kissed - soft, tender, and very full. Master would definitely make me worship them soon and I licked my own in anticipation. Not from my own pleasure (I wouldn't get any) but the pleasure of Master watching, maybe recording the scene from afar, and then afterwards I would have the blessing of being allowed to play with his cock. He would replay the video over and over until his salty cum filled my mouth.

Master used to enjoy buying escorts - sometimes multiple - and had them come over for me to fuck in any way He desired. But He hadn't done so in a while. I guess I'll be stuck with Laura. She still had innocent, sweet look on her face that I hope will drive Master crazy - I know I would.

I hoped Laura wouldn't notice the wet spot that was forming on my dress. I wasn't wearing any panties - Master didn't bought me any.

The light turned green and I stepped on the gas, finally trying to pay attention to my sister's boring yet persistent yapping.

-David-

I was delighted when my two beauties returned home safe and sound. Of course Laura didn't even bother to greet me. She just sniffed and walked past me to her room. I hoped Emma had cleaned her bed well - we had fucked on it a couple of times, and I vividly remembered a time where I completely missed Emma's boobs when I forgot to warn her that I was about to cum as she was giving me a handjob.

Emma greeted me with a deep curtsy like always - making sure that Laura's back was turned - and gave me a quick peck on the lips. I nodded with satisfaction when I tasted strawberry. She had taken my preference to heart.

My elder sister looked stunning today. She was in a tight, sexy red dress that I had bought for her a couple of weeks back. Coupled with the 'social collar' that was neatly strapped to her neck - she was a vision and my wet dream come to life. I had originally planned to take her out to a Michelin star restaurant to test how she looked in it, but the idea always slipped from my mind. I had been busy recently, having joined an online gaming tournament, and spent the past week practising for it.

Now I know how it fits her and it was well worth the couple of grand I paid. The dress complemented her curves almost too perfectly. Though, there was a dull stain on the dress where her pussy was and I could only wonder what she had been fantasizing about to get so worked up like that. I hoped it was not from staring at a hottie. It should be impossible, given her programming, but I still needed to make sure so I made a mental note to question her under hypnosis later on. My hold over her could potentially have weakened since I had not hypnotised her in weeks.

"I can't be in uniform?" my slave grumbled when Laura was safely ensconced back in her room. There was a loud click as she locked the door.

"Soon love," I replied, running a hand along the small of her back, enjoying her curves like I always did before moving down to her ass. "I will soon start hypnotising her and then she'll have no choice but to accept you acting as my slave."

"I like the way she did her hair," I added as I kneaded her soft ass cheeks. "She looks exceptionally hot today. Maybe I should cut yours to match."

My slave replied with a strained smile then leaned in to me once more, firmly wrapping her lips around mine before I could say anything else. I accepted it and soon we were making out furiously with her tongue deep in me, moving in ecstasy with mine. I pushed her roughly to a wall and used a hand to raise her right leg up high so that her dress slit widened and her dripping pussy was fully exposed to me. Emma almost lost balance when I raised her leg without warning, but she steadied herself by leaning backwards more. Finally my beauty broke the kiss, panting hard. She quickly unbuckled my jeans and zipped open my fly, allowing my throbbing wet cock to spring free.

Emma moaned - a little too loudly- when she caught sight of my hard-on, her lips quivering and her eyes filled with a mad hunger. I suddenly remembered that Laura was in the house and cursed myself for momentarily forgetting her. How could we possibly explain ourselves if she were to suddenly pop out of her room?

"No," I whispered in my sister's ear as she tried to kiss me again.

"Please?" my slave begged, biting her lower lip. "We will do it quietly. She won't hear a thing. I promise."

"No," I said again firmly, and Emma nodded her head obediently, her gaze cast down at the floor.

I felt a bit guilty so I added, "we will do it tonight, when she's asleep. I will even let you blow me beforehand."

Emma brightened up almost instantly and gave me a final lingering kiss before she curtsied her dismissal. Her red dress was now stained with both our juices and I grinned at the sight. It reminded me of dogs marking their territory and I surely had marked Emma plenty of times. For a moment, I thought of peeing on her later tonight to literally mark my 'territory', but quickly dismissed the thought with a cringe. What the fuck was wrong with me?

My slave swung her hips at me as she walked away, but took a moment to pause by Laura's room in the hallway before storming off to her own, shaking her head and muttering something.


I knew that Emma was jealous when I told her of my plans to enslave our younger sibling. She never was good at hiding her emotions from me. Before her enslavement, Laura was everything to her. Now that I had knocked Laura out of that position, Emma had come to despise her, seeing her as a competitor and a nuisance.

Truth be told, I didn't know what to make of it. Should I let her be jealous or hypnotise her so she would love Laura again? I couldn't decide.

Emma and I were alike in that we were both very jealous individuals. I didn't like it when she had performed for the pleasure of other men when she was a stripper, and God forbid if there was even the slightest of chance she might develop feelings of attractions for another man. No matter how harmless it seemed, sometimes she would unintentionally glance up when a hot guy passed by us and that's why I had stripped out her ability to feel any attraction. All men were now ugly in her eyes, except for me of course. She could still find women attractive, but couldn't derive any sort of pleasure from them. That probably explains the sudden dislike of Laura (and basically everyone else) after she became my slave.

Emma, in turn, would hate when I ignored her and gazed longly at other women when we had our dates, or when she was forced to perform handjobs on me while I jacked off to pictures of hot models instead of the pictures she sent me. It was an extremely one sided relationship - but I was the Master, not her. Though there were limits on what I could do since she was so emotionally vulnerable towards me. I didn't want Emma to be miserable.

Recently I had even started masturbating by myself again, in private, getting off while scrolling through Laura's Instagram and Facebook photos.

Best to keep that a secret from Emma.

It's kind of funny; like a forbidden fruit situation. I mean, although they both look alike, Emma was still the (much) more attractive sister - someone I had lusted after for as long as I could remember. So many masturbation sessions, wet dreams, thoughts, and long gazes when she wasn't looking - all dedicated to her. But when Emma became mine, it downplayed her value and I would find myself lusting after someone else who wasn't always at my beck and call. I had already explored, fondled, and felt every inch of her body. Once the unknown becomes known, it isn't that special anymore.

Now she was going to have a lifelong competitor for my affections. I had to tread carefully - Emma was already extremely emotional when dealing with me so I had to make sure she would still feel loved even when I would have Laura as my own.

And I didn't want Laura to be as emotional, so I had to program her differently from Emma.

Very differently.

One clingy, jealous, emotional slave was already more than enough.

***

-Laura-

I pressed the pillow more tightly against my eardrums. Why the fuck are they so damn loud?

Especially Em! I never knew she was a screamer but my God, was she ever. The loudest screamer on the entire fucking planet. I wouldn't be surprised if astronauts in space could hear her right now. There was no way I could possibly get any shut eye. Don't they know anything about privacy?

It's been 2 weeks since I arrived back home and everything was fine and dandy until about a couple of days ago - when my genius brother and sister decided to just start fucking in the living room, which was right outside my door, instead of the usual Master bedroom. It was like they didn't even care that I was right here.

Having had enough, I angrily threw my pillow across the room. I watched it sail through the darkness before making contact with my bookcase, knocking off a couple of my teddy bears. I strode across the cold ceramic floor and opened the door.

I squinted my eyes and blinked repeatedly as I was temporally blinded by the harsh fluorescent lights.

I could immediately smell sex in the air- a thick, dirty, musky scent. As I regained my focus, I could make out two figures on the floor. One was naked, lying on his back while the other was on top, clothed in a maid uniform and was thrusting back and forth furiously. My dear sister was riding my brother with such brutal intensity. Both of them were groaning, grunting and moaning but I could only really hear one of them as the other was drowned out by the screams.

I just stood there in my pink PJs, arms crossed and a disgruntled frown on my face, while I watched them from my doorway hoping one of them would notice me.

James came first. I saw his eyes widen and his body tense up. My brother - finally making use of his hands that were previously limp on the floor - half sat up and leaned in, wrapping them both around my sister's hips and thrusted even deeper. It was unnecessary, since the entire length of his cock was already buried deep inside Emma's sex.

"Cum now," he grunted, thrusting again, forward and up.

Emma obeyed. Her rhythm quickened and her screams got even louder still as she came.

Soon both of them were breathing heavily, slick with sweat. There were a couple of cum stains on the ground - semen that looked thick as treacle. I could hear James muttering something to Emma, and she lifted off his cock and gave him a kiss that would put most couples to shame.

My brother was the first one to notice my presence. He grinned when he saw me, not even noticing the anger that was written on my face. "Hey Laura, enjoy the show?"

Emma turned and I could see her features harden when she spotted me. "What are you doing?" she snarled, "You are supposed to be in bed."

"Can't sleep when you are fucking screaming all night," I retorted and shouted an imitation of her.

"I AM CUMMING, MASTER! MASTER! MASTER! FUCK! OH MY GOD!"

Emma bristled with rage then she took a threatening step towards me, but James -still on the ground- reached over and gently touched her thigh. She immediately stopped, her rage evaporating just as quickly as it had come, and turned her attention back to him.

James gestured her to lean closer and whispered something in her ear.

Emma got up and walked over to me. This time there was no anger, just a sly smile on her pretty face. I didn't know how to react. I half thought she would slap me for shouting at her, but what she did was far worse and completely unexpected - my dear sister wrapped her hands around me and gave me a passionate kiss that was similar to the one she had just given James.

She tasted sweet. Her wet lips had a lingering hint of strawberry. I could feel my PJs getting wet as she pressed herself onto me - her uniform was splattered with semen.

Before she could do much else, I regained my senses and pushed her away.

"What the fuck, Em?" I yelled, confused and angry at the same time. I started brushing off some of the white goo that had stained my PJs but all that did was get my fingers wet. I cringed in disgust. Emma didn't say anything. Instead, she looked back over at James who was softly stroking his cock, trying to get it back to erection.

My brother met my gaze steadily and I found myself looking away. "What's wrong Laura?" he said softly, "Emma not a good enough kisser?"

"No!" I stuttered. "I am straight. I don't like women."

Even as I said that, I wondered what the hell was wrong with me. I should be screaming at them for causing so much noise and also ... the kiss! What was that all about? Emma should be apologising to me!

"No?" my brother asked, his voice still soft and strangely eerie. I shuddered. "Go clean yourself up and go back to sleep or you might be late for your hypnosis session tomorrow."

Hypnosis sessions. I don't know why I bothered with them. It's not like I need it or anything. But, dear sister had convinced me otherwise, saying it was a great way to relax and clear my stress for the day. She had practically begged me to just try it once - and so I did. I had started a week and a half ago and I do admit that I feel so much more relaxed and happy after my sessions even though I couldn't remember a damn thing. After that first session, I found myself unable to say no for the subsequent ones.

I stuck my tongue out at him. "You're not the boss of me."

"LAURA! GO NOW!" Emma thundered, her voice booming around the house. I jumped up. She had NEVER gotten this angry with me.

I could feel tears forming around my eyes and I ran back into my room slamming the door shut behind me.

***

"Laura?" a familiar voice said, shaking me awake.

I groaned and opened my eyes to see Emma staring down at me. Strange. Her emerald eyes seemed to be glowing mesmerizingly.

I sat up, and raised both fists to stretch. "What time is it?" I asked with a yawn.

"Half past nine," my sister said, without looking at the clock. I rubbed my eyes and looked at her. She had already gotten ready, having a little bit of makeup applied and her hair tidily done up in a ponytail. She was wearing her usual clothing: a simple black dress - that was perhaps a little too tight - that ended just below her knee, revealing her shins. She had a (now) clean white apron tied to the front of the dress that was held together by a perfectly symmetrical knot, finished with an expensive looking black leather collar and matching black high heels.

"What do you want?" I asked her, yawning again.

"Breakfast in bed," my sister piped up happily, carefully handling me a tray. It smelled good. They were two items on it. A piece of toast with scrambled eggs on top, and a cup of steaming hot coffee.

I frowned at them then looked at my sister. She shrugged. "Master ordered me to."

She watched as I ate and sipped. I pretended to only care about the delicious meal in front of me, trying not to meet her gaze.

"Sorry for last night," Emma suddenly spoke up. "I was too loud. I won't scream as loudly next time. But as a woman, you have to understand."

I didn't, but just nodded, not even bothering to question it. Since last week, my mind seemed to be in a constant haze, not questioning anything - no matter how weird (or sick) it was. It's like I didn't have the willpower to do so, and was trapped in my own head.

Whenever, I wanted to text my friends about what I'd seen in my home recently - my sister suddenly calling my brother "Master", her wearing a maid uniform and performing the role of one, and not to mention the loud, constant fucking - I just couldn't. My mind would go blank and I would just shrug and toss my phone away, accepting it for what it was. I knew it wasn't normal but somehow it seemed like it was.

I just don't know anymore.

Emma kissed me on the cheek and then brushed the back of her hand along it, sweeping my hair back behind an ear. "I knew you would."

I said nothing to that and continued eating.

"Master asked if you had any ongoing relationships."

I frowned. "Why would James be interested in my sex life?"

Emma frowned too and creased her brow. I could feel her fingers on my cheek stiffening. She opened her mouth to say something but stopped herself.

"Master," she said after a while, giving the word a certain tone. "Master has every right to know about His pets' lives."

I wanted to scream I am not his fucking pet, but no matter how hard I tried, I couldn't say it. The words seemed stuck in my throat, and then would fizzle out entirely.

She resumed stroking my cheek. "Anyways, finish your meal and get yourself ready for your hypnosis session in thirty." She got up and wandered into my walk-in closet before coming out and throwing me a tank top and a mini skirt. "Wear these for now. I will come back later to get measurements for your uniform."

She started for the door but stopped at the doorway. "Oh, and I threw away your old shampoo and all your perfumes. You will only use the ones that I buy for you, and later on I will get you some lip glosses and eyeliners. Meanwhile, you can borrow mine." She pursed her lips before adding. "Also, I am going to buy you a car and give you access to His joint account. Master, for some reason, doesn't want you to use His BMW. Do you have any particular vehicle preferences?"

I looked at my sister like she had just gone crazy. "Why would I need a car? I am only staying here for three more weeks before catching the plane back."

Emma laughed at that and waved her hand dismissively before heading out with her hips swaying. "Not anymore."

-Laura's story will be continued in chapter 3-

***

Author's note:

Due to the unbelievable amount of feedback I received, here's part 2! I really hope that you all will enjoy it since I really do enjoy writing these. Feedback is very much appreciated.



My Sister, My Slave Ch. 03
byGiantNutWrites©

-Laura-

"No! Not like that." my sister sighed deeply, exhaling the air out of her nostrils for longer than necessary. I hate when she does that. It is the same sigh that Mom used when she was very disappointed in me.

"Chest up, shoulders back, hands flat on your thighs, balance your weight on your hips, eyes down, and be still. You already know this, Laura. Do it correctly this time, please."

Grumbling, I stood up. Pins and needles pricked all over my legs and my knees ached with a dull throb. I ignored them and kneeled back down, shifting my hips back and forth to adjust my position and ticking off all the mental cues. Satisfied, I looked back up at my sister.

Emma circled me for a moment, stroking her chin and muttering to herself. To my relief, she finally nodded her satisfaction and gave me her first smile of the day. "Perfect. But remember, you are not supposed to look up unless Master wants your attention."

"Are we done? My knees hurt like hell."

Her glare hardened and I looked away. "Speak properly and then I might dismiss you."

I almost drew out a sigh of my own but held back. "Are we done, Mistress?"

"Yes, you are dismissed," my sister said, helping me up to my feet. "You did well today. Sorry for being such a bitch recently. I just want you to be absolutely perfect for Him."

I nodded understanding and returned her smile, burying my annoyance deep inside. She was right; Emma had been a real bitch in the last couple training sessions - snapping at me whenever my positions were even slightly misaligned, and groaning whenever I said the wrong things when she pretended to be James. I wasn't perfect, but I was confident that I could present myself well to him. Yeah, so what if there were rough edges in my kneeling and curtsying? If it was good enough, why go for perfection? Sometimes my sister just drives me nuts.

Emma plopped down on the side of my bed and patted the spot beside her. "You will be serving Master for the first time in about an hour from now," she said. "How do you feel?"

I scooted next to her so our thighs were touching. She smelt different today. Vanilla with something flowery - Roses? Lilies? Maybe a mixture of both.

I inhaled deeply, taking in more of her."Fine, Mistress." Roses. It must be roses. It makes sense since James likes them.

"Good!" my sister beamed at me. "I need you to be perfect later on, okay love? Every mistake you make will reflect back on me." Her smile faded. "And I don't want Master to be upset with me."

I put my hands over hers and realised that she was trembling."I will do fine," I said, squeezing her hand and giving her a smile. "Jam-, uh, Master, will be pleased with me. I will make you proud."

I leaned forward, to give her a reassuring peck, but Emma stopped me by raising a hand over my hair and cradling the back of my head. She looked at me for a moment, her gaze wandering over my features: my flushed cheeks, the curve of my nose, the rounded arch of my cheekbones, then gazing up, settling on my green eyes, lighter than hers, but still a dull, glittering green.

My sister's gaze lingered on mine for a while, like she was staring straight into my soul. I fidgeted. I couldn't tell what she was thinking, no hints from her glowing emerald eyes or from the numb expression on her gorgeous face. Was she scared and worried because she didn't trust me? Or does she want to fuck me?

I couldn't tell.

I didn't avert my gaze. Emma let out a small, sharp exhale, giving me a glimpse of her perfect white teeth and the pink of her tongue, then an equally quick inhale. I realised that her breath was quickening; Emma was getting horny.

She wanted to fuck me.

"Emm-"

Her gripped tightened and my words were muffled as I was roughly pulled forward, straight to her inviting lips.

Strawberry. She tasted just like strawberry.

Soon we were in the middle of my bed with Emma straddling herself on top of me. I felt the mattress sink luxuriously under our combined weight, enveloping me in a warm comfort.

My dear sister was kissing me with a passion that I had never felt from anybody else. Her tongue explored me, darting around as I desperately tried to meet her with my own. I tried to return the passion, pressing my mouth tightly over hers and pouring every ounce of my soul into the kiss.

I moaned as she slid both hands under herself, and over my breasts, squeezing and gently kneading them. I hoped she could feel my heartbeat thundering beneath her palms. I wanted her to know how much I wanted her, how much she turned me on.

I began sliding my hands from the small of her back, down to her ass, caressing and savouring her lovely curves, before going under the hem of her uniform and gently squeezing those soft, but firm, bare cheeks.

Emma broke the kiss and locked eyes with me. Green met green. "Harder," she panted. "Squeeze them harder. As hard as you can."

I obeyed, using all of my strength. She closed her eyes and sighed softly, before wrapping her lips around mine again and continuing where we left off.

Fuck. It felt so good.

We stayed like that for a while, our uniforms grinding against each other and Emma's ponytail swaying wildly as she kissed me. We should just be naked. It would be so much nicer to feel her warm, bare skin on mine... and with her fingers in my cunt...

My sister drew her tongue back and bit down on my lips making me squirm and doubling the intensity of my moans. Her hips started grinding up between my thighs, and every thrust pushed me closer and closer to the edge.

Her eighth (nine?) thrust rocked my hips, making me squeal in surprise. There was more force behind it, and the subsequent ones made it clear that it was no accident; my sister's movements were now more erratic and aggressive - more desperate - as she drove down on me, her breath quickening and her growls thick with lust. The thought of her desperate longing towards me ignited a burst of fire deep in my chest, warming my insides and at the same time, sending cold shivers that spread from my fingertips to the soles of my feet. She wants me to come. Well, Mistress.. your wish is my command.

Emma suddenly froze mid thrust and her hands stopped their delicious kneading and squeezing. I let out a mournful noise of protest and frowned in annoyance. Why?! What now?

"Don't cum," my sister whispered, staring nervously at my apron. There was a wet spot soaking the fabric and it was growing larger by the second."Oh god, Laura, don't cum. You are not allowed to, remember?"

"Oh, sorry," I muttered, blushing slightly, all my dreams and fantasy shattering in an instant.

My lover rolled off me, and my body ached from her absence. "Trust me, I would love to bring you to orgasm right now but Master's orders are Master's orders."

She licked at one of my nipples, then the other, as a form of apology before walking over to my desk and plopping herself down in the chair. She frowned at her reflection. Emma started smoothing out some of the wrinkles out from her uniform and then removed the black hair band from her now messy ponytail. Her smooth auburn hair cascaded down, covering her pretty face and draping over her chest.

God, she was stunning. The literal embodiment of perfection.

My sister carefully redid her ponytail, then stood up, gesturing to the chair. "Sit. Now." I shivered at her tone. I was really starting to enjoy being bossed around.

I eased myself into the seat, but not before Emma gave my ass a playful slap. The slight pain sent a thrill through my body, causing me to inhale sharply.

I whirled towards her and my sister laughed, breaking her strict facade. "Sit," she smiled and I frowned in response, not wanting to give her the satisfaction of knowing that I had enjoyed that.

I sat in the chair, eyeing her suspiciously, but Emma just got to work, straightening out my uniform and undoing my ponytail. My blonde hair rolled down, falling in soft, curly waves to my shoulders. Emma helped tie it back up, then started checking for loose strands.

Satisfied, she turned her attention to my reflection."You are beautiful, Laura," my sister said, running her fingernails over the fabric covering my chest. "Master should be proud to have you as His slave." She buried herself in the curve of my neck and I felt goosebumps prickling up in response. "The perfume I bought matches you perfectly. I hope Master will like it."

I went red at her praise and quickly looked away when I caught her gaze in the mirror. I started studying my own reflection as an excuse to avoid her stares... and that damn sly smile that was slowly playing on her lips. She was well aware of the effect she had on guys and found some sick pleasure in teasing them. I always laughed when she did it, but now I know what it's like to be on the receiving end - and it's no fun.

I still thought that I looked weird in my maid's uniform. I felt like a penguin prancing around. On the first day after being handled it, I had hid in my room, not daring to go outside and have Emma or James gawking at me. I had to, eventually, because Emma had gone pounding on my door, shouting at me to come out and do my chores. Chores that James used to have to do. My brother's gaze would then trail me whenever I was in his sight, and sometimes he would even snap pictures on his phone when I was bent over - to clean something or pick up the things he'd drop.

The outfit was tight, hugging my tan figure and displaying all my curves nicely and my breasts swelled from the confines of the fabric, begging to be released. I'd gotten used to the discomfort, along with walking around in high heels at home. What I hadn't got used to though, was the damn collar. It made my neck itchy as hell - I think it's the leather. I'd raised the issue with Emma but she just told me that I would get used to it.

Having to be subservient to both of my siblings was something I was still adjusting to as well. In just a month, I had gone from an equal in the household to having to obey both of them. James hadn't really given me any commands yet, but Emma had gone crazy with them and I often went to bed drained and fatigued. My sister was a strict Mistress, but she was also (mostly) fair and loving.

I was just surprised that my brother hadn't laid a finger on me yet. I guess I respected him for that - he could just tell me to get down on all fours and fuck me. I couldn't resist because Emma would go bat shit crazy if I dared deny his advances.

My sister was a different matter, I actually wanted her to fuck me - and, oh boy, did she, though only recently. I knew I had to fuck James soon and I was certainly not looking forward to it. Somehow, I doubted the validity of Emma's high praise of him, saying that his cock was the best she'd ever felt and that his cum was the finest she tasted.

"You are going to finally offer yourself to Him, right?" my sister said, as if reading my thoughts. "You know I had to work extra hard and fuck him more ever since you came back last month, right?"

"As if you mind the extra fucking," I snorted and she giggled.

My sister rested her chin on my shoulder and started tracing patterns on my thigh with a polished fingernail. "But seriously, Laura, don't be selfish," she purred, her breath tickling my skin and sending shivers down my spine. "You are a slave now and your primary interests should be Master's, not yours." I felt her nibbling at my earlobe and I squirmed. "It's time to offer your pussy up to him. He won't wait much longer. He shouldn't have to."

"Yes, Mistress," I sighed.

Emma scooted herself into my view and her green eyes hardened, "I won't command you to do it but I want you to promise me that you will."

I took her hand and squeezed. "I promise."

Emma smiled and stood up. "Good. If Master is pleased with you, He will most likely give me permission to make you cum tonight." Her eyes twinkled. "It would be a treat for both of us. I haven't touched that sweet pussy of yours for a few days now" - she licked her lips- "I hope the swelling has died down."

She gave my right breast a squeeze and kissed me once more before winking and slipping out of my room, leaving me with nothing but the lingering taste of strawberry and a disappointed, but a very wet cunt.

***

-James-

I was beginning to really enjoy stroking Laura; I had no idea why. My younger sister was more of the silent type; she didn't purr, moan or shudder like Emma would. In fact, she was stiff as a tree and had worn a stoic expression for the past hour that she'd been kneeling here beside me, only shifting slightly from her kneeling position every once in a while to readjust herself. Maybe it was the feeling of my fingers running down her blonde hair - smooth, soft, curly, and wonderfully lush- or maybe she was just a nice balance to Laura.

I wondered if Laura would still be silent while I was fucking her?

This was the first time my younger sister was attending me after undergoing intense slave training. She would be here with me until I dismissed her, caring for my needs and catering to my every whim while I played games and binge watched Netflix.

My gaze flitted between my screen and her; I had the best angle on her cleavage from up here and it was making me horny as hell. Probably as horny as when Emma excitedly led me to her room to take my virginity. Finally, after weeks of holding myself back, I was going to fuck her. I was going to fuck Laura today.

I stopped my stroking and lifted her chin up with my thumb. Laura met my gaze but quickly dropped her eyes once she figured out I wasn't going to say anything. I grinned at the homage paid to me. Emma had taught her well.

I swept her curly hair back behind an ear and leaned down, sniffing the sides of her neck. Peaches. I like it.

"Are You pleased with my scent, Master?" my slave asked, her gaze still on the ground. That was the first time she'd called me 'Master'. "If it isn't to Your liking, I can change it."

"No, it's perfect." I sniffed again. "Em bought you this perfume?"

"She did. Mistress has good taste." Laura looked up and offered me a small smile. "I am glad You like it, Master." She purred the last word, and I had to hold myself back from jumping her right there and then.

This was like a dream came true. Finally, Laura was mine.

Truth be told, I hadn't expected her programming to work at all. It shouldn't have. I had (mostly) kept her free will untouched, which was a HUGE risk. Laura's submission wasn't like Emma's; she actually had to make the conscious choice to be my slave.

She still had an almost complete say about her thoughts and decisions. No jolts of pleasure from obeying me, and no forcing her to do anything she didn't want. I wanted Laura to make the first move. It would be so much hotter if my younger sister actually wanted me to fuck her instead of being forced to.

I still had to put some safety precautions in her mind. When she was put under a trance in her hypnosis sessions, I'd blurred out her moral boundaries, forcing her to accept that Emma had become my slave and that being a slave herself and committing incest was completely normal. I thought about putting up complete mental walls, like I did with Emma, but that would have blocked out her free will - so I didn't, and just resolved in implementing one: a mental blockage if she ever tried telling anyone about my little secret.

The big question was: how could I make Laura want to fuck me, without making that choice for her myself?

The answer was Emma.

Emma was her motivation. I'd hypnotised Emma to love her sister again (so there wouldn't be any conflict of interest) and I eventually turned Laura bisexual in her programming sessions. I then told my slave that I wanted her to convince Laura to accept being my slave, and she was more than happy to obey.

It worked. I had no idea what Emma did, but in a matter of weeks, Laura now WORSHIPPED her. Emma even made her willing to sign the contract to be our submissive (The contract was materially useless, but it still had a strong physiological effect).

Today was the day. Emma told me that she'd make our sister promise to fuck me today. Well, I REALLY hoped she would do that soon, because I was losing my patience and my underwear was already completely soaked with anticipation. If she doesn't offer herself up to me, I would just have to punish Emma for failing me, then start reprogramming Laura to be more to my liking. Though, that would mean stripping her will out and replacing it with my own, and I hated failure.

It was make or break time. Either Laura would initiate things or she wouldn't.

I stood up. "I am going to go find Em."

Laura perked up at the mention of our sister. She got up to her feet, brushing dust away from her uniform and wiggling her toes around a bit.

"Stay," I told her. "I will be back after I fuck your sister. It will be quick."

My heart was pounding as I walked towards the door, my strides slow and deliberately short. Please stop me. Please stop me.

Nothing.

I frowned, my hand tentatively clasping around the doorknob. I started turning it. This is your last chance, Laura.

"Master, wait."

Triumph blossomed in my chest. She did it. Holy shit. She really did it. I turned towards her with mock curiosity drawn on my face. "Yes?"

I relished the sight of my sister standing there, cheeks flushed and eyes cast down on her shuffling feet."No need to go. I -I- "

I watched in delight as her hands clasped more tightly together, turning her fingers to the same shade as her cheeks. Laura exhaled slowly and straightened herself. "No need to go to Mistress," she said, her voice soft, but surprisingly steady. Her gaze travelled upwards, meeting with mine, and I could see clear determination in those dim green eyes. "I will do it. I will fuck You."

-Laura-

My sister shifted her body and turned sideways so her erect nipples were pointed towards me. "Details," she demanded. "Now."

I blushed and gave her a lopsided shrug. "Well, he went to find you for sex...but I offered myself instead."

Her words were a blur. "How did He fuck you? How fast did He come? Did you clean Him afterwards?"

Sinking deeper into the bed, I answered her. "Uh, we fucked doggy style and he came really fast. Like, really fast." We both laughed. "Yeah, I did clean him after with my tongue. Then he made me bend over on his bed while he spanked me and played with my ass, for like, an hour." I grimaced and unconsciously rubbed a hand over my sore bottom. "That wasn't fun."

"Oh, love," Emma laughed and started her hands towards my ass. "How sore are they?"

"Don't touch them." I slapped her hand away and covered my ass with the blanket, using it as a shield.

Emma gave me her adorable giggle and traced a finger down my neckline, between my breasts and flicked an erect nipple. She giggled again. "That bad? Did He use the toys?"

I frowned. "What toys?"

She scooted closer to me, her body curving into mine and her warm breath tickling my cheeks. "Nevermind. God, Laura. You are so hot. Has anyone told you that?"

"Well," I put a finger on my chin, pretending to think hard, "a few guys ... and my sister too. Quite regularly, in fact."

Emma punched my arm. "Oh shut up. I only say it because it's true." She cupped my face. "And You. Are. So. Fucking. Hot." She punctuated each word with soft, sensual pecks on my lips, before leaning forward, committing herself and kissing me harder. I melted against her.

I squirmed as she suddenly bit down on my lower lip, then drew back and glared at me."Make your hands useful, Laura." she said sharply, like a teacher lecturing a student. Emma guided my hands from the small of her back and placed them firmly on her ass - one on each cheek. "Hands stays here. You are not allowed to move them until I make you cum. Do you understand?


She was going to make me cum. I nodded excitedly, unable to hold back a grin.

"Laura?"

"Hmm?"

"Do you understand?"

"Yes, Mistress."

"Good girl." Her grip tightened on my wrists. "Now squeeze. Squeeze them harder than what you did this morning." she winked at me and my heart fluttered. "Don't worry, I am used to the pain."

I obliged and Emma nodded, her green eyes glazing over. "Better," she breathed. "Much, much better."

Her lips came back to mine and I accepted them eagerly, taking it all in - her soft lips, her firm ass under my palms, her full breasts crushing against me, and a mixture of strawberry, vanilla and roses overloading my senses and sending me into heaven.

My sister ran a smooth, delicate hand over my thigh and I instinctively spread my legs apart and tilted my hips, angling myself to give her easier access. Emma began making small circles around my labia, tantalizing me with what was about to come.

Without warning, she plunged a finger inside, then another, spreading them apart and stretching me open. My groans were muffled by her mouth as a third went into my tight confines, making me thrash around in complete ecstasy, my hips rocking back and forth against her fingers, and my boobs swinging wildly.

I can't take this anymore. I am going to cum.

My lover broke the kiss, drew herself to my ear and whispered. "Cum now."

The climax hit me like a tidal wave. My hips jerked and my knees weakened, before collapsing under me. "Oh God! Oh, fucking shit, Em. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck."

My sister withdrew her fingers and rolled off me. She sat up, causing her auburn hair to cascade messily across her face. She hurriedly gathered it up and tossed it behind a shoulder to watch in satisfaction as the orgasm that she had brought me tore through my body. I writhed and shuddered uncontrollably as every single muscle fiber in me tensed up then spiralled out of control.

I didn't fight it. Instead, I plunged my fingers deep into my core and rode out the waves and waves of pleasure as it overwhelmed my entire body and filled my soul. I didn't want it to stop. I wanted to feel this every day, every moment of my waking life. But of course, that was impossible; all good things must come to an end. And as the last waves of pleasure slowly left me, and the fire in my chest fizzled out, I let out a final, drawn out moan - more primal than human - that shook the walls and filled the room.

Finally, I collapsed on the bed with a muffled moan and gazed up at my sister. My Goddess.

Emma caught my gaze and a coy smile graced her lips, making her pretty cheeks blossom. Making sure I was still watching, she took her fingers, that were just moments ago inside of me, to her lips and began lavishing them with her tongue.

After she licked them clean, she used those same fingers and slipped them between her thighs. My sister began masturbating; biting down on her pillowy lips and rubbing her clit furiously. Soon, she came too, lifting her head up to the heavens and grunting softly through clenched teeth.

"Mistress," I managed through heavy breaths as I slowly recovered myself, "that was amazing."

My sister cuddled up against me, her smooth skin slick with sweat, and her sweet scent overpowering me. "I know," she giggled. Emma removed her fingers from her cunt and wiggled them in front of my face making her juices drip off her fingers onto the mattress ... and my body. I shuddered.

"Taste," she said and I froze. I had never tasted her before. There had been a lot of kissing, slapping, kneading, and cuddling, but she never allowed me inside her pussy - near, sure, but never inside - which was unfair because she'd spent plenty of time in mine. She had been strict about it too, saying that her 'prize' was only reserved for James and would slap me whenever I'd asked or begged for it.

"You deserve it," Emma said, noticing the look on my face. Before I could reply, she slid her index finger between my lips and pressed down on my tongue.

I was finally tasting her, and oh my god, she did not disappoint. It was everything I'd dreamed of: so light, so smooth ... so delicious.

I started lapping at her finger, sucking and savoring every bit of her wetness. Emma withdrew her finger when it was sucked dry and I closed my eyes with my mouth open invitingly, expecting another to pop in.

When none came, I opened my eyes and looked at Emma questioningly, frowning my discontent. My sister challenged my gaze, her eyes boring through mine with such intensity that I dropped them, submitting to her will.

I yelped as my sister tugged my hair roughly, making my head snap back up as she growled. "You will get more of me when you have earned it."

My sister let go of me and immediately pushed me down. The moment my back hit the bed, she crawled onto my lap and straddled my hips, not giving me a chance to escape - not that I wanted to. "I will bed with you tonight, but first -"

She leaned down and licked my pebbled nipples, sending jolts of pleasure radiating through my body, and making my hands involuntarily shoot up into the air. They were swiftly brought back down to the mattress as Emma roughly seized my wrists, locking me in an iron grip, and pinning me back to the bed."Your hands stay here, understand?"

I nodded meekly. "Yes, Mistress."

Emma returned the nod and released my wrists, resuming her delicious nipple licking and sucking. I bit my lips, suppressing a moan and trying my best to keep my hands as still as possible.

I could seriously get used to this submission shit.

I sighed happily and relaxed my muscles, letting myself sink back into the bed and allowing my sister to do whatever she'd planned to do with my body for the rest of the night.

***

I awoke to sunlight streaming down upon my face, coating me like a thin, warm blanket. I blinked the sleep out of my eyes, then raised a hand to shield them from the sun. The first thing I noticed was the soreness that pulsated throughout my body. I groaned. Emma really did a number on me last night.

Emma.

I shifted to my side, and to my dismay, only saw an empty pillow and a discarded blanket. My sister was gone. My hand reached for my phone on the bedside table. Twenty-three unread messages, and if the time on my clock was accurate, she had gotten up way earlier than usual. Strange. What purpose did it serve waking up at the crack of dawn, aside from gazing upon the hazy orange sky and the thin layer of fog that surrounded our neighbourhood?

I sat myself up and groaned again. I rubbed my knuckles into the small of my back, trying to drive some of the soreness away and tugged on my collar, to give my neck some relief. Fuck, I hate this collar.

Normally, I would just go back to sleep, but I was thirsty, and maybe Emma was in her room. I could sneak in and flop down in bed beside her.

There were cleans pairs of black and white maid uniforms hanging from a knob at the entrance to my closet -Emma must have cleaned and ironed them out- along with lavish pairs of midnight black high heels sitting in the corner. I didn't felt like spending the time to get dressed -that can wait until after I bathed- so I just walked into my closet to look for my undergarments but found none. I'd completely forgotten - our uniforms didn't consisted of any, so Emma had threw them all away. With a sigh, I headed out my room butt naked and resigned myself to the long walk to the kitchen.

I ran a tongue through my mouth, tasting the aftermath of last night and a small smile played across my lips. Emma had promised me more soon, and I couldn't help but be excited about my - no, our - future. My sister was the perfect lover and I really doubted that anyone else could fulfill my needs like she could.

As I made my way to the kitchen, I heard whispers coming from the room directly ahead. Emma's room. As I drew closer, I could make out two voices. The talkative one was male, and the other was soft, feminine, and weirdly dull - like she was droning from a script.

I pressed my ear against the door, and almost gasped when it swung open a crack. Curious, I glanced through the ajar door. Were they fucking?

No, Emma was sitting on a chair, facing me, with James opposite her. My sister was nude, which was odd since she had applied light makeup to her face, had done up her hair and was wearing her high heels. What was even weirder was the look on her face; her eyes were glazed over, unblinking, and tears and drool were dripping off her chin and onto her lap. She was following the motion of a swinging pendant that James was holding, her flat eyes moving left and right in a steady rhythm, completely fixated on the quartz crystal. I recognised it as the same one my brother used when we had our hypnosis sessions.

Why was she getting hypnotised? Was she that stressed out from all the training she'd given me and wanted James to help her relax? Guilt wrapped around me and my insides churned. I felt tears welling up in my eyes. I had given her my best during training. Was I such a bad student, that she needed hypnosis to relieve the pain I had caused her?

James's voice broke through my thoughts.

"Who is your Master?

What?

Emma replied, her eyes glistening with tears but never moving away from the swinging pendant.

"You are, Master." Her voice was monotonous, dull. Eerie.

"What is your sole purpose in life?"

Her answer was immediate. "To serve You, Master."

"Do you love Laura?"

"Yes, Master."

"Do you love Laura more than me?"

"No, Master." My heart sank.

"If you had to choose between her and me, who would you pick?"

"You, Master."

"Good girl." Even if I couldn't see my brother's face, I could hear the obvious satisfaction in his voice. I imagined he was probably wearing a smug grin too.

Why is he even asking her these questions? Isn't this supposed to relax her and clear stress? He already knows the answers to all those.

"Is there anything you are hiding from me? Anything I need to know?"

"No, Master."

"Is that little spark of resistance still in you?"

"No, Master."

"So, it's not there? You don't want to escape my control anymore?

"No, Master."

"You are completely fine with me brainwashing you?"

"Yes, Master."

The realisation hit me like a truck. Oh my god.

"So you want me to keep brainwashing you? To keep you as my slave forever?"

Her voice cracked. "Yes, Master. Please." There was a need in her voice. The same desperation I heard whenever she wanted my brother to come inside her.

"Why?"

"Because my sole purpose in life is to serve you." she paused. "And it makes me so happy." -my sister cracked a smile and her hand slipped between her legs- "so so happy."

"You live to serve me."

"I live to serve You."

Oh my god.

"You are mine."

"I am Yours."

"Say it again."

"I am Yours."

Oh my god.

"Again."

"I am Yours."

"Again."

That motherfucker was brainwashing her! It all made sense now. Emma's sudden devotion to him... my sudden devotion to him. And thinking back now, I hadn't been attracted to women - to Emma - until very recently. Did that fucker brainwash me to be infatuated with women?

It had to be, I vividly remembered a couple of weeks ago, after my hypnosis session and waking up from the trance. I had been extremely horny. James had dismissed me and I spent the whole night, masturbating to female models, my female friends, and... Emma.

Was my love towards Emma fake? Was it all a lie?

No. It couldn't be. It felt so real, as real as all my previous lovers - even more so.

This can't be happening. I needed to get out. Escape. Go somewhere. Anywhere. I needed to tell someone about what that bastard was doing to us.

The police.

Adrenaline pumped through me as I turned on my heels and ran towards the front door, flinging it open. A barred steel gate blocked my path. My hands flew to my pockets, to search for my keys, but my fingers found only bare flesh; I had completely forgotten that I was still naked.

Shit, shit, shit.

I ran back towards my room and my eyes frantically darted around, hovering over the usual spots. Where are my fucking keys?

Books, makeup equipment, my phone, water bottles were all flung into the air as I desperately searched for my keys. I knocked over the lava lamp that Emma had given me for my eighteenth birthday and watched in horror as the lamp cracked and split in half. Liquid spilled onto the floor, painting my toes blue.

This can't be happening. This is all a dream, a very, very bad dream.

I continued looking for the keys: under my bed, in my closet, in the crack between my desk and shelves, in the pockets of my maid uniform. Nothing. No keys.

My eyes lit up. My phone. I could call the police on my phone. For the hundredth time, I scanned my room and saw it lying face down in the corner.

I sprinted towards my phone and grabbed it, almost tripping over an upturned chair as I did so. The screen was cracked, making my wallpaper all jagged and distorted, but that was the least of my worries. I dialed in the number but stopped myself.

Stupid. I was so stupid. What was I supposed to say? My brother has been hypnotising me and my sister to be his sex slaves? They'd probably think it was a sick joke. No, the police wouldn't believe me, but I knew who would.

I punched in the number and waited with ragged breath and a thundering heart, hoping that he would pick up.

A cheerful tone greeted me. "Hey, Laura!"

"Sam, you need to help me. Please."

"What? What's wrong?"

My brother. He's been hypnotising me and my sister, brainwashing us to be his slaves. He probably was the reason that Emma had broken up with you all of a sudden with no explanation. Please, you have got to help me.

That was what I wanted to say. But the words got stuck in my throat. I panicked, trying to force them out. "Uhhh.. Uhhh.."

"Laura? What's wrong? Tell me."

"Uhhh..."

Why? Why was it so hard? Why can't I say it? Why can't I fucking say what I want?

"Hello? Laura?"

Click. I ended the call and broke down in a fit of tears. I felt angry, confused and lost. James had thought of everything. He probably had made me not be able to tell anyone. Somehow, I needed to convince Emma. Make her see reason. Maybe she would believe me, listen to me. She has to. She will. Then we will run away together, get help, and if that doesn't work, we will go far, far away from that monster, and then we will -

I heard a sound from the entrance to my room and I jerked my head up, expecting James to be there, the pendulum in his hand and a smug look on his face. He would force me to go under trance, make me forget all this, and complete my enslavement. I clenched my fist. No. It won't happen. That cannot happen. I will fight him. He is bigger than me, but still, I will fight him. I will win. For my sake. For Emma's.

But, no. It wasn't James. Emma was standing at the doorway, a concerned look on her pretty face and my heartbeat tripled in pace, reverberating through my bones.

As I saw her standing there, naked, thoughts began to inevitably race through my head and I could feel pulses of desire heating up between my thighs. With her elegant curves, perfect teardrop breast and cleanly shaven cunt. She was a sight to behold, a Goddess of beauty and sex.

My sex began to leak unwillingly.

Emma looked me up and down before speaking, her voice silky smooth - like an Angel's - and I almost didn't notice the overwhelming concern that clouded her sexy voice.

"Laura?"

***



My Sister, My Slave Ch. 04
byGiantNutWrites©

-James-

"I am Yours." My sister's monotone voice echoed through the room.

I fumbled in my chair, scrabbling to pull down my loose cotton shorts. A moan escaped my lips as I stroked my rapidly growing erection, making my pendant hand shake. I hadn't planned to orgasm and make a mess, but this was just so hot. Emma would clean up anyways. She always did.

My rhythm increased. "Say it again."

"I am Yours."

I felt the climax coming. "Again."

"I am Yours."

I am going to cum right on her lovely breasts, then I will fuck Laura. She hasn't experienced waking up with my dick shoved in her cunt yet.

One more time. "Again."

"I am You-"

A loud sound startled me and I dropped the pendum to the ground, the quartz crystal bounced once, then lay flat on the carpet. I whirled around and saw that the door was slightly open, then heard scurrying steps outside.

Shit. Laura.

I hadn't expected her to wake this early and Emma had assured me she was sound asleep when she'd left her. Stupid, stupid! Why didn't I lock the door?

I turned back to Emma. Her gaze was cast down at the floor, fixated on the gem.

"Trance out," I said hurriedly and at the same time, snapped my fingers in front of her face.

Emma blinked once, twice, then started wiping away tears with the back of her hand. She blinked once more, then looked up at me. "Master," she smiled. "So how wa-,"

"Laura saw us."

Her brow furrowed. "What?"

I could feel myself panicking."Laura. She saw us. She fucking saw us, Em." I started pacing around the room in exasperation, making wild gestures with my arms. "What do we do? Fuck, what do we do?"

Emma stood up. "Relax, Master. Please." she walked up to me and put a reassuring hand on my shoulder but I smacked it away.

"Relax?! Are you mad?" I glared at my naked slave, "She saw us, Em. She fucking saw us." I felt anger bubbling inside me and I raised an accusing finger at her. "This is all your fault. You said she was asleep."

Emma's hand fell back to her side and she dropped her gaze. "I am sorry, Master. I will fix this. I promise."

"Fix this? Fix this, Em? How are you going to do that? It's all over. She was perfect. Now I will have to reprogram her and wipe out her memories. She won't be the same."

"I am sorry, Master," my sister repeated, tentatively putting a hand to my cheeks. It felt warm, comforting, and that soothed my anger a little bit.

I exhaled slowly, mentally counting to ten.

If worse came to worst I would lose Laura, but that wasn't all bad. I would still have Emma and she was the hotter sister anyway.

I raised my right hand to caress her cheek, to show her that I was back in control, but my heart dropped when my sister winced.

In my agitated state, she probably expected me to slap her. I don't blame her, but her reaction hurt me and the rest of my anger faded away, replaced by guilt. I had never physically hurt her -except for maybe going overboard when playing with her ass- but I'd never hurt her.

"It's okay," I told her, despite being the one who was just moments ago panicking. I skimmed a hand over the curve of her full breast, along her sides, and finally gripped her hips. "I am sorry."

Emma smiled. "Don't be." She gave me a quick peck, her eyes twinkling and her scent soothing. "It's my fault. I will make it right."

I ran my tongue along my lips, appreciating her sweet strawberry taste. "How?"

My beauty started for the opened door and my gaze instinctively lowered to her swaying hips. "I have got Laura wrapped around my fingers," she said confidently. "She will listen to me."

I wasn't so sure about that but I followed her out into the living room anyways. The main door was wide open but strangely the outside gate was not. Why hadn't she unlocked it and run? Did she change her mind?

"Laura?" my older slave called out, opening doors and peeking inside.

There was a loud crash just ahead of us -Laura's room- and Emma raced to it. Laura's door was wide open and Emma stopped in the doorway.

There was a pause as my older sister accessed the situation. "Laura?" she finally said and took a tentative step inside.

Curious, I followed and peeked over her shoulders. It was like a hurricane had swept through. Everything was a mess and Laura was completely nude, crying in one corner of the room. She was crouched low with her knees to her chest, disappointedly covering all her juicy bits.

My younger sister turned scarlet when she saw me. She stood up and pointed an accusing finger. "You." She turned to Emma, her voice hoarse. "Em, he's been using hypnosis to brainwash you. I saw him."

Emma offered her a smile and walked towards her. Her voice soft and warm, almost melodic. "I know, love."

Laura's face was a mess of emotions. "What do you mean 'you know'?"

"He told me everything. He did it to improve all our lives." Emma smile widened. "Tell me, love. Since being a slave, has your life improved?"

Laura was silent.

"I can tell you that you are much happier now," my older sister said. "You've found your calling, your purpose, in serving Master." She slowly ran a finger down Laura's breast, twirling it around an erect nipple. "And you found me."

Shit, this isn't looking good. I hadn't tampered much with Laura's free will and she still could form rational thoughts. Emma was smart, but I hadn't realised that she'd gone so far down in her brainwashing. Right now, she sounded like a crazy woman.

Laura must've realised that too because she pulled away from our sister's grasp, backing until she felt solid wall. "Em, snap out of it. Please." She started snapping her fingers in front of her face. I would have laughed if not for the direness of the situation. "He's controlling you. He's putting thoughts in your head. Fight it."

My older sister shook her head. "I know that, love." She reached for Laura again. "He told me everything and I am okay with that. You will be too."

I started getting worried when Laura picked up a stray glass shard off the ground. "Stay away from me," she said, pointing the sharp end at Emma, then at me. "I will get help for you, Em. But first, I need to deal with him."

She stabbed the air in my direction, her intentions made clear. "I am going to tell everyone what he is doing to us, to you."

Emma wasn't fazed. "Tell who, love?"

"Anybody. The police. Sam."

"Sam?" Emma scoffed. "What's he going to do? He's terrible at everything." she giggled. "You should've seen him during sex."

This isn't going well. I should order Emma to restrain Laura, then I will forcefully bring her under trance.

I took a step forward, to take control of the situation but Laura immediately noticed and glowered dangerously. "You stay there. You don't. Fucking. Move."

Emma looked over her shoulder and concern flashed in her vivid green eyes. "Master, please."

When she was sure I wouldn't make any more sudden movements, she turned her attention back to Laura and raised her hands in surrender. She took another step forward.

Laura aimed the weapon back at her. "Stop." She tried to sound confident, in control, but her voice wavered.

Emma spotted the weakness, and her boobs jiggled as she inched forward. They were now a few feet away from each other. "Or what, love? You are going to hurt me?"

"I am warning you, Emma." My younger sister glared at her. Fresh tears were now streaming down her face. "Don't move. Please."

My slave ignored her warning and took another step forward, then another. The shard was now touching her upper breast. Slowly, she reached to pry it out of Laura's grip.

Laura didn't move, didnt react. She just looked on defeatedly as Emma yanked the weapon away from her trembling fingers and tossed it aside, landing with a 'clink' as it hit the ground.

"Oh, love," my older sister whispered. She thumbed Laura's flushed cheeks as more tears streamed down.

"Em please don-" but she was silenced as Emma leaned forward and gave our younger sister a sweet, passionate kiss.

Time seemed to freeze as I stood there awkwardly, watching my two beauties making out. Laura was stiff at first, but eventually gave in and committed to the kiss. It was probably the only time in my life where I didn't get turned on from seeing two hot girls make out with each other.

Emma broke the kiss and offered our sister a smile. She pecked her lips one final time before pulling away with a girlish giggle. Laura smiled too, but that quickly evaporated when she caught sight of me still standing there.

"Kneel," Emma said flatly, as if telling a dog to sit. Her tone struck the air with a commanding chill I had never heard from her. I shuddered. I was so used to submissive Emma and it was kind of intimidating seeing her like this.

Laura dropped to her knees and judging by her expression, she was just as shocked as I was. It was probably an automatic response that was ingrained in her during those intense training sessions.

"Laura," my older sister said, running a delicate hand over her head and stroking her luscious blonde hair. "You can leave. I won't stop you. Master won't either. You can go to the police, or to Sam," -I caught her lip twitching as she said her ex's name- "but if you leave this house, you will never see me again."

"Yes, Master is brainwashing us," she continued, "but it's all for the better. My life has improved dramatically ever since, and yours has too. So you can go get help and ruin everything, or stay here, complete your training," -she pecked the curve of Laura's nose and squeezed her right breast- "and be with me, forever."

Laura's gaze flitted between the door, Emma, and me. A frown marred her perfect features as she weighted her choices.

"Think about it, love," Emma whispered in her ear. Her voice was now couched low and seductive. "I know you hate Master now, but eventually you will understand Him. And I love you, Laura. I love you with all my heart. Please don't leave me."

Tears welled up in Laura's eyes as she hugged her sister tightly, my cock finally awakening as I watched their slick, naked bodies pressing against each other.

"I will stay," my little sister finally said, and a huge wave of relief washed over me. "But," -she looked up at me and her face twisted into a scowl- "I won't act as a slave any longer. Fuck you, and fuck what you did to Emma. If you want me back, you will have to completely brainwash me." Her voice cracked and tears began flowing down her cheeks again. "I'll willingly subject myself to your hypnosis, but only if you promise me that you will be kind to her."

"Master has always been kind to me," my older slave chimed in, snuggling herself on Laura's shoulder. "Haven't you been watching?"

"I need to hear it from him."

I tried to keep my voice steady and confident. "I promise."

From her frown, I could tell that she didn't believe me, but what else could she do? Besides, I really meant it.

She glared at me for a while longer before reluctantly withdrawing herself from her lover. Laura pushed up to her feet and headed for the door. "Well?" she looked over her shoulder at me and her scowl deepened. "Are you coming or not? Better hypnotise me quick before I change my mind."

***

"That's nice Em."

My slave smiled and continued moving her breasts up and down my cock while I lay on her bed and enjoyed the boobjob. The best pair of breasts in the world. Well, I had only felt two pairs in my life, but Emma's looked way better than the ones in porn videos, so it was a safe assumption.

My sister increased her rhythm and squeezed her perfect teardrop breasts together as hard as she possibly could. She aimed her mouth in front of my tip and her tongue lolled out in anticipation.

"Okay, stop."

"What? Why? Did I do something wrong, Master?"

I sat up and ran my hand along my erection. I didn't want it to deflate just yet. "No, but I already fucked you this morning. Now it's your sister's turn."

Emma pouted. "Then why tease me if You weren't planning to fuck me in the first place? That's just mean, Master."

I winked at her. "I know. Now, where is she?"

"I told her to clean Your room before You called me in here. She's still probably there."

"Alright. Go get me some food. I want sushi."

"Yes, Master." My sister managed a smile, curtsied, then walked to the bathroom to clean herself up.

As always, I watched her delicious ass swaying as she went. Then I picked myself up and headed off to my room, still leisurely stroking my cock and pondered how I was going to fuck my little sister. No foreplay, I finally decided. Just straight raw fucking until I came in her.

I walked into my room and was surprised to see that it was still a mess. Laura was standing in a corner, hands folded in front of her bare breasts, with an annoyed look on her pretty face.

"If you want your room clean, then tell me to do it yourself."

"Hmm?"

"You heard me."

"Didn't Emma command you to clean up my room?"

My sister scowled at me. "She did. But you told her to tell me that. I am not stupid. You are purposely avoiding giving me direct commands for the past two days. Why?"

"Consider it a little punishment."

Laura bristled with anger and started towards me. "Punishment? Punishment? What the fuck have I done wrong? I did everything you told me to do. Everything. I had been a good slave and you know it."

She reached me and balled her hands into fists. I didn't blink. I knew she didn't plan on hurting me, no matter how mad she was. "You know what I think?"

I didn't answer.

"I think you are 'punishing' me because you are a sadist. You enjoy misery. You know I need the damn jolts and you are purposely not giving me them to make me suffer." She shook her head. "God, I sound like a crack addict."

The pleasure jolts. Last week was scary. I really thought Laura would at least put up a fight or something, but she had kept her word and willingly subjected herself to hypnosis, though she was terrified. She knew it was probably her last moments of free will, and would be a mindless, soulless slave after she woke up.

But all I did was insert the pleasure jolts. They'd trigger whenever she obeyed me or gave me an orgasm. It only took a day for her to get insanely addicted to them. It surprised me too. I knew they were addictive, but not THIS.

I could have made her completely mine. Made her just like Emma. But I didn't want to admit defeat yet. No. The jolts were a last ditch effort, and it had worked out beautifully.

"And look," she pointed at my still erect cock. I had abandoned stroking it; the sight of my beautiful, nude sister bristling with rage was a huge turn on in and of itself. "You have been fucking Em haven't you? You'll fuck her, but you refuse to fuck me?"

I offered my annoyed slave a smile. "Actually, I just made Emma give me an erection and came here to fuck you."

"Liar."

I got annoyed at that. A slave shouldn't call her Master a liar. "Why would I lie to you? Fine then, change of plans." I walked back towards the door. "I am going back to fuck your sister instead."

Laura grabbed my wrist. "Wait."

I looked back at her. Her annoyed expression was gone and had been replaced with a mixture of embarrassment, guilt and.. fear?

"I am sorry. That was uncalled for. Please forgive me."

I nodded. "Alright, Laura. Tell me, what would you do for the jolts."

"Anything."

"Anything?"

"Yes, anything." She met my gaze. "Was there ever a time I disobeyed you or hesitated on any of your orders?"

She had a point. She had been a perfect slave for the past week, and I had gone to bed every night with a thoroughly satisfied cock.

I made my way to my bed and sat down on the edge. I patted the spot beside me. "Come sit here."

Laura obeyed, practically running to me. My sister shivered as she plopped herself next to me and her eyes rolled back, showing her whites. She was really getting off on obeying me. "Oh god, that feels so good."

After she calmed down, Laura faced me and spread her legs, exposing her engorged pink flesh and thrilling, abundant wetness.

It was tempting, but I had something else in mind now. I patted my thighs. "Lie across my lap."

My boner throbbed against her stomach as she did so. I took a moment to survey the gorgeous landscape of my sister's body. Her tan figure complimented her curves nicely, and I smiled in satisfaction as I saw that she was still working hard in the gym. The lean muscles on her upper back contracted as she tried to get comfortable in her unfamiliar position. Her lower half was undoubtedly her best feature: smooth, toned legs and an ass so firm and full it was almost worth dying for.

Almost.

I rubbed light patterns over her left cheek, drawing out the anticipation of what was about to come.

"Laura, my dear."

Her voice was barely more than a whisper. "Yes?"

"I want you to count off each blow."

I was delighted when she finally realised what I was about to do. She jerked up slightly and both her cheeks tensed.

I exhaled, drew back and delivered a firm smack on her left cheek.

The blow wasn't hard; I wanted to start off slow. But still, my slave whimpered.

"One."

"That's my girl," I said and tenderly traced circles over the spot that I had just made contact with. Then quickly, I drew back and slapped the other cheek.

"Two."

I slapped the same cheek again. This time, it was harder, and Laura gasped in surprise.

"Oh god. Three."

I delivered another blow. Her right cheek was already starting to turn pink and I admired the faint outline of my handprint that I had left on her luscious bottom.

Laura was getting wet. I could feel her juices leaking out from her sex and onto my thigh, her warm wetness an inviting contrast to the otherwise cold air.

"Laura?"

"Five. Oh, god five."

This time, I slapped her harder on her left cheek, the one which hadn't turned pink yet.

Gasping, Laura tried to roll her hips away, but I held her in place with one hand to her back. "Don't move."

Oops, that was a command. I didn't want her to come just yet. Laura immediately obeyed, holding still and letting out a long, primal moan. "Six. Fucking six."

"Master," She shifted her weight to the side again. This time I didn't stop her. My slave looked up at me, her eyes filled with pleasure and pleading. She pressed her ass to my stomach, using it as a temporary shield. "I am going to come."

"No. Do that and I really will punish you."

She furrowed her brow, but said nothing and I pushed her back into position.

The moment she hit my lap, I smacked her cheeks again, one after the other.

"Seven." A pause. "Eight."

"Do you like this?"

"I will if you allow me to come." Her tone grew softer, sexier. "Please?"

I laughed at her attempt and brought another hand down on her tender flesh. Both of her cheeks were now glowing red. "Don't you dare come."

Before she could count the blow, I delivered another hard smack and a cry of pain mixed with pleasure escaped my sister's lips. Tears began welling up in her eyes.

"Laura."

"Eight, nine."

"Am I hurting you?"

Her whole body trembled, betraying her words. "No."

The tough girl act, huh?

"You won't come?"

Despite the tears, she sounded confident. "No." With that, she lay back down and wiggled her ass at me invitingly, but I was done with it.

"Kiss me," I commanded instead.

In an instant, she was on me. Laura pushed me back onto the mattress, her luscious blonde hair cascaded down around me, and her hands explored my body. One of them found my erect cock and started stroking it from root to tip.

She knew that I was done playing. Making me come meant receiving another one of those pleasure jolts, and that was all she wanted right now. She said she would do anything for the jolts.




Anything.

Laura leaned down and I accepted her lips just as eager as she was. She tasted like faded breath mint and it complimented her sweet, savoury fragrance of peaches. We had kissed multiple times before, but this one was different. I could practically taste desperation on her lips.

My sister let out a low growl that rumbled through her chest and the rhythm of her hand increased. She pressed her tongue into the seam of my lips, trying to force it in. Her message was clear: Let me enter.

I sighed and her tongue quickly slipped in, tasting me in long leisurely licks with just the right amount of aggressiveness to make me go wild. I returned it with lush slides of my own, grabbing her tender ass cheeks and squeezing them tightly.

I could feel Laura's body reacting to the pain and I swallowed her gasp. Her pussy throbbed with wild, hot excitement and I could feel her heart thundering against my body as her body curved perfectly into mine. It was as if she was born for this, born to make love to me. Born to fuck me.

Laura broke the kiss, her chest heaving with lust. She stopped jacking me off and instead angled my eager cock right below her sex. She didn't even wait for permission like she was supposed to. With a wild thrust of her hips, she brought my full length into her, and it was my turn to gasp. She was tight. Very tight. I exhaled in a rush, not wanting to orgasm right then and there.

My sister started pounding against me, her grunts in sync with her short and powerful thrusts. Laura held my eyes as she wrapped her toned legs around my midsection, inviting me deeper and deeper into her until I could go no further.

"Oh God," she bit out, still maintaining eye contact, her teeth grinding. "I'm going to make you come in me so hard."

The dark promise excited me. In the heat of the moment, it seemed as if this was the best sex of my life. I wanted to prolong the experience. Prolong it for as long as I possibly could.

"Sto-" But it was too late. I felt the rapid rise of my climax as her hips mercilessly pounded into mine. I had never seen this side of my sister. In that moment, she was an animal; driven by a singular goal: To make me cum.

I cried out as I exploded into her. The pleasure jolt kicked in and she came too. Her core seemed to tighten up even more, clenching and flexing around my throbbing shaft. I expected her to scream or moan loudly, like Emma always did, but Laura was silent. Aside from the low grunts that matched her unceasing thrusts, she was taking all of me silently.

"That was great," she smiled as the last of my orgasm ebbed away and she leaned down to give me a peck. Her lips lingered on mine for a while, then she drew back. "Thanks for that."

Great? That was fucking amazing. I should have implemented the jolts from the very beginning. Why hadn't I?

"You came without my permission," I said, layering my voice with fake irritation.

"Oh, please," my sister snorted. "Your rules are stupid."

"You are my slave. You have to obey them."

She stuck her tongue out at me. "Fine."

I was still inside of her and the thought of that made me smile. "Em told me that there's a fancy new restaurant that just opened in town." I ran a hand through her messy sex hair and brushed several stray strands away from her face. "Want to go tonight?"

"Is that an order?"

"No, but if you do come, I will be extra kind to you from now on. No more punishing you for no reason."

My sister put a finger to her chin. "A date with my brother, huh? What shall I wear?"

I glanced at her curves. From her pronounced hips to the cute slope of her nose, the rounded arch of her cheekbones and the smooth descent of her upper breast, there was no doubt all eyes would be on her tonight, and on me too - but probably with a much different emotion. "Your choice. But something sexy. I want to show you off."

"Something sexy. Got it."

"I swear that was our best sex yet."

"Daily practice with Em has paid off." She fidgeted. "May I get off you now?"

I nodded my approval and grunted when she crawled off me. My dick seemed to mourn as it went from being in warm heaven back down to earth. My slave roughed her hair for a moment before glancing at me. "Do you want a hot bath?"

I grinned. "Yeah, with you in it."

I laid in bed, not wanting to move from my comfortable position as my slave prepared my bath. Life was good. Too good. I had two beautiful women who were totally devoted to me. And I owned them. I wondered what would life be like if I hadn't discovered hypnosis. Probably filled with depression like I was all those months ago.

"Master, it's ready," my sister called out from the bathroom.

I grunted, stood up and stretched. My back suddenly ached, probably from the merciless hammering Laura did to me and to my dick, but I was still up for more. Maybe again, after our dinner. I had never had sex in the car before, but I suspected it would be fun. Laura will make it fun.

But first...

I walked into the bathroom. "Hey, Laura?"

"Yeah?" my sister was sprawled in one end of the steaming tub. Thank god it wasn't a bubble bath - all her important bits were on full display for me.

I slipped a finger in the water. Perfect temperature. Just the way I liked it. I dropped myself into the tub and moaned in delight as warm water enveloped my body.

"Master? What is it?"

I slid to the opposite end of the tub. "Come here."

She quickly obeyed, desperate for more jolts. I spread my legs and she settled in between them. "Mhmmm."

"Well? I am waiting."

"What? Oh." My sister's gaze flitted between my limp cock and me. "Up for another round so soon? Are you not like, exhausted already?"

In response, I ran my hand through her luscious hair, across her flushed cheeks, down her fine shoulders, through her smooth curves, feeling up her tan, toned figure, and finally down to her...

Laura slapped my hand away. "Don't touch them," she snapped.

"Those belong to me."

"Yeah, well, you can't touch them till they recover. Seriously, I really don't get your obsession with ass."

I raised my hands in mock surrender. "Alright, alright."

Her gaze settled on me. There was a long pause, then finally, "we need to talk."

Ah, those dreaded four words. The four words that ended friendships, relationships, and even marriages. Except she couldn't end this one. That wasn't her call.

Still, I was a bit nervous. "What is it?"

"I need to know about our future."

I raised an eyebrow. "Our?"

"Me, you, and Em. What will happen once you get bored of us."

I frowned. "Bored?" I leaned down to lick her erect nipples, savouring the left one first, then the right. "How can I ever get bored of you?"

"You will. You are human. We won't entertain you for long. After years of this, you are bound to get bored of us and find other women."

I went silent. I hadn't thought about that before.

"I am just thinking long term. If you decide to leave us, I really don't think Em will accept that. She worships you. I don't know what she would do. And me too; I need the jolts or I will go bat shit insane."

I squeezed her breast affectionately. At least what I thought was affectionately. "I won't ever leave you. You are my sister."

"Promise me then. Promise me you won't ever leave Em or me."

Another promise. But if that is what it takes to make her happy...

"I promise."

Laura nodded, flashed me a small smile, then her gaze dropped and she stared blankly at her rippling reflection. "Thank You."

There was another long silence, but finally my sister looked up at me, and once again, I took in all of her features. I still couldn't believe that we were sitting in the tub together, naked, and that we were about to fuck again, and again tomorrow, and again the day after, and-

Laura leaned forward so that our lips were almost touching. "So, are we doing this or what?"

Her breath tickled my skin and it sent warm tingles through me. "Yeah, we are."

"Then give me the command."

"Laura-"

My sister spread her legs, raised her hips and inched closer, so close that her breasts pressed against me, and her cunt was just inches above my swollen head. I afforded a short moment to inhale sharply, appreciating her scent of peaches.

It seemed as though the temperature of the water had doubled, making me perspire in heated anticipation. Her emerald eyes, so filled with yearning and lust, seemed to glow with even more intensity.

"-fuck me."

She smiled and lowered herself. "Yes, Master."

-end-


Author's note: Wow, what a ride! This is the first ever series I have ever completed. I am actually kind of proud.

I hope that you enjoyed it, and want more! This isn't the end; my next series is in the works.