Family Fuck Frenzy
Story info

Slut seduces family into bi incest in single afternoon.
27.4k words
4.65
102.1k
125
12
PUBLIC BETA

Your Feedback:
Opt-out
Write Feedback?
Mrhollywood699
Mrhollywood699
4 Stories
232 Followers

Angelica looked at her phone again, and confirmed the address. Yes, this was it. She looked up at the sign on the door, which showed she had come to the right place: "Smith & Son."

It was a low bungalow in the middle of an industrial area. Definitely a small business, owned by one man, Sam Smith. The man who had posted a help-wanted ad for a secretary for his business.

Angelica smiled a wicked smile. This was going to be perfect. Just perfect...

The 30-year-old was a beauty by any stretch of the imagination. Long dark hair rippled down the sides of a pretty face, topping a body that was thin where it should be, but nice and curvy where it was most needed - her breasts and behind.

Even with conservative-looking business attire, Angelica's busty D-cups seemed ready to almost burst forth from her chest; and her sultry walk and burning smile added to the allure.

Angelica knew how attractive she was. But she was more than just a smoking-hot babe.

She knew was a slut-whore from the deepest pit of hell.

Angelica had started off slow, not having sex until she was 20. But she had made up for her tardy start in spades. Soon after her first boyfriend, she discovered she simply could not get enough. She began fucking guy after guy after guy, man after man after man. She moved into twosomes, then threesomes, then orgies.

Angelica fucked her first woman only 6 months after losing her virginity, and thereafter gloried in her full bisexuality. By the time she knocked on the front door of Smith & Son, she had fucked over 400 men. More than 150 women.

And she wasn't even close to stopping.

Which sex did she prefer more? It was hard to say. She loved strong, hard cocks penetrating her... filling her up... dominating her. But at the same time she loved to dominate as well. To penetrate pussies with her fingers, lips, tongue; to drag screaming orgasms out of soft, feminine clits.

But most of all, she loved the juiciness of all sex. The musky, smooshiness of fresh semen; the tangy sweetness of pussy juice. Perhaps, here, men had the advantage - a cock's explosion of spunk excited her immensely, the more the better. There wasn't anything better to her in life than the vision of a huge penis erupting in orgasm, spouting shot after shot of hot, gushy sperm all over her face, her tits, her ass, her pussy...

The only problem with her sex life was that it had become too... how could she put it... monochromatic. Too typical. The kind of guys and girls she had sex with were all, in some sense, the same. Most were fully tatted up. Completely into drugs, into parties. Were completely full of themselves. Yes, she still loved them for their bodies - for their hard, smooth cocks, their soft, soaking wet pussies. But despite orgy after orgy, fuck after fuck, she had - incredibly - started getting bored.

Angelica wished, sometimes, she could go back to the beginning. Back when she first started exploring sex.

That all changed when she seduced her first married man, Brad, only six months ago. She discovered that she could explore sex anew, with someone not as experienced as she...

It wasn't as if she hadn't seduced guys before. The problem was, her past playmates were too... Willing. Too easy to seduce. They were already completely or partially perverted like her. Tatted out. Muscled out. Too... Typical. What she needed was someone "innocent." Someone unexperienced. Someone she could seduce. Someone she could corrupt... This was the taboo act she needed to make her pussy explode with orgasm after orgasm.

Fucking Brad was totally different than her usual crew of experienced lovers. Completely hotter. And massively exciting. It had happened almost by accident. Brad was a co-worker at her last "normal" job. Angelica had the hots for him immediately. But he did nothing to attract her, nothing to show that he wanted to fuck her. It was frustrating as hell.

One day she cornered Brad alone in his office. And suddenly Angelica decided to do something she had never accomplished before - seduce a completely unprepared man.

It turned out to be remarkably easy.

She brought her hot, pulsing body close to Brad, simply whispered in his ear: "I wanna fuck you." And then with lightning speed she grabbed for his cock.

Angelica honestly didn't know what to expect at that moment. And to tell the truth, she didn't care. Her brain was simply too fogged with lust to think through the consequences.

But what happened next was beyond her wildest expectations. As her hand thrust into Brad's pants, Angelica felt the man's penis almost instantaneously stiffen at the touch of her firm, supple fingers. Within 30 seconds the unsuspecting victim was completely hard and erect, panting, totally within her control.

The rest was easy. Within a minute his 6-inch member was buried deep within Angelica's pussy; she rode the hot schlong to a titanic orgasm within seconds, followed by another massive, shuddering cum as Brad's conquered cock unleashed a flood of gooshy semen deep within her pussy only a minute later.

This was an orgasm more intense than any she had experienced in years, and Angelica soon figured out why - it was because Brad was "innocent," unknown to Angelica's usual circle of sexual freaks and weirdos.

She soon wanted more. And she figured out an easy way to get it.

Angelica was basically independently wealthy by this point; several of her "sugar daddies" had showered her not only with cum, but with valuable gifts which she wisely invested. She didn't need a job anymore, and quit the business she had worked in with Brad (after giving him a final blowjob for the ages, one which spattered the whole top half of her body with juicy, sloppy cum.)

Her plan was simple: she would apply for secretary jobs at local small businesses. Then after she got the job, within a day or two at most, she would corner the owner in his office. Grab his cock, just like she had with Brad. And fuck the hell out of him.

By the point Angelica stood outside Sam Smith's business, she had carried out this plan on ten separate occasions. It had been successful beyond her wildest expectations. It turns out, men, especially married men, were easier to fuck than she would have ever thought possible. She would have thought at least one of them would have kicked her out of their office when she began her seduction.

Instead, after a husky, breathy whisper into their ears: "I want your cock... Let's FUCK!!"; after her slender but insistent hands reached down beneath their waistbands; once her experienced fingers closed in upon, clenched and began to massage the juicy cocks found beneath; then all resistance melted.

With five minutes, ten at most, she was riding each of her boss's rigid boners to massive, spectacular orgasms. She would finish them off in her pussy or in her mouth, gobbling down the hot, fresh sperm that erupted from the jerking penises; the feel of it, the taste of it would always trigger additional riotous climaxes deep within her perverted pussy.

The men ranged in age from low thirties to mid-fifties; were fat and dumpy or lean and wiry; were not particularly attractive; and possessed cocks ranging from 4 to 6 inches in length. Angelica didn't care. It was the depraved taboo nature of what she was doing that turned her so completely on, that made her vagina rocket to heights of orgasm she had never known before. She simply loved forcing these men, through the power of her overbearing, burning lust, to enter a zone of perversion they had never expected to enter.

And now she planned to do the same to her next "victim." Sam Smith, the owner of this small, Podunk little operation. Angelica slyly smiled. She would be bringing Mr. Smith to pleasures he never knew before...

The current secretary was a dowdy, overweight older woman. "You're here for the interview? OK. You might have to wait a bit. Sam's locked in his office again," she said. Was that a rolling of her eyes at that comment? Angelica wondered. What could that mean?

It was indeed somewhat of a wait. Fifteen minutes into it, Angelica seemed to hear a muffled noise emanating from within the owner's office. Was it the sound of a groan? Then five minutes later, the door entered, and Mr. Smith emerged.

He was a man she estimated to be in his early 50s, balding, with a slight paunch. He looked at her with interest. Clearly, she knew, she was the best looking of any of the candidates that had yet appeared.

Angelica smiled inwardly. He was perfect. A perfect specimen. She was going to have a LOT of fun here...

***

Angelica got the job, of course. Given her looks, and the way she had flirted shamelessly with Mr. Smith, it was a given.

Only a few hours into her first day of work, her pussy was drooling constantly with anticipation of what was to come. And there was something about Mr. Smith, the way he looked at her, the smell of something in the office, that was turning her on more than usual. She just couldn't put her finger on it... But she knew she wanted his cock. Deep in her juicy twat. Wanted his hot juice. Spurting all over her face. The sooner the better...

Angelica planned to accelerate things somewhat, to fall upon and conquer Mr. Smith's cock at closing time.

She was all ready to start the process around 5 p.m. It seemed like the office was empty. She began to make her move... when all of a sudden a head popped into the frame of the office.

"Oh, hi, Charly, you're back." Mr. Smith greeted the newcomer. "Angelica, this is my son Charly. He's usually here in the office, but he had some off-site work to do today."

Charly was in his early 20s, of thin build. He looked quickly at Angelica, then sheepishly looked down.

"Oh well, time to go home. Charly's usually my ride." Mr. Smith explained. "Still lives at home," he mock-whispered. "I guess he likes mom's cooking too much."

Charly only responded with a thin smile. Angelica was left crestfallen. Her seductions would usually take place after work had ended, when the office was completely or partially empty. But it looked like Mr. Smith would consistently go home with his son every day. And that Charly usually worked in the office. This threw a wrench into the situation... How was she supposed to get the time to fuck Mr. Smith if his son was constantly around?

Angelica decided to think over things that night, and decide whether to stay or go the next day.

She was still trying to figure out what to do the next morning. But her mind was made up for her almost right away.

"I'm going to the jobsite today, Dad," Angelica heard Charly say as he left the office. "Be back around 3."

So that was it. Angelica's perfervid pussy began to heavily drool again. She would do it this afternoon, around lunchtime.

Mr. Smith was going to get an afternoon experience he was not likely to ever forget...

***

Sam had just pulled out a lunch and set it on his desk when Angelica approached.

"Why don't you come back in an hour or so, I want to finish my lunch and a few things..."

Sam went silent as he saw his new secretary's look. Her face was vulpine-like, red, totally focused. On him.

Angelica sidled right up to Sam, who was seated on the couch in his office, and repeated the words that had always worked to kick things off. "Mr. Smith... I want your COCK... Let's FUCK!!"

Sam's brain had barely acknowledged the unbelievable words when something more incredible happened. Like a lightning strike, Angelica's hands dove down to his crotch. One began feeling down on his lap, touching, squeezing him. Touching his PENIS!

"What the fu..." Sam gulped, but his words were stopped by Angelica's lips. Her entire face pounced down on him; her tongue instantly exploded within his shocked mouth.

That's when Sam felt the next incredible thing. Angelica's other hand blasted under his waistline Down went the hand. And within a second, it was touching... IT. Feeling it. Groping it.

His secretary was stroking his PENIS!!

Sam tried to get up from his chair, but Angelica's full weight was upon him. And more shockingly, more incredibly, he felt a weakness in his legs. His penis... his penis... it was responding to the young woman's touch. Responding... feeling stimulated... growing.

"OOOHHHHHHHHH" Sam groaned into Angelica's open mouth.

At that moment, Angelica knew she had him. Just like all the others.

Drawing back her face, Angelica cooed. "Yessssss... We're gonna fuck... I'm gonna take that big fat cock and make it fuckin' cummmmmmm..."

Sam's penis grew even more turgid at the obscene, lascivious words. Then the more incredible happened. Angelica's left hand, with practiced ease, unbuttoned Sam's pants, and with a rough shove pulled down the front of his underwear.

The half-way erect penis flopped out of the pants as if of its own accord. Sam's naked cock was now in the open air, fully in view.

"AAAHHHHHHHHHH!!" the shocked middle-aged man breathed out. This couldn't be happening! It was wrong!! He was married... He had to stop it...

But he couldn't. He just couldn't!!

"Fuck yeah, what a fuckin' hot COCK!!" Angelica veritably shouted. Her hand began to roughly yet expertly tug, stroke and jerk at the growing member, which was pink, straining with lust, and getting redder. With her other hand, Angelica tugged mightily, pulling Sam's pants away from his backside to around his ankles.

Sam was squirming in his seat. But he wasn't trying to get away. Not really. His squirms merely accentuated the pleasure in his genitals. "OHHHMIGODDDDD" he groaned, uncontrollably.

With a flourish, Angelica whipped off her blouse with one hand; then expertly unbuttoned her bra. Two perfect breasts burst forth, emerging into full view; large, bouncy Ds, not drooping at all, beautiful white hemispheres topped by large, pointing nipples and a medium-sized brown set of aureolas.

Sam's goggling mouth opened in a small O. "OOHHHHNNGGGGHHHH" he gurgled at the incredible sight.

But that was nothing compared to what happened next. Angelica's practiced hands tugged down her short skirt; and then moved onto her frilly white panties underneath. Within a few seconds, the corrupting whoreslut was completely and utterly naked.

"UNNNGGGHHHH" Sam again groaned as he beheld the perfect body before him. A taut, white tummy; nicely rounded hips; and in the center, a dark black patch of nicely-trimmed pubic hair, which surmounted the godlike site below - Angelica's almost perfectly-straight, pink, juicy outer pussylips. From which, visibly dripping, emanated droplets of slimy, clear liquid - Angelica's hot, fresh pussy juice.

He could smell the scent of her lustful secretions from where he sat!

Sam didn't get much time to stare at the incredible sight before him. Because before he knew it, Angelica quickly straddled the old man, and positioned her soaking wet hothole directly above Sam's by-now fully erect penis.

With a grunt and a groan of "Fuck yeah!", Angelica rammed her pelvis directly downward. Straight onto the engorged middle-aged member, fully enveloping it in her lewd and lascivious fuckbox.

"OHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Sam screamed at the incredible act. His entire mind was spinning with the ludicrous insanity of what was happening. After his wife, this was only the second woman he had ever had sex with - and he hadn't even had the attention of any female in decades. Nothing even remotely like the incredibly aggressive attentions of the whores who had conquered his cock. He was now cheating on his wife - actually fucking a young slut!! Up the pussy!! Oh my God!!

The pleasure of it all... The nastiness... The taboo... was beyond belief. Beyond exciting.

If Sam wasn't protesting loudly (or even at all), it was because he was in possession of many, many deep, dark sexual secrets. All of which had been hidden from everyone for his entire life.

It wasn't as if he had ever cheated on his wife, Martha, or anything. No, he had been a virgin when he met her at age 22, and he had never had any sexual contact with anyone else. Their sex life had been good (or maybe just adequate) at first; she had even let him do a few "kinky" things with her, such as tit fucking, perhaps a dirty word or two, "fuck," "cum."

But as middle age increased and both of them got older, the sex of course decreased. Now it was every six months or so, at that. A short, set of pumps in the dark, a few weak squirts of semen into a condom, nothing more.

Sam's sex life was basically over. Only it was not. Not really.

There was porn.

Like every man, Sam had watched porn occasionally in the past. But as he went into his 40s, he learned of the vast porn tubes that infested every inch of the internet. Pornhub, xhamster, xxnx.com, and more... He had maybe peaked at them in the past (oh well, maybe done a little bit more than that), but hadn't been an inveterate watcher.

But with his horniness increasing and the lack of an outlet for it in his wife, those looks became longer. He owned his own business, so it was easy to simply shut and lock his office door, and begin looking at porn.

One day, about 5 years ago, it became more than looking. Turned on intensely by a video of a manage-a-trois threesome between two hot blondes and a stud, Sam reached down into his pants. His erect cock instantly reacted to his touch, and before he knew it, his cock achieved orgasm in a frenetic burst of jacking action. Five spurts of viscous cum were unleashed onto his shirt, accompanied by a sharp groan: "ohhhh!!" But the spooge wiped off quickly, and nobody ever knew.

From that day forward, Sam's porn masturbation sessions became longer, more intense. He would disrobe completely, touching, feeling himself for an hour.. two hours... even three or more. Scrolling through video after video, until his penis could handle no more and the final insane release came. His groans and grunts became louder, more extreme; he was afraid his son or the secretary would hear him through the door or walls. Not to mention the strangeness of him locking his door for a few hours.

But Sam couldn't help it. The pleasures of watching and jerking off to the porn became even stronger, more intense. He began watching more crazy stuff - orgies. Lesbian orgies. Gangbangs.

Then he chanced onto cuckold porn. Men fucking other men's wives. Sam's orgasms to these videos were incredible. Out of this world. He loved the idea. And began to fantasize that it was his wife Martha being ravished. Being fucked my multiple men. While he joined in... His grunts and groans during his second masturbation session watching cuckold videos were so loud he really was sure his secretary heard him. And the incredible images unleashed what he was sure was the biggest orgasm of his life, a gigantic ejaculation that spurted eight or more shots of creamy semen all over his chest, his keyboard, and even up to his chin.

He had never cummed like that with Martha! Not even close! If only she would fuck other men... while he watched...

It was during his third or fourth jack-off session to cuckold porn, a few days later, that Sam entered a new realm of depravity. By chance, he clicked on a video called "Cuckold Surprise" on Pornhub.com. The grainy video showed a woman sucking a man's cock, nothing out of the ordinary of course. But a minute later, that woman was joined by her husband. Who immediately began sucking on the wet, distended member of the woman's lover!

Sam had never thought he could possibly be interested in gay material. But he simply could not deny how his penis responded to the scene. Like it had a mind of its own, it bucked and jerked at the perverted sight. "OOOFFFFFF" Sam groaned, as the video became even more perverse - the man fucked his wife while sucking off the lover, and finally, shockingly, the man was fucked up the ass as he fucked his wife.


"YEESSSSSSSSSS!!" Sam veritably screamed as the unbelievable images ricocheted through his brain. He loved it all - the tits, the pussy, the asses... and yes... the COCKS too!

"OOOHHNNNNNGGGG" Sam shrieked as he beheld the stranger pulling his cock from the husband's anus. The huge member almost instantly spasmed and laid down shot after shot of juicy semen all over the cuck husband's pulsating ass. As if in sympathy, Sam's cock also jerked violently in orgasm, unleashing a monster cumload, almost ten shots of pure pleasure, two of which arced so high they struck Sam full in the face.

From that day forward, Sam was hooked on bi porn. It had the best of both worlds... Indeed, he watched little else, his viewing habits getting more and more nasty, more and more trending toward taboo and forbidden topics.

Too bad he would never experience it...

***

Angelica's pleasure increased in intensity with every hard pelvic thrust downward onto the helpless middle-aged cock. Fuck, it was soooo gooood... She was completely in charge! Had succeeded yet again in tormenting, degrading and perverting yet another "upstanding" husband and father!

"Unghhhhhhhhh!!" she loudly groaned in the pure, demented pleasure of it all! Looking downward intensely into Sam's eyes, she whispered furiously: "Gonna fuckin' suck out every last fuckin' drop of cum from that big hard cock!! Gonna drink it all down... FUCKKKKK!!" she virtually screamed as the demented image popped into her mind. With a wild yank, Angelica pulled Sam's shirt from his body, leaving him completely nude except for his shoes and the pants and underwear around his ankles.

Eyes almost popping out of their sockets, face red with pure unadulterated wild lust, Sam could only hoot and groan in reply.

Angelica had fucked almost 550 men and women; had participated in threesomes, foursomes, and orgies; and had held gangbangs where she had slurped down the cum of 30 men or more in one night. But exciting as those experiences were, her new "hobby" of violently seducing, stripping and fucking schlubby middle-aged fathers had given her exquisite orgasms beyond compare.

This was her eleventh "victim" in a row, and she had learned there was nothing like the pleasure she could experience by dragging such men, cock-first, into betraying their wedding oaths by fucking a red-hot slut such as herself. Today's fuck-session, taking place in the man's own office, with the door open! - was going to give her the biggest cum yet.

She flung her head up as her hips tortioned up yet another time, climbing the length of Sam's slick, rigid penis. As her gaze alighted on the credenza behind Sam's desk, Angelica could see a small mirror positioned on the opposite wall. The mirror was perfectly situated to reflect the image of the door to the office, which remained slightly ajar. But she instantly noticed there was something amiss.

The door... it seemed more open than before. Then she noticed why. From the shadows, a face was barely visible. It was staring into the room, no doubt beholding everything that was going on there. The face looked familiar... it looked like...

With a start, Angelica realized who the face belonged to. She froze in mid-downward stroke, paralyzed by shock.

It was Charly! Sam's son hadn't left the office! Or had come back! He had heard the commotion, the frenzied groans coming from his father's office! Had peeked in. And had seen it all! Seen everything!

In her mind's eye, with a flash, Angelica imagined exactly what Charly was seeing right now from his vantage point in the hallway. Her broad naked back, hunched over Sam; her hourglass shaped lower torso, splaying out into the wide, round, smooth, perfectly shaped white asscheeks; the crack of her ass, open, pink; her entire torso violently bobbing upward and downward, intent on the purest, most demented of pleasures. And most importantly, her delightful, tight, wet vaginal lips, moving with... Impaled on...

Below her, hairy thick legs splayed out, Charly was seeing the incredible - his father's big, reddish-brown, fuzzy, joggling balls, jumping and swaying as his torso was pounded by the sluttish pussy and ass of the whore above; below it, the half-open fatherly ass-crack, choked with hair and pushed down into the Naugahyde seat of the office couch; but most importantly, most incredibly, most wickedly, the shiny, pinkish-red, 7 inch paternal cock, thrusting upward into the whore's slippery pussylips, lugubriously and lasciviously coated with a white, gooey admixture of precum and pussy juice, the sweet, oily product of the illicit perversion!

Angelica almost cummed at the thought of what she had brought about. Her most perverted conquest yet - caught and observed! By the victim's own son! How devilishly, obscenely delicious!

Determined to ensure that Charly not notice she had noticed him, Angelica quickly turned her head, and began again her determined thrusting on top of Sam's cockmeat. But she kept the corner of her eye trained on the mirror.

Both her and Sam's groans increased as the fucking tempo quickened. By now Sam was loudly voicing words... "fuckk... pussyyyyy... fuckin' soooo good..." Angelica knew that Charly could hear the obscene grunts, groans and words from his vantage point.

One minute passed. Two. Three. The face did not move. It stared intently. Unblinkingly.

Angelica realized with a start - Charly wasn't just seeing what was happening. He was observing... Watching... Beholding... And not leaving.

And was he perhaps... enjoying?

Angelica strained to see without seeing. To look down below Charly's face, past his checked shirt, down to his waist. Something was moving there. A pale, grey hand in the shadow. Moving, touching feeling...

Angelica almost bit her tongue when she realized what she was seeing. Charly was feeling himself... Fingering the front of his trousers... Charly was TOUCHING HIMSELF!! TOUCHING HIS PENIS!!

It was inescapable. Charly was TURNED ON!! TURNED ON BY WATCHING HIS FATHER FUCK ANOTHER WOMAN!! TURNED ON BY SEEING HER PUSSY... AND HIS OWN FATHER'S COCK!!

This was something Angelica had never expected. Never in a million years. Her lust exploded upward by an order of magnitude. This was beyond belief... She had the chance here... the chance to do something so incredible, so wicked, so perverted... Was it possible? Could it be?

WOULD SHE BE ABLE TO FUCK FATHER AND SON AT THE SAME TIME?????!!

She knew one thing. She sure as hell was going to find out.

Almost instantaneously, unbidden, a plan formulated in Angelica's febrile mind. A devious, disgusting little plan. But one she thought would be effective.

With a short hop, Angelica jumped off of Sam's lap. His cock disengaged out of the slut's pussy with an audible squishing sound, and Sam groaned as the slick, wet, hard member stood straight up, throbbing in the thin air. Angelica got a good look at Sam's penis for the first time, and was quite impressed by what she saw.

Perfectly straight, a good seven inches in length, crowned by a deliciously spherical cockhead and graced with large, hairy, pendulous balls, it was a member that could bring pleasure to any woman. Or, thought Angelica with a perverse twist, any man.

But she hadn't gotten off Sam to take a gander at his penis. She had another mission in mind.

With a sudden start, Angelica made a mad dash to the door, vaulting at a sprinter's pace. Flinging it open, she encountered the shocked face of Charly. Looking down, she confirmed her earlier observations - Charly's hand was at his crotch, slightly covering up a more-than-slight bump in his pants Clearly, down underneath his pants, there was an erect cock straining to get out.

It was true! Charly was feeling himself up! He had become completely hard by seeing his father fuck Angelica! Holy fuck, this family was fucking WILD, Angelica marveled.

Her discovery redoubled her passion - and her lust. With a lunge she did to the son what she had just done to the father. Her strong right hand penetrated the waistband of Charly's pants with undeniable authority. Within a second, her had clasped what she knew was there - a fully erect, hard, hot penis.

"OOOOHHNNNNNNNGGGHHH!!" Charly groaned at the unholy invasion. But he couldn't stop what was happening. Couldn't resist as Angelica humiliatingly pulled him into the room by the root of his cock.

Upon fully entering the room, Charly instantly beheld a sight he was never supposed to see - his completely naked father, seated on the couch, legs splayed out, large seven-inch cock and balls completely exposed, tumescent, bobbing and throbbing in excitement.

From the couch, Sam saw the inconceivable happen. His son was in the room. OH MY GOD! Then he suddenly realized what had happened. Charly had seen them! Had seen it all. SEEN HIM FUCKING ANGELICA!! OH MY GODD!! Sam was too shocked and humiliated even to move or to cover himself.

And, in fact, something else happened to Sam in that moment Something completely unexpected. Naked, exposed, penis bobbing lewdly in front of Angelica and his son, a feeling welled up from deep within Sam's most hidden, perverted soul. A feeling of... Lust. Born of hours and hours of watching the most perverted porn scenarios possible. Scenarios just like this one.

Sam's penis did not deflate or withdraw at the humiliation of the situation. It actually seemed to GROW. And even more - without warning, the middle-aged father's cock suddenly jerked and pulsed pleasurably of its own accord. And even more crazily, even more humiliatingly and a small bead of clear, slimy pre-cum emerged from the tip, fully visible to everyone. An obscene proof of Sam's perverse thoughts.

OH MY GODDDDDD!! Sam almost mewled.

Standing across from him, Charly hardly had time to wonder at the incredible sight before Angelica made her next move.

"You little spy... you see your daddy's dick... Time to show us your own fat COCK!!" And with a strength inspired by febrile lust, the young slut pulled Charly's pants and underwear down to his ankles. A large, erect, veiny penis instantly burst forth into the open air, bobbing and shaking as it stretched forward, released from the tight confines of Charly's pants.

"OH MY GODDDDD!" Charly groaned as his nakedness was exposed to Angelica and his father.

Angelica wasted no time. "Get over here!" she spat out. With a yank, she pulled Charly by the cock deeper into the room; shuffling, pants around his ankles, Charly complied docilely with the whore's orders. Once she got him next to the couch, Angelica pushed Charlie down to a sitting position, only inches from where his naked father sat.

It had taken only a few minutes, but father and son sat facing her on the couch now, only an inch or so apart. Almost touching - but not quite. Angelica dripped to her knees in front of them, right hand jacking off Sam, left his son. The cocks of both men were rigidly at attention, erect; both of them were staring stock straight ahead, looking at Angelica only, not each other. But their soft groans were audible to all, and of course both knew exactly what was happening...

FATHER AND SON WERE BEING JACKED OFF SIMULTANEOUSLY ON THE COUCH!!

Now that things had "calmed down" a little bit, Angelica got the chance to take a good gander of both men's cocks. She inhaled deeply in lustful excitement at what she saw. Both penises were easily seven inches in length, pink shafts rigidly and perfectly supporting beautifully round, reddish-pink cockheads. Beneath, both men's hairy balls jumped and jerked as Angelica stroked the attached cocks.

In fact, Angelica noticed with glee, the two tools were almost identical, down to the same slight drooping of the left ball in each scrotum. Both cocks even slightly canted to the right at almost precisely the same angle! Father and son's perfect penises were by now drooling from their tips a steady stream of delightful pre-cum secretions, which had begun to cover the top half of both men's members. A sticky, squishy sound emanated from the jack-off session, plainly betraying what was going on to both family members.

Two cocks, father and son, primed for pleasure, primed for fucking her silly, primed for cumming, primed...

For sucking! With a gulp, Angelica swooped her head downward and enveloped Sam's hard penis deep into her warm, wet mouth. "Ohhhhhhhhh!!" the father groaned in pleasure. As she did so, Angelica moved her hands down to Sam's feet; removing his shoes and his pants, she completed his disrobing, leaving him totally nude

.

After a few minutes of daddy sucking, Angelica moved over to the son. Quickly she whipped Charly's shirt from his body; then, crouched on her knees, took off his shoes and pants as well. Instantly she pounced on Charly's penis, devouring his cock as the young man groaned and moaned in ecstasy. As she did so, her right hand was busy masturbating Sam.

By now Angelica was very close to orgasm. It was unbelievable. SHE WAS SUCKING AND JACKING A NAKED FATHER AND SON TOGETHER!! FUCKING INCREDIBLE!!

Angelica was so close... So close now... So close to making something happen... Something unbelievable...something perverted beyond belief... something that would make her pussy literally explode in ecstasy...

Father and son groaned and grunted on the couch as Angelica pleasured their thick, long genitals with her mouth. She spent a minute or two on each cock before shifting to the left or to the right and beginning her sucking action.

The white hairy asses of the two men were only a millimeter apart at most... almost touching... almost.

Would it be possible? Could she coax both men into orgasm? Into explosive ejaculations of hot white semen? In front of each other? She was sure now it was.

Her pussy drooled even more intensely as she imagined what she could do. Fuck Charly until he groaned and screamed in climax, his father watching his own son's cock unleash torrents of sticky cum up a vagina only inches away!! And even better - she could jack off Sam in front of his own son!! Jerk the father into a screaming, grunting orgasm in front of his offspring, push Charly's face close by as his father's fully exposed cock jerked and spasmed, spewing shot after shot, burst after burst of nasty daddy semen onto Angelica's lust-twisted heaving face and all over her jiggling tits and tummy!!

Angelica gasped in the pure, demented pleasure of the prospect. Her mind reeled with even more possibilities - maybe some of the father's cumblast would ricochet off Angelica's hot body and splash onto the nearby son! Onto his shocked face! Maybe more than just a little!! Ohmigoddd...

Both men's penises were quickly drooling sticky pre-cum into her mouth. As she sucked on Sam's distended member, she suddenly had a very nasty turn of thought. She stopped swallowing down the delicious nectar flowing from Sam's rigid pole; collected the slimy solution in the bottom of her mouth. Then, when it felt she had a whole spoonful ready, she shifted to Charly's tumescent cock. Opening her mouth, she let the entire spew drool onto the son's rigid tool.

"Unghhhhhhhhh" Charly groaned in response, not realizing that his entire cockhead had just been slimed with fatherly pre-spooge. Angelica almost cummed in the realization of what she had done - COATED A SON'S COCK WITH HIS FATHER'S PRE-ORGASM JUICES!! FUCK YEAHHHH!!

Angelica's lust went into overdrive. A new, ultra-nasty idea suddenly exploded into her brain...

Could she do it... could she make father and son... Touch... feel... Caresss... each other's... most private parts...

OH MY GODDDDDDD!!

The possibilities exploded in her mind... She could see it... see it in her mind... envision the most nasty perverted scenarios she had ever dreamed of... These two were the ones who could do it... the ones who WOULD do it... she had already gotten them naked in front of each other... fully erect in front of each other... getting sucked off in front of each other... She looked down... by now the sides of each of their pale white butt cheeks, father and son, were touching... THEIR NAKED HAIRY ASSES WERE TOUCHING EACH OTHER!... and better... FATHER'S PRE-CUM HAD ALREADY DROOLED DOWN SON'S COCK!!... neither was complaining... both were groaning, heaving in pleasure... It was now or never... she would do it... she had to do it... she must do it...

MAKE FATHER AND SON SUCK!! MAKE THEM FUCK!!

Scenes flashed in her mind... Charly sucking Sam's cock while father cried out in ecstasy... Sam taking a full shot of Charly's nut juice into his open gaping mouth... Sam violently pistoning his red raging cock deep into his son's hairy anal sphincter while both screamed in ecstasy...

She had to do it... had to at least try...to make them both fall into the ultimate gay incestual depravity... try to make all of them cum harder than they had ever cummed before... and her too...

But how to do it? Within a second, a great new idea blasted into Angelica's brain... She knew just what to do... A soft, sick smile took over her entire face.

Father and son were about to be taken to a new level of perversity they had never known and could never imagine in their wildest dreams!!

It was time - time to break this thing wide open. Angelica had a pretty good idea about Charly's sexual proclivities. Soft-spoken, shy, retiring; hollow of chest and eyes downcast; a slight lisp to his speech... The fact that he had watched so long at the door, had observed his naked father fucking her - had clearly seen the paternal penis and scrotum in sexual action - but had not flinched, or walked away, but stood transfixed; and most importantly, the fact that the sight had turned him on so much that he became fully erect, and had even begun to touch himself...

Yes, Angelica knew she was hot. Knew her tits, pussy and ass had had a turn in making Charly's cock stiffen into hard erection. But she knew there was more to it. Charly must have also been turned on by seeing... his father's erect, heaving COCK!! It all led to the singular conclusion that Charly definitely had some major gay tendencies Maybe a lot of them.

Sure, he loved her body too - almost every man did - and his cock was glorying to the sucking mouth of a voluptuous, horny woman, to the strong, skilled jerking of her soft hands. But who wouldn't.

And Sam! He hadn't jumped up and covered himself when she forced Charly into the room... hadn't made a peep of protest while Angelica ripped down his son's pants and revealed the tumescent penis hidden within... had simply stood by mute, naked, cock bobbing in the open air... A cock that had not deflated upon seeing his son's nakedness, but stayed fully and completely erect...had perhaps even grown LARGER... Angelica was almost sure... almost sure of it now...

Sam LIKED what was happening... Liked watching his son's naked penis being jacked and sucked... Was turned on by what he saw... Was excited... by the sight of his own son's PENIS!

Like son... like father!

HOLY SHIT! The slutwhore breathed inwardly. This was like hitting the jackpot!

Angelica's perverted side was now in hyperdrive. She wanted more than just a side-by-side fuck of father and son. More than just a father watching his son cum into vagina only inches away, more than a son observing a father's penis spasm into orgasm. She needed the most depraved possible outcome. And she was going to get it, by hook or by crook.

Keeping both her hands on both cocks, slowly pumping, Angelica partially stood up and raised her mouth to Charly's ears, and whispered very softly into his ear, so softly that Sam, even so close, could not hear.

"Charly... Charly... I know about you... you like guys, don't you? You like COCKS..."

Charly flinched. And softly moaned. But he did not move. Did not deny. Did not try to get up...



"You watch porn don't you..." Angelica whispered. "Porn of older guys... fucking younger guys... Don't you..." A glassy look took over Charly's eyes, and he groaned a little stronger...

"You love it... don't you... You wanna suck... suck a COCK... A big one... Of an older guy..."

"Unnghhhhshhhiiitttt." Charly groaned as his father unknowingly grunted beside him

FUCK, thought Angelica for the umpteenth time that night. I hit it...I really hit the motherfucking jackpot with this family. Holy shit!

Angelica now took her hunch about Charly's sexual proclivities to a new level. In an intense whisper she thrust a wicked idea wide into the open: "Charly... you got it... you got it right here... an older guy... fuckin' hot as hell with a big, beautiful cock... It's RIGHT NEXT TO YOU... so fuckin' hot... So hard... I'm gonna put your hand on it... You gotta feel it... you gotta touch it... You'll love it soooo much..."

A "normal" or "moral" person, Angelica thought, would have gotten up and fled at that point. Would have said "no" or shook his head in some manner. But Charly did none of those. Instead, he groaned harder, with more intensity. He continued to stare, goggle eyed, right in front of him. Continued to breath sharply and quickly. And most importantly, his cock continued just as rock hard as before; indeed, it even twitched a little in response to the obscene suggestion.

Maybe, Angelica thought, there is no such thing as a "moral" or "normal" person. Maybe, just maybe, everyone is a pervert deep down below...

She would test that idea right now.

Moving her head back down to Charly's crotch, she resumed her soft, slow sucking of the 21-year-old tool. With her left hand, she seized Charly's right hand, which was resting on his thigh. Charly did not resist. His hand moved like deadweight, going precisely where Angelica wanted it placed.

She kept expecting Charly to resist. To at least attempt to move his hand back to his side... but it never happened. "Holy fuck..." she whispered, exhaling around Charly's hard tool. This family just kept getting better and better!

Slowly, ever so slowly, she carried the hand a few inches further to her left. To the crotch of Charlie's father, who, like his son, was simply staring forward at nothing, breathing heavily, too crazed with shock, confusion and lust to do anything.

Angelica loosened the fingers on Charly's fist; then with a final movement, she wrapped the unmoving appendage around the 7-inch, slick paternal cock. As if by automation, the hand immediately gripped the warm, wet, rigid member around which it had been placed.

And the fatherly cock responded. It pulsed and jerked as a hand once again enveloped it in its warm embrace.

Charly breathed sharply inward. He did not look. But he felt it. A long, warm, flexible tube. With a disturbingly rock-hard interior just beneath a spongy, fleshy surface. His thumb rested upon a bulbous round knob, slick with viscous goo. His bottom pinky fingered rough, crispy, kinky hair and a soft, ribbed saclike organ. He knew what he was touching. He KNEW.

HE WAS DOING IT!

HE WAS FEELING... CARESSING... IT!

Another man's... COCK!

AND IT WAS... IT WAS...HIS FATHER'S!

HIS OWN FATHER'S... COCK!!

OHMIGODDDDDDD!!

A blaze of the fiercest, most incredible perverse lust exploded upward in Charly's chest. His breathing intensified, became almost hyperventilation. His cock, already rigidly at attention, bounced, heaved and strained in perverted glee within the confines of Angelica's mouth, becoming if anything even longer than its usual 7 inch length. Drool pooled out of Charly's half-open mouth, while a low gurgle-groan began building in his chest - "unnnghhhhhAANNGGHHH!!"

Angelica was right about Charly. He had long been confused in his sexuality. Sure, he liked girls, although he was too shy to approach them. He was still a poor, pathetic 21-year old virgin. And sure, when he started masturbating in his teens, his first spasming, cock-caressing orgasms were sparked by watching pictures of naked women surreptitiously accessed on his tablet.

But like his father - like all men who begin watching porn - the viewing didn't end with simple naked photos. He soon moved to twosomes, threesomes, orgies, and more. Soon learned that his cock responded pleasurably to the sight of another man's penis. Especially the visions of hot tools exploding in orgasm, spraying sperm right and left. Soon, very soon, he dreamed of sucking on hot cocks just like the ones in the videos, of jerking them, pumping them, jacking them; of greedily sucking down their delicious loads of hot, smooshy cum...

Like his father, Charly had also come to love bisexual porn. Incredibly, there were times when Sam was nastily masturbating in his office to a particular bi clip, and simultaneously, Charly down the hall In the restroom, was jacking off to that very same video. Father and son writhed in ecstasy almost simultaneously, groaning and spurting their gooey seed all over themselves almost at the same time. If only they had known, they would have been shocked...

And more to the point, Charly had begun watching even more sickening porn... things like family videos... "mothers", "fathers" and "sons" all fucking together... He had cummed mightily to those perverted images...

And now... and now... for the first time in his life... Charly was actually touching a cock that was not his own. Feeling its smooth, slick hotness. And realizing that it was the elongated, fully erect penis of his father... He should have been outraged, disgusted.

But he was not. Exactly the opposite. It was a fantasy no more... It was cumming true. "Noooooooooo" Charly groaned softly.

But he didn't want it to stop. Not really.

Suddenly, as if his hand was possessed by its own demented brain, it slowly moved upward. Fingers remained clenched around the incredible, hot, slippery pole; the hand inched its way slowly up; then just as suddenly, plunged downward.

Charly was pumping his father's cock.

HE WAS JACKING OFF HIS OWN DAD!!

"UNGGHHHHHHHHH!!" Charly internally screamed, trying to suppress his lustful shout. He looked out of the corner of his eye, praying his dad had not realized what was happening.

And it seemed he did not. The old man did not look down; did not look to his left at Charly. He remained dazedly staring forward, softly grunting and moaning as before.

Charly realized he should withdraw his hand. Take it back. Take it back before his dad noticed!

BUT HE JUST COULDN'T!!

IT FELT... IT FELT SOOOOO GOOD...

SOO HOTTTTT!!

Instead of letting go of his father's most private organs, instead of relinquishing his perverted, incestuous gay invasion, Charly's fingers tightened their grip even STRONGER. His trembling hand began moving upwards and downwards even FASTER. Charly's lips opened in a grimace, a grin of depraved, spasmodic pleasure.

"Yessssssssssss" he hissed under his breath.

Angelica heard the incredible, wicked whisper, and again marveled at her luck. Beneath their veneer of staid normality, she had revealed the most incredible depravity! What a fucking family!

Looking to her left, Angelica noticed that Sam was still staring stock-still ahead. She suddenly realized that he didn't know who was jacking him off! That he probably thought it was her!

Angelica giggled. She would now disabuse him of that notion.

What would happen when the father realized that his penis was being pleasurably manipulated, caressed, jerked by his own son? Would he run away? Punch out? Scream? Go unconscious?

Angelica had been part of plenty of male-male-female threesomes in which supposedly arrow-straight men became maniacal dick-gobblers after intentionally or "accidentally" coming into contact with the other guy fucking her. Watching - and helping - a straight man succumb and fall to gay cocklust was one of her greatest turn-ons, bringing her spectacular orgasms every time. But that was with two unrelated men - never what she confronted here, a father and son duo. Would the same thing happen here?

She didn't have high perverted hopes. Angelica thought it unfortunately likely this little scenario was about to end. That Sam would storm off in horror the second he realized what was happening. Father-son sex - it was just too incredible. Too unlikely. Which was just too bad. But Angelica wasn't about to stop now. She had to see what would happen... When father realized son was jacking him! No matter what, it would be delicious to behold!

She raised her mouth from Charly's cock, and the slick organ tumbled out, free and pulsing in the open air once again. With her left hand, Angelica gently caressed Sam's cheek. He looked toward her.

Angelica smirked devilishly. "Look down, Mr. Smith. Take a look at who's pumping your cock."

Slowly Sam cast his eyes downward. Instantly he saw the hand and arm which was so delightfully jacking him. It was not the small, dainty and feminine hand of a woman. Of what he expected, Angelica's hand. No. It was wiry, tanned, and covered in whorls of hair. The muscled attached arm reached upward, connected to the man beside him. Whose leering face, red tongue lolling out, and bugging eyes were fixated directly onto Sam's erect cock.

IT WAS CONNECTED TO CHARLY.

HIS SON... HIS SON WAS...

HIS SON WAS FUCKING JACKING HIM OFF!!

OH MY FUCKING GODDDDDDD!!

What Angelica didn't know - what she couldn't have known - was that only two days before, in one of his intense office masturbation sessions, Sam had, of the first time, come across one of porn's most rare shows - a "Daddy" bisexual video. By this late date, Sam had become thoroughly and completely perverted by his porn viewing habits; he had watched - and cummed - many times watching "family" sex vids in which older men fucked their "daughters" while their "wives" simultaneously sucked them both.

He had even - shamefully - grunted out his wife's and daughter's names in the high ecstasy just before orgasm while watching those taboo scenes! But this, this was something new - a "brother" and "sister" fucking, caught by their "father." While the father remonstrated, the sister pulled down his pants and began sucking on the turgid member. Not too surprising. Before he could look away, Sam watched as the video took a bizarre turn - the son suddenly, and without warning, approached and enveloped the father's penis in his hot mouth. Then began sharing it with the sister... It took only a minute, but even before he could get to the end of the video, the unbelievable images sparked an orgasm of fantastic proportions in Sam's galloping, jerking member. From his mouth an actual scream emerged; and from his cock, a fountain of semen that coated the entire hairy fatherly chest in milky-white warm cream.

Sam had become fully perverted. And now... and now... That demented fantasy... That unbelievable scene... was coming true... IT WAS HAPPENING... RIGHT NOW!!

Sam's head fell backward; his mouth opened wide; like his son his tongue lolled out. "ANGGHHOONNNGGHHHH!!" - the groan and growl emerged from his lips like a caged animal, low at first but then moving upward to a shockingly high pitch that filled the room with its sound.

Angelica stared intensely at Sam. She was an old hand at watching men's faces during sex. She could tell when they liked things - and when they didn't. And, of course, she had seen men's faces in the throes of ecstasy many times.

She had never seen an expression like the one she beheld on Sam's face now. Of course it betrayed absolute shock, horror even. His eyes were round as saucers; his mouth agape in a large O. Much more shock than he had expressed just a few minutes ago, when she had reached down into his pants and started this entire perverted tableau.

But there was more than that. His face betrayed the look of a man in complete, unrestrained lustful PLEASURE!

And the groans from Sam's gaping mouth! They did not reveal the sound of pain. Or of fear, shame, or even embarrassment. Everyone could tell that.

They were the opposite. His shouts revealed a man in the throes of unalloyed, pure, perverted ECSTASY!!

Angelica almost screeched in joy. SAM FUCKING LIKED IT!! HE FUCKING LIKED BEING MASTURBATED BY HIS OWN SON!! The incredible depraved reality of it

overtook her entire body.

"OHHHHAAHHHHHHHH!!" she screamed, adding to the cacophony in the room, as an orgasm - her first of the night - suddenly exploded from the center of her puffy, rollicking clit. A spurt of juicy grool emerged from her red slit as the orgasm conquered Angelica's body, leading her almost to collapse, rocking her back and forth on her heels.

This was already the most intense sexual experience of Angelica's lifetime, by far. She knew that before the night was over, it was going to get even more insane. And she was going to push it beyond the limits of possibility, as fast and as far as she could!

On fire with the new possibilities this depraved scene offered, Angelica sidled herself between Sam's open, gaping legs and looked upward. His deep groaning scream had died off, but it was clear he was still firmly ensconced in the rapturous pleasures his son's hand was delivering to the red, outraged paternal cock.

His hairy hips gyrated in an obscene up and down rhythm, while the most incredible look of grotesque nastiness had enveloped Sam's face; it was pure, depraved lust, a snarl of utmost depravity, as the father experienced what had hitherto been unthinkable, literally beyond belief:

GAY INCEST WITH HIS OWN SON!!

It was incredible. It was insane. It was unbelievable. But as he watched Charly's firm hand pump up and down on his rock-hard privates, Sam had to admit that it was happening.

And that he was loving every second of it!!

Angelica spoke, hoping to up the ante of depravity.

"Mr. Smith! My God! So it's true - you fucking love guys!"

"Annghhoooohhhhhhh" was the pleasurable groan in reply. As good as - better - than a yes.

"Holy shit! You fucking love COCK!!" screamed the wanton slut.

A loud, sharp groan of "ANNNGHHOOHHHHHHHHH!!" was the only reply.

Angelica took it further, and said what everyone knew what was happening. But by saying it, she made it even more real.

"You love your SON JACKING YOU OFF!!" Angelica screeched.

Sam's mouth opened in a silent scream.

The naked slutwhore rammed the point home. "Admit it, you love your own son's COCK!!"

Sam's head tilted back, his eyes unstaring at the ceiling, and he let loose a monster howl, louder and more desperate than Angelica had ever heard coming from a man, a shriek of the most absolute depraved ecstasy:

"YEAAAHHHHHHOOOOOHHHHHGGGGGGG!!"

The hideous scream confirmed every one of Angelica's most depraved hopes, and blasted her pussy into the stratosphere with lust. Her second orgasm of the night - arriving only a few seconds after the last one - rocketed from the deepest part of her quivering, grool-dripping, juicy pussy and washed over the entire length of her body. "OOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH" she screamed out herself in manic intensity.

Meanwhile, right next to them on the bench, Charly grunted and groaned in shock at his father's unbelievable, insane admission, his own perverted gay incestual actions, and the wanton lasciviousness of the whore who had started the entire thing.

Recovering from her orgasm, but still hotter than a cinder from hell, Angelica pressed forward to the next level. She stood up and, taking Charly by the shoulders, lifted him from the bench and positioned his body - hand still attached to Sam's tool - between the pudgy, hairy, daddy legs. Sam hyperventilated as he looked downward toward his crotch and observed two sweaty, red, lust-filled faces staring transfixed at his jumping, pulsating penis, the bouncing jerking hairy ballsack, which was still being expertly and perfectly pleasured by his young son.

Angelica leaned forward, and while staring at Charly, gave the cock a simple kiss on the top of its head. "Let me show you how to SUCK" she hissed, outrageously loud. Then with a gulp, she enveloped the middle-aged cock as far as her lips could go, meeting up with Charly's fist in the middle of the red-hued shaft. Sam groaned outrageously loudly in reply, lost in the ecstatic feeling of son hand and whore mouth caressing and pleasuring his privates.

Angelica abruptly lifted her head and terminated the teaching suck session. She pushed Charly forward, pressing his back with savage intensity. The 21-year-old's head bobbled to within an inch of his father's slick, pulsating cockhead.

"I showed you how!" Angelica shouted in Charly's ear. "Now DO IT! SUCK HIS COCK!!" And with her free hand she pushed Charly's wondering head downward.

The young man's mouth was perfectly placed. Charly's slick wet lips were almost immediately penetrated by his father's throbbing shaft.

Relentlessly, Angelica pushed the head down, and within a second or two Charly's lips touched the base of the fatherly penis; his nose was buried deep in Sam's wet, kinky pubic hair - soaked with Angelica's pussy juice and Sam's sticky pre-cum - as the swollen cockhead lodged past Charly's tonsils and came to rest on the soft tissue at the back of his throat.

"AHHHHHAHHHHHHHHHHH!!" screamed Sam, sweating, red-faced and goggle-eyed, at the annihilation of the latest incredible taboo. Charly tried to scream, but his throat was filled to the brim with daddy cockmeat. Instead, his own penis surged, bobbed and strained in ecstatic delight at the unbelievable perversion he had so easily been forced into.

The incredible scene got wilder as a fury of sexual insanity seemed to take over the father and son pair. Charly's lust exploded as his mouth began eagerly exploring an organ he never expected to find in his mouth - another man's rampaging, erect penis! His tongue skittered maniacally over the taut skin, probed every square millimeter of the spongy, mushroomy head, poked lasciviously into the springy flesh of the long shaft. It was so new, so incredible, so much better than he had ever expected, so fucking HOT!

In a frenzy, Charly began to furiously suck on the paternal schlong, growling fiercely as his head bobbed up and down rapidly while his right hand fiercely gripped and jacked on the forbidden pole. For his part, Sam, wildly groaning and grunting, brain and soul conquered by the incredible taboo, began slowly pumping his pelvis upward, forcing his rock-hard cock even deeper into his son's sodden mouth.

Sexual demons, so long chained, ignored, and forgotten, had been unleased from the very depths of their souls. This never would have happened without Angelica's monstrous intervention, which had created just the right conditions to break through the pair's stodgy, typical exteriors and unleash the hidden, gibbering bisexual sex perverts that they really were, deep down inside.

Angelica sat back, breathing heavily, and marveled at the incredible perversion she had created. It was a tableau of almost pure grotesque dementia. Her pussy was pulsing in orgasm at regular intervals now, her body and mind keyed up to the highest sexual tempo she had ever known. This was going to be a fuck-session for the ages. And it had only just begun.

Calming herself back into control, Angelica approached the sucking pair on her knees.

"Goddamn... Never thought I'd see this... Fucking crazy!"

Sam's head was whipping back and forth uncontrollably, as if he was nodding "no" to the unbelievable perversion being done to him. His eyes opened wide and he yelped out as if in protest, a final shriek of defeat from his former dying morality:

"Ohhhhhhh... you fuckin' slut... You're makin' me a fuckin' fag... makin' me have sex... with him...oh my Godddd!!"

Angelica grinned like a ghoul. "Fuck yeah! And you fucking love it! Being sucked off by your own SON!!"

"OHHHHHHHHHHH" Sam exhaled in a groan, as the last remnants of resistance were extinguished in a sizzling tidal wave of lust. "Yessssssssssss" he hissed, his face twisted into a lustful snarl.

"Mmmmmm... You gonna cum baby? Cum into your own son's hot mouth, Mr. Smith?" Angelica cooed directly into Sam's ear.

"Fuck YEAHHHHHHHH" groaned back Sam in an insane growl of deep masculine intensity as the depraved idea took hold of his soul. The perverse colloquy between the two seemed to have fully restored Sam's power of speech. In a guttural, deep, masculine voice, he began to say things... the most deliciously perverted things... things that would have been unimaginable to say even seconds before... but which he now expressed in a tone of the most unabashedly delirious fucklust.

"Fuck yeahhhhhhhh" Sam repeated in a low grunt "UNGHHHHH...suck down deeeeep on that big dick... OHHHHHHH... gonna feed you all my cock...AHHHHHHHHH... every fuckin' day... YESSSSSSS...you're gonna suck my big fat cock every fuckin' day right in this office...UNGHHHHHHHH... gonna feed you my hot dick... and make you... and make you... fuckin' drink my fuckin' CUMMMMM!!"

The boggle-eyed father's perverse soliloquy was completely unexpected by Angelica. And it shocked her down to the deepest part of her perfervid vagina. She had had men talk dirty to her before... but never a supposedly prim and proper middle-aged gentleman like Sam! And never about getting sucked off by their own SON!! This supposedly bland, boring schmo was a fucking bisexual incest-loving PERV! A complete whoreslut down to his inner core! Angelica's fucklust rocketed into orbit as she contemplated the possibilities - and plotted her next move.

The son was no less twisted. Charly responded to his father's incredible words by going even crazier on the paternal cock, sucking, licking and jacking with a frenzied intensity. Did Charly taste something different, something other than spit and sweat? With a start, he recognized the sweet flavor that had begun filling his taste buds over the last two minutes. He removed his mouth from the meaty tool, and the slimy tendrils connecting his lips and the edge of the soft head left no doubt - it was his father's PRECUM!

By now he must have swallowed several gobbets of the delicious liquid. As if to confirm Charly's hunch, suddenly a large whitish drop of the beautiful solution emerged from the cocktip; quick as a flash, Charly instantly gobbled it up with the tip of his tongue, savoring the syrupy sweetness. The incredible perversity of it all increased his crazed lust to an even higher pitch; with a groan he lowered his mouth, beneath the penis, putting both lips on the large, pendulous balls and inhaling first the left one, then the lower-hanging right one, jostling both of the leathery, hairy orbs with his tongue as he almost shrieked in glee.

"AAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!" Sam screamed down at his son, glorying in the pleasure of the new sensation. He had well and truly gotten into the mood, and his mouth was running wild with perverted talk.

"FUCK YEAH!! Suck in those balls!... You suck sooooo gooooood... soooooo fuckin' gooood... your momma never sucks me enough... you suck sooo much better than she ever did..."

Jesus Christ, this is getting' better than ever! Angelica groaned. Dad was comparing son's mouth to his wife's! How fucking HOT! Angelica decided to run with the new path in the conversation that Sam had taken. With a leer, she asked the question: "So, Mr. Smith, wife not fucking you enough?"

"Ohhhhhh... Fuck noooo...fuckin' bitch... " Sam's eyes blazed in intensity. "Don't matter now... Gotta new mouth to suck meeeeeee...take all my CUMMMMMMM..."

Angelica's intuition took over. With the clarity of a thunderstroke, she knew now what Sam was doing in his office when he closed the door... knew with rock-hard certainty. "So now you don't need to lock the door to jack off, do you Mr. Smith? Don't need to hide away the gay porn you've been watching in here, every fucking day!"

"Unghhhhhhhhh!!" Sam groaned out loudly, confirming all her suspicions. It was true! Sam was a bi porn addict! How wild! How crazy!! And how fucking HOT!!

Angelica egged on the perversity even further. "Your wife never sucked you too good... Bet she never gave up her ass to you neither."

Another loud groan. "Fuck no... fuckin' prude never...ohhhhhhh... Never let me fuck her down there..."

Angelica showed a saucy grin. "But now you got your own private fuck sluts all for you... every day in this office... me.. and your fucking SON! You get to fuck what your wife never let you... fuck my pussy..." Sam grunted in pleasure. Then she grinned in wicked ecstasy, as she prepared to take Sam to the next level... "and fuck ME AND YOUR SON'S TIGHT ASSES!!"

Sam's red face got redder, his eyes goggled out ever further. "YEESSSSSSSSSSS!!" he roared out. "GONNA FUCK ASSSSSSSS!!"

The response sent Angelica into a new zone of demented pleasure. Sam was coming up with perverted sick ideas of his own! He was fantasizing, right now, about his son's tight, toned ass! How insane!

Now that the ball was rolling, Angelica had even a better idea coming up... And she decided to push it right into the open.

"Mr. Smith, I bet you loved looking at some pretty perverted porn here in your office!" Angelica surmised in glee. "I bet you loved watching men fucking other men's wives!"

All secrets were out on the table now. "FUCK YEAH...love it..." groaned the perverted father.

"I bet you fantasized about another man fucking your bitch of a wife..." The demonic slut whispered.

"HELL YEAH!!" puffed the red-faced fuck-freak.

"While you joined in... sucking your wife's pussy and a stranger's big fat cock at the same time!"

Sam grinned in lustful admission. "Oh GOD Yesssss!! Fuckin' love that SOOOO MUCH..."

"Well," Angelica pointed out. "We got another cock right here. Your son's! I bet he'd like to try that pussy!"

The sickening idea hit Sam like a thunderbolt. His face lit up, turning a shade of even deeper red as the incredible concept took over his mind.

"OHhhhhhhhHHHHHH... YEESSSSSSSSSSS!!" he burst out, marveling at the incredible thought. A thought which instantly took hold of his brain, creating uproarious, incredible images in his mind's eye... such sick and twisted images...

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh..." he rhapsodically groaned.

Angelica kept the idea in the forefront. "Fuck yes! Charly should fuck his mother! STICK THAT BIG COCK UP HIS MOMMY'S PUSSY!!" she screamed in the sucking son's ear.

The twisted talk pushed Sam completely over the edge into the abyss of total moral depravity. "FUCK YEAH!!" he shrieked with glee. "FUCK YOUR MOMMA'S HOT PUSSY!!" Like a demon possessed, his sick mind came up with an entirely new idea of his own. "FUCK HER WHILE I FUCK YOU!! UP THE ASSSSSSS!!"

Electrified by Sam's incredible words, Angelica's perversity mounted into the stratosphere. Glancing at the credenza to the side of the perverted father-son pair, Angelica suddenly spied a photo. Sam had earlier explained to her who it was - his daughter Maggie, who had just turned 18 a few months earlier. Instantly, a new depraved idea burst into Angelica's twisted brain. Which she then immediately vocalized, breathlessly. "And your daughter, Mr. Smith! You wanna fuck her too! Her hot teen twat!!"

Sam's face contorted with even more lustful glee, if that was possible. He tumbled cock-first into the deepest part of the abyss. "YESSSSSSSSSSS!!... FUCK MAGGIE'S TIGHT TWAT! GONNA BLAST MY CUM UP HER HOT PUSSYYYYYYYYYY!!"

Holy shit, Angelica though. "Blast" his cum up his daughter's cunt? Sam was just as fucking perverted as she was! And just as much into nasty, dirty talk. Even more so!

The incredible hot family sex talk was making Charly suck even more rabidly on his father's pole. He groaned in appreciation of the perverse discussion, especially about him fucking his mother. Just a few minutes ago, it was a wild perverted thought he would never have thought was possible to be dredged up from the depths of his psyche. But now... After what he had done... After what he had sucked...Was it possible? Could it really happen?

Then he remembered HE WAS SUCKING ON HIS OWN FATHER'S COCK!! FUCK YEAH IT COULD HAPPEN!! ANYTHING COULD!! HE COULD FUCK HIS MOTHER!! AND HIS SISTER TOO!! FEED THEM BOTH HIS SLIMY SPOOGE!!

The incredible thought of fucking forbidden taboo pussy, of cumming in his mother's and sister's steaming twats, paradoxically enlarged his gay lustful thoughts as well. He was going insane now on his daddy's cock, stroking, groping, grabbing, slobbering on shaft, balls and head, desperately and greedily seeking the supreme prize he knew was near - a massive load of his sire's sweet, creamy cum!

The mlange of incredible fuck desires that had been dragged from the deepest pits of Sam's soul had clearly pushed him over the edge. He was huffing and puffing, pelvis jerkily pushing his cock into and out of his son's mouth, as he continued to goggle, red-faced, at the unbelievable scene in front of him.

Suddenly, a sequence of unearthly moans emerged from Sam's half-open mouth, filling the air with deep, loud, masculine groans, while the perverted papa's face became a mask of pleasure, even more slack, eyes staring at nothing, mouth turned downward in an "O" of ecstasy.

Angelica knew what that face meant. "Holy fuck... he's gonna cum soon... fuck, let me share that cock!!" Angelica shouted to Charly.

She grabbed the base of Sam's penis and with her other hand pushed back on Charly's face. His head moved upward, and Sam's cock wetly slipped from his son's mouth. A large drop of whitish fluid immediately seeped from the old man's pisshole - more slimy precum. An entire stream of the yummy liquid had poured forth into Charly's wondering mouth during the forbidden suck session. The latest blob flopped over the edge of the cockhead and slimed over onto the perineum, the beet-red skin at the bottom side of Sam's penis, directly under the head - the very center of a man's orgasmic pleasure. It was this section of crazed fuck-meat that now controlled Sam, body and soul.

"Let me show you what to do.. to make him feel REAL good..." Angelica purred. She stuck her tongue way out, then began to softly wick it across the perineum, swirling around the delicious pre-cum as she did so. "This'll make him go wild... and bring out loads of hot, fresh CUM. You want that?"

"Yessssssssssss..." Charly groaned huskily, beating his own cock with reckless abandon.

Charly thrust his face forward, coming check-to-cheek with Angelica. The two horny tongues began jointly caressing the tender area, intertwining, skittering and dancing on the slick, warm, tight skin. It had the immediate, desired effect.

Sam's groans and grunts became louder, longer. He began to arch his back, open his legs even wider, and push his pelvis upward, all the while hooting, moaning and gibbering uncontrollably. "FUCK... YEAHH... " he slurred, panting, red faced. "UNNGHHHH...GONNA... FUCKIN GONNA... FUCKIN CUMMMMMMMMM... ALL OVER YOUR FACE... OHMIGODDDDDDDD!!"

Meanwhile, Charly, whose entire body was pressed against the warm curves of the slut beside him, took his left hand and boldly raised it to Angelica's aching, drooling pubis. With a sudden move he impaled the sodden, quivering pussy on his middle finger, and began sawing it into and out of the gushy gash.

"OHHHHHHGGGGGGG!!" the whore gasped, and removing her tongue from Sam's penis, looked Charly right in the eye, an electric, lustful look on her face. "YESSSS... Fuck my pussy with your fingers... then I want your hot COCK..."

When she turned her head back to the throbbing, bobbing daddy cock, and recommenced the short, rough licks on Sam's seat of pleasure, Angelica's tongue almost immediately felt a change - the first tremors of approaching orgasm within Sam's tumescent penis. A quaking began to rumble down the entire shaft, then the once-soft member became completely rigid and rock hard along its entire length, including the once-tender head.

Meanwhile, Angelica's hands felt the hairy balls begin to arch upward, primed and ready to deliver their delicious cargo of gamy goo. Sam's lower legs slowly levitated upwards from the carpet, spreading apart even further, then began to dangle in the air, feet quivering in a dance of depraved delectable delight.

"OHMIGODD...OHMIGOODD...UNNGHHHH... OOOOOOOOOOAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Sam suddenly screamed, head thrashing back and forth, eyes twisting up into his skull, a shout of the purest ecstatic pleasure imaginable.

As both tongues continued their fervent licking, the slick shining schlong suddenly pulsed and strongly flexed forward. Then, with an audible wicking sound, a spout of the thickest, whitest, slimiest cream burst from the top of the fully enlarged, pinkish-red cockhead. The first gelatinous shot arced over Angelica's and Charly's heads, the warm, gooey liquid wetly splashing on both of their backs. Slick slime began to drool quickly down their backsides, eventually seeping between their asscracks.

The monster blast caused Angelica and Charly to flinch backwards, away from the jerking, shooting pink pole, just in time to see the full spectacle of Sam's first bi, incestual orgasm unfold, right in front of their eyes. A long second passed, then suddenly the rocking, swaying cock throbbed upward violently, and just as quickly ricocheted downward, shifting the angle of the bulbous head - straight toward Charly's face. Sam screamed again, and Instantly, a second, even more mammoth blast rocketed forth from the perverted penis. A shimmering rope of his father's glittering spunk struck Charly straight in the forehead; the slimy splatter ricocheted back onto the paternal cock and sprayed onto Angelica's nearby cheek and neck, while thick creamy spooge began rolling down the son's nose.

Taking charge, Angelica violently grabbed the pulsing member and pushed it even lower, pointing it straight toward her ruby-red lips. Shot three of the insane ejaculation sprayed deep into Angelica's wet mouth, coating her tongue with delightful ball juice; the slut then immediately directed the gorgeous head straight toward Charly's gaping, open mouth. Jumping and jerking, the thick, beastly member erupted with three more quick streams of slippery white liquid - gelatinous, hot, and greasy - that slimed Charly's mouth, lips and throat. He gurgled and swallowed frantically, tasting, drinking, eating the sperm that had made him.

Sam's incredible orgasm wasn't finished. He squirmed in ecstasy, pumping his pelvis outward, hooting and groaning, as six more jets soared out from the distended, demented daddy penis, smearing Angelica's and Charly's faces with glorious goo, coating her D-sized tits and Charly's peach-fuzz chest with salacious seed.

By now Angelica had let go of the bucking, writhing, beet-red monster, but it continued arcing and seizing, completely enveloped in the throes of the most monstrous orgasm any of them had ever witnessed. As if it had its own will, the long, muscled meat-tube reared, thrashed and bobbed up, down and to the side, emitting juicy streams of semen with each spasm, spraying the sticky liquid everywhere and anywhere, coating the bodies of the two suckers who had teased it so mercilessly to climax.

This was an ejaculation for the ages, a dancing spectacle of pure perversion, taking place only inches from their eyes. Sam had never experienced such ultimate ecstasy, had never delivered such a ferocious cumload. Angelica had never seen so much semen emerge from one man's penis. It was literally beyond belief, beyond comprehension even.

Wiping the cummy slime from her eyes, Angelica mouthed a wordless "Wow!" through sticky lips. The unbelievable power of bisexual incest, she thought.

Nothing could produce a more powerful orgasm!

Before she could think anything further, Angelica's cum-slicked body was embraced from the right. It was Charly. His face was red, covered with paternal spooge-stains, and mad with perverted lust.

"FUCKKKKK!!" the cum-covered son screamed. Then he thrust his face forward, and spitballed an entire gob of his father's viscous semen directly into her mouth.

Charly virtually tackled the slutwhore to the floor. Within a second Angelica's willing legs were splayed open, her inviting, drooling pink pussylips open and ready for action.

"UNGHHOOOHHHHHHH!!" Charly screamed, and with a single thrust impaled Angelica upon his once-virginal penis.

"OHHHhhhhhhhhh..." Angelica squealed, once again glorying in the beautiful sensation of hot, rigid cock penetrating her pulsing, lustful bod.

The parental cum-bath had turned Charly into a raving sex lunatic. He began viciously pumping into the 30-year-old slut, shrieking with each plunge into the soft, squishy, silky hole. Simultaneously, he grabbed hold of, slurped and sucked upon Angelica's soft, D-cup tits, sucking down even more of the fatherly spooge that had been so amply deposited there only seconds before. Charly marveled at how differently tittyflesh felt from cockmeat in his mouth - Angelica's soft, large, squishy breast with a small, hard nipple contrasted greatly with his father's smooth, steel-hard shaft topped by a large, spongy head. But both were delicious, delightful and madly intoxicating in their own way.

And now, for the first time, his rampaging penis was experiencing the pleasure of a hot, warm, wet, lustful vagina. Never had he felt something so exquisite, so divinely, perfectly created to bring pleasure to his crazed member. It was so much better than the dry boredom of his clumsy hands. The incredible pleasure that Angelica's pussy was giving him, along with the memory of the gay perversions he had just performed with his father, put him almost instantly on the edge, close to orgasm.

Angelica helped him along. "Yessssssss Charly... Fuck me like you're gonna fuck your mommy... later..." Then, a new thought - she had to make this all happen now! While the demented father-son's lust was at its height! She shouted out at the top of her lungs: "You're gonna do it tonight... YOU'RE GONNA FUCK YOUR MOMMA'S PUSSY TONIGHT!!" she ended with a hysterical shriek.

Up above, Sam, recovering from the unbelievable release he had just experienced, heard the incredible shout, and awakened from his stupor. It was still happening... the incredible perversion... It had swallowed him... swallowed his son whole... And he loved it! Slowly, slowly his cock began to raise to life again, something that seemed unbelievable given the intensity and immensity of the orgasm he had juts experienced.

His eyes were fixated on the tight, thrusting hemispheres of his son's buttocks, which were pushing wildly into and out of the whore below him. He licked his lips, and remembered his insane thoughts, his wild shouts, of just a few minutes ago... About thrusting,... penetrating... Fucking his son's succulent ass!! The incredible perverted thought blasted a pulse of pleasure down the shaft of his growing penis, and it raised to a hard, full erection almost immediately.

As if reading his mind, Angelica turned her head to him from her position on the floor. "Ohhhhhh... fuck yeah Mr. Smith... your son fucks SOOOOO gooood... aahhhhhhh... His cock feels sooo fuckin' good in me... unghhhhhhh...mommy's gonna fuckin' love it..." With a groan she scooped up some more remnants of Sam's gigantic cumburst from her pitching, rippling stomach; like a flash she took the slimy handful and massaged it onto Charly's pumping penis, lubricating son's cock with father's slippery semen. Charly groaned and pumped even louder at the disgusting, delicious action; his cock pistoned more and more gobbets of his father's spooge deep into Angelica's saucy twat.



"But Mr. Smith... Unghhh... We're gonna save your next cumload... ohhhhhhh... Gotta make it big...not for Charly's ass... YET... Your daughter... she hasn't gotten your cum yet... she needs her share.. of hot delicious daddy cum... Blasted deep into her tight teen PUSSY!!.. TONIGHT!!"

"Unghhhhhhhhh!!" Sam grunted loudly, while his cock jerked, jumped and danced in pleasure to the taboo thought.

Drawn to the fucking pair, Sam descended from the couch and approached them from the back. Softly he stretched out his hand; slowly, slowly he placed his quivering palm onto the side of his son's hairy, rippling rump, which was so busy pumping into the slut below him.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh..." Sam groaned in pleasure, as his fingers lightly traced their way into the top of Charly's asscrack, then down, down deeper into the cleft of the hairy ass. Sam was breathing heavily now, enjoying for the first time the sensation of feeling, squeezing, massaging male buttocks, the pleasure enhanced by the groans and screams emanating from the fuckers beneath him. With a lurch, Sam's fingers dropped down farther, touching, then enveloping his son's slimy wet joggling scrotum - his first experience with a man's balls!

Sam lay down beside the fucking pair, skin to skin, still caressing his son's ass. He fastened his mouth to Angelica's bobbling tits, experiencing the pleasure of sucking breasts and pleasuring balls at the same time. From this vantage point he could easily spy his son's cock frantically pumping into and out of the slut's perfect pussy, a pleasure he himself had experienced only minutes before.

The sight increased his perverted ardor even more, and in a flash of sick inspiration he removed his hand from his son's balls - and immediately reached in from the front, between the fuckers' slapping bellies, to caress the slippery filial penis as it rapidly pistoned into Angelica's steaming slit. He was doing it - FEELING, JACKING AN ERECT COCK FOR THE FIRST TIME!! HIS OWN SON'S BIG COCK!! AND HE LOVED IT!!

"OH GODD, MR. SMITH!" Angelica mewled in delirium as Charly's hard, frenzied pumping jerked her body like a ragdoll. "HE FUCKS SOOO GOOOOD!! So hard and strong...You're wife's pussy's gonna fuckin' love it when he fucks her! Your ass is gonna fuckin' love his cock too!! Both of ya gonna fuckin' cum HARD on this big thick cock just like I am..."

"AAAAAHHHHHHHH!!" Charly screamed as his father's squeezing hand increased the pleasure on his manic tool, driven mad by Angelica's insanely taboo talk.

Sam looked up into his son's face and groaned out a perverted suggestion.

"Fuckin cum deep inside her pussy... I'll suck it all out..."

The son's groans and screams intensified as he reached the final plateau.

Angelica's perverted suggestions had conquered his soul. "Gonna fuck mommy... fuck daddy... gonna fuck mommy and daddy...GONNA CUM IN BOTH OF THEMMM!!" he screamed. His cock pulsed mightily in the soppy vagina, and then released its glorious cumload. Angelica could feel the cock violently throb as it unleashed one shot... then two... as could Sam, whose hand felt the penis flex and jump in ultimate pleasure.

"YESSSSSSSSSSS!!' ululated the whoreslut as her latest orgasm conquered her body and soul. Angelica writhed and jerked as the climax rampaged through her desecrated body. It was the largest she had experienced yet, a shrieking holocaust of pure, unadulterated molten perverted pleasure that incinerated her body in a torrential volcano of savage lust.

Then the unexpected happened. "TAKE MY CUMMMMM DADDDYYYYYYY!!" Charly shrieked, and with a wild movement thrust his hips backward. The seven-inch, sloppy red cock immediately popped out of Angelica's pussy (and Sam's hand) with an audible squishing sound. The cock hung in the open air for one second, then spasmed crazily, arcing upward. A gigantic gout of liquid sperm burst from the tip of the enraged cockhead, arced in the air - and struck Sam, still staring intently forward, straight in the face. Instinctively the father opened his mouth up wide, just in time to catch five more creamy shots of son-semen, which seemed perfectly aimed at the open cavern. Creamy, slimy goo-trails coated Sam's entire tongue and lips, as well as his cheeks.

Sam dove his face deep within Angelica's prostrate pussy, and wormed his tongue into the hot, slimy channel. He began to eagerly capture scoops of his son's cum in his lapping tongue, which emerged coated with a patina of white semen and slimy pussyjuice mixed together. Like a maniac he attempted to suck up every gobbet of the precious liquid from deep within the flaming-pink slutty vagina.

Then, when he felt he had gotten everything he could, the demented father looked upward, and saw his son's pulsing penis, still hard, lolling there only inches from his front nose.

With a shout, Sam lunged his head upward and forward, and enveloped Charly's entire slick seven-incher into the paternal mouth. I'M SUCKING MY FIRST COCK!! Sam would have shrieked had his mouth not been filled with man-meat. He almost cummed himself at the feeling of the warm hard shaft, the ridged but pliable head filling his mouth, so different from anything he had ever experienced.

Sam squeezed and sucked on the distended organ with great pressure, squeezing another few gobbets of his son's precious sperm from the exhausted tool. Then he fell back, a string of white semen still connecting fatherly mouth with his son's penis.

"OHHHHHHHH!!" the demented father exhaled as he eagerly, greedily sucked down the forbidden nectar. For the first time, Sam was eating cum. HIS SON'S CUM!! He reveled in the taste and feel of the greasy cream, swirling it in his mouth, savoring the new, incredible taste, a flavor he had never experienced before. Then with a gulp, the perverted papa swallowed it all down.

"FUCKIN' LOVE IT!!" he groaned out mightily. "Love my fuckin' son's CUMMMM!!"

Angelica groaned along with him. She laid back, awed at her unbelievable achievement. The incredible, the impossible had happened. She had seduced a father and son! Made them suck each other's COCKS! Eat each other's CUM! She still couldn't believe it.

And it wasn't over. Hell no. Angelica had meant exactly what she said. The entire Smith family was going to fall tonight. Be sucked down into the perverted vortex of bi incest. And she was going to be there to make it happen. And cum even harder than before!!

***

The exhausted trio rested for a bit. Finally, Sam broke the silence.

"God that was sooooo fucking good. Sooo fuckin' hot..." He looked directly into Angelica's face. "Fuckin' love your pussy..." Then at his son. "And your fuckin' cock... Never had a fuck like that before. We have got to do this every day, here in this office. Can't wait to get both of you into here tomorrow again and..."

"But Mr. Smith," Angelica interjected. "Don't you remember what we just talked about! It's time to fuck your wife... and daughter. Tonight!"

Sam's face looked shocked. "But how? Oh my god you were serious..."

Angelica almost laughed. "Serious! You just sucked your son's cock and ate his CUM!! Of course I'm serious."

Sam looked a bit embarrassed for a second. Slimy remnants of his son's sperm still coated his cheeks. Then lust again conquered his face. "So fuckin' good..." he groaned.

Angelica giggled. "Charly's gotta give his mommy that hot spunk tonight... and your daughter needs your sweeet juice too."

"UNNNGGHHHH" Sam groaned as he considered the perverted words. "But what do we do, do we get Martha into our bedroom... and..."

"No, silly.," Angelica said. "We're not doin' any of that shit. We're gonna have a whole family orgy tonight, all at the same time! I got a feeling mommy and daughter are gonna LOVE sucking on each other's pussies, don't you think?"

"Oh my God" Sam and Charly both breathed out in unison as the perverted image entered their brainstem. Wife and mother, licking, sucking each other... it was unbelievable. Incredible. And hot as hell.

"YESSSSSSS" Sam groaned. "Fuck yes...Let's do it."

"Call up your wife," Angelica ordered. "Tell her you're bringing a special guest to dinner." She smiled with supreme wickedness as her plans unfolded in real time.

***

It was an hour or so later. Angelica told the filthy father-son duo of what she wanted to happen next. Excitedly, almost hyperventilating, Sam called his wife Martha up, told her they would be home soon with the new secretary. For an unbelievable dinner. Perhaps he sounded strange on the phone - but apparently she didn't notice.

Angelica detailed what was next. "You're all such perverted fucks, your family is. I know they're just as fuckin' horny as you. Your wife's gonna fuckin' love fucking son cock and daughter pussy. I just know it."

"But what do we do?" Sam asked.

"Simple," Angelica answered. "Just follow my lead. We'll just grab her by the pussy... with both of you there, she's sure to go along with it."

She ended with a wink. "Women are so much more slutty and horny than men think. We're all fucking perverts deep down. Both your girls are gonna LOVE bein' fucked... and they're gonna love your big fat cocks! You just leave it up to me."

Angelica began explaining in detail how they were going to seduce Martha and Maggie; how they would devour their pussies, their tits, their asses; how they would make them cum like they'd never cummed before. Sam and his son groaned and stroked their cocks as they listened, each getting hotter and hotter as they contemplated the unbelievable, the incredible - a full family bisexual orgy with father, mother, son and daughter!

It was time to leave. The wild talk got even wilder after they got into the car.

Angelica sat in the middle, and almost immediately reached her hands to her right and left, fishing into the boys' pants for the raging, erect cocks she knew were hidden just inside. Neither man had put on underpants after hastily dressing in the house; only their jeans covered their nakedness. Taking the two cocks out, she began to relentlessly beat at the slippery poles, already gleaming with a sheen of new precum.

Then began a conversation that would have been unimagineable between father and son on the way to work this morning.

"Tell us about your wife's tits..." Angelica purred into Sam's ear, continuing her pumping action on both perverted cocks, deliberately amping up the pleasure in the father and son penises.

"They're fuckin' big and hangin'..." Sam grunted in a deep, guttural voice. "When you fuck her hard them D-cups jump back and forth like crazy...up and down and to the sides... suck hard on those titties, son. Your mama fuckin' loves that!! Hard sucking!! While you fuckin' pump her pussy soooo hard... Like I do!!"

"Oh Jesus... Oh God..." Charly moaned in ecstasy. The incredible hot talk was pushing his mother-lust through the stratosphere; his cock was straining in Angelica's hands, clearly aching to plunge deep into the wet, sloppy motherly cleft.

"And tell us about her asssss..." groaned Angelica, amping up the lust. She was getting as turned on by all this as the father and son perverts. She couldn't wait to get a taste of Martha's voluptuous middle-aged body, to swallow her pussy whole, to unwillingly drag from her body massive taboo orgasms.

"It's fuckin' big and white and shaped soooo nice..." Sam huffed. "Charly, ya gotta turn her over and fuck her doggy style! Hump her hard and make her ass jiggle like fuckin' jello! It's so fuckin' HOT!!"

"OHHHHHHHHHH" Charly groaned, eyes moving back into his skull.

Angelica took it to the ultimate extreme. "Now, tell Charly about his mother's hot pussy," Angelica wickedly urged, almost in a whisper.

"Unghhhhhhh..." groaned the perverted papa. "Your mother's pussy is soooooo fuckin' hot and fuckin' juicy... She got such a big fuckin' clit... Wait'll you see it... suck on it..."

"Fuck yeah" breathed out the salacious son, fully in the throes now of incestual bi madness, his mind and soul focused entirely on the incredible taboo he was about to shatter - sex with his own mother! "Is it tight.. her cunt..."

"Fuck no..." grunted Sam. "I done pounded that quim fuckin' so many times... But it's fuckin' soft like butter... She makes sooooo much hot juice... Wait'll you taste it!...Her pubes are fuckin' soakin' in it... can't wait to see your big cock push into that messy pink pussy... Pump it hard... make her scream... FUCK THAT PUSSY AND FUCKIN' CUM DEEP INSIDE!!...OH GODDDD!!" Angelica suddenly felt the old man's cock jump in her hand; quickly, she squeezed down hard, stifling the orgasm that almost exploded in the fatherly cock as Sam envisioned his son's tool unleashing thick ropes of semen into his own mother's soggy hotbox.

Sam's red face went goggle-eyed for a second as his cock receded again from the plateau of ecstasy. A single drop of white goo, large, viscous and warm, emerged from the pale cockhead. Angelica wicked it onto her middle finger and swallowed it whole. "Mmmmmmm" she groaned. "Your daughter's gonna love eatin' your hot cummmmm..."

"Ohhhh..." Sam groaned, regaining his composure. "Fuckin' can't wait to fuck that teen twat! She wore a bikini last summer, when she bent over, I saw her pretty pink pussylip slip out... pretended not to notice."

"I remember that!" groaned Charly.

"Now I'm gonna FUCK those hot tight pussylips with my fuckin' big cock!!" Sam veritably shouted. "She has such a nice ass... both my kids do... BOTH MY KIDS HAVE HOT, TIGHT, FUCKABLE ASSESS!! AND I'M GONNA FUCK 'EM BOTH!!" shrieked the freakish father.

"YESSSSSSSSS!!" screamed his son in unison, cock jumping, dancing, straining, bounding in Angelica's hand as his father's did the same thing in a perverted rhythm only inches away.

"What a fucking family!!" Angelica burst out, for the umpteenth time.

And with that, they arrived at the Smith family residence.

***

The front door led right to the living room. Where Sam's wife - Charly's mother - stood up from the couch.

All three perverts approached the unsuspecting middle-aged woman. "Martha... this is Angelica..." Sam puffed out, breathing heavily, crazily, his face red and twisted into a feature that his wife had never seen before. "She wants... she wants... She wants to SUCK YOUR PUSSY!!"

No sooner had the incredible, unexpected, shocking words been uttered than the fanatic trio was upon her. To Martha's absolute surprise and horror, the strange woman flanked by her husband and son thrust her face forward; grabbed the older woman's head forcefully with her two hands; and with a lunge began violently kissing the dowdy, pudgy mother straight on the lips. This was no innocent kiss, but a full, passionate Frenching; Angelica's probing tongue almost immediately burst deep into her victim's mouth, touching, licking, caressing Martha's shocked tongue.

"Ooooffffff!!" Martha exhaled in absolute, paralyzing shock at the unbelievable intrusion. But even more incredible, even more deeply shocking, was the presence of her son and her husband, who had also closed in upon her in a rush, flanking the freakish woman who was assaulting her from the front.

Instead of stopping the attacker, Sam and Charly were instead touching, holding - restraining her! They were holding her arms tightly, preventing her from moving away or to the sides to escape the insane woman who was so slobberingly eating out Martha's mouth. She could hear Charly, to her left, mumbling something incoherent in a deep groan.

Suddenly she made out the words - and promptly almost swooned in horror. "Mommy... pussy... fuck..." Her son was monotonously groaning in a moan of perverted, grotesque pleasure.

WHAT THE FUCK WAS GOING ON!!

She wanted to scream at the top of her lungs, but was prevented by the continuous lip assault from the raven-haired woman in front of her. Even more incredibly, by now the slut-whore's hands had firmly attached themselves to Martha's breasts; they were grabbing, kneading and pulling at her drooping D-cup tits through the fabric of her blouse and her bra...

More shockingly, Martha could feel a hand - two hands! - caressing, probing, feeling her backside, grabbing hold of her buttocks, strongly pinching, twisting and kneading them. But even worse, more horrifyingly, two additional hands were strongly stroking the lower front of her jeans, touching, poking, exploring her most sensitive area - her crotch - from the outside of the fabric. The hands were violently pushing, stroking, rubbing directly above her soft, sacred cleft. She could feel it... feel the pressure... Through the fabric of her jeans... Through her lacy panties underneath... Feel the urgent fingers moving... Over her vagina... To attack and rub the juicy, sensitive organ shielded by only a millimeter or so of material -her CLITORIS!!

It couldn't just be the strange woman's hands which were touching her down there. Those hands were roughly squeezing and loving her breasts. No, the hands down below had to belong to her husband - and to her SON!! HER SON WAS FEELING HER OUT DOWN THERE... IN HER... IN HER... VAGINA!! OH MY GODDDDD!!

Pushing back from the whorish mouth Frenching her, Martha freed her tongue from the lesbian embrace and shrilly squeaked: "NOOOOOO!!"

Suddenly one of the hands withdrew from her buttocks and moved up to her head. It gripped the top of her skull and rotated her head to the left; immediately, she was face to face with Sam, her husband of 25 years.

His visage was almost unrecognizable, twisted and reddened with perverted lust. First in a whisper, and then in a husky snarl that got louder and louder, San began saying things, such unbelievable, incredible things, things she had never expected in a million years to hear.

"This is gonna be sooooo fuckin' HOT!" Sam smirked. "Guess what Charly did this morning, honey! He fuckin' sucked my COCK!! " Sam licked his lips lasciviously at the perverted, shocking words. "Our son sucks cock sooooo gooooooddd!!... so much better'n you...he licked and licked and licked my big dick... 'til I CAME!! FUCKIN HARD!! All over his fuckin' FACE!!... OHHHHHHHHH!!...All into his MOUTH!!" The freakish father's eyes closed as he once again forced down an impending orgasm, caused by the memory of his massive taboo cum earlier in the day.

Sam returned his right hand to the back of Martha's ass, where it resumed again its hard rubbing, even more vigorously then before. He smirked. "Even better n' that honey!! I also SUCKED HIS FUCKIN' COCK and drank down his fuckin' CUM TOO!! It's so fuckin' good!! Don't know what I like better - your hot pussy or his big thick COCK!!"

With a crazed look on his face, Sam veritably shouted in his wife's face "You're gonna fuckin' love his big hard cock! He wants to give you so much of his tasty CUM! Deep in your hot PUSSY!!" With a lunge, Sam forced his mouth forward and began to passionately French his wife's mouth, something he hadn't done in more than 10 years. The action was so novel, so unexpected, that by itself it put Martha in a state of shock.

But even more than that action, her husband's insane, demented words ricocheted through Martha's brain; her eyes rolled back into her head and she almost swooned. Sam said he had sucked Charly's penis. SAM SAID HE HAD SUCKED THEIR OWN SON'S COCK!! What was happening here. WHAT THE FUCK WAS HAPPENING!! She felt the world whirling about her, as if she had been dropped from a great height.

But all the while, the incredible rubbing, touching, feeling on her most private parts - breasts, buttocks and vagina - continued unabated. This undeniable reality brought her down to earth, fast. Six hands were forcibly mobbing her genitals and her breasts, restraining her, controlling her... DOMINATING her.

A thought submerged deep inside her hindbrain suddenly emerged, unbidden. It was a sexual fantasy she shared with so many other women... of being conquered... Forced... Taken... A fantasy she had never shared with anyone, that she had long tried to sublimate, hide, force down. It was now pushing upward, exploding outward from the deepest recesses of her psyche... Realizing the danger, Martha's rational brain tried to push it back, contain it somehow... but it was not to be denied...



And as her mind reeled, Martha had knew that she wasn't so innocent. No, not at all. She wasn't the perfectly staid, conventional, portly matron that she pretended to be... Her mind suddenly flashed to what she had done only two days ago... Something she had done dozens upon dozens of times in the last ten years...after her family had left her alone... instead of doing housework...

She had done things her husband, her family, would have been shocked at... She had slowly closed the bedroom door... securely fastened it shut... had lain herself down carefully on the marital bed... And then she had started to violently touch, to probe, to feel herself all over... had virtually ripped off her outer garments, then whipped off her now-soaking panties... Had plunged her feverish hand, one, two, three fingers, deep into her sodden, buzzing vagina... had masturbated herself to a groaning, grunting, thrashing orgasm in a matter of minutes...

Fantasizing about a stranger bursting into the house and fucking her raw...about two, three, FOUR strangers doing it to her... fucking her hard with their steely hard COCKS...pumping her full of their slick hot SEED...and even... And even... Fantasizing a FIFTH... A young WOMAN... SUCKING HER... sucking her PUSSY... WHILE SHE SUCKED BACK ON THE GIRL'S SOFT WET CUNT!! At the height of the sessions, when her passion was at its highest, Martha would savagely lick clean her juice-stained hand, tasting, swallowing every drop of the female excretions which dripped from her churning vagina like a waterfall; the nasty, wicked act by itself would bring her over the edge, causing an almost instantaneous bucking, writhing orgasm of astonishing proportions.

If only Sam could give her orgasms like that! It was a shameful act she had savagely suppressed in her own mind... one no one could ever know...that she could never tell anyone...

And now... And now... she was being dominated... her oldest, most intense sexual fantasy was coming true... But with her husband... with a strange woman... And with her SON!! OH MY GODDDDD!! The incredible fact should have led her to freeze up, to shut down. But it didn't. It didn't. She felt it... she felt it... deep down below... Deep in her center... Underneath her tummy...

Below her belt... she could feel it... a tingling... a warm, familiar feeling... it was hot... Soooo hot... and WET... she was getting WET... FUCKING WET...DOWN THERE... IN HER VAGINA...SHE WAS SEXUALLY EXCITED!! BY HER OWN FAMILY'S HANDS!! AHHHHHHH!!

When the attack had come, Martha had been standing right in front of the couch. The assault, coupled with the awakening of her inner sexual fantasy, caused Martha's legs to buckle. With a "whump" she fell ass-backwards into the couch. Angelica, Sam and Charly followed her down, maintaining their caresses, their kisses, their fantastic feel-ups.

Sam felt Martha sigh as he frenched her mouth, felt her tension release, felt her loosen up. We've done it!! He thought. She's falling!! Falling into perversion!! FUCK YESSSSSSSS!! He removed his mouth from his wife's lips, looked at Charly, and spoke. "Mommy's getting' hot!! She's fuckin' gettin' into it!! She wants to FUCK!"

Martha did not protest, but instead unleashed a large groan in reply. Her eyes were closed, but she was not struggling. She stayed seated, passive, on the couch.

That was all Angelica needed to know. She decided now that it was time to take Mrs. Smith to the next level of perversion. With a shout, Angelica forcibly drove her hand down the front of the matron's tight jeans. Instantly her fingers, then her whole fist, plunged under the waistband of the jeans, and into Sam's wife's delicate panties. The third member of the Smith family to be invaded like that in the same day! Angelica felt soft, slick, wet pubic hair, then a second later the crook of her middle finger penetrated a warm, moist, soft cavern, slick with goo: Martha's quaking, quivering vagina.

It was completely soaking with warm, wet juice.

'Fuck yesssssss..." Angelica hissed in lustful fury as she touched, caressed, penetrated the new, strange pussy. In her career of whoredome, Angelica had probed, fingered, pleasured more than 150 other women's sex organs. But this incredible assault - by far -was the most exciting pussy experience Angelica had ever had.

The feeling of the hard, strong digit woke Martha from her stupor.

"NOOOOOOO!!" shrieked the violated matriarch at the digital intrusion into her most sacred cleft. "STOPPPPPPPPP!!"

But Angelica was just getting started. Whipping her head around to face Sam and Charly, Angelica shrieked out the news. "She's fucking WET!!" screamed the perverted, black-haired trollop in exultation. "I knew it, Mr. Smith!! Your wife's a fucking SLUT!! A family-fucking WHORE!!"

It was true. Martha's slit was pumping out what seemed like sheets of slimy pussywater. The entire front and bottoms of her panties were soaked out completely with the precious, viscous liquid, and Angelica's hand had been coated entirely with the slimy solution within only a second of contact with the pulsing, boiling vagina.

"Let's get her naked!" Angelica screeched, burning in lust toward the middle-aged body she was so violently conquering. In a flash, Charly's strong hands grabbed his mother's blouse; with a lustful groan he ripped the front part of the blouse in twain.

The two, large hemisphere's of his mother's breasts - covered with a large bra - were instantly visible. "Fuck YEAAHHHHHHH!!" Charly breathed.

"Just wait'll you see what's underneath!" Sam breathed excitedly. And then with both hands he took hold of the top of the bra, grabbing the strong material. With a yank, he pulled down. Immediately the two white globes of middle-aged titflesh were released. The two dugs - D-cups both - trembled like jelly in the open air. The opulent mounds of breastmeat were surmounted by large, brown aureolas, and at the very tip, half-inch wide pinkish-brown nipples.

They were fully erect.

It was too much. "NOOOOOOOOO!!" Martha screamed at the insult of her nakedness, the shock of the exposure of her breasts to stranger, husband and son at the same time. The matron's eyes rolled back into her head, and she swooned, falling into unconsciousness at the brazen, bisexual taboo assault.

Wide-eyed, Charly stared intently at the two trembling breasts. "Unghhhhhhhhh" he groaned lustily, and with a lunge enveloped the right breast in his hot mouth, and began to suck ferociously on the motherly orbs. He was doing It, Charly almost shrieked with insane glee... HE WAS SUCKING HIS OWN MOTHER'S BIG TITS!! To his side, Sam did the same, the two male family members feasting intently on the matriarch's warm, soft titties.

Meanwhile, Angelica removed her hand from Martha's sacred cleft. "Gotta get naked..." She growled, and within seconds she had stripped down to pure nudity. "Get fuckin' naked!" she shouted at Sam and Charly. "There's a pussy here to fuck!"

Disengaging from Martha's tits, the two boys complied, and within five seconds their two, almost identical red, hard cocks were unleashed and out, pulsing, bobbing and swaying in the open air.

"Yesssssss!!" hissed Sam as he once again beheld his son's hot member. ""Mommy's gonna love that cock..." Charly smirked in reply. He knew now that he was going to dominate his family with his big, hard tool... Fuck all of them.. and shower them all with his hot cummmm...

By now Angelica, and grabbed hold of the older woman's tight jeans. "Gotta get to that fuckin' pussy... that fucking PUSSY!!" the freak screamed maniacally, and with a savage grab she began pulling both jeans and soaking panties down the length of Martha's legs.

With a groan she pulled the entire set of pants and undergarments from off of Martha's dangling feet. With a few seconds, it was over - except for the remains of the blouse, still draped over the shoulders, and the yanked-down bra, Martha was completely, utterly nude.

But before the trio of fuckers could get a good look at the maternal pussy, the cool air on Martha's privates woke up the violated prude with a start. "NOOOOOOOO" she shrieked again, and snapped her naked, fat legs shut; an audible slap rang through the room as the two white thighs clanged into each other.

But all this was too little, too late in the face of such insane bi taboo lust. With a strength fed by fanatical desire, Angelica grabbed hold of Marth's knobby knees and forcefully pushed apart the pudgy, legs, puffy and pink. Within a second or two, Martha's legs were spread eagled to their maximum extent. There was nothing hiding her pure nakedness now. Right in front of everyone, visible completely to all, was the centerpiece, the masterpiece of her body - Martha's steaming, sweet, hot, tight, wet pussy!

"UNGGGHHHHHHH" the violated matron groaned, a combination of intense horror - and, heard by all, unrestrained lustful pleasure!!

All three pairs of perverted eyes scanned and lingered over the entire scene. Two smooth legs, slightly marred by cellulite, slowly twirling in the air; two plump D-cup breasts, big and jiggly, topped by a large set of brown aureolas and two jutting, rock-hard pink nipples; a fatty tummy, shuddering and shaking at the sheer enormity of what was happening; a plump, smooth, ivory, juicy set of buttocks, spreading apart on the couch seat cushions; black, crinkly pubic hair, matted in her own vaginal juices, occupying the center crotch just where the legs met, and cascading down the sides of the pubic region; and most spectacularly, a perfectly pink set of juicy, wet, quivering vaginal lips, slightly distended, flecked by a sheen of whitish grool, barely concealing a deeper red, wet, drooling chamber deep within.

The most prominent piece of it all was a big, fat, meaty clit, dangling down from the top of the juicy cleft. Much larger than average, it gleamed reddishly; small shivering pulses visibly ran up its half-inch length.

Again Martha groaned. "AHHHHHHHHHHHH!!"

This time it was unmistakeable. The naked exposure of her most delicate private areas, glistening, pulsating, warm and wet, had tipped Martha over into the unthinkable. Lust, pure lust, was radiating upward from her meaty vagina, conquering the "moral" center of her brain, smothering her heart with taboo desire. The fantasies, long suppressed, were close to conquering her; were about to take charge of her soul. The insanity of what had happened, so utterly unexpected, had gotten into and past her "conventional" defenses, had peeled back the "normal" Martha she had shown to the world - and had revealed the most perverted aspects of her mind, bare and naked to them all.

Like her husband and son, a single spark of pure lust had ignited a firestorm of demented passion in her clit that had lain dormant and suppressed deep within for her entire life. That deep basin of suppressed desire was now fully aflame. And her pussy, drooling, puckering and pulsing, showed it to everyone.

Angelica's face was twisted and possessed by lust.

The sight of Martha's perfect middle-aged pussy - especially the fantastically-long, juicy clit - had taken possession of her mind, body and soul. The scent of the matron's secretions exploded into her nostrils, and she noticed a sudden small squirt of perfectly clear vagina liquid escape from the delectable lips, drooling down the asscrack toward the lightish brown anal sphincter, itself completely exposed to everyone's view.

"FUCKKKKKK!!" the perverted fuckwhore screamed, and with a lunge forward, implanted her entire face deep within Martha's sloppy cunt. Instantly, her tongue found the stiff nubbin of the family matriarch's quivering clit; the raspy tongue immediately began raking and lashing at the oversized, sensitive pleasure organ.

"OHGOOODDDDDDD!!" Martha screeched as the intruder tongue and lips enveloped her most private, personal zone. Her back arched upward and her mouth turned heavenward in a rictus of pure pleasure. Angelica was only the third person to ever touch her there - and the first woman! Martha squirmed her torso backward, the last remnants of her "conventional" morality kicking, trying to get away, but of course it was no use - her son and husband were holding her down tight.

And almost instantaneously, it happened - a rush of violently ecstatic sensations, emanating from her uproariously enlarged clit. Great streaks and electric bursts of insane pleasure barreled out of her vagina and into the very core of her brainstem. The fact that a woman was giving her such pleasure, the fact that her naked husband and son were looking on, meant nothing. In fact, the perverted taboo nature of the act actually intensified and increased her pleasure.

"OOOHHHHHHHHHH!!" Martha suddenly groaned, loudly, her face twisted into a lust-filled smirk, unmistakably revealing the sexual pleasure she was experiencing, admitting that her pussy had been taken over, conquered by deviant, perverted lust.

Looking on,, seeing his wife's body respond to Angelica's perverted ministrations, Sam marveled at the sight. WE'VE DONE IT!! Sam thought, inwardly screaming. MARTHA'S A FREAK TOO!! JUST LIKE ME AND CHARLY!! SHE'S GONNA FUCK US ALL!! AND FUCKING CUMMMM WITH US TOO!!

"Nooooooooo..." Martha groaned gutturally. "Oh my goddd... You're turning me... Into a... Lesbian," she croaked down to the back of Angelica's gobbling head, which was busily bobbing up and down, focused with laser-like intensity on the matron's hyper-excited pink vagina.

Angelica only partially lifted her pussy-juice-soaked lips to huskily reply. "Fuck yes. You're gonna have soooo much pussy tonight! Gonna love it sooooo much!!"

Inwardly, Martha's mind twisted in agony over the pleasure the perverted female stranger was delivering to her body. She wasn't a lesbian... NOOOOOOOOO!!... she loved men... Loved a big strong penis penetrating her...her HUSBAND's ONLY!!... but it felt... It felt... SOOOOOOO GOOOOOODD!... she had seen the stranger's body... seen her strip... saw her large TITS... her pretty VAGINA, topped by kinky black pussyhair... So perfect... so pretty... NOOOOOOOOO... she wanted... She wanted... to touch it too... NOOOOOO... Touch another woman's private parts... Breasts.. soft, warm, wet cleft... NOOOOOOO... INSANE... but sooooooo fucking GOOOOOOODDDD!! And Sam... he was a FAG... HAD SUCKED HIS OWN SON... had eaten his CUMMMMMM... SHE COULD BE BAD TOO... COULD BE PERVERTED TOO... COULD BE... COULD BE... a fucking whorish LESBO!!

While Martha surrendered to her basest desires, Angelica's rabid feasting on the motherly genitals continued unabated. The matron's saucy pussy was ravished from all angles, sucked, licked, nibbled, gnawed. Angelica thrust two fingers, three, then four and into the doyenne's sodden cunt, while her thumb helped her tongue by pushing, poking and prodding the extra-large maternal clit.

With each new thrust, each new ferocious lick, Martha's groans increased in strength and intensity. She was almost screaming now, fully enveloped in bizarre lust, as her sizzling quim released wave after wave of juicy liquid into the raven-haired slut-whore's gaping mouth and onto the fabric of the couch beneath her ass-crack.

Martha's large twits swayed and jerked while their owner twisted and tortioned her body in supreme pleasure. The incredible bobbing tits danced in front of Charly's wondering eyes; his face, already slack with lust, betrayed a new look of trancelike obsession as his eyes fixated on his mother's bounding breasts. "Mommy... Tits... Fuck..." he gurgled and moaned in a low monotone.

"Do it!" snarled his father, grinning lustily over the prostate torso of his fallen wife. "Suck on them big titties some more! Make your momma SCREAM!!"

That was all the permission Charly needed. With a groan he opened his mouth, bent downward, and with a lunge took the entire nipple, aureole and upper section of his mother's left breast into his mouth.

"AAAAAAHHHOOOOOOGGGGGHHHH!!" - the shriek emerged shrilly from Martha's s shocked mouth. She had been unconscious when her son had previously sucked on her delightful flesh, but now was fully awake to experience the perverted invasion. Lesbianism was one thing... but this was INCEST!! WITH HER SON!! NOOOOOOOO!!

But the feelings.. THE PLEASURE... that was emanating from her ravaged pussy, from her conquered breasts, was too great, too powerful to ignore... she tried to move, tried to get up, but her entire body betrayed her. She was riveted to the spot, legs open wide, being sucked into a frenzy of lust by the strange woman. And when she looked to her left, to her son, new feelings began to emerge... new perverted sensations...

Martha could view the entirety of her son's naked body clearly. His hand.. his hand was rapidly pistoning the 21 year-old's seven-inch, rigidly-erect penis... her gaze lingered on it...too long... She had seen too much... Charly... Charly...her son... had a long penis... white... straight...SHOULDN'T LOOK!!... perfectly proportioned... Circular head...IT LOOKED JUST LIKE SAM'S!! WHY HAD SHE NOTICED THAT!! WHY!!...Charly's hand was moving up and down... Making it sooo hard... how had he learned to do that sooo well...SO WRONG!!... a thin film of liquid coated Charly's fist and his straining manhood... SO SHAMEFUL TO NOTICE THAT!! LOOKED TOO LONG!!...making it shine... with a whitish foam... NOOOO... It was so big... So thick... so long and white...STOP LOOKING!!... It was... it was... hot.

"NOOOOOOOOOO!!" she screamed again.

But the pleasure... the PLEASURE... From the female tongue assaulting her privates.. her innermost sanctum... It was too much for her...it was all crazy... world turning whirlwind upside down... Her voluptuous straining pussy had become the center of her world... never had thought she would turn lesbian... but now she was hooked... She loved it... loved PUSSY SO MUCH... But also... Staring at Charly's insane tool... Sam had said it... he had sucked Charly's COCK... swallowed down the CUM... Soooo delicious... Her husband was soo lucky... Sooo lucky to have sampled that perfect tool... she wanted it... she wanted it too... the feeling... She wanted... She wanted... PUSSY!! BUT SHE WANTED COCK TOO!! CHARLY'S COCK!! SHE WANTED HER SON'S COCK!! AND HIS FUCKING CUM TOO!!

Angelica lifted her face from the matron's sizzling quim, her entire cheeks, chin, nose and lips covered with shiny, slick juice. "Charly!" she hissed. "C'mon! Time to get it! Time to suck on your mommy's pussy!!"

Charly let go of his mother's sodden floppy tit with a puckering smack, and bent downwards, nestling himself between the fat, white legs, side by side with Angelica. He shared a deep tongue kiss with the lesbian slut. A gamy, sharp taste entered his mouth. He knew what it must be at once - his mother's hot, fresh pussy juice!!

Turning from Angelica, Charly looked straight forward - directly into his mother's steaming snatch, which lay only inches away. He marveled at the incredible sight splayed out before him - his mother's reddish-pink, sodden, messy pussy. It slowly danced in front of him as his mother involuntarily twerked her torso before her son's panting gaze.

Charly reveled in every aspect of the beautiful cunt - the way it pulsed in the open air, clearly aching to be touched, probed, sucked, fucked; the way dribblings of clearish-white grool leaked out from the innermost cleft in a steady stream; the smell of the intoxicating juice that wafted from the cleft's inner depths; the sight of his mother's curly black pubic hair, completely soaked in pussy-lather, saliva and grool, plastered to the large mons veneris that thrust from her pelvis like a monument to fuck-love.

Nothing could be more beautiful, Charly thought. Except, maybe, his father's perfect penis. And with the exception of the jerking, jumping ejaculating paternal cock that only a few hours ago had coated most of his face and upper body in hot daddy ball broth, he had never seen anything so sexually exciting in his life. 

Maybe, just maybe, Charly thought, his mother's pussy would be even better than his father's cock in making him cum. He knew he was about to find out!

Lowering his head, Charly opened his mouth, and stretched out his tongue. Carefully, carefully, he bent forward. The tip of the tongue touched the most protuberant organ in the vagina - his mommy's meaty, plump, sweet red clitoris.

"AAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" the conquered mother screamed, bug-eyed, watching as her son violated her most inner sanctum with his worming tongue.

Charly reacted to the shriek with a lung forward. The entire clit popped through his lips and between his teeth; his tongue lashed the fevered organ savagely, while his teeth lightly raked the sodden sweet nubbin, his mother's seat of pleasure.

"OOHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Martha screeched, arching her back and tossing her head back in ecstasy. This was too much. TOO MUCHHHHHHHH!! A gush of fresh pussy juice emerged from the inside of her perfervid pussy, washing into Charly's mouth with a squirt.

As a full spoonful of the nasty, forbidden liquid burst into his mouth, Charly tasted it and swallowed it down. He lifted his head in surprise, and turned his slick face to this father. "Dad," Charly exclaimed. "Mommy's pussy juice tastes soooooo different from your cum! So much tangier!! I fuckin' love 'em both! Cum and pussy juice!"

Charly focused on pleasuring the meaty, sloppy pussy in front of him with a laser-like intensity. He lovingly slurped on first the left, then the right labia, pulling in the slick meaty folds into his mouth, tonguing them, licking them, scooping in sodden gobbets of the slimy juice that coated every square millimeter of their length. Like a snake, his probing tongue then darted deep within his mother's quivering vagina, slurping, licking, exploring, sucking up every drop of slimy solution produced by the crazed matron's hyperactive pussy.

After a minute or two, Charly lifted his face from the maternal privates. Beneath the shiny goo of his mother's pussy broth, which coated his chin and cheeks, Charly sported a nasty grin. By now Charly was far too gone to mince or quibble with words.

With a husky voice, he announced to everyone what was next.

"Fuckkk... now I'm gonna FUCK your hot fuckin' pussy mom... Gonna fuck you... and give you my fuckin' cum... Just like I gave it to Daddy!!"

Charly stood up and faced his mother, cock waiving in the open air. It was time.. Time to take this insane scene to its ultimate level. Charly waived his throbbing member in front of his mother's drooling pubis. His cockhead was puffed up to its utmost extent, just waiting to be bathed in motherly liquid.

Prostrate, legs wide open and twirling, hips gyrating in hypnotized lust, Martha drooled and gurgled, eyes bulging, at the sight in front of her. Her son's turgid, rigid pink-red penis. Bobbing, pulsing, throbbing. Primed and ready to fuck her. "Unnnggghhhhhh" she moaned incoherently.

Suddenly her husband Sam was by their side. With a groan, he did the incredible, the impossible - took hold of his son's throbbing penis and began lightly pumping it. He bent his head to his wife's side and hissed in her ear. "You're gonna fuckin' love this sweet fat COCK!!"

Moving his head downward, Sam did something even more unbelievable - with a huge gulp he inhaled Charly's mammoth, ballooning cockhead deep into the recesses of his open mouth; then after a few seconds of febrile sucking (in which the filial penis was perfectly lubricated with fatherly spit), Sam moved for a second to his wife's distended labia and clitoris. After a short suck session, Sam grunted in pleasure. "Fuckin' best of both worlds." He then sat back, but not before barking out a savage command:

"DO IT!!" Sam groaned. "FUCK HER!! FUCK YOUR MOMMY'S PUSSY!!"

No more permission was needed. "UNNGGGHHHHHH!!" groaned Charly as he pushed forward his entire pelvis. With one foul leap, he embedded his entire cock deep within his mother's soaked pussylips.

"AAHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" Martha screamed. The entire top half of her body arched upward. Instantaneously, a monster orgasm - the largest in her life by far - exploded from her incredible clit and raked her entire body with the purest form of ecstasy possible. "FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!" she shrieked as her entire soul dissolved into the utmost depravity, as her entire body undulated, quivered and shook with the ecstatic pleasure of the forbidden taboo orgasm.

His mother's actions were unmistakeable to Charly. He knew instantly he had made her orgasm. HE HAD MADE HIS OWN MOTHER CUM!! He marveled at the pure perversity of it.

But Charly wasn't close to being finished. Hell no. His mother's screams made him pump his cock harder and faster into the fantastic motherly pussy; he slobbered on her big quivering tits; groped and fingered her soft, jumping ass. He was in pure heaven now, groaning, grunting, moaning and screaming as he wildly pumped into the maternal fuck cavern. Never had he known such pleasure, coupled with the most insane taboo.

Sam moved to the head of the fucking couple. His wife's head was being whipped back and forth from the crazed fuck-action of her son's pelvic thrusts, her mouth was agape, tongue partially lolling out, a thin film of saliva tricking from both sides of her mouth as she groaned and grunted in animalistic pleasure. Suddenly her eyes fixated on her husband's.

Sam addressed her almost in a whisper: "Here's my good wife, Martha. I used to think she was a prude. But really she's the biggest whore who's ever lived! Look who she's fucking! Her own son!"

Martha's eyes moved up into the back of her head and she just groaned. It was undeniable. What she was doing. Along with the fact that she was plainly reveling in the forbidden, taboo fuck-action.

Sam amped up the sex talk. "You just love fucking our son, don't you baby... Admit it Martha... you love our son's hot fucking COCK!!"

The now-perverted matron groaned and finally said something comprehensive. "Ohhhhhh godddd yeahhh... love his cock..."

"You know that cock's gonna cum big in your pussy tonight, don't you?" Sam said matter of factly.

"Oh goodddd...FUCK YESSSSSSS!!" Martha hissed in reply.

"And you know you're gonna suck on pussy for the first time tonight, don't you." Sam taunted.

The look on Martha's face was priceless. "Oh my goddddd..." She mewled. She did know it. She was fucking looking forward to it! Oh my godddd, she though, she needed it... wanted it... wanted to suck... A VAGINA!! Jesus Goddd...

"Yes... yes you will... First your new friend Angelica here... and then... I'm gonna find Maggie...bring her out here..." Sam breathed.

Martha's face showed a dawning comprehension of the new dimension of perversion she was going to fall into. "Ohhhhhh Goddddd..." she groaned.

"And then I'm gonna FUCK Maggie..." He grunted.

"Oh my Godddd..." Martha yelped. Even now, she could barely believe what her husband was going to do next.

"Yesssssss... Then you're gonna suck down on Maggie...you're gonna lick our daughter's PUSSY... make her cummm... while I fuck her..." The perverted red-faced father was almost shouting now, slobber drooling from the corner of his mouth as he revealed to his wife the plan that Angelica had hatched earlier that afternoon, that he had so eagerly accepted - the seduction and defilement of his own daughter by both parents.

"OH FUCKKKKKK..." Martha grunted in ecstasy. Her body didn't react with disgust to the incredible suggestion. No, it RESPONDED! WITH PLEASURE!! SHE WANTED TO... TO... TO FUCK NOT JUST HER SON... BUT HER DAUGHTER TOO!!

OH MY GODDD!!

Sam retreated to the hindquarters of the fucking taboo pair, lasciviously passing his eyes over every inch of the incredible, sweaty spectacle. Angelica was already there, licking her lips at the insane, perverted sight of mother and son rutting noisily together. It was like nothing she'd ever seen... Goddamn, this family is so fucking HOTTTT!!

The two slowly fingering each other's privates, marveling at the incredible scene. "Fuck her... Fuck her hard..." Sam mumbled as he watched the spectacular sight. Both then bent down to see the action close up - kissing and Frenching as they observed, eyes googling only inches away from Charly's pulsating, hairy ass, which dimpled with each thrusting pounding pump downward into the sweet mommy pussy. the large, hairy balls joggled and swayed as each fuckstroke was delivered; squishy slapping sounds were clearly audible, no longer overshadowed by the grunts of the fucking pair.

The duo's fuck liquids - pussy juice and precum - covered the no-longer-privates with a delicious sheen of whitish liquid; the copious gush had leaked down Martha's ass crack to pool below on the surface of the couch, soaking it with viscous goo. The musky stench of fucking emanated clearly from the fucking pair, entering Sam's and Angelica's flaring nostrils, activating an even greater lust within them.

Sam and Angelica looked at each other over Charly's pistoning posterior, marveling as it flexed up and down while the fanatical fuck session continued. Sam had a look of pure lust in his eyes as he beheld the hairy hemispheres. His mouth was half open... thoughts of the purest perversity were taking over his entire brain... which Angelica instantly noticed.

"I think its time," she said with a wink. "Time to do it... what you've always wanted to do... fuck your son up the ass!!"

"Yesssssssss..." hissed the perverted old man, his eyes closing in pleasure.

"I'll let 'em know what's cummming..." Angelica said cheekily.

She moved to the front, where the Charly was feasting on his mother's opulent tits while the horny matron groaned in ecstasy.

"Hey guys, calm down!" Angelica urged in a faux-serious tone. "Guess what! You're about to finally get it Charly! You're daddy's cock. Way up your ASS!"

Charly immediately stopped his frenzied pumping, took his mouth off his mother's tit, and groaned in a deep voice.

"Oh my Godddd... " then in a whisper that soon strengthened into a shout, he signified his assent: "Yessssss... Fuck me daddy... Fuck my assssss... FUCK ME UP THE ASS WITH THAT BIG COCK!!"

Martha only goggled in incomprehension. No... no... it couldn't be... No. Yet another perversion... Stacked high upon all the other ones... oh my Goddd... it would be... Would be... so incredible... so.. so... HOTTTT!!

Sam knelt behind his son and wife, and placed both his hands on his Charly's strong, supple, furry asscheeks. With lust-filled strength, his trembling fingers slowly grabbed a full handful of the quivering ass-flesh, spreading the thick cheeks apart. He watched with shocking lust Charly's bobbing, joggling ballsack, which squished into his mother's sopping pussy and was by now completely coated in a stew of her lovely fuck-juices. And then focused on the ring of the brown, wrinkled anus in front of him, almost obscured by the kinky tousle of anal hair.

The flood of Martha's pussy juice had inched up her son's crack, wetting it and lubricating the area, as if the matron had purposefully prepared her son's ass for this moment. Slowly, slowly, the demented father inched forward, cock pulsing, blazing, aching to do the heretofore unthinkable...

FUCK HIS SON UP THE ASS!!

When Sam woke up this morning, it was to a blah day, full of blah nothingness. He never could have foreseen that only 8 hours later, he would be confronting this moment - his son, cock deep into his mother, presenting his horny, hairy ass to his perverted father. Begging, mewling to be fucked while he fucked his mommy...

Martha was looking upward at him, uncomprehendingly, dazedly. He let her know what was going to happen.

"Honey, I'm gonna fuck our son up the ass now. Then, when Maggie comes out, I'm gonna fuck her pussy. Can't wait to fuck our whole family!" The perverted words were said in the most workaday, average manner.

In that moment, Sam's huge member began slowly to push between his son's hairy asscheeks.

I can't believe I'm doing this... Sam groaned inwardly... I'm gonna fuck a man up the ass... my own SON... OH MY GOODDDDD!!

Down at the bottom of the fucking dogpile, Martha's eyes bugged out even more completely then before. She couldn't believe what was happening either. Ohmiggod ohmigoddd...

Sam's cherry-red cockhead reached the beginning of his son's anal sphincter. Then popped into the forbidden zone. The final taboo had been broken. With a savage growl, Sam pushed his pelvis forward, and the rigid member began to slide deep into the white-hot ass canal. It went in easily, surprisingly easily, and only stopped when Sam's hairy stomach bumped into the soft, hairy hemispheres of his son's upper rump.

"YESSSSSSSSSS!!" Sam shouted in ecstatic glee. "FUCCKKKKKKK!!" It was so tight. SO FUCKING TIGHT!!

"OHHHHHHHHH!!" Charly howled at the anal invasion, his entire ass cavity stretched out, penetrated to the max. His eyes bugged out of his sockets and his mouth opened wide, as his head whipped back and forth.

The pleasure... the incredible pleasure Charly was feeling... it was beyond belief... he was a human sandwich... being used, fucked by both a man and woman at the same time... By his own PARENTS!! Experiencing mommy pussy and daddy cock simultaneously... He opened his mouth in a silent howl of the purest perverted ecstasy... his eyes rolled into the back of his head...

Down below him, Martha recognized her son's reaction and knew what was happening instantly. She knew what it felt to have a large cock penetrate her, conquer her. The pure pleasure of it all. Now she saw the expression of perfect cock-lust on her son's face. A face she had made herself, many times, after Sam's strong, long penis and bulbous cockhead had invaded her pussy. A face she was making now as his son's massive member reamed her steaming hot cunt. Martha knew it. She knew! HER HUSBAND WAS FUCKING THEIR SON UP THE ASS!!

With the incredible realization, yet another orgasm blasted out of the matron's livid, demented clit. "YOWWWWWWWWWW!!" Martha screamed in a bloodcurdling shriek as she felt her husband's massive perverted fuck-thrust push her son's cock even deeper into her sodden, sopping pussy. And then, frantically, both male lovers began to hunch, buck and hump, their pelvises gyrating wildly, the grinding friction and penetrations creating even more perfervid, grotesque passion, if that was possible.

Martha's eyes turned back into her head, but she could not deny the incredible ecstasy she had been conquered by, the buzzsaw of lust she had fallen into. Never had she experienced two back-to-back orgasms - especially none this powerful. She loved what her family had become! Their bodies connected together, linked together with pulsing cocks, the threesome squirmed, wiggled and groaned. They had become a pulsating, foaming, writhing entity of pure perverted pleasure, a creature controlled by pussy and cocklust. And Martha fucking LOVED IT!!

Charly licked his lips, his contorted face filled with lust. He groaned in his mother's face a new perverse suggestion.. "Ohhhhh... Daddy's fuckin' me now...but next I'm gonna fuck HIM up the ass... fuck yes...CUMM deep in his fuckin' ASSSSSS!!"

The prim proper matron of a few minutes ago was gone. Instead of reacting with outrage to the horrid statement, Martha reacted with glee.. "YESSSSS...Fuck your father... fuck him up the ASSSS!!"

Up above, Sam heard the perverted words of his wife, groaned in ecstasy, and fucked his son's ass even harder. It was impossible to believe - but within 10 minutes, Martha had transformed from a prim, uptight middle-aged prude into the most lascivious, bisexual fuck-whore imaginable, a ravening pussy aching to fuck her entire family.

Around the other side of the house, behind a closed door, 18-year-old Maggie lay on her bed, earphones plugged in, listening to loud rap music. The cute co-ed was 5 foot 8 inches tall, 135 pounds. Her puckish mouth was surmounted by a bottony nose; a long tousle of dirty-blond hair tumbled from her head. Not one word, one cry, had reached her ears yet from the drama going on in the living room. Until that last hi-pitched "YOW" from her mother. That, she heard.

At that very moment, Maggie's hands were buried in her pants. A single finger was tracing a figure 8 over her panties, directly above her smooth, nubile clitoris.

Those panties by now were slightly damp - and were getting wetter.

The truth was, Maggie was no saint. No little angel. Although she was still a virgin, four months ago she had first tried masturbation. Her first orgasm came easily, so easily, exploding from her pulsing quim with the power of a TNT blast. That first cum had arrived at the thought of the hottest guy in school, Chad, getting naked in front of her... Taking down his pants... Showing her his... his... his huge, shapely, rock-hard penis... OHHHHHHHHHHH!!

Since that day, Maggie's sexual adventures with her own body had become compulsive. Even though she had never experienced a penis in her vagina, she sure made up for that loss by use of first her fingers, then a variety of objects - her hair brush, for one. She began masturbating once per week... then once a day... Then finally multiple times every day. Her full, juicy clit seemed to demand constant attention.

Maggie began to finally watch porn on her phone, something she had never been attracted to before... but she sure was now. Like her father, like her brother, like everyone who drinks from that perverted fountain, Maggie soon found herself viewing - and responding to - more and more perverted stuff. Threesomes. Girl-girl action (her first lesbian porn session led to a pounding, shrieking cum that would have given her away had anyone been at home at the time.) Then male-male-female bisexual stuff. It was all so hot... So fucking hot!

More perversions followed. Maggie would secretly take a cucumber from the fridge; would ram the entire vegetable deep down her ravenous pussyhole, eliciting deep orgasm after orgasm, cum after cum. Then she would replace the grool-stained veggie to the fridge. It turned her on to know her family would be eating her juices...

Just a week ago, unbeknownst to everyone, the family had each, separately, self-pleasured their genitals to juicy, groaning, explosive orgasms only minutes apart - Sam in his office, Charly in the back room, Martha in her room, and Maggie on her bed. It was a coincidence, but one impelled by the incredible sexual perversions bubbling beneath the surface of each of them. Had any of them known what the others were fantasizing at the moment of orgasm, they would have been shocked.

Sam's penis erupted as he watched a porn video showing a huge, distended cock blasting semen into the faces of a young male-female couple; Charly cummed while watching on his phone a man groan as he fucked a woman and was penetrated anally by another man; Martha's busy fingers administered a colossal clitoral orgasm while fantasizing about four black men violently fucking her while she ate out a slut's snatch; and Maggie's buzzing pussy exploded while imagining a massive orgy of men and women intertwined in every ecstatic combination possible.

Each orgasm was blasted forth by the most perverted bisexual desires, instigated by fantasies of cocks, pussies, tits and asses, indiscriminately pulsing, pounding and spooging on each other. This was a family filled with explosive sexual energies, buried deep beneath a conventional, staid exterior.

And yet none of those desires would have ever been revealed or even hinted at without Angelica's demonic intervention. Her whorish gambit - seducing Sam - had tapped a hidden well of unbelievable depravity deep within his soul; and that firestorm of taboo perversion had now exploded outward to conquer his son and wife, unleashing their inner true animalistic natures. This magma of pure perverted lust was now exploding in Maggie's own living room!

Maggie took off her earphones. For the first time she heard something emanating from the living room area - something strange. Did that sound like groans? Like even screams?

Removing her hands from her panties, Maggie stood up and opened the door.

Yes, it was true. She heard it clearly. Groaning. Moaning, Grunts. Of both men and women. What the hell was this? It sounded like the sounds from one of her pornos!

Quickly she rushed out of the room, paced down the hallway, and turned into the living room.

To be confronted with a sight that was literally beyond her wildest imaginings.

At first she saw only flesh. There were naked people! Four of them! In her living room!

And they were FUCKING!!

The incredible scene was so surprising, so shocking, that Maggie simply did not believe her eyes for a moment. There were two men, and two women. It was wilder than the most crazy orgies she had ever watched on her phone. The older woman's big, floppy, bouncing and swaying tits were being sucked by a younger, dark-haired woman. While simultaneously she was being fucked by a younger guy - who in turn was being fucked by an older man. Up the ass!

It took a moment. But then she realized who the people were.

She almost fainted at the realization.

They were her parents! And her brother!!

HER PARENTS AND BROTHER WERE HAVING SEX WITH EACH OTHER!! ALL TOGETHER!! OH MY GODDDDD!!

CHARLY WAS PUTTING HIS HARD LONG PENIS DEEP INTO MOMMY'S VAGINA!!

AND DADDY WAS... HE WAS... STICKING HIS SLIMY RED DICK INTO CHARLY'S HAIRY BUTT!! INTO HIS ASSHOLE!!

THEY WERE ALL HUMPING LIKE CRAZY!! PUMPING INTO EACH OTHER LIKE MANIACS!!

AND THEY WERE ALL GROANING AND GRUNTING IN PLEASURE!!

JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!!

Maggie's eyes goggled in absolute shock and disbelief. The entire world seem to spin for a minute; in her vertigo she sank to her knees. She simply could not believe her eyes. Could not! She closed them, then opened them again. The same unbelievable spectacle remained, complete with the groans, screams, grunts and squishy sounds that had brought her to the living room in the first place. Along with the unmistakeable funk that she realized well from her own masturbation sessions - the scent of vaginal secretions.

SHE WAS SMELLING HER OWN MOTHER'S FRESH PUSSY JUICE!!

Suddenly the one person she didn't recognize in the room - a black-haired younger woman with large breasts and a stunning bod - looked up from sucking on Maggie's mom's right tit. Her face instantly brightened. "Hey everybody!" she crowed out. "Look who's here! It must be Maggie! Here to join the family fun!"

As if she was dazed, Martha turned her head to see her daughter. "Oh my god... Noooooooooo..." she groaned.

The opposite reaction came from Sam. Whipping his head around (while continuing to rhythmically pump his cock into his son's asshole), Sam licked his lips in a snarl. "Fuck yeahhhhhhh..." he growled. "Maggie's here! Fuckin' new pussssyyyyyyyy..." With a lascivious smirk, he looked his daughter straight in the eye. "God, can't fuckin' WAIT to see your sweet hot twat! We're all gonna fuck it tonight..."

The incredible, unbelievable words heightened the sense of unreality even more. Her staid, conventional father was FUCKING CHARLY UP THE FUCKING ASS!! AND WAS TALKING SEXILY ABOUT... ABOUT... HER VAGINA!! ABOUT FUCKING HER!! OH MY FUCKING GOD!!

The strange black-haired woman suddenly got up and approached her. Maggie stared dully as the naked slut approached her, bent down, and whispered in her ear. "Isn't it fucking HOT!! Your mom, dad and brother are fucking total PERVS! There's only one thing you can do - join them!"

And then suddenly Angelica lunged forward and, like she had done to Maggie's mother, began to French kiss the shocked teen deeply on the mouth, while her strong, pliable hands reached down to immediately caress and knead upon the young girl's breasts, hidden beneath the sheer fabric of her blouse.

Anyone who has actually been confronted with this situation knows what happened next. The sight of Maggie's naked family all fornicating like mad, the sound of the groans and grunts; the smell of fresh pussy juice, ass and slimy precum mixed together; and finally the forbidden feel of a strange lesbian's touch, broke something deep within the teen. It seemed impossible, but Maggie didn't recoil from the stranger's touch - she RESPONDED! Her family was perverted, undeniably mad with depraved bisexual incest lust. Her hindbrain - her clit - suddenly decided - Why can't I be too?

And the reality was, Maggie's reaction was not strange or unlikely at all. In fact, it was completely typical. She had just witnessed her entire family gloriously fucking each other. There were no more secrets, no more lies possible. Just the stark, naked reality of family bisexual lust, completely out in the open. No one - especially not a nubile young teen like Maggie - would have acted differently. She did the only thing that seemed natural, even normal at that point - she decided to join her family in their incredible, illicit, exciting perversion.

A flame of pure passion suddenly exploded deep within the teenie's tight, moist cunt. And then suddenly it was more than just moist - it was sopping. "Unghhhhhhhhh..." Maggie groaned into Angelica's mouth. Pressing her advantage, the raven-haired slut instantly thrust her lithe hand deep down the youngster's loose biker shorts. Only minutes after penetrating the mother, the daughter's hot little snatch was invaded by Angelica's hard fingers. Another personal best for Angelica - she would get to fuck mother and daughter in the same day!

Although Angelica had been certain a few hours ago that Sam's entire family would succumb to bizarre lust, inwardly the whore yet again marveled. What a family! What a fucking family!! She could never have conjured them up in her wildest fantasies! This was the most depraved group of human beings she had ever met - and that was saying something. And to think of it - she had done this! Turned this proper, upstanding family into insane bisexual fuck-sluts! Angelica's tenth orgasm of the day rocketed from her clit as she foresaw the final orgy that was soon to come into being, right here in the living room.

An entire family fucking each other into the hardest, strongest, juiciest orgasms possible! FUCK YEAHHH!!

Incredibly, the same type of image had just popped into Maggie's very perverse imagination as well. Of her fucking her brother, her father - and even her mother! "Yesssssss..." mewled the now-depraved teen in a low groan. She closed her eyes, groaning.

And when she opened them, was confronted with the site of a mammoth, erect, pulsing, dripping cock. It's long, hard shaft emerged from a thatch of crazed, kinky pubic hair, above two ruddy pendulous balls. Its bulbous, obscene head hanging only Inches from her face. She looked up to see its owner...

It was her father's!

Sam was breathing heavily, with the same demonic, red expression of pure lust on his face.

IT WAS HAPPENING. IT WAS HAPPENING RIGHT NOW!! HE WAS GOING TO FUCK HIS DAUGHTER!! RIGHT IN FRONT OF EVERYONE!!

"Fuckin' suck on it... SUCK ON DADDY'S COCK!!" Sam snarled at his virginal daughter.

Maggie didn't have time to reply before Angelica cooed into her ear. "You heard the man... time to try out this big horny cock!" And with that, just as she had done only a few hours with Charly, Angelica firmly placed her hand on the back of the teen's head and strongly pushed her head forward - directly into her father's erect, drooling penis.

"MMMMGHHHHHHH!!" Maggie groaned as the rigid member instantly penetrated her two slick red lips and probed into her soft, warm mouth. "FUCCCKKKKKK!!" Sam groaned in triumph as, for the second time that day, one of his children enveloped his cock deep into their mouth.

From the couch, Martha watched the entire obscene spectacle, and gurgled between groans: "OHHhhhhhhh...yessssssss..." Perverted ecstasy had conquered her soul. Her former "moral" sense, in the throes of extinction, watched helplessly as she mumbledly cheered on the perverse defilement. She was watching her own husband face-fuck her own daughter - and SHE WAS LOVING IT! Crazily, strange words suddenly burst from her lips, even though her tongue and lips were leaden with lust: "Fuck her... fuck Maggie's pussy!!" she urged in depraved delirium.

Things had gone too far for Sam to wait another second. He wanted the ultimate family orgy, and he wanted it NOW!! "Fuckin' strip her!" He shouted to Angelica. "I wanna see that slut NAKED!!"

With a grin, Angelica obliged. Her left hand still engaged in diddling the teen's soaking vagina, Angelica directed her right to the thin t-shirt clothing her upper frame. With a savage yank she literally tore the small shift in twain, pulling the remnants down to Maggie's waste. Then it was short work to pull of the teen's loose shorts and sodden panties down to the floor, where the teen knelt.

With the exception of a rumple of clothes around her knees, Maggie was now completely nude. Her pink, perfect body exposed to all. Two smallish B-cup breasts - almost Cs - hung perkily below her shoulders. Unlike her mother's, the aureolas were hardly dark, just a tad pinker than her perfect white skin. Two bright red nipples surmounted the perfectly round globes, which shivered and shook as her father lustily pounded his member into the teen's stretched out mouth. A round, tight tummy lay below; and under that, light brown, chestnut-colored pubic hair rose upward between two toned thighs; behind which were the two perfectly-sized hemispheres of a shapely, young ass. Maggie had never shaved down there, and the thicket of hair covered a large portion of her area between her thighs.

And then, just below that, was the best, the most perfect, the most sublime part of Maggie's body - the thin folds of her budding, beautiful, slobbering snatch. It was small, petite - the pussy lips having seldom encountered stretching. For the most part, it was very distinct from her mother's slopping, steaming fuck-hole. But Maggie had inherited one thing from her mother - the same oversized, galloping clit hung down from the top of the cleft. Juice from deep within the enraged vagina had dripped down and collected on the reddish-pink organ, covering it with glorious goo grool.

"UNNGGHHHHH!!" Sam groaned as he beheld his daughter's adult nakedness for the first time. "Godddd... Gotta fuck that fuckin' PUSSY!!"

From the couch, Charly cheered on the depravity. "Fuck yeah, Dad! Fuck that fuckin' pussy! Give Maggie that hot cock! Then I'm next!"

Sam reached down and grabbed his naked daughter by the waste. Lost in an abyss of lust, with a horrible groan he picked up the light, lithe teenager with one savage yank, and carried her over to the couch. His large, wet cock poked Maggie's thigh in the side, leaving a smear of lustful liquid.

With a shout, Sam turned his daughter upside down and held her tight as he approached the couch, which was still rocking under the exertions of the rutting mother-son pair. Maggie's legs fell down to the side, and her beautiful, perfect teen pussy lay only inches below her father's lasciviously grinning face.

"Fuck yeahh... Fuck yeahh... teen snatch!!" Sam groaned as he beheld, for the first time, the insides of his daughter's dripping, adult vagina, and smelled the scent of lustful juices boiling deep inside. Meanwhile, Maggie's upside down head hung right on top of her father's bobbing, massive seven inch pole; its red, flaming head pulsed only millimeters from her open mouth.

But before anything else could happen, Sam gurgled and groaned again. "We're all gonna fuck together now... all gonna fuck each other fuckin' NOW!!"

With a grunt Sam virtually tossed his daughter on top of the fucking pair on the couch. Maggie landed face first with a smack right onto her mother's public area; her upper mouth touching her brother's slimy cockshaft as it whipsawed into and out of Martha's snatch, while her lower lip felt itself resting directly on the monstrous, soft and juicy motherly clit.

Charly raised his torso abruptly at the last second, thus avoiding contact; but Maggie's hindquarters landed directly above her mother's face, legs straddling the matron's head. Her daughter's spectacular teen pussy was now positioned directly above Martha's lips and tongue; the mother's eyes had a perfect vantage point to observe her daughter's vagina at close range, her petite light-brown bush, and up the ass crack of the tight young buttocks.

Incredibly, unbelievably, her daughter's drooling, grooling, hot pink pussy now hung only inches from Martha's face. The musty smell of female secretions - a smell and a taste she well knew during her frenzied masturbation sessions - hung heavy in the air. Suddenly, a large drop of the young girl's musky juices gathered on the left outer labia; and then detached, dropping directly on Martha's cheek.

"YEESSSSSSS!!" the mad mother groaned as she wicked the delightful gobbet from her flesh onto a finger and plunged the wicked digit into her mouth.

Sam approached the threesome on his knees, on the couch, breathing heavily. His daughter's perfectly-shaped, white buttocks were directly in front of him, quivering as the girl waited for what was to come. The pinkish-red teen twat hung wetly directly below, liberally dripping juices onto the face of Martha, who beheld the entire panorama with undisputed electric lust in her eyes.

The incredible actions of the day flashed by him once again. Fucking a stranger, Angelica, on the couch. Blasting massive ropes of hot cum into his son's mouth. Drinking down Charly's semen like a madman. And finally fucking his son like a ragdoll, taking his ass-virginity in front of his whole family. In just a few hours, Sam had become the ultimate bisexual family fucker. And now there was one set of genitals left to conquer. His daughter's. It was time. Time to give his whole family what they always wanted. Always needed. HIS COCK!! HIS CUMMMMM!!

"OOOOHHHHHHHHHH!!" Sam screamed and with one savage thrust plunged his mammoth member hilt-deep into his daughter's sodden, velvety, waiting pussy.

"AAAAAAAANNNGGGGGGGHHHHHH!!" was the collective screech from the rest of the family in unison at the unholy invasion, the final taboo act that completed the bisexual family fuck-fest touched off by Angelica's wicked plan.

"EEEEYYOOOWWWWWW!!" shrieked Angelica in riotous orgasm as she beheld the ultimate desecration that she had created. The impossible, the incredible had happened. With one ferocious spark, Angelica had ignited a holocaust of lust in the Smith family, a wildfire that had utterly consumed their previously boring, doddering conventional carapaces, a blowtorch of liquid incestual fire that had transformed them utterly into bisexual slut-fuckers.

Angelica suddenly realized that this was a moment that had to be memorialized forever. Finding her phone in the hip pocket of her jeans, discarded on the floor, Angelica turned it on and pointed the camera at the fucking family foursome.

What she recorded would have been completely inconceivable to the heretofore straightlaced family only hours before. But it was happening - a desperate, frenzied orgy of incomparable scope and depravity.

Mother and daughter were clasped together tightly in an incredible "69"; Martha was hungrily, desperately devouring the sodden lips of her young daughter's incredible pussy, while simultaneously sucking on the scrotum and shaft of her husband's pistoning penis. The father's relentless cock, in turn, was mercilessly pumping into and out of his daughter's hot fuck-pocket.

Meanwhile, down at the other end, the action was reversed - Maggie was crazily devouring her mother's loose, pink pussylips with lips and tongue, and nibbling at the fantastic mommy clit, while all the while passionately feasting on her brother's swollen schlong. The pulsing, pounding family fucked each other with complete abandon, totally forsaking any inhibitions. Martha's big tits swayed in almost perfect harmony with the back-and-forth movement of her daughter's more perky breasts, as each of their bodies shuddered to the pounding of the two men's big cocks; so too, did father and son's balls jump and dance in unison as the incredible pumping intensified.

"OHHHHHH..." Sam panted with ecstasy as he experienced teen pussy for the first time. His daughter's cunt didn't hold onto his cock with the same ferocious grip as his son's asshole - nothing could be that tight. But it was absolute perfection in its smoothness, in its clingy softness, in its incredible wetness.

"FUCK!!" Sam shrieked aloud as he pumped his girl's perky beaver with wild thrusts. "Maggie pussy soooooo fuckin' GOOOOOD!!"

Martha unpuckered her lips from her daughter's saucy pussy for one moment to agree. "Fuck yeahhhh soooooo goooddddd!!" Martha explored her daughter's tight, toasty quim with frenzied intensity, licking, sucking, nibbling every square millimeter of the teen snatch as if it were her last meal. "Godddd sooo gooodd..." She moaned and groaned. She fucking loved it - SHE LOVED TO SUCK ON HER DAUGHTER'S PUSSY. JESUS CHRIST!!

Meanwhile, rank perversion had conquered Maggie's soul in its entirety. The teen had never before used any form of profanity; now, as she sucked her mother's cunt and brother's penis in abandon - while being rocked by her father's pumping cock - nasty, taboo words flowed from her as if from a lanced boil:

"Fuckin' love suckin' mom... Cock so fuckin' good... ohhhhhhh... Daddy fuck me harder... HARDER WITH THAT COCK... Gotta have some cummmmm... love mommy's pussy...goddamn these balls so hairy and good... fuckin' motherfucker got one hard cock... gonna make mommy cum sooooo harrrddddd... AAHHHHH...OHHHHH... FUCKKKKKK!!"

By now the family fuck frenzy had settled into a pounding rhythm. Sam as paterfamilias acted as fuckmaster in chief, egging everyone on. "Goddamn, Martha, you sure fuckin' love Maggie's hot pussy!" he shouted out to his wife below. Between each pump, he could periodically see her crazed face going down on the teen's hot twat.

His wife savagely replied. "Fuck yeah... God I love this cunt... and our son's big fat COCK!!"

"Hell yeah I love that cock sooo much too," Sam replied. "He's gonna give you one hell of a cumblast deep in your pussy. Hope I can get another taste of it." Then, looking straight at his son, Sam lustily declared: "I'm never gonna get tired of your hot cum. Want it every fuckin' day!"

Charly, who by now was almost hyperventilating, replied between groans.

"Fuckk... Yeahhh... you'll get... all my cock... and cum...after mommy gets it..."

"I wanna see that big cock cum again... You're gonna cum for me first..." Sam ordered.

Charly shook his head. "Fuck... no...ahhhh... wanna see you cum first... Wanna eat it up again.. ohhhhhh"

Sam grunted. "Nope... Mommy's pussy gonna make you cum real quick. Always did for me..." Then, directed to his wife, Sam ordered. "Use that hot pussy good, Martha... Make our son cum fuckin' soon... I gotta see it."

Martha just growled in reply, her mouth stuffed with her daughter's pussylips and husband's pistoning cock.

Maggie obscene exhalations had now ceased. A whirlwind of bisexual incest had claimed her entire self, mind, body and soul. Only five minutes ago, what she beheld with her eyes would have been literally incomprehensive - the close-up view of her mother's roasting, hot-pink pussy being savagely reamed by her brother's steel-hard slippery cock. But it was happening right in front of her face - and she fucking loved it! The taste, the smell of her mother's incredible soaking vagina had conquered every square inch of her now-perverted soul, and she exulted in pleasure as she gobbled down the forbidden liquid. 

Suddenly, the sheer perversity of it all pierced Maggie to the center of her being. She suddenly cried out. "OHHHH GOODDDDDD... I'm gonna cum... Mommy and daddy are making me CUMMMMMMMM!!" With a shriek, the most powerful orgasm of her young life exploded from deep within the wanton teen's electric, shivering clit, which at that very moment had been ravenously sucked between her manic mother's front teeth.

Maggie shuddered violently back and forth, and a rush of new, fresh pussy sauce burst from her snatch, filling her mother's grasping mouth in seconds. As she ravenously gobbled down the liquid evidence of her daughter's climax, Martha was again thrust over the edge, blasting yet again into the throes of depraved orgasm. "AAAAIIIIIIIIIIII!!" both women ululated in an almost surreal harmony.

The two women of the family now writhed, groaned and grunted in ecstasy, pinioned on the cocks of father and son. By now, only a few minutes into the incredible foursome family fuck, all words had ceased. The depraved fuck monstrosity that was once the Smith family pulsated, pumped, jerked and thrust into and out of each other's bodies. They had turned into a sweaty, juicy, nasty, grunting fuck machine, writhing in pleasure as they frantically sought the supreme ecstasy of bisexual incest orgasm. They were beyond words now, a howling, screeching blob of demented pleasure, feasting on each other's juicy genitals.

Sam could feel the semen boiling in his balls, ready for release. But he had to hold on... Had to see his son's incredible cock cum first...

He got his wish. Charly's more inexperienced penis simply could not hold out against his mother's warmly sucking pussy, the lashing's of his sister's rough tongue. Suddenly the young man's fevered twerking stopped, and his mouth opened wide in a fantastic grimace.

"Ohhhh Goddd... It's cumming... FUCKING CUMMING!!" the salacious son shrieked. His man-meat throbbed mightily in the motherly fuck-hole, and a monumental semen blast rocketed deep into the maternal pussy, coating every square millimeter of the corrupted pussy's interior in slick, sticky cum.

Just as he had done earlier that afternoon while cumming in Angelica's perfect pussylips, with an almost involuntary jerk Charly drew back his cock out of the motherly snatch. The action allowed everyone to see the son's obscene spasming member deliver four more juicy cum blasts onto his momma's tummy, pubic hair and outer pussy lips; one final burst squirted onto his sister's cheek, coating it with nasty, thick, gelatinous brother seed.

"FUCKKKK!! YESSSSSS!!" Charly's mother screamed. Her shriek intensified as yet another orgasm, the strongest yet, exploded outward from her pussy, prompted by the sight and feel of the warm son-semen coating her privates. She had made her son cum... HAD MADE HER SON CUM ALL OVER HER!! OH MY GODDDD!!

Her ass and tummy jerking, her big, floppy tits jiggling in supreme pleasure, Martha's licking and sucking on her daughter's pussy and on her husband's cock intensified.

Working on perverted instinct, Martha cupped a handful of Charly's fresh spunk, wiping it from her fat tummy, and immediately began working the noisome solution into the pulsing, pumping genitals above her, lubricating father's cock and daughter's vagina in a thick varnish of son cum.

"It's all over your cock you fucker!" she shrieked up at her husband. "Your son's fuckin' CUMMM!!"

Along with the vision of his son's penis jetting loads of sperm onto his mother's lewd and lascivious pussy, the fantastic semen lube-job had had the intended effect on Sam's pulsating member, throwing him cock-first over the edge of ecstasy.

"Fuck yeahhh... Gonna give you my cum tooooo... Gonna give you all my fuckin' CUMMMMM!!" screamed the perverted father. And with that, his cock jerked upward.

Maggie felt her father's penis strengthen, stiffen. She knew what it meant. "GIMME YOUR CUM DADDDYYYYY!!" she screamed at the top of her lungs.

That did it. "AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!" shouted Sam, and unleashed the full measure of his balls deep into his daughter's perfect teen snatch.

Pump after pump, gout after gout of smooshy semen filled up and overflowed the forbidden sacred daughterly valley; almost immediately, large drops and dollops of the sweet liquid overflowed from the tight pussylips and began falling Niagara-like onto Martha's red, shocked face.

Roaring, Sam pulled his cock from his daughter and stood up on the couch over his prostrate family. Jumping and jerking, the paternal cock still issued forth a volcanic spew of molten semen. Shot after shot burst forth from the massive member, falling down on the prostrate forms of the sweaty, cum-soaked trio like water from a fireman's hose. Writhing, together, mother and daughter screamed as the fantastic cum shower instigated yet another massive orgasm in their burning pussies.

Angelica got the entire thing on video. Then she turned the camera to her red, sweaty, lust-filled face. "I fucking can't believe it, but I DID THIS! Made a whole family FUCK! Made 'em all CUMMMMM!! Holy shit!!" She then lovingly panned the camera over every inch of the perverted Smith family's spooge-spattered, prostrate bodies, before turning it off.

It was a family video they would treasure forever.