Futa 'Bout the Family
byHeroFizzer©

"Moooom, are we finished here?"

"Not until I know you've learned this properly!"

It was a nice and sunny afternoon and Joanne was sitting on the couch, her chin resting in her hand as her mother Venessa wrote on a chalkboard in the middle of the living room. Ignoring the fact they keep a chalkboard handy, there are a few pictures up on the board; a bird with some eggs, a flower, and a bee.

"Anyway, as you can see, much like birds, women lay eggs, which reside in our ovaries. The bee represents the man's cock in this metaphor, and it's stinger penetrates the flower the same way a man penetrates your vagina."

"Mom, I'm going to college in a few weeks, I don't see why you feel the need to teach me what I already learned in high school." the eighteen year old Joanne pouted, bored with the lecture her mom was giving her.

"It's a reminder about sex and how it works. I'm making sure my baby's safe when she doesn't have her mother bird watching over her." Venessa pointed at her daughter with the piece of chalk she was using. "I'm not at all surprised at the times you've had unprotected sex at school, but I have to make sure you understand how the human body works. They certainly didn't explain that." She muttered under her breath.

"Whatever." Joanne crossed her arms, looking away from the board. "Nothing's going to change, I'll still have sex without condoms."

"If you're willing to offer me a grandson, then I would gladly accept that offer. Lord knows your brother can't..." Venessa said angrily as she spun back to the board. She was still somewhat seeing red, and had tapped the chalk harder against the board than she anticipated. She cursed herself and bent over to pick it back up.

Joanne looked back at the board, but noticed something peaking out of her mother's skirt. She gasped as she realized what it was; her mother had a cock, and sweet baby Jesus was it huge.

Joanne's lips salivated, and she bit down on the lower one as she watched it wiggle freely as Venessa picked the chalk up. "Anyway," Venessa continued, "so when the eggs hatch, they can-" She stopped. And she gasped. She realized someone was on her from behind, and she only figured on one guess. "Joanne!"

Her daughter didn't respond, as she already had the massive meat rod in her mouth as she knelt behind her mother, the rod sticking out like a tail. Joanne bobbed her head back and forth as she savored the taste of her mother's sausage.

"Joanne, don't-" her mother attempted to stop her, but it was too late. Her cock was already at full mast, and she found her daughter's blow job skills very satisfactory, even for her age. "Don't stop..." She whispered, her eyes closed as she fell into a place of bliss.

Joanne nodded with the cock still in her mouth, swirling her tongue around the head while the rest of her mouth was struggling to reach the base as she gurgled on her mother's big thick cock. She had to pull her head off the large cock and take a deep breath. She was very much amazed at the size her mother's cock was, but refused to give up on it as she pressed her lips onto the cock once more, getting further down on it than last time, but only mere inches from the base.

Her mother, meanwhile, was achieving new levels of bliss, as her tongue was out and panting at how her daughter was treating her cock. She lifted her shirt up over her head, tossed it on the couch, and rubbed her breasts around as another hand goes up against the chalkboard.

Joanne''s tongue went deeper with her mouth, swirling around the big shaft while her lips tried to make it's way back to the base. With several attempts made, all of them ending with her gag reflexes plotting against her, Joanne took another gasp of air and said to her mother, "It's too big, mom!"

"Good. I want you to learn to take bigger dicks, baby. Mine's the best way to start." She turned around to face her daughter, and grabbed her cock in her hand as the other one remained on her huge knockers,pinching her nubs between her fingers. She swung her cock into Joanne's face, slapping it against her cheek repeatedly. Before she could even rub her cheek from the surprising pain she was feeling, Joanne found the cock in her mouth again, the head just reaching her throat. She gurgled and gagged one more time before forcing herself off it again, coughing.

"Mom, please! I can't go that much deeper!" Joanne pleaded.

"Fine," Venessa said as she slid her skirt off and continued to stroke her meat, "at least let me have a taste of you."

Joanne nodded as she slid her panties and shorts off and sat down on the couch, licking her fingers before rubbing her cunt as she gave a glazed stare to her mother. "I'm ready for you, mommy." She said in a mock tone.

Venessa got on all fours in front of her daughter and placed her tongue at the bottom of her cunt and quickly flickered against it, lapping up the tiny juices she was leaking out. Joanne hollered, knowing no boy had ever done that to her before, and rather enjoyed it. "Mooooommmmyyyyy, yeeeees!" She exclaimed, her head tilted back.

But her mom had barely begun. She suctioned her mouth to her pussy lips and slurped the juices up, savoring it in her mouth as she wanted the flavor to last. Joanne was moaning as she clenched her fists and teeth to hold restraint. But her mother's sucking skills were exuberant and made her want to come, but she wished to enjoy the ecstasy a bit longer. She removed her top and rubbed her soft nipples, slapping them lightly to take attention away from her pussy-licking mother and her tongue. But Venessa didn't stop as she wagged her tongue against the clit and placed two of her fingers inside her daughter's tiny pussy, stroking her insides rapidly.

"NNNNNnh, yes, mommmyyyy..." Joanne whimpered as she clawed the couch, her nails dragging into the fabric. Venessa looked up at her daughter as she could see her saliva dripping down her chin. She stuck in another finger for good measure, and clawed her nails into the roof of her daughter's pussy. Joanne hollered again, and bit down on her finger as she came on her mother's digits.

"That's for clawing my couch. If you ear into it, I'll give just as much back." She smacked Joanne's pussy for good measure, and made the girl yelp. "Now get on your knees."

Without a complaint, Joanne nodded and turned around on the couch, on her knees as her ass stuck out. Venessa licked her lips as she stroked her giant cock, taking in the beauty of the sight before molesting it. She slowly penetrated the entrance with the head, and then pushed the rest of the slab of meat inside. Joanne's eyes bugged out of her face as she held her jaw shut to keep in her surprised whine of pleasure. She immediately came again, her fluids leaking onto her mom's cock. And the worst part was that her mom had just begun.

Venessa wrapped her arms around Joanne's waist and gyrated her hips into her ass cheeks. Her cock base was going all the way into her daughter's pussy, and her hips kept slapping into her ass, a beautiful sound of skin on skin being created. Joanne kept yelling out each second, the feeling of her mother going so deep inside her causing her to cum each time she rammed into her. The young girl was drooling with delight, as each slap of meat inside her reminded her that no boy was ever this good at making her orgasm.

Her mother grabbed hold of Joanne's tits and squeezed her nipples, causing Joanne to finally open her mouth and scream in anguish. She rubbed her clit at such a fast rate that her pussy was creating more and more excrete to the point that it was dripping out side her cunt and onto the floor. Her mother grabbed her hair and pulled her hair back, forcing her back to touch against her huge breasts. Venessa picked her daughter up by her legs and pulled her off the couch, and said to her, "Your turn to do the work."

Joanne hopped in the air as her mother held her by the ass, moaning with an open mouth as she slapped her ass down to the base of the cock, cumming by the second. Her tongue started to hang out of her mouth, and salivated like a cartoon dog, drooling onto her breast.

"This is it, baby, mamma's cumminnnnn...NGUUUUUUUUHHHHHHRRRR!" Venessa gave as much warning as she could, but it was too late for her to pull out. Her cock exploded in her daughter's pussy, her jizz letting out inside her tubes. Joanne wrapped her arm around her mom's neck, and groaned with gritted teeth as she held on tightly. Her mom had a surprisingly high stamina, as her cum continuously flowed inside her, to the point it was leaking out of Joanne's cunt and back onto Venessa's rod.

When she finally stopped, the two ladies were panting, tired from the great fuck they just had. They were sweaty as heck, and it was worth it. Venessa gave her daughter a peck on the cheek before she asked, "Now what did we learn today?"

"Mamma's...cock...is the best." She said with a smile, panting as she wipes her saliva away. She pulled away from her mother, her cock popping out of her wet pussy, and a mixture of Venessa's jizz and her cum slowly pours out and onto the floor.

"And don't you let those college boys forget it." She smacked Joanne's ass before walking out of the room. "Now clean up. I'll have dinner ready in a moment."

##

*Knock knock*

"Come in!" Roger grunted from the other side of the door just before Venessa entered. Unsurprising to her, she found her husband on the bed, doggy style, while he primed his ass with a butt plug dildo. Venessa closed the door behind her, crossing her arms as she leaned against the door with her bare ass touching it.

"Hey honey. Is dinner ready?"

"Just about. I'm letting it sit for a little while. How about you?"

He shrugged, his colon still squeezed around the plug located inside. "Did I hear some shouting downstairs between you and Jo?"

"Yes..." She held her pointer finger up to her mouth, trying to hide the lips as they formed a curl.

"She wasn't complaining about you treating her like a kid again, was she?"

Venessa shook her head with a stifled laugh. "I fucked her." Roger rolled onto his ass as he sat up, bouncing on the butt plug as he faced his wife. "Well that's a first. I mean, not as kinky as you fucking my ass, but still kinky." He couldn't help but notice that his cock was rushing with blood, growing thicker as he thought about his wife screwing the tears out of their daughter.

"Right?" She could feel her cheeks rushing with blood as she sat on the side of the bed next to Roger. "She saw my cock while I bent over and just went at it with her tongue. It felt beautiful. Like, the best tongue I ever felt around-" Her husband cleared his throat, and she was quick to backtrack. "Well, anyone that isn't you, dear."

"The best damn cock licker in this family, and don't forget it." he laughed, rubbing his cock in his palm as he bounced.

"Yeah..." She sighed heavily, her smile fading away. "I guess the only thing I'm worried about now is that the neighbors will think we're weirdos for keeping it in the family."

"Maybe some anal will take your mind off things?"

She tried to scowl at him, not answering, but her lip muscles refused and form a smirk on the side of her face. She sighed, shaking her head. "You are so lucky I'm still horny, mister." Venessa pounced on top of him and tackled him to the bed, kissing him as she rocked her hips, rubbing her cock against his. She moaned as she felt her precum squirt from her penis, shooting onto her husband's shirtless chest. Roger grabbed a handful of her ass and massaged her cheeks with roughness. Venessa kissed his nose before she grabbed his cock and guided it inside her pussy.

She sat up, rocking her ass back on the cock while her own dick rubbed against Roger's pelvic area and her hands massaged his chests. His hands were still on her rear cheeks, caressing them in his palms happily.

"Oh, shiiit..." Venessa moaned as she stroked her cock, ejaculating on top of Roger while her pussy dripped out juices on his own.

"Aw, done already?" Roger asked with mock disappointment

She smiled blissfully, patting his cheek lightly. "I just got off on my daughter, idiot." She said playfully before stepping off him, her pussy making a 'slurp' sound as his dick escaped her pussy. She stood over him, stroking her cock. "But I'm still hard. Turn over."

Roger grinned from ear to ear and got back on all fours, wiggling his butt in Venessa's face. She rolled her eyes with a laugh as she gently took the butt plug out of his anus, Roger grunting like it was the worst pain ever.

"I'll never get used to that," he said, a little out of breath. Venessa smacked her cock against his muscular ass cheeks before inserting herself in his asshole. As her meat pounded into him, she reached around and grabbed his own dick, pleasuring the head between her fingers. Roger moaned and stood up on his knees, his back against Venessa's chest, and wrapped his arm around her neck as he gave her a kiss. His wife returned the kiss, and their tongues met inside their mouths as Venessa came again, creaming inside her husband's colon.

But she wasn't finished. Fucking her daughter awoke a lot of sexual need inside her, and she kept fucking Roger until she came again. And again. And again. And once more when her jizz was starting to leak out of his asshole. Venessa stroked his cock faster, until he reached climax.

He held his breath, trying to fight back the urge to cum, clenched his fist and teeth, but he couldn't withstand the dedication his wife had to getting him off. "SHIT!" He growled through gritted teeth, pulling away so his wife's cock popped out of his butt, then stood on the bed pumping his cock for release and spun to meet his wife. Venessa pulled her hair back and opened her mouth just moments before he came and let his load shoot into her mouth.

As he fell back on the bed, Venessa crawled next to him, and kissed him, swapping his saliva for his sperm. They swallowed, smiled, and Venessa spooned him.

"That took a lot off my mind..." Venessa moaned happily, rubbing her sperm into Roger's chest.

"I'm glad I could help." He turned to her and kissed her one more time before getting up from the bed. "So are you alright with what just happened?"

"Absolutely. No regrets."

"And are you okay if she asks for you to fuck her again?"

"I see nothing wrong with it as long as she doesn't want to be pregnant."

"Great." He smiled as he bent down to Venessa on the bed and smooched her on the lips. "How about we go down for dinner?"

"Not like that, I hope." She laughed, pointing out his nakedness before smacking his bottom.

##

After a nice refreshing shower, Joanne hopped onto her bed, her towel still wrapped around her drying skin. She sighed in bliss about her afternoon, spending time with her mother and learning what sex was.

In fact, she was getting turned on by the thought of it right now, replaying the scene over and over again in her head. She unwrapped the towel off of her body, and rubbed her fingers against her pussy, feeling how wet she was. She moaned as the feeling tickled her. She hugged her body pillow, and decided to take a nap.

Only the feeling in her pussy was warm and tingling, like it needed to cum now. But she didn't want to get her fingers wet again, not after taking that shower. She held her pillow tightly, hoping that the feeling would pass, but instead, she found that rubbing her pussy against the pillow was a delightful feeling, and helped her get turned on. She decided to lay on top of it, and grind her pussy against the pillow.

Over the course of the half hour, Joanne changed positions a few times, laying on top of it, on the side of it, and overall stuffing the pillow into her groin and rubbing it frantically. Eventually, she came, and sighed, satisfied. She decided that now was finally the time to take a nap.

Except the very moment she shut her eyes, her mother knocked on the door. "Joanne, come down. Dinner's ready."

For the last time before leaving the room, Joanne used the pillow, but this time to scream into. ***

Dinner went by without any issues at their glass table. The family ate their glazed chicken, buttered carrots, and mashed potatoes, all to the tune of long conversations and discussions, bar the most important one. Even then, Joanne couldn't help it every now and again to play footsies with her mother, who would pause in mid-conversation to rub her legs to appreciate the moment, while the fully-dressed Roger would just laugh at their playfulness.

"Now then, how about desert?" Venessa stood up from the table, but accidentally intentionally knocked a fork to the ground and accidentally intentionally kicked it under the table. "Oh, shoot," she said as if scripted, "Joanne, be a dear and pick that up please?"

Joanne got on all fours and crawled under the table, finding the fork. But as she looked up, she saw her mother sitting back down in her seat, stroking her cock. "Mom? What about desert?"

"This is desert, honey." Venessa said in a light seductive tone, licking her lips as her palm massaged against her thick hard cock. Joanne smiled, giggling to herself as she crawled over to her mother's rod, patting the head lightly with her fingers. She hesitated before her next move, but slowly lapped at the head with her tongue, flicking it slowly up and down the slit as it got harder and redder. Roger, watching, was rubbing his groin through his pants, taking his time before letting his dong out.

Joanne held her mom's staff upright and slowly rubbed it in her fist while her thumb played with the slit. Her tongue teased Venessa's vaginal lips as she gently and slowly worked her tongue upwards to the clit. Venessa bit down on a finger while she felt up her breasts, squeezing them. Joanne's mouth made it up to the clit, which she pecked and licked at like a lollipop. Venessa moaned, lifting her shirt up and twisting her nipple lightly as her daughter suckled her clit, and used the space between her thumb and finger to massage around the base of her cock.

Roger unzipped his pants and whipped out his own cock, rubbing it in his fist as he watched his wife's facial expressions, licking his lips as he knew she enjoyed the service she was getting. Joanne's tongue moved on from the clit and slowly worked it's way up Venessa's long cock until she became reacquainted with the head. She placed her lips down on the head, her tongue swirling around it before she pushed her head downward and took the whole cock into her throat.

"Nnnngh, yes, sweetie, that's a good girl..." Venessa's head tilted back as her lips touched the cock base. One hand grabbed the back of Joanne's head, grabbing mostly hair, while her other hand went under Joanne's chin and rubbed against her own pussy. Joanne's hands went down on herself, her palm rubbing against the clit while her other hand inserts the two middle fingers inside her own slit.

Roger, himself too horny not to step in, stands up next to his wife and holds his cock to her face as he continues to stroke it. Venessa took notice and immediately suctioned her lips to the cock, bobbing her head back and forth as she twisted her fingers inside her pussy. Joanne's head was almost in sync with her mother's, bobbing up and down in the exact same motion.

Venessa moved her hands off herself and onto her husband's great ass, squeezing his cheeks in her palms while her mouth was taking in the bittersweet taste of his cock. Joanne looked up at her mother through the glass while her own mouth bobbed on her cock, rubbing her clit faster as she watches in delight.

Venessa took her mouth off his cock and pecked the head repeatedly as she placed one hand around his cock and stroked it back and forth. She smiled up at him as he moaned loudly, his eyes shut in bliss. Joanne, her mouth covered by her mother's penis, lets out a muffled gasp of excitement as her own pussy cums, small drops leaking out and onto the floor.

Joanne smiled blissfully as she stood up from under the table, and sat down on her mother's lap, Venessa's cock squeezed between her tight ass cheeks. She rocked her hips into it, not allowing it to go inside her no-longer-virgin pussy. Her fingers were still wet with her juices, and Venessa turned away from Roger's cock for a moment to taste them as Joanne held them up to her face. They giggled at one another before kissing. They hold the kiss while Roger goes back to rubbing his own cock and watching as his own daughter's ass is rubbing his wife's dong as their lips embrace.

##

Shit. Shit shit shit.

It was late, much later than he had promised his mother. But his boyfriend had too much trouble ejaculating, the concert went on longer than expected, and of course they were too drunk to remember how to get home.

By the looks of it, Rayven was in luck. None of the lights were on in the house, so it didn't look like anyone was awake. Thank god. Perhaps mom and dad went to bed early. He could only hope.

After he longingly kissed his boyfriend goodnight, he got his keys out and unlocked the door, but slowly creaked it open so as not to wake anyone up. Once inside he just as easily shut the door, then crept his way up the stairs.

CLICK!

Shit...

"Hello, Rayven." His mother Venessa spoke up from the living room recliner, tapping her fingers on the armrest with impatience.

"M-mom! What are you still doing up?!" He asked in a jumpy manner, walking back down the stairs.

"Well, I was going to fuck your dad's brains out..." She pointed out the transparent negligee that she was currently displaying, which showed that she wasn't wearing a bra, nor were there any panties. So her cock was out in the open for his eyes to gaze upon. "But you never got home."

"Mom, look, I-I'm sorry! Brad was drunk and he forgot where I live and we-"

"You let your boyfriend drive you home drunk?" She asked with grief.

"He-I...I tried to get him away from the wheel, but he kept insisting. I'm really sorry, mom." He hung his head in shame, guilty over letting his mother down. "But we're fine, we didn't hit anyone or anything, and I'm here standing."

"And he's driving home by himself now. Who's to say he won't get himself hurt now that nobody's watching him?" She crossed her arms, pushing her boobs against her body.

"Look, I know he'll be okay...okay?" He said reassuringly.

"Still, we need to talk about a punishment for you coming home so late. And I may have just the thing..." She licked her lips, giggling as she reached for her half-erect cock and slowly tugged on it. Rayven's jaw dropped as he looked on at the behemoth. It was impossible that his mother had a cock twice the size of his boyfriend's, but there it was before him. He shied away, embarrassed by Venessa's offer.

"Mom, I can't do that! I'm gay!"

"It's a dick, Rayven!" She chortled, still caressing her cock in her hand. "A penis should just be a penis to you regardless of the body it's attached to. Now come here and put your ass in my face."

He swallowed his pride and nervously approached his mother, and turned around, his ass bending into her face. Venessa smirked as she grabbed the seam of his ripped jeans and tugged the seat of the pants open, showing off his tiny cock and raw ass.

"Well, I see someone was enjoying themselves at the concert." She laughed, making Rayven turn bright red. She grabbed his ass and pulled her face into it, her tongue swirling around the entry way to his ass. Rayven gasped as his mother licked his rim, and kept repeating to himself that he imagine this as his boyfriend and not his mother. His dick got hard, but only up to five inches, which while average size in real life, you gotta remember in hentai that's pretty fuckin' puny.

Once he realized how good his mom was with her tongue, Rayven moaned, his eyes looking to roll back in his head, trying to force back a smile. He bended his knees so that Venessa could get a better reach on his butt rim.

Venessa pushed her tongue into Rayven's colon, and out popped a squeak from the crossdressing goth, whose jaw dropped with that sudden slither. He lifted up his Linkin Park shirt and training bra and rubbed his chest like he was fondling breasts, and played with his nipples. Venessa gripped her hands on his ass cheeks and pushed deeper inside, licking the inside of his freshly cleaned asshole.

"Mom, your tongue..." Rayven winced as his mom spanked his ass, and pulled her tongue out of his asshole. She stroked her cock and grinned wickedly, curling her finger inwards.

"That it was. Now how about my dick?"

He nervously stood up on the couch and squatted gently onto Venessa's cock, wincing as only half of it made it's way in his ass. "Nnh...it's too big mom!"

"Noooo no no no. Nothing is too big for my cocksucking little girl!" Venessa grunted as she pushed down on Rayven's shoulders to make certain her cock did fit inside. Rayven, meanwhile, was wide-eyed with pain as he covered his mouth, making sure his painful shrieks didn't wake up his dad or sister. Venessa sighed, satisfied with where her cock fit inside him, and noticed his nipples were pierced with D20 dice attached to a short chain. "Ooooh, these are new..."

"Th-they were a gift from Chad..." Rayven sniffled, tears running down his cheeks as he rubbed his nipples.

"They look tasty." She leaned into his chest and bit down on a dangling die and pulled on it, causing her son to cry out in louder pain. He bit down on his knuckles as he tugged on his cock, shooting spurts of precum onto Venessa's tummy. "That the best you can do?" Venessa said through gritted teeth, tugging on the piercing while she rolled the die around in her mouth with her tongue.

Rayven sobbed as he nodded, his mom's cock penetrating further than he's comfortable with. He wrapped his arms around Venessa's shoulders and held his head high, trying to make the tears flow another direction other than his sopping wet cheeks.

"Hrgh...you're so tight...good thing mamma lubed up your ass before I got in." His mother grinned before smacking his ass cheeks Rayven let out a yelp, then slapped his hand against his mouth, hoping nobody else woke up.

"It's so good, mommy..." He whimpered, fighting the tears back as he took pleasure in what he could, "so fucking good..." As Venessa let go of his piercing, Rayven pulled his upper body into his mother and rested his head on her shoulders, still crying from the harsh pleasure he was feeling. He cried out as he came repeatedly, his cock rubbing against his mom's G-spot.

"Unngh...mommy's...mommy's going to cum, Ray. Mommy wants to..." She shuddered as a jolt of pleasure force her cock to stand at attention, rumbling with want for release. She shoved Rayven off of her, and pointed down at the ground. "Get on your knees!" She hissed with impatience, rubbing her cock at intense speed. Rayven got on his knees and opened his mouth, ready for what his mother had to offer. Venessa grunted as her jizz shot out like a cannon, blasting all over Rayven's face, her cum dripping into his open mouth, which he only closed to swallow the contents his mom was leaving on him. He tugged on his small cock once more, shooting his sperm onto the carpeting of the living room.

When Venessa finished unleashing her white rain, she sighed happily, while Rayven was still playing with his nipples and dick, panting with his cum-filled mouth opened.

"Y'know, you CAN swallow." She reminded him.

"I-I know..." He nodded, his words gargled by the cum. After he does swallow, he announces, "I just wanted to...savor the taste..."

Venessa kneels down and pets his son's medium-length hair, smiling while the other hand wipes his tears off. "Sweetie, I love you, and mommy only hurt your boy cunt because I love you..." Her hand slowly moves down to his cheek, and she spanked it lightly. "But don't you ever stay out after curfew again. Understand?"

"Y-yes mom." He said shyly, still licking his mom's cum off his face and swallowing.

"Good. Now, get to bed."

"Y-yes mom."

"My bed."

"Yes mom..." He nods somewhat happily, smiling as he heads up the stairs in his high-heel boots, with his mom following suit.

##

"Uck, gym sucks!"

"I know, I don't know why they bother teaching us if we just get dirty like this."

Joanne and her friend Kate were in the locker rooms at school, getting changed for the end of the class and to move on to the next period. The two had been friends since childhood and were months away from college, where they were going to be rooming together.

"That's the worst of it. Some of us just aren't meant to be running around, getting sweaty and messy and grimy and the sweat starts to soak into our shirts and show our boobs and-"

"Wait, what?" Joanne turned to her friend as if a realization had been made. "Is that why the guys kept bumping into each other during the mile run?"

"Why else?" Kate shrugs as she takes her top off, wringing the shirt of her sweat. "I'll be glad when we get to college, Jo. At least by then we should be away from the hormone-riddled boys."

"Are you kidding? It's college, where underage drinking is frowned on but overlooked. Boys are still going to hound on us like they do now." Joanne slides her shorts off and to her feet as she converses with her friend.

"Okay, fine, but at least now we'll be looking for upper classmen to flirt with." Kate wiggles her eyebrows with a grin.

"Or the teachers." Joanne says with her upper teeth biting her lip.

Kate giggles as she removes her own shorts and sits down as she unwads her regular school clothes. "Or, even better? We get to experiment. Like with other girls."

"Really? We have to wait until college to do that?" Joanne laughs as she pulls her own top off, and feels her breasts, then her shirt. It was definitely sweaty, and her boobs would have likely been visible through it.

"Why, are you suggesting we do something now?"

"Actually...why not?"

Kate stops and turns to Joanne with a dropped jaw. "Are...are you serious?"

"Our next period is a study period. Nobody's going to care if we don't show up." Joanne smirks as she bounces her boobs up and down, prompting Kate to turn a little red.

"Alright, well...I'm good for it if you are...." Kate swallows her saliva as Joanne sits down next to her on the bench. They lean their heads in, slowly approaching the other. Both girls close their eyes...pucker their lips...and...

"Hey guys!"

"GAAAH!" Both girls jumped in surprise, and saw Rayven standing against the wall, a towel around his torso.

"God dammit, Ray, could you fucking NOT?" Joanne huffs as she immediately covers her breasts. "And...why are you even in here, you're a GUY!"

"I identify as female, stupid!" He sticks his tongue out at her.

"You react to male pronouns!"

"I'm working on it!"

"Look, just...go to your next class, you're ruining the mood."

"Fine, I'm not really into your lesbo hijinx anyways!"

"Fine!"

"FINE!" Rayven huffs out of the locker room, while Kate just stares on as Joanne's brother leaves in a towel. Joanne groans as she grabs her head.

"I swear he can be such a dingus."

"Aw, c'mon, he's kinda cute, Jo." Kate defends him as she rubs her groin.

"What? You like Ray?"

"He's so adorable, in his little gothic getup, I just wanna take his dick and...do things..." She smiles, laughing lightly as she rubs her fingers across her nether regions.

"Kate, oh my god, he's a fucking FAG, you wouldn't get his attention if you tried!" Joanne protests.

"Well, I can always take the next best thing..." She bites down her lip as her attention turns back to Joanne, and she reaches into her panties, pulling out a nice, juicy cock. Joanne's facial features show signs of shock as she pulls her hand to her mouth in awe.

"Jeezus, Kate, you're a futa?" Joanne says with a stunned tone. Kate just nods, massaging the tip of her penis with her thumb. "Okay, well, fuck. Gimme it."

Kate laughs at how anxious Jo is to take on her cock, and the brunette dives in, locking her lips around Kate's nice dick. She holds her hand at the base while her head bobs up and down. Kate moans and lifts her right leg up onto the bench and massages her own balls while Joanne's tongue swirls around the penis currently in her mouth.

"Jo, god, you're so good at this." Kate moans again, rubbing her nipple with one hand as the other pets her best friend's hair.

"I've had some practice." Joanne looks up at her friend for a moment, smiling before she goes back to licking her cock. Kate takes the opportunity to remove Joanne's panties from her ass and they fall down to her knees as she's on the bench. Kate gets a feel of Joanne's ass cheeks and hears her friend purr on her dick as she massages them. After a while longer, Kate smacks Joanne's ass, causing the brunette to yelp.

"My turn to play with you." Kate stands up and signals for Joanne to sit up on the bench, and the Asian gets to her knees on the tile floor. She wraps her arms around Joanne's legs and places her mouth down on her pussy, her teeth biting into them as they eat up the juices.

"Anh! Kate, not...not so haRRRD..." Joanne winces as Kate does bite down on the lips harder than she wanted. Kate pulls her head back to check up on it, but it looks alright and she goes back to eating her pussy. Joanne rubs her breasts in her hands as she closes her eyes, enjoying the pleasure Kate is giving her.

Kate's tongue massages her lips slowly while her hands unwrap around her legs and reach up for Joanne's breasts, assisting in the massage Joanne was self-receiving. Her tongue made it's way up to the clit, which she laps around repeatedly, circling it. Joanne's massaging hands move to Kate's shoulder blades and continue to rub her while Kate still caresses her breasts. The Asian looks up at her friend, smiling through her open mouth as her tongue finally presses down on the clit, watching Joanne's pleasured expressions change from second to second.

Kate smooches the clit, playing with her own while Joanne's hands grip into her shoulders, fighting back the urge to cum. The brunette wraps her legs around Kate's neck and pull her into her snatch, the Asian's eyes going wide-eyed by surprise.

"Make me cum, make me CUM!" Joanne repeats with gritted teeth. Kate's tongue goes inside her friend's pussy and laps up her juices, tickling against the walls. She twists her tongue around at a quickened pace, and she hears her friend panting heavily, telling her she was about to cum. But before she could allow her to reach climax, Joanne shoves Kate's face away, and turns around on her knees. "Enough foreplay, fuck me NOW!"

Kate stands up, rubbing her cock in her hand as Joanne licks her fingers and uses her saliva to lubricate herself. The Asian girl smacks her penis against the clit before rubbing it against the pussy lips and placing it inside her friend. Joanne's cheeks blew up as she held in a yelp when Kate placed her cock inside her. She wasn't as big as mom, but she felt just as satisfying to fuck.

Joanne pushed her hips back into Kate to assist in pushing every inch inside her. Once the base was reached, Kate wraps her arms around Joanne and rocks her hips against her friend's bottom. Joanne winces with each slap against the hips, and licks her lips as she knows she's enjoying it. Kate decides to spice the action up after a while and takes her fingernail, pushes it into Joanne's back slightly, and pushes down her back. It causes Joanne to drop her jaw with no sound coming out, her body frozen with an intimate shiver trembling in her body. As Kate takes her finger off her friend, her cock still smacking into her ass, Joanne lets out a very exhaustive "Oh GOD!" as she grips the bench.

"Are you okay?" Kate asks, concerned with that outburst.

Joanne holds her hand up to Kate to calm her down. "I'm fine, I'm fine just god, fuck that pussy, nnnh..."

Kate nods, and slaps into her friend's ass harder and faster. The want to cum and the sped up pace causes Joanne to sit up, wrapping her friend's arm around her neck and tilting her own head back she was nibbling at Kate's ear lobe. Kate's mouth opens up with only a pleased gasp coming out as Joanne's teeth bite lightly into her.

"Jo, c-careful, I'm almost...CLOSE..." She grunts as she holds her friend's hips tightly, not wanting to cum in her best friend's pussy.

"Just pull out and cum. Don't worry about me." Joanne whispers into her friend's ear before kissing her cheek.

"Okay...Ah!" Kate pulled her cock out to the sound of a wet, slick pop and frantically jerks it off. Her cum releases, pooling up onto Joanne's back and leaking down to her ass crack. Kate licks up her jizz before it reaches the pussy, in case anything leaks in as the rest of her jizz shoots under the bench and against a locker. The licking is enough to send Joanne into a screaming orgasm as she rubs her clit to assist, her own juices dripping out.

A minute passes as the girls sigh heavily, and hold one another in their arms. Kate rested her head on Joanne's shoulders while the brunette was too busy kissing her neck. "That was...good..." Kate says with a happy sigh.

"It was so much fun..." Joanne says between kisses. "We really should do this more often."

"Yeah..." Kate moans as she closes her eyes, feeling drowsy. "Let's shower up...study period's almost over."

"Okay." Joanne says as she helps the weak Kate to her feet and helps her to the showers.

"So...do you think I have a chance with your brother?"

"GOD no! You're all mine!" Joanne says as she smacks her friend's behind.

##

"Chaaaaad, no!" Rayven whined as he slaps away his boyfriend's hands from under his skirt as they sit on a picnic table outside the school.

"Aw, c'mon, baby, you know you want it."

"Yah. But my mom's gonna be here soon to pick me up. I don't want her seeing you act like this."

It was the end of the school day, and the year was close to finishing up. It was also a few days after Rayven had been fucked by his mother for coming home late. He wasn't really willing to forgive Chad for that, nor did he want his mom to see Chad being so rude in public.

"Your mom isn't going to care if I cop a feel." He grins, again attempting to look under the skirt. Rayven pushes it away again.

"Chad, c'moooon, it's bad enough I'm dating a 21 year old that keeps repeating junior year, but you can't just do these things."

"Says who?" The guy asks, reaching his hand out again. Suddenly, a pile of books fall down on top of his arm. Chad pulls it out from under the books, rubbing the hit mark as he curses under his breath.

"Oops." Joanne says in a snarky tone, winking to her brother. Rayven approves of her cockblocking.

"The fuck was that for, ya skank?" Chad questions with anger.

"Apparently you don't understand the concept of no, in which case my brother was telling you he wasn't fine with you jerking him off right this moment."

"Sister." Rayven corrects her.

"Ray, I just did you a favor, don't do that now." She says, unwrapping a lollipop and licking it with her tongue.

"It's a blurred line, you don't know-"

"No." She pulls the lollipop from her mouth and points it at him. "No. Bad boyfriend. Bad!"

As Chad looks confused, the siblings hear a familiar horn honk, and they look in the direction of their mother's van, which is stuck behind almost thirty other cars. Rayven kisses Chad goodbye, while Joanne grabs her books and sticks her tongue at the idiot as they head over to the vehicle, getting in and strapping on with Joanne in the back and Rayven in shotgun.

"So how was school?" Venessa asks.

"Great." Joanne says with a heavenly sigh, remembering her period with Kate.

"It was school, mom, nothing happened." Was Rayven's answer.

"So is that your boyfriend, Rayven?" She asks, staring at the guy on the table.

"Um, y-yes..."

"I don't like him."

"B-but you never met him before!"

"He has douche vibes, sweetie. And I don't want my son dating douches."

"Daughter."

"Ray, I swear to god!" Joanne bursts out.

"But mom-"

"Ray, no." Venessa raises a finger at him. "You are not going out with him again."

"But...but he's my prom date!"

Venessa promptly sighs, and rolls her eyes."Really, Ray?" she grunts through her teeth.

The sissy nods shyly. "I'll go with him to prom and that'll be it, I promise."

"Alright, Ray, if you say so..." She says, with a bit of worry in her tone. "God, this is taking forever! Why aren't we moving?"

"Shitty architecture for the parking lot, one lane, and tons of mergers?" Joanne responds as she licks her lollipop.

"Shit..." Venessa says. "What are we going to do while we're waiting in traffic?"

Ray turns to his sister, whose expression seems to register the same thoughts that he was having. He giggles, and places his hand under his mom's skirt.

"Maybe this?" He smiles as he strokes his mother's cock, taking her by surprise. His mother gasps and sounds like she's about to yell at him, but instead her mouth leaks out moans of pleasure.

"Ooof, this isn't such a bad time-waster, actually..." Venessa says. Good thing the windows were tinted, she thought to herself.

Ray smiles at his mom as his hand rubs against her skin, stroking from the base to the tip, and rubbing his fingers against the head. Venessa moans as she gropes her own breast. Rayven strokes her cock a few more times before he pats his fingers against the bottom of the head. Joanne licks her lips as she watches what she can from the backseat, licking on her lollipop. She lifts her legs onto the seat and slides downward, hiking her skirt up and slapping her clit.

Rayven smiles at his mother as he rubs her penis with more friction, as Venessa tries to hide her expressions of arousal, but only makes some really silly faces as a result. Rayven unbuckles his seatbelt and leans over to his mother, and licks the head of her cock as his hand continues to rub it.

"Yes, Rayven, do it like that..." Venessa says with a delighted smile. Joanne bites her lower lip, moaning as she takes the lollipop out of her mouth and rubs it against her pussy lips, twisting it around. The sissy goth's lips kiss down the inches of the cock and back up, meeting against his hand at some points, before taking it into his mouth. He slobbers his saliva over it as his head bobs up and down, hearing groans from his mother, knowing she was in full enjoyment. Joanne's lollipop was still against her lips, herself panting with pleasure as she watched.

While Rayven sucks on her head, Vanessa runs her palm flat on the cock, pushing for herself to cum. She rolls the window up just before she grunts loudly, her jizz flowing into Rayven's mouth. When she finishes pouring her river of cum into him, Rayven sits back up, and wipes his mouth off, getting some cum on his sleeve.

"Thank you mom." He says with a smile.

"No, thank you, Rayven." Venessa says back as she tugs on his cheek.

"No fair..." Joanne moans as she smacks her lollipop into her pussy. "I didn't get a taste."

Venessa places her finger on her chin in thought, with a thoughtful moan coming through her thoughtful mouth. Then she unbuckles her seat belt and puts the car in park. "Rayven, you can drive, right?

"Um, yeah?" He nods, curious.

"Take over for me. Joanne, honey, get in the back."

Joanne takes a look at the back, which she's noticed is lacking a seat, instead replaced by additional emptiness. "I was wondering why the back was missing..." She says before slipping out of her seat belt and into the back, as her mom hops out of the driver seat and crawls over the middle seat Joanne was in.

With Rayven taking over up front, Venessa lays on top of Joanne in the back, and flips her skirt up and pushes her panties down her legs. As she sticks her butt in her daughter's face, Venessa grabs hold of Joanne's legs and sucks on her pussy lips. "Mmm, sweetie, you taste delicious!" She says with a lip smack.

Joanne still has her lollipop in her mouth, and she licks it while biting down on the stick. Her hands are wrapped around her mother's cock, with the other hand massaging her balls. She cranes her neck up from her position, and gets it close enough that her lollipop stick pokes into Venessa's asshole.

"Aaaaanhhhh..." Venessa purrs delightfully. She suctions her lips to Joanne's vagina, licking the flavoring left by her lollipop. Joanne uses her neck as best as possible to thrust the stick in and out of her mom's ass. Both of her hands not are jerking her mom off, while her eyes are wanting to roll into her head as she feels her mom's tongue frantically lapping juices.

After a while of sticking her lollipop out her mom's ass, Joanne bites down on the candy part, chewing it up in her mouth, and swallowing it before spitting out the stick. She takes her mom's cock and sticks it in her mouth, which is now ready to stuff it inside.

The two just take in the moment, their tongues pressing and swirling around their genitals, making sure there's a hint of satisfaction to them before they reach climax. When the moment finally arrives, Venessa laps up the juices Joanne secretes, while her daughter swallows every gallon of cum her mother pours into her. Venessa rolls off Joanne and sits up, while Joanne just lies there, in a sexed-up coma.

"That was awesome..." Joanne says.

"Yeah, it was." Venessa smirks as she curls her arms around her legs. "So, Rayven, have we moved at all?"

"Uh...we just got out of the parking lot and onto the main road." He says to them.

"Well, at least we're almost home..." Venessa falls to her side, sighing happily as she wraps her arm around Joanne.

##

KNOCK KNOCK!

"Who is it?" Venessa asks on the other side of the door.

"It's Kate, Mrs. Fyuda." Answers the voice outside the house.

"Come right in, sweetie."

Kate lets herself into the family's house as she spots Venessa in the kitchen, mixing up some tea. "Is Joanne around?"

"Hm...no, I'm sorry, sweetie, she said she was working on a school project and needed to stay at the library late. You know how you kids are with your end-of-year materials." The water cooking on the stove steams, and Mrs. Fyuda removes it, pouring the water into a tea cup. "Do you want to stay for a bit until she comes home?"

"Um, s-sure..." She stutters nervously, realizing she's been staring at Mrs. Fyuda's ass as she spoke. "It wasn't anything big, really..."

"Well, I can keep you company for now, and I could use someone to talk to. Rayven's off to see his boyfriend..." Kate could hear the disgust in her words as she spoke the last two, "and Roger's working overtime today."

"What does Mr. Fyuda do again?" Kate asks as the mother leads her to the living room.

"Plastic surgery. He's been working on a particular woman who needed everything about her redone, and she refused to come back for multiple sessions."

"That sounds rough." Kate says as she sits on the couch, Mrs. Fyuda handing her some tea.

"Oh, you know how it is with some people, they get older and they want to look younger, and they go through so much you ask yourself, 'was it worth that trouble'? But I digress." She sits down next to Kate and drinks some of her own tea. "Now what were you and Joanne up to today?"

"Well, I guess I can ask you since Joanne isn't here..." Kate says with a nervous smile. "See, I wanted to talk to her about prom, and-"

"Isn't that only a few weeks away?"

Kate nods. "Yes, and...neither of us have dates, and I think she was looking to just go as friends, but...I'd like to take your daughter as my date to the dance."

Venessa just giggles before she takes a sip of tea. "Is that all? Katie, sweetie, I'm sure Joanne wouldn't mind it if you were her girlfriend for the night!"

Kate's eyes open up with a beam of hope. "D-do you really think so?"

"Kate, you've practically been apart of the family since you both were so young, I can't imagine anyone else being a wonderful date for my daughter."

"Even a guy?"

"Well, yes, but that's besides the point." Venessa slaps her hand down onto Kate's lap. "I know she won't mind it."

"W-well I'm happy to hear that, Mrs. Fyuda..." Kate says nervously, feeling a rise in her crotch. "You don't, um...you don't mind if I just wait until she gets home, do you?"

"Not at all," Venessa says, rubbing her hand down Kate's upper thigh as she smiles at the young girl, "as a matter of fact I'd love it if you could stick around..."

Kate shivers as she feels Mrs. Fyuda's hand caress over from her leg to her crotch area, and she begins to rub down on her jeans.

"M-Mrs. Fyuda-?"

"Please, Kate, you can call me Venessa." She says with a smile. "Now don't you act like I don't know anything about you. I did mention I've watched you grow up, didn't I?"

Kate shakes her head with embarrassment, trying to ignore the pressure of Venessa's hand on her penis. But her touch was so intimidating, Kate couldn't fight the sensations building up in her body. Venessa lifts Kate's shirt up slightly and digs her nails under her jeans, caressing the area over her penis. The touch tingles and sends another shiver down the Asian girl's spine, making her coo.

"Feels good, hm?" Venessa asks as she leans her head into Kate's ear. The girl nods, her eyes closed as she swallows the saliva in her mouth. "I hope you don't mind it..."

Kate whimpers, wanting more, but her brain was telling her otherwise. She grabs Venessa's wrist, halting her. "Mrs. Fyu-...Venessa...this is...just wrong! I can't do this, you're like a mother to me!"

Venessa laughs at the suggestion. "Well if you must know, I'm a mother to Joanne as well. That didn't stop us from having our own fun." She raises her eyebrows as she bites down on her lower lip, while Kate's mouth drops as she realizes what she's saying.

"You and JoammmMMPH! Mmmm..." Before Kate could say anything more, Venessa plants her lips on the young girl's, silencing her. Kate moans into the kiss, and places her hands on Venessa's neck, bringing her in for the kiss. It takes a few seconds for them to break, but when they do, Kate giggles. "That was...nice..."

"It can get nicer, if you like." Venessa smiles warmly as her fingertips brush against Kate's groin, making her tingle and shiver. Kate bites her lip and nods, undoing her belt and jeans to pull them down and show off her penis to Mrs. Fyuda.

"Aw, it's such a cute little thing." Venessa says with high-pitched delight. She wraps her fingers around Kate's penis and strokes up and down, while Kate sits back and lets her friend's mother do her magic.

Venessa leans into Kate's lap, and licks her tongue against the Asian girl's tip. Kate moans through her teeth, not letting it bother her. The mother strokes her tongue against the head, almost in a way like licking a lollipop. Kate presses her hand against Venessa's shoulder, rubbing her back in a circular motion as her penis was being licked at.

After a while Venessa places her mouth over the penis, and bobs her head up and down. Kate winces and trembles with delight as her hand grips onto Venessa's shoulder. She was really liking her mouth around her penis, moistening it up.

"Mrs...Venessa, could you...could you fuck me?" The Asian asks.

Venessa looks up from her blow job and giggles. "I don't see why not...but first you're gonna have to return the favor." She stands up and takes off her skirt, showing her own massive penis was fully erect. Kate drops her jaw at the size of her cock, but overcomes her shyness and presses her lips down the big shaft.

"Mm, yes, Katie, swallow that dick..." Venessa lifts her shirt up to grope her own breast, moaning as she grabs her penis to help Kate to better satisfy her.

The young girl strokes her own cock as her lips absorb the taste of Venessa's, while her other hand teases the balls of her friend's mother, making her moan like crazy.

"God, even Roger doesn't do that for me..." She laughs, petting the Asian's hair. Kate looks up from her blow job and attempts to form a smile around the cock, licking the head and making Venessa yell loudly. "Oh, god, that's SO goooood!"

Kate gets up from her seated position on the couch and drops her jeans to her feet, then removes her top and bra. "Venessa, I know you're enjoying this, but I NEEEED to be fucked now!" She turns to the couch and kneels on it, smacking her ass cheeks. "In my ass! I want it in my ass!"

"Eeeeasy, girl, don't get all hasty." Venessa giggles as she strokes her cock and lubes Kate's asshole with her precum before inserting it. Kate covers her mouth, muffling the agonizing scream reverberating from her throat. Venessa stifles her laugh. "Sorry, sweetie, you should've told me to go slowly."

"I didn't think it'd huuurrrrt..." Kate whimpers as her hands and asshole clench up. She moans as Venessa takes her cock out of her ass and inserts it into her vagina.

"Is that better?" Venessa asks, receiving a nod from the girl. "I don't think you've had anal before, have you?" Kate shakes her head no. Venessa giggles as she rubs her hands on Kate's shoulders, massaging her as she pushes her cock in. "Sweetie, these things need to go slowly. Try using some toys to stretch that tush of yours out, okay?"

"Yes ma'am..." Kate sniffles as Mrs. Fyuda pushes her cock until her hips meet with the girl's ass cheeks. She pushes her hips forward, creating friction inside the girl's pussy. Kate pants, sniffling from the pain in her ass, while Venessa's cock gyrates back in forth inside her. Mrs. Fyuda leans forward and kisses Kate's cheek and brushing away a tear.

"C'mon' honey, you're doing so well." Venessa grabs Kate,s breasts and pinches her nipples lightly, making the Asian let out a exhausted breath. Kate grabs her own penis and strokes it, her precum dripping out onto the couch. She wraps her arm behind and rubs her hand across Venessa's cheek, turning it to face her so she can kiss. "Good girl...just be careful, I'm switching positions."

"O-okay..." Kate stammers as Venessa grabs her hips and lifts her up, her cock still inside the girl's pussy, and sat down on the couch, with Kate seated on top of her. Kate thrusts her hips forward, rubbing her pussy against Mrs. Fyuda's cock as it pulsed inside her, throbbing for release. Venessa grabs Kate's cock from behind and rubs her palm against it, creating cute moaning sounds from Kate's mouth.

"Mmmm, Katie dear, you have such an adorable bedroom voice.." She laughs as she grabs her own breast and suckles on the nipple, her other hand still jerking Kate off. The Asian girl bounces up and down on the cock, biting her lower lip as she rubs her breasts in her hands.

Suddenly, the front door opened, and while she could hear Venessa's moans, Kate squeaked as she panicked over the surprise guest.

"MOM, I'm home!" Came Joanne's voice from the front foyer.

"M-Mrs. Fyuda, Joanne's home!" Kate whispers in a high pitched voice.

"Don't worry about it, she won't mind." Venessa says as she pushes her hips upwards into Kate's pussy before calling for her daughter. "I'm in the living room, Joanne!"

Joanne makes her way into the living room, and as she enters, drops her book bag at the sight of her mother and best friend fucking. "Oh my GOD!"

"J-Jo, I'm really sorry this isn't what I came over for it just happeeeeened!" Kate protests as she sees her friend's upset expression.

"Kate, if you were going to fuck my mom at least wait for me to get home first!" Joanne says as she approaches the two and gets on her knees. Joanne's tongue immediately licks up the poles of both women, making them pulse with pleasure. She continues to massage the bottom of both dicks with her tongue until Venessa and Kate clench their eyes shut.

"Joanne, honey, get ready! We're about to cu-...uuuUNH!" Venessa squeals as Joanne pulls her penis out of Kate's pussy and aims both cocks at her face. Kate lets out a groan as she and her friend's mother shoot their loads into Joanne's face, coating her face in jizz.

Kate hops off of Venessa and kneels next to Joanne, helping her lick off the jizz that was launched onto her. Venessa sighs happily, stroking her cock to let out any extra juices.

"Joanne..." Kate says with exhaustion in her voice, "would you...be my date to...prom?"

"I'd love to." Her friend says with a bit of giddiness in her tone before kissing the Asian girl with her cum-stained lips.

"God you two are adorable..." Venessa says before standing up from the couch. "I'll go make you some snacks, okay?"

The girls nod, still locking lips as Mrs. Fyuda leaves for the kitchen.

##

"How does this look, mom?"

"Hm...Isn't it a little too short?"

Venessa took her kids out shopping for prom dresses, as they both needed them in the next few days. As Venessa was sitting near the mirrors, Joanne was modeling one off to her currently; a purple corset with a poofy skirt that only reaches down to where her vagina ends.

"Mom, come on. It's 2013, girls aren't looking for something long and fancy. Just something to give their date easy access." Joanne spins back to face the mirror, running her fingers down the curves the dress provided her.

"Joanne, easy access isn't everything. At the very least, you want something you can take off without any issues." She sighs nostalgically. "I remember when your father and I went to prom, and we went to the hotel afterwards. The poor guy had such a hard time undoing my dress, by the time we actually fucked, he was so frustrated."

"Wow, I'm sorry to hear that, mom."

"Don't be," Venessa waves it off. "It was the best angry sex I ever had."

Joanne laughs, brushing her hair back as she's still eyeing the mirror. "Well, I still like it, and I think Kate'll love it too."

"Sweetie, Kate's been your friend for years, I'm sure she'll like you no matter what you wear."

"Thanks, mom." Joanne gives her mother a quick hug and a peck on the cheek. "I'd really like this dress, though..."

"Well, we'll see about it, though it does look nice on you."

"How about this, mom?" The girls turn around to see Rayven walking towards them, and their jaws drop in awe. The dress is a strapless pink number with a short skirt down to his knees, with black frills, and a black belt going across the waist. As Rayven gives them a twirl, showing off his panties underneath, the expression on the mother and daughter's faces reflects that he does, in fact, look stunning.

"Rayven, my goodness!" Venessa gasps. "You look so...feminine!"

"Thank yooou, I'm so happy to hear that, mom!" He says happily. Just then, a female sales associate walks by and approaches the family.

"Is there anything I can help with, ma'am?" She asks Venessa.

"Oh, well...that's a loaded question, isn't it?" Venessa laughs. "I was wondering if it were possible to get these dresses for a cheaper price? After all, I want my children to look their best for prom night." Ray goes to say something, but with Joanne's elbow next to him, he decides against it.

"I'm sorry, ma'am, but all prices are final. We are working on commission, after all." The sales rep says with a smile.

"I see..." Venessa thinks to herself as she places a finger on her cheek. "Well, perhaps we can talk about this over in the dressing room, miss..." she looks down at her name tag, "Sarah?"

The sales rep looks out the corner of her eye, perplexed. "I don't see what that will accomplish, but okay."

Venessa leads the rep to the dressing rooms, leaving the children behind. Once they arrive to the stalls, Venessa asks the rep to step into one, and locks the door behind her. "Now, then, let's discuMPH!"

Before she could say anything more, the lovely sales rep pounces on top of Venessa, pinning her to the door with her lips. Venessa flails her arms in surprise, trying to get the rep off of her. "Oh, don't try to play innocent," the rep says after finally taking her lips off Venessa, "I know what you were trying to do. Why else would you lead me back here?"

Before Venessa could answer, the rep plants her lips back onto Venessa's, silencing her as she reaches under her shirt and feels up her breasts. She was quite attracted to the size of Venessa's breasts, massaging them in her hands. The woman named Sarah lifts Venessa's top up and drops her head between her bosom, motor boating between her tits.

"M-my we're quite eager, aren't we?" Venessa asks, blushing as she's still taken aback by the rep's actions. She takes her hands and wraps them around Sarah, slowly creeping them down her back until she grabs a hold of her ass cheeks from under her skirt.

After her motor boating, Sarah undoes Venessa's pants and drops them to the ground, revealing her big cock underneath. "Oooooh, so you're THAT kind of mother." Sarah grins as she rubs her knee against Venessa's crotch, making her cock much harder. She brings her lips into Venessa's neck, sucking on her skin and making the mother wince. Venessa grabs onto Sarah's ass tighter as her suckling continues, moaning between her lips as she takes enjoyment out of the neck-biting.

Sarah stops and gets to her knees, rubbing the cock with her hands as her head moves to the side. Her tongue flicks up and down the base of the cock while her hands rub across the shaft, making Venessa shut her eyes and attempt to claw into the door.

The tongue of the sales rep slithers up and down the shaft, while her fingers rub around the head. Venessa's hand grabs onto Sarah's hair, gripping it. With Venessa nice and wet, Sarah's mouth opens wide and her head leans forward onto her futa cock.

"Oooooh, fuck..." Was all Venessa could say as Sarah bobbed her head back and forth on her cock. The sales rep's hand still wraps around the base, gripping it and tugging it while her mouth was still doing the work.

Sarah's tongue was sliding around Venessa's penis, savoring the salty flavor. Venessa lifts up her own shirt and plays with her breasts, tweaking the nipples as she breathes through her teeth. The feeling from her tongue was sensational, just as good as Roger's methods.

After a while, Sarah stands from her knees and grabs Venessa in for a sloppy kiss. Then she throws her onto a seat built into the stall, and slides her skit off to reveal a dripping wet pussy.

"Yeah, this is what you want, right?" She asks with a wicked smile, rubbing her clit. "You want to fuck this little pussy?"

Venessa, shocked by the rep's horny behavior, nods in acknowledgment The rep squats over Venessa's cock and sits down on it, her head shrinking into her shoulders as she feels Venessa's push inside her.

"Oooough, so fucking huge..." Sarah grunts as Venessa's dick slid into her pussy. She bounces on Venessa's lap, feeling her balls hit her in the clit as she came down on it. Venessa only grabs the rep's blouse and rips it open to reveal her bra-covered breasts, and cups them in her own hands. Sarah licks her fingers and rubs them along her clit, moaning with her lips closed as the anticipation builds.

Venessa's hands reach down to Sarah's ass cheeks, gripping them in her hands as the sales rep bounced down onto her cock. She freezes mid-bounce as she rubs her clit at a faster speed, and then cries out as she cums on the brunette's cock.

As Sarah stands up, her pussy dripping from her climax, Venessa grabs hold of her dick and rapidly strokes it, looking to cum herself. The sales rep gets back down on her knees in front of Venessa, tongue sticking out.

"C'mon, you know you want to cum all over me. It's why I'm here, isn't it?" She asks in a taunting tone. Venessa moves her hand faster on her shaft, teeth gritted as she feels the moment of buildup arrive.

Her teeth clench up as she groans, and her cock releases jizz onto Sarah's face, the woman smiling as her face was being covered in jizz.

After Venessa releases her jizz on Sarah, the sales rep licks her lips and asks, "Have I been of enough assistance, ma'am?"

"Hoo! More than I expected." She sighs blissfully. "That'll be worth the price I'm paying for their outfits..." *** "You know they're banging in there, right?"

"Yes, Rayven. But god, I don't know why it takes so long!" Joanne was pacing the floor as she and Rayven wait for their mother to come back from negotiations, fully aware of what scenario is going on inside the changing rooms.

"I think you're just jealous because mom's getting action and you're not." Rayven notes.

"I am so not! I just wanna pay for these dresses is all..." Joanne huffs at Rayven, denying his thoughts.

As they waited, a male sales rep approached them, and as they took notice of him, their jaws dropped. They were amazed at how young and attractive he was, and how perfectly white his teeth were through his smile. "Hi, can I help you girls with anything?"

As he asks the question, the two siblings exchange greedy looks with one another before walking up to either side of the salesman. "as a matter of fact," Joanne says as she drags her finger down his tie, "you could help us satisfy a sudden craving we have..."

While the salesman stands confused, the teens place their lips onto his neck, causing a shocked moan to come from his lips. As they press their kisses onto him, Rayven takes his hands and undoes the salesman's shirt, opening it up to reveal a bare, shaved chest. Joanne's hand slides down his chest, feeling the smoothness of it, as well as how toned his abs were. While Rayven turns the salesman's head, leaning in to kiss his lips, Joanne moves in front of the rep and kisses every inch of his chest downwards. Once she reaches his pants, she undoes them, and drops them to the ground to reveal his massive cock.

Joanne sticks her tongue only an inch out of her mouth and licks at the precum seeping out of the salesman's penis. Rayven's tongue digs into his mouth, exchanging saliva with the salesman. Joanne smacks her lips together as she places her tongue back in her mouth, swallowing the precum. She inserts the head into her mouth, licking it like the head of a lollipop as she hears muffled moans coming from the salesman's mouth as he and Rayven continue to tongue. While she suckles on the nub, her hand strokes across the salesman's penis, creating friction to get him completely hard.

"He's all ready for you, Rayven." Joanne smiles wickedly as her hand is still rubbing the salesman. Rayven turns his head away from the rep as he giggles happily. Lifting the skirt of his dress up, he pushes the salesman back onto a seat and stands over him with his back turned, and Joanne holds the cock as Rayven sits down on it, moaning with a hint of pain in his voice.

"Ah, fuck, that's a tight ass..." the salesman says. "I've never had sissy on me before."

The siblings laugh as Rayven licks his lips as he bounces on the cock. He places his hands on his own penis, massaging the head with his thumb. He breathes out his mouth as he feels his ass slap into the salesman's lap, making the sissy even harder.

Joanne kisses the salesman's lips before moving her head down his chest, again kissing downwards towards his cock. As Rayven pops up and down on the shaft, Joanne licks the base of the salesman, slobbering all over it.

Rayven stands up and turns around to face the sales rep, then sits back down, his ass already lubed from the precum. Still stroking his own cock, Rayven gyrates his hips, thrusting back and forth on the cock. Joanne rubs the base between her fingers, and the salesman finally grunts out a warning. "I'm gonna cum!"

The sissy brother strokes his cock faster, and as the salesman ejaculates, filling Rayven's ass with his cum, Rayven jizzes onto the salesman's chest. Once both are finished with their climax, the siblings lick the cum off the salesman, and Joanne kisses the man as Rayven cuddles up with him.

"Well, well," they hear Venessa's voice as she and the female sales rep come from the changing rooms, "looks like my babies kept you busy. At least you had fun, hm?" The male sales rep nods, his expression glowing with bliss. "C'mon now, kids, time to ring these up."

Joanne and Rayven nod as they go to change out of their dresses. Venessa grabs the ass of the saleswoman as they head for the register, and the salesman just sits there, recuperating.

##

"Well, it's been fun, hasn't it, dear?"

"You said it, babe." Roger and Venessa stare happily at one another, sighing as they sit naked on the couch together. "But tomorrow our babies are going off to college."

"I know...it seems like only yesterday we were teaching them the birds and the bees, fucking their little asses the way a parent could..." Venessa sighs, the feeling of nostalgia getting to her.

"Well, don't worry. In a few months they'll be back in time for the holidays." Roger says as he puts his arm around his wife, snuggling up together. "Isn't that right kids?"

Joanne and Rayven nod up to their parents, their mouths too full of their cocks to talk. Joanne was sucking on the tip of her mother's penis, while Rayven was to focused slurping up the sweat dripping onto his father's balls. Joanne looks over at her brother, taking her mouth off her mother's cock to scold him. "Ray, come on! We've been over this, if you're going to suck dad's balls at least do something with your hands."

"You're just mad I've got him harder than you." He shoots back, grinning.

"Relax, kids, this isn't a race." Roger moans as Rayven moves his mouth down on his cock, his tongue twisting around the shaft. "Just slow it down..." Rayven nods to his dad as he bobs his head up and down, the tongue sliding around the bottom of the shaft.

Joanne plays with her clit while her tongue flickers against the head of her mom's cock, moaning happily as she borders climax. She looks occasionally over to her brother and father, actually happy at the fact they're bonding for once. Her mom pets her hair, letting her know she's enjoying her hard work. Joanne giggles, and swallows the cock to the base. While gagging and choking around Venessa's penis, she manages to work it like a pro, Venessa moaning with delight as she massages her breast in her hand.

Rayven, out of jealousy, stands to his feet and sits on his father's lap, taking him by surprise as he squats down on his cock. Resting his hand's on Roger's shoulders, he bounces up and down on the cock, giggling and moaning as he stares into his father's eyes. Rayven's average-sized cock smacks against his dad's pelvic region with each bounce, leaving a splatter of precum on him. Roger moans as he runs his fingertips down his son's smooth chest, following his feminine physique to his ass cheeks, which he gropes happily. Rayven moans at the notion, which makes him shoot a bit of precum onto his dad. The sissy sighs before he kisses his father's lips.

Joanne, not wanting to be topped, sits on Venessa's lap in a reverse cowgirl position, her ass shaking as she bounces on her cock. Venessa breathes in heavily as she feels her daughter's pussy rub against herself, creating heavy friction on the cock. Venessa bites down on her lower lip, staring at her daughter's ass as she shook it with each push against her dick. She wraps her arms around Joanne's breasts and leans her back, caressing her neck with her lips. Joanne hums a seductive tone to let her mother know she's enjoying it.

Rayven and Roger continue their own fucking, staring still into one another's eyes as Rayven's hips gyrate on his father's cock. Roger rubs his son's little cock for him, making the sissy smile as he moans. Rayven taps his head against his dad's, rubbing their noses together before they kiss. The trap runs his hands down Roger's chest, massaging the groin area, which makes his dad shiver. The sissy giggles, rubbing around his own dad's shaft.

Venessa stands up and lifts Joanne with her, holding her legs up in the air with a grip around her thighs. In response Joanne wraps her arms around her mother's neck, helping her sit up straight while her mother slams her down onto her cock. Joanne pants heavily as her mother helps her work her shaft, memories of the first time Venessa fucked her rushing back to her mind. She drools out her mouth, the saliva dripping onto her breast once more.

Roger gets Rayven off of himself, and has him sit on the couch. The sissy does so, and Roger pops his cock back into his son's asshole. Rayven's hands are being put to use by him as he bites down on a finger as he moans from his dad's cock working his prostate, and a finger on the other hand twirls his hair around itself. Rayven wraps his legs around Roger and pulls himself up, kissing his father while he pounds into his sissy ass.

After hearing Joanne cry from orgasm, Venessa nibbles at her daughter's neck and gently places her back on the floor. "Roger, honey," Venessa says as she strokes Joanne's juices into her cock, "could you be a dear and trade with me?"

Roger nods as he lets his cock slide out of Rayven's ass. He walks over to Joanne, who's fallen to her knees due to the earth-shattering orgasm her mother gave her. He rubs his cock in her face, to which she responds by licking it slowly for a minute, then deepthroating the whole thing.

Venessa approaches Rayven, who's still sitting in the same position, rubbing his genitals to keep himself erect. Venessa takes her cock and pushes it into Rayven's ass, which causes the sissy to whimper. Despite having taken her cock before, his asshole was still a struggle to get into. Venessa grabs a hold of Rayven's hips and thrusts forward into him, making the sissy son squeal with delight.

Joanne turns around on her father, leaning against the armrest of the family couch. She spreads her pussy open, letting her father know what to do. Roger immediately understands and places his cock inside her, getting an audible gasp from his daughter. "Oh, god, daddy!" She grunts through gritted teeth. It had, surprisingly, been the first time she ever took an actual male's cock, and she wasn't disappointing in it. Roger grabs Joanne's arms and pulls them from behind as he fucks her vaginal insides, his cock massaging against her walls.

Venessa has Rayven lay down on the couch, and she lays behind him, placing her cock back into his boy-pussy. Venessa grabs her son's tiny chest as she thrusts into his ass, a smacking sound created between their bare skin. Rayven turns his head to kiss his mother's lips, her hips still pushing into him.

Roger lifts up one of Joanne's legs, allowing him to fuck her pussy a little better. She grabs a hold of his shoulder for balance, feeling his shaft push inside her, massaging her vagina from inside, making her want to cum again.

After a few more minutes of fucking their children, Venessa pops her cock out of her son's ass, and the sensations he feels makes him jerk his sissy cock off, and he cums on his stomach. Venessa pets him and says, "Okay you two, get on the floor. We're going to give you a special little treat."

Joanne and Rayven do as they're told as Venessa and Roger stroke their cocks in front of their faces. The children stick their tongues out, waiting for the moment of climax. Sure enough, Venessa and Roger hit their peaks, and cum flings out their cocks and onto the faces of their children.

The children sigh happily, Rayven licking their cum off his sister's face. Joanne hugs her sissy brother, letting the moment settle in as things cool down. Roger hugs Venessa from behind, and kisses her cheek. "We have such a wonderful family." he says.

"Indeed we do." Venessa sighs. "And they're all grown up..."

##

Joanne and Rayven were home for the college break, and were both ecstatic to hear their mother tell them that their older brother was coming home from West Africa for the holidays as well. The twins waited up all night for him, with Joanne managing to be the one to last after Rayven jizzed himself to sleep watching some gay porn.

Joanne sits by the window currently, her brother and parents asleep. It had been so long since she had seen her older brother, who went away to do volunteer work when she was only ten. How she had grown, she thought, and how surprised he would be to see her.

Then at five in the morning, she gasps as she hears a taxi door slam, and sees a bundled up hunk of a man walking towards her house. She knew right away it was her brother, home at last. She rushes to the door before he can open it, standing there and staring at him as if her lover had returned from war. Her brother, Tony, stood there in surprise, wondering if he had been gone for so long that someone new had owned the house he grew up in.

"I must have the wrong place." He says, taking it all in.

"I'm your sister, you dork!" Joanne giggles, pointing to herself. "Joanne? Ring a bell?"

Tony's jaw drops at the revelation. He knew his sister would grow up by the time he came back, but he didn't expect her to look as attractive as she was. She was like a completely different person to him. He hugs her, happy to see her after so long. "Where's everyone else?" He asks.

"Mom and dad are asleep," Joanne explains to him, "and Ray's over there on the couch." She points over to her sissy twin brother, which catches Tony off guard.

"Wow, I...could have sworn I had a brother and not two sisters..."

"A lot's happened since you left. C'mon." Joanne grabs Tony by the arm and drags him off into the kitchen, where some warm coffee is brewing up. "I stayed up all night just to welcome you home. I even started drinking coffee just to keep from falling asleep."

"That's nice to know." Tony says happily, sitting down at the counter as Joanne pours them each a cup of joe. She brings the mugs to her brother, and they sip down on them. "So, what happened to Ray? That's not the brother I used to teach how to throw a curve ball..."

"He kinda just grew up like that." Joanne shrugs after a sip, hopping onto the counter next to where Tony sat. "I couldn't tell you when, but I just know for him high school was a rough time."

"It usually is for everyone." Tony chuckles. "Anyway, I got you something from Africa." He hands Joanne a small box that was already gift-wrapped, topped with a sticky bow. Joanne looks at the box in admiration, thankful for the gift. Then she looks over at Tony mischievously, and removes the sticky bow off the box and onto her brother's crotch. Tony gasps, then looks at Joanne with a confused smile. "What are you doing?"

"You're my Christmas present this year." She says in a seductively cute manner.

It was at this moment Tony could feel his boner pushing against his boxers, making him aware of the situation. His sister had the hots for him. And he could tell by watching how she squished her legs together, pulling down on her baseball tee and playing with it as it masks her crotch. Tony smiles at her, and leans into her. Joanne does the same, biting on her lip as they lean into one another.

And then they kiss.

Tony places his hands under Joanne's shirt, running his fingers around her stomach, rubbing his thumbs into her sides. His sister moans as she wraps her arms around his neck, her tongue making out with his. He slides his fingers down to her hips, where he thumbs over her clit, stimulating her. Joanne's hands make their way down to Tony's pants, where she slides her fingers as deeply as she can to reach his ass. She rubs her hands as much as she can against the firmness of his buttox, her fingernails lightly scraping his skin. She begins to moan as Tony's thumb presses into her clit, sending a feeling of arousal all through her system.

Pulling her lips away, Joanne lifts her legs up and falls back, allowing her to remove her panties. She brings herself back into Tony's lips, and they make out for a little while longer before Tony decides to dive into his sister's pussy. He presses his lips into her's kissing them the same way he just did his sister. Joanne runs her hand through Tony's hair as he tongues her lips, flicking against them, feeling the blood rush to them. His sister whimpers, her fingernails digging into his skull as it pulls on his hair.

The moaning sister lifts her shirt up to show off her breasts, rubbing her nipples between her fingers as her brother's tongue laps faster against the lips. Her teeth dig into the skin below her lips, leaving an impression as she holds back her orgasm for her brother. Tony suctions his lips over Joanne's vagina, and pops them off, making the girl yelp out. He repeats this several times, making Joanne come close to climax. She hums through her lips as she feels herself cum as her brother's lips press against her crotch, his tongue going to town on her clit. within a minute she's panting heavily, then sighs of relief as Tony still has his face in her crotch.

"Tony," she whispers with a heave of breathe, not wanting to wake up the sissy brother, "I want your fingers in me."

Tony nods and stands up, leaning his mouth into her exposed breasts while he sticks two fingers inside his sister's vagina. Joanne whimpers while she pets her brother's head, rubbing her free nipple while the sensations in her pussy catch up to her. When Tony hits a sweet spot inside her, her legs grip around his arm, locking it in place while his fingers remain inside her. She grabs her brother by the head and picks it up to face him as their mouths press against one another again.

Deciding to be brave, Tony sticks another finger inside his sister's vagina, causing her to gasp through their kisses. She wraps her arms around his neck, forcing him into more kisses, their tongues making out on the inside. Tony moves his fingers at a fast pace, creating a slurping sound as they move in and out. Joanne moans through the muffled lips of herself and Tony, feeling another orgasm created by the fingers.

"Sis, I want to fuck you so bad..." Tony says with heavy breathe.

"Go right ahead..." She says, herself a bit tired from the orgasms, as she spread her pussy lips wide. "Your little sister's been prepping for this day."

Tony grins from ear to ear as he hears his sister's permission and watches as she gives him a full view of her pussy. Undoing his pants, he lowers them halfway down his legs, his cock bouncing out of his underwear and taking Joanne by surprise. She figured her brother was well hung, but not like this.

"Oh my god, it's almost as big as mom!" She shouts in a whispered manner.

"You've fucked mom?" Tony exclaims as quietly as possible, keeping his surprise in check.

"Mhm. And given you didn't ask about her having a dick, I'm guessing you have too." She grins wickedly as her hands tug on the pink nub of his cock. Wrapping her legs around his hips, she guides him towards her, his cock in line with her vagina. He goes inside, making Joanne moan. "Oh god, that feels good..."

"It better." Tony chuckles as he puts his hands at her hips and thrusts forward into her. "I know mom's got a big cock but I'd be pissed if she stretched you to the point you can't feel this." He gives one hard thrust into his sister's vagina, catching her off guard. Her body tells him everything as Joanne buckles her legs and tightens their grip on him, her teeth gritted as her eyes close.

"Fuck, Tony, do it harder!" She commands. And he does so, thrusting himself hard enough that the slaps into her groin could be heard upstairs. The two siblings stare into one another's eyes as Joanne wraps an arm around Tony's neck, huffing their heavy breathe into one another's faces, their bodies sweating from the effort they were putting into this. It was especially warming for Tony, who came in from the cold not too long ago.

Minutes into their fuck session, they're brought back down to earth when they hear a loud gasp coming from the kitchen door frame. They glance over to see Venessa in a see-through purple robe with matching bra and panties, her hands over her mouth as her eyes begin to water up. "Tony!" She gasps as she runs over to her son.

"Mom, hey! I can ex-" He's interrupted by his mom wrapping her arms around him and hugging him tightly, catching him by surprise as his cock slurps out of Joanne's vagina. His sister moans as it escapes and she rubs her clit, watching Venessa welcome her son back.

"My little baby's come home for the holidays!" she says happily, hiding her face in his shoulder. "I've missed you so much..." Her hands begin to lower down his back, clasping an ass cheek in her hand. "Especially missed this. Mmm, my my...you've been working out over in Africa."

"Yeah, well, I do a lot of work." Tony says, taken by surprise over the whole ordeal.

"Bet you've been fucking a lot of those African natives, too." Venessa giggles as she massages his ass between her fingers. She presses her lips into his neck, savoring the taste of his skin. "I've missed you so much, Tony, and I can tell you've missed this, too." She grins as she pushes the thong she wore out of the way, showing off her massive cock to a stunned Tony.

"It...it got bigger!" He remarks, his jaw dropped in astonishment.

"It sure did," she says as she strokes it in front of him, her eyes focused on Joanne as she rubs her own clit, noticing her daughter also eyes the cock, "and it's hungry for your ass. So how about you spin around for mamma while your sister gets your cock?"

Tony nods and does as he's told, putting his cock back in Joanne's pussy, making the sister moan. He pumps his hips into her crotch, the smacking of skin on skin making their genitals ache with lust. Tony focuses his attention on Joanne's expressions as he frees his mind, expecting Venessa's cock anytime now.

Though he expects it, he still growls as his mother pushes his cock into his asshole, shoving it halfway before it becomes a struggle. "Aw, poor baby, no girly cocks to stuff you in Africa?" Venessa asks, forcing it inside him. "Such a shame...now your ass needs to be re-trained." She giggles as she works her way in by backing in and out of his tight ass. Tony moans as he squeezes his anus around his mom's cock, holding his sister's hips tightly as he continues to plow his rod into his sister's pussy. He bites his lower lips as he watches his sister bite down on her knuckles, a sign that he was doing just right for her.

Venessa takes off Tony's jacket, then lifts his shirt up over his head, giving Joanne a pleasant view of his well-toned abs. The mother coos as she rubs her hands over her son's chest, feeling the bumps provided running against her fingertips. "My, Tony, you've been working out in Africa, haven't you?" Venessa asks seductively, moaning in delight over his physique. She plants her lips onto his neck, pecking at it delicately while her cock pushed into his ass. Joanne pants as her legs wrap around her brother's waist, pulling him in closer and making his cock push deeper inside her.

"Tony, make me cum..." Joanne says before sucking her lips in, her eyes glazed with passion. Tony nods and slaps his hips into her at a harder pace, his ass sliding back onto his mother's cock.

"Isn't that sweet?" Venessa chuckles, her hands massaging Tony's chest. "Your little sister wants you to get her off, Tony." She plants another kiss to Tony's neckline before leaning into his ear. "How about you do that, and mamma gives you both a special treat?"

Tony's eyes open wide, knowing very well what his mother was referring to. He nods, and places both thumbs on Joanne's clitoris. The thumbs rub around the clit as his cock pounds as hard as it can into Joanne's pussy. She grunts and groans, the sensation of the thumb massage getting the best of her. She grabs one of Tony's arms as her glazed eyes stare into his, while her free arm rubs the area over her clit, begging in so many ways to finally ejaculate. Tony himself was close to his own release, feeling Venessa's cock fit tightly inside his asshole.

"I'm gonna cummmm!" Tony warns as he pulls his cock out of his sister, his hand rubbing the shaft. He and Joanne squeal with excitement as their genitals finally climax, Tony shooting a wad of jizz onto his sister's shirt and stomach, while Joanne gushes out a seemingly endless stream of girl cum all over her brother's body. In a matter of seconds, they finish, panting heavily from all the excitement they had built up for that one moment.

"Good work, kids!" Venessa says happily. She pulls her cock out of Tony's ass, hearing him groan as it pulls out with a plop. She holds her cock in her hand while her free one plays with her nipple. "Now for your treat. Just put your tongues on this baby and you'll get what's coming to you." Joanne hops off the counter and onto her knees, Tony joining her as well. They peck at the cock before licking upwards on Venessa's head, making her moan as she massages her areolas in her hand. "Mmmm, that's it, my babies, lick mamma's cock...get it nice and good..."

Her already hard shaft was starting to swell up from the kids' perspective, but they licked as best they could to satisfy their mother. Joanne even went the extra step of massaging her mother's balls, which Venessa reacts to with a pleased chill in her system. Venessa suddenly feels her cock tighten, knowing she's ready to peak. "This is it, kids, mamma's gonna unload her gift!"

Tony and Joanne don't have time to react to the bad joke, as she rubs her big rod fast, her jizz immediately shooting out onto the face of the young adults. Their tongues stick out as they attempt to catch the wet jizz in their mouths, a good portion getting caught on their cheeks. When Venessa finishes cumming, she sighs happily, collapsing to her knees with the kids. "Merry Christmas, kiddies..."

"Merry Christmas, mom." Tony and Joanne say simultaneously as they hug their mother, the splooge on their faces rubbing onto her robe.

After a few seconds of peace, they hear a whining effeminate voice come from the living room door. "Oh, come on!" They all turn to see an upset Rayven pouting, his arms crossed. "Tony gets home and you all have a threesome? And you didn't ask if I wanted to join?!"

"Sorry, sweetie." Venessa shrugs as she hugs the other two children in her arms. "We didn't want to wake you up."

With a disgusted sigh, Rayven marches upstairs. "I'm going to see if dad wants to fuck!" The rest of the family just takes in the moment to rest from the action, listening a few seconds later to the noises coming from the room above them, Rayven and Roger obviously sharing their own yuletide joy.